5	If you think about it, $35 is really not that bad for dinner.  At a nicer vegas restaurant, you can spend up to $100 for the same quality of food.  So knowing that, here are tips to get the most out of your Wynn Buffet experience.  First, eat fruit for breakas, skip lunch, and line up for an early dinner buffet at 4pm.  The dinner line that begins at 6pm is insane, so I would avoid that if possible.  The premade salads are remarkable so try those instead of making your own (you can do that anywhere).  Next hit the seafood bar.  The crab legs are the best I've had in a restaurant experience.   And if you are lucky, they'll have some sort of tuna tartare to garnish your seafood plate.  Next, try the roasted rack of lamb or the prime rib.  The lamb is better in my opinion so I tend to go for that.  There's a risotto bar where you can choose your own ingredients and they'll cook it right in front of you.  The dessert bar is delectable and a must.  I don't know how much they vary from week to week.  If you can get one of their shots of strawberry shakes, then it's your lucky day.  The gelato bar is incredible (almost matchin the quality that you can find at the gelato cafe in the bellagio) and the pastries are heavenly.
2	I went to Wynn with very high hopes since I heard so many good things about this place.  However, upon trying this place out, I was sorely disappointed.  The food was good, but nowhere near the quality of Bellagio's buffet.  The selection was okay but still something was missing.  Maybe it's just that Bellagio's buffet was so good that it made this place seem pale in contrast.  The decore was a boring pastel that almost puts you to sleep - extremely not Vegas-like.Maybe I set my hopes up too high, but I really can't think of a more forgettable experience for the money.  Spend your hard earned dollars at Bellagio's buffet instead.
4	Not the ordinary buffet that you're expecting.  I asked the lady up front, "Is this quality or quantity?"  She said, "Mr. Wynn only expects the best in his hotel."  She was right.  You really get more than 6 themes of food that range from average to above average in taste.  We're talking Chinese to Indian to what I like to call the Thanksgiving section.  The most impressive part was the dessert area.  It had almost everything you could thing of.  ex. crepes, ice cream sundaes, creme brulees, and the list goes on.  I was bummed that there wasn't lobster, but they did have snow crab legs.  Definitely worth the money!!!
4	So spectacularly laid out it was a pleasure (and exercise) to walk around the expanse of offerings.  If you didn't have to pass by the desserts to get to the brunch, you would forget them or stuff yourself silly before getting to them.  On par with the Kennedy Center Brunch in DC, which is my favorite.  No expense is spared here, Ostrich leather is used on the check in room! Flowers, interestingly mixed between real and fake make up a wonderful courtyard.  The food is tasty, the service impeccable. A note, if going right when they open in the morning, either show up at 745 or 830 to avoid an uneccessary line.
4	Indulgence & decadence... I guess that's what Vegas is all about.  On my recent trip to Vegas, my friends and I got to pig out at the Wynn brunch buffet (courtesy of the hotel for losing money at the right blackjack table).  The buffet was great...  what a choice!  Probably one of the biggest buffet spreads I've seen... ranging from traditional breakfast fare (highlights: eggs benedict, french toast, mini waffles, freshly sliced bacon) to made-to-order Asian noodle broth (perfect for a hangover) to the ceviche bar and of course... the dessert (great pastries, gelato, and strawberry shortcake)!  I'd skip the sushi bar (very limited choice during brunch) but beyond that, I was pleased with almost everything I tried (and yes, I tried a bite of practically everything!!).  I'm getting full just thinking back to this meal.  For me, a buffet is a must every time I'm in Vegas... and the Wynn and seafood buffet at The Rio rank the highest.
5	This has to be the best buffett in Las Vegas! We went here for lunch and it was off the hook! They had many varieties of different kinds of cuisines so it's great to have that much selection! Also they have a super cute gelato area for you to get dessert! YUMS!
4	who doesn't love a good deal?  and let's face it, there are few better deals than eating at a buffet. i have to say, the buffet at Wynn was the MOST beautiful presentation i have ever seen. definitely not your run of the mill buffets! you walk in, and the first thing you see is a garden fantasy land with windowed ceilings and floral/fruit arrangements 10 feet high.and the food...eggs made to order, pastas, seafood, sushi, salads, pizzas, yogurt and fruit, dessert and gelato room, and they even had a station serving chinatown-style congee with all the fix-ins! YUM!!!
5	Love this buffet. Especially since it's always free b/c of comps. I think it's kinda spensive otherwise but still worth it! They've already cracked open your crab legs for god's sake!Love the dessert room. mmmmmmmmm
5	$31.95 for the saturday champagne/bloody mary brunch, and oh my god was it worth it. i drank that much in mimosas :) prime rib, rack of lamb, king crab legs, made to order omelets, and one insane dessert station.... i've never eaten so much in my entire life. i went back for fourths. it was a VERY VERY long meal and the fact that they kept bringing me alcohol didn't spur me to go any faster. definitely a high point in my dining experiences in las vegas. if you have a chance to go, take it and drink your money's worth but PLEASE dont forget the amazing food :)
4	This was the second buffet we hit up on our trip and it was a great choice. The prime rib wasn't as good as the Bellagio but the crab was 5x better. We must've ate our weight in crab legs. The desert room was off the hook. The flan was the best ever. minus one star for the cold unagi (who eats it like this? eww.) and the dissapointing made to order rissotto bar. a lil too gourmet to call a buffet and a lil too buffet to gourmet. but I'd probably go back again.
5	Literally the best buffet I have ever been to. The crab legs are split down the middle so you don't have to crack anything. Shrimp are large and plentiful. Some Chinese tourists were amazed at how much shrimp I was piling on my plate. This is America, man! They had banana fosters on order, but I heard it's not there anymore.Stood in line starving for about two hours and it was worth it. My girlfriend went again recently and had a much shorter wait.
2	We got there just before the Sunday brunch rush (at around 11:00) and only waited a few minutes; definitely get there on the early side or else it is a long and painful wait.  The seafood selection was pretty poor - mostly crab salads and stuff like that but the shrimp cocktail was good.  The carving station was also not up to snuff - prime rib (yummy) and bacon.  Bacon is delicious but there's really only so much thick-cut, smoked bacon you can eat...  I would've preferred a different meat...perhaps ham...or poultry?  There were a lot of cuisines (Italian, Asian, Mexican etc.) but selection was very limited within the cuisines.  The dessert bar looked very promising...but I was a bit disappointed.
3	On my last trip to Vegas, I so badly wanted to try the buffet at the Wynn Hotel as I heard it had a blend of unique selections. I wondered if it topped the ever so popular Bellagio buffet. Upon entering the buffet location, I was just amazed of how modern and trendy the place looked. From the cool looking silverware to the square shaped plates, I was already in awe. I got immediately giddy upon seeing the food selections they had to offer because it sure wasn't your typical Las Vegas buffet; it was indeed a unique buffet. They served risotto which you choose what type of flavor you wanted and the chef would cook it up right then and there to Thai and Indian food. I thought I was in heaven. But, what I didn't know was that the desert bar was the main event! My God! They had crepes; hand dipped chocolate straweberries; gelato of all things! GELATO! I wanted to try every single item in the dessert bar. In the end, I decided that the buffet itself was so-so, but the dessert bar is by far the BEST dessert bar I have ever experienced at a buffet.
5	Best Buffet, hands down.  It's now noon and I'm still full from last night's buffet chow down.    Went down there for the Labor Day weekend buffet where they increased the cost to $37.95 + tax, but it was way worth it.  I would have paid $50 for this buffet.   Lamb Chops -  Delicious... King Crab Legs... Delicious  Prime Rib - Nice and pink.. just the way I like it .  It was seriously a meat fest at the Wynn. Be sure not to get too bogged down by the fillers (i.e.  bread, pasta, rissoto bar)The wait was a good hour 15, but that was expected especially when we were arriving at 6ish.  Didn't leave the place until 10.     I'm not normally a dessert person, but there was room made for them inside my stomach.   Will definately come back to The Buffet at the Wynn next time.
5	You know what I loved about this buffet?  The fact that this was the most sanitary buffet I've ever been to!  There are no patrons sticking their hands into the food or putting food back into the serving platters.  No sneezing on the food or "taste tests!"  Many many thanks to the chefs that man the stations!  What's also amusing are the bathrooms...  the trough designed sinks surely made me feel like I really chowed down - which I did.  Oink oink.
3	I've only tried their breakfast buffet and it was okay.  Not that impressed with the selection.  But it was when the hotel opened... don't know if it has improved greatly since then.
4	Well just came back from gorging myself and a few other friends.First, we went on a thursday night at 6:30 - no wait, lots of empty tables.  After reading the reviews, i thought i'd be there forever waiting but on weekdays it's obviously not that bad.  Weekends maybe but weekdays, not bad.  Also, on weekdays, it's only $32. Weekends $35.The food was alright.  The highlights are the Alaskan crab legs, lamb T-bone steak, and prime rib.  I'm not a big foodie but my friends wanted to go but to me, crab legs are crab legs anywhere you eat them.  They must have been frozen for them to saw it in half so cleanly.Same for prime rib...it was cooked to perfection but no special marinating or anything...taste like prime rib we make at home.  The lamb i thought was the best where there was actually some culinary skills involved.There were alot of other varieties, like asian and italian stuff but who is going to eat fried rice and pasta or meat balls at an upscale buffet (oxymoron??)  I did have some mash potatoes and my favorie strangely was their sweet potatoe with cinnamon...good comfort food.  I tried not to eat alot of it to save room but the taste is very satisfying.Great service, very clean, patrons very orderly, the decor was fine.  I somehow thought the seating would be a bit more snazzy but it's comfortable and fine - casual is good way to put it.So save room for their desserts...kudos for that.I will probably return.  I was still feeling a bit full the next morning so I think I did good at the buffet.  We just all eat, drink and talked, paced ourselves during our 3 hour feast.
3	On my recent trip to Vegas for two buffets in one day, my first buffet was lunch at the Wynn. I opted for the $27 meal without alcohol. I liked how they arranged the food by cuisine type, although it was confusing that they had some cheese shit under the sushi station. My favorites:- grilled shark- prime rib- tiramisu gelatoOtherwise, I thought the rest of the food was mediocre. The decor of the place was cool, but it's not like I'm going to a Vegas buffet to feel fancy, I'm there to feel disgusted about my gluttonous ways. It's better than any buffet you can get out here, but I thought it wasn't nearly as good as what I had for dinner: buffet at the Bellagio.
3	So I was there on a Tuesday, so I can't review the Sunday official brunch.  The best part of this place is that it is very spread out.  You don't get squished in between 10 people fighting for the shrimp.  Lots of choices, beautiful layout.  Just nothing that made me go WOW! or OH MY !!  It was just, well, another buffet, sorry to say.  I still prefer Ceasars to this joint, even though it is a lot more crowded.  Maybe that is WHY it is!
2	Like many other reviewers, my expectation for the Wynn Buffet was much too high, and was very disappointed with their average food selections for lunch. The service wasn't great either, since we had to haunt down our waitress in many occasions, in order to get our water refilled, and plates taken away, in addition, she never smiled.The only thing that wowed me at this buffet, is their fabulous flower arrangements and the garden scape! For the same price, Bellagio Buffet is a much better choice.
4	ok, so it's good but not spectacular. i've yet to find an all out gorge fest that was. i would say it's one of the better ones in vegas. here's a rachael ray tip for ya (read: cheap): go for a late lunch, around 3pm and it's only $28 (it was $20 when I went at the beginning of the year!!). a little while after that they change the selections for dinner and you get to stuff your face on dinner only items. you should have seen the mobs of asians that descended on the plates of king crab legs that were brought out, like vultures to a fresh kill. i do have to admit the crab was pretty damn good. i put away at least one poor crab's set of limbs AFTER i said i was done eating. oh another tip: save room for dessert. i would say the wynn has the best dessert buffet selection i've sampled. they have miniature sized plates of desserts that rival some gourmet restaurants. the creme caramel, lemon bar, and peanut butter/chocolate bar were highlights of this visit.
4	We had our dinner buffet on 12/30 there! It was so very crowded but if we waited for New Year's Eve, it would have been impossible. Besides, they want $75 per person for that evening, outrageous!There were SO MUCH food (and variety as well) that I don't know where to begin. But honestly, can anyone sample in that quantity? I would say the food there are good, but not great. In comparison with Bellagio's buffet, this is still not as good (but very close). Ultimately, maybe one is still better served by having the cuisine of choice and find the restaurant that's excellent at it.
4	I too thought that the buffet was pretty good. There's a lot to choose from, friendly service and nicely decorated.I enjoyed the the food selection, ranging from salads, pastas, prime rib, turkey, all the fixings, mediterrenean, indian and japanese.My most favorite thing is the dessert room. yes, a whole room dedicated to desserts.Creme brulee and gelato.
5	This is the best all around Vegas buffet, hands down. The crepe station is magical. The omelet station is well appointed and efficient. The lunch and dinner options are hearty and healthy. Plus, I love how you can just scoop raspberries onto your plate like they're going extinct. Does anyone else notice how raspberries are sold so meagerly in most food outlets? Well, at the Wynn Buffet, you can stuff your face so full of raspberries that it'll become bumpy and red. I love this part. When they first opened, they had fresh squeezed juices, which truly set them in a class of their own, but they have since replaced this with the much less expensive "from concentrate" option.
4	Bellagio's Dinner buffet used to be my favorite until I tried the buffet at the Wynn Hotel.  For what you're getting for about $36 pops a person ain't bad at all!  The service of the waiters and waitresses are excellent as well!Recommendations: Lamb Chops, Prime Rib & King Crab legs.
4	this place feels cool looks cool and everything looks more.. opulent.  however, the taste was just decent.  good for a buffet, but for the wyyn, a little sad.  i still prefer bellagio buffet.
4	THE BUFFET... oh man, that was beyond yummy. The variety of foods really amazed me. They had the rambutans... it's probably most commonly referred to as the HAIRY BALLS fruit. Well, it's pretty exotic and you hardly find them here. They had fish cooked in 6 different ways. Braised oxtail, osso buco... just to name a few. The dessert bar was just great. ADVISORY:Wear elastic pants.
5	This buffet was great.   We arrived in Vegas on Wednesday morning and were starving.  At the buffet, breakfast is served until 10:30 and then lunch begins at 11.  The lunch price is more expensive...I can't remember the actual numbers.  Anyway, the food was great:  sushi, ceviches, create your own omlettes, create your own stirfry, eggrolls, asian veggies, fresh fruit, chicken parm, kobe beef meatballs, Mexican food, my favorite...enchiladas, guacamole, fajitas, 4 different types of pasta, plus a create your own pasta/sauce combo, 5 different types of pizza, 3 different salads, 5 different soups.  I could have lived there!  And desserts:  6 different cookies, mini versions of pretty much everything: cheesecake, tiramisu, lemon bars, carrot cake, chocolate cake, chocolate mousse, pies, bread pudding, gelato.  I could go on and on.  I was honestly surprised by the amount of seafood on the buffet, as I usually think of buffets as places that charge for inexpensive food at large quantities...not so.  There were piles of shrimp, the ceviches, sushi, smokes salmon, clams, 5 types of fish including sea bass, tuna, and salmon.We returned for the weekend champagne brunch, and as both my boyfriend and I don't love breakfast items, we were a little disappointed.  But, if you love breakfast, you can't go wrong there...there's so much to choose from.  Tips:If you go between 10:30 and 11 they will let you in for the price of breakfast and you'll have the opportunity to eat both selections...they add things for lunch.  If you can go during the week, do.  There were so many people on the weekend and it made me feel spoiled for having been without the crowds.
4	I think I only paid for 1 buffet here. But I've gone here numerous times. For the money. It's worth it. The food is very high quality made in small batches so you're not eating food sitting and unrotated in heat lamps for 3 hours. I like that I'm not treated like I'm eating from a trough. The service is pretty good and I enjoyed the freshness of the seafood. They have some of the better prime ribs in town. The selection is almost your typical vegas international faire but to a higher level.
4	Go ahead and stuff yourself.  It's worth it.  Mmm... I want to have their polenta................................ and BREAD PUDDING!!!!You have to remember that it is a place that serves in bulk, and it's where you can get the most (or least, if you just want to sit there) out of your dollar.  It's got a nice atmosphere and good selection.  Service is good too.  I mean, when you compare it to places like Todai... this place is fabulous...Long lines... so try not to go while everyone is planning on going.
5	I absolutely agree that the Wynn buffet is currently the best in Vegas!  Everything was fresh, devinely delish and top-notch.  Worth every penny of $40 for dinner.  Oh, and save room for dessert.
5	I've tried all the buffets on the strip at one point or another and found this to be the best one yet.  Typically, I expect my food at these places to be over-cooked because they sit in those heating trays for who knows how long...  and that's assuming that the dishes were cooked properly to begin with.  Here, I was surprised to find that nothing was over-cooked... not even the fish.  Some of the dishes that I particularly enjoyed were the duck leg confit salad, lamb chops, osso buco, tombo, and brisket.  The ceviche was nice but the seafood ratio was a little low for me... just came back from Belize.  I'm usually a big fan of king crab legs but, like the other buffets that offer them, these legs were skinny.  I guess I've been spoiled.  To me, though, this is one of the best food values on the strip when you take in account the number of good quality dishes that actually taste good as opposed to only sounding or looking good.
5	For all you "foodies" out there, I think you could be bold to label this place heaven. I don't know what beats great food - oh yeah - great food in a buffet! That my friends, is what The Buffet at the Wynn is all about. My friends and I went during a Saturday night. For all of you out there, please take note that Friday and Saturday nights are the better nights to go because in these two nights, they put out on the buffet RACK OF LAMB - and yes my friends, you can eat all the rack of lamb that you want. I had no shame to ask the carver for 5 pieces in my first showing at the station. Then there the make your own risotto station.Honestly, you WILL stay 2-3 hours here because of all the food. Its worth every minute and every dollar you spend. As Joey says in the Vegas episode in FRIENDS, "This is where I win all my money back!" Well, you may not win everything back, but at least you'll leave satisfied and craving a few hours later, for more rack of lamb.
4	I am to this buffet like George Bush is to Iraq.We have no exit strategy.Seriously, I made like a bat and virtually consumed my own body weight in a single feeding*, most of it comprising of miniature flans and creme brulees. And since I'm sure you must be fascinated by this, I will list for you all the things I gorged myself with:SushiCocktail ShrimpPrime RibRibsFried ChickenRoast BeefIce CreamCupcakesAs you can see, I am an efficient eater and I waste no time on things like bread and pasta. Those are just fillers, and if you're going to pay $35 on a buffet, hell, eat your money's worth. Which is saying a lot for this former vegetarian on a diet. But I'm paying for it because I feel really bad for eating all those animals, plus I think I got heartburn for eating too fast. But I starved myself all day to come here to eat, and, if I may use another George Bush analogy, MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!*It's true, google it yourself!
4	This is the Wynn buffet and in my view the Mecca of Vegas buffets.  The place offers near gourmet food with excellent range of selections.  They have king crab legs, peeled shrimp (good size), and a wide carving station selection expected in premier buffet joints.  There is also Chinese, sushi, pizza, pasta station, Indian, etc etc etc.For first time visitors, take small portions of each so you can sample a wide selection.  Be sure to save room for a very good dessert bar.  Be prepared for long lines at peak hours during weekends.  Dinner starts at 3:30 so you can go early to avoid the crowd.At around $40, it is one of, if not the, most expensive buffets in town.  It's worth it.
5	Expectations were set really high by all the great reviews and by the price tag. Took a chance and went to breakfast, which at $17.95 is probably more than I have ever spent on some morning chow in my life. I was seating in the atrium that was cheerfully decorated with numerous flowers. It was very peaceflu and a welcome respite after a night of too many martinis.I was pleasantly surprised by the diverse selection, especially the succulent dim sum. I followed that with a combo of scrambled eggs cheese enchiladas and a spicy but juicy Portuguese sausage. The grand finale was 3 different types of pancakes with hot maple syrup. Everything was perfect cooked. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.I just wished I could have packed my auxiliary stomach (I only brought my extra chins for this trip) so I could have sampled more. The only thing I could say negatively is that there is no way I would wait 4 hours to eat here. Of course, that is no refelection of the food. Personally, if I had to wait that long, I'd walk across to Hot Dog on a Stick instead ..... but NEVER to the buffet at TI. That place would be rated negative 4 stars.
4	I thought this place was great because they had everything you would want. Roast Beef, Prime Rib, King size crab legs, sushi..and then for dessert you get to make your own crepe or choose house made gelato... it was totally worth it. The only bad thing I have to say is the wait. We got there early and still had to wait in a 30 minute line, so if you can't stand lines.. I think you should get there around 5 and just take it slow for dinner or something :)Pros:+ all kinds of foods+ good service (we left $1 tip per drink we got..)+ huge environment, nice decorCons:- long lines!!! :(
4	One word here...yummy!  I was fortunate enough to go on a Friday at around 12:30 pm and there were no lines whatsoever.  The selection was amazing, the service was great, and the presentation was perfect.  My usual gripe about buffets is that the food looks like it has been sitting under a heat lamp for hours and hours but the food here looked like it was just set out.  The decor is classy and they give you plenty of room to spread out, sit back, and stuff your face!
5	I was treated here by my kind friends.  It's a good thing too because this place is pricy.  The per person price is north of $37.  That being the price, you better get your money's worth.  I certainly did.. hehe.The first thing I did was try their prime rib, which is excellent.  They are not stingy with the slices and you can have it cooked some more if it's too rare.  The next thing I had to have was the crab legs.... MAN THEY ARE HUGE.  They're like as long as my legs... very meaty too!  Of course, when I visit buffets, I usually eat until I drop dead.  Thank goodness I didn't because the dessert area is just too good to miss.  They have creme brulee (my favorite) and some dang good crepes.I have absolutely no complaints about the Wynn Buffet, except for the fact that there is usually a long line to get it.  It's still all worth the experience though.  The decor is also beautiful.
5	Let's just start with this: The Wynn Buffet is the best buffet you'll have in your life, and events such as your graduation, your first anal experience (either end), your first child, your first whipping, your first wedding, and the first time you killed a hobo, all those experiences will pale next to the endless onslaught of gourmet quality dishes the Wynn Buffet serves up.Let's see ... what'd I have ... The seafood and sushi was fresh and incredibly juicy (real wasabi!), the pork was obscenely savory, the lamb made a mockery of all other lamb dishes I've ever had. I loved the vegetables so much I would marry them, then I'd turn around and cheat on them -- the sirens' song of their soups cannot be denied. I was humbled by their ice cream, which they apparently make themselves, and shamed by their cakes. The decor made me feel as if I were the last in a long line of royalty. The only downside is that the long line of would-be royalty stretches for a really long ways, and they don't take reservations. If you've the time, wait until after 8 p.m., when the lines are more manageable -- go spend some time in the Wynn's outstanding poker room or go watch a show or something, because this buffet is definitely worth the wait.
5	For my 100th Yelp review, I've decided to talk about the BEST buffet in Las Vegas....the Wynn Buffet.  Yes, its a little pricey, but really $35 for dinner in Vegas for the amount and quality of food is not that bad.  There is a long line as well, but it doesn't seem any longer than other popular hotel buffets.  Anyway, back to the Wynn...Holy cow, what a great buffet.  And speaking of cow, the Wynn served some of the tastiest prime rib outside of SF's House of Prime Rib.  The buffet serves a wide variety of food, all of which was delicious and fresh.  In particular, the seafood and pizza bars stand out.  Everyone waxes poetic about the split Alaskan crab legs, which are indeed meaty and huge, but why talk about the pizza?  Well, the Wynn features a large open pizza oven operated by a pizza guy who is tossing fresh pizzas every few minutes.  We get friendly with him and he offers to make us a personal pizza with whatever we want on it, given the ingredients that he has.  We get a white sauce pizza with sausage, mushrooms, bacon, and spinach- sounds mundane, but it was jaw-droppingly good.  The three of us ended up taking the entire pizza back to the table, where we then proceeded to demolish it within minutes.  The pizza, when fresh out of the oven, featured a crust that was thin and flavorful, crisp yet pliable enough to fold in half.  That pizza, along with the best tandoori chicken I've had outside of an Indian restaurant, succulent cocktail shrimp, deliciously crisp haricot verts, and fabulous dessert bar (I wouldn't be surprised if its the same gelato and sorbet that they sell at Sugar & Ice), made for an extraordinary meal.Steve Wynn is known for being a perfectionist and it shows in the buffet and the little details.  For example, the table cloths were 100% Egyptian cotton and made in Italy.  I believe the silverware were Waterford.  The cocktail shrimp came with both tartar and cocktail sauce.  The entire place is very stylish, from the open kitchen feel of the buffet itself, to the modern, off-kilter stark white square plates and bowls.  The topiaries are made with real fruit, which included mangoes and whole jackfruit.  Service was great and attentive, though slightly slow.Overall, a buffet that outshines all the others in Vegas.  I would highly recommend it to anyone.  I'm definitely making a beeline for it next time I'm in town.
5	Only after trying the Bellagio buffet, do I give Wynn Buffet 5 stars. I had high hopes for the Bellagio, but the Wynn outshined them. The Wynn's had a seemingly larger selection, nicer dining floor area, shorter wait, better service in general. And props for having dungeoness crab legs starting at 4pm. Well worth the price...
3	"A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds." At least, that's what I keep telling myself. Otherwise, why would I keep going to buffets when I don't care for them that much? Maybe it's more like "insanity is performing the same action over and over, but expecting a different result."In any case, I've tried Wynn's buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The restaurant is pretty, and tables are spaced nicely apart. Service is friendly; coffee and drinks arrive promptly. There's a wide variety of food at all meals.What I've tried has generally been decent. For breakfast, that included: a muffin; some sort of smoked fish; two Chinese dishes that I had never heard of before (one with beef, the other I forget); a type of link sausage. The omelet station looked good, there were a lot of fruit and pastries available, as well as Mexican dishes.For lunch, I did a better job of taking notes. I had:*  Prime rib. This was not the traditional whole prime rib, cut into rare pieces by a carver. It was already carved slices of meat, apparently cooked after being sliced. That being said, it was a hit: slightly pink, with a little crispy fat, tender, flavorful. Rating: very good+.*  Jerk chicken. Truly spicy, and not overcooked. Very good.*  Kobe meatballs. Slightly spicy, good texture. Good to very good.*  Smoked sturgeon. Good.*  Tempura rock shrimp. Good to very good.*  Salmon and scallop ceviche. Ok flavor and texture, but nothing special. Good.*  Red snapper. Juicy, good flavor; not overcooked. Very good.*  Roll. Average.Desserts:*  Madelaine. Fair.*  Lemon curd tart. Good. Would have been very good, but the lemon flavor was not sour/intense enough.*  Creme brulee. Surprisingly, the sugar was properly caramelized and crackly. However, the cream was too soft. Good to very good.*  Chocolate mousse with brownie pieces and walnuts. The mousse was not too sweet, with a rich, dark chocolate flavor. The brownie chunks and walnuts were a good addition. Very good.*  Peanut butter cookie with candied peanuts. Good.For dinner, I was too lazy to bother taking notes. There was a wide variety of foods; quality was on a par with lunch.My conclusion? The Wynn buffet is pretty good. In fact, it's better than he other buffets I've tried. For all I know, it's the best, but it's still a buffet. The food is decent but not outstanding, so why bother?
4	The wait was decent (30 minutes for table of 6 on a Friday night), but the price was a little steep for a buffet even though it was gourmet night $40/person. My fave was alaskan king crab, prime rib, freshly made pasta (made at a pasta station), crepes (crepe station!!), shrimp cocktails, etc. The asian food SUCKED, but everything else was really good. Great selection of desserts, seafood, and meats. I will definetely come back again!!
4	my favorite vegas buffet.
4	If you've seen the movie Something New - I'm kinda like the character Kenya...except I'm not an accountant and I'm dubious about the dating the gardener thing...but I do have a list of things that I don't "do": kids, animals, outdoors, extreme heat, fake nails...there's probably more that I'm forgetting.Anyway, buffets used to be on that list.  Until I went here.We got there for Sunday brunch at the perfect time - no wait.  And I couldn't believe that this was a "buffet".  Golden Coral it was not.  Lots and lots of options of pretty good if not delicious food.  Lots and lots of flavor options.  Maybe even too many.  I tried to have a little bit of as much as possible.  Which isn't really possible.  There's just too many options and they're all good.  The desserts - as previous reviews have stated - are very good...but actually not as good as expected.  Service was also wonderful.  I loved the heavy on the champagne mimosas and the prompt cleaning of plates and drink refills.  So - actually buffets in general are still on that list, but the one at the Wynn isn't.  So does anyone know any gardeners?
4	Minus 1 star for the Disneyland wait to actually pay for our meal ... and then another 10 minutes to get seated. But when we got in, we made the most of our $35 meal ticket.3 girls + 12 Alaskan King Crab Legs + a foolproof strategy to get the best food first = Simply Amazing!We grabbed our plates and went for the food that mattered - red wine braised shortribs, shrimp cocktail, the aforementioned crab legs, lamb lollipops, ahi tuna, prime rib and about 6 desserts. The variety of food was superb, but stray away from the cooked fish. It was too dry. The best items were the crab legs and the lamb lollipops.Yes. Happiness! This buffet is beautiful and the hotel is impeccable - I do recommend it even if the price is a bit high.   Walk around the hotel and casino afterward to help your meal digest. There is supposed to be a great water show outside at night.
4	here's the deal....i have never been to a SPECTACULAR BUFFET in Vegas! I wonder if there ever is one? I thought the seafood one at the Rio was pretty good, but honestly how fresh is all that seafood? When it comes down to it, its all about QUALITY and not QUANTITY. They only reason why this pricey buffet $35 per person is getting an extra star is because of the dessert line up! Nothing spectacular here besides the dessert. after a candy apple, creme brulee, flan, a nice gelato selection, banana foster, bread pudding, a variety of cakes, cookies, and brownies... i felt as if i was  part of willa wonka. No cutting corners here in the dessert area :)will i go back? only for desserts.
3	I was not impressed at all with the Wynn's buffet.  I admit, the dessert area was cool, but food-wise?  I expected better.  One of the main things I wanted to try was the lamb chops.  Unfortunately, it wasn't as tasty as I expected.  No flavor, needs more salt and a bit overcooked.  But Im sure they rather over cook then undercook for health reasons.  Heck, lamb chops from Costco tasted better.  Thank goodness our large group didn't have to wait in line because one of our friends went around the hotel asking for line passes and low and behold, he got them!   Mind you I'm not saying it's terrible, but I expected better.  Bellagio and the buffet at the former Alladin still rank higher in my mind.
5	Holy Smokes Batman!!! This has got to be the BEST buffet in Vegas. We got lucky in getting a seat after only waiting 5 minutes or less in line. Well it was 10:30 AM on a Saturday. You have to try the cream puffs and spicy tuna handrolls are amazing. Everything is top-notch and you don't want to miss it. One grip, ask for the middle piece of the prime rib otherwise no flaws. Service was impecible since they closed down our section. My friends and I had that area to ourselves as we played Keno. No we didn't eat til it closed...we left at 12:30 PM.
5	Hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas and best buffet I've ever had. When I go to a buffet, I usually don't think too much about the quality of the food. I just want to pay my money and get full off a variety of food. This was true until I had Wynn buffet. I was amazed at the quality of all their food since it was what I would expect at a normal restaurant. None of the food tastes like it was made in bulk and put under a heat lamp. People complain about it being too pricey, which is not true considering what they serve. A dinner on a normal night is around $35, which is how much you would pay for a couple legs of Alaskan king crab somewhere else. The good thing about Wynn is that its unlimited and F-ing delicious.If you go to Vegas, you HAVE to eat here, or else you would've wasted your vacation.
4	The Buffet at the Wynn is very decent.  As much as im not crazy about buffets, i really enjoyed this one.  Not like youre ordinary boring buffet, they have more delicate dishes in small portions that you can take on a small plate, rather than a big blop of food that you scoop up with a big spoon.  The place is very clean, and the service is great.  The waiters were very good with refilling my drinks and clearing my plates.  I would definitely come back, of course if i can get my ass away from those roulette tables.Gambling is so awesome, i dont even need food
5	Just revisited.Wynn's buffet is now the best buffet overall.  The ice cream is my favorite.  Lots of variety.  Quality is very high and more consistent than Bellagio.
3	** Disclaimer: my experience at The Buffet in the Wynn hotel/casino could be slightly tainted by my experience at the Cirque du Soleil show "Mystere" I attended right before dinner. "Mystere" was way overpriced and way too confusing for me to enjoy. **If I had to use one word to describe The Buffet at Wynn it would be: overrated. At around $35 a person for dinner, with many people claiming it to be the "best buffet in Vegas", I had great expectations for my dining experience at The Buffet. These expectations, however, crumbled under The Buffet's inability to truly "WOW" me.The best item served was definitely the Alaskan King Crab Legs, which are already split for you to pluck out the meat and drench it in strained butter. The pasta station (while not very unique) is also quite fun if you employ a little imagination. I grabbed a bowl of cocktail shrimp and had the chef grill it with garlic, mushrooms and add it to a creamy sauce.But, the brightest spot of the whole night lay probably in the dessert area. The creme brulee was delicious, not too eggy, just the right consistency and it made just the right "crunch" when I broke the delectable candied top. And the homemade ice creams...those were fantastic! The best, by far, was the mango. It tasted almost exactly like a fresh mango, without all the sinewy stuff and without a large seed waiting for you in the middle.The downside of The Buffet, was that most everything else on the menu was average. The prime rib was slightly overcooked and had barely any taste. The sushi was comparable to that of any local supermarket. And, the rest of the desserts were just a step up from Hometown Buffet.All in all, my experience at The Buffet was slightly above average, but the question is: who wants to pay $35 for an above average meal? Alas, my search for the "best buffet in Vegas" must persist. Bellagio...Rio...here I come.
5	This is pretty much a Vegas tradition for my roommates and I.  Everything I try here is good, and there are just as many healthy options as there are indulgent ones.  My favorites include:-thick, fat, bacon that they slice for you-mango sorbet-plethora of different types of ceviche, including a pineapple/mango/scallop-crab legs (dinner only)-scrambled egg whites-seafood bisque-type-thing to be used as gravy over biscuits-incredibly good yogurt parfait...etc
3	When I first came here, I expected this to be the best buffet ever. Nah, I've had much better. It's not bad here, but I wouldn't fork over the money to eat here since I believe its overpriced. The desserts are good. I think they have gelato here but whatever. Theres better buffets out there.
5	Yes, it is $35/person for dinner but you're paying for quality here folks.  My wait on a Monday night was about 35 minutes, not too shabby.  I was very impressed and here are the highlights:a) Alaskan king crab legs (split down the middle so you don't even have to crack it) and butter sauce.  I would seriously just go for the crab...it's worth the $35 to just eat crab.  They're were literally hanging off my plate, Wynn needs to get some bigger plates to hold these babies!!!b) Creme brulee was mouth watering (best I've ever had) and the homemade raspberry and mango sorbet were sweet and authentic.  Even the homemade coffee ice cream  had a strong,  yet amazing flavor.c) The prime rib was cooked perfectly with just the right amount of redness.  Flaked off like butter when cut.My gf had plenty of bread and a corn muffin (not like the cupcake size but a full size corn muffin) and I recommend nobody to ever do this!!!  I mean, the corn muffin was all right but I don't pay $35/person for corn muffins.    The only con of the Wynn buffet was that the sushi was less than average, but I didn't expect much from the sushi.  I can imagine this place getting super busy with a 1-2 hour wait on Friday or Saturday nights so make sure to go early and it's worth a try (even though it's expensive) if you're in town.
3	I wasn't impressed. Having been to the Bellagio's Buffet and Le Village Buffet at Paris, nothing I ate here at the Wynn seems to stand out. On top of that, the automatic 18% gratuity charged on groups of 7+ made it $40 each, more than Bellagio and Paris. By comparison, Paris' dishes are more unique and tastier. The Bellagio's desserts blow this and any other place away. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here when I can go to the Bellagio or Paris for better buffets at a cheaper price, unless you're staying at the Wynn of course, in which case you don't care about the price.
5	I am not as buffet person. Not at all.  I can't stuff my face until my stomach can't take anymore.  I just can't do it.  Buffet food is usually bad, very bad.  The Wynn buffet is a huge exception.  The food is actually good.  I want to try everything.We went for lunch and it was little pricier than most Vegas buffets but it was well worth it.  Everything was fresh.  It was one of the cleanest buffets that I have been to.  Since it was pricer,  there seemed to be liitle or no children or scary nasty people grabbing food with their hands (like at the nasty Luxor buffet).Fresh seafood, congee made to order, meats, cheeses, etc.  I loved the added touch of the white anchovies for the salad.  The homemade yogurt with fresh fruit was amazing.  Ya I know it's only yogurt but it was good!  As for desserts, there was one room dedicated only to desserts.  I loved having the creme brulee made right before my eyes.The only buffet in Vegas that I would eat at again.  Even if it is steep at $35 per person.
3	I don't know why but I wasn't too impressed with the Wynn Buffet. I think it's because I expected too much, considering the price and considering it's Wynn. It's good food, mind you, but the atmosphere was claustrophobic. Service was alright, and it was too crowded/ seats were too close together. The decor was nice and upscale though, but hey it's Vegas.
5	I can't say its the best buffet in Las Vegas since I haven't tried the others.  But my bf said it kicked Rio's buffet's #$@.  All I know is that it was AWESOME!People seem to be freaking out that the buffet costs $35.  Sure, $35 isn't super cheap.  But if you add up the amount of money I would have spent for all the amazing food I had that night (appetizer, dinner, dessert), I would have paid MUCH more at a regular restaurant.  So I actually think it was a VERY good deal that served amazing food.What I ate:Alaskan crab legs (LOTS)Shrimp cocktailPrime ribBraised beefMarinated lamb (w/bone)- my favorite meat productSalad (I got the kind served in these little cups which was PERFECT portions that didn't dirty your entire plate. they also had a regular salad bar)grilled veggiesa bite of a shark fin won-ton thing (i thought it did not taste good but others in my group really liked it)a bite of mahi mahi (served cool)a bite of tandori chicken (lots of curry flavor)bread pudding (OMG, pure heaven)mini creme bruleemini carrot cakea bite of my brothers flan and key-lime pieI love the fact that the desserts come in mini sizes so you can try a bunch of them.  (wish i had the ice cream from what people have been saying...)Pros: My favorite dishes were the pre-cut crab legs and lamb (and ALL the desserts).  Basically everything was really good and I ate everything I put on my plate (rare for a buffet in my opinion)  Quasi-Cons: Of all the food I had everything was delicious, except I wasn't a fan of the shark fin.  And the braised beef had a really nice flavor but not as melt-in-your-mouth as much as I like. The worst part about the night was there were soooo many options I had no idea what to get. (And the ~1 hour wait to eat) But stick with meat and dessert (no carbs) to get your money's worth and you won't be disappointed.
5	I really enjoyed the Wynn Buffet!  I didn't think it was going to be that good, but it was, and next time I"m in Vegas, I"m going straight there.  I think the people who created the Bellagio Buffet also created the Wynn Buffet.  Good choice!  I had a wonderful experience at the Buffet, mainly because I went off season, and the only people around were some computer/tech guys around for a convention.  I sat right in the middle of the beautiful "outside" seating area, where there are HUGE colorful fruit pieces of art hanging from the ceiling and HUGE fruit centerpieces for each table.  If you sit there, you have easy access to the dessert area, so this was the prime place to be!  Note, there's limited seating in this area, so you gotta ask the hostess if you can sit there.  Chances are, they'll say yes.There's a wide selection of different types of food, but what makes the Wynn Buffet stand out is the dessert area!  Especially the make-your-own-gelato sundae!  I went back several times (I"m such a glutton!) to try different types of gelato.  Then I experimented with different toppings.  First the sliced roasted almonds.  Then the cinammon.  Then the candy toppings.  The gelato is really good.  The other baked goods the dessert area looked quite delicious, but by that time, I was feeling pretty stuffed.The price is slightly higher than some other buffets on the strip, but it's not THAT much higher.  So suck it up, pay the $35 and sit for a LONNGGGG time in the "outside" area with all the fruit!
5	Not sure if people have been reviewing the Wynn Breakfast/Brunch buffet, so here's my two cents.I'm so happy my little group woke up early for this. We went for Sunday brunch and got to the restaurant just past 9:30. There were two people ahead of us in line. It was such a relief, because random restaurants at Treasure Island (where we were staying) had lines forming already.  Brunch was ~$28 per person (coffee, juice, tea included), ~$35 per person if you wanted alcohol (Bloody Mary's, Champagne, Mimosas). This place was so pretty. Such a fun time to be had designing your own plate. Oval plates seem so much chicer than round ones, don't you think?Food. Is. Superb. I don't think anyone would go hungry here, even you picky eaters out there. Two rows of pastries and desserts (madeleines, croissants, chocolate croissants, sorbets, bread pudding and crme anglaise, cookies, and mini servings of chocolate cake) for the sweet tooths. For the meat eaters, there's a carving station with prime rib and--wait for it!--glazed slab of bacon. Eggs and eggs benedict and lox and fried chicken are all yours. They have a cooked-to-order omelet chef. There are waffles to be eaten with various preserves and fruits. There are silver dollar pancakes with warm maple syrup.Interesting stations: (1) Congee bar, complete with thousand year old eggs, Chinese fried long donuts (yo tiao in Mandarin); (2) Gazpacho bar, with mix-ins like cucumbers, onions, diced tomatoes; (3) Strawberry bar, with fresh hulled strawberries, julienned mint, cream.My favorites were small servings of yogurt (sweetened with honey, topped with crunchy granola and a whole strawberry) and cups of segmented grapefruit (tossed with a coarse sugar to enhance sweetness and lend texture, topped with a small sprinkle of mint). Good table side service made sure that the drinks were always topped-off and plates were always whisked away when we returned with a new plate. Highly recommended. P.S. By the time we left (~11:30 am), the lines were humongous. Get there early-ish and beat the lines to get in and the lines at the food stations.
2	beautiful spot but if you're there for the food, turn around and head to bellagio.  the buffet's spread was so so and the vegetarian choices were limited at best.  their food was made for buffet style servings - you only want a little bit of this and a little of that, and you surely won't come back for more on your second or third trip.  instead, you'll try something else, in hopes that you'll find something half decent.  but you won't.  the ingredients were great quality but the preparation just plain sucked.  the cooks need to taste their own food before it sending it out to the patrons.  their rice krispies were the only things i liked.
4	Very solid choice. Strong selection of food, good taste and friendly serving staff. I liked the fact that it was not super crowded and you could actually see the food. A bit pricey for a buffet, but an enjoyable experience.
2	Before I begin, if anyone else dined here on the Sunday of Labor Day weekend, please let me know if you also got food poisoning. After a 1hr45min wait to have lunch, we gorged ourselves on all of the foods. We probably sat in the buffet for 2-3 hours of straight eating. I admit, I enjoyed the food. I especially gorged myself on crab, shrimp, eel, and every meat option available. After the buffet, we gambled at the Wynn for a few hours. We accumulated a free buffet due to the players card, but by that point my stomach was churning and we opted to skip a second go at the buffet and instead began our drive back home. IT TAKES 5 HOURS TO DRIVE HOME FROM VEGAS. A lot of that time, there are no bathrooms nearby. Drive home from Vegas + 2 people with food poisoning in the middle of the night = the worst type of hell. I think I am turned-off from buffets for life. Or  at least until the next time I go to Vegas. I make no promises.
3	We went there for the breakfast/brunch on a Sunday. Pretty good food, but the wait was horrible, a bit over an hour standing there hungry. If you go early (i.e. before 9), it's supposed to be a lot faster. The made to order omelettes were pretty good, and the bacon was crispy, as were the waffles. I don't recommend the cupcakes, however, they taste like they came out of a box. The other baked goodies and breads were good. We didn't try any of the seafood, and the prime rib was decent but not great. The fruit salad was better than other places, but we had a hard time finding good fruit in Vegas.The price includes juice, sodas, coffee or tea, but if you want an espresso drink of some sort, they charge you extra and have to go to the bar, which means a long wait.The servers were good and very friendly.For a buffet, it was pretty decent, but don't expect gourmet restaurant cuisine. Lovely hotel though.
5	By far, the best buffet I've had in Vegas. Yeah, it's a bit pricey, but you really do get what you pay for. For those of you from the bay area, their prime rib was 10x better than that at the House of Prime Rib. A smaller selection than your average buffet, but that just means that they specialize in what they make. My favorite dish was this seafood ceviche..yum! And don't forget their dessert..their red velvet cupcakes were really really good. The wait can get long, so plan to be there an hour prior to your expected meal time. But whatever, it was totally worth the wait, and I would definitely wait and pay to eat here again.
4	Well, it's been some time since my last review...have no fear I about to write another!!!  LOL!! recently I have spun through quite a few buffets in town and by far I have to say the Wynn Hotel has the best in town...The display in food was beautiful, didnt look all crunchy so to speak!! LOL! It was fresh and the peolpe there were so nice...They had a variety of foods to choose from..not to mention the desserts!!!! ooowee!! lil pricey but! It's so worth it!!! It was good foods!! I highly recommend it! The hotel itself is beautiful, if you have never been here, it's a must to visit!! If your feeling like a refreshing drink  I recommend going to the bar located down stairs, the bar has an outdoor seating area which sits on water and every hour or so they have a mini show on the water...a very romantic ambiance ..stunning at night!  Mohito's there are refreshing and delicious...!!!!! again a lil pricey but, well worth the money not to mention the experience!!! :)
3	tuna - 2 starsmahi mahi - 3 starssea bass - 4 starsoso busco - 4 starsprime rib - 3 starsravioli - 3 starsbasmate rice - 4 starssmoked salmon - 3 starstuna ceviche - 3 starsspicy tuna rolls - 2 starsare you fucking kidding me - no. there's more...lamb kabob - 3 starsfried chicken - 3 starsbread pudding - 4 starscoffee ice cream - 5 starsbanana flamb - 3 starsit was obscene.this dialogue really took place in our table."the trick is to stay away from pasta and carbos. start with the seafood as warm up. work your way to the red meats, poultry,  and then go for the kill with the pasta. take a breather. unbuckle the belt. have a cup of tea. and then top it off with dessert in the end." i shoulda known nothing good will come out of a meal that requires a game plan. i'm gonna throw up now.
5	Hey, as far as buffets go, it's tough to really give any of them 5 stars, because you'll almost never have as good a meal as you would at a normal sit down restaurant.That being said, the first thing I said when I saw the options available to me at the Wynn was "wow." Basically, if you can think of a type of cuisine, it's pretty much here. Honestly, I wish I could remember everything I ate and give you a play by play like Raymond G., but I filled up FIVE plates with food. Yeah, I said FIVE.It is a little on the pricey side. I think it was like $35. But, holy hell. If ever a buffet was worth $35, this is it. I mean, really, if you decide to eat here, and you should, just gorge the fuck out of yourself. Seriously. Just give your belly a pep talk beforehand and be like, "OK... stomach, I know you can do this! Now let's go out there and eat the pants off this place!"I mean, what the hell? Why choose between crab legs, pasta, chicken curry and prime rib when you can shove it all down your throat simultaneously!I admit, not all the food was a home run. But I'm giving 5 stars for the sheer variety. For someone like me who always has a hard time deciding what I want to eat, this place is like heaven/hell. I left very very happy.
5	I don't eat buffet very often, but I do eat food everyday and pretty much everything at this buffet was DELICIOSO! The seafood and the dessert areas of the buffet were very popular. I mean who doesn't like to eat king crab legs dredged in clarified butter followed by a mouthful of a chocolate crepe filled with caramelized bananas?Everything was to perfection and there was so much seating. The waiter was a little slow with my Budweiser, but I was too busy getting up to get seconds to care. There is a wait however for The Buffet. You stand in this lame carnival style queue that weaves back and forth. At least they don't bombard you with pictures of the food because you might kill your neighbor waiting. Also if you are with a large party, you may have to split up to get seated faster. I can't wait to go back to Vegas to eat at The Buffet.
3	Overrated.I'd like to be edgy and end my review there, but then you wouldn't know WHY I believe this buffet is overpriced and has a higher Yelp review than it deserves.  It's good, it's fine, etc.  But it's not great.  It's not worth the $40 (price w/ tax) for dinner.A friend swore this place was the best buffet ever, and we'd never been to the Wynn, so it was a good excuse to go.  The atmosphere is really cool.  And the food presentation is nearly immaculate.  But about half the things we tried (there were three of us) looked better than they tasted.  Several dishes were bland, several desserts too dry.  I was super pumped to see red velvet cupcakes -- that crumbled into a mess when you try to eat it.  Not worth $40.Service was OK.  It started out good, but pretty soon I was walking over to the server table to refill my own water glass because the one employee in our section never even looked our way after 10 minutes of waiting for a damn refill.  Where was our server?!  Turns out, she skipped out to do who knows what, but she totally got in trouble in front of everyone when she returned.  Anyway, maybe service is regularly OK, but it sucked mostly for us.I know this review is mostly negative, yet I'm still giving three stars.  It's still above average.  But I would highly suggest coming here for a meal other than dinner -- way too costly for what you get.  I'm going back the Bellagio buffet next time.
5	Hands down, the best buffet we've had.  5 stars for a buffet?  Absolutely.They had a huge selection of food and the quality of each item they had was excellent.  It was the first time where I sat down at a buffet and ate as if I was eating a 5 course meal.  We started with appetizer, soup, salad, and moved on to main course, and dessert.  There was so much stuff there, that we don't think we were even able to taste them all.  My wife really loved it, and it takes a lot to impress my wife with food.Atmosphere was good and service was good as well.  We did have to wait about 30-40 minutes (I'm sure this wasn't that long) before being seated, but it was worth it.  It is expensive for a buffet, but it was worth every penny.  The Wynn itself was amazing.. they had this display of a lit waterfall reflecting over a pool.  It made people just stop and stare in awe.  The whole place was like that.. We didn't spend enough time at their casino nor their resort/hotel to write a review, but I'm sure one day we will.
4	I was almost tempted to give 5 stars, just for the glazed bacon alone, sliced from a slab of which I have never seen an equal. Hubby and I are now forever spoiled. Oscar Meyer, we spit on you. The rest of the Wynn Sunday Brunch was mostly good, with a few distinct low points.The good: the eggs benedict, sushi, chilled shrimp, yogurt (very fresh tasting- no gelatin there!), prime rib, crusty french rolls, and the dark chocolate mini tarts with a piece of gold leaf on top.The seriously questionable: fried chicken (the chef is a pepper monkey), the smoked trout (SO very fishy tasting), and most of the other desserts. Now, I used to be a pastry and bread baker for a restaurant and catering company, so you can trust my palate. The "vanilla" cupcake was the worst offense, with a strange taste and weird crumb, and to top it all off, a piped swirl of butter. No, not butter-cream, like you would expect. It was whipped butter, with maybe a teaspoon or two of powdered sugar in it. The service was attentive, and the seating was such that you did not feel like you were in a cafeteria.  Worth the price? For the bacon alone, yes.
5	Buffets are usually always a hit or miss.  Rarely are they consistent in the quality of food, and rarely do they warrant the hefty price tag that comes with them.  The Wynn Buffet exceeds all expectations I've ever had for a buffet.For years the standard has always been the Bellagio Buffet.  The endless seafood selection, the hordes of crab legs and cocktail shrimp, fancy desserts, good meats,  etc.  All that for a hefty price of $40+.  however ever since the Wynn opened up, there is a new standard set on the strip for me.The line is hellacious to get in, but it's so worth it.  With sixteen.....yes....SIXTEEN different cooking stations making fresh food for you left and right along with the 10+ cultural cuisines, there is something for everyone here.  Nothing here is what I'd consider "filler", but actually things you will want to try at least once.You have your standard carving stations w/ your standard prime rib and ham, however they throw in some lamb, some tri-tip, some tenderloin, and why not a turkey as well.  Come of the cooking stations include a fresh make your own Thai soup (i.e. Tom Yum!), pasta stations, Asian noodle, Mongolian BBQ, and so much more.  The dessert station is just so cruel.  The layout forces you through the room w/ the dessert station before you hit the main row of hot dishes.  It's like the buffet gods taunting you...."Yes....see what you can top your meal off with...if you have any room left.....MUWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"  Well you know what I say to those gods?  Screw you, I'll eat dessert first!!!  HA!  Take that!  And yes, dessert would be a great starter too!  From the mini creme brulee's, fresh crepes, gellato, mini pies, and various cakes and cookies, your sweet tooths will curse you the moment you step out of the restaurant.The service is really good here too all three times I've been.  Drinks are always full w/o having to ask, plates removed in a timely fashion, and everything is clean and in order.  Worth the price of admission and the wait, and the new pair of pants you'll have to buy for the next month, along with that gym membership.
5	Dude. We were here for a late champagne brunch, and left when it was dinner.That's 3 hours of eating!! http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/EZzESk6Qe_8YIYexzmOXaQ/lMoney well spent.My father taught me well.p.s. This buffet is vegan approved. Not that I am one or anything...
3	It's a decent buffet.  I guess I wasn't really blown away 'cause I've been to the Bellagio buffet before and it's pretty similar, but this place is definitely better than your average Vegas buffet.  Maybe I wasn't as impressed as my companions since the unlimited crab legs was the big winner for them and I'm not really into crab.Since I wanna make the most of my money but not collapse from overeating, I ate mostly seafood and red meat, skipping the carbs and the chicken.  I had 2 rounds of sushi, ceviche, and smoked salmon, taking care to remove all the rice from the nigiri so I have some sashimi. :)  I then sampled some meats and got the prime rib, rack of lamb, this other lamb dish, and veal.  I gotta say the prime rib was the best dish for me (especially since I didn't eat any crab legs), and definitely rivals prime rib I've had at good steakhouses like House of Prime Rib.  The desserts were ok, I loved the red velvet cupcakes, but thought that the creme brulee was meh (Bellagio buffet's was better).I'm not sure if buffets are really for me (especially not since I've been on weightwatchers), but as far as buffets go, this is one of the better ones.  At least I still got to eat my money's worth.  Next time though, I'd rather spend my $40 on a normal restaurant for less food but higher quality.
4	This is currently my fav buffet in Vegas.  I think the quality of food here is much better than any other place along with the general atmosphere.  My wife still prefers Paris but after going there so many times..I'm just done with it.  This is good eatin right here.  I would put Bellagio 2nd to this.  Best thing to do is make it a one meal day and show up a bit before 3:30 which is when the lunch goes into dinner.  You will save yourself $15 and they break out all the dinner stuff in a few minutes!!
4	Tonsof selection, yes the crab legs where the highlight. Prime rib was over done but there was plenty of other options to choose from. I thought the dessertselection was better than the food selections personally but that is just me. It was pricy but worth the experiance. I would go hungry, you have a lot of food to work though.
4	First of, the place is just beautiful, the decor! so unlikely for a buffet, but just right... of course you are not there to eat the flowers, so lets talk about the food, OMG! its delicious, and you have enough options to wish you had an extra stomach. Enjoy!Tip: I dont know how longer this deal will continue, but for now, if you sign up for the Red Card (the Players Club) and get 500 points you get 2 free buffets.
4	Champagne/Bloody Mary brunch is well worth the extra dollars as evidenced by my frequent need to pee.The variety of food was pretty tasty as evidenced by my desire to stuff my face to the point of wanting to poo in the middle of the meal so I could eat more.they had at least five different ceviches, porridge, and an omelet station.  (the velvet cupcake was not very good though)AND if its good enough for Sarah Michelle Geller and Freddie Prince Jr., its good enough for me.  (we saw them there eating, who knew Buffy would be down for a buffet).
4	Honestly, I can't stand buffets.  I don't eat much to begin with, and usually buffet food just sits in food warmers forever, with people poking at it many times, and it just looks gross after awhile.  BUT... Wynn Buffet is a totally different experience!First off the decor is wonderful and you don't feel like you're in a cheap buffet.  It wasn't very crowded either, so I assume they control the numbers so you don't feel like you're fighting for your food.  I felt the table service was very prompt and friendly as well.Now for the food.  I went straight to the seafood section of course and got an enourmous pile of king crab legs.  Fantastic!  The crab alone was well worth the $34.  The selection here is amazing.  It's not just your ordinary buffet food, it's better quality and finer selections.  The food is always fresh since they dont have much sitting out at a time, and the flavors are much more refined.  The prime rib was just ok, but they had so many other choices!  Lamb osobuco, veal chops, mahi mahi, red snapper, ceviche bar, etc.  The options seemed endless and everything looked so appetizing.  Of course at some point I had to stop and save room for dessert (my fav part of any meal).Dessert was quite good with a variety of cakes, creme brulee, ice cream and sorbets.  I was expecting a little bit more from the dessert selection, but overall it was good quality and everything tasted great.  I guess I can't complain about all you can eat dessert!If I must come to Vegas and eat at a Buffet again in the future, I'd probably return to the Wynn.  I'd much rather spend the extra bucks to eat here and at least enjoy my dinner than be grossed out at a cheaper, more average buffet.
5	After a disastrous experience at the Bellagio buffet, we felt as if we had to redeem ourselves by going to a good one.  Our friends said that the buffet at the Wynn was good so we decided to give it a chance.  This place is nothing short of amazing.  They had an omelette station where you could pick your own ingredients.  The sushi there was alright but what do you expect from buffet sushi?  All in all the food was great.  Too bad we didn't stay at the hotel so we couldn't get line cutting privileges.
4	I'm not a buffet person b/c I don't ever think I can eat enough to make it worthwhile to eat at a $35 buffet. Brunch prices are $28.95 + tax  ($31.19) for just the buffet, but if you want a bloody mary or champagne with it, tack on another $5. I opted for no alcohol since the night before still haunted me... $31.19 + tip is what I paid in the end- so assume with tip this buffet will run you at least $35, but probably more...They had ceviche, shrimp, a VERY small selection of sushi, lots of fruits, prime rib, ribs, breakfast foods, etc... The best thing there was their baby belgium waffels of the square variety with fresh berry compote... drizzled with a little honey or maple toppled with strawberries (you have to go to the fresh fruit section for this), but it was amazingly good... the dessert section was mmm good... they had house made fresh coconut ice cream-- with crunchy wafers mixed all up in there-- OMG- that is my one true vice-- coconut ice cream... and then you throw flaky wafers in there for added crunch? You've found my stomach's G spot. :) Overall food was pretty good, but the sweet yumminess that was their ice cream and waffles was the kicker. I'm not sure if I'd do a buffet again, but i'm glad I did this one.
4	I would give this buffet a 4.5 rating.  Wynn's buffet is definitely one of the best ones I've been to in Las Vegas.  I went for lunch, but was able to stay past 330 when they started bringing out dinner food (hahaha).  For lunch they served huge jumbo shrimp, ceviche (even the shrimp in the ceviche was big), cali rolls, prime rib, asian food, etc.  For dinner they started bringing out the big daddy king crab legs, and lamb chops.  the lamb was smokin delicious.  In total, my friends stayed there from 1:30pm to around 4pm.  The service was excellent as well.  Highly recommend it if you're ready to stuff your face in some good food.
3	Waited about 3 hours in  four Thanksgiving buffet food here. Was it worth waiting that long? No. The food was alright for the most part. I did eat a lot though since it wasnt that bad. The desert section was the best part. Yay for food coma.
4	Great Buffet...clean, quick turnover, high quality food. The wait is intense....we went for Thanksgiving dinner around 4:45 PM and waited about an hour and a half. By the time we left the wait was well over 3 hours. I will warn you that the buffet is heavy on the seafood. I had wonderful butternut squash and apple soup, pumpkin gnocci with sage and browned butter, and lots of dessert. I had some salad too, but not impressive. The desserts are great, they even have lots of sugar free options. Its worth the money, just make sure to go hungry.
2	I thing this buffet is a waste of money and time.Don't get me wrong, I am a big fan of Wynn Hotel and Casino. Also, the buffet has really High Quality food and I'm sure they are healthy too. But, they are not at all delicious, not even the desserts!!! If I'm in Vegas for only 2/3 days, I'm definitely not wasting my short period in Wynn Buffet anymore. There are other places which are at least 10 times better then this. Paris (Le Village Buffet) for example.
4	As buffets go this i think is the best as its not the same food over and over again Which annoys me as you shouldn't get little people like me exited then let them down. The food is high end and the desserts are amazing and in there own Little enclave in the middle,Try the toffee apples!! yumThe actual dinning area is really airy and light and the yes its sad but the cutlery and plates etc were really funky and not the norm. Well done Mr Wynn..
4	We went for a regular lunch buffet in Wynn, it's not bad but I feel it's a bit expansive for what they offered.  I do love the presentation and dinnerware used, it just made the buffet look more fancy and classy.  I didn't try every food since I just had a big champagne bunch the day before and we opt for something lighter.  The grill fish was good, I especially like the mahi mahi, tuna and red snapper, pizza looked nice but it wasn't warm enough by the time I got it, I know it will sound odd but my favorite dish was the grill corn on the cob, the seasoning was just right to bring out the sweetness of the corn.  The desert was my favorite part of the buffet, it has the best coffee ice cream and the chocolate tart was to die for.  I will go back next time for dinner or champagne bunch for sure.
5	WOW!  As soon as you walk into this buffet it's amazing.  We went there for lunch while in Las Vegas running the marathon and were not disappointed.  The cost was reasonable ($21.95 for lunch), but well worth it.  Not your typical buffet fare, with selections I've never seen before.  And their desert section was awesome.I particularly liked the portion sizes.  Normally at buffets you portion sizes are so big you can't really just try a lot of different items, but here they are very reasonably sized so we could try something and not feel bad if we didn't eat it all.  Loved the mahi mahi and salmon and the make-your-own fajitas were great.  I would totally recommend this buffet to anyone.
4	We were very impressed with this buffet during our last visit.  Most definitely, the Wynn does the job when it comes to making every food into a gourmet dish that could have easily been served as an entree (or an appetizer).  Case in point was the gazpacho.  I don't think we've ever had an a la carte gazpacho that tasted so good.  We could taste the ground apples and other ingredients - it was so fresh.The shrimp cocktail (for those fellow shrimp fans) were jumbo and, ginormous.  The King Crab legs were fairly decent, but not over-the-top astounding.  The seafood selection was definitely decent.  However, the draw to the Wynn is not the untouched foods such as the crab legs or the salmon, but that which takes effort to create (e.g., some of the pasta, the soups, and I have never seen pizza at a buffet look so delectable).The reason I did not give this five stars, however, was because I still prefer the Bellagio buffet, despite the Wynn's impressive high-end ambience and food preparation.  I believe the Bellagio does it best when it comes to the raw ingredient quality - from the variety of king to dungeness crab, to the Scottish salmon.
4	My friend suggested coming here to eat while in Vegas. Of course I balked because i'm not much of a food person and I'm not a big buffet person.  I hate stuffing my face to the point where I feel uncomfortable.After losing a 100$ cause I bet on the Warriors, I came here to drown my sorrows.  Sure it cost us around $36 bucks for dinner but hey, I figured why not see what a $36 buffet taste like.  It i wasn't satisfied, I can say at least I had a 36$ buffet.What an assortment of food!!! Too bad i'm not a big foodie and coming here definitely opened my eyes on all kinds of different foods.  I'm pretty embarassed I didn't know/or hear of any of these different dishes.  They had crab legs, prime rib and all kinds of other good stuff.  You can definitely tell the difference between this type of buffet and other buffets i've had in Vegas (Boardwalk... YAYYYY!!).  You can taste the freshness versus the other guys.Desserts were ok but I guess being stuffed always sours me on getting desert.  I had a pretty solid sugar cookie and some fruit but avoided the ice cream that my friend was raving about. Oh well.Overall, a pretty damn good buffet if you enjoy food.  The one negative is that it's pretty expensive for a buffet.
5	Wow, this was one great buffet! This was our first meal on our trip to Vegas last week and it was a great start to our vacation. Even better, we got the buffets free. If you sign up for Wynn's Red Card and earn 25 points (which both of us did spending around $25 each) you get a free buffet - worth $33 each!! The food was so good though, that I wouldn't have complained if I did pay full price.As many other reviews have already said, the choices are amazing and the quality and presentation outstanding. Highlights:Loin lamb chopsTandoori chickenCrab legs (so sweet butter wasn't necessary)Prime ribCoconut icecreamCaramel eclairsAvoid these:Any cooked fish (all dry and flavorless)Ceviche (tasted only of citrus)Service at dinner was very attentive; barely pushed a plate aside and it was wisked away so I didn't have to bear witness to my gluttony.Returned for breakfast on our last day. Service wasn't quite as efficient but was acceptable. Outstanding selection of breakfast fare. My favorite - the huge bowl of fresh raspberries and the guacamole (not together tho!!). They had great bacon, 4 kinds of sausage, lots of egg dishes, homemade granola was very tasty. Also had Mexican and Asian selections for those who like non-breakfast food (to Americans anyway).If we had time, I would have gone back again for lunch. We finished up breakfast just as they switched over to lunch food but I was too stuffed with breakfast to even try anything. Main difference I could see between lunch and dinner was more soups, salads at lunch, no crab legs and leg of lamb rather than chops. Any meal of day this place would be well worth a visit. Thanks Yelpers for cluing me in to the best buffet in Vegas.
5	what other buffet on the strip has candied apples?thats all you need to know about this buffet.
3	We had stopped by here on Christmas Eve only to find that the wait for the buffet was 4 hours. WTF??? So, we decided to come back on Christmas Day as soon as it opens and get in.Christmas morning, we arrived in line for the buffet at 11:07am (7 minutes after it opened) and there was a long line already. So what do we do? We get in line. I hate buffets. I hate waiting in line even more. However, it WAS Christmas and I did agree to hubby's request of wanting to eat here. He's been wanting to eat at the Wynn buffet the last few times we visited but I said no.So there we were standing in line. Mind you, this isn't even the the line leading into the buffet. This was the line against the wall on the opposite side of the buffet. This is where you get a full view of all the people eating INSIDE in the dining room and all you can do is wait.The line moves slowly. Luckily a friend was with us and so we were chatting. When the Wynn girls walked around passing out complimentary bottled water I was highly impressed and decided that the hotel was superb in customer service but still, the damn buffet better be mindblowingly good (yeah Frank K -- his suggestion for the Wynn buffet) to compensate for this waiting.Believe it or not, but exactly 2 hours later we were at the front of the line, but not before forking over 50 bucks per person (lil guy was half price) tax included to go in for the "Christmas Feast".After we were seated, we made our way to the buffet. I was impressed by the lack of pushing and shoving along the buffet line. In fact, there just seemed to be very few people in the dining area. It then dawned on me that they make you wait because they didn't want their dining area to look and feel like a cafeteria which is essentially what a buffet is all about. This way, it still feels extremely civilized even though you're going through the lines like you do at a cafeteria and helping yourself to food.PROS: Peel and eat shrimps were already peeled and were large instead of the regular miniature sized ones you get at other buffets. The Alaskan King crab legs were fresh and not frozen. There was also smoked salmon, white anchovies, smoked trout and other smoked fish. Lobster/shrimp bisque was excellent.CONS: Although there was an abundance of meat such as lamb chops, the chops were overcooked and really dry. I was so disappointed that they ruined the lamb chops. The prime rib was rather good but again, I only like the end piece and it was really dry like jerky. The lamb shank was again over cooked.There was also Chinese food including a few items of dim sum and roasted duck, Italian selections (which included thin crust pizza -- lackluster), a fish station with things such as halibut wrapped in bacon and a soup station. Like I said the bisque was fabulous but the french onion was way too salty. I think the Wynn uses really great ingredients to put their buffet together, but the execution of it was poor. They ruined great cuts of meat by overcooking and ruined the ceviches by bad marinades. For 50 bucks I had expected a lot more. The variety was very minimal as well for the 50 dollar price tag. I had expected a lot more variety especially since it was called a "Christmas Feast".  The regular dinner buffet is usually 10 dollar less but even so, if this was all they served I would say at 40 bucks a pop it was overpriced as well.The desserts were hit and miss. The creme brulees were torched on site before placing on the shelves, but the creme itself was watery. The sorbet and gelato were also hit and miss in flavor depending on which one you got. I did enjoy the cheesecake and the sago (tapioca) pudding.To have waited 2 hours for this meal garners it a mediocre rating at best. Not worth a 2 hour wait and definitely not worth its 50 dollar price tag.
3	The 2 hour wait plus the $50 price tag for this buffet was not worth it. Even after the 3 creme brulees I ate.I blame Frank K.
3	We went to the Wynn Buffet for dinner the day after Christmas. At around 4pm, the line was just at the entrance, which I was told, made for an hour and 15 minute wait. We checked back at around 4:40pm and they had started a secondary line across the hallway. There were about 6 groups ahead of us in the secondary line. Took us about 1 hour and 30 minutes to get to the pay station and another 15 minutes to get seated at our table.Setting: Very nice setting overall. The tables were adequated spaced so that you were not bumping into people at the other tables. The food stations were efficiently divided with virtually no wait except for the seafood/crab leg station. The wait at the crab leg station was about 10 minutes. However, they were constantly replenishing the crab legs, so you don't have to worry about running out or getting the leftover remnants. The other stations were divided into salad, soup, hot fish and meats, carving (prime rib and rack of lamb), Chinese/Asian, pasta, vegetables, and seafood/sushi.Wait staff: fairly efficient and friendly, delivered drinks fairly quickly, and removed dishes ok.Noise level: average for a buffet.Strategy: With the exception of the crab legs, get very small amounts of everything that interest you. After you have decided what is really tasty and worth the calories, concentrate on those items. Otherwise, you'll fill yourself on poor quality items and not have room for the good stuff. Another strategy to consider is have one person in your party stock up on a pile of shrimp and crab legs for your entire party (there is no limit on how many you can get at one time), sparing everyone else the wait in line. Food: Overall, for a buffet, the food was pretty good. They used high quality ingredients and there was small enough portions that food was being replenished on a regular basis. The rack of labs was pretty good, mostly moist and meaty. Did not try the prime rib. The rest of the meat and seafood dishes were somewhat dried out, with the exception of the halibut. Tried the lamb neck T bone, grilled pork chops, veal, salmon, and couple other fish dishes. All were dried out from being in the steam tables for too long (can't seem avoid this problem at any buffet). The sushi was pretty plain, could get better sushi at Whole Foods. The shrimp were large and peeled (but to be honest, can't do much to ruin plain shrimp). The crab legs were large and abundant.  The desserts were pretty good. The homemade ice cream and sorbets were good, tried their chocolate, vanilla and coffe. The pastries were ok, not much better than most other buffets. The cookies were a couple notches better than average. Overall, this is the best buffet I've tried both in Las Vegas and other towns. However, given the price of $40 per person, would not consider it a bargain if you look at the cost per quality of food. You can probably get much better meal off the strip at some non-buffet restaurant. However, if you want to sample a number of different items, want some quality with your quantitiy, want to stuff yourself on nothing but crab legs and shrimp, desire a fairly nice setting, don't mind the wait, and are stuck on the Strip, then the Wynn buffet is a serious consideration. Considering the other buffets available, might as well get some quality with the calories.The three stars is for the better than average food for a buffet, highest cost of any buffet, and the average wait in line.
4	We waited about an hour and a half for a table, but it was worth it. The crab legs are great and the food was all much better than any other buffets I've been to and I typically hate buffets. The desserts were also fantastic. Go for a creme brulee and get some ice cream. Yum!
3	It's 3 stars. I think doing a fine dining option is a better deal than eating at the Wynn buffet because it tries to be a fine dining buffet but it's just not possible to make quality food on an industrial level.The fact that we paid 50 bucks for it was crazy. We could've gotten a truly outstanding sit down meal for that price.
3	As buffets go, not bad. $37 plus tax is pretty steep, but most dishes were well conceived and well prepared, variety was great, and much of the food could have actually stood alone as a dish at a non-buffet. This was a bit of a surprise to me. We ate on a Saturday night, and there was not enough staff to support the crowd, so I did come back to an empty plate more than once, and getting drink refills was impossible, even after asking. It gets knocked down a star just for that.The braised duck salad was one of the highlights for me, and certainly my favorite salad selection. The "cups" of salads offered near the shellfish counter (I guess people go for the crab legs right off the bat, and can't be bothered to walk to the other end) were ok, but were too tough to eat out of the cup.The four seviches offered was a nice touch, although the rock shrimp one was nothing special. The squid was nicely done, with strips of squid, cucumber, onion, and tomato all fitting the same form. I opted out of the four soups offered as somewhat standard fare (chicken noodle, clam chowder, red pepper bisque, and a fourth I can't remember), but the "white gazpacho", made from white grapes, parmesan, and some other stuff I could not identify, was one of the best things I ate all night.The pumpkin gnocchi were of a very nice texture, to my pleasant surprise, and the sauce, while I felt it could use far more sage, was nice. The lamb osso bucco did not seem like it had been braised for long enough, and while the flavor was quite good, the meat was tough and very difficult to remove from the bone.The item I was most excited about on my first walk through to look at everything was the rack of wild boar. Not so good. I got one chop from the end, which was pretty tough, and one from the middle, which was nicely cooked. The only flavors I picked up were wild boar, salt, and pepper; it would have benefited from a dry rub, marinade, or crust of some sort. The lamb chops were perfectly cooked and seemed better seasoned than the boar, but I would have rather enjoyed better wild game. The tandoori chicken was well done, and there was nothing special about the fried chicken, but as I was trying to select sections of dark meat from the trays of each, I could not tell for the life of me what cuts I was pulling. They obviously do not butcher their chickens traditionally, and it looked like someone may have just stood at the chopping block waving a couple of cleavers and a bunch of chickens. This made eating around the bones a new and interesting affair, neither good nor bad.The fish selections did not stand up to the quality of the rest of the buffet. I know it's hard to make fish en masse, but they could have done better. The tuna was actually not cooked totally through (a good thing), but the other three were just hammered.For $40 a person, I would recommend finding somewhere else to sit down, unless you have your heart set on a buffet. Even for a few bucks more within the Wynn, you could do a lot better.
5	Two words: "crab legs"Reminiscent of the Bellagio,  Wynn's "The Buffet" is as classy as they get. From giant crab legs to gourmet thin crust pizza, you'll have a hard time not stuffing yourself.  The selection is vast and very well organized. Dessert items include: fresh ice cream with customizable toppings, candied apples, New York-style cheesecake, and a host of other cake/cookie/pastry offerings.The wait staff was very prompt in refilling drinks and removing finished plates. Overall, I'd give this place 6 stars if there were such a rating -- best buffet on the strip.
4	As much as I hate buffets, you're missing out if you don't go to at least one in Vegas.  I must say the Wynn has the best quality food out of any buffet i've had.  Generally they have stations inspired by global themes, in particular asian, italian, mexican etc.  While the pure number of items might be less than Bellagio, the quality was significantly better.  For dessert, the homemade ice cream was amazing!  On Saturday and Sundays they have champagne brunch which is great... nothing like unlimited boozin in the morning, mimosas here I come!  All in all, the buffet is the quintessential Vegas experience, and no better place right now than the Wynn.
4	Best buffet on the strip hands down.  There is everything you could ever want to eat....a yelper's paradise :)The main draw would be the crab legs.  (check out my pics)Try it and you won't be disappointed!
4	I've heard that the buffet at the Wynn is the best in Vegas, and we wanted to try it out last time we were in Vegas, but the line was like 50 people deep. You'd think they were serving gold on a platter for the length of the wait!!Well we were able to eat here last week on our whim Vegas trip, and it IS pretty deeeeelish. The mashed potatoes are YUM, and the pasta station's alfredo sauce is amazing. The overall food selection was pretty good, and the quality of the food was much better than that of the buffet at Bellagio (their rival, so I've heard). Everyone seemed to enjoy their crag legs too. I'm not even really a big fan of crab, and I thought it tasted good. If you're hungry and ready to stuff yourself silly, this is the buffet to try!!
4	Disclaimer: I am not much of a buffet person.  The idea of eating  endless amounts of food (with the knowledge that there are many hungry people in the world) does not quite sit well with me.  I just had to try the Wynn buffet because the hubby would not stop talking about how he loved the bread pudding from his last Vegas trip.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We went for lunch on a Monday and there were no line - at all.  We were seated in the Alice-in-Wonderland meets Steve Wynn kitch atrium.  I have to say, it was quite nice.  My favorites were the pulled-pork (on top of of crunchy toast with light and fluffy fried onion rings) and the salad on cups.  The dessert selection was vast and the service very good (for a buffet) - they re-filled by ice tea five times!If you are to do the buffet thing in Vegas, the Wynn is definitely the place to go.
5	I love The Buffet, it is the best on the strip in my opinion, a little more expensive than the others but well worth it.  Dinner is probably the best value with wonderful alaskan crab legs that flavor and texture wise are like stone crab claws.  It literally has everything, the prime rib is amazing, if they have the lamb with the mint apricot jelly, be sure to try it.  Even the simple things like the corn bread muffins are outstanding.  Even if you're not the buffet type (and I'm usually not) this is the place to try.
4	We did the lunch/dinner combo. Arrived at 2:50PM. Began by eating lunch. We took our time since we've had a little bit of recent experience eating at buffets. Anyway, there was a pretty wide selection and everything tasted really fresh. The setting was more spread out and cleaner looking. The lunch was pretty average, but the dinner was worth the lunch price. There was lamb cooked 3 ways. That was pretty nice. There was also alaskan crab legs or something. The Italian food all tasted really good. The prime rib was so so good. Huge pieces. The dessert all good. A large selection including creme brulee and key lime pie. We finally left at 4:15PM. It was insane staying there that long. Totally worth it. You definitely have to try it out.
3	For dinner, there is a wide selection with soups, salads, seafood ceviche, pizzas, italian dishes (ravioli, gnocchi, red sauce pasta, italian sausage), pasta bar, pork chops, carved turkey, lamb chops, prime rib, Asian station, sushi station, Indian station, cocktail shimp, kng crab legs, and dessert bar. I'm sure you'll find something you like. The prime rib was pretty bloody, it was done like rare to medium rare. The king crab legs were very SALTY and some legs had ice crystals in it still. They probably make it salty on purpose so you drink a bunch of water and get full. Hey, they still gotta run a business, right? Compared to the  Bellagio, Wynn dessert bar was disappointing. The selection was not a big, the homemade vanilla ice cream was flavorless, and worst of all, the crepe station SUCKED! The crepe was all doughy, the fillings selection sucks, and they don't even have nutella. Also, the only fresh fruits served were honey dew, cantalope, and watermelon. They had strawberries, pears, pineapple, and lychee, but all were soaked in syrups. For the price, I don't think I would come here again.
3	I will have to agree with most of the posts on here: The Wynn buffet is very expensvie compared to most, has many gourmet dishes that would be better off not sitting under heat lamps and has amazing shrimp and crab legs.  Since moving to Las Vegas, we have hit several of the local buffets so I can without a doubt say that the crab legs and shrimp alone are worth the price of admission.  The Wynn slices their crab legs in half so there is no cracking or picking required.  They also serve their shrimp peeled and deveined for less mess.  Sure, other places do the same, but their shrimp are small (Hilton), too wet or rubbery.  These are perfectly cooked, cocktail-size shrimp.  The Wynn will also serve you a HUGE portion of prime rib, which I will agree is a bit on the bloody side.  Do yourself and favor and hit the crab legs and shrimp FIRST, then make the rest of your circuit.  For the price you are paying, eat yourself sick on the best stuff early.  And skip the sushi & pizza- it's mediocre at best.  For dessert, unless you see something that REALLY catches your eye, leave the buffet line and hit Sugar and Ice Ice Cream Parlor at the end of the shops just before the doors to the walkway over The Strip.  They have the best homemade ice cream I have ever had- the Lemon Tart is without equal!  Sit outside beside the waterfalls and enjoy!
4	Wynn! Isn't it pretty in there?We ended up at the Wynn Buffet at lord knows what time for brunch/lunch/early dinner. There's a lot of food dude!!!! How do you choose!I ate a LOT. Shrimp cocktail here we go again. The food in general was pretty good. Service was lacking but they were busy as heck so I didn't complain too much. Everything was clean. No drips everywhere around the buffet area itself. I thought it was a bit too spread apart, but it was still organized well. The crab legs sucked here though. Cold and cut in half? Not my cup of tea. It's definitely a bit pricey ($32 after tax I think), but it was a good experience. Wait wasn't too bad. We all got to sit together. OH! The ONE thing I reaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllllllllllly loved about eating at buffets in LV was that you could eat, take a smoke break at your table, digest, and then go for more rounds. NOW YOU CANNOT DO THAT ANYMORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What's the deal with that dude? UGH!Anywhoo. Good times as usual. Mmmmm. I want more shrimp.
3	Buffet food is buffet food...what to do.  The two best things I had were the smoked salmon and the tuna hand rolls.  Those were "restaurant quality".  The rest was mediocre.  **If you lost all your money gambling and want to save a few bucks.....come to lunch between 10:30am and 11am.  They let you in at the breakfast price ($17.95) but they start serving lunch food (which should cost you $21.95.
3	Good selection of food, but the service is what brings my rating down from 4 stars.  It's not that the workers are lazy - but there aren't enough people there!  Guests end up busing their own tables because no one has been around the clear the dirty dishes.  Forget soda refills.  This buffet is a little more expensive than other hotels, but if you're a gambler, chances are you'll get a free ticket with a fair amount of play.Lots of selection to satisfy.  My plate is usually loaded with shrimp cocktail and their lamb roast.  Good variety of desserts from cookies to tiramisu.
4	One of my fav buffets of all time.  For me it's a must have place when i go to Vegas every few months, they have just about everything you would want from a buffet and more.  Only thing is price is a little steep, but a buffet where you can get lamb chops and prim rib and seafood what do you expect?  If you're a high roller in vegas or know of one, i'm sure you can leach off them, then it'll be free!  It's all about who you know! ;)
3	I am giving this buffet 3 stars because of the price. It definitely was not worth it for me. There were a few gourmet dishes that you probably could not get in the other Vegas Strip buffets, but it just wasn't enough for me to be "wow" about it. There was practically one seafood section at the time I was there, so the line got soooo long just get some shrimp and crab legs. I guess the JUMBO shrimp and fresh crabs paid the bill for me ($35 a person for brunch). They also had creme brulee that was pretty good, and a very unique dessert...candied apples (which were so hard to bite! That sugar coat!) I would say that the ambiance is what you really pay for by eating at this buffet....
3	While the price is a bit steep, the food is delicious, and I'd definitely go back again.  I dinged the buffet a couple stars because 1)  the waitress wasn't around when we needed her to refill our drinks, but yet hovered around when we didn't need her - go figure; and 2) my dessert - a red velvet cupcake was dry and stale - but honestly, this was the only bad item that I encountered at the buffet.
4	OHHHH man. This is what I look forward to most whenever I go to Vegas. I've been here twice but I still salivate thinking about that culinary experience here. I'm not giving it 5 stars because as good as it is, it's not perfect. But first, the GOOD STUFF: king crab legs, fresh shrimp, smoked salmon, prime rib, roast turkey. Honest to God, both times I ate here I devoured about a dozen king crab legs and a plate of shrimp, followed by three slices of that prime rib. They also have fresh salads and soups, a gazpacho bar, yummy Italian dishes,  and other fabulous sides. And dessert.  Bread pudding, an ice cream counter, creme brulee, tapioca pudding, tarts, cookies, crepes, you name it. The only thing I wish they had was a better selection of pie and cake...sometimes you don't want fancy stuff. The BAD STUFF: the so-called Asian favorites. The potstickers and fried rice taste like kindergarten art project paste and I didn't bother with the entrees. Also, if you don't get there early, you could be waiting for over an hour. And yes, it's pricey. But think of all the quality food you can shovel in. Crab legs that size usually cost 40 bucks for maybe two...might as well pay that and get all the other stuff for free. But if you're not a seafood person, maybe it would be a better idea to go somewhere cheaper. And hands down if you're deciding between the Bellagio and the Wynn, go to the Wynn! Just don't gamble at the Wynn. ;)
1	Holy moly.  I must have been shuffled to the a parallel universe or something.  I think this buffet was terrible.There's hardly any meat.  There's prime rib and bacon (fancy, I guess) for the carving table.  There was some seafood laying around.  Tiny bits of chicken.  The "Asian" section had lotus leaf sweet rice, super dry white rice, congee and chau sau bau (sp?  pork buns).  Very lacking.  Overall, the problem is that there is a lot of fancy bits but it is prepared pretty poorly.  Lots of dry food with poor taste.  As for the sushi bar... please all you would be sushi chefs and buffet managers... IT'S THE FRICKIN' RICE!!!  IT MUST BE PREPARED PROPERLY AND NOT MUSHY AND EXCEEDINGLY VINEGARY.  Bad rice will completely counteract even the best and freshiest fish in the world.  I can't stress how important the preparation of sushi rice is!  Are you listening Clubhouse of Costa Mesa?  The dessert station reportedly had only four desserts.  I was too busy choking after a taste of the super dry rice that got caught in my gullet to check it out.On top of that, it was $33 for a Sunday brunch (no champagne, it is a few bucks extra) and the wait was reportedly an hour and a half (at 10:30am on a Sunday morning).  If I wasn't partially comped and given a line pass to bypass this horrific wait, I probably would have been pretty pissed off.  Even still, paying 33 for three still made me feel ripped off.  It sucked that bad.I actually think some of the "lesser" buffets are much better, such as Harrahs, Bally's etc.It is too bad since the place is looks nice and the Wynn is a pretty classy joint.  I don't know what happened, but the first year the Wynn was in operation, the buffet was through the roof.  For some reason, it has gone down hill steadily and has now fallen off a cliff.
4	Great buffett with way too much to choose from that you feel embarrassed for your gluttony, but continue to eat anyway. It's crazy! It's like a feast of the gods. A heads up, though--if you're going for dinner, get in line early or be prepared to stand in a long ass line reminiscent of the Space Mountain ride at Disneyland during the summer time when every family in the world is visiting. We stood in line for a good hour before we got in! Luckily, it was worth it.
4	I wanted to conquer the Wynn Buffet.  More specifically, I wanted to beat this feat of gluttony...*clicky*http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/EZzESk6Qe_8YIYexzmOXaQ/lso hot!Anyway, I did not even match Faffy's 3 hours at the Wynn Buffet...unless you count the time spent waiting in line.Overall it was a very good buffet experience.  All jokes aside the wait was really not that long, even more amazing when you take into consideration that they had to accommodate a group of 22!The selection was not mind blowing but many of the options that they did have were quality.  The carving station was particularly impressive.  The kalbi marinated strip steak was delicious and cooked perfectly.  The prime rib was very similarly cooked.  I didn't have any rack of lamb but it looked really good.  I liked the mashed potatoes a lot, a must have for any potato lover.  I would have liked to have seen scalloped potatoes though.I passed on most of the seafood options and just piled a few crab leg halves on my plate.  They split all the crab legs so you don't have to fight to get at the meat.  I guess this is a nice thing to do but I kind of like taking the crab legs apart and removing the leg meat whole.  I like butter station a lot.  It really is perfectly clarified too, as you could tell by the cup of butter that I had sitting with me during my meal that did not congeal one bit at room temperature.The desserts that I sampled were really good.  The cheesecake was tasty and came in a small portion which helps for people that don't want to overdo dessert.  There was one person in my group that fell in love with the bread pudding.  The candy apples looked dangerous to eat but I heard were tasty.  The cookies were crispy without being hard or dry.I believe that If I get one more shot at taking on The Buffet at the Wynn and really focus my attention to just the task at hand with no other people or events to take into consideration I can at the very least match a 3 hour session.
4	there was one morning when i woke up and decided that i would triumph over the best buffet in vegas. the wynn is the one of the nicest and most expensive hotels on the strip (and steve has a great art collection)....sooooo i decided to set my standards high and start here.the atmosphere resembles a way upscale fresh choice full of tourists....service was kinda crappy (i really need my water refilled like every 30 seconds...just give me a damn pitcher already!).... TONS of variety...huuuuge king crab legs, sushi was disappointing, not many veggie options. however,  the dessert section was MAGNIFICENT!! bananas foster, flan, mini-cupcakes, creme brulees, little raspberry cakes, blocks of fudge, frozen yogurt, maple bars, eclairs...ohh just so many things to indulge in!!....it probably took us 25 mins to eat dinner, about 45 for dessert (i insisted on trying at least one bite everything, so i had to take breaks in between rounds), and then another 15 of just sitting still passing in and out of a food comatose at the table.my overall reaction to a vegas buffet: i would rather take that $40 and order ONE fabulous meal, drinks & dessert at a fantastic restaurant OFF of the strip!! (see vintner grill)
3	We ate here while staying at Wynn. We ate dinner -- and paid dinner prices (OUCH! $40/person w/tax). The wait was about 45 minutes, but we did not feel we got our money's worth -- thus the 3 star. The crab/shrimp was pretty good, but the lines were pretty long at all the stations. The wait staff was not very good -- they need to just put water pitchers on the tables.Decent choice if you like Buffets, but my wife does not eat very much so the value is lacking. I'd choose one of the other casual dining places at Wynn before eating here again.
5	Time spent waiting in line: HOURS. ok... roughly about an hour. Time spent gorging on crab legs: 5.Yes.... my dears. We stood in line for an hour, was the second to last party to make it in with lunch prices (cause we asian-ghetto lyke dat!) and gorged ourselves for 5 hours. The selection here is vast and the quality of the stuff is good. Crab legs are split lengthwise and the gelatos are housemade. And the servers are more than happy to help you out.... like when I asked for the prime rib to be cut as a thick cut.... roughly an inch thick. Omigod..... I have to admit... I sin.... and sin.... and sin again.... This is the Gluttony of Sin City.The worst part of it... was that after dinner, we went to change so we could go clubbing. Needless to say I think my clothes didn't quite fit as well...
4	Hail to the new King of Vegas Buffets.This place has finally surpassed the Bellagio as the place to pig out.  Because of this fact, getting in to the Wynn buffet is the biggest hurdle.  Expect to stand in line for 60+ min at any given time.However once granted admission, you will be rewarded with a schmorgasborg of yumminess.  Huge selection with really tasty dishes.  Biggest highlight for us was the pre-sliced Alaskan king crab legs...They are perfectly spliced in half so all you have to do is stick a fork in and you have instant access to huge chunks of crab meat.  Couple that with the drawn butter and you are in tastebud heaven....mmmmm....sorry, I lost track of myself....Let me stop salivating and continue here.  Other buffet highlights include the desserts.  We liked the cupcake bar...not the best cupcakes but pretty good and unique that they even had it.Wynn is so tasty that you have to be careful when you're there.  If not, it'll definitely add some inches to the waistline...and in this instance, what happens in Vegas unfortunately does NOT stay in Vegas.
5	WTH. i can say holy shit, it was a  long wait, but it was SOOOooOoOOo worth it. and the price, yea... still worth it.i think we stayed there for a REALLY long time. we broke it down into 3 sections, and basically tried everything, and i wanted more. i'm pretty much going there again next time i'm in vegas.it was awesome.awesome.The Buffet is THE buffet to go to. don't pass this up!.
5	Never in my wildest dreams would I ever have thought I would pay $36 for a buffet.  When I was a kid, we used to go to the Circus Circus buffets for like $5 a head.  But, since we were visiting the 'rents and we wanted to treat them to a buffet, we decided to splurge.  And at that price, it definitely was splurging!Now that we got that price thing out of the way, I must say, this was probably the best buffet I've been to (and I've been to my share of LV buffets).  We were there from a Saturday to Monday, so we were able to go on a Sunday night when it wasn't as crowded as a Friday or Saturday night.  We probably got there around 6pm and the line wasn't long at all.  We were seated promptly and the "festivities" would start soon thereafter.  They have all your standard fares here.  But the quality is just far superior.  They have your stations of Chinese, Italian, Seafood, etc.  I had some crab legs, shrimp cocktail, prime rib, some lamb, and believe it or not, pizza.  I usually never fill up on pizza at a buffet, but I just had to.  Boy, it was good.  Thin-crust and chewy.For anyone that even knows me just a little bit, my favorite part of the meal is dessert.  And I definitely wasn't disappointed here.  Again, all your normal buffet desserts are here.  The one thing that stood out at the Wynn buffet was the fresh ice-cream.  I tried vanilla and this coconut ice cream.  The coconut ice cream was awesome!  It seemed like it had chunks of macaroons or something.  It was awesome!As for service, it was too better than average.  They refilled our glasses frequently, however one or twice they didn't take our plates fast enough.  Not a big problem though.  Anyway, as much as I hate paying $36 for a buffet, I will definitely come back here the next time in Vegas.  In fact, this might be my new favorite buffet now.  Sorry Aladdin... uhm, Planet Hollywood.
5	I felt like this buffet was best described as "Grand".  I still haven't made my way to the Bellagio buffet yet but I am assuming that the Bellagio is the other Grand Buffet on the strip.  Liked it alot and thought the food was fantastic.  Had to wait in line for awhile but good things come to those who wait right?  Well, there is a reason there is a long line.  I think buffets that are expensive are worth it if they give you a nice comfortable setting to sit in and offer some good eats.  Hell, when you are on vacation, you have to live it up right?  As a local, you might not come here all the time but I think you should always treat yourself good once in a while.  Splurge a bit.  The higher than normal ceilings and their cool entrance in the middle are other things that make this place a TOP PICK in my book......
3	So I am normally not a buffet person (I hate large quantities of mediocre food), but it was in my hotel and I was hungry after missing breakfast and lunch.Some notes...- no waiting in line... if you show up at 2pm on a Monday. :)- kobe beef meatballs (mmm.. use these and some marinara to make a kobe beef meatball sandwich!)- good fish selection (salmon, mahi mahi, trout, sea bass -- all available either smoked, cured, or otherwise fully cooked)- candy apples for dessert.  i haven't had one of those like... decades.- no king crab legs during lunch (only available at dinner)- juices are all from concentrate- alchy costs an arm and a legEverything else is pretty ho-hum.  Weekday lunch is $21.95 for about $14.99 worth of food.  Not the best value in the world, but that's the case for most buffets...
4	It was a beautiful thing........and a nightmare at the same time.What do you do when you're in a candy store and your teeth are wired shut?  Watch other people enjoy the food...
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas used to be Rio's Carnival Buffet, but then the Wynn was built. The first time I ate here I almost died of gluttony but I was damn satisfied and happy. My favorite item would be the crab legs. I am a big seafood person and the thought of unlimited crab legs makes my mouth water. It's also just great having a huge selection of different cuisines. My favorite dessert is the creme brulee in the little dishes. One time I ended up with about 7 of those little dishes if front of me... I just couldn't get enough. My tip to others: if you want the dinner but cheaper, go to the buffet around 3 or 3:30 right before they change out the brunch menu to the dinner menu. Also, Sundays are more crowded. Try to go on Saturday!
4	awesome buffet. you can't go to vegas and not experience gluttony. come on now people, you have to partake in as many of the seven sins as you can while here.good food selection, my faves: crab legs. now i only gave this place 4 stars and the spice market at planet hollywood (formerly known as aladdin) 5 for a reason that you can read in that review. another delish moment: crepes, mmmmm. you decide what to put in it, so if it sucks, then you have no one to blame but yourself. my picks for a crepe, nutella, raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries.my suggestions:takes cindy's advice about going "early" for their dinner selections, cheaper is always better!don't go after eating special brownies. you'd think that it would be a great idea, but it's really not. maybe just smoke a blunt, that would be good. but brownies are just too strong, and you're more paranoid than just plain ol' hungry.
5	This will be short and sweet.Hands down the best buffet I've ever been to. They have everything and anything and lots of it. You like crab legs? Definitely the place for you. You like desserts? Go there. It's expensive but I would say it's worth it without a doubt. At least go for one meal to experience it.
5	Came here on a Monday morning before we headed back home. Pretty cheap when we went up to the cashier, I think we paid $25. The wait wasn't so bad either, we had 10 in our group and got seated within 20 minutes.What I love about my group, we stayed for 3 hours. It wasn't because we wanted food all 3 hours, we all lost money. Only way to keep us away from the tables and ATM, was to stuff our face with food.The environment, the color and tables were nice. I felt very comfortable . What I love, the bathrooms. DID YOU KNOW THERE IS A SPONGY PAD IN THE URINAL? I said to myself " DAMN. . . .. . .I feel like a freaking GOD!"NO SPLASH BACK!   =oPI went in December 07 and going back next week for the breakfast. Hope things didn't change.
5	I had the Wynn Buffet for Sunday Brunch.  The atrium is beautiful.  The food was delightful!Favorites:-Fresh strawberries in cream and brown sugar-green tea dessert-little waffles-spicy tuna hand roll-bunch of hot and cold dishes (can't think of them right now)They also had prime rib (which I didn't try, since I overloaded on it at the Rio Village Seafood Buffet the night before).Price for the Brunch was $29.95 OR $36.95 w/ Champagne.
4	1.26.08: Came here many times, thousands of times, all the time. This place for breakfast/brunch is a 3 star satisfaction. But luckily we came here late and they switch the food to dinner menu. SCORE! The crab legs were incredible. I loved it. I really enjoyed their dinner selection more so than their morning delights. Great food. number 1 thing I'm thinking about is their creme brulee, I asked to add berries on top and Mmmmm, seriously Mmmmm MmmmmM good. Love love their ball of flowers decorations, very unique. Like dining in a garden if only you get seated particularly in that area.
3	came at 4pm, waited around 30 min.  the dessert was GREAT, didn't eat much else so i don't know if it was worth it for me.  i tried a little of all the desserts.  the bread pudding was pretty good with the cream anglaise.
2	For being one of the most expensive buffets in Las Vegas, I've definitely had better. Plan ahead folks! Bring your sneakers because you'll have to walk pretty far to get from one end of the buffet to the other. The only thing I liked was the creme brulee, everything else just didn't taste good. The service though was great. Our waitress kept refilling our drinks and asking if we needed anything. So we gave her a big tip but I wouldn't try this buffet again. Overly priced for mediocre food.
4	I've been here three times and this is one of  my favorite ones! If it wasn't for that steep price, I'd come more often! I loooove their dessert bar! I'd come here just for that! Their food is served in tiny little plates so it looks more "gourmet"! I love sitting in the atrium...with all the pretty, little flowers and plants...just lovely!
5	Better than the Bellagio overall, but just because of a few things.Why?MUCH nicer atmosphere (it really is beautiful in there)Far better desert barMore bread productsService was a bit betterA bit nicer layout of the food itself (most of the food is put out on small dishes so it looks more gourmet- maybe it isn't but it worked for me)TIP (that we did): Like other people have mentioned- Go in right before 3:30, pay for the lunch, and stay for dinner (they don't kick anyone out when they change to dinner)- we had appetizers with their lunch menu and then really went to work when the dinner food came out (PS the dinner food is far better).If you do this, you feel way better about spending 30ish on a meal (this price might have just been for the easter weekend menu) and then you eat the biggest meal of the day earlier (better for you) and barely need much more food later...we stayed for 2.5 hours, it was awesome. Now, it's not like everything was unbelievably good, but I think even with the best of the best buffets, not everything will be amazing. What stood out (combo of lunch and dinner items)?-T-bone lamb with ginger (AMAZING)-sushi was pretty good/decent (only cali and vege rolls though), though the rice was cold aka it'd been stored for a while-ribs were great-the dumplings were REALLY good & the egg rolls were pretty good too-mashed potatoes-apparently the turkey was amazing, though I didn't get to try it-jerk chicken with mango chutney-pizza - super thin, basic, but pretty good-mini baguettes were so good- i stole 2 and they were also good later on in the evening, in case you were wondering-mini olive bread rolls-handmade ice cream bar (with assorted good toppings)-key lime tarts-crepes i thought were pretty good- not amazing though-creme brule (AMAZING)Our service was also fantastic. They refilled our drinks ridiculously quickly and accurately. My vegetarian friend also seemed to really enjoy it. He said it's good for vegetarians if you eat eggs and dairy (though he did have some different soups and salad too) though I guess a vegan wouldn't really go to a buffet anyway. My friend also said he preferred the lunch to the dinner food.
5	This place was my first stop on the strip on my last Vegas trip and boy was it amazing! To begin, the decor was beautiful! We were seated in the atrium that was adorned with tall, fruit and flower displays under a glass ceiling. The buffet itself was also quite impressive. There were numerous stations representing all kinds of foods from around the world, but the choices were simple and not too overwhelming. The pastries and breads were excellent with the croissants and danish doughs being just as good as any upscale French bakery. The carved meats section boasted beautiful cuts of meat that were cooked perfectly as opposed to the usual dry cuts of rubber usually served at typical buffets. To cap it all off, the dessert table was as beautiful as it was delicious. Choices that day ranged from hand dipped candy apples to a fresh banana mousse chocolate cake. The buffet here was absolutely amazing and I'll be sure to make it back here every time I come to Vegas!
3	This is probably what most people think of when they think of Vegas buffets.  A large selection of different foods surrounded by clusters of tables separated by low walls.  We came on a slow Thursday night and were seated immediately.  Most everyone seemed to be stocking up on the snow crab legs.  My husband tried some because these were actually cracked for you, so you didn't have to do major surgery to get at the meat.  I found them watery and bland.  I headed to the sushi, but only managed to eat one piece.  The rice was dry and the California roll filling was stale.  I did love the smoked trout and the ginger pears though.  The bread products were horrible.This would be my experience for the rest of the meal.  Several bad or mediocre dishes then something very, very good.  In the very, very good category I put the Tandoori chicken and the Basmati rice.  The Tandoori lamb was also very nice.  In the mediocre category I put the Sole and the Roast Beef (tender but bland; watch out for the fiery horseradish).  In the delicious, but odd, category I put the Spanish Gazpacho, which is made with white grapes and is quite sweet.  Adding sliced almonds helps.  In the totally unedible category I put all their desserts.  My husband had a peanut butter cookie that was so hard that I almost had to take a knife to it to cut off I piece.  I shouldn't have bothered as the taste was the same as all the rest of the desserts - sugar, sugar, and more sugar.  Even the chocolate cake barely tasted of chocolate.I hate to say that I can judge a buffet by their mashed potatoes alone, but these mashed potatoes were not bad, but had only a light fresh potato taste.  Certainly much better than a usual steam table reconstituted mashed potato, but no where near as good as the creamy, buttery mashed potatoes at Cafe Lago.  I'd place this buffet as better than the Mandalay Bay (bad), but not as good as the Paris buffet, the Bellagio Sunday buffet or our favorite, Cafe Lago in Caesar's.
5	my first time at the buffet... and i really enjoyed it. well... cept the hour long wait. and the price... haha...servers were very nice. maybe too nice... they kept trying to take my plate away... but i enjoyed the food so much that im giving it a 5. loved the salad and soup (who eats salad and soup at a buffet?????? i do!), loved the tomato pasta thing... yummy chinese noodles (they make the soup noodle for you on the spot), loved the funky square garlic bread... loveeed the dessert section. can i please have a table at the dessert section? different ice cream choices and they have a person making crepes on request. i was too full at the time so i just had ice cream... i didnt really like the fish (cept salmon) and the cold crabs... but im picky. cold crabs are always thumbs down for me.
2	This buffet is definitely a waste of time and money.   We waited for over an hour in line, only to go in there and see that over half the tables were empty.  Completely empty.  With a line still snaking around the thing.  I realize that there are VIP guests who can march on through, but come on, there were empty seats ALL OVER!   We arrived at 8pm, and didn't get seated until after 9, when theoretically, we could have been seated within 20-30 minutes.  We were in a mad rush; they don't add more food at 10, and start packin' things up at 10:30.There is a wide selection of food, but your money is better spent at Le Village (like someone else pointed out), or at the Spice Market Buffet (in the Planet Hollywood).
4	I had the lunch buffet and ate so much that I did not eat the rest of the day.Kobe meatballs and mashed potatoes ....... yes, yes, yes I love it when you get peel and eat shrimp that have already been peeled.Eat, eat, eat ....There are some interesting individual salads served in small glass cups that look so good you want to try them all.try,try,try ...A super carving station... the day I went they were carving lamb, so I did not stop there but most of the other diners did....A small square - Pulled pork, open face sandwich on foccia bread - out of sight !!I had to try the super thin - thin crust pizza A very nice desert bar is found set aside from the main buffet with a wide selection of ice creams and sorbets.There a number of rooms that make up the buffet area. All of them are open, super clean, airy and decorated in the whimsical style as the rest of the hotel. The room attendants provide you nice service.A supurb hour long eating indulganceJust what Vegas is all about
3	I was dissapointed here. I thought this place would be great considering the price we were paying and the long wait. The place itself is pretty and the display of the food was nicely present. But unfortunately I thought the food looked way better than it really tasted. I went during dinner time got some crab legs, shrimp, prime rib. Nothing special with those because most other places offer such things and though their prime rib was mighty tasty but a bit too salty for my taste. The dessert was a dissapointment because they did not have creme brulee and the yogurt sorbet tasted like sour expired milk. Service was fine but they did get some of our drinks wrong. We were seated pretty far from the buffet so it was more efficient to stock up. I don't think this place is worth the price considering I've paid cheaper prices for better food at other places. I expected more from here.
2	After reading the word of the Yelpers, I decided to stray from my Bellagio buffet to try the Wynn.  WHOOPS!You guys totally let me down.  The crab was still frozen and small!! The prawns were limp!! The wasabi was more like pudding!! The rolls were unappetizing.  I could go on and on.  The only thing I liked were the pulled pork pesto sandwich, candied apples and icecream.  Still nothing special.Forget this place hit up Bellagio's buffet.  Same price WAY better consistent quality!
5	Man, I haven't eaten this much food since I was a high school student!  But the food here was awesome! Usually buffets conjure up images of dried up fried shrimp and day old fried chicken.  But not the wynn, cuz they're all highbrow like that.  Their choices are things like "greens with fennel, grapfruit and blood orange sections, tossed in champagne vinaigrette" and "blacken salmon with capers and olives" and delicious shit like that.  And don't even get me started on the desserts.  all i have to say about that is CHOCOLATE BANANA CAKE!!!it's a bit pricey... after tax, dinner was a little over $40.  but SO worth it, esp considering how overpriced everything on the strip is already....and if you need a little entertainment while you walk up to get your 10th portion of king crab legs, just look at the delusional faces of diners in a state of sheer unadulterated gluttony.  priceless...
3	It's a buffet, so I never really expect to be "wowed" by any of them. Like any other Las Vegas buffet there is a variety of food from all over the world set up at different stations, a beef carving section and a seafood section which the popular choice is pre-cut crab legs. I tried to stay away from the normal foods I would eat and looked for stuff I can't have just anywhere or at least at a usual buffet. so i got some various salads, seafood and veggie dishes. the salads were hit and miss, there was an asparagus salad that really hit me favorably, but some were bland and lacked seasoning. also you could tell no one really touched them to much as some were soggy. the seafood was actually pretty good. i had salmon fillet and some type of mixed dish which were good enough for me to go twice. the prime rib was good and the butcher let me choose my piece and size, good plus there. of course the crab legs line was ridiculous but i still got some especially for the table. there were decent, definitely needed to add some flavor to it, whether it be adding butter, lemon, pepper, whatever you prefer. i stay away from sushi at buffets generally and did not try any of that or the asian menu to much. the deserts were decent, but at the end of the night they were running out of a lot of stuff. it was decent overall, but its a buffet what can i say. to get 4 stars for me at a buffet it needs to have excellent food that i can't get anywhere else. prime rib and crab are good but almost commonplace in Vegas or Reno now.
2	Like the New England Patriots in the 2007 playoffs, the Wynn had all the hype, glamor, and momentum only to disappoint and be labeled as overrated. Don't get me wrong, the food there is very good still. But compared to the Bellagio, with the same prices and expectations, the Wynn buffet definitely fell short. The selection lacked depth displayed by the dessert bar where they ran out of Creme Brulee (an absolute outrage for fans of the crispy caramelized sugar shell) and Bellagio has twice the selection. Besides the jumbo shrimp, there wasn't much seafood; the crab legs looked anorexic, skinnier than those of a Victoria's Secret model. The prime rib was great and so were a couple of other hot food items.So for $35+, eat at the Bellagio. Go early on so you don't have to wait in line and Mon-Thurs so you don't pay the weekend premium. Final Score for the Super Buffet:Bellagio  17 Wynn       14
3	I've been there 3 times.1) Within the first month of it's debut.  Great food.  Great layout.  The BEST dessert buffet menu on the strip.2) 6 months after it opened.  Ok food and good desserts.3) Just recently, and it sucked ass!!!  The food was not really that flavorful.  I usually enjoy the fuck out of buffets but this was rather disappointing.  My friend and I waited all day to chow down here, we didn't even eat breakfast or lunch and just headed straight for dinner..... boy was it saddening.  GOod thing is that we didn't pay for it... it was comped but how can free food still be so disappointing...Sad day.....
3	Okay so i was all excited to come here after reading all the great reviews.. and maybe it was just that i was expecting this SPECTACULAR buffet, but it was really nothing special, esp. for the price.  The dessert bar did have a lot of options, but IMO like most dessert bars the items were not that good.  I think i will stick to the less pricey buffets like Ballys or New Orleans buffet!!
3	I wasn't feeling top notch, but the food here was not worth the extra cost. After eating at TI the day before, I expected the Wynn to be along the lines of Bellagio. They do have a large variety, with a strong selection from multiple cuisines: Chinese, American, Indian, Italian. But the food quality was average to above average. The spicy tuna rolls had little tuna and the rice wasn't the best. The shrimp cocktail and smoked salmon were spot on though. The prime rib was good. But the extra price for these premium items didn't seem justified in my opinion. I need to go back to Bellagio to see if it really is the better of the two.
4	This place makes me wonder why we overpay to eat at buffets in the first place.  Main objective for a buffet is that you're hungry and want to eat a little bit of a lot of different good tasting foods until you get full and get your money's worth.  But my thoughts tell me that you're not going to fully enjoy your meal if you're eating a lot of different things, where chances are some of the things that you're eating don't taste that great.And I think it's scientifically proven that you're body doesn't tell you that you're full until like 15-30 minutes after you're really full.  If you're looking to go party at night and hit up a club, I suggest coming here at lunch time (before 3PM I believe) and getting a slightly cheaper price, plus you're gonna want to take a nap after spending a good hour to an hour and a half here anyways.But this is actually one of the best buffets and if not thee best buffet I've ever grubbed at based on their selection and quality of food.Kudos for their ALASKAN KING CRAB LEGS and cups of warm liquid butter (heart attack in the making), the variety of meat choices (nothing that juicy or great tasting), and their dessert choices (the creamy ice creams were the best), although I do think a lot of their desserts were too rich to actually enjoy the taste of them.  If they had some crawfish here too, I might have to give this buffet 4.5-5 stars.I did think it was funny that the people sitting next to us had a good laugh with us after looking at our mound of King Crab Leg shells on a plate in the middle of our table.  They were  probably thinking to themselves that we were 6 hungry savages.  Haha!They need to add a couple kegs and have a beverage section here.  I'm sure their cleaning staff wouldn't mind cleaning up the crab leg yack left over by a bunch of 21 year olds.But overall, I wouldn't pay $40 again to get full unless we were trying to come at the end of lunch time and just chill here for a good 1-2 hours again and have this be our only meal of the day until late night after a night of clubbing, when I can pay 1/3 the price and still get a quality good tasting meal.
5	As far as buffets go, this is easily the best one I have ever been to.  Everything your stomach desires in one place.  The prices are a bit steep and the wait is a little much, but the place exudes quality.
5	It was worth the $50 per person for dinner. Unlimited crab legs that is already cut in half! I especially loved the pot roast. the sushi was okay, and the gelato was bomb! i thought it was worth it. best buffet in vegas so far
3	At $38 on weekends, not quite worth it, but not that far off. A decent proportion of diners were returning to their tables with huge piles of Alaskan crab legs, and with good reason. The rest of the seafood was also excellent, particularly the jumbo shrimp. Red meats were pretty good: I liked the prime rib a lot, though others thought it too rare and/or fatty, preferring the lamb dishes (rack and leg). I thought the salads were better than the cooked vegetables. Desserts were poor: I found only the ice cream to be passable.Best strategy might just be to grab what's been freshly cut.
2	What a disappointment!  This is only the second buffet I've eaten at in Vegas but it pales in comparison to the Bellagio.  The food wasn't that fresh, service was unhelpful, and the decor was, ugh.There were a few redeeming dishes, but nothing I can remember three weeks later.  That ain't a good thing.  All I remember is that the desserts weren't all that, and I didn't leave stuffed beyond belief.
4	Of all of the businesses that I've reviewed, I don't know if I've written one that has already been written about as much as The Buffet at the Wynn.  It seems like someone has something to say about this place practically every day, but that just goes to show how popular it truly is.  Hence, it gives me great pleasure to be reviewer #200. An even greater pleasure however, is dining here during dinner.  Out of all the mega buffets that are in Vegas, very few compare to this massive upscale establishment.  With food from all around the world and various culinary wonders for tourists and locals alike, its hard to simply just pick one and go on.  The variety is obviously impressive, but the taste has always been my number one indicator for if I'm going to be back or not and I must note how good it is here.  For those who are experienced in the world of casino buffets, this place is like a souped up Rio (Around The World) buffet, while trying to be on par with the Bellagio classy presentation.  It certainly is on par, but I would still give the Bellagio the upper nod for now.  It is a spendy joint but one that should be experienced at least once while indulging one's self in Vegas.
5	You know that odd feeling you get after eating at a buffet? A little too full, a little too greasy, and a lot too gassy? Well the Wynn buffet has proverbially torn the buffet niche apart and replaced it with an experience that can only be described as an "unlimited upscale self-serve fine dining restaurant".The atmosphere is excitingly refreshing from the typical cafeteria styled buffets of ye olde Las Vegas. You are welcomed by warm lighting, fabulously refined furniture, and, wait, what's this?!? Real silverware with real cloth napkins! After my excitement died down (as well as my sadness that I would not be able to stuff my purse with handfuls of wet naps), I went on to sample the fare.It is not surprising to note that, yes, most of the food was sitting in warming trays under heat lamps--but who sold their soul to the devil to make everything taste like it had just come out of the kitchen? The rack  of lamb was succulent and tender, the cervices are crisp and bursting of flavor, and the king crab legs were exceptionally sweet and fresh (and conveniently pre-cracked). Tip: Dip shrimp once in tartar sauce and then once again in cocktail sauce. Divine. The sushi was not the greatest, but definitely the best "not-made-to-order sushi" I've had. But c'mon, any good buffet-goer knows to pass up on the carbs and go straight for the seafood/meat and that any pre-made sushi is a tummy ache waiting to happen. And the desserts. Sweet Buddha, the desserts. They had your regular buffet dessert like cookies, pies, and cakes. All very well done and delicious. But if I were to gorge myself on one thing it would have to be the creme brulee. Well, to be honest, I did gorge myself. I ate about 10 of those little suckers before I left.All in all, the Wynn "unlimited upscale self-serve fine dining restaurant"  is a well deserving recipient of my 5 stars. So, under my wise tutelage, go ye forth and splurge!
3	[asychronous voice over in a gravelly voice].... ah, you ah good.  Velly good.  But Berragio's Buffet-Fu is bettah!  HAI-YAH![/placeholder]
5	10 minutes of slot machine play on the players card netted me 2 free passes to the buffet.  About 10 pounds of crab legs and prime rib later, I was finally full.
4	Definitely a great buffet with high quality food. Probably the best buffet prime rib I have ever had. They also had amazing pepper crusted slab bacon which they slice for you. The Sunday brunch comes with champagne or bloody marys...these are not the best bloody marys so stick with the champagne. The desserts were really amazing. They have really good gelato. The carrot cake had the best cream cheese frosting I have ever eaten. The key lime pie was awesome. The green tea mousse was not the best. The candy apples were a nice touch, but the sugar was too hard and impossible to eat. It was crowded and our server had a hard time keeping our champagne glasses full, but overall we had a good experience.
4	There are few things I can justify waiting in line for in Vegas. Good food is one of them. After a 45 minute wait in line, we definitely built up a big appetite. I was excited to try the Wynn buffet, especially after running into our friends who were on their way back from the Wynn. They managed to wake up at 9am on Sunday to head over there for brunch. I'm sorry, but I need at least 5 hours of sleep! One of the girls was eating a shiny red candied apple that looked so good. I couldn't believe she got it from the buffet. The Bellagio buffet didn't offer candied apples!While waiting in line, cocktail waitresses actually came around with little bottles of water, which was greatly appreciated. It helped ease my growling stomach. This time, we decided to do the $30 regular brunch instead of the champagne or Bloody Mary brunch although it was only a few dollars more. The atrium was nicely lit but the only tables available for two was right by the entrance, so we decided to sit in the main dining area. The nice thing about this buffet was that each area had a sign above it, so it was easy to locate everything. Because when you're hungry and know what you want, you don't want to go around looking for it. I was really happy with the variety, including the Asian food selections, and the carving station had bacon as well as prime rib. My favorite, of course, was the dessert station which included a variety of homemade ice cream flavors and toppings. The chocolate chip bread pudding was amazing straight out of the oven. All other desserts were ok.I was really impressed by our server, who was really attentive. Our friends had recommended that we have their hot chocolate, so I made sure to get a cup. It was so good, especially topped with whipped cream. The couple who we sat next to also raved about the Wynn buffet, telling us that they made it a point to dine there every time they were in town. They said their dinner buffet was better though, just as most buffets are. We walked out of there with Wynn buffet babies - we were so stuffed!
4	The Wynn buffet represents what Vegas is today.  Expensive, Time consuming, frustrating, but in the end we all end up going back.  The wait on the weekends for this place is ridiculous.  Prepare for an hour wait at least.  Being a young stupid guy, I usually starve myself for a couple of days when I know I'm going here.  Waiting in that damn line is borderline torture.  The actual buffet looks very nice.  Seating is roomy, everything is very well laid out.  The selection is ridiculous.  Typical buffet fa ire with some unique choices.  After the 2 hour wait and shelling out almost $50 that you can otherwise place on black, the food is pretty good and selection is awesome.  I usually try to gorge myself on the things i think are the most expensive. I usually end up eating a stupid amount of lychee's, rack of lamb, and lobster.The best part and little known secret of the Wynn Buffet is the Candy Apples.  they are really really good.  I usually eat like 3 of them..and end up having red teeth for about a day or two.
4	The 45 minutes we waited in line this past Sunday for brunch at the Wynn Buffet was well worth it.  You can also get champage or bloody marys for only $7 more than the regular price, which if I knew then that my place was going to be delayed 3 hours to get home, I definitely would have had a little champagne to prepare myself.  The decor is so fresh and pretty, it's almost refreshing.  Once we sat down, as always at any buffet, I could not wait to run around and throw things on my plate.  Can I learn not to put foods together on a plate that should not be in your stomach mingling together?  Sushi and mini enchiladas and pineapple, oh my....  One of my favorite things was the eggs Benedict.  It was really good for a buffet.  I liked the selections, everything from sushi rolls to make your own chicken Caesar to a selection of different ceviches.  The desserts were ok.  Nothing blew my mind, but I liked the gelato bar and I thought it was cute that they had candy apples.  The bread pudding was pretty good.  I was disappointed that they didn't have crab legs.  They must have them only for dinner which made me a little sad.  It was a good buffet experience nonetheless.
5	I love this buffett! I love the way it's decorated- so colorful and rich. The wait is long and it is pricey but honestly the food is well worth it. everything is so fresh and delicious + you can get alot of stuff you normally don't get  at a normal buffett. Smoked sturgeon is a treat! The desserts are delicate and delicious!
4	one of the BEST buffets in vegas and totally worth the $$$! i ate so much here i literally puked....ya gross, i know lololi love the variety of cuisine they offer, and i dont mean just your typical pasta in the italian station, or the fried rice in the asian stations......you seriously have to try this buffet to appreciate it. btw, creme brulee is made to order in their big-ass dessert section in the middle of the buffet......some people dont know that becuz they dont set it out and there are no signs indicating that.pig out while youre here!
3	Just like all the other expensive buffets in Vegas. Can people really tell the difference between this place and Bellagio?I dare you to finish one of their candy apples.
5	Haven't hit wynn buffet in about a year, another freebie that the gf got in the mail ( kj: how often do you gamble at the wynn ? gf: not much .  oooookaaaaay )i was at the bellagio  buffet about 2-3 weeks ago and as it stands now, the wynn is givng bellagio a serious beatdown - one caveat - i'm still doin' the low carb thing - really !!!  so can't speak to the taters, the rice, the breads, etc  and of course the frickin' desserts ( i did get to eat the top section of a sugar free cheesecake - it was decent ! ) the meats - a lil prime rib with a big dallop of horseradish ( my eyes watered - cool ! ) , a lil cut of turkey, game hen, sausage n peppers, osso bucco, pork loin, sea bass, grilled asparagus, wild mushrooms , classic  caesar, and a few nibbles of this and that..the price would've been  $67 for 2 - weekday price, not sure if  the same price for the weekend traveler.finished the night with a great run at the craps table - actually got a $200 tip from a big gamer after i hit the point 3 times and after i put my measly  $5 down on the hard 8, the big wheel plopped $100 on the same bet - and we hit it ! The rainbow of chips that guy had - Vegas Baby !
5	I've been to most of the best buffets: Paris, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay...etc. This one took the cake. I was kind of avoiding it for a long time because it seemed so ridiculous to spend a lot of money on a buffet, but I went on a weekday when the fare was lower. No matter, it's worth the money and I'm usually known to be frugal. This place actually put thought into their interior decor...granted, in ten years it will probably be outdated, but for now the bright pastel green colors make for some nice eye candy, along with the wonderful flower arrangements (yes, girls only notice these things it seems).The food that was served was top of the line, and the dishes had a wonderful shape that made every plate seem like a masterpiece. Food is clearly labeled, the layout is great for balancing out heavy lines and can I just say again that the food was absolutely impeccable. Everything was done just right. Favorite classics like sweet and sour chicken were upgraded and improved upon. The dessert: this is a fairly important aspect of the buffet for me. It's the one time you can truly feel spoiled for having so many sweet choices. The creme brule was the best by far from all of the buffets, even the Bellagio and Paris. The others serve it in these mini cups where it's already gone cold, while this place presented it in a special dish and the burnt sugar was extra thick. The dessert was worth the money alone. I will definitely come back here when I feel like splurging, after all we're all worth it! Don't bother trying to "save" by going to a cheaper places because you'll just waste money making compromises. Get the best!
3	I love love love love buffets, but I wasn't impressed with "The Buffet" on a Monday night, and here's why:- The sushi bar had only three items.  I don't think this is enough of a variety to have a special section called "Sushi."  - Quality of food was just alright, e.g., grilled pork chops were all either dry or burnt.  The best dish I had was the mashed potatoes. The desserts *almost* made everything better.  Everyone's said this before, but I'll speak with emphasis.  The desserts at this buffet are the BEST desserts I have ever had at any buffet.  Each and every dessert was amazing -- the chocolate mousse, cheesecake, bread pudding, carrot cake.  The ice cream, however, was a little extreme in flavor -- the coffee flavor was very strong, and the passion fruit sorbet was very tart.  Overall, desserts were still amazing.Gotta hand it to the Wynn - they know how much we love our desserts and they do it big.  Three stars, since I probably won't come back.
5	I've been here for brunch and dinner.  Both were great.It makes me fat and happy.  It's a big buffet wonderland...complete with mounds of fake plastic fruit.
5	I'm still salivating!
1	I know I am going to cause a major heart attack with all the Wynn lovers on here, but I came with very high expectations and left sorely disappointed!  We ate a bit early, around 5:30 on a Saturday evening.  There was no line and we were seated within 5 minutes. The price was $82 bucks with tax for 2 people.  I was expecting for this kind of money to get the best buffet food I've ever had in my life.  Unfortunately my expectations must have been too high.  First of all, service!  We waited about 20 minutes before our server showed up to get our drink order.  This is unacceptable, especially during a time like this when the place was pretty slow.  Then, she never came back after she dropped the drinks off.  Our empty plates stayed on the table quite a while before they were picked up.Secondly, food quality.  This place had the worst quality food I've had in my life.  EVERYTHING we had sucked.  I'm sorry, but dumping a bunch of salt on some overcooked asparagus does not make it better!   The pork tenderloin was dry and had way too much fennel seed on it!  The pizza was greasy and leathery.  The sea bass was very boring, no flavor to it at all.  I had a couple of pastas, and they were all overcooked and lacking in flavor.  The mashed potatoes appear to be fake, but they were ok.  I had some wanton dumpling thing from the chinese area, and it tasted like a bad science project.   The rack of lamb tasted like ASS!  I was ready to leave after biting into it, but then I realized I still hadn't tried any desserts.So, onto the good things... The fresh carved turkey was awesome!  The prime rib was delicious!  And the crab legs are gigantic, and easy to get lots of meat out of them so you don't have to work up an appetite trying to eat them.   That's about it... Turkey, crab legs, and prime rib.  If those 3 meats are your thing, you're gonna love this place, otherwise LOOK ELSEWHERE!Desserts were all so-so.  They have fresh crepes made to order, but my local breakfast place that makes crepes does a much better job, so I didn't finish my crepe.  I had some coffee ice cream with oreo cookie on top.  The ice cream was all coffee bean and no cream!  ICK!   The carrot cake was pretty good.Overall, this place has only a few things you will enjoy, the rest will make some starving country in Africa pissed off that you wasted your food!!  I would say you really should go elsewhere for a good buffet, the Rio's buffet is much better and a bit cheaper... But it's not my favorite either.Maybe my food tastes are getting too discriminating, but for $37 bucks I think I'd rather go to a nice sit down restaurant on the strip rather then eat food for the masses!
4	At around 37 bucks a pop for weekend dinner buffet, being a vegetarian...it's totally NOT worth it. I wished I ate crab legs or shrimp cocktail to make this buffet worth the money. Oh well! The decor reminds me of a Martha Stewart wedding. Pastels, flowers, etc. The food is ENDLESS. It feels like it goes on forever! And being a vegetarian, the mashed potatoes were the highlight!Their dessert station is quite nice also. They even make crepes to order. Go around 5pm to avoid the lines.
4	CRAB LEGS!  On my recent trip to Vegas me and my friends ate here 3 times in 6 days.  They definitely have the best Alasken King Crab legs of any buffet I've been too.  Split perfectly in half for easy access to the sweet meat inside.  I must also mention that they serve clarified quality butter, not your run of the mill cloudy buffet butter.  This buttery goodness is dispensed from a spout and not ladeled like other places to prevent cross contamination.  If you want the crab legs you'll have to dine at dinner time when they are available.  Wanna save yourself $10-15 a person?  Arrive at 3:10pm-3:20pm right before they change over to dinner.  You'll pay the lunch price and be able to have lunch and dinner entrees.  Me and my friends got a good laugh out of this since we lost thousands of dollars that day and saved ourselves $30. lolThe other dishes they serve are all 7/10.  Not excellent but great for buffet food.  The soups are great and the selection is awesome.  Most places have 1-2 soups, the WYNN Buffet has 4-5 soups.  The dessert station is filled with Creme Brulee, Gelato, Caramel Eclairs etc, so save some room.
5	Oh my world. This place is the best.Hot and cold crab legs, Creme Brulee, the Floating Marshmallow, and the best damn orange soda anywhere. I will go back for these reasons alone. I'm getting hungry thinking about it. ::mouth-waters::
3	This buffet was a little on the pricey side, for 2 people for the dinner buffet was $55 on a weekday.  There wasn't as many choices as I thought there would be.  Though my bf did like the crab legs, so I guess if you're into that then come here.  The strawberry cake was good.  But if you want a good buffet with more selections for a decent price you should go elsewhere.
5	THE BEST OF THE BEST IN VEGAS!My boyfriend and I just got back from Vegas and the highlight of the vacation - The Wynn! We loved loved LOVED this buffet (as well as the resort itself)! We sat in the middle courtyard where it was bright and beautifully decorated. I didn't feel like I was at some tacky buffet at all!We went for the weekend dinner and yes, for 2 people it was almost $90 but well worth it. Don't expect a cheap meal in a 5 star hotel! I couldn't believe the cuts of prime rib they were giving - easily 8 ounces! And the NY steak and king crab! OML! My boyfriend was  super content with his candy apple for desert. We actually tried the Bellagio Buffet the day after and it so didn't even come close to comparison in regards to atmosphere and quality of food. And we waited almost 1.5 hours at the Bellagio! GO TO THE WYNN! And their cocktail waitresses are nice and speedy too.
3	My boyfriend and I had the champagne brunch here last Sunday.  The selection wasn't justified by the price.  The flank steak and prime rib was delicious.  The seafood had many variation such as ceviches, pastas, steamed, baked in sauce, etc.  The fish cakes were very tasty.  They even had dim sum and Mongolian BBQ.  The desserts were good but I think the Rio or Bellagio buffets have better choices.  The service was good and were very helpful.  Maybe next time we'll try the dinner, from other reviews it seems like there's a whole lot more.
3	Apparently this is one of the best buffets on the strip. We came here to have dinner before our Ka show and we waited a very long time in line. The line didn't seem to be too long, but as you get closer, it actually winds around and around. After our party of 6 paid 40 bucks for our meal, we had to wait another half hour to be seated. Not sure if it was because we had a larger party, but what annoyed me most was that they called our party and another party that actually was given a table with no wait after they paid. I believe the party was larger than ours, by like 1 or 2 persons. Not sure why we were not seated first. There was a lot of food to be offered here. All types that would please everyone's palate. My faves were the rack of lamb, which was cooked just right and their cheesecakes. What was really annoying about the guy cutting my rack of lamb was that he would ask me how many pieces I wanted and he made me stand there and make me wait a couple of minutes while he was cleaning his knife and station. He actually even grabbed another slab of the prime rib and cut the fat off while I was standing there waiting, even though he knew I only wanted the rack of lamb. Come on, I wanted to eat! It was kind of annoying, so I only went to him once. I didn't like the crab too much, but that is only because of preference, I'm not a big fan of cold seafood. The staff was sure to keep all the food stations full. The dessert bar was great, had aton of option, from gelato, ice cream and even crepes. i was not a big fan of our waiter, he took forever to bring me my drink and didn't even come by to refill it. I guess you have to have 1 buffet while in Vegas, but next time I will go and try another buffet somewhere else.
4	The Wynn Buffet is kind of a Sunday morning ritual for me - I like to go before 9:00 am while the club kiddies are still sound asleep - there's usually no line at all. The food choices may seem a bit exotic to visitors used to plainer fare at breakfast, but the omelet station is always reliable and the coffee is good. Meat selections are outstanding. Desserts are kind of a weak point - they tend to feature lighter, less sweet, pastry-like choices that may appeal more to dieters and Europeans than Americans who want their mega-blast of sugar. Service is excellent here, and you never have to wait long for drinks and refills. The dining areas are a lot nicer than in most other Strip buffets. Price is a negative - the food is good but probably not quite good enough to justify the premium they charge over other buffets. Certainly if you are staying at the Wynn it's better to eat here than to walk to Venetian or TI just to save a few bucks.
4	Oh my ... I just had my first experience here at the dinner buffet.This has to be the best buffet I've had so far in Vegas. I've been to Bellagio, Paris, and Spice Market. The decor is alot more elegant and brighter.I used to think Bellagio was the best but my latest trip wasn't so great. I don't  remember the exact cost, but the Wynn price came out to a few dollars cheaper even. And the food ...That is the best Chilean sea bass I've had at a buffet. It was so moist and tender.  The herb crusted salmon wasn't bad either. Flaky and moist as well. The rest of the food is the typical buffet fare. Their shrimp cocktail is noticeably larger than any other place I've been. They differentiate a little with their various ceviche, salads, and their coconut flavor and pineapple flavor ice cream which was a delight.The thing that did damper my experience was the waitress. She seemed to have disappeared during her shift so I never got any refills of my drink. The waitress finally returned during our dessert to bring tea/coffee. I pretty sure this is an isolated incident however.
3	I've been here twice, but the second time I ate at The Buffet at the Wynn the experience was not quite like the first time. My expectations were not even that high...but something was not as it was anymore. The interior was very tasteful, however the service was okay. But there's this one particular chef whose working at the pastry bar that really ugghh... i certainly don't like him. Here's what happened: I was looking around for desserts (more like going for the second round) when i thought of  getting Creme Brulee again. But ended up NOT getting it instead opted for the Chocolate Mousse. Then all of a sudden this chef guy started ganging up on me. He was so rude and subtly shouted at me and said, "You cannot put back what you already touched!" Like DUH! I didn't even touch the damn thing...you stinky fat ass! Ugghh... Totally uncalled for when I was my Catholic heart I did not touched it! His Creme Brulee was just second-rate...and no, I'm not bitter.Anyhow,  the other services was par . The food - ehh. Sure The presentation and all was very excellent though....
3	We got free spins for getting our players card on memorial day, which happened to also be my mom's b-day, and she won a free buffet for two!We ponied up for our third wheel (dad), and proceeded to gorge. After a minor dalliance with a couple of crab legs, which were pretty good, i went straight for the sea bass to the tune of four chunks. They were all great if slightly undercooked for my taste. The mango and scallop ceviche was great, as was the lychee fruit salad. Then I discovered the mixed beets, which I chomped endlessly on. There's nothing like the feeling of teeth on beets. It's creepily orgastic.  I closed with a crepe with blueberries, whipped cream and melted chocolate on top. Finally, a little banana foster to clean the palate. Don't ask me why I tried to wash it down with a country time lemonade but I did. That's what they serve here. That and dry beef. So while there were a few good things, there were plenty of mediocre things.  If I'd paid the $40, I'd have been kind of disappointed. My dad fell asleep at the tail end of our meal.
3	This place is just alright. I mean for the 39.99 holiday meal it should have been better. Its was like you went in there and your like "that's it". Yeah some of the food I ate was great and I got seconds, but worth the 39.99 I don't think so. At the time though I had to tell myself it was worth it cos I was in denial. They do have some nice gimmicks though. Like the crepe station and the ice cream thing. Aladdin pre-Planet Hollywood had a better buffet than Wynn, no offense. When I got to the dessert area I was like WTF this is it. I don't even remeber if they had carrot cake which is one of my requirements for a good buffet. I think I ate it but I don't remeber cos I guess I couldn't get over the fact of the $39.99. Only place I can really compare it too is Bellagio which I think is much better on many different levels. Ok if they charge like $29.99 I would have given it an extra star. Haha and I thought the holiday $26.99 meal at the Mandalay was pricey. That doesn't even compare. Oh and you can't really compare the whole king crab leg thing anymore. Most hotels have the king crab legs. I wonder if going to Vegas on some presidents day is a holiday.
3	Went here for brunch. There wasn't a crazy long line like other buffets, but when looking at the price, I can understand why. You had to add an extra 7 or 8 bucks for unlimited bloody mary or champagne. Usually at other buffets, it's included already. The interior looked classy; liked you walked into some wealthy family's sunday garden brunch at their summer mansion.The food was a level below from Bellagio's, my top pick. Not as many selections. I had a good combination of breakfast food to lunch/dinner items. Nothing really stood out for me. They had some nasty ass pretzels in the dessert section, which lacked in selection the most. And who has pretzels as dessert in the first place?
5	I am not rating this place at all for their prices because I really didnt find out how much it cost- my friend paid. We went there 30 minutes before lunch ended and got to eat lunch plus the dinner food. It was the best buffet I have ever went to in my life and was very very sastisfied. It is nice and fancy and clean. I ate everything there almost but what stood out in my memory was the huge juicy king crab legs and the rack of lamb. Man it is so juicy I couldnt believe it was true.Oh yeh. I loved their dessert from the plating to the artistry to the taste. It was delicious. It is a must try.
4	The Wynn Buffet. What can I say?It's a $36ish meal. I expect great things from a meal that expensive, and the Wynn buffet gets close, but falls short.To set the mood here, I went with a group of 7 at about 9:15 PM during the week. The place had no line, and was fairly not busy inside. It closes around 10:00 for reference.The service was ok. It took our waitress forever to get us drinks and refills, as well as clearing plates. And considering she only looked to be serving 3 tables, it was frankly kinda annoying. The tap water, like all water in Vegas, tastes god awful. The food, overall, is very good and very high quality. The prime rib was superb, and surprisingly even stuff like their pizza was great. The desserts were very good but extremely sweet. I don't eat the crab legs, but my fiancee found them to be mediocre, having them already broken open and served ice cold.I can't really recommend this for the full price, nor if there's an hour wait as some reviews suggest. As this was comped to me by my company, and I didn't really have to pay for it, I can't complain, but this clearly isn't a $36 meal.That being said, it's higher quality than the other strip ones I've tried (I haven't had the Bellagio though), so it's worth the few extra bucks to head here rather than say the Treasure Island Buffet at $26, but all of them are ridiculously overpriced.
5	After you come to this buffet, any other buffet just plain sucks.There is Elk meat here! That stuff tastes sooo unique, it kinda tastes like duck, but more flavorful and more distinct.  Its hard to explain go and try!There are lots of alaska king crab legs here, and a butter dispenser.  Creme brulee, I ATE 100 of these before i left with a candied apple.  This place is food heaven.  I wish it were my kitchen at home.I started lining up at 3pm?  And paid for lunch but it turned into dinner, sooooooo plan your time wisely!  Eat all day!
3	Well, I'm not much on buffets; but we decided to try this one out for breakfast.  It didn't disappoint.  There was a pretty big selection of food to choose from - and really, breakfast is sort of hard to screw up.One complaint, they had waffles and pancakes sitting out, basically cold.  Skipped them as they were unappealing.But still, overall, had a tasty and varied breakfast.
5	OH. MY GOD. I've died and gone to Buffet Heaven.  I am not a buffet girl. I just don't do it. The ONLY exception being the WYNN Buffet.  Its the first class of buffets.  Super clean and classy and there is always a variety of fresh food being served.  When you think of the WYNN buffet think only of the KING CRAB LEGS that they serve (unless you are a freak and don't eat seafood or allergic)  I think I can spend hours just eating that.  NOTE: they only serve them after 3pm. You can imagine my disappointment when I came for brunch.  I must say that I have never had a problem getting into the Wynn because I have never gone during the peak times. Extremely fabulous desserts and usually they change it up every few months. I used to eat at least 5 or six of these marshmellow things coated in caramel, until they stopped making thme =(Cost: Anywhere between $32-$40 bucks a person depending on the festivities.  Expect to spend at least 2 hours here.
5	It is a toss up for best breakfast buffet in town. It is either here or the Planet Hollywood and while I was on business and my boss picked up the bill, I'm assuming that PH is cheaper. So maybe PH wins the award. But only because they have fruit smoothies and these crab cake eggs benedicts that I loved! However, the Wynn has a lot and everything is hot and good and there's just not one breakfast item you could think of that isn't here and isn't cooked perfectly. The decor is fun as well. Love the Wynn buffet. Also, great coffee. Much better than PH!
4	This buffet ranks as one of the best in Las Vegas, although it is a bit pricey (be prepared to pay $40 per person for dinner).  The variety of food items is incredible and ranks as one of the best buffets I've eaten at (the buffet at this one hotel in Taiwan is tough to top).  They have Italian, Thai, American, Chinese, Indian, seafood, salads, soups.  Their dessert selections are pretty impressive too.  Most of the items there could be served as an entree item at an above average restaurant.  I've been to The Wynn Buffett twice and each time, I've enjoyed it.  Hands down better than the buffet at The Bellagio (food is a bit cold, restaurant feels a bit dirty and cold).
5	Where do you start, yep that's how you feel when you walk in here.  Yes this place is pricey but where else can you get the high quality variety that is offered?  I've gone for Brunch and Dinner and both were outstanding.  The brunch had real carved bacon, wow!  Omelettes made to order and bloody marys.  They also make an awesome Margarita pizza.  Fresh seafood and sushi can also be found.  Its hard not to try it all.  But hands down my favorites are the desserts.  They have creme bruele, flan, homemade style cupcakes, gelato and even candied apples!  Sugar heaven.  Oh and the service is really good, quick to clean up and bring more drinks or whatever else you need.  I don't recommend trying to go on weekends or holidays, its so busy, at least 50 plus deep so you will wait.
3	This place is VERY over-rated.  The interior of the place is really nice and the ambiance was excellent, at least where I was seated.  However, the food just wasn't all that.  For $34 a person I expected more than just dressed up food laid out all pretty on a plate.  Some of the food was excellent but for the most part it was just comparable to any other $20/person buffet.  I LOVE crab legs and I can eat them forever, but these crab legs were just a little on the too salty side.  Sadly, I couldn't eat too many of them because of this.  Stay far, far away from any sushi that you see here.  The pizza was crappy.  The creme brulee was pretty good though.  Basically, I think this place is too expensive for what you get.  I've had better buffets at places that are $10 bucks cheaper per person.
4	As with other upscale buffets with expensive items like crab and such, the price is up there. I paid $40 for a dinner buffet, but to me, it was well worth it. The selection was amazing, from caprese to herb roasted turkey (very tender), beef short ribs (super succulent) to string beans w/pearl onions, four soups, prime rib, rack of lamb, pork tenderloin, delicious wood-fired oven pizzas, and an array of desserts (creme brulee and bite-sized cheesecakes and rich and soft cookies), it was truly a one-stop experience of all Vegas is about. Decadence.Slightly better than the Bellagio buffet in my opinion.  I have also tried Mandalay Bay's, which is roughly equal to Bellagio in my mind.
4	Every Vegas buffet has a dude slicing prime rib. So, I'll use that as the first metric: I got three slices of prime rib at the Wynn, it was soft, juicy, red rare, and cut almost 3/4 inch thick. And the butt end was well-herbed and just a touch crispy. Damn fine stuff.We spend over two hours here, sampling the whole array (except crab legs -- I'm allergic). Another staple, the shrimp cocktail, was jumbo and succulent and lacking that awful freezer burn that poorer buffets have. Other fish, including the sea bass and the three of four ceviche samplers, were all well above average. The clams with red sauce were a little better than average, but hey -- clams! The buffet sushi experiment was less successful. My instinct (stay away from buffet sushi) stands uncorrected.The gorging potential was fantastic. Sticking to the proteins, there were cute cornish game hens that were only a touch dry, and sliced turkey that would have been better if slicer guy would have given me some dark meat. I had heard fine things about the lamb, but the lamb was not fine my friends. Both chops I sampled were way overcooked. Alas.I had some asparagus that was also much better than expected, very nicely grilled. zucchinis and squashes, also grilled, assisted in padding all the meat in my gullet.Carbs? desserts? No idea.Our server was an all-star klutz, but attentive and constatly replenished our beverages -- which was some of the best unsweetened brewed iced tea I've ever had. Also, when we got a little tired we got a pot of coffee -- no extra charge, which I think is unusual. It was good. Thanks Wynn!
4	The only thing I wanted when I went to Vegas was prime rib. This one was probably the best that I've had in Vegas. It was nicely cooked. Rare in the middle and the sauce really tops it off.They also had Chilean sea bass, which is usually really good if it's seasoned and cooked well. This one was just alright. It was cooked well, but unfortunately was not seasoned the best. I added a little salt and it was fine.I also enjoyed their grilled veggies in the Mediterranean section. Although the eggplant was slightly oily, they were grilled and seasoned to perfection. I loved them!Lamb: No good. I was bummed. It wasn't overcooked, but the flavor was just not there. They game taste was overpowering, which leads me to believe that the meat is not fresh or the meat was prefrozen.Pastas were quite good, but who wants to fill their stomachs up with pasta at a $40 buffet?Desserts were just alright. The bananas flambe didn't look too appetizing. I was a bit disappointed that they ran out of creme brulees actually. BUT their ice creams surprisingly very very tasty. They had a choice of pineapple, vanilla, chocolate, coffee and lemon yogurt. I tried pineapple and vanilla and the ice cream was so smooth and tasted very good. I would definitely come back.
4	Although I expected more selection in their seafood station, their dessert station quickly made up for my experience at the Wynn Buffet. Alaskan king crab legs seems to be the popular item because everyone I saw had them piled up on their plates. I really loved the grilled corn because the seasoning and smoky flavor seemed to saturate each kernel. The produce was fresh for all you salad lovers. Their gouda and blue cheeses were creamy and mild. The dessert station was full of pastries, cupcakes, cakes, creme brulees, mousses, and even candy apples. WoW! I could have died.
2	Overpriced!  The buffet's setting is very nice and you can tell everything is freshly prepared.  However, I did not feel that there was much variety.  The food was scattered out spaciously which made it seem like there were many options to choose from but there was not.  I did enjoy the fresh seafood but I personally do not think this buffest was worth the price.
4	This is the buffet to go to if you don't mind paying the higher prices for a gourmet and fresher side to your typical buffet. They have better seafood selections here. A variety of cooked fish done gourmet style with fresh fruit toppings. It's a different kinda of buffet that's unlike any other on the strip. The selection of this buffet seems to be on the lighter and healthier side but that's a good thing because you get to taste everything and not get overwhelm with the heavier items which they still have a good selection of meat dishes. The only draw back is their crab legs/fresh shrimps station, somehow there's always a line at this station. They don't put out huge mounds of crab legs for the taking like some of the buffets I go to....not sure what's the deal with that. I would give it a five star...if it wasn't for the long line at the crab leg station, after waiting for about an hour plus in line to pay....I don't want to spend another 10-15min. in line for crab legs. I have to be nice...the dessert selection makes up for it. WARNING... to all of out of town Yelpers...don't come here on New Years eve...unless your willing to pay close to $90/pp. Our family was priced shocked last New Years eve when we saw the price. When we got there we were wondering why there's no line until we saw the price....it was highway robbery that night.
5	This buffet compared to several others I experienced in Vegas gets my vote overall.  We were comp'd having spent enough money.  There were 6 of us and plenty of selections for everyone to have their bullies full.I loved the variety that was represented here.  The pastry selections were to die for.  Fortunately, for us they had lobster this day, so I was in heaven.  Seafood selections were plentiful.  I like the fact that this buffet was so well organized.  Folks weren't standing all over you, there was a nice flow of people, no crazy lines, no running out of items that everyone enjoys.  There was messiness at the food stations, top notch all the way.  Even if we weren't comp'd I'd go back here again.
2	I was disappointed by the buffet at the Wynn, but thank goodness my meal was free. My friend treated me with a comp she'd earned, otherwise it would have been over  $70 total (taxes, tip) for dinner for the two of us.  Crazy high price for what is offered.First of all, there was a line forming when we arrived between 3:30 and 4pm on a weekday, but we couldn't figure out why. The older people at the front of the line were clearly tired of standing and had been there 15 minutes by the time my friend and I had arrived. Yet, there were uniformed Buffet staff all over the place and empty tables visible from the line.  We waited about 10 minutes ourselves with no clear explanation as to why.  Another thing that bugged me was that the woman working the entrance had very unappealing-looking hair that seemed both unwashed and uncombed. Usually I don't criticize people's appearance, but since she's working for a food establishment, she should have at least washed her hair.  First impressions mean a lot.Anyway... we finally were led to a table and I swear, half the place was empty. An entire section was even closed off, and the section we were seated at was only half full, if that much.  Plenty of wait staff around.  Our waiter was friendly but poorly attentive and unintuitive. For example, he didn't come around to refill our tea so we had to grab his attention.  My friend asked for more tea, so he refilled hers and ignored the fact that my glass was almost empty.   Later, when she asked him for another napkin he came back and hurriedly handed two to her  -up close to her face - which was rather awkward and strange.  So, let's talk about the food. It was fine. The buffet struck me as a tad sloppy when I first walked in - sauces dripped onto the counters in one section, and some general messiness.  We tried a little bit of many things, this being a buffet. Nothing I had was bad, but their selection wasn't as varied as I imagined it might be.    They apparently change the menu relatively often, from what my friend says.  I asked her what she thinks of the Wynn, having been there two or three times now, and she said she isn't all that impressed- she just gets comps there once in a while so she goes.Seems like others reviewing the Wynn really loved it. As a resident who is no longer wowed by "Vegas,"  my review is also influenced by my experiences at buffets I liked much better, like the Rio and Mandalay Bay.  I was quite surprised at the lower quality I experienced at a location as exalted as the Wynn.  I'm wondering if we came during a shift change- that could explain the long wait for a table in a near-empty dining space, the inattentive waiter, and the messy buffet.  Right?
3	I am giving this place 3 stars because they are not like the dump called Cafe Logo buffet.The food selection is wonderful and the dessert station clearly stands out.  Ice cream, cookies, carrot cake, creme brulee, chocolate desserts, etc.  At dinner, there is pasta cooked to order.  For breakfast, it is omlets cooked to order.There is prime rib (which can be cooked more if you request), pizza, crab legs, shrimp, salad, fried chicken, fish, bread, noodles, sushi, and assorted fruits and vegetables.Overall, the food selections were good for the money.  You can tell that they didn't corners.  The people behind the food counters were very pleasant to deal with.The reason this didn't get 5 stars is that if you pay a 5 star price, you should be entitled to 5 star service.  We sat in the same section on back to back days and had two different waitresses.  They only had one job and that was to remove the dirty plates and keep the drinks refilled.  Once they took our drink orders and brought the drink to us, that was the last time we ever saw our waitress (Teresa and Dona).The service was very selective and both of them went to other tables more often than ours.  It was a 7 to 1 ratio.  There is no excuse for this and we finally went up to the counter and got our own drinks as our dirty plates stacked up.  If it happens on one day, you toss it out as an anomaly.  If it happens on back to back days with different people, then perhaps, this is a new trend for the Wynn Buffet.Our waitress at the Mirage came up more times than these two people combined.  I have received great service at they Wynn buffet before so I know the difference.  The next time I am in Vegas, I will never have these two people wait on me again.
5	This is the buffet restaurant at the Wynn, and it's my favorite in Vegas.  The atmosphere alone makes it the best - you'll feel like you've been transported inside "Alice in Wonderland."  Enter the dessert selection, and no other buffet in Vegas can compete.  The cupcakes and candy apples (though not always available) add to the cartoonish, fairy tale vibe of the place and are delectable.  The food in general is all very delicious and expertly crafted, and the options are as expansive as to be expected at a Vegas buffet- salads, sushi, pizza, fish, Indian, Mexican, Italian, Middle Eastern, Japanese, Chinese, etc. are always available.  I highly recommend coming for lunch, which ends pretty late as far as I can remember (3ish maybe) because the restaurant becomes almost twice as expensive for dinner.
3	We had 2 comps to come here for dinner or lunch and we came here for lunch while still needing to pay for 2 other people.  The lady that was ringing us up was at first not that nice in knowing that we had the comps, because she had to call other mgrs, like we were trying to get in for free- oh wait, we were.  But anyway, once it was okayed, she smiled and said thank you.  i don't like those kind of people.Buffet:  They make people wait in line when there are clearly room inside.  you know, it's like those friday night clubs in sf that want to look like they are so hot.  Did not like that either.  Food:  Things tasted good, variety not so much.  Fruits were really fresh and good, but it's just fruit.  Liked the personalized omelettes to order, but there was nothing special and not worth $30 for the weekend lunch.  Service is nice inside, but waiters were not fast in picking up dishes, mainly because I think the spot we sat in was far.  However I thought the gelato buffet was really cool and distinctive and everyone has to try the coffee flavor!  In the end, i only got 2 plates and had a stomach ache. : (Derek says:I had the dinner buffet here and thought the food was of high quality but like janice i thought the variety was not there.  THE COFFEE GELATO IS A MUST TRY.  its pretty dark coffee flavor so i like it.  i was stuff at the buffet had 4 servings of prime rib, load of crablegs, shrimp, mussels, clams, had some side dishes and finished it off with a crepe and 6 creme brulees.
2	This is one of the few times yelp has let me down.... I showed up on a Monday night. Waited to eat until 9 PM, then waited in line a freaking hour to eat. Then once I got past the line, had to wait another 20 minutes in this tiny area to get seated. Finally got seated... and let me tell you for $35 I wouldn't dream of eating here again (our buffets were comped this time), but if they weren't oh man... Food wasn't far superior to other buffets I've been to . In fact I'd choose Mirage buffet over this one in a heartbeat. Ok, so there were some subpar crab legs.. BIG DEAL. Nothing else was delicious. Most of the food wasn't fresh, tasty, or flavorful. I couldn't have been more disappointed. Yelpers, spend your money and more importantly YOUR TIME elsewhere. There are many better buffets in town without an hour wait.
5	Wow!  The fatass inside me is at loss of words for this place!!I wouldn't even know where to start, but hands down, their creme brulee kicked ass.  My girlfriend who had creme brulees in Paris said that these were even better.  In terms of variety, this place definitely has variety.  Almost all buffets are similar to another in Vegas.  The usual seafood section, the usual asian food and american food, pastries and dessert and etc.  However, the difference in the quality and the food here by far beats out those at the other hotels like Mirage, Luxor or what not.  The only place I really have not yet compared it to would be the Bellagio buffet.  I was disappointed that the costs was kind of pricey.  I'm not sure if it was the season prices or what not, but I remember it costing us around $40 something for each of us when we went between christmas and new years.  And it would've been better if there was lobster, but even without it, the food here is as good as it gets.
4	One of my favorite buffets on the strip for the following reasons:Real ice cream bar. Yes folks real homemade ice cream, all you can eat with all you can top. One of the toppings is toasted coconut, not that dry shredded coconut crap inside Almond Joy, but toasted coconut flakes and real toasted, fresh non-oily or rancid, almonds. Real hot fudge, and real hot caramel to go with your ice cream. I had the coconut ice cream--I would pay $40 to eat it again on a hot Vegas day. Coconut ice cream with lush creaminess and pieces of coconut meringue cookies inside topped with the toasted coconut and almonds. All you can eat creme brulee, need I say more about dessert? I would say the Wynn holds it own just fine against all the other buffets, there's not as much variety as the Rio or Aladdin (er Planet Hollywood now) but it's more organized and given the new price of the Bellagio buffet it seems like a bargain. The food is fresh and I really appreciate the details, fresh made chili sauce for the Asian cuisine, real cocktail sauce, etc. The seafood that was there was mostly fresh, the Alaskan crab legs were previously frozen as they usually are, but they were of good quality. The entrees change all the time, but most everything is average to very good. The fare is going to be the same at most buffets, but the Wynn seems to really duke it out with their presentation and their quality, it's just a notch above most of the buffets on the strip.Oh don't get the candied apples, they're red, and they're cute, but the coating is actually hard candy. It's not chewy like caramel and it shatters like glass when you bite into it putting shards of sugar all over your face and teeth. It's not only a pain in the ass to eat but humiliating when you realize everyone saw you awkwardly trying to eat it politely. Of course I usually neglect to mention this to loved ones like my Mom on purpose.
5	$40 to eat like a bulimic girl hiding in the back of a dark closet with bacon.Vegas buffets have me wary: too few options and I end up having nothing but dessert, cheese and champagne. (Caesar's.)  Too many, and someone needs to get a wheelbarrow to transport me back to the room (Rio.)The buffet at Wynn is comparable to Bellagio: everything is delicately prepared and the selection is plentiful. Crab legs, sushi, prime rib, rack of lamb, roasted turkey, salmon, sea bass,  pizza, noodles, Chinese, 5 different ceviches, a soup station with a truly delectable tomato bisque, vegetable wellington, bbq chicken, corn on the cob.The desserts consist of banana fosters, ice cream, bread pudding, creme brule, tiramisu, strawberry shortcake, assorted breads and muffins, cookies and chocolate mousse. They also provide sugar free options of apple pie, chocolate cake and cheesecake amongst others.I ate so much I had difficulty walking and was tempted to take a cab from Wynn back to Venetian. (they are right next door to one another)
1	For two people we spent around $75 (without tip) for this buffet.  I was unimpressed and quite disappointed by the quality of food.  We waited in line for about 30 minutes.  For some reason the hostesses sat parties of three or more faster than parties of two, even though there were quite a few tables for two open???  We get seated and immediately go to the buffet to try the food!  I started my dinner with a salad from their salad station located in the right-hand area of the buffet.  The assortment of fresh vegetables was limited, as was the variety of about five different dressings.  Though the vegetables and dressings were all very good.  But how the heck can you screw up your own creation of a salad?  I do give the Wynn's Buffet an extra brownie point for having freshly shaved parmesan cheese and about four different varieties of cheese slices (cheddar, brie, gouda, etc.)!  Along w/my salad I got a roll.  It was stiff but not stale, and luke warm.  Meanwhile, my boy friend chows down on a large plate of king crab legs.  He said the crab legs were pre-steamed and served iced.  Hmm, when I think of crab legs, I think of them hot and steaming--especially for this price!  While we are chowing down our first plates, our waitress finds us to take our drink orders--two cokes.My next trip up to the buffet I got some Asian beef & broccoli that was freshly made, and some mashed potatoes w/turkey gravy.  I would've gotten some of the Asian pork potstickers but they didn't look too appetizing, nor did I see any soy/ginger sauce for dipping.  Oh, I would've also gotten the carved turkey but they seemed to have run out for the entire night--and I'm not much of a prime rib person :-(.  I get back to our small table for two and start with the mashed potatoes w/turkey gravy--pretty good!  I try my beef & broccoli...hmm...not very Asian tasting...pretty fatty and gristly (yuck).  I tried to eat as much of the broccoli as I can but, the flavor of the dish is not what I deem as an authentic Asian dish.  Both items on this dish were cool to luke warm in temperature :-(.At this point I'm pretty disappointed in the food.  So I know if I order pasta from the pasta station it WILL BE HOT and probably pretty good, right?  I go up there to scan the variety of Italian foods...  There's only one guy in front of me getting his pasta made.  I figure, "no sweat," my order will be taken promptly since there are four other stove burners to prepare pasta.  I waited there about five minutes but the chef never even said a word to me.  I was fully ready to tip him $5 for some hot pasta with some alfredo sauce!  Enough is enough...I plop some pre-made mac & cheese on my plate.  I walk by some fruit cups (with mint), grab one and go back to our table.I get back to our table and it is totally cleared off--no silverware, no drinks, no receipt.  We didn't even tip yet and they clear off the table!  WTF!!!!  I sit down and look around for our server.  She immediately comes over and apologizes.  One of the bussers brings us new silverware and our server brings us new cokes.  Getting back to the food...  my mac & cheese was again luke warm.  The taste was average, however, I do think if it was hot, I would've said it was "good."  The fruit cup was fresh and had a pleasant hint of mint.  Our last plate was dessert--creme brulee.  I really wanted to go to the Wynn's Buffet because I knew they had this there.  It was okay but,  I did not go for a second helping.Overall, our experience at the Wynn's Buffet was less than average.  The atmosphere was nice and decadent.  There were plenty of chefs, bussers, servers to accommodate it's large clientele.  Though, I still can't believe none of these employees caught us going towards the buffet NOT the exit; thus clearing off our table!  All of the hot foods we sampled were either cool or luke warm, very disappointing.  The quality of food lacked as well.  The buffet is not worth $35 + tax a person and, I hope I can save a lot of visitors some money!In spite of all of this we still tipped a mere 15%.  We would've liked to give more but, felt the quality and service was not worth it.
5	If I dreamed of buffets, they would look like the Wynn's.  The wait in line was a tad long, but aren't all buffets' ? And for $35/person (before tax & tip)  it's cheaper than any non-food-court sit-down restaurant on the Strip.Best thing is that the food is presented on plates and not metal heat trays.  I would skip the Asian section (not a lot of variety and it's not the best) and go for the seafood and grill sections.  The selection is pretty limited, but it makes up in quality and taste.As for dessert, I bet they were better than I give them credit.  I was stuffed by the end of dinner, but forced myself to try the creme brulee and homemade pineapple ice cream.  While good, they couldn't live up to that mango pineapple snapper.
4	One of my fave buffet in Las Vegas.   Why?   Because the food is delicious,  high quality , and we never have to wait long for table.   Every time I come ,  there are always new dishes I have never tried before....even new exotic meat.   One station I never pass is Alaskan King crab legs and jumbo shrimp cocktails.  My other fave is the grill station.    Their rack of lambs are to die for.    I can eat 10 pcs in just one visit.   Yes,  their size is microscopic, but they are THAT GOOD.    Don't forget the mint jelly as condiment for the lamb.  Last but not least, SAVE YOUR TUMMY FOR DESSERT!!!!!   try their variety of pastries,  creme brule,  banana foster, and gelato.   Do I think $40 worth it??   Yes, every single bites of it.    The other buffet that rivals Wynn's is Belagio's.   So.....why 4 stars..not 5?    On our last visit,   the host J@#@y  (not the waiter) wasn't that friendly.    Girl,  I know you are tired .....or maybe you haven't been gettin' it....but don't slap your frustration on us
5	Compared to a lot of buffets, this one is pretty much on top of the list. I havent tried Bellagios yet, so that one is next. Gourmet food, and totally worth paying a little bit more for. We went for dinner on a Thursday night (cheaper then fri or sat), it was $33 per person. This is a great price considering a meal at any Vegas Restaurant is usually $50 per person, at least. Such amazing food, good selection, KING CRAB already peeled with TONS of things to choose from. Everyone should try this buffet at least once.
5	The best buffet I've ever had. We stayed here nearly 3 hours trying to slowly sample everything possible.  From the fresh rolled sushi to the mashed potatoes; everything here is like a little piece of heaven.  There's  chicken, prime rib, pizza and everything else you could ever want.  I literally filled up eight different plates and stacked them to complete fullness because of all my options. For $33 this place is a steal, go when you have some extra time and enjoy a long delicious meal making sure to get your money's worth.  I think the Wynn itself is kind of a gaudy overdone hotel, but they definitely overdid the buffet in all the right ways.
5	Dinner buffet price is up to like $37/person now and wait on a Friday night at 5PM was non existent.  Our waitress was A-mazing!!!  My brother liked the tea so much that he asked what it was.  Not did she just tell him what it was but she went out of her way to find and write down the distributor name, website, and product flavor name (it was actually a papaya tea by China Mist).  She also noted that they were just testing out the tea and may or may not continue to serve it in the future but the response from customers has been highly positive.Some new favorite foods this time around to add to the must get list when you come to the Wynn Buffet:1) Chilean seabass (they didn't have this the first time I came here and I'm a big fish lover so you usually don't see this kind of fish served often)2) Spicy tuna hand rolls3) Some kind of buffalo salad4) Mushrooms (marinated in a delicious sauce)5) Key lime pie (I didn't like it before, now I do)
5	We liked the Wynn buffet so much that we came here twice! Although I do NOT eat seafood, there was still a variety of food for me to choose from. The spicy tuna hand roll was delicious! Their prime rib is good depending on the day..the first day we went it was over cooked...the second was PERFECT!The desserts are alright...the creme brulee is a bit watery but still tasty.If you happen to go to the champagne brunch, GET JOOK aka CONGEE. oh man..coming from a CHINESE GIRL...who's parents own a restaurant... their jook.. is VERY flavorful.One of my fav buffets now!Can't say much about the wait because we usually went around 3pm...because that's when we'd finally get ready hahah
2	Admittedly, I came in with high expectations after reading Yelp reviews and from my mother's experience here last year.  My friend Mary and I both came here on a monday for lunch buffet, costing us around $31 each.I don't know if it was because we were exhausted or what... but the food wasn't really that great.  The only standout was the braised lamb risotto;  the broccoli cheese soup was only passable, the kobe beef meatballs and turkey were both dry, the mixed vegetables were slightly raw, and jicama salad with yuzu was not that great - just to name a few of the items I got from the buffet.Didn't have room for dessert, but from the looks of things, it would've been ridiculously amazing.Yes, the buffet is pretty special - there's so much to choose from.  Presentation gets high marks, but quality - which is so much more important - negates those high marks.  I really wished it tasted better.  Instead, I was duly unimpressed.  I even preferred Quark's Bar at the Star Trek Experience over this.  And that's not saying much.
2	Okay the first time I had this buffet... it was amazing and if I yelped back then I would have given it 4/5 stars but recently tried again due to the fond memories... and after waiting nearly 2 hours in line and hot as can be... I'm sad to say that not just me but my whole party was highly disappointed... nothing was as good as we remembered and after waiting 2 hours it was even more upsetting that the meal was not satisfactory to the previous standards we had...Needless to say, yet another buffet I will not be returning to in Vegas.
5	We went to LV last year between Christmas and New year, after numerous research that it's the least crowed time of Vegas, don't like lines.  that was a mistake... it's still very crowed and lines for anything you can do.  and it was 40 degrees!!! the trip was almost a total disaster...until we met "Wynn"We planned to try Belagio that day, but of cuz there's a 2 hour wait, so we gave up and walked a little further to Wynn.  the line was much shorter and moved very fast.  the decor was sorta like Cheese cake Factory where everything is big and in bold color, brand new and very beautiful. then the food...OMG it was so good! tons and tons of fancy choices that I didn't even bother to get crab leg and prime rib (typical vegas buffet staples).   what I really want to point out is the authenticity of their ethnic food.  As least the selection of Asian cuisine, their roasted deck is comparable to what I've had in Hongkong! It's definitely worth the $37 price, highly recommended.
5	Best buffet I've had in Vegas and I've been to most of the major hotel buffets. Everything we ate would have been quite good as an entree or appetizer on its own and desserts were excellent. They also had a nice selection of meats, many of which were lean cuts like flank steak, not just typical prime rib, roast, and ham. The only thing underwhelming was the salads but you aren't there to eat lightly so this wasn't a big deal. Service was also quite attentive and kept our glasses full. At around $38/person for dinner it's not cheap but most decent restaurants we were finding would have cost at least this much just for entrees and a first course, let alone dessert and wine. I will absolutely return to this buffet on my next visit to the sin.
5	Out of the handful of buffets I've eaten at in Vegas, The Buffet at the Wynn tops my list (Le Village buffet @ Paris is #2, Bellagio's buffet is #3). Yes, there is a possibility of a long wait when you go. But stop complaining! Obviously there is a line because the food is GOOD. If you don't want to wait, go to Treasure Island and you'll go in with no wait... you whiny bitches.The service was great. My family's waiter was friendly, and took our plates and refilled our drinks in timely fashion.As for the food... I have to tell you, if you're on a diet, 1) BREAK IT FOR THIS!2) ... why are you in Vegas?3) Then again, if you are, eat wisely. They have tastily-prepared vegetables and sweet, fresh fruits to balance your gorging. (:Honestly, not everything will be perfect. There will be a few things that are just okay. Some are good and great. And the rest? Those foods were crafted to perfection. If you're a seafood person, you should definitely line up for their ginormous pile of fresh king crab legs. I've only gone to this buffet twice, but both times, there are tons of people who are willing to wait in the lines and fill up an entire plate or two with them (although, people like that, such as my parents, regret getting so much a bit after they remember there are other well-prepared foods surrounding them lol).I'll be honest, when at buffets, I don't do the whole "eat all I can" thing with the appetizers and entrees. For me, it's all about the desserts. They have their homemade ice creams/gelatos/sorbets. Not only were there cookies and cakes... there were candied apples! They looked beautiful, but I was past my stomach's limit to sink my teeth into them. 5 stars for variety, taste, service, and cleanliness.
2	Maybe we caught this place on a bad night; I can't imagine where else all the great reviews would come from. But for $40 I expected better. Don't get me wrong, the food wasn't bad. It's just that most of it wasn't good, either.I did enjoy the lamb ribs, one of the kinds of fish, some of the Italian food and most of the desserts. But most of the other stuff just didn't have me wanting to go back for more.The service was very good as was our bottle of wine. But next time (and there will be a next time in Vegas!) I think we'll be picking a different buffet.
4	I'm not a big fan of buffets, but this one surprised me. It's prob the best one I have been to up to date. We waited in line around 2 on a Saturday for about 15 minutes. Not too bad. The entrance to the place is pretty swanky with the ornate flower and fruit concoctions sprawled about. It seems like everyone and their mom stops and takes their picture there. All the food was fresh, which if you have eaten at alot of buffets, is a rare thing. I always get a taste of the prime rib but one thing I noticed different was that they had fresh carved bacon. Now I've never had bacon cut fresh off a slab. It was heaven! I would just go back for that. They also had a couple dishes that I have never seen at a buffet. For example, octopus ceviche or squid ceviche. I'm not a big fan of cakes and pastries, so I usually get the yogurt out of the little machine. But to my surprise, they actually had real ice cream scooped out of a bin just like Baskin Robbins or Coldstone.
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.The line is uber long, but the wait is all worthwhile once you see and taste the food. It's like waiting in line at disneyland, the lines wove around and around. The buffet is about 30 dollars but they have champagne brunch for 36 dollars as well. The champagne is good, they use Freixenet Champagne, which I like, and they also bring you orange juice for mimosas if you ask. The champagne is unlimited and we drank to our hearts content. The food is gourmet from Asian sushi and soups to Italian rissoto and pastas. The thing I found most interesting is that all the food is gourmet, but they had congee with pork sung!! That is the ultimate Vietnamese porridge and we ate that because it was so cheap!! I had to try a bowl and it was delicious. I had mostly breakfast food, but I also meandered to the Italian section to try the lamb rissoto and it is the best risotto i have ever had. I think I had 3 bowls of it. There is a whole dessert room that had different flavors of ice cream, eclairs, cupcakes, doughnuts, and cookies. You can get on a sugar high just being in this room. Even the coffee to sober up was good. I don't think I have anything bad to say about this buffet other than the lines, but it is understandable why is is so long now. The is the BEST buffet ever.
5	Overall good quality but not as exotic as Bellagio's buffet.   I rate it the same as Bellagio's because of the lack of exotic items. However, Wynn's decor is nicer, and more elegant.   Surprisingly, there was not much of a wait at 6:00 pm, only 15 minutes.  It was kind of like one of those nights at a popular amusement park ride where you expected a wait of  atleast 1 hour.  I did not find much sushi, only a couple of different rolls and no sashimi but I was not really looking for buffet sushi.  Their Chinese section was also a bit scant with broccoli beef as the main feature.  Highlights: king crab legs (good with no addictives but just the natural flavor & no dryness), Chilean seabass, prime rib, gourmet salads in an individual cup, gelato, a complete desert section.  Even though some of the categorical sections were a bit scant but overall the quality of everything was higher, better than most Vegas buffets.  I would rate it 4.25 stars but since this is about as good as Vegas buffets - 5 stars.
5	I was absolutely STARVING from 7+ hour drive to Vegas so we checked out some weakass buffet for which we had coupons.  It went something like this: Me: "Hmmm, well it's cheap"Others:  "I don't care either way." Me:  "We're in VEGAS.  We got OPTIONS!! If we eat here, it's one less KILLER place to eat at."  Others:  "We're sold.  Where we going?"  Me:  WYNN BUFFET!  A co-worker told me it's hella good.  Others: OK.....Did I lead my people astray??? Hell naw!!  This place was the best 40 bones I spent last weekend in  Vegas.  Let me count the ways this place rocked: - asthetically, it's so put together you don't even feel like you are in a buffet-STILL WARM pita bread readily available to spread on that oh-so-tasty humus.  Wynning combo!!! -very unbuffet-like prime rib....ohh gaaaaawd-shelled shrimp  and Alaskan King Crab legs halved  so you can absolutely SHOVEL the meat on in your mouth.  -the deserts....cheesecake? killer! Creme brulee....at a buffet?!?!  Are you serious?  Most buffets are hit or miss, but not this one.  As others have mentioned, almost all  the dishes could work as a terrific entree.  All I'm sayin' is I  gave it my all to eat a dent in Stevie W's profits......
5	It was an orgasim in my mouth.  The breakfast buffet is the best in Vegas.
4	At the Wynn Buffet, I experienced two things I never thought would happen at a buffet:1. There was more that I wanted to eat than I could eat,and2. The food was so good, it may be my favorite dining experience in all of Las Vegas.   And I only went for Brunch!!There were omlettes, eggs benedict, waffles, french toast, pancakes, bacon, sausage, and other breakfast things you might expect.  But there was also beautiful sushi, roast pork buns, congee,  spring rolls, enchiladas, 6 different kinds of ceviche, and much, much more than I can type out here.   I could have stayed there and eaten for hours, but my stomach just couldn't handle anymore!   We got to sit in a beautiful court with topiaries, but there are other rooms as well.  The line moves at a decent clip, and the waiter service (for drinks) is decent.  Granted, it's a bit pricey, but I stopped complaining when I saw the selection and quality.
4	I think the food here is better in quality than Bellagio, but the desserts are not as good.
5	Hands down, the best buffett in Vegas!  The two times I've been here were for a late lunch so I can't imagine how good the food is for dinner time.  Unlike, a lot of buffets on The Strip, everything tasted like it was made to order.  Even the sushi was really fresh.  If you're not too stuffed from your meal, the Wynn Buffett has an amazing selection of desserts.  Everything from their home made ice cream to their green tea mousse is just amazing.
5	By far the best buffet that I have been to on the strip.  The staff was very attentive, they even asked if I needed anything special while I was picking food, and the server did not have to be told of more things we needed at our table.  I highly reccommend coming here especially if you want a great dining experience
5	Came here for a sunday brunch. Took one hour from when we got in line to being seated at a table but thank god it was worth it. Cleanest and tastiest buffet in vegas. I think the orange juice might actually be fresh squeezed. Great chilled shrimp. Every piece of cut melon is at the perfect ripeness. COME HUNGRY!
2	Ok so the Wynn hotel is pretty nice.  It caters to high rollers and the super wealthy.  I mean how many other hotels on the strip have a Rolex branded store that actually caries every known model of Rolex including special editions?  The answer is none.  This is 1 of 4 Rolex stores in the world as of 2008 and first one in the USA.  At the same hotel is a Ferrari / Mazerrati dealersihp.  Ok so there's also a high end shipping center but really, I think the Rolex/Ferarri combo says it all.Ok so wouldn't you expect a hotel at this caliber to have an exceptional buffet?  Yeah I did as well.  However, I was grossly dissappointed.  I'm not easily pursuaded and I really have very little prejudices.  I really try to give each location I review a fare shake and be as objective as possible.  The food was flavorless and the selection was 1/3 what it should have been.  The food really was flavorless.  It was pretty bad.  The best parts? (Soup...the best dish in the whole place was the Curry sweet potato soup).  The other really delicious food item was a dessert.  The coffee ice cream was up there among some of the finest.On a very serious note, the Wynn buffet really isn't even worth half of what they charge and I'm only raiting it against other buffets so you know that the standard that I'm using is apples to apples.  Go to Bellagio if you want to see how a buffet should be done in Vegas.
5	The Risotto was kept fresh, all you can eat shrimp, delicious ceviche, and high quality food. I can't believe this place is a buffett.... piece of advice, wear your eating pants.
5	Great buffet.  Many selections and I like most of them.  - Pasta station- Alaskan king crab legs (though I don't eat this)- Prime ribs- Great chinese food station- Great dessert station - especially the chocolate chip cookiesand many more. The line maybe a little long, but it's worth it. Ps,Don't forget to tip people!  15-20% is decent.  Some people may say,"why do I have to tip good when I get my own food?".  Yes. It's true that you get your food, but the stacks of dirry plates didn't walk themselves to the kitchen and the drinks don't get refills with a touch of magic wand.  The servers and bussers make money from the tips. I witnessed 4 people ate like there's no tomorrow with 2 kinds of different beverages each and they only tipped 4 dollars.  Of course, the server got upset. Who wouldn't?!?
4	Pretty good, especially if you like dessert, seafood, and prime rib. A little expensive, but don't forget to tip.I hear it's free if you are a frequent poker player at the Wynn.
5	Fantastic buffet and a great time to see how gorgeous this hotel is. Def caters to the super rich by its decor and furnishings, but gorgeous none the less. The buffet had alot of different choices including King Crab Legs already split down the middle for you, as well as great italian dishes, seafood, shrimp, some sushi, soups, salads, etc. Lots to choose from. The iced tea was also great- it was unsweetened but flavored. Love this place. Dessert bar couldve been better stocked like the buffet at Mandalay Bay. Not enough dessert options, Id def go back to both though next time Im in town.
3	Came for Champagne Brunch. We waited 1.5 hours before we finally got seated! Boo to the LONG wait. There was a good variety. I mean I could always use more. The sushi was very limited. My personal favorite was the prime rib (of course). I like to eat it with bread and an over easy egg. By the time we were ready for Dessert we were stuffed. I grabbed a couple of things and took a bite of each. The best thing was the mimosas. For the most part they kept our glasses filled. I had a nice buzz when we finally left (2 hours later)
4	The Buffet at Wynn was excellent, isn't as great as people hyped it up to be, but a good quality buffet in Vegas.  Price is a bit high, as expected since it's at the Wynn.  Service was good, and food was good as well.  Will go back again when in Vegas.
5	a buffet serving gourmet.
4	Excellent buffett, probably the best "standard hotel" buffet I've had in Vegas.  Loved the cerviches, crab legs, and salads in particular. The prime rib was quite good and it wasn't so "gorge yourself until you explode" vibe you get at cheaper buffetts around town.  Minus points for a relatively weak dessert selection and a very weak selection of fresh fruits. There were plastic mangos everywhere, yet no mangos to be found on the buffett.
5	I felt like a kid in a toy store or an adult at a gentlemen's club at this buffet.  I usually come for brunch but this time I went for dinner.  The wait is usually 45 minutes.  I don't like to dilly dally after the long wait so I went straight for the protein and attacked the rack and lamb and prime rib.  It was definitely worth it.  You can definitely get creative and mix diff flavors together.  This is where I found the love of my life, strawberries with bacon!!
4	Heard a lot of rave things about this buffet, so friends, hubby and I decided to give it a try this past Saturday night.  The price was $37.99 per person, and the wait was more than an hour.  When I got to the pay station, I was jumping for joy because I was so close to the food.  I was quite entertaining for the cashiers.That aside, I gave the buffet a 4-star rating for its variety and quality of ingredients used.  The buffet have various stations such as Salad station, Asian station, Italian station, meat and dessert stations.  I did not try any of the dumplings or dim sum in the Asian station, as we have plenty of good authentic Asian foods in the bay area and I am sure the ones at the buffet wouldn't wow me that much.  I enjoyed the cervices, Italian pastas, lamb shanks, prime rib, and KING CRAB LEGS!!!  All were extremely fresh and tasty.  I have to mention that they seem to use very good quality ingredients, for example the mushrooms in the herb-crusted salmon are fresh and flavorful, onions used in the italian sausage dish was sweet and cooked to perfection, and cherry tomatoes used in salads were also sweet and delectable.For soups, they had clam chowder, corn chowder, chicken noodle and tom yum soups.  The tom yum soup lacked lemon grass flavors.  My Thai friends would surely be disappointed.  But having had so much good Asian foods in the bay area, I guess my standard of quality for Asian foods in the buffet is much higher than an average buffet goer in Vegas.For dessert my friend ordered a crepe from the Dessert station, but they didn't fold it!  She mentioned that she had tasted better in SF anyways so I didn't bother.  The creme brulee was fairly good, and I also had some ice cream with oreo cookies.  For some reason the servers at the dessert station were very grumpy that night; they ignored me for a long time when I was waiting to be served ice-cream, and they were also impatient with my friends.Overall, it was a very good buffet.  I will definitely go back!
4	I got comp for 4 free buffet to any buffet at the Wynn. I heard that the eggs benedit was really off the hook. I went here for breakfast around 11 on a Sunday.  They only put out 5 eggs benedit at a time. There are more in the oven waiting to be put out. So i'm there waiting and pasting back and forth until the put out 5. I went over and grabbed one. I pilled my first plate w/ some eggs (alrite), muffin (not too good), sausage (not bad), and cornbread (not too good). I sat down and ate some off my first plate but the only thing i finished eating was the eggs benedit. MmmmmmI left the first plate and heading to get some more eggs benedit. I walked up at the right time because they put 5 out. I went and grab 2. Lol. All mine. Then i went to grab some fruit and yogurt. Honestly, i'm not a big fan of buffet because i only finish 2 plates. But i really, i had the opportunity to eat here and i really loved it.
5	We came here for dinner last saturday.  My gosh, this is seriously one of the BEST buffets I have ever had!  Each selection tasted as if it came out of a fancy restaurant.  My bf usually aims for eating only the prime rib and king crab legs, but the buffet was so good that he was willing to add other items (such as filler uppers like pastas and veggies).  I especially went back for seconds (or more) for the lamb chops, ceviche, pasta, mushroom risotto with pea puree, and corn chowder soup!Dessert was mediocre though.  Service was terrible at the dessert station.  The lady who served me ice cream would take her time to walk up to me and when she asked what I wanted, she didn't even make eye contact or smile.  Also, although they made crepes at the station, the guy there rushed us through like we were in an elementary school cafeteria.  The staff at the station lacked the professionalism and class Wynn should offer.  But I think the rest of the food was so delicious and the staff in the main buffet stations were so courteous and friendly, I will still give the buffet 5 stars.Be prepared for a long wait if you come during the prime dinner time on a weekend.  We waited for an hour but it was definitely worth it.  Cost is $37.99 per person.  We will definitely come here again!
5	Went there for the first time on Monday, and was pleasantly surprised.  I used to go to the Mirage buffet before, but this one was a lot better!!  Apparently the Wynn buffet is ranked #2 and Mirage #4.  But the difference between 2 and 4 is actually a lot.  The place is gorgeous and everything was so fresh.  It is a bit pricey - I believe $38 on the weekends for dinner.  But when I went there on Monday for lunch it was $25.  So if you are on a budget, go there for lunch during week days.  It's worth it.  Highly recommend it!P.S. if the line is long, get the Wynn Red Card so you can cut the line!  And if you are a poker player, play for a few hours and you get the buffet for free.  Not to mention SUPER cheap room rate.  ($119 on week days and $199 on weekends).
5	we went there with no expectations and wow we loved it. Sooo much tasty quality food.
5	#1 buffet in Vegas (according to me, haha).  I haven't had anything better in LV.  The decor is beautiful and the variety of food accommodates almost everyone and is delicious.
5	This is the best Buffet in Las Vegas nothing more needs to be said!
4	I give the Wynn buffet a slight edge over the Bellagio for the best daily buffet in LV. They've got an excellent variety of cuisines and high-quality proteins (lamb, shrimp, crab, etc.). The decor is bright and cheerful, the food is fresh, and the service is attentive enough. Some of my favorite items are the fresh fruit, cheese, salads and ceviche. All four of these demonstrate their commitment to serving fresh, clean food along side with the more complex buffet staples.
4	Probably the best overall buffet in Vegas(for higher prices ones)  The waits can be long (and tend to bring out all that is wrong with human beings - pushing, line jumping, etc.)  The food is very fresh and there's an awesome variety.  Good place to get the gang to go when no one can make up their minds.
5	This by far is my favorite Vegas buffet.  They have everything that I love to sample, and everything that I love to indulge on.  I have been here a few times and I am never disappointed.  This is my buffet of choice whenever I am in town.My first visit I came here for dinner with my boss, yes it's a little pricey, but totally worth it.  My favorite item that visit was the creamed button mushrooms.  OMG these were awesome!!  Sadly I have returned and have not seen them since.My second visit here I brought my friend that lives in Vegas.  Can you believe that, me bringing her!  Most locals don't venture out onto the strip very often, which is a shame, they miss out on some pretty good eats that way.  We were here forever!  We stayed so long that when we got up to cruise the buffet again the waitress told us "Thank you, have a good evening"  We both laughed and told her that we weren't leaving yet and we would be right back.  I came again on my b-day weekend.  Yes, the whole weekend was devoted to me, not just one day!  Of course I chose this buffet to come to since this trip was all about me.  One of my friends didn't think it was worth the price, but I think that's because she doesn't have good taste like me.  To her the best buffet is at the Rio, which to me that is like eating at Home Town Buffet.  Oh well, I got my way, so there!  We piled our plates up with king crab legs and shrimp, and made to order pastas.  The desert bar is the best in any buffet that I have been to.  They have handmade ice creams, which are super yummy, especially the coconut flavor.  Creme brulees, which are my fav, I can sit there and just eat that the whole time I'm there if you let me.  Candy apples, crepes, cookies, cakes, tarts, all super delicious.If you don't mind spending a little more and getting great food, this is a definite stop while in Vegas.  You won't be disappointed!
4	i'm not a HUGE fan of buffets just because i feel like i never get my moneys worth, and because the food usually isn't that great. the wynn buffet is pretty good for being a buffet that serves thousands upon thousands of hungry, greedy ppl.came here the night before nye, after a long trek of 10 hours on the road. the line was pretty long, and all 5 of us were pretty tired, and starving. but we decided to wait the estimated 1.5 hours to get in. as we inched a little bit closer, my friend s2kev says he doesn't feel well. then all of a sudden... he faints! after security rushes to the scene, a hoard of spectators, a random tiger palm guy, and an old lady yelling 'is he chinese?' (wtf??), we're told we can go to the front of the line. woohoo! we all give my friend a high-five, even if he was pretty exhausted!the food selection was good, and the quality was good considering it was a buffet...
4	The bufett at Wynn is my 2nd favorite place after Bellagio. They have the King Crab legs, although my only complaint is that there is a long wait just to get the Crab legs. Wynn has a strange setup whereby you get the food at food carts where you can only access the food from one side, and the other side is pushed against a wall. This creates extremely long queues, whereas the food carts at Bellagio buffet are all open space, where you can easily grab your food from all four corners. Another negative thing, is that the sushi range is quite poor for such a reputable Casino. Price wise, I remember it being a couple of dollars more expensive that Bellagio; which in my opinion doesn't make sense. However, I am a big fan of their pasta section. You basically tell the chef what type of pasta, sauce and meat and they will cook it up for you on the spot. My favorite is the pesto sauce, delicious!Nonetheless, I still give it 4 stars for being a high class Vegas buffet.
4	came here with my family last weekend....i don't know how to compare buffets but the wynn and bellagio buffets are prob the top buffets on the strip...(atleast from what i hear)wynn didn't disappoint. the wait was pretty long...around an hour and a half...luckily my dad and cousin stood in line while the sisters and i walked around the hotelcrab legs were delish. and the prime rib. and everything else. i dont even remember what i ate but everything is pretty damn good..................yay wynn
4	Buffet at the Wynn.... I'M STUFFED!When I grabbed my first plate I was in awe at all the different types of gourmet cuisines.  I felt like Charlie when he visited Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory!   Lemme tell you I got my grub on and with Yelp in mind I made sure to try out everything!  Quality is key and the Wynn definitely  don't pinch pennies.  They have the plumpest shrimp cocktails, juiciest tender prime rib and a very proud salad selection (over 6 salad cups).They have a Pasta station where you can choose type of pasta and ingredients (grilled cloves of garlic my fav).  Meat station...was a hit!  Yummy sausage links, prime ribs, lamb and more.  The hispanic dude carving was a jerkoff tho- he kept saying "neehou" and I told him I wasn't Chinese and he still kept saying crap in Mandarin!  Seafood station....was a miss.DO NOT come for the CRAB!  Wynn serves cold crab legs and it's cut in half for you which is supposed to make it easier to eat but actually makes it harder to get out the crab meat!  For Seafood go to RIO SEAFOOD BUFFET- they have hot and cold crab legs and hot lobster tails too!Dessert station...a miss.  It  faked me out!   The bright red candied apple was harder than a rock and I couldn't break the hard candy shell.  The creme brulee looked perfect until I took a bite and saw the custard was watery soup.  *pout*  Such a tease... I tried telling the lady worker that the Creme Brulee was bad but she didn't speak any English!I was a bit disappointed at the Wynn Buffet after hearing such great reviews I expected more.    All in all it's a great buffet but there more misses than hits for me.  I give it a 4 star for presentation, selection and quality.  BUT....Go to Rio for seafood crab legs and oysters,  Grand Luxe Cafe at the Venetian for yummy sandwiches and shrimp scampi and Wynn Buffet for prime rib.
5	This is the best buffet place in Vegas. It's probably also the most expensive =P. At any rate, on a good night (Friday/Saturday), they have great food. Prime Rib, rack of lamb, seafood, all the good stuff. I loved how they cut the crab legs in half... made it so much easier to eat without any work. The dessert also rocks. I loved the creme brulee and the crepes.The sucky parts about this place? Lines are long (at least an hour on the peak days), and my stomach feels like crap from eating so much (but satisfied nonetheless) after I leave this place.
3	Not all it's hyped up to be. After trying Paris, Rio, and this place, my vote is still for Paris or Rio. The decor and layout is so cute. However, the quality of food pales in comparison to Paris buffet. We came for Sunday brunch and it looooooked good, I thought I was gonna be hitting the fatty zone. However, after overloading my plates, to my disappointment, after a bite or so, I was done. Felt bad for wasting the food but it wasn't that good.Memorable: Fresh peeled grapefruit in a bowl. Gelato bar.
5	Good God, what a nice buffet. I remember coming here two times this past year and both times were great. Three plates and dessert is usually the limit for me.The setting in which you eat is actually quite elegant. There were a lot of floral designs and flowing curtains, if you're into that kind of stuff. The servers were pretty attentive and brought back refills and bussed plates pretty quickly.I found out that sodas and teas didn't cost extra. All this time I was torturing myself with water because I thought anything else would cost extra.I did notice that a lot of the food is Asian oriented. Could this be because most of the people who gamble are Asian?? Is Mr. Wynn really Mr. Nguyen?
2	I love buffets.  Dude, I would eat SO MUCH that walking would be painful.  I'd eat so much I'd be full for an entire 24 hours or even longer.  Yup, that's how much I gorged myself at Las Vegas Buffets.Just two days ago, my malicious, self-indulgent overfeeding came to an end.  Oh my gosh, the food here is mediocre at best!!!  I went here just last December and I thought it was pretty good.  I came here again this week and couldn't finish anything I got!Again, my friend and I tend to go to restaurants in the transition time between bfast and lunch, so we caught the last end of the breakfast buffet and the beginning of lunch there. .. it was exciting cos it was like getting two meals in one.  However, both were disappointing.The Chinese bbq pork (I know, what am I doing trying to eat dim sum at a casino restaurant. . .it spells disaster).  I didn't even attempt to eat it, cos once I took it out of the bamboo box steamer, the soft white bread became rock hard.  The fried chicken was dry and tough, the fish was dry and flavorless.  The only things I managed to finish were the shrimp cocktails and the ribs, both of which I can name twenty other places where I can get the same or better.Dude, I can't even remember what else I got. The sushi was lame, the the spicy tuna handroll was pretty good, and their freshly baked breads were all good.  Except you don't go to buffets to eat bread. . .that's like filling your stomach up with water!  Blasphemy!  The Italian and Mexican fare were all unmemorable and the desserts were whatever.  The bread pudding looked dry and the only dessert my bf and I managed to finish was the spiced apple walnut cake.We're gonna try to Rio Seafood Buffet next time (we heard good things about it) or the Paris buffet (the bf remembers their kabobs and crepes with quite fondness)
5	Went back to Vegas again and of course, had to stop by the Wynn buffet!The BF and I went on a Sunday night this time (vs. Saturday the last time we were in Vegas). Saturday's are better since they have prime rib and NY steak. Also their dessert selection is better on Saturdays.Still worth 5 stars.
4	The Wynn buffet has been on my radar for awhile and being a local, you usually don't hang out on the strip much, and you definitely don't eat the buffets unless you have guests in town.And since the folks were visiting, we found ourselves walking in around 3:15 on a weekday.  The cool thing about coming around this time is that you pay the lunch price, but the dinner food starts coming out.  And you definitely beat the crowds - both in line and when you're getting your food.  Going early is definitely worth it then for those reasons! Like Caroline C. said, the interior reminds you of a Martha Stewart wedding with the pastel colors, flowers, and fake fruit displays.  Not only do they have a long list of food to choose from, but they present it pretty nicely too.  And the descriptions sound a lot better as well.  They know that visual presentation helps with selling the food here!  You definitely don't see this style of buffet at the other casinos! Highlights when I went were the snow crab legs and drawn butter, ravioli in mushroom cream sauce, various toppings for their ice cream, and the creme brulee.  Service was okay.  There was a shift change when we arrived (Jesus greeted us, but Chris took over right away), so I think the person taking over our table overlooked us.  Beverages were only refilled when asked and dirty dishes were never cleared unless requested.  (We noticed Chris was a lot more friendlier to the other tables beside us and I think it's because he didn't know we just had sat down as well.)Overall, it's a pretty expensive buffet in Vegas.  Not the most expensive in town, but very much up there.  It's only worth it for dinner if you can eat your fair share and you're not a vegetarian.  Otherwise, come during lunch instead! Breakfast: Monday through Friday, 8:00 am to 10:30 am ($17.95)Lunch: Monday through Friday, 11:00 am to 3:30 pm ($21.95)Dinner: Sunday through Thursday, 3:30 pm to 10:00 pm ($33.95)Friday and Saturday, 3:30 pm to 10:30 pm ($37.95)Saturday and Sunday Brunch, 8:00 am to 3:30 pm ($29.95 w/o champagne, $36.95 with champagne)Children 3-8 years old half price.18% gratuity for parties of 7 or more.
5	As far as buffets go, this is one of the best I've been to.  Nothing that we tried had that institutional flavor-even the fried chicken was good.A word of advice, if you're going to the Wynn to try the buffet, then gamble there first and sign up for the red card.  When you get 150 points, you can cash them in for 2 free buffets.  Now onto the food.  Soups were excellent.  They had 3 chowders-manhattan, new england, and corn.  We had the manhattan and new england and they were very good.  they had gazpacho which looked good but I had to save room for the other stuff.  Prime Rib-excellent.  Lamb Chops-dry and tough.  Alaskan King Crab Legs-Excellent-not your tiny legs you see most everywhere else.  The asian food was excellent you would have thought they had a Chinese cook on staff.  Salads were very good particularly the ones in the glasses.  The seaweed salad was the bomb.I love their chocolate mousse brownie along with the ice cream.  The creme brulee was awesome according to the wife.  I highly recommend the saturday night faire.  definitely worth the money.
1	total shit. tasted horrible. came here for a party buffet gathering. i walked around the place. got a prime rib with some gravy. the prime rib was horribly cut by the chef and it was hard as a rock... the steak knife couldn't even cut through the cook meat. The cutting wasn't well done either, so really don't understand why its so hard. this shows how bad the quality meat they use. i let the waitor take away that whole cut after i tried one piece. HORRIBLE The chicken also sucks. it taste like shredded cardboard box. for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food. the 1 star goes to the dessert selection.  dessert was way better then the actual food
5	The Gist:  Layout is exactly like The Buffet at Bellagio.  Food is better!  Get  in line before 12PM on a Sunday.Came here on recommendation.  We were disappointed with Bellagio so we weren't sure what to expect when we arrived at The Buffet at The Wynn considering the layout is exactly the same.  However,  I feel the quality of preparation is a lot better than the Bellagio.      I recommend to get in line before 12 PM on a Sunday.  We got there around 11 AM and there was already a line.  By 12 the line had extended into the main corridor.   Your're bound to find something you like here.  But remember to save room for dessert, especially the little strawberry cupcakes and coffee gelato.
4	went here and i loved the prime rib and da snapper wit mango salsa. many choices and really clean and fancy. great choices for desserts too.
4	I come to Vegas to eat at buffets. I love the vast amount of selections and the quality of the food. I also like to take my time while I'm eating at buffet so I usually come during mid-afternoon after the long lines and rush. There is no elbowing the person in front of you to get the best part of the prime rib or sticking my foot out while reaching out for the most caramelized creme burlee crust.The price of admission is already paid with a side of Alaskan crab legs and a slice of med-rare prime rib. They do dedicate a small section to sugar-free dessert for people who want to save the calories for another batch of deep fried scallops. I never fail to miss a visit to the Wynn buffet whenever I'm in town.I reserved a small section to hold my wedding reception dinner. I treated my guests like kings: Surf and Turf = alaskan crab legs and prime ribsAll the other fixing and they can have as much as their heart desired.
4	Great buffet, but way too pricey for me. It was very pretty inside compared to the ugly, bright pink maid-looking outfits that the hostesses have to wear. It's probably so expensive because of the variety of foods they have. There was italian, chinese, japanese, seafood, soups, salads, bbq, etc. Lots of cute little desserts to choose from :) This is a nice place to have lunch or dinner at.
5	I went here on a Saturday Champagne Brunch.  Line wasn't too bad, we had to wait for about 20-25 minutes i believbe.  the layout was perfect there.  there was everything that you can imagine when it comes to breakfast/lunch.  i remember their dessert selections which was dream filling... ten thumbs up it is!  i should try bellagio buffet now when i go there in december :)
3	I thought Vegas buffets were supposed to be better... yes the display looked nicer, but the food was still... ehhh it's still a damn buffet.
3	I can't believe I waited in line for about 45 minutes to eat at this buffet!  So make sure you set your alarm clock and arrive early or you will wait in a line that resembles those lines at Great America (or any other amusement park).   We decided to go here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon, and chose this casino because it was one of the newest on the strip.  The price was somewhat steep, around $30.  The decor was quite impressive when you first enter, it reminded you as though you're about to have tea in England.  We had a very large party so we were forced to separate into two groups.  From Italian to Asian to American, they had an okay variety of food, but only had a couple of dishes to choose from.  I just wish that they replenished more frequently, I had to make several trips back to see if they replenished a dish.  Waiting for food was bearable, compared to other buffets where you just want to scream at the person in front of you to hurry and make a selection.  The quality was pretty good, I'll say that much compared to other buffets.  I was quickly stuffed after my first plate, and I forced myself to taste a little of the plethora of dessert choices, it had it's own room!  If anything, I wish I had room for the dessert, it all looked so good.Service was okay, maybe because our waiter was a little busy, it was hard to find him right away.Overall:Cleanliness:  AFood:  BPrice:  BService:  B---------------------Grade:  B
5	I don't go to Vegas to gamble. (Not that I'm old enough yet. haha SOON)  I go for their top buffets! This buffet is THE BEST. They have a huge variety of food ranging from Asian food to Italian.. to everything. Their crabs legs and shrimp cocktail are yummy and fresh! The waiters and waitresses for the drinks are really polite and nice. I could eat at this buffet all day. One more thing, I know this may sound pretty Asian of me, call me cheap, whatever, I think it's super smart, but I go between the ending of lunch time and the start of dinner, so I get both for the lunch price! There's not THAT much that they change from lunch and dinner besides the big stuff like crab legs and roast beef, but the price is like $12 more for dinner. So I think I'm pretty SMART. :)For the best buffet on the strip, the Wynn, wins. (I had to. HAHA)
5	Holy crap.  This place was food heaven.You walk in and they charge you forty bucks a person for dinner.  You say WTF?  It's a buffet.  Forty bucks?  Really?Then you enter a beautifully decorated dining room.  You decide to get up and fix yourself a plate.  You have to walk through the dessert ROOM to get to the other food.  They have homemade candied apples in there.  And a man making sundaes.  And homemade donuts and all kinds of other sugary treats.  But you keep walking because you want to find the savory stuff first.And there's so much of it.  You don't know where to start.  So you just start loading up your plate with endless piles of the most delicious buffet you could ever imagine.  It's not just a huge selection of mediocre food - it's a huge selection of deliciuos food.You stuff yourself silly and then empty out one of the smaller shopping bags you have in your purse and take home delicious cookies for later.Yes, that's pathetic, but, yes, we totally did it.  Was great drunk food for later when we were plastered.Two very enthusiastic thumbs up.  Best buffet in Vegas.
4	I love this hotel when you come to party and gamble. But i guess when you get so blasted you can not taste supposedly  one of the best in Vegas Champagne brunch. I stll love my $98 dollar Ritz Carlton, HMB.......but while your here in Vegas what happens here stays here and your food that you eat here comes back out regardless. So for food here Ehhh......even a cup a noodle probably taste the same. But the booze, hot bodies and ENDLESS parties are the BOMB!!!!!!!!!!
4	One of the better buffet choices in Las Vegas, in my humble opinion. It's not as good as I remembered it being when they first opened (i believe they had  more variety back then), but it definitely isn't bad either. The food is fresh and of decent, if not good, quality. The desserts are wonderful, particularly the strawberry shortcakes and the fresh, made-to-order crepes. I had three of them. I really have nothing to complain about. When I go back to Vegas, the Wynn buffet will continue to be one of the top choices on my list.
2	A few years ago, I told myself I was done w/ Vegas buffets.  It was around the time I realized my taste buds had finally matured somewhat and I was more about the quality than quantity.  And it's not that I'm now this quality snob nor am I turned off by the sight of massive amounts of food...  I would just rather spend $40 (or more) at a nice steakhouse (there are plenty in Vegas).Having said that, this buffet, while better than Bellagio's, was okay.  The prime rib and crab legs were pretty good and the dessert selection was good but... I won't be coming back here again.  Nothing else really stood out to me.If I ever go to Vegas with you, please don't suggest eating at a buffet; I'd appreciate it.
4	Talk about a meal with variety! Maybe it was meant to be that I woke up starving in my hotel room on 2pm after an evening of debauchery. Front Desk informed me that the buffet was going to stay open until 3:30pm so we stumbled our way through the velvet ropes and entered the Spearmint Rhino of buffets (whatever that is). It was meant to be because we caught our meal just in time as they were switching the dishes, replacing breakfast with lunch/dinner en trees. Talk about scoring a 2 for 1... It went from:- Personalized omelet chef, including options of eggs or just egg whites- Shrimp cocktail, can't have too much, shell fish allergies. But it was fresh, nice and cold, and the size of the shrimp was no Sizzler shrimp.- Personalized congee sous chef... Congee? I thought I was home for a minute!- Prime Rib, cooked to near perfection. Take it easy on the Horseradish, it has a good kick.- sliced bacon, cooked to near perfection- Eggs Benedict was par.To:- Lamb Chop, I might of had 6 of them. If you've got the eclectic pallet, throw in a scoop of mint jelly.- Rotisserie Chicken, didn't waste my time or money, don't know, it looked great.- Oven roasted turkey, see Rotisserie Chicken.- King crab legs, your best bang for the money, it was delish. Melted butter juice was served separately in a cup. I could care less about the shell fish allergy.- Pork chops- Omelet station became a "build your own pasta" station- Congee station became a "build your own noodles" station- Chef's Choice - a dish that rotates every 30 minutes or so.  It started off with Mussels but I don't know what came next. I was completely stuffed.I almost want to write a separate review on the desert station. From crapes made on the spot to apple pie/vanilla ice cream to creme brulee that melts in your mouth, cakes, pastries, ice cream, pies after pies, too many to list.Oh yeah, they have fruits and vegetables as well, but I wouldn't be able to give you a fair review, or any review for that matter, on the space fillers.You say why didn't I give them a 5 star? I say Fried Chicken. It was marginal. Hard to believe? I know, I was shocked also. They didn't have any breast or wings, and it was a bit soggy.  Maybe it was the 2:45pm showing, who knows.
5	my fav buffet in vegas! i had to have my fav...red snapper wit mango salsa! it was so good. lots of choices...the prime rib was good..the udon noodles..lots of choices for dessert! cant wait to go bak!
3	In one word: meh. I haven't done the whole Vegas buffet thing, so I don't have a lot to compare it to, but I keep hearing that the Wynn Buffet is the best. If this is the best, I'm afraid of what else is out there. The food was ok but not that good, and definitely not amazing. I did go to the lunch so there were no crab legs, etc., so maybe dinner is a whole other story. Maybe. But I think large buffets just tend to skimp a little on quality in favor of quantity regardless of when you eat.If I hadn't won 2 free buffets I don't think I would have been happy paying the $22 + tax per person for lunch. What does make it worthwhile (if you love desserts) is the variety of good dessert selections.  Additionally, beverages are included, and if you get there early enough they will have fresh squeezed orange juice.The Wynn buffet is probably the largest I've been too, but after circling the buffet twice, I only found a handful of items that looked appetizing enough to put on my plate. Of the things I ate:DECENT: Manhattan clam chowder, squid ceviche, mashed potatoes, grilled corn, salads, fresh fruitJUST OK: BBQ ribs, fried chicken--a little too sweet, cha siu bao (chinese pork buns), shu mai (dumplings)BAD: pasta--white sauce & cheesy kinds, white rice from the asian sectionAs for desserts, they all looked good. There are no dessert tasting restaurants where I live, so I love having the opportunity to try different sweets in one sitting. Overall, the desserts did not disappoint. BEST: caramel eclairGOOD: cheesecake, banana chocolate cake, madeleineOK: ice cream--a little eggy, carrot cakeBAD: mini cupcakes--oily, not very flavorful, too much frostingEven though I enjoyed the desserts I don't think I'll be returning to the buffet. I think I would rather pay a little more and go to a restaurant where I know I'll get a good meal.For info on skipping the line and free buffets via the Wynn Player's card (The Red Card) check out my review of the Wynn:http://www.yelp.com/biz/wynn-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:B9ZZ0mwHbb8nD4EgsDl-Kg
5	This buffet is such a good deal although I don't remember the actual price! I go whenever I stay at the Wynn because the selection and quality are top notch. This is easily the best buffet in Las Vegas, hands down. Great desserts, carving stations, food stays warm, good service, beautiful setting... SUCH a good deal!!
3	Very good, but not as good as the Paris.I would consider myself a buffet expert, having eaten at 18 different buffets.  I look at the quality of food, choices atmosphere,  and price.With those qualities in mind, Here's how I rate them:Paris-#1Bellagio-tie for#2Wyn-tie for#2Planet Hollywood-#3Mandalay Bay-#4Rio-#5Luxor-#6Station buffets-#7LV Hilton-#8MGM Grand-#9Treasure Island-#10South Point-#11Ballys-#12Sahara-#13Excalibur-#14Circus Circus-#15
3	For the price of $23 for the lunch, the food QUALITY is not so great. I've had Bellagio, Ceasars, and Paris Buffet's and this Buffet has alot of selection in terms of different regions of the world ie asia, mexico, etc, but nothing too unique. One thing for sure is that I didn't like the quality of food here at all. Everything was bland, tasteless. Alot of the dishes were cold and I came out completely unsatisfied. Their sushi selection was a joke. A nice touch was the homemade ice cream, but even that was kind of bland. Go to the Paris buffet instead. Better quality, better selection.You won't get Creme Brulee or crab legs at lunch =(
4	The food  was great! Crab legs, lamb, pasta bar, grilled asparagus, and Prime RIb was yum! I've been going to Bellagio and Rio buffet, but Wynn tops them all!
5	Hands down my most favorite buffet in Vegas and anywhere else for that matter! It's exceptional. We have eaten here for lunch and for dinner. Dinner, obviously, had more food then lunch and I would say is the better option. I think it was like $34 or so a person and is well worth that. You get your money's worth. The place itself is beautiful and kept immaculatly clean. The buffet area never got too crowded where you felt annoyed, the waitresses do a great job of clearing out your old plates and bringing drinks, and the food is excellent! I don't think I disliked a single thing I ate here. You can choose from Chinese, American, Italian, salad bar, seafood, and more....the deserts were awesome, too. They have a sundae section where you can pick out different toppings to go on whatever ice cream you want and then not to mention all the cheesecake, carrot cake and cookies you can imagine! It's really over the top and a must-do I think if you are visiting Vegas. The hotel itself is a site to see, it's really spectacular. I highly recommend it.
4	Went here for brunch on a Saturday. Lucked out to avoid a line. A little pricey for brunch, but what isn't pricey in Vegas. Champagne made it worth it. Quality ingredients made it top notch. Has to be the best buffet in Vegas in my opinion.
5	last time i went to Vegas was 8 years ago...with my parents. now that i at of "age" i stayed at the wynn which is very nice and elegant. my co-work told me to check out the buffet there because it was one of the best buffet in vegas.it was $34 per person...to me i thought it was very pricey for a buffet but the food was worth it. prime ribs, snow crab legs, pasta bar, tasty desserts was all worth it. i couldn't get enough of the crab legs! i wish i brought my buffet bag and took some home haha =]
5	everything is delicious!
3	The food is fine, but the service and the wait suck.  They had a Portugese sausage that I remembered liking when I visited Portugal last year.  That was fun.  Otherwise, I guess I was reminded that I just don't care much about buffets anymore.  They used to be a great value, and they were certainly easier to do when I was younger.  Nowadays, I can take them or leave them.  As for the Wynn casino itself, it is seriously tacky, even for Vegas, and way over the top.  My wife remarked that it was the kind of place that a 55 year old guy would take his 28 year old girlfriend after he bought her a boob job.
5	The Wynn Buffet is my new favorite on the strip, it demolishes the notion that buffets need serve only lackluster food. From the salads to the deserts this place is the best. I saw some guy videotaping the desert bar, that's how delicious the food is there, just take my word for it.Quick Tip for the people with champagne tastes on a beer budget: head down there about 3:15, you can pay the lunch price and about 3:45 they start rolling out the crab legs and nicer dinner entrees. So I think you will save about 10 bucks a person. It is also nice because the buffet doesn't close for hours between lunch and dinner, so when you feel like being a "gluten" you can head down when your "sloth" ass rolls out of bed at 2:30. Seriously though go check it out.
5	This is heaven for me.  Ask one of the servers at the carving station to throw a thick slice of prime rib on the grill.  You'll thank me later.
4	My best friend and I headed to Vegas for a relaxing weekend away and stayed at the Wynn hotel for our long weekend.On Saturday we chose to hit up the champagne brunch at the hotel. WOW! It was great! Awesome selection and variety! They had everything from fresh fruit, hot and cold cereal, eggs benedict, fresh "create your own" omelets, prime rib, hand carved roasted bacon, enchiladas, seafood and ceviches, dim sum and a tantalizing dessert bar! From the outside it doesn't look all the big inside but it's really huge and have these fun topiary like chandeliers hanging in the center of the restaurant. I especially liked that we got to bypass the HUGE line of people because we were hotel guests! Here's what I tried:Mini belgian waffles- YUM! YUM! They're about 2" x 2" and you have a choice of warm maple syrup, strawberry or blueberry compote. I had a couple with the blueberry compote....soooo scrumptious! Fresh fruit- very sweet!Eggs benedict w/ tazzo ham- yummy but it didn't stay warm and luke warm eggs and hollandaise is not so appetizing.Salmon w/ capers- Delish! BBQ Pork bao- not the best I've had but not too bad either. Breakfast pizza- a bit unusual but good nonetheless. They all were on a crispy thin crust, with eggs and cheese and either veggies, sausage or plain. Gives an all new meaning to having pizza for breakfast! Dessert! They have a whole separate room devoted to desserty goodness! From danishes and breads, mini cupcakes, cookies, eclairs and scooped gelato and sundaes. So much desserty goodness! One of the better buffets I've had. When in Vegas a must try!!!!
2	way expensive like $40 a person-nothing special & they charge your credit card for a mandatory tip. Lots of better buffets on the strip.
4	Pretty. I can sum up The Buffet at the Wynn in just one single word. From the elaborately decorated dining hall to the plethora of food on display, it was pure eye candy. And it wasn't bad on the stomach either!Let me set the scene. The restaurant was filled with fake, oversized fruit trees, and mint-green striped wall paper. I was indoors, but I definitely felt like I was in a perfectly-pruned, fairytale-like garden. I was Alice and I was eating in Wonderland. On with the amazing food. We came here for brunch and after waiting for about twenty minutes, we were seated. Three walls of the buffet were filled with every single brunch entree imaginable. Starting from your normal breakfast staples like cereal, sausages and pancakes the line of food went on to cross country lines with pizza, pasta, chow mien, and dim sum. I give The Buffet a "pat on the back" with their offering of jook, a Chinese rice porridge complete with the fixings including thousand year old egg bits. I'm also impressed with the omelet bar which served piping hot omelets with whatever your heart desires. Love it!The Dessert section of the buffet made me feel like a kid in a candy store. I didn't know what to choose! Ultimately I settled on the ice cream which was good, a rich chocolaty brownie, and a candied apple. I was surprised they even had candied apples to choose from and although I didn't particularly like it, the offering did not go unnoticed. The brunch may be a little bit pricey ($30 for the buffet, $6 for the champagne option) but it's well worth the price. Bottom Line: Food was great and setting was even better. Be prepared to enter into the magical world of all-you-can-eat heaven.
3	Like eating in a beautiful garden!      + 1 star Extraordinary selection     + 3 stars Ice cold crab legs?!     - 1 star The gee-whiz factor on the desserts      + 2 stars The server who removed my plate while I was perusing said gee-whiz desserts and put my silverware ON THE TABLE      - 2 stars I would not have expected that at THE WYNN. 3 stars total. Maybe I'm just not a buffet kind of girl. Unless, here's an idea....how about a GEE-WHIZ DESSERT ONLY BUFFET?!?!?!
4	I have eaten at  almost every [casino] buffett in vegas.This still is only my opinion and taste..The buffett at the Wynn is maybe most beautiful,and the food is good its not my favorite.Day in and day out I chose to eat at the Mirages cravings buffett.Its maybe $10. cheaper and I like the food better.Well maybe not the derserts..For breakfast the buffett at the Orleens for $6. cant be beat..
4	This is not your typical buffet. If I had a backyard, I wish it would lead into the Borders and the Wynn Buffet! The quality of the food isn't the best, but it is very good for the selection that they offer.And the achilles' heel? The dessert ... because i'm a sucker for pastries, sweets, and snacks ... pretty much everything that will give you a heart attack.... I might end up falling asleep and dreaming about the Wynn Buffet .... ahhhh
5	the best buffet in Las Vegas! Love it been there two times now and nothing less than excellant! Better than the Bellagio
5	Ok, this really is as good as it gets when it comes to buffet.  I am no fan of buffets, but somehow I keep getting dragged to them.  I think it has to do with the big eaters I hang out with.  I mean, I'm a big eater..but these people just eat so much more all at once than I can.  Anyway.I was soooo happy that I was brought here.  I couldn't believe my eyes!  So many stations, with really edible looking food.  Even a gelato station to boot!    I stuffed myself with numerous spicy tuna handrolls, and all of the really gourmet-looking things (which was actually most of the things I could see...seriously, unbelievable that it's a buffet).  We went to the Bellagio buffet the next day, and there was no comparison.  Oh, and the price.  It was good.  Somewhere in the 20's I believe.
5	this buffet really is the best buffet in vegas.  better than bellagio and any other comparable buffet.  the price is comparable with bellagio's.  the wynn buffet not only BEAUTIFUL, but the food is great as well.  also, the service is awesome!  they efficiently remove your plate everytime you leave and replace your napkin!best of the buffet:prime ribwafflesmashed potatoes
2	I heard good things about this buffet and was really excited to try it.  My bf and I waited in line for 30 min.  The scenery is nice but the food selection was a big disappointment.   The crab legs weren't that great, the rest of the food was nothing to write home about either.  The sign said that they had creme brulee ( my favorite dessert)  and of course, they didn't have creme brulee!!!!  Pretty much the only thing I like was the pear waldorf salad.  I had the Bellagio Buffet and it was better.  If you're going to pay over $30 for a buffet, go to Bellagio
4	a group of us came here for brunch on sunday morning. they offer champagne or bloody mary if you desire an alcoholic beverage with your meal. i opted for the non-alcoholic meal and paid about $37.there was definitely a plethora of options, including:seafood, mexican, carving station, made-to-order omelet station, asian (including sushi, some dim sum and congee), italian, salad bar, fruit, and an extensive dessert section with cakes, pies, cookies, etc. i didn't even get to that section because i gorged myself on everything else. i don't have much experience with other vegas buffets, and i know the brunch buffet doesn't include some things that the dinner buffet does, but overall i thought the wynn buffet was pretty good. not spectacular, and like most buffets was hit-or-miss, but there were more hits than misses and i wouldn't be averse to returning to try the dinner buffet in the future.
4	don't be fooled or misguided by the reviews of bitter people who had to wait in the line for hours upon hours or for the people who could not afford to spend 50 bucks but was pressured by the situation amongst peers to do it so they wouldn't be left out.the wynn buffet is GREAT. notice now i said "great", by all means that DEFINITELY does not mean perfect. it is STILL a buffet and food is definitely not cooked for you personally nor on the spot. You still overwhelm your taste buds with a variety of flavors which just arent supposed to go together so that you can "get your money's worth".. many of times that's why people say the food sucks.they have rack of lamb, and it is delicious, that is very impressive in my opinion. their seafood is CLEANED SUPER WELL, which is worth 50 bucks in itself. the king crab legs are cracked open for you with self serve melted butter so that all you have to do is scoop it out with a fork. the shrimp is de shelled for you so that you're not making a complete mess of your table. this is a great buffet, the wait is long (i waited 45 minutes), the price is 50 for dinner. i DEFINITELY recommend this buffet.p.s. to the reviewer  below some odd numbers, they DO serve creme brulet, right next to where they have crepes.
4	HAHAHAHAHAH.I couldn't help typing that.  My family and I came here for our Thanksgiving dinner this past weekend.  We arrived around 6:00 pm and the line was too amazing (sarcasm).  The line extended all the way across the hall down to the other restaurant/cafe.  I asked what the wait time was and the lady managing the V.I.P. line said around 2.5 hours.  I later overheard someone saying they waited for FOUR HOURS!  Thankfully, my father had a V.I.P. line pass, so we only waited for 20 minutes.  Regularly, price for dinner is around $35.  Because Steve Wynn is greedy and knew people would eat here no matter what the price was, he decided to jack up the price to $50/person for this "special holiday" dinner.This buffet remains my favorite buffet in Vegas simply because they have a good amount and variety of different ethnic foods including Italian, Asian, American, etc.  Though it seems that the quality of the food seems to have degraded over the past 2 years, it's still good food.  About 98% of the entire buffet is edible and delicious.  The desert selection is also fabulous.  There are cookies, creme brulee, cake, brownies, crepes, gelato, and so much more!  If you're on a budget and you're only going to eat at one buffet during your visit to Vegas, I strongly recommend this one!
3	Wasn't as good as I hoped. First there is a huge line. The decor is gorgeous with the french design and flowers. But we're here for food.  To start the salad bar is nice.The american meat.. Sucked. Horribly cooked. The sea food... The salmon was good. Like the other reviews here. The grab legs .. not so good. By biggest dispointment was the lack of dessert! No creme Brulee! No delicious little brownies. Some tart stuff.. eh. But it was clean. And the staff was nice.But Seriously people. Go somewhere else if you want a good buffet with out the line. like... Dishes! :)
4	We went during lunch time in the middle of the day to beat any rush or big lines. Prices were ok, about $21 a person. The food was very good, obviously the quality is top notch for the price. Im sure they have all the very expensive seafood for dinner so there was toned down menu for lunch. They had great steak fajitas, I ate about 10 of them, their raviolis were awesome too. Soups were average at best and service was decent, they cleared plates pretty quickly. Overall a great meal, but  maybe a bit too expensive for a basic lunch menu, i dunno maybe Im just cheap.
1	One of the worse buffets I've had in quite awhile.  We waited 30 minutes online because the computers were down so people had to take your orders by hand and call in every credit card authorization.  In a hotel that costs $250+ per night, you'd think they take credit cards?  Most of the food was left on the counter for quite some time, making the dishes very dry and tough to eat.  The flavor wasn't great either and the sushi tasted like something from a cheap Japanese take out restaurant.  The roast beef and cutlery meats were raw and undercooked.  They did have some crab legs and shrimps.  The desserts were disappointing as well, nothing great.  I've just been to a Royal Caribbean cruise and I would rather have their daily buffet than this $40 per person disappointment.
4	Buffet's are bad.  Wait, I take that back, they are dANGEROUS.And worst of all, they are extremely bad for people like me who run in there pushing down anyone in my way to get a look at the vastly large circle of food all smelling delicious and looking might good as it glistens in the light.  and go early to avoid the line.  we went at 4pm and stayed till 8pm.  Even reloaded.As i walked passed the desserts to my table, I found myself at the center in front of the roast station with the seafood to my left and italian to my right.  It was like being a kid in a full on candy store, and knowing that I could eat as much as I want, was dangerous.So what did I have?- Seafood - large cocktail shrimps were a little bit tough as if they were frozen for some time, but i do like me some shrimp (the ocean called, they're running out of shrimp).  The alaskan crab was excellent and we each got a cup of butter to go with each of it.  (you'd think, a cup of butter?  is that necessary?  but its all to make it easier to dip)- Chinese - The Siu Mai was good and the egg rolls were hard to look away from.  Normally I'd tell myself to only eat the stuff that are worth and not found anywhere else.  This rule doesn't always work.- Roast - My FAVORITE DISH was the lamb.  I kept going back for 3rds and it makes me very happy that several pieces of this was in my stomach which made me full.  Somehow, they managed to make it very tender and it tasted like butter as you bite off the meat.  The prime rib was alright, I didn't even finish my entire piece.  skip the turkey- Grill - the veal short ribs were another favorite of mine here.  even scored me some asparagus on the side which was nice.  The kalbi shank had a nice flavor, but still somewhat dry.- Dessert - I think the creme brulee was well worth getting above everything. Or maybe get some fruits since if you're like me, you fear that you eat so much that my diet is going to not like me.  For a buffet, it's definitely good, but some small things got me dissapointed.  Still worth $40 tho!
5	Everytime im in Vegas I make it a point to stop by here.  Actually it is one of the defining reasons why I come to Sin City. Then the partying, sexing and recovering.  This buffet is AWESOME!   I come mainly for the endless treasure of king crab legs, already cracked at preped waiting for middle class people like me to pay the $35 entrance fee to consume this wonder.  Nothing makes a dinner more meaningful than having multiple plates of crab legs and a ongoing flow of butter lemon sauce to dip them in!  Who cares about heart problems, choesterol, etc  when you can eat this good.  Sure I take a sample of other products like the prime rib, fish and what ever else they offer there, but its not my first choice.  Then once you have consumed all the crab legs your body could handle, they have one entire room dedicated to desert.  Filled with cookies, crepes, gilato ice cream ( I hope I spelled that right) where you can put any amount of toppings they offer on them and eat it all up.  My favorite is the oreo crumbles!  Yum!  Plus the service and the people are great and entertaining.P.s  Danni H. said:  "There was a huge line."Maybe everyone knows something that she doesnt?  Make time to go here!
4	wow.  Hands down the BEST buffet in vegas!  I LOVE the decorations here the flowers etcetc.  The food is always so yummy and the place is so clean!!  They have really good service and the drink are always flowing.  At this buffet I can honestly find enough good stuff to get my moneys worth.  If  you come here at certain times you can also catch the crab legs!! Too bad by the time they brought them out I already over indulged in everything else to tackle it.  The gelato is also good and they have a pretty good dessert bar!  OH YEA MY FAV THING THERE???? THE STRAWBERRIES AND CREAM OMG!!!!Wayyy worth the loong disneyland-like line! hahhaTip:  Just get a person who has already lost all their money to wait in line for you and go hit the tables/slots! cha-ching!!
5	Wow. It really says something when the food is excellent... on a Tuesday evening none the less.My mom and her sisters came to town to enjoy a girls... week out? So the obvious question always pops up. "Where's the best buffet in town?" The Wynn of course!We meet up at the Wynn around 7:30 on a Tuesday night. Personally, my expectations of the food was kind of low since its mid week, compared to the bustling weekends. Don't get me wrong, I've eaten here at least 15 times over the past few years.The price was $33.95 per person. Easily one of the highest on the strip but wouldn't you pay a few bucks more for better quality? We were thinking about going to PH Spice Market Buffet since it's a good buffet and a few dollars cheaper... But who are we kidding. A few dollars? Cmon now! This is Vegas! A few dollars means nothing.Here's the interesting part... Right when we were about to walk in, this lady stops us and gives us a pass for a free buffet... The only catch is that you need to sign up for a Red card, which is the Wynn players card. She couldnt use the 2nd pass since she was with her daughter who was not old enough to gamble. That was really nice of her. Since there was no line to the buffet cashier, I ask her if this was legit and how it worked. The super nice cashier told us to go to the Red card booth and fill out an application for a new players card. She also mentioned that if we asked for two free buffets instead of one, they would give us that too... They just dont advertise it. Sweet!So I sign up for a card as well as my auntie and we both received a free buffet meal. Not bad. We just saved ourselves $70. The only catch is that you have to be a NEW applicant. Lets get to the real review... The food. All I can say was WOW. Like I mentioned before, I didn't have high expectations for a mid week 8:30 pm buffet. Boy was I wrong. I think this was one the better meals I've had at this buffet.My first place included lots and lots of chilled king crab legs. The half shelled crab legs were plentiful and had huge portions of meat on then. I also packed on the jumbo peeled shrimp and some smoked salmon.My second plate included a rare slice of prime rib, pork dumplings, english sole, caesar salad, and VEAL SHORTRIBS! YUM!!!For dessert, I had a small bite of a variety of their offerings. Cheesecake, carrot cake, pecan pie, mint chocolate mousse cake, pear mousse cake, creme brulee, and some coconut ice cream.Bottom line... THIS IS THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS!
1	This place went WAY downhill the past couple years.(This review is for Dinner only) I went a few times in the year or so after they opened, and was very impressed. They had rack of lamb, and better desserts.   The lamb chops were the highlight. They were seasoned very well, and were above average quality. They since removed them. last 2 times I was there, for dinner.  The last visit was about 3 months ago.The last 2 visits were a huge disappointment..  The bread was stale, the meat was dry, and tough. Inedible for my party.. in fact one in my party couldn't find ANYTHING she could eat.  Everything was bad.  The only thing I liked was the ice cream. It was hand scooped if I remember right.  All the baked goods were stale, and the cakes/pies were low quality. The creme brulee was watered down.   The candy apple was HARD as a ROCK!! I couldn't bite into it. I bet someone will break a tooth with that thing.  Did I mention the breads were STALE??The quality of the food they were offering was worth about $18. Not the $~46 they were charging.  We complained to management, and they didn't want to hear it. They were rude.  Refills were slow. We complained to hotel management, and wrote a letter.  About 6 weeks later all we get is a form letter saying they will talk to the buffet managers about it.  We will try the buffet at the Encore, if they have one,  because in Vegas, the plan seems to be to start off high end, and get lots of hype.. then cut costs big time.  The Wynn cut costs big time alright, and we notice! We now go to the Paris if we want a buffet.  The crepes are to DIE for... and the Paris has the best chocolate !!!!
5	My new favorite buffet along with the Bellagio buffet!  We came on a Sunday so the selection wasn't as wide as it would have been on Friday and Saturday.  But still, everything I had here was pretty good!  A bit pricey but I would say it's not one of your regular buffets that you go to.  Even their silverware and their plates were nice.  The food presentation was all laid out very nicely too!  They had a wide selection of the dessert menu!  I would recommend just getting a little of everything and sharing it all, that way you get to taste everything!
2	i'm not a big fan of buffet places. i never eat my money's worth. ever. but my two fatass friends reallllllllllllllllllly wanted to do the whole vegas buffet thing so i caved in. oh, another reason why i don't do buffets is because i can't eat too much seafood without my throat getting all gross.. (i'll spare you the details).. if you dont stuff ur face with all the seafood you can.. well that just defeats the whole purpose of a buffet.. i had like 2 of those really long crab legs.. and it was super salty! i seriously had to down my whole drink.. i had some prime rib but it was sorta bland.. i think my favorite thing outta the whole buffet was those tiny chocolate cupcakes but thats it..i seriously think i only ate at most 20 bucks worth of food.. and i paid 40.. i mean if i were a guy with a big appetite i think itd be a really good deal.. but im not so i guess thats too bad for me.. haha i did like how they displayed their desserts.. however, it looked better than it tastes..
5	no line when i came around 11:30am last saturday..around $30/person without champagne... Everyone that we saw and met at Jet the previous night was there.. It was like reunion part 2.. everyone eyeing each other while getting food or while sitting down eating because we recognize each other from the night before.. so funnywhat made me melt in my chair.. the huge size plate prime rib with some juice fat and bbq sauce slattered all over my piece of meat.. i was in heaven.. that right there was worth like $20... that was the best part of my mealWhat i had was a mix of everything.. i just came back from the islands so all i wanted to do was eat everything and try everything.. im deprived of food!  Food that I ate: scrambled eggs, sausage, prime rib, bacon, salmon, seafood fritter, fish cake, pizza, mango/coconut/lemon gelato, cupcakes( dry cupcakes though!, croissants, mini pastries...that is all that i remember! and of course 3 cups of coke.. i was dehydrated as always from the previous night of fun!Gorgeous decor entrance/luxurious and nice floral colorful displays..This is still the best buffet i've had in Vegas.
2	I had lunch at the Wynn, which is probably a different experience than dinner. But I must say that I expected so much more.The place was nice and the service was ok. We waited for an hour even though we got there at 11am. Anyways, as for the food, it was disappointing. The only highlights were the baked fish-salmon, sea bass, etc., the fruit salad, the pasta, the pumpkin pie, and the ice cream. The sushi was horrible so were the other Asian style items like potstickers, etc. The salad bar had strange choices, there was not even a respectable Caesar salad or a garden salad to be found. The American and Italian food was average, I mean, how hard is it to make pasta?The dessert bar looked delicious, but looks are deceiving. The mint chocolate cake tasted like toothpaste. The lemon bars or anything that had a lemon flavor had a egg taste to it. The chocolate cupcakes were super chocolate-y to the point it was like eating fudge. The cheesecake was bland. The spiced muffin was hard as a rock and it didn't have any flavor. I think we tried almost everything in the dessert bar and there weren't many winners.Perhaps dinner would fare better than lunch, but I have my doubts.
2	This review is for the lunchtime buffet.The family recently took a trip to Vegas because we were craving good food.  The difficulty was in finding child friendly places, as we have a 1 year old cranky brat of a child.  We figured we'd go to the Wynn buffet for lunch, since buffets are notoriously child friendly.  For a Tuesday, the line was longish (we waited for 30 minutes holding the baby the whole time (Wynn doesn't allow strollers to discourage kids, I suppose), and the food wasn't so great.  They didn't have any prime rib or crab legs, and only a little bit of fish.  We got the feeling that they used leftover meat from the buffet last night to create their lunch dishes.  For instance, they had turkey and prime rib sandwiches, as well as spicy tuna hand rolls.  The dessert wasn't so great, either.  There was no creme brulee, for instance.For 20 bucks a person, I guess it wasn't bad, but considering the dinner buffet is generally pretty good, I'd expect a LOT more out of the lunch buffet.  Bleh.  I would definitely NOT go back to the lunch buffet, and, based on this recent experience, would maybe think twice about visiting the dinner buffet again.
2	It's not worth the hype. We went for a Brunch on a Tuesday w/ a large party. Reservations were made weeks ahead of time and we had a private room set aside for about 20+ ppl. The line was super long for Tuesday at 10.30!? and i felt bad bc there were ppl there waiting for a long time. We weren't allowed to go in until the ppl who made the reservation arrived. Once seated there was no friendly host or waitress to advise us of what was available or how things worked. Our waitress was clearly not enjoying her job that day and it should as she shoveled water glasses onto our table, reached across us, and did not bother to apologize. There was not a huge selection of food. Everything LOOKED beautiful but tasted a little on the bland side. We were there for brunch but caught the beginning portions of lunch - still no improvement on the food. Best thing I ate was a croissant bc it was warm and fresh from the oven, slightly crunchy on the outside - yum. But sad that in a buffet so fancy and acclaimed; i had a good croissant and that was it.
4	Came here around 6:30 on a Sunday night and the wait was 90 minutes.Alaskan king crab legs, prime rib, veal, huge shrimp, and stations dedicated to different types of cuisine (American, italian, asian, cold seafood, warm seafood, etc.)  They have the most variety I've even seen at a buffet, and believe me, I've been to my share of buffets (I'm Filipino)  Two types of veal, scallop ceviche, rock shrimp ceviche, gazpacho, gnocchi, udon noodles, herb crusted salmon in miso broth with shitake mushrooms, pear, walnut and gorgonzola salad...really atypical buffet fare.  They had a guy making fresh sugar crusts on creme brulees. yummmmm.  Their mango sorbet is made there daily, an their lemon froyo was good too.
4	I heard good things... I have not been to many buffets in Las Vegas. I am not a Vegas Buffet buff. I have not been to the Bellagio buffet...yet. The Wynn is the very best for the price. Assuming The Bellagio is better and more expensive. I went for the brunch and all the food was great I recall having delicious Eggs Benedict, The sushi was mediocre. The brunch did lack high end seafood I did not see any crab legs or lobster, there was plenty of shrimp though. I enjoyed the pulled lamp risotto very much. Saving the best for last.... BACON! The best I ever had, I think I had a whole plate. They have 2 kinds Thick cut whcih they slice for you (not bad a it too fatty for me) but the best is the crispy strips. I highly recommend the Wynn.
5	They had creme brulee this time!  I don't know how they manage to outdo themselves every time I come here but they manage to do it.  I'm still amazed at the selection that they have here.  It's not your typical prime rib, few types of pasta, pizza bar, salad bar etc. type of place.  I don't even remember everything that I ate but I had to be rolled out of here again.  Coming back again SOON!
3	My family came here to have dinner around 6:00 pm on Christmas Eve and even though we didn't have to wait in the 2.5 hour line - we had a V.I.P. line pass again :) - the quality of the food here seems to be getting worse and worse.  Sigh, this used to be my favorite buffet in Las Vegas, but now it seems that I have to go and find myself a new one.
2	We were @ vegas for the christmas holiday season and planned to have a buffet. Our friend have flew from mid west and this was there first trip to to vegas and they were really excited about the buffet so we also joined them for the buffet. I will start with the experiences we had regarding this buffet. We chose Wynn reading some of the reviews and thinking that it should be nice as its in one of the best hotels on strips but all the high hopes came down crumbling down. The line and waiting was long when i say long i mean close to 2hrs. One of our family friends who went to cancun called us before boarding the flight and then when they reached US and we were still standing in the line for the buffet. Once we reached the cash counter we came to know that for the holiday season they only have the brunch during the weekend which shot the price up straight up from the 22$ to 37$ per person. We were able to get a group table and then we started to explore the buffet and to my disappointment the buffet was really small as per the price they charge. There was hardly any thing i will say that I really like and I am really into food and like to try lot of tasty stuff. If you compare this with the spice buffet of Planet hollywood this doesnt even start the chance. The asian and mexican were the worst which doesnt even have the basic things which you will find @ every place ...neways then i moved to the salad and soup bar and i will say that was the saviour for me. Sea food was also not good and there was nothing in the name of the sushi:(. i will say that the dessert options were good but still not the standard for the Wynn. I think they need to improve a lot if they need to get a good name for the buffet, i think the only reason people go there is coz of the name of Wynn and then get surprised with the less options for the buffet. Word of advise for the people who are planning to try the buffet, make sure the price is around 22$ (then its ok to pay for the quality of food you get) , its no where close to the 37$ value. All the best and enjoy your stay @ vegas.
2	Tried the buffet a few days after Christmas. First off we started lining up at 5:30PM. We did not get seated until 9:30PM. A four hour wait. I guess it was a holiday weekend (I love how they don't advertise the price anywhere), the meal was 40 per person. The buffet at first glance looked to be a very large amount of stations with food. However after walking around, you soon realize there are just a lot of counter space between each food item and it isn't as large as it seems. The Good:1) The king crab legs were very good, although they were colder than I would like to eat them. 2)Creme brulee was very good.3) Service is very goodThe Mediocre:1) The prime rib was not good. It was incredibly chewy and salty. We ate the 7.99 prime rib dinner on the way to Vegas and that was 100% better than this one. 2) The sushi selection was terrible, there were 2 varieties of rolls(California and Spicey Tuna), no shashimi. For 40 dollars i expected better.3) I tried 4 desert cakes, all of them tasted really bad, i could not finish them. 4)  Veal shortribs didn't taste good. So to sum it um, its not worth the hype for me. If you see a line away from the normal buffet line, expect to wait for 1-2 hours. None of the items here were that desirable to warrant a 40 dollar buffet. The item selection leave little to be desired. The service was very good, my soda was filled up 4 times without needing ask for it. The plates were cleared in a timely manner. This buffet is beautiful, service is great, but I came for good food, and left without being satisfied.
5	So despite the crappy service that we received from our waitress (going to contribute it to being holiday season and her having to work an entire section to herself), this is the best buffet that I've had in Vegas and I've been to a lot of them.  We sat in the more garden-like dining area where we were surrounded by planters full of beautiful plants so it made it feel as if we were dining in a cafe rather than a stuffy restaurant.  And the food is just to die for that you forget that it's massed produced buffet food.  Even though we were there for lunchtime it was far superior to the Bellagio buffet dinner.  Some of the highlights included the bowl of ramen noodles and the hand scooped ice cream for dessert.
5	ok i swear.. last update until for awhile.. I went here on Monday for the Holiday Dinner. It was my first time going to the Wynn for dinner instead of my usual brunch reviews.. We waited about 1 hr I believe.. but somehow the line was gone after us..Alaskan King Crab legs with drawn butterPrime RibLamb RibsEdemameLobster Bisque soupSmoked SalmonLots of Coca ColaPerfect balcony view of the workers taking their breaks and walking back and forth in the hallway in packs.. that made the night interesting seeing workers migrate back and forth to who knows where?My favs of the night.and Coffee for the night to come!
5	I want to give this place 10 stars! I was a bit hung over and needed to feed the starving belly.. The buffet was the perfect place! We were there over Xmas and they had a special holiday buffet.. It was 10am- we got there just in time, hardly a line..  I was dying, must eat.. They seat us.. I run to the other room to see what's cooking! Wow what an international selection. They had everything from make your own omelet to sushi.. Here goes.. Serving #1: coconut prawn ceviche; omelet, prawns, sausage, sushi, egg rolls.. that was breakfast.. Serving #2: pumpkin gnocchi, creamy pea rissotto, pepper baconServing #3: dessert - cupcake, eclaire, coconut macaroon.. they even had ice cream .. oh my!OMG i wanted to puke from eating soo much!!! BUT it was all delishhhhh.. yummm.. I felt like I took a trip around the world. As we walked (more like rolled) out there was a huge line outside.. I'm soo glad we got there early!Bravo Wynn Buffett.. I miss you..
5	After a 45 minute wait, we were seated and remained seated for 2 1/2 hours! Hey, we girls were hungry and wanted to get our money's worth! $35 for brunch/dinner - def. a steal!Passed on the fillers - opted to devour endless amounts of prime rib, shrimp cocktail and crab legs!!! Yumm...Ended the meal with the best creme brulee I've had in awhile. Decor was very nice. I loved the foliage! Waitresses were very friendly and helpful. A place I frequent every time I'm in Vegas.
4	Steve Wynn set out to have the best buffett in Vegas, and he does. The Wynn buffet definitely takes the cake. The quality of their ingredients and preparation is a step above the rest, and it's apparent in everything from the thin-crust brick-oven pizza to the huge, meaty crab legs to the New Zealand rack of lamb. I also appreciated the little "exotic" touches, such as the Asian noodle soup bar, fresh longans (not canned!) and Asian pears in their pear salad. Minus one star for that crazy long line, though...we waited for 1.5 hrs, and believe it or not, many people waited longer. Someone in line behind us even fainted and one kid got a nosebleed. Damn, people! With the Wynn buffet being a quintessential Vegas attraction in and of itself, Steve Wynn should consider implementing a FastPass type of system!
4	Came here on the last day of our 4 day trip. practically spent 3 hours there so that we got our money's worth. i'd have to say that nothing really blew me away other than it was better food than your average buffet. nice ambiance to boot and the lines weren't long at all when we were there, probably about 10 minutes.
3	After a long hour wait on a sunday evening... LOL Wait Thanks for waiting in line for us Dan N. and Nathalie N. LOL!... Buffets are weak, and so is this buffet. The only thing here that was worth eating as the Alaskan king crab legs and the prime rib, which came with really really good horse radish! Spend your $50 at some other buffet, or maybe even at a steak house like mesa grill!Seriously though, I'm just not a fan of buffet... Your mind is set to eat as much as you can, so you get get your moneys worth. I tend to over eat at buffets and feel like shit after, but if that's your thing, then go for it!
5	Went here again, and still good! There's this mushroom risotto cake that is fabulous. And the lamb was delicious as well! Most definitely worth the money, and you're definitely getting high quality in food as opposed to high quantity (like the Rio).
4	HOLY ALASKAN KING CRAB LEGS!! The Buffet at the Wynn stole my heart with those thick juicy suckers! My friends and I decided to try out the Wynn buffet for brunch during our most recent Vegas trip. We made it right at the end of the Brunch and the beginning of Dinner. The lady at the cash register hooked it up and let us pay brunch prices when it was technically already dinner. I'm thinking it was because we got the "Auntie" hookup, but whatever I'll take it!! They had a huge selection and everything was good from what I can remember, but honestly my mind is clouded by thoughts of those Alaskan king crab legs. My friend and I just happened to be in the area when they first started putting the crab legs out for dinner and we were the first people in line! I was amazed at the size of these things ... they were huge!!! The best part about them was that they were already cut in half for you to eat. All you had to do was pull the thick succulent meat out, dip it in the warm butter, and pop that deliciousness in your mouth! Damn it was so good. For 2 straight hours we were neglecting whatever else they had to offer in that buffet and focused primarily on the CRAB LEGS!! We had plates and plates and plates full of those things and we just kept them coming. We might have been a group of little Asian girls, but we tore up those crab legs like 200 pound men! Our waitress was even impressed at how many plates of crab legs we finished off.Ahhhh.... I will return!
4	The line for the Wynn buffet was super long at around 10:40 am when we got there. The hotel was heated, although a little too much for me. I was impressed with the hotel, and the design of the buffet. The buffet was more than I'm used to paying for a lunch buffet, but then again, it's the Wynn. I was impressed with the entrees and appetizers, but I was disappointed by the desserts. The selection of food was awesome- I think I had a bite of almost everything- I particularly enjoyed the fish selection, and the sushi hand rolls were surprisingly good too. I liked the mini prepared salads in the little cups- I tasted flavor combinations I've never tried before. After stuffing yourself at this buffet, you can walk across the street to the Las Vegas Fashion Outlet and walk it off.
3	I was a little disappointed coming back here during the holidays and being charged a holiday price.  $46 for dinner, and the selection seemed to be less than satisfying.  It is still one of the better buffets, but I would think there should have been something special for paying a special price.
1	Stayed there Dec 23-2523rd - 2.5 hr wait for dinner, $34.95,decided to go the next night.24th - 2 hr wait wait for dinner, $44.9525th - 2hr wait for brunch, $44.95Made it to dinner on the 24th.  I know it's a buffet so I expect to wait, I know it's Christmas Eve so I expect to get jacked on the price even though the menu was the same the night before.  Finally sit down to eat.  They must of been short on items this night.  They ran out on a few items, e.g. sushi only had 2 different rolls and one had roll.  Ran out of cod fish.Where do you get off charging $50 bucks (after taxes) for crap ass buffet that's short on items during the holidays?!  What a rip!  Dinner for two was $100.  You can eat at so many nice restaurants for that kind of money.  BTW, the king crab was rubbery!I'm never going back to the Wynn.  Will stay at the Bellagio, the buffet is better there anyhow.
4	This is, without a doubt, the best breakfast buffet in Vegas. The food is not only plentiful and varied but tastes great.
3	We left Los Angeles about 9:00amFriday morning and drove straight to Vegas. Why did we leave so early? Because we wanted to go to Wynn Buffet for lunch. I've read mixed reviews about Wynn Buffet. Some people say this is the best buffet in Las Vegas. And it's probably the most expensive buffet in Vegas, too. We got there around 2pm. There was a very short line of people waiting. Lunch price is much cheaper than dinner, $21.95 per person.We went up to the cashier to pay first. Then we waited in the seating line for about 10 minutes. The hostesses wore a really bright fuchsia color uniform and it looked so tacky. The seating area was huge. After we seated, we waited for the server to come to take our drink order. Waited and waited and no server. They weren't that busy so where were the servers? The serving stations were divided by cuisines or courses. There are: salad, soup, shellfish, seafood, pizza, Italian, American, the grill, Asian, chilled seafood, sushi and dessert. The stations were very clean, but not well stocked. We came toward the end of the lunch buffet hour. Some trays were almost empty and they didn't add any fresh food.Shrimp cocktail was good. I really like marinated herring. Every time I see this at buffet I always get it. It tasted a lot like mackerel. A little sour and fishy. I like it! BBQ bun was bad. It tasted like it had been sitting there for a long time. Spicy miso udon was not spicy, and I couldn't taste the miso, either. The udon was mushy. No good. Orange chicken was alright. It's just like the Panda Express kind of orange chicken. The sea bass was the best dish. So soft and tasty. Spiced lamb leg was delicious, too. Very tender. But they didn't serve it anymore when I went back for second. The spicy tuna hand roll was pretty sad. The rice was mushy and the seaweed was soggy. Even though they had a big sushi station, they only served spicy tuna hand roll, cucumber roll and some sad looking California roll. Very disappointed about their sushi station. At the sushi station, they also served individual salad in cute little cups. I grabbed a marinated mushroom salad.  It was really good. Mushroom was marinated in balsamic dressing. Very tasty. But one salad we got no dressing and it tasted like salad with no dressing. I don't know it was meant to have no dressing or they forgot to put dressing on it.My mom told me the way to eat buffet is to focus on the seafood. And that was what I did on my second plate. Clam chowder was rich, but a bit salty. Red snapper, salmon and sole were the three different fish I got. None of them were as good as the sea bass. The meatball was so dry and tough. Gross! Mushroom ravioli was good. Wish I got more of this. The corn was really really good. BBQ rib was good, but cold. Spanich rice and guacamole was yummy. Potato and beans were alright. We were really full at this point. But still gotta eat some dessert. They have a huge dessert area in the middle of the buffet. Tons of pastry, cakes and ice cream. Everything looked so good. Even though I was full, still got a big plate. Yes, I was happy!Well, the dessert looked good, but tasted just alright. The homemade ice cream was good. I got pineapple and lemon. Both were perfect for summer hot weather. I also got cheesecake, cupcake, chocolate tart, caramel eclair, banana mousse, apple candy and chocolate cake. My favorite was the chocolate cake. The rest were only ok.So what did we think of Wynn buffet? I thought it was just alright and didn't really live up to its hype. The selection was good, but nothing really stood out. There weren't much sushi nor seafood like we expected. Maybe there's a big difference between lunch and dinner? Well, at least we got really full. Will we come back again? Probably not.
5	When you think of Vegas buffets you usually think of bad food, bad service and cheap prices. None of these things come into play at the buffet at the Wynn.  The interior of the buffet is beautiful. There are tons of plants and flowers all over the place. The line to pay and be seated is usually long. I was surprised the first time I ate here when I found out that it is around sixty dollars a person for dinner. I thought to myself this food better be fresh and not cafeteria style like most Vegas buffets. Once seated our server came up and asked us what we wanted to drink. Since they charge so much to eat here I figured they would have a huge selection of drinks. When I asked what they had to drink the man smiled and named all types of drinks. Everything from soda, to all types of juices to regular or chocolate milk and so on. After we ordered our drinks I decided to go take a look at the food selection. When I got into the food area I was pleasantly surprised. They had the biggest selection of food I have ever seen at a buffet. I ended up trying everything. It took me four full plates to accomplish this. Everything was absolutely amazing. The crab legs where the freshest I have ever seen or tasted. The pasta bar had many types of sauces and pastas to choose from. All the different meats (prime rib, sirloin, etc) where all cooked to perfection and tasted wonderful. Then after all those plates I decided to hit up the dessert section. I swear to you when I walked into that room I felt I had died and gone to heaven. They have so many items to choose from. Again I tried everything. I had homemade donuts, creme brulee, a big and moist cupcake, and more but the best things were the crepes that they make fresh right in front of you. Our server was perfect. Even though he was in charge of a very large area he managed to never let our drinks get half full. I have been to many buffets in Vegas but none come close to the buffet at the Wynn. Five stars all the way.
5	By far one of my most favorite buffets in Las Vegas. I have only come here twice so it maybe hard to say if they still keep their five star status. Bellagio's once great buffet has be demoted down to three stars if you ask me. Here is how Wynn holds up:Its absolutely amazing! The buffet line is extremely long and their deserts area is amazing. Decor within is beautiful, the food looks and tastes great. What more can you ask for? Of course, coming here for the seafood, the shrimps are large, the crab legs are delicious, and the prime rib. DId I mention the Prime Rib? Its absolutely delicious! Too Raw? Ask the chef to toss it on the grill to brown it up a lil, thats what my mom does at least. Service is fast, dishes are collected promptly and drinks are refilled right away. Thats service for you.Overall, I give Wynn a 4.5 to almost 5. The food was DELICIOUS! Atmosphere was not too shabby compared to other vegas buffets, Its open and wide which I LIKE! Hmm, am I forgetting anything? don't think so. Its a must try for everyone. You live once so don't feel bad forking over 40 dollars a person for this fabulous buffet.
5	Went there for brunch on a Monday (significantly less expensive than dinner) and was not disappointed. Most everything is the same as dinner minus the crab, the shrimp, and *tear* the creme brulee. YUM for a fraction of the price!
4	4.5 Stars.The best buffet I have been to in my life thus far hands down (Dec. 2008).Since we were in Vegas, we gotta save money somehow right? Since dinner starts at 3:30 and the price hikes up to $15+ more than the lunch price, we stood in line around 3:15, sampled some of the lunch items, and tasted the full dinner spread.Where to start...Definitely broke the bar on gluttony this time. We spent over 2 hours here until every single one of our buttons and zippers broke off. The rack of lamb was super tender, deep pink and oozing with natural juices. The cut of prime beef was tender, as rare as you want it to be, and sinfully tasty. The poached vanilla pear salad with walnuts, mixed spring greens, and a light vinaigrette topped my list for all the salads I've had in my life so far (and at a buffet nonetheless!!!), all the pastas are made well, the soups are all great, as are all the fish and seafood dishes. I made the effort, and I promise you it was a BIG one, to try at least every single item on the buffet. And nothing disappoints with the exception of the crab legs which were a little flavorless and not so fresh.The dessert bar is spankingly the best sweet spread of all buffets I've been to. Crepe station, freshly made pastries and gelato, as well as made from scratch cobblers, pies, and puddings. Bread pudding, I do love my bread pudding, and this place does a kickass job especially for a buffet. A few of the pastries were a little on the dry side, but there are definitely winners in the bunch.I gained at least a couple of dozen pounds from this single experience, but mark my words, this is not the last time we meet Wynn Buffet.
3	We waited an hour. It was good (not great). The pizza and pasta was poorly cooked. The deserts have a large selection but only so-so quality. The staff is very good.
5	I went here between the breakfast and lunch shifts, which worked out great for two reasons:1. I was able to try both the breakfast and lunch food2. It was only $18 instead of $21I strongly recommend this and would've loved to have tried it for dinner. I am surprised to say that of the two buffets I had on this trip to Vegas, the midweek lunch at Wynn trumped the Sunday Brunch buffet at Bellagio!
4	My bro's gf recommended here. Came here during the lunch/Dinner shifts when I visited CES'09. Why? Cause you pay a cheaper price and the line was... there was no line to wait ;) First of all, no way I'm eating pizza or salad at a buffet, that's just taking up space in my stomach. They don't have large varieties, but good enough for my stomach. Just give me prime ribs, rack o lambs, crab legs and smoked salmon!They don't cook big batches of food and let it sit there for hours, so the food were really fresh. Prime rib was not dry and very tasty. The rack of lambs (dinner time) was juicy and tender. The rock crab legs(dinner) were big, fresh and yummy. The smoked salmon melted in my mouth. Service = good. They refilled my drinks and picked up my empty plates fast.  One thing I didn't like was their orange juice was concentrated, not fresh squeezed. And the New England Clam Chowder was a little salty. Overall, this will be one of my favorite buffet in Vegas. Not bad for dinner at a lunch price ;)
4	So.........i was SO sadly disappointed today @ the Wynn Buffet.  It was my parents first time here and they hated me afterwerds.  Lunch was only $21.95  SUPER cheap.  However there wasn't much to eat.  They had turkey and Lamb which i both don't care much for and everything was so limited.   WHat thE HECK?!?!?! I guess you have to come here on a weekend for brunch to catch those delish strawberries and creme.  Plus WTF happened to the gelato?  They only had a few selection of icecream and the cupcake omg they display these huge mother effers and they offer this tiny not-even-a-damn-bite-size cupcakes...sad...they shouldn't even be called cupcakes. STILL the amazing brunch carries it to a 4star psh maybe one more time and I may restar it =)
4	All the food rates no less than 4 star restaurant food. The desserts are good. You get what you pay for. I'm not sure what drives me not to give it 5 stars, something like they have preservative in their soy sauce package and other gut feelings. It might have 4.3 or 4.4 stars though.We had the christmas dinner. I don't think there was difference in food, it just cost more.I think, we had a little trouble finding the place for parking. Better figure out where it is to make things smoother. Dinner starts early (3?) and costs more. We decided to go earlier to avoid waiting too long.How can you go to Las Vegas and not eat at a reasonably nice buffet? :)
5	best buffet ever!!!!!!!!
4	We went on New Year's Day and the wait was about an hour long. The hostess and wait staff is really attentive for a buffet. It seems like they really want to take care of you even if it's super crowded. They definitely don't need more business. The buffet was worth the $40 for the all you can eat snow crab. My highlights were the thin crust pizza, salmon hand rolls, dark meat turkey and the crab. The desert were a little disappointing.  There is gelato and a crepe station.  It was a pretty good value. If there is only one buffet to try on your visit, this is it.
3	#3 on my vegas buffet list.desserts r gross. dont eat it. you will have diarrhea. and die.
4	What a way to celebrate a birthday! My friends and I went here around lunch time, but it was actually brunch. The line to the place was a little long. It almost felt like waiting for a ride at Disneyland, but we got in there in about 10-15 minutes. We had the option of adding champagne to go with it, which some of us took advantage of. Total was a little over $40, but it was definitely worth it. Most buffets that I've been to in Vegas have their good and not so good stuff, but everything I tried here was deelish. I only needed 1 and a half plates to get me full, but not full enough to skip out on dessert. I got my fill of yummy chocolate cake, a mini strawberry cupcake, and chocolate mint mousse. Needless to say, I didn't have to eat much come dinner time.
4	Have you seen the website for the Wynn casino?  The hubris of this man is hilarious.  You click on anything and his patter about how decadent his casino is continues to blather on.  In spite of that I must say, this casino backs up the talk.  It's gorgeous.  Maybe it's because the place is relatively new or just because it is named after the man who changed Las Vegas to the family friendly gambling mecca that it is today, but this place is decadent, elegant, saturated with rich colors, lush, and truly honors the man who created it.The buffet has standard buffet fare- prime rib, lobster, pasta bar, etc.  But the place is spacious, clean, and well-lit, that you almost feel like you actually are having dinner at a french manor.  The meats are delicious and the quality so good, its almost like they honor the french tradition of cooking everything in butter.  Delicious.  Usually at buffets I try to stay away from the dessert because most of the items come out of a can or mass produced by Jonaire.  I had a real hard time staying away at this place. I must have had 5 of the creme brulee which were freshly made right at the dessert bar, a bunch of the cream puffs, a little caramel apple, cotton candy.  Who makes cotton candy at a buffet?!?  Wynn.  That's who.  The buffet at Wynn is definitely a favorite.  It costs a ton for dinner- usually when my family goes to any buffet, we let Dad pay up.  There were eight of us, so here we all paid for ourselves out of sticker shock.  However, because of the quality of the food, you feel like you get what you paid for. This place makes me want to chuck work for the day and head on over- and it's just Monday.
4	Selection of food is smaller than other buffetsQuality is well above otherGreat Dessert selection
4	The buffet at the Wynn might be one of the best buffets Ive ever been to in my life, only beaten by a seafood buffet I went to on the big island of Hawaii.  To my recollection the Bellagio had a bit more stuff, but I think the Wynn had better quality food.  The prime rib was amazing.  Plus this buffet was cheaper than the Bellagio.  We were there for almost 3 hours in order to take advantage of pretty much everything they had to offer.  You cant go wrong here.
4	everyone knows that this place is good and has a Great reputation. i loved everything except for the fact that the cooked meat of land animals was a bit tough. i wouldn't be this pickey if i hadn't spent $40 on my meal. The seafood was great, sushi was good, salads were great, veggie dishes were great, desert was AWESOME. waited for around 5-10min. because me and my friend got there kinda late, around 9pm. four out of five because it was Good, but then there's the small issue with the meat. i also know that if i want food more perfect, i will have to spend more to get it. and i wouldn't come back because i'm not that big on exotic seafood (basic fish is a fav with me), which was what tasted the best here, and i can make my own deserts.
4	In my opinion, people who complain about the Wynn Buffet being an expensive buffet have to keep in mind where they are: at a buffet. If they want an all-the-steak-they-can-eat $10.99 buffet, walk down the street to Circus Circus. If they want the best ingredients in town, don't go to a buffet. There's tons of fantastic restaurants to choose from.However, as buffets go, the Wynn is our favorite (aside from the Sterling brunch at Bally's, but that's over the top) for good food, lots of it, and no fuss. The quality and variety can vary -- I read an interesting review on here about the ethnicity of the kitchen staff versus the best food, and I think he's right that there is a connection. However, the desserts are also wonderful -- the coffee ice cream is possibly the best I've ever had. All are homemade and a cut above the usual. Compared to other buffets, such as the fairly good Paris, the pretty good Mandalay Bay, and the mediocre Luxor, the Wynn is a wee bit more expensive (though I admit I have not tried the Bellagio) but worth the money. Two suggestions, however: be careful what time you go, as there is almost always a line. Second, go later in the shift. For example, if brunch ends at 11:30 and lunch begins at 12:00, go at 11:15 -- you pay the less expensive breakfast price and can get lunch too.
5	The Buffet at The Wynn is my FAVORITE buffet to go to when I go to Vegas! They have a great variety of freshly cooked food--not some gross buffet food that makes you wanna yak! One of my favorite things about the Wynn buffet is the atmosphere--there is just the right amount of sunlight and regular lighting, along with beautiful decorations found everywhere. The buffet is also HUGE with plenty of tables to sit at. But the best part of the buffet is the DESSERT section! The dessert area is located in the middle of the buffet in a private room loaded with cupcakes, cookies, cakes, and tarts. They even have a selection of yummy gelato ice cream! You can choose any flavor and get a topping or a few, all for free! If you haven't been to this buffet, you are missing out!
4	I am no longer a huge buffet fan nor do I frequent them anymore.  But Wynn and Bellagio buffet are often sure deals for a wide selection of food and quality.  The waits are horrendous so get there early.
2	One word: disappointing.This buffet gets one star for decor and one star for just having food.
2	In baseball turns, it's a swing and a foul tip on a full count.  Yes, it was Chinese New Year this weekend for a lot of revelers who came upon this grand city to celebrate the Year of the Ox.  Although we hope to be prosperous this year, it is wise to choose another way of blowing $45 plus on another buffet.  Service was really hit or miss here.  Sheesh!  My auntie only needed a cup of tea.  And it took 25 minutes?!  It was busy, but the bussers and servers should know by now to handle the throngs for Saturday night buffet.  The sushi was kept there a little longer than expected.  And the line for some shrimp and king crab were as long as the lines of entry for Alcatraz.  The quail was not to die for, and the pork was a bit disappointing.  Desserts were a pleasant surprise and the coffee ice cream was quite delicious.  My buddy liked the creme brulee and it was pretty fresh.  Nice try, Wynn Buffet!  I'll hunt for another place to buffet.  To buffet is human, to dine, divine.  Somewhere else, that is.
4	This place was crowded even on a Monday night!  I had a wonderful time eating here. The skirt steak was definitely my favorite but the prime rib and the king crab were both crowd pleaser! They also have a nice selection of salad for all of you vegetarians. Minus one point for making me wait for souffle though! Boo!
3	The Buffet at Wynn is one of more decent buffets on the Vegas strip. It's not as good as the Bellagio Buffet and it's definitely not as good as my personal favorite, the Village Seafood Buffet at the Rio. With all things considered, however, I think the Wynn Buffet is satisfactory at best.I've been to the Wynn Buffet a few times in the past and this time, I went for their Sunday brunch. There was nothing too special here -- same decently-good food that you would find at any other $35 Vegas buffet. I did like their omelet bar -- very fresh ingredients & pleasant omelet chef. I felt the Chinese porridge section was a little out-of-place, although I must admit that I was very pleasantly surprised. Sucks that there's a server who makes your porridge, so he barely put any thousand-year egg in there (my favorite topping for Chinese porridge).All in all, Wynn is a pretty good buffet for the brunch prices -- especially if you have a few glasses of champagne. Would I choose this buffet over the one at Bellagio or the seafood one at Rio? NEVER.
3	I went here for lunch and i thought it was just OKAY. i literally tried most of the food here and everything was just ok, not bad and not GREAT. just good.
4	yet another californian who reviews vegas =)have been going to wynn buffet for quite some time and have been going to bellagio buffet before this one and... this one takes the cake. the line is normally 1hr+ wait but once you get there, you're extra hungry and it's worth it. i love the sections where you can customize your own pasta, congee, noodles, etc. the prime rib is too bloody for me but sometimes they'll have things like kobe beef, they usually have duck, lamb, etc. shrimp + crab are always good although the quality of the crab varies from time to time. there's usually always a line for seafood. who'd think that you go to the dessert for seafood hahaservers are usually pretty decent considering the amount of people they have to care for, haven't had too many problems despite the few times when i had to go without diet coke for 10 minutes. you just have to be aggressive and know how to flag them down (because they for sure will not come to you asking if things are ok)desserts are mostly okay.. i always get a bunch just to sample them and see what's good and always with coffee. they have ice cream, cake, mousse, pie, etc. some are ok, some are AMAZING. ahhhh overload. the wait time is really the only thing you can complain about here... well, and your expanding waistline.
4	Be prepared to put on some lbs!The Buffet at the Wynn is one of favorite buffets next to the Bellagio, Paris, and seafood buffet at the Rio for the money.  Gourmet food, world class selection, and amazing atmosphere!Atmosphere:The Wynn itself is beautiful and the theme continues for the buffet.  In the center is an elegant display of flowers and a high ceiling with plenty of light.  The seats are comfortable and the dining areas are just right...not to mention the availability of a RESTROOM versus walking back out into the hotel floor to find one...just in case ;)Food:Choices, choices, choices.  From the homemade salad to the world dishes and best dessert buffet in town there is just so much to choose from.I've been to this buffet on many occasions and each time it is a little different and the selection changes here and there.  I highly recommend the salad bar especially when they have the homemade Chinese Chicken salad.  I also love the various ceviches from rock shrimp to scallop.  The sea bass never fails to disappoint.  Even the gourmet pizza is good.  Of course the standard items such as the prime rib and crab legs are a must!The sushi isn't spectacular, but it is good for a buffet.  The asian dishes are also pretty good...on my last trip it was Chinese New Year's and they served dim sum, which was yummy!Dessert is my favorite part of the whole dining experience as there are even more options.  I've had candied apples, gelato, cupcakes, cookies, bread pudding, and more!  **Tip: Be sure to save room for dessert or at wear loose fitting clothing.Service:Terrific.  Once you order your drink  you are good to go.  After each "round" of food you will come back to see your old plates and silver gone and replaced with new ones.  Drink refills are fast as well....even for champagne.I have noticed that in the couple years that I've visited this buffet it has gone down slightly in terms of food appeal...or maybe I've been spoiled now and am slightly jaded.  I just remember my first visit when the Wynn just opened and this being the most amazing buffet in town.  May not be #1, but definitely a close #2.
2	All the buffet standards, but a bit more Asian for New Year's?  Definitely not worth $43.95....There was not a huge variety, pizza?,Italian, Asian, French I think....salad/fruits, sushi.  I passed on the Chinese, looked like stuff from panda Express.  I had a thick cut prime rib that I had the cook sear on the grill, which then becomes a rib eye steak essentially but very tender of course.  Anybody that hasn't tried it, should.  The sushi looked weak, so I passed.  The crab legs weren't very fresh, they were kinda soggy?  The Ceasar salad looked better than it tasted.Overall, disappointed.  Everything else about the Wynn/Encore is great, somehow they neglected the buffet.  Even Paris did a better job w/ stone crab too for only $27.  Mr. Wynn, could you please fix that? I honestly think I could put on a better spread than they did!!!!  I did have a rib eye at SWITCH in the Encore, but that's another review....til next time, good eating!
4	I usually despise buffets, but dinner ($40 + 1 hour in line) here is worth it.  The food is prepared really well, and the selection is just awesome (lamb, prime rib, king crab legs :D, gelato, etc.). Would definately go back while in Vegas!FTW = For the Wynn!
3	One of the better buffet in Vegas.. I still like the Bellagio Buffet  the best but this is doable. Standard buffet things. standard price.. section was good but not great. service was a little bit slow.
3	Every time I go to Vegas, someone always suggests "This hotel has the best buffet!!!" and every time I end up being disappointed. However, I wouldn't say I was totally disappointed but I wasn't amazed either. The food wasn't really different than any other buffet except the food looked more expensive...if that makes sense. I think maybe because it was the brunch but who knows. The wait wasn't very long and we went exactly at noon. Everyone in the party loved the congee and it was just ok for me. I thought the "bacon" (not the regular bacon but the bacon carved next to the prime rib) was really tasty but very fatty. But who doesn't like bacon...amirite?!!?!
3	I've been here a couple of times now and I think that's plenty.  I stood in line for about an hour to get in.  Me - a practically fainting pregnant woman stood in line for an hour to get food.  And that meal cost me almost $50!  They have the "red card" line if you know what that is... I was apparently not a heavy enough gambler to get a red card, but that card is totally different than the red cards you use at slots anyway, so don't be mistaken.  The food was okay but so not worth the money.  Lunch might be more worth it.  I overheard someone in the crepe line asking for Nutella with her crepe and the server said they didn't have any because it was too expensive.  hello??  each of us just forked over $50 so I'm sure you can afford to get us some Nutella!One piece of advice I would give - get a cup of root beer from your waiter and then ask the dessert room for some of that real vanilla ice cream.  Mmm... heaven.
3	This hotel is just beautiful all around! The buffet area reminds me of what I imagine a lovely southern garden to look like. With that being said...I was just at the Wynn buffet this weekend and I feel like I'm losing interest in it after every trip. The Bellagio was good too but honestly a buffet is a buffet. We eat with our eyes and want to try everything under the sun & then feel disgustingly sick and bloated after it's all over. Hahaha, for $30 + bucks a pop you better believe we are gonna eat till some buttons pop off!!!*oh yeah, on a funny note I saw a guy trying to take a picture of the buffet @ the Wynn & a server popped out of nowhere and shouted "NO PICTURES ALLOWED SIR!" HAHAHA........must've been a yelper!!!!
4	I pretty much tell everyone about this spot whenever I hear the word Vegas. they're really good and their rack of lam is awesome! I usually go there for a late lunch and just stay for dinner with no extra cost. Highly Recommended.
1	This buffet was really gross...... we waited almost 2 hrs to get in too.  None of the food was even close to good.  I was really excited for the crab legs, but they were served cold and kind of tasted like what my fish tank smells like when we clean it.  Pastries and desserts were also sub-par.  Only thing I liked was the cream of broccoli soup and the one little appetizer shrimp pouchs..... but in reality, those are not the type of things you should be bragging about your dinner.   Service was pretty bad too, none of our used plates were taken away, no drink re-fills.  Blah.  Would not go again.
5	I went to the buffet at the Wynn during it's first year. Their buffet is the BEST I have ever been to! (Overall grade: A+) They had anything and everything I wanted. I LOVE buffets and I ate until it hurt!  I will definitely return to this buffet someday. Then, I'll update my review with details of the food.BEST buffets:  (1) Wynn, and (2) BellagioNote: I have not been to the buffet at the Rio yet...
4	By far the best buffet in Vegas, hands down, no questions asked. By far the best looking buffet, hands down, no questions asked. By far the best food selection, hands down, no questions asked. Do you really need any more convincing? Words can not describe The Buffet at the Wynn. Let your taste buds do the talking.
5	hands down the priciest, nicest , and yummiest buffet i've ever been to. bottomless champagne...hell yes! the food was amazing. so much to choose from and it was definitely quality food. i'm getting hungry thinking about it!
5	omg I feel like I'm in a princesses castle when I'm here at the Wynn - the walls are purple leather and the chairs have ornaments up to the hazoo!And where else on the Vegas strip can I find Congee with preserved eggs AND slab bacon to DIE for? I made it through 5 plates and lived (almost) to tell the story. Although, the walk out after left me with an unwalkable feeling. I heart Wynn Buffet Las Vegas!Let's just say I'm gonna turn into a fattie while here.
4	Thank goodness for yelp! I was torn between the Bellagio and the Wynn but we ultimatel y decided on the Wynn buffet at the end.  This was the best buffet ever. We went to the Paradise Garden Buffet at the Flamingo for a cheap buffet the night before  (dinner price was the same price as the Wynns lunch) the food was kinda yucky and cannot be compared!    We went on a Mon and took the advice of many Yelpers and went just before dinner time and saved ourselves like 13.00 each , extra change for gambling for me..We had like breakfast, lunch, and dinner food all at the same time, and it was all soooo yummy. .And P.S the dessert wasn't bad at all! P.P.S  Make sure you look out for the king crab legs they didn't bring it right out at 3:30, but I could tell people were waiting for it desperately.  They kept walking back and forth to the shellfish station waiting and waiting and right when they finally brought it out, there was a LOOOOONG Line haha.   I can't wait to come back!
5	De.Li.Ci.Ous like wow. Fatty McFatty here ate like 10 plates & had *way* too much chocolate milk, but it was so amazing. The spread was GiNormous & the food was so tastey. They covered some faves - sushi, risotto, breakfast staples (pancakes/waffles/eggs/bacon), fruits, veggies, asian fusion, grill, dimsum, pastries, home churned ice cream, CREME BRULEE, shrimp cocktail, and the list goes on... Oh yeah, and you can upgrade your meal for a couple bucks to get the unlimited mimosas - always good after a night out :) I love this buffet and hit it every time I'm in Vegas - it's a clutch ritual, and for ~$35, a steal.
5	This has got to be the best buffet i've ever been to!Everything I had tasted amazing. Such a big selection of food too. I'm definitely making a stop here the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	* Inspired by Charlton L. to not to be lazy and finally write this. :]My first time here was back in November 2008 when a group of friends and I went on a celebratory Vegas trip. It was our last night in Vegas and we collectively decided to eat at the Wynn buffet since we were going to party at Tryst.It's an amazing buffet! I was seriously thanking myself for not wearing some skin tight outfit because I would have been popping out of it! However, walking around all "dressed up" (and some what skimpy with killer heels) around families and little kids was a bit awkward. But hey, who cares when there is all you can eat King Crab legs and an amazingly large assortment of food, right?! The food was good. I ate to my heart's content.. and to my stomach capacity and it was worth it.The only downside to this buffet that I found was the dessert. They all looked so amazingly delicious and oh so cute (mini sizes/portions) but they really didn't taste the way they looked. I think I only liked one thing out of the whole lot :(.
4	By far my favorite buffet in Vegas. Yes, the 2 hour wait was painful. Watching people get the delicious food while your tummy is empty could be a killer. This buffet can appeal to everyone with different preferences in food. Once we were seated, I went straight for the seafood station. King crab legs and shrimp were fresh and nicely prepared. Compared to the other three buffets we tried during the trip, Wynn is elegant, but worth every penny you pay. Dessert was a splurge when I already had food up to my throat. If it's your first trip to Vegas, make sure you give this place a try.
1	I had forgotten how bad the Wynn Buffet is and made the mistake of returning for brunch. Only decent options were the eggs benedict and the porridge. Not something I would pay $36 for.Maximal price. Minimal choices. Not good.
4	definately the best buffet i've had in Las vegas.  the variety is good and the layout is nice.  it doesn't hurt that the place is also really nice and open with high ceilings!  This is where i starve myself during the day and eat till im so stuffed i just slouch down in my chair staring at  my half full plate because i always take more than i can eat.  You would think i learn.  I now try to minimize it, but it still happens sometimes.  what can i say... it IS a buffet.   You know you do it too!  I like to make up my own dish sometimes by adding a little bit of this onto this and then the combination of flavors makes my taste buds very happy.  there's something for everyone here.  I think its worth it.  the price is about the same as all the other buffets around cept this one tastes better and the food is in smaller portions which means they bring out new food constantly.  You will find me waiting in front of the hot plate until new food comes out, or me sitting as close to the food as i can so i can watch them when they bring out newly cooked food! =).  you know you do this too.  4.5 stars
3	The food was pretty...and that's where it stops. My mother constantly asks me why did I only take pictures of the food and not eat it. Well, I have only one answer to that. The food was beautiful on the outside, yet nasty on the inside. Let's start with the soup. The red soup (I forgot the name) looked sooo good. I said hey I should try this. I grabbed a bowl, sat down, and ate it. I swear I almost vomited on the table. I don't know what the hell it was but ew. Secondly was the beloved crab legs. I didn't know that they were cold!  I only like warm crab legs. I also didn't know that the mash potatoes, in the beautiful bowl, would be cold too, along with a number of other select items. No need to talk about the rest of the entrees because I gave up honestly, at the soup and potatoes. The only thing I did enjoy was the drink and the scallops (which could have been better).Next is the the dessert. Oh that beautiful dessert. The little cute cupcakes was just that...cute...that's it. As far as taste, it tasted like a dry sponge. The key lime pie was toooo sweet. I couldn't eat it. The apple on the stick was cute too.I have to make it 3/5 because of the pizza (which I forgot to mention earlier) and the creme brulee. OMG, my two favorite foods in the world are what happens to be the best choices at the buffet.So in conclusion, this place is nice if you want to get some nice photos of food to place on flickr. Other than that, it's not worth the money.
5	My friend told me about Sterling Buffet @ Bally, but at $85 a pop I can't afford that anytime soon...so, really, Wynn is definitely a more feasible choice pricewise.  We went there around 3:15pm, paid brunch prices, and ended up in there at the beginning of dinner.  I kept hitting up the cocktail shrimp and king crab to get my money's worth! The prime rib was pretty good; not as rare as I like it, but the boyfriend's end/crust piece was tasty.  The chicken noodle soup was good.  And WTF, whoever heard of making custom JOOK a part of your buffet?! You get the basic rice porridge, and you can add the preserved duck eggs, Chinese donuts, onions, scallions, pork sung, etc. to make it your style.  To THIS Chinese person who grew up on jook, it actually was pretty good (although the ingredients were cold and not really melding into the jook itself). My only complaint about the hot food was some of the veggie dishes.  I had a bit of the brussel sprouts and pancetta, and some green beans.  They were both WAY undercooked. I like my veggies crunchy too but this still tasted kinda raw or green.  That's what I get for eating freakin veggies in a buffet, huh?!Dessert: The creme brulee was standard and pretty good. I know they're kinda supposed to be snack sized or sample sized or something but the dish was so shallow I had to have two! The homemade chocolate ice cream was also a hit. Almost had one of those lil cupcakes because my friends liked them, but I had to hold back :) I had my reservations about paying $35 for a buffet but it was well worth it.
4	wynn, i love you. and i love your desserts.their creme brulee is SO good. aaaand they have this mint chocolate mousse cake that is to die for. and crepes!! and gelato! and bread pudding! and more! i was tempted to stuff a few pieces of cake in my bag to save for later.i was in dessert heaven.get their early to avoid long dinner lines!! and so you can let your stomache rest and digest and poo before starting up the drinking before going out. yes i plan these things in advance. its good advice, trust me.
4	This is the best buffet in vegas hands down. Its the quality that makes this the premiere buffet in Las Vegas but you will surely pay for it. The roughly $35.00 you spend may or may not be worth the price however...Vegas has become way overpriced and if you want to have a full stomach this is the place to go. I recommend going for a late lunch its a bit cheaper and still a nice buffet. Everyone runs for the crab legs but the highlight of the buffet is the prime rib and the mashed potatoes. Definitely the best mashed potatoes I have ever had. I give the Wynn Buffet a 86/100. It seems Wynn has lowered their standards a bit...not worth the breakfast buffet but lunch or dinner is a good choice.
4	We spent 4 hours here. True story.We got in line near the end of lunch and stayed late enough to get the crab legs/prime rib goodness that comes with the dinner menu. Delicious!According to one of my friends, when she went to get ice cream, she saw some lady puke in the dessert area. Overindulgent heathen! Who seriously eats 5 plates of food, including 10+ crab legs? That's messed up. Yeah...who would ever do that...
3	I can not go to Vegas without having a buffet and this time around is not any different. This time though, we decided to try the buffet at the Wynn. We stayed at NY NY and walked all the way to the Wynn. That is true dedication if you ask me. Our plan was to get there right before dinner to pay the lunch price and we made it with 5 mins to spare (whew!). I am so glad we paid the lunch price ($~22 weekday) rather the dinner price ($~35 weekday) because this buffet is not worth the high price for dinner. The food was okay and I think the only change from the lunch menu and the dinner menu was just the king crab legs. I was hoping to get a wide variety of selection but to my disappointment, most of the things there;  I can make at home. Even the desserts didn't wow me and I am such a dessert lover.There is definitely no privacy when you eat because they have the tables arrange so close together. I heard everyone conversation and ended joining a few; vice-versa. The servers were very attentive and nice.
4	I also got there 30 mins before the end of lunch and therefore able to enjoy dinner for the price of lunch. (saving of 14 bucks) First of all, I'm a big fan of buffets. I had Le Village @ Paris (breakfast, lunch, dinner), Bellagio (dinner), Mirage (dinner), Seafood buffet @ Rios (dinner), and Spice Market (lunch & Brunch). My favorite used to be Paris, but the quality of buffet was on a free fall and I swear off as of last year. Now let's talk about the Buffet @ The Wynn: Deco: The best from all the buffets I had. Very open space with natural or what feel like natural lighting. Lovely plants and great paintings all over the dinning area. Service: Depends on your servers. We found the previous diners gave $2 change for tips to our server. 15 mins and no drinks later, I understood why. However, the new server at dinner time was much better. Variety and Rating of food: Of course, it's no Spice Market, but still sufficient. I only gave ratings to the food I tried. The buffet is divided in areas-- Cold seafood: lunch: chilled soup, smoked salmon etch (N/A) dinner: peeled shrimp and Alaskan King Crab legs ("B+" for the huge shrimps--reminded me of the good old time @ Le Village)Japanese: Yes, the sushi selection is just sad ("C") Fruit salad/speciality salads: love the salads ("B+) Chinese: worst from all the other buffets on selection & taste ("C") Mexican (lunch)/Mediterrean(dinner): ("B") Grills: (N/A) Craving station (same Prime Rib for lunch/dinner, leg of lamb for lunch and lamb chop for dinner): Prime Rib was good. leg of lamb was overdone, lamb chop was much much better ("B") American: (N/A) Italian: lunch (B-), dinner (C+) Pizza: (N/A) looks great hot Seafood: (B-) Soups: 4 variety but too salty ("C") Salad bar: moved from the first station for dinner. Deserts: not a true beauty! Everything looked great but nothing compares to Bellagio. The crepe was just bad--Paris had the best. The buffet is a great value if you can go at the end of lunch and stay for dinner for $25. I would not spend $40 on this buffet.
5	good food always tastes even more amazing when its comped after your gambleholic friends have been betting so much it feeds 8 people for free! (get steve's red card and gamble before eating)its the wynn- steve stands by his name - and every dish is amazing here- very friendly for the non beef eating! so many other choices available - vegas isnt only about the prime rib anymore!! amazing decor, endless selections, and always room for dessert! hands down best buffet in vegas
3	I thought food was ok.  Medium quality compared to a resturant.  It's expensive on the weekends.  I prefer to skip the buffet & go to stand-alone.  You'll eat less and save some money.
5	I hit the buffet lines 4 times and attempted a 5th round with no success...Round 1 - super delicious juicy prime ribs with a side of roasted herb buttery corn on the cob, satay Brussels sprout with crushed smoked bacon, garlic butter mash potato, caramelized onion string beans, savory wine sauce mushroom buttons and raw horse radish for the beef.Round 2 - giant king crab legs with fresh lemons, jumbo shrimp cocktails with tangy cocktail sauce and lemon, California roll, shrimp tempura roll, kim chee, and baked pear with walnut goat cheese salad. Round 3 - Curry coconut sea bass, baked snapper, cream of broccoli and cheese soup, chilled gazpacho soupRound 4 - Mint chocolate chip with brownie mouse, chocolate mouse cake, creme brulee, and double fudge chocolate chip cookieI tried to do round 5 but was not successful!  I didn't get the opportunity to try the claim chowder, sweet and sour soup, egg noodle soup to order and a 2nd helping to Brussels sprouts with bacon and the savory wine sauce mushroom buttons.  Atmosphere was elegant, the variety of food was abundant, and everyone was super nice there.  It's as good as my all time favorite at Bellegio.
3	pissed!  THE CRAB LEGS WERE CHILLED NOT STEAMED!  WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!!!!!   We waited in an extremely long line for Champagne brunch.  This is one of the biggest and most diverse buffets ever.  I've had better!  REALLY I HAVE!  you know what...We to see what the hype was.  It's good no doubt but there are much better buffets in Biloxi, Mississippi!  28 dollars for 4 champagnes....YOU BETTER MAKE SURE THAT BEEZY STAYS COLD AND FULL!  AND GET SOME STEAMED CRAB LEGS!  As I am typing this...I am realizing that there are probably better buffets with shorter lines and cheaper prices.  SKIP THIS SH!T!
5	Key facts to remember about a champagne buffet1. Come starving. You're here to indulge your gluttony or fuel up for a night of drinking...not to indulge in a light snack. 2. Get on the expensive stuff.  Gotta get your moneys worth. That means the Crab legs friends. Its good here. Trust me3.  Ignore the creamy stuff. You can only put down so much, the creamy stuff will prevent you from getting those last 3 plates. 4. When your friend starts slurring her words after two champagne glasses, time to start drinking those glasses for her. 4. There's no shame in going back for 5th, 6th and 7th rounds.  It costs $40. Eat what you came for. Play your cards right and you won't have to eat for the rest of the day.5. Expecting great sushi at a buffet is just silly. This place is no exception. 6. Same goes for pizza. This isn't a dorm cafeteria...if you want pizza, go to a place that specializes in pizza7. There are a billion choices, why stick with just one? Try something new. Don't overindulge in one thing...8. ...unless its the delicious lamb or prime rib. Lose yourself.9. When your friend starts drunkenly ranting at you, time to get up and go explore the buffet some more. 10. Its a marathon..not a sprint. Take some time and enjoy the very pretty surroundings. 11. There's ALWAYS room for dessert....especially when its as good as it is here.12. When your friend passes out  on the table, thats a signal to get out of there.Definitely plan on hitting this place up again! May go with different people though....
5	I am not saying that this is a 5-star restaurant...I am saying that, for a buffet, this is a 5-star deal.The overall value is legitimate.Some of my faves included: Sea Bass Wellington, Cheese Pizza, Soups, Sweet & Sour Shrimp, Briased Lamb, Garlic Mashed potatoes, even the corn was bomb...mmmm, i am getting hungry thinking about this!!They also made a terrific red Sangria and it was DELICIOUS!! The risotto and gnocchi were low-points, but, hey...the quality was there and chaffing dishes were replaced often.We went here twice in a week's trip to LV.YUM!  good service, too!!xo-andrea
3	Gotta take off 1 star cause I got reminded last weekend why I think pricey buffets aren't really worth it, especially if you're paying $45 with tax and tip for dinner when you you just finished eating lunch like 5 hours ago.So dinner for me basically composed of about 20 Alaskan King Crab Legs dipped in warm liquid butter (saw 1 leg on my plate with a hair on it, so I threw that shit back...hopefully no one else ate that shit), about 5 shrimp cocktails with cocktail sauce, ONE bite out of every single meat served because I like to sample but not devour since meats are a little more heavy, some peas, fruit cocktail cup, and a slice of french bread.  And for desert a bite out of a doughnut, cupcake, cookie, and 2 scoops of coconut and vanilla flavored gelato ice cream with Oreo and Butterfinger crumbs all over it.  Yum!The servers even make or serve you all sorts of nonalcoholic drinks too.  Water, soda, juice, mixed drinks like Shirley Temples minus a cherry, but maybe if you ask for one they'll serve you your drink with one.If this buffet was like $30 or less, I'd probably still give it 4 stars, but I don't really love anything here aside from the Alaskan King Crab Legs dipped in warm butter and the gelato ice cream for dessert.  Everything else served is simply just aiiite.
3	Nothing really wow-ed me since this is a buffet and they don't really specialize in anything. my entrance fee was 32 for lunch but if you timed it like i do, you can walk in around 2:30...PACE yourself and dinner items are rolled out at 3:30! so you can have the best of both worlds.All-in-all, this was a nice place. it wasn't that crowded and the line does look very decepting! just hang in there!
1	terrible...just terrible. Not a lot of choices for food , especially seafood. Most of the stuff were bland...or just not edible. One of the mint mousse desserts tasted like toothpaste...they displayed so many cupcakes but didn't have a single one out for customers...what the heck? Sushi was bad...even the king crab legs and cocktail shrimp which I was looking forward to was a big disappointment. The shrimp was just ok but the crab legs tasted like seawater...i've had better. Fruits were dry and tasted like it had been washed  in water. For $50 a person i would definitely not come back! Don't even bother to try this place...their waiters drop dirty dressing dripping rags on you as they walk by...it pissed me off and when I told somebody they just handed me another rag to wipe myself off and replaced my chair. What more can they do? I don't know...but I wasn't a happy customer when I left...When I asked my friend which item she thought was the best..she responded with.." my soda" so that really shows you how great this place is. For buffets, just stick with Bellagio or Rio.
3	I wish I could give 1/2 stars because I would have given the Buffet at the Wynn 3 1/2 stars.  I just couldn't justify giving it a four.  (But, if my husband and his parents were writing this review, I think they all would have given it a generous 4!)  This was the favorite buffet of my husband and his family, but I felt it lacked quality non-seafood choices which dampened my enjoyment because I'm allergic to seafood.One hint on value....if you go at the end of lunch (before 3:30) it's a lot cheaper, but they begin serving dinner at 4:00.  It got busy close to 3:30, so be sure to get in line leaving yourself a little time to spare.The other 3 people in our party loved all the seafood and said the crab legs were the freshest they had.  The buffet also had a carving station, mashed potatoes, etc. and a made to order pasta station with pizzas.  I thought the food had some more exotic options and I tend to enjoy more traditional dishes done well.  The desserts were fabulous and they have a gelato case with an extensive selection of flavors with a variety of toppings to choose from.  The pastry chefs work in open in the dessert area and it was fun to watch them creating.  There are absolutely divine decorated cakes on display that were fun to check out as I wondered around the dessert area.  Dessert was definitely the highlight of my meal.I would recommend the Wynn buffet if only for the whimsical decor!  The bright colors, fruit and flowers that decorated the restaurant reminded me of Alice in Wonderland brought to life and it was my favorite Vegas restaurant decor.  Overall, I would recommend the Wynn as worth a visit, especially if you take advantage of the value by being seated at the end of lunch.  Go hungry to get your money's worth!  Also, on your way out of the hotel & casino, don't miss the parasol display to the right of the lobby, or the beautiful floral tiled floors in the lobby of the entrance to the hotel.
4	I think this place is good for one thing and one thing only...and that's the crab legs, if you don't like crab legs don't bother coming b/c there are other buffets that are better (Bellagio) and for a better price. Those crab legs though...are darn good.
5	I'm not usually a buffet person, but when in Vegas, it seems it's the thing to do.  As far as buffets go, this is the best one I've ever been to, in Vegas or anywhere else.  I've only been for breakfast/brunch, but I can't imagine that dinner isn't on the same level.They literally have EVERYTHING you could possibly want.  There is traditional breakfast food , fresh fruit, these amazing little hash brown balls with chives in them, an entire bakery in the center (try the cinnamon rolls!), omelettes made to order, Asian food, Mexican food, seafood, a carving station, and the list goes on.  Both times I came I happened to be at breakfast, on the cusp of lunch, so I got to try both.  When lunch came they put out mini sandwiches, marinated steak tips, all kinds of salads, pasta, cheeses...it would be overwhelming, except each station has a huge sign over it telling you exactly what it is so you can easily navigate your way around.The service was excellent, with our dirty plates cleared each time within minutes.Obviously it's a buffet, so there aren't going to be too many culinary suprises, but everything they do, they do well.  It's all fresh, hot, perfectly cooked, beautifully presented, and most importantly- delicious.
3	Honestly, I don't know what all of the hype is with the Wynn Buffet.  Ok, the taste of the food was good but...I think in comparison to the other buffets you can find on the strip, it's just way too overpriced.  I'd rather go to Mandalay and get the warm delicious crab legs there.
4	Crab legs, crab legs, and more crab legs! This buffet is surely good as I had prime rib, slow roasted beef slices, and a lot more.  What was excellent was the desserts as I grabbed a red cheesecake thingy, mint choc chip mousse slice, and the creme brulee... This buffet was fabulous and I would rate it right under my current favorite and reigning champion.... The Buffet @ Bellagio!
4	I haven't been to too many buffets on the strip (others: MGM, Bellagio, Red Rocks) but I was impressed by this buffet.  First off, the entrance was beautiful and the servers were quick to come to the table, greet and serve us drinks.  The food was really fabulous---like other reviewers have noted, there's endless amounts of fresh crab legs to get with oodles of warm drawn butter.  Yum.  Aside from the crab legs, there's a ton of other great food---for example:- mushroom risotto cakes in pea puree- spaghetti squash au gratin with white truffle oil- rigatoni in a gorgonzola cream sauce- poached pear and blue cheese walnut salad- lychee infused fruit salad- chipotle rubbed chicken thigh- rotisserie game hen- prime rib (of course)- delicious sushi- tons of shrimp cocktail- flatbread pizza- great dessert: fresh ice cream, sorbet, cupcakes and other dessertsOverall, very very satisfied with the buffet and had a delicious meal.  Highly recommend.
5	AMAZING!  We came here around 5 and there was no line, score!  It was a thrill to cut through the would-be snake line.  Yeah yeah, 5 is super early but we figured we could eat for a couple of hours and enjoy as much as we could (and for our money's worth). I can't remember all the food they had but I will list some of my favorites.the Ceasar SaladTuna CevicheCoconut Scallop CevicheCoconut Curry Sea Bassan amazing shrimp pasta with really thick noodles and a spicy-ish tomato based sauceVeal riblets (these were BOMB.  definitely in my top 3!)the asparagus the brussel sprouts with baconFlank Steak (amazing)Chocolate Mousse CakeCoconut Ice CreamWe also really enjoyed the hot coffee =) The dessert room is awesome and there is an assortment of sugar-free cakes.A heads up: the line for the crab legs gets really long around 6-ish.
4	The Wynn Buffet is excellent, but hold on one second...or maybe 30 minutes...because that is how long you will have to wait in line to get in!The price is worth every penny, well on Las Vegas Hotel standards that is! We had the dinner buffet ( $80 later , not including alcohol ) and it was amazing! Fresh King Crab, Sushi, Prime Rib, Salads, and the list goes on and on! My favorite - Shrimp dumplings - which also yielded the smallest line! The service is pretty good, as my empty plate was gone by the time I arrived back at the table from another  adventurous scanvender hunt of food!Make time for when you plan to head to the buffet, as like all good things in life, be patient!
3	This buffet is definitely good but it's not amazing. Maybe I had high expectations since the hotel itself is pretty fabulous. Maybe it was the hype.  Maybe it's because I hear that other buffets are even better. Maybe it's the pricing (but I think it's pretty much the same anywhere)But saying all that, this buffet is still pretty good. They have a huge selection of all different types of food which is great. Their dessert section is my favorite, especially the creme brulee, I ate 10 plates (excessive, yes)I do like the decoration and the fact that most of the tables are spread out from each other. Don't you hate it when you're seated so close to the other table, you're practically on their laps? I do. So I like that this buffet is definitely roomy
4	Bellagio or Wynn...that is the question. We decided to go to the Wynn Buffet (we were staying at the Trump, across the road).I think the trick is to a little bit off peak, for a couple of reasons:1. - The wait is not very long if you are not there at 7 or 8 in the evening...we hit the buffet at about 6:15 and waited less than 10 minutes, and;2. - I think everything is less picked over and fresher when it's a little less crowded.OK, it's a buffet, but a really terrific buffet, with cocktails and the whole deal!The selection is awe inspiring, from the fish to the steaks to the pasta and salads to the dessert, cheeses and everything in between. Really magnificent and the chefs do a great job of preparing everything well and keeping new dishes coming out hot (or cold if required) and on time.I know, for $75-80 for a buffet, it should be terrific...it is. I only wish I could eat more.
4	I like to eat. I like to eat a lot, and the Wynn Buffet is probably the one place that you get the bang for your buck. Why? Because you can load up on as many crab legs as your heart desires. Just imagine eating plate after plate of legs. Mmm MM MMMM!!Need a break? Take a trip to the restroom, it's clean and loaded with air fresheners, so it'll give you a chance to "unload". Yes, the toilets are clean enough to sit on. I didn't encounter a stall with someone's yack left behind.There's a room completely dedicated to desserts. Mmm... chocolate cakes, cupcakes, ice cream, crepes topped with fresh fruit... So why just four stars? Because the steak was a bit dry. Rare was more like medium and I couldn't finish the piece. Food wasted... boo. =(Staying off the strip near the convention center? There's a FREE shuttle to and from the Wynn Hotel within walking distance from The Marriott. What's better than a FREE ride to the strip! Spend your cab fare on the slots.
2	I got in line at 11:30 AM for lunch and waited about an hour. The place looked elegant but I though with the pricey vegas entrance there would be more of a selection.  Desert was just okay. No crab legs on a sunday afternoon. I prefer Planet Hollywood or Mandalay Bay for a better taste of variety. plus mandalay on sundays have mamosas and crablegs for lunch.
4	Brunch at the Wynn Buffet is EXCELLENT.PRIME RIB.f*** yeah.BTW, let me mention my friend who will not be named.  I swear, he is such an idiot.  It was his birthday, so I paid for his meal.  DUDE ate SCRAMBLED EGGS and ORANGES.  He wouldn't touch the prime rib because it was TOO RED.  FAIL. F*** MY LIFE.
3	The breakfast - awesome!  Great variety of the traditional alongside the nontraditional, like Asian's bfast of fried rice and wontons.  The california strawberries were a crowd pleaser and the waffles were fresh and great with the warm maple syrup.The dinner - we won't come back!  The 3 things that were good were the endless crab legs, prime rib, and clam chowder (which always had a 5-10 minute wait for the refills).  If I just reviewed it for dinner, it would get 2 stars, especially since it's expensive and the wait is so long.
3	Cute looking place. Makes you feel like you're on the set of Alice in Wonderland. The selection was plentiful but I guess I expected more somehow. It lacked the wow factor of having a high end omelette center with crab or shrimp as choices that I would expect. The various cuisine center was ok but nothing special either. The dessert center and the salad bar were probably the highlight of the place for me. perhaps I'm just not a buffet person.
4	soft shell crabs, alaskan king crab legs (now this is the real king crab legs, unlike other places who claim that they're serving king crab, but really they're snow crabs), clams, cocktail shrimps, etc...prime rib, rack of lambs, turkey, etc..The Buffet at the Wynn has a high range of selections on food and desserts (from cookies to cakes to crepe and to ice cream!). Totally worth the $$ for this place. The crepe, i still think Paris' Le Village Buffet taste better. i come here almost everytime when i'm at vegas.
5	i'm going to keep this pretty short and sweet...BEST.BUFFET.EVER. seriously, i think the buffet at wynn blows all the other vegas buffets OUT 'da WATER!!!  i can spend 3+ hours at this place and still find foods i haven't tried.  mm, yum.  my friend and i seriously worked this place - we spent 3 hours here, and tried to taste everything... we failed.  they aiint sheisty with their champagne either.  our champagne server made sure that our flutes were constantly full.  i could go on and on, but meh... go try it for yourself!sigh... pure gluttony.
5	Don't be intimated by the LONG LINE. It will move, maybe you will wait about 30 minutes... but once you get to the front and pay, it took a little longer that I expected to be seated. Especially when I clearly see open and available seats. They should just make it open seating rather than assigned. (3 out of 5 on that service)Now for the most important part: 5 STARS on the FOOOOOD!!!!! Crab legs and butter ALL DAY BABY!!!!! shrimp cocktail, sushi, all kinds of MEAT (ie., beef, pork, lamb, fish), pizza (for the kids, jk), salads, desserts and MORE! If you go to VEGAS, you have to visit this place at least ONCE.
3	Ok so the Wynn Buffet.. Hmm The first time I went I found it to be SUPERB.. but then again that was back in June 2008.  The second time was in January 2009 and the freakin food really went down in quality.. I had the crab legs, carved turkey , fish along with the cute tiny little sandwiches they had.. being the buffet freak I am I usually go up for seconds but this time I was done with one plate which I didn't even clean off.  I refuse to say i'm going to shun the Wynn buffet but it may take me a while to stir up the guts to go again.  I'm not sure how much it costs, since my Fiance plays with the big bucks so we tend to get comped for our food often but if my memory serves me right it was $55 for two people on a saturday night. Enjoy .. can't wait to try the Bellagio Buffet!
3	Ok, so it's pretty freakin' cool that I could get1. Pot Stickers2. Prime rib3. Pasta4. Smoked salmon5. Chinese chicken salad6. Roast beef bocadillos7. Eggs benedict...all on one plate. Not because I am a master brunch plate balancing act (I am tho, trust me), but because they just offer so much damned food. But is that really a good thing? To me, this is a sort of "when in Vegas..." kind of place. It's certainly not cheap, and the food quality is good, but certainly not stellar. To be honest, I'd be just as happy ordering just one thing and saving ten bones (and about 5,000 calories).
4	Now, THIS is a buffet!  Everything here was awesome.  The king crab legs were so good and in abundance!  I think the buffet here is much better than the Buffet at Bellagio.  It was well worth the wait and the money.I love their dessert section.  There are so many to choose from!  They also make crepes for you on the spot.  I'd definitely come here again.
3	3.5 Stars. Quick verdict: If you love love dessert, the Wynn Buffet is for you! If not, you're better off at the buffets inside the Bellagio, Rio or Planet Hollywood.For some reason, I've never really been impressed with the Wynn Buffet.  Sure it's nice, but every time I go (and I don't know why I go), I always come away unsatisfied. Yes, I would expect the Wynn Buffet to be top notch in presentation, quality, and class. Yes, I would expect their food to be good. It's just there's not a whole lot variety to pick from. Sure, you get the usual cuts of meats and crab legs and some Asian favorites, but beyond that I kept wondering where that $42 is going into? By the 2nd trip, I ran out of things to eat and resorted to a slice of pizza - something I was trying to avoid eating.  I was expecting a whole lot more. Also of note, the prime rib came out very rare.  The lamb chops though - DE-licious!I hafta admit the taste is definitely superb and the quality is tops - all fine and dandy up to the point you realize that the Bellagio can offer just about the same level goodness but provide A LOT more food options to really wring your money's worth.Where you're really putting the money into here is what comes after the meal.  If you're totally in it for the desserts, then the Wynn Buffet is for you.  This place has probably the most impressive (and largest?) dessert bar of any buffet I've been to around town. Gelatos, tiramisu, creme brulee, cookies, cakes, bread pudding...you name it, they've got it. All very decadent to commit sinful rapture on your sweet tooth.  And I love my dessert. But I also love my main course dishes too and would expect Mr. Wynn to provide a myriad of electic food items to satiate all my taste buds. For the money, I'd place my bets on the Bellagio or Rio.
4	My gf and I ate here twice while on our trip.  We originally planned to eat at Rio since my gf has never been there but I heard from family and yelpers that wynn buffet was good, so we decided to go there instead.  We waited 1 hour in line but the wait was well worth it.  The seafood was good.  The quality is better then Rio and the desserts were good too....(creme brule and strawberry shortcake my favs).  Last but not least....try their lemonade.....Helpful tip, second time around we found out that there is a special line for red card holders....so save yourself some time in the buffet line and get your self a free red card with Wynn...they also give you $10 dollars in play when you sign up....how could you lose?
2	Ok, I changed my mind.  I don't really like the Wynn Buffet anymore.  First, there are long lines to get in.  Then, it's $39.95 per person.  Then you come to find out that the only beef is prime rib along with some other lamb chops.  The seafood lines are freakin long for what?  Crab legs?  That's it?  They don't even have salmon sashimi (like they do at the Rio Seafood Buffet).  After my 2nd plate, I realized that there is really nothing else I wanted to eat at this place.Highlights: prime rib, creme brulee dessert & crepes for dessert.Lowlights:  All others.
5	The Wynn Buffet gets 5 stars!  Yes, there is a wait - about 30-35 minutes.  But there is always going to be a wait if it's good.  Yes, it's $39.95 a pop - but it includes endless champagne and it's all you can eat!  The prime rib was delicious, and so were the crab legs.  If you're not impressed by either, then I suggest not coming here.  There is also a variety of items on the menu such as several kind of seafood ceviches, pastas, some sushi, some dim sum, various soups...It was a girl's weekend in Vegas, and we took full advantage of the buffet, staying for a whopping four (4!) hours, between 1 and 5 pm on a Saturday.  One server change, bottle after bottle of champagne (sparkling wine, if you want to get technical) mimosas, and one entire meal change later (from brunch until dinner) satisfied our food needs for the entire day.  The dessert selection is huge, and should not be missed.
5	Ate at the Wynn buffet for lunch and it is delicious! it was around 25 dollars.  there was a slightly long line but it moved fairly quickly. i loved the lamb riosotto and the sea bass wellington. the prime rib is also delicious. the food is all very gourmet for a buffet.  the desserts were also really good. i especially liked the gelato! i would definitely return again.
4	I wouldn't mind coming here every time I visit Vegas.$34.95 for Easter Sunday brunch with a 30-minute wait.  Worth it, in my opinion.  If only they had crab legs during brunch!I ate sushi, huevos rancheros, pork buns, enchiladas, quiche, kung pao chicken and the world's best lamb risotto (according to me), all on one plate.  Next, French toast and potatoes au gratin followed by a plate and a half of various sugar bombs.  Delicious AND disgusting all at the same time.I forced my boyfriend to walk for an hour afterwards.  Strangely, I felt more full an hour later.  Uuuuggghhhh....
5	Ok I'm a fan of this buffet.  My husband and I went at 2:30 on a Friday (no wait!!) and paid the lunch price.  We were on our second plates when the dinner entrees starting coming out.  I think dinner is $10 more than lunch. The food was goooood. Not extraordinary...but better than the other buffets in vegas.  I particularly liked the Udon noodles and the lamb risotto.  Their flank steak was soooooo good!  The marinade tasted like the korean bbq marinade.  But the meat was cooked perfectly medium...just the way I like it!!  They also had a huge assortment of pastas and fish that were good.  As soon as the crab legs and shrimp came out for dinner, people went crazy!  But honestly, I thought they were gross....salty and COLD!  I like my crab/shrimp warm.  Their desserts are wonderful too.  My fav?  The lemon yogurt gelato!!!  So smooth and tart.  My husband's favorites were the creme brulee and the Bailey's mousse (comes in a cute cup) Yummy!The only con about Wynn?  THEY DON'T ALLOW STROLLERS!!  Ok..in all honestly, before having baby, I would have appreciated this since strollers take up a lot of room. But now that I have a 4 month old....COME ON!!!!!  My husband and I were shocked!  It would have been so easy to rock our baby in the stroller while we ate.  Now we had to figure out what to do with the kid while we were eating.  We ended up just taking in the heavy carseat and thank goodness our baby fell asleep so we could eat our heart's out....but seriously....a stroller would have been nice.  Grrrr. Otherwise...I would definitely go to this buffet again!
3	A bit overrated.   Main entrees are sub par.  Not many meat dishes.  Went here cuz everyone says its the best buffet in vegas.  I say rio and MGM is comparable.  Albeit, their desert menu is very good.
3	I must admit, I was a bit bummed when I saw the selection for the Wynn Buffet.  After a week of Buffet Binging - I thought we had hit the mother load and saved the best for last.  This was not the case.  I am not saying that it wasn't good, but I had expected a little more variety.  They didn't have any shell fish on the buffet at all, except some shrimp mixed in with pasta.  The food was decent, but nothing that sent me on repeated trips.  I would have to say the most appealing section is the dessert area.  And I'm usually not a huge fan of desserts.  These tiny concoctions truly are a delight to the eye as well as the tummy.
4	Man, is there no one in Vegas?  the taxi driver's said Vegas haasn't been the same since about 8 months ago.The Wynn Buffet has got to be the other buffet that people kept telling me to eat....besides the Bellagio.First of, buffet etiquette.  Do I HAVE to wait for all the slow ass crab leg grabbers?  I want some and without me having a well endowed chest, overweight, and me being male...I kept getting dirty looks as I moseyed my way to the legs in front of people.  So, like the rest of the lemmings, i get in line.  Look, I'm losing weight you bastards, just grab your damn legs and continue on...I'm in Vegas, but these buffets actually close here.Crab legs are a must.  Which leads me to my second "GGGRRRRRR."I need to contain the succulent butter sauce for my fresh crab legs....yet, me being Asian, fat, and semi blind...okay....ridiculously blind, i can't find a container that isn't for soup.  yes, i walked my fat lazy butt to the other side...WHERE DID YOU FIND THAT CONTAINER ANT?Side note, the slab of turkey meat will NOT, I repeat, WILL NOT contain and keep the butter sauce from encompassing the entire contents of your buffet plate....goodbye delicious Sea Bass, you are now butterfied. (I'm trying out a new non-word).  Try to make a small dish dam, if you will, with the mashed potatoes.  Or be smarter than I and actually ask for a small container..you would think they would be right by the stupid butter sauce container...it would have been the most obvious place to place such a dish.There are only 2 stalls in the mens bathroom...choose wisely.  They are fully enclosed and have a nice frosted window for you to see shadows of other, wood-be crappers.Okay, back to the buffet.The meats are delicious...fish, crab legs.  You really can't go wrong.  i would admit i did enjoy the prime rib yet i think the Bellagio may have more flavor in their meats.  the thing for the Wynn is crablegs though.  The waiters are amazing and are able to help you with any type of necessity...tea works great after unnervingly consuming 2 sticks of liquid butter.  Stupid turkey, i thought your handle the butter....i think thee NOT.There is also a crepe station in which one of my com padres was insistent upon.  The other desserts, cakes and stuff, are interesting and delightful.  A very nice compliment to the beginning 3 plates of food.This is one of the must try for a Buffet in Vegas...stop buy...and the ashtray outside has a sign that says NO SMOKING for some stupid reason.
4	Went there with my family on Easter Sunday.  We got there around 5 p.m. and we just barely beat the rush.  15 minutes later the line was snaking out the door.  After reading the reviews I expected the interior to be nicer.  The middle dining is beautiful but the dining room we were in was  nothing to ooh or aah about.  I started out the dinner with Alaskan king crab legs and cocktail shrimp.  The cocktail sauce was spiked with horseradish just the way I like it.  Some of the Alaskan crab legs were too salty though.  (The salt made me so thirsty the rest of the evening that I could not drink enough water to quench my thirst.)  After a couple plates of those I moved onto the carving station where the prime rib which was cooked perfectly pink from middle to edge.   It was so juicy and tender!  The New Zealand lambchops were a little too gamey for my taste.  The other entrees were not that memorable.  The clam chowder was eh.  The seafood bouillabaise was good though.  They didn't have any sushi, poke salads, seaweed salad or handrolls like the Bellagio's, only maki rolls.  I didn't have any of that because I wanted to leave room for dessert.  And I have to say, the creme brulee was to die for!!!  My husband ate 4 of those.  We also tried the ice cream and their other little desserts.  Other than the creme brulee the Bellagio's desserts were better than Wynn's.  The Wynn no longer serves candy apples so we were a little disapointed.  Overall, a great meal.  The service is great here too.  If you love Alaskan king crab, prime rib and creme  brulee, go to the Buffet at the Wynn.
4	6 inch heels... big boobs almost falling out of the dress. How do girls balance that with plates of food... amazing...OK, back to food. King's crab legs = very good, very fresh and sweet. Racks of lamb and prime ribs were tender, not overcooked. The Asian food department is lacking, but that's what LA is for.  Everything consistent since Jan'09. I'll be back for more! Came here @ 2:55, paid lunch prices for 6 and stayed there for dinner :) Saved over $60 :)
3	i was a little disapointed with this place. if you're paying 40 dollars, its defintely not worth it. i am, however, comparing this to the buffet at bellagios. bellagios is much better. let me break this down piece by piece.salads- not too much of a variety. pretty small salad bar. but i did like the barley salad, that was nice.fish- i was bit disappointed with the sea bass, it was defintely over cooked, same with the catfish. however, the one good fish was the red snapper. eat that one.meats- it has all the standards. most of the meats tasted overdone. the only one that was worth getting seconds was the prime rib. seafood - the crab legs were disappointing. defintely defintely tasted frozen and thawed out. to make things worse there was a long line. shrimp also tasted like they were cooked, then frozen, then thawed. typical standard fare of smoked salmon and california rolls. miscellaneous - well the mashed potatoes were really good! i always get in trouble for eating mashed potatoes at buffets.. my mom yells at me and says i should eat something more expensive =)desserts - i didn't get a chance to eat the gelato cuz there were too many people. but u could make sundaes with them. the other stuff was knda good. lotsa pies, pudding type desserts.the service was realy good. what a buncha cheap guys not to tip!!!so overall the place is deifntely not worth 40 dollars. good thing we got vouches and each only paid half. mosey yourselves over to bellagio's buffet instead.
4	Only a 20 minute wait for a Sunday dinner made this outing a painless one. The king crab legs are cold but they're good. The prime rib was juicy and not at all dry. They also had a good selection of desserts which included crepes. They were a bit slow asking us for drinks and taking plates away. Overall the food was great but the service could have been much better.
4	The dessert section is awesome :)  The food is soso.  I had breakfast and lunch  there.
3	On my last trip to Vegas I decided to try out the Wynn buffet. A wide selection of food from Asian, fresh seafood, Italian, etc. was available.  The salad bar however was very limited. One of the best things served was the freshly sliced bacon. Overall it's decent, but didn't wow me like I expected it would.
5	Top Notch, baby!I was in Vegas for a 2 weeks back to back and dined @ several buffets mostly for breakfast before attending looooong buying trade shows.The Buffet here, HANDS DOWN is worth $20 for breakfast.Everything is fresh, elegant presentation and delicious.elaborate bread selection on every carb baked. Cheese selection was outstanding. My man friend I was traveling with is super picky and he LOVED this layout of fine culinary art.pastry chef's hard at work baking, frosting and dipping. I was salivating over the mini candy apples and petite sweet pies. worth every calorie.6 star restaurant service... It doesnt seem like you are at a buffet.
4	I was so hungover and thinking I won't be able to eat anything.  So wrong.If anything all the food there was top notch.  Risotto with braised lamb was over cooked though.The thing to look most forward to is dessert.  They had a tapioca, passionfruit/lychee jelly thing going on which made the perfect end to a great brunch.
5	I just came back from Vegas for a short trip with my cousins and on our final day there we wanted a good buffet...Vegas style...and we found it HERE!! There was everything! It was Sunday so they have their Brunch buffet from 8am till 3pm. We got in line around 12:30 and were seated about 1:45pm the line was about an hour, it just took a little longer for us to get seated because we had a party of 10 and wanted to all sit together otherwise they will seat large parties earlier if you don't mind being separated. We started eating as soon as we sat down and we ended up staying past 3pm for their switch to the dinner menu which was a total plus because they brought out king crab legs! And much much more!!!!  We paid 29.99 a person but if you want the champagne brunch it was 36.99 a person. And after 3pm the dinner goes up to 39.99 a person...my recommendation is to get there a bit before 3 pay the brunch price eat a little of one menue before they switch to the dinner you get twice the selection of food for a better price!!Happy EattingP.S:The coffee ice cream is a must even if you don't like coffee!!! Its a complete must they make it themselves so its one of a kind!!!
5	I went to three different buffets while in vegas, Rio, Bellagio, and Wynn. By far, the buffet at the Wynn was my absolute favorite. I didn't have to wait in line as long as the other two and the food tasted much better. The person taking our drinks was awesome and was on top of his game at all times, especially since we had 7 people at our table! The food was to die for. It was cooked to perfection and I definitely went back in for seconds. Their dessert selection was great also. I left a very happy camper.
5	5 stars, for breakfast at least... oh the food is so delicious.. there is a difference, there is... its not the beautiful decor that s playing wiht my mind, the food is just superior to other buffets.
1	Do NOT eat here, despite the good reviews, unless you want bugs in your water.My bf found an INSECT in his glass of water when we had barely started eating. It had wings and everything. When he brought this up with the manager, the manager was rude, failed to apologize, and gave attitude. We had to negotiate to get a refund on the meal, and they were NOT nice about it.This is actually my 2nd time here, and I would have given them 2-3 stars overall if not for the insect in the drink and the manager's rudeness. Food is overpriced for what it is. ~$40 per person for dinner and food that you can find at almost any $10-15 buffet outside of the strip. At least at the Bellagio you get fancier food like Venison, Osso Bucco, and much better prime rib for your money. Save your money and go to the Bellagio....at least you'll get more bang for your buck and not have to deal with bugs in your water and rude waitstaff.
5	Worth it, that's all I want to say.  Given the lengthiness of my other reviews, and all the info you can glean from the other reviews below, I hope that says lots to you :DBut seriously -- I went here for lunch, solo since I meshed two trips into one (first with college friends then with grad school friends/bachelorette party) and had some time to kill.Soooooo worth it.  I wished I'd cruised by the dessert place first b/c I *completely* loaded up on every. single. one. except one, actually.  The people seated next to me looked at me like I was nuts, but who cares.Totally worth it.
3	We're usually not a big fan of buffets. We feel it lacks quality due to quantity. However, this place is pretty good. Well I'm a big dessert fan and they have big list of pretty and yummy desserts. I think I had more desserts than my main meal. Waiters are pretty attentitive. They were quick to clear our plates for more, refill our drinks ect.There's usually a line here so you might want to come a tiny bit before peak time.
4	definitely the best buffet i've had in vegas! the crab legs were really fresh!! you can taste the difference compared to other buffets in vegas. they also had a vast variety of dessert. a plus there was gelato ice cream! the service i had there was not that great. however, they do not put away the food untiil 10:30 or 10:45pm something of that nature so if you go there late as i did [around 9:30] then i say go!
3	Just wasnt that impressed to tell you the truth...maybe it was due to the fact we went for a late breakfast (food sitting out for a while maybe?); but I didn't feel that there was 1 item that really stood out from the crowd. Some of the food just didn't taste right (hash browns with way to much green onions for example) while others just underwhelmed (waffles, biscuits and gravvy were best examples).Our waiter was fairly good, but the rest of the staff was hit or miss. It was weird that during transition, some of the cooks would let you get the lunch dishes while others would not. The primerib guy was happy to serve me a slab at 1045 while the mashpotato cook (standing 3 feet away!) told me to come back at 11. Kind of lame!!Price wasn't bad for breakfast; but I would have been bent if I paid $40 for dinner.
3	I ate here Saturday around 2 and the line was about a 30 minute wait.  It was $30 bucks a person if you were not going to do the champagne brunch.  Overall, the food was good, but there was nothing special about it.  The breakfast items were still pretty tasty when I got there, but the eggs benedict had a weird tangy flavor to it.  It wasn't bad, just different.  My favorite part of the buffet was the DESSERT section!  I am a dessert whore, so I was more than happy to see the selection of cakes mousses and tarts.  My favorite was the banana chocolate cake.  It was SOOOOO good!  It reminded me of a bombastic bar!  YUMMMMM!   If you love desserts, definitely check it out!
4	Overall one of the better high end buffets in Las Vegas.  Lots of selection and food generally good quality for a buffet.  The other buffet I would definitely recommend is the Bellagio buffet.
1	What is everybody talking about?!?!?! All of my friends recommended the Wynn buffet and said it was the best in Vegas. There wasn't a single thing i had seconds on....    and it costs $45...what a rip off. Prime Rib - Over cooked and DRYLamb chops - Black and drySushi - Blah...but when is it ever good at buffetsCrab - not bad...but they slice it in half so the pieces are small.I would give this buffet 0 stars but it gets 1 for the coconut curry sea bass....and the fact we only had to wait in line for 10 mins on a Saturday night. I guess everyone heard how bad it was and doesn't come anymore.
2	Visit: 5/17/09 - Dinner.  This Buffet was pretty good.  Notable is the creme brule and the different fish items they had on the buffet line.Watch out for the crab legs.  Not so good.Lamb was terrible and I am not talking about Terribles Hotel and Casino.  I mean terrible as in bad.Prime Rib was okay, but got cold by the time you walk back to your seat.The coca cola was the best I ever had.  Perfect syrup and carbonation.Service was good.Price is expensive, but the food quality is superior since they put small portions on the buffet line to force their staff to refill the line more often.  This means you are less likely to scoop up food that has been sitting on the line for a very long time.Hopefully I hit a big jack pot so I can come back.  Pretty pricey, only come if I can afford it.
4	Short line around 2:30 PM, which really is the best time to go if you want to try both brunch and dinner items, since the switcheroo happens around 3:30 PM.  Also you pay brunch price, which is a little cheaper than dinner.  But then again, you're at the Wynn so being frugal really isn't what it's all about here I guess.  Just take any deal you can get.I enjoyed a lot of items here, especially their prime rib and their desserts.  Also to recognize is their lamb risotto, which was super creamy.My only reservation from giving this place a higher score is that it's rather pricey, and you can honestly get a similar experience paying less going somewhere else.  But maybe that's because I'm not so much of a buffet snob and any buffet is pretty fun for me.
1	OVERPRICED & OVERRATED food & service is absolutely HORRIBLE..I give it 1 star due to the decor..they sell you the buffet by making it look soo nice on the outside..the food is overheated/ undercooked & all the food that does look decent to eat, they don't put that much out there so then people take it all & then you have to wait until they make it again & bring it out 4 u..SUCKS..YUCK.. BLAH...not WORTH your time/ MONEY.. =/ I would definitely NOT come back...Even the Rio & the Paris Buffet beats this place! =/
2	One word: DiarrheaWhether it was mixing the wide variety of foods they had, the shrimp or the crab legs...there are better buffets down the strip (*cough Bellagio *cough Paris)Dessert was delicious though
5	I would like to start with a small tip: on the weekends, be sure to get in line around 2:30, so you can get into the buffet around 3:00 and you can eat both weekend brunch AND dinner (which starts at 3:30). And you only have to pay lunch price :)My friends and I were staying at the Wynn, so we decided to eat here. We got a discount because we were staying at the Wynn, but the price also wasn't that bad (mid 20's). They told us our group of 8 would have to be separated, but they were able to seat all of us at the same table!! +1 star for them. lolThere was TONS and TONS of food. And not just FOOD, but delicious looking food. For brunch, this included pancakes, waffles, french toast, eggs, eggs benedict, soups, fruit, salad, cheeses, breads, various meats, shrimp, sushi, yogurt and granola cups, cereal, pastas, i could go on forever. Dinner included more meats, pastas, and the MAIN feature, KING CRAB LEGS. Yes, king crab legs!!!!! who serves that at a buffet?!?!?! ahhhh they were SO SOSOSOSO good. Plus, they served them already cut so those of us who have trouble getting the meat out could avoid getting some wounds during our meal :)The dessert section was very cute/delicious-looking as well. Desserts presented in various containers, mousses, cakes, ice cream with toppings, a crepe making station... my only irk was the creme brulee. I love creme brulee and this creme brulee tasted good, but the consistency was all wrong (aka way too liquid-y). But the buffet made up for this with all the other desserts (the oreo mouse cake was delish :D)I would definitely recommend this place to others and I would definitely come back myself. The king crab legs alone made the buffet worth it, but I loved all the other food i tried as well. Definitely one of the better buffets in Vegas :)
5	Outstanding buffet.  Excellent choices of prime rib, lamb short ribs, lamb chops, garlic noodles, pepperoni pizza and excellent deserts!!Ambience was wonderful.......
4	The Wynn brunch buffet is one of the best in Vegas.  Between this and the Bellagio buffet, you can really get your money's worth.  I have only been here for the brunch, but it is always excellent.My only complaints are that the crepes they service are seasonal ( I've been here 4 times and only had the crepes once).  Do not even bother with the candy apple either, unless you A. want to have an emergency dentist visit or B. do not care about your 2 front teeth.  That outer coating is hard as a rock.The best parts of the buffet are the mini waffles and the thick cut bacon, which is almost like a ham.  Salads and dim sum are also excellent.  My friends loved the eggs benedict, but I am not really a fan of them in general so I am not sure.
4	Went here over the weekend for their special Friday/Saturday night dinner menu and there was barely anyone in line.  We normally go to the Bellagio buffet but this time we wanted to try something different.Pros:  The desserts were good, definitely on par with Bellagio.  The prime rib was juicy and the au jus was good.  I'm weird and usually pour the au jus in a sauce bowl to dip my prime rib in instead of pouring it on top.  The rack of lamb was spiced up and a little spicy.  Different than the traditional spices at Bellagio, but good nonetheless.  They also did a lamb t-bone where the first piece was perfectly tender but the second piece was dry.Special Tip:  We like our crab legs hot and they serve it cold here.  I just take the crab legs and shrimp to the grill station and they turn out wonderfully grilled and warm.Cons:  The crepe station was not worth the wait since everything just seemed cobbled together.  Our waitress didn't check on us often.  They only have one place for the king crab legs so there's usually a line.  It seemed like all of the fish dishes were heavily spiced, some to the point where it overwhelmed the fish and that's not good.
5	Prime beef, cocktail shrimp, king crab legs, and other good food is in abundance here. The beef was so soft, juicy and flavored well. They just keep coming out with those crab legs and people keep lining up. One thing I absolutely love is their desserts! OMG! My sweet tooth goes into overload every time I am here. I want a little of everything because everything tastes so good! They have desserts that are common and some not so common (which is a huge plus). I was there recently and they had this mango jelly mini tapioca dessert. Yummy! They also have this hazelnut chocolate kit kat looking dessert that is so decadent. I love the ice cream with cookies (not cookie dough) and just about all their other desserts. This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas. I will definitely come back here again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Very thorough selection with solid quality. It isnt your meal for 1.99 Vegas classic, but you can be sure that you won't be sick after it!A variety of American, Japanese, Mexican, Indian, and everything in between food. The dessert room (yes, a whole room) is large, with fresh ice cream in addition to the pastries and cakes. A large selection of teas if coffee isnt your thing.Lines can be long, but move quickly. Usually a hook up can be acquired if you're staying there and are gambling (as we do).
5	I thought Bellagio Buffet was the best, but now i'm not sure.On a Sunday night, we waited an hour and paid more than $37.  The steak was great, shrimp cocktail was huge, and so were the crab legs.  i liked how they were already sliced and you just had to peel the crab meat out. Also, the best sushi for a buffet.  I'm always cautious about buffet sushi, but the tempura shrimp roll was great.  The soup was good.Their desserts are not up to par with Bellagio or Rio.  Not a big selection, looks like any ordinary dessert station at any buffet.We encountered one problem at the buffet.  There were 4 of us eating, and i guess at one time all four of us left to get food.  I returned back to the table first and it was cleared.  They cleaned it and I was wtf?  but it was all good, and we got our drinks and utensils again.  Despite that, i would return in a second
4	The crab legs were a little watery, but it didn't stop me.  We were also sitting next to a cute couple that were headed to see Cher after dinner.  We could tell that she was dragging her husband to all these shows and all he wanted to do was eat and gamble.We ate here before we saw Jersey Boys at the Palazzo and it was definitely the right choice.
5	I never thought a buffet would leave me wanting more, even when it took 3 hours to walk off my meal.  Steaks, king crab legs, crepes, shrimp cocktail, etc etc.  This buffet goes above and beyond what most buffets do, they give fresh food constantly and always have someone near all of the stations ready to help with any particular requests.  $40 a person but with all of the selection you get, plus you eat until you drop, it is well worth the price.  Especially in Vegas where all meals are expensive.  I think the higher price also keeps the kids away because parents don't want to pay that much for them to eat a couple slices of pizza, plus you dont have to deal with them running around your tables like you would see at your typical $11.95 buffet down in Old Vegas.  Stay Classy Steve Wynn!
3	As far as buffets go, this is better than most...which isn't really saying much since most buffets are pretty nasty. I would give most buffets 1 or 2 stars, whereas this one gets 3.There was a vast selection of different cuisines, so the chances of finding something you like are pretty high. But there was nothing that really knocked my socks off. Guess I was just expecting more from this place.The prime rib was inedible (for my liking) because it was practically raw...I think I saw it move.The crab legs were served really cold & were too salty. I prefer crab to either be warm or at room temperature.So, the two things that I looked forward to the most were a disappointment. I must say though, the desserts were very impressive! The lardass in me would go back just to load up on the desserts. Everything else was edible & no one left hungry that night.On the way out of the buffet, we ran into Vince Neil from Motley Crue. I was so full & it made me laugh so hard that I threw up in my mouth a little.
5	lamb chops!!!!!!
3	Sunday brunch was $30. Pricey but expected from an establishment of this calibre. There's many selections here, so you're bound to find something you like, hopefully. That also means you're going to hit some items that you won't fancy but that's one of the things that a buffet is all about.FYI on some of the items:- The Kansas City ribs blew. They weren't tender and it was cold! - Their N.E. Clam Chowder on the other hand rocked. - Their sushi selection was decent but there's not much.- The mini waffles were awesome! Try different toppings.- The hot coffee is strong- I give the desserts an A for looks but the taste, a C+. Don't waste your time on the madeleines. Failure! - The Chinese congee (porridge) has a lot of toppings but it's really bland so you're probably going to add soy sauce.- They had large shrimp cocktails but no crab legs.- I was too full for the prime rib so I can't help you there.The place is definitely nice, grand, and clean as it should be. It was also pretty full so if you have a big party, be patient. This buffet is decent but personally I like Bellagio's more.
4	This is probably my favorite buffet of the ones I've been to in Vegas.  It's not cheap by any means but the quality of the food you get is excellent.  The staff is friendly and attentive and we always had our drinks full.  What makes them stand out is their ability to do ethnic food well.  I had some of their Indian dishes which were superb.  Their naan was yummy and filling.  But my favorite dish of all was their chicken panang curry which was just as good as any I've had at most Thai restaurants.  Overall, its a great value for the Wynn.  It's even better than some of the other restaurants at the resort (ahem Bartolotta)
4	YUMMM!!I actually thought this place was okay & a bit pricey, but then I went to Rio world buffet and then I realized, Wynn buffet is sooo worth the money! We went to Wynn Buffet right after we got off the plane around 6ish and there wasn't a line at all! I was so surprised,I was expecting to wait at least an hour. I love how everything is set up, looks so classy! Anyways, I ate a lot of food there but what I remember the most is the :Chicken Caesar Salad, it was sooo good! I went back for secondsMashed potatoes, really creamy but not too muchCrab Legs, sooo meaty and fresh, dipped with lemon- delicousUnlimited mimosa for 7 dollars, absolutely great! I've never had mimosa before and the Wynn made it a great first experience. I also had a strawberry, chocolate, whipped cream crepe for dessert but the crepe was so thin! I heard that's how a crepe is suppose to be, but it's just too thin in my opinion. The strawberries weren't even fresh strawberries either. Oh wells, but I'll definitely come back to Wynn buffet next time I go to Vegas!
4	Really nice hotel... the buffet is a little pricey but definitely worth every cent. I loved the hummus and the indian rice with nan
3	Came here because some friends were craving crab legs. Called our Venetian host to see if he could book us somewhere cool in the hotel for crab legs and he only had one answer, Wynn Buffet. So there we went.The wait was pretty long, but in the end it was pretty worth it. The selection looks like a lot, but don't be fooled. Each section is spread out and the serving dishes are spread out quite far as well. The main attractions I thought were the crab legs, seafood soup section, tossed caesar salad section and the meat section. For $40 on a Saturday night, it's pretty decent. Skip the sushi section unless you are from an area that doesn't have decent sushi (must be sad). They have good service here and the dishes and food are replaced all night long. If I wasn't in such a rush to go party I'd probably have tried more. As for all buffets, don't expect too much, but this one is worth the entry fee.
4	I loooved the Wynn buffet!  I had done my research before coming to Vegas and this buffet came highly recommended, so my traveling companion and I went for breakfast on our last day.  The food was tasty and beautiful, and I ate so much that you had to practically roll me out the door...since lunch items were put out before we left, we were able to sample those items as well, which was an added bonus!  Service was great, our drinks were always refilled and plates cleared quickly.  The desserts were so pretty that I almost didn't want to eat them (but then I had 3 plates, so I got over that pretty quickly).
3	I truly believe my eyes were hungrier than my stomach. While my husband and I would be open to trying other buffets the one reason we keep coming back is their king crab legs, already split down the middle for your taking. When you're paying a bit over $80 for two who really wants to work at getting to their food? I sure don't.I swear one of the reasons we came to LV was to defeat the buffets. The Buffet at the Wynn defeated us this time around. I'm still trying to figure out if it's their food options that have slipped somwhat, while plentiful, or if I'm getting older and can't eat like I use to in my late teens-early twenties. Damn.
3	This was a well done buffet... good service, clean, well stocked... but the food was just OK.  Not incredible, but a fun experience.  Definitely go for lunch for the lower cost.
5	this place is so fricking delicious god damn i just want to eat there all the time the entrees are pretty much all solid the desserts make you want to just hit yourself theyre so delicious fuck i want to go back id be fat if i lived in las vegas i swear
4	Wait in long line: checkPay ~$40 to stuff face endlessly: checkThrow up old food from earlier to make room for delicious buffet food: check?Yes.. this is my continuation from my Grand Wok review. My stomach was not feeling hot at all thanks to eating some pork earlier. My friend had a crapload of crab legs, smoked salmon, all that good stuff. Me? I reluctantly sipped on my tomato soup. I wanted the yummy noms! I wanted to fill my plate with different cuisines from all over but all in the same place!So, for one of the few times in my life, I pulled a bulimia act and forced myself to throw up everything in my stomach. I felt crappy to begin with, and dammit I wanted to eat, so I did it.I exited that beautiful bathroom a new woman. I got that stomach bug out and stuffed my face. So good, yet I preferred Bellagio buffet a LOT more. And theirs was half the price of Wynn's!
5	Still freaking awesome and the crab legs are still split in half for you!  I'm a lazy eater!  The desserts also got better.  They serve chocolate milk here too! haha  Glad this place hasn't lowered it's standards like other places.
3	Muffins and pastries and eggs, oh my! The Buffet at the Wynn is quite simply, a force to be reckoned with. Counter after counter of everything you could possibly imagine: granola, yogurt, fruit, pastries, desserts, eggs, bacon, pancakes, waffles, french toast, cereal, omelets, quiche, huevos rancheros, etc. I could go on and on. My particular favorite was the cheese blintzes. Wowee, so good with all the fruit compotes that go along with them. As with most buffet's, I piled my plate high but when I got back to the table, I was only impressed with about a quarter of my plate and thus, forced to forge ahead for another round of try-outs. It's a really fun experience but if you're penny pinching or don't have a great appetite, I'd say it's probably not worth going more than once. For $20 a pop on week days and $30 for weekends, you're money will be best spent at a more affordable venue.
4	I was only able to try the weekend brunch buffet which was about 30 bucksPretty good selection in terms of some higher end stuff like crab cakes, smoked salmon, 5 types of ceviche, and all the standard breakfast stuff. At first glance it looked liked they had a good selection of cheeses but the quality of the cheeses was actually quite disappointingdon't bother with the congee, it's a cool gesture to their legions of chinese gamblers but save room in your stomach for stuff that doesn't cost 3 dollars at a restaurant.dessert was reasonably legit, try the oreo cake, it's the best one
2	Disgusting and completely overpriced.   The wait is extremely long - 45 minutes to 1 hour and the food is mediocre at best.  The Wynn should definitely go back to the drawing board on this one.
3	I liked it. Nice decor and good selections of food. We had 4 buffets comped so it was extra sweet. We had a late lunch, so we were there when the buffet turned over to dinner, which starts at 3:30pm. The meats are good such as tandorri chicken esp. the carving meats like prime rib/rack of lamb. I don't understand why people go crazy over the crab legs and sushi, is it ever good at a buffet...The desert station is nice. Decent service.I agree with Tony B. and Kurt S. the Sterling brunch is better, but it's smaller and it's $100 per. Just like any buffet, some hits and misses. But this is one of the better ones.
4	I go to Vegas at least 5 to 6 times a year for bowling. I was in Vegas this past weekend for sweepers and since I was top for women's, I won quite a bit of money. Since I had money to spend and being that it was Father's Day weekend, I wanted to take my parents out to somewhere nice and somewhere they haven't tried. We ran across Wynn Hotel & Casino and wanted to try something new. The entrance to the buffet is kind of hidden from the main gambling area, but there are signs that are helpful to find it. We arrived around 6:30pm, which we knew it was a little late, but we didn't expect it to take 1 hour to get seated. Once we paid and got to the hostess, we were seated fairly quickly. The waitress that took our drink order was very prompt in refilling and taking our plates from our table. The food was not salty like most buffets that I've been to. The crab legs were seasoned just right. The prime rib was very soft and tender except that it was a little under cooked for me. It was a little more on the rare side and I like my steak medium. It's just preference. Other then the food, the creme brulee was not too thick and had just the right amount of caramelized top. The fruits were fresh as well. I would definitely go back when I win some more money.  ^_~So, if you're going to eat at this place: 1. Arrive Early 2. Bring lots of money because it was like $38.90 per person 3. Make sure you make room in the tummy for some yummy
4	Sweet baby Jesus! This buffet used to be the best in my book, now I think it has lost it's rank. For a Sat night we stood 1.5 hours in line to get in. The food was good but seemed like they had limited the helpings. Their menu changes but I stuck with the lamb lollipops, sole fish, sweet and sour shrimp and the coconut curry sea bass. Those were amazing. The desserts were amazing as well as always. I just felt there wasn't enough choices this time around. I might have to try the sterling brunch next trip to see if that's my 5 star buffet.
4	One of my favorite buffets here. It's a bit pricey, but it is a 5 star hotel so it's expected. I don't complain because I always eat so much that I get my money's worth! On weekends I come here and all I eat are king snow crab legs, prime rib, and dessert. They have a huge variety of foods and it's always hot and fresh. I've been here several times for lunch and dinner and I've never had a complaint. I love sitting in the hallway with its lighted glass ceiling and fresh flowers lining the sides.
5	Went to eat at the Wynn Buffet and it was worth the 40-minute wait. Then we joined the Encore's Red Club, played slots and blackjack, won $475 and got comped two free buffets. We pleaded with the player's club rep and he gave us two VIP front of the line tickets. I haven't felt this happy about skipping a line since I got a Magic Express pass at the Magic Kingdom!  Is it worth the wait anyway? Absolutely yes! I greedily piled on the King Crab legs and peeled shrimp. Talk about being treated right: good-sized shrimp and they even split the crab legs so you don't have to wrestle with the poor creatures. One surprise--no drawn butter.We sat both times in the nice courtyard by the entrance. More peaceful than in the main rooms, although there is the guilt factor of being able to see the hungry people waiting in line. Other advantage is that we had to walk past the desserts on the way back to the table, so we grabbed something each time we passed. Formula for success: Eat a course, eat desserts, repeat! And what yummy desserts, better than any other Vegas buffet. Was it perfect? No, but pretty close for a buffet. Staff was attentive and friendly. List of foods and desserts we liked would be too long to describe here. Highlights for us? Mushroom soup, grilled flank steak, bread pudding, creme brulee, tiramisu, and on and on.What didn't I like? On the first visit for brunch, seemed like food could have been hotter. Char siu bao (steamed pork buns) had very little meat and very little flavor.  Tried the prime rib carving. Yuck! Way too much fat and no meat. Would definitely go again. Would really liked to be comped again. Would really like to win $475 again.
4	Hunger hit me.... and the Wynn was there. Didn't get to sit with the rest of my party, because i was late to rise in the morning, so that sucked... but the food was chill. Too much to choose from, as always at a buffet, but still good food to help your hangover headache. and they didn't over cook the white rice... major plus. Oh! and the eggs benedict ham thingy was uber delish! Pretty atmosphere too.
4	Had lunch here on a weekday.  There was a little bit of a wait for us to get a table but that is already.  I like how the place was set up.  The buffet is in one corner and the tables are in separate sections.  So you're not looking at the buffet while you eat.  I feel that it was a more intimate setting.  You don't have people constantly walking by you to get food while you eat.  The service was great.  The food was a good variety for lunch.  The desserts were yum!  The ice cream is really good.
2	I had high expectations stepping into the buffet line. It's the "Wynn buffet" you really can't expect any less right? Food: By far the most disappointing part of the meal. There is quite a bit of variety but not as much as the other big named buffets in Vegas. The food was surprisingly disappointing...I tried every fish dish they had to offer (totaling 5) and only enjoyed one of them. The crab legs were not fresh. The sushi was made incorrectly (rice was a mush texture). The lamb dishes were okay. The prime rib was decent but heck how can you really mess that up?  Service: Well its a buffet so you wouldn't really expect much service. The waitress took quite a while to get us drinks. She was just not that friendly overall.Environment: This place looks like a $50 per head restaurant. And maybe that's why I expected much more than they provided. The design ranging from plating in the buffet line to table decor is probably the best I've seen at a buffet. Price: Expect to spend around $40 for dinner. My recommendation? Take that $40 and eat somewhere with solidly decent food. If not make a quick cab ride to the Rio buffet. Food: 2Service: 3Environment: 4Price: 2
2	2 stars and five words: GO TO THE BELLAGIO INSTEAD
2	This review is based on the buffet lunch on 7/1/2009 at about 12:45 PM.  The food there could have been better overall.  The sushi was barely something memorable or more likely something one would like to forget entirely because of how mushy the rice was.  The smoked salmon was ok, but tasted way better elsewhere.  The chicken tandori was a pretty bad imitation of Indian food gone bad, since the flavor of the tandori yogurt never got past the skin of the chicken at all.  The roast beef was not as good as the lunch buffet Rio at this hour since the taste was as bland as the chicken tandori.  The beef brisket sliders composed mostly of fat with a overly oily piece of onion ring that hints at the awful tasted disguised in elegant preparation.  The BBQ Roast pork bun was a sorry excuse for Chinese cuisine because of how dry the inside of the bun was.  But the buffet did have its highlights.  The Raspberry Mango pudding was good and presentation was very good,  the tapioca mango lychee pudding was also great like a 5 start taste and preparation.  The Madelines were also fluffy and perfect.  The Eggs Benedict was medium to better then average, but local dinners would have fresher tasting Eggs Benedict with the yolk more fluid instead of already solid.  Overall if you can avoid the buffet for lunch time it would be a good idea.  For the price, it is not worth you money.  Bring your business somewhere else like the Mirage.  if anybody has had a dinner experience at this buffet please post the menu items and the highlights as well as what to avoid.  Thanks.
2	Went for lunch and was extremely disappointed.  Good:-Flank steak - juicy and tasty.-Mashed potatoes - so soft and creamy with little bits of fried onion to give it texture. -ICE CREAM - lemon yogurt and caramola are to die for.  Skip the meal, eat the dessert.Bad:-Practically all the other meat dishes were dry.   The lamb tasted like... lamb, which is gross.  Lamb should never taste like lamb.-Anything Asian was terrible.  Well, the potstickers were passable, but nothing special.  The pork buns were awful.  The miso udon was mush.If I want to be stuck eating two dishes + dessert, I will go to Hometown Buffet and pay half the price, thank you very much.
5	By far the finest buffet I've ever been to. The selection of foods was amazing, the crab legs, the prime rib, the seafood, the desserts, and the quality of the food was much higher than your average buffet standard. It took about three days of continuous visits for me to get bored with it (it seems you can be bored even with the best), but I would certainly go back now. The service was also very good.The Bellagio buffet, although not bad, seemed cheap and lacking when compared to the Wynn.
5	went to Vegas in March and had buffet for most nights... I gotta say that I'm glad I save this for the last day... the food here is amazing, and the selection is endless... if i went here on the first night, i would have been complaining / bitching about how other buffets suck and all that...it might be $40, but it's totally worth the value... the king crab legs for instance, have no more shells, it's all removed for you... the same for the cocktail shrimps... but what really caught my attention is the make your own pasta section, the chef there was super nice and extremely friendly, it beats TI's bar by a mile (and that's being generous)...i also like their salmon and their huge variety of desserts... almost wanna spend another night just to have the buffet again
3	I have eaten at this buffet twice and the first time I thought it was really good. Their food was pretty decent and their were at least 2 or 3 dishes that I found delicious. The second time around I just thought all the food was pretty mediocre and I really didn't think there was one dish that I truly enjoyed. I felt that there is not much variety and for the price of the buffet ($40) it is not worth it. I would rather go to the Rio World Buffet, pay less money and eat a larger variety of mediocre food.
4	i mentioned in my bellagio bufffet review that i like the wynn buffet better.  the wynn buffet doesnt have as much variety but has better presentation and more innovation with their food.  if you compare the same food at both places i think wynn buffet definetly does it better.the line was long as usual.  we waited about an hour for sunday brunch buffet.  they had this strawberries california that i really liked.  simple - strawberries, bananas, yogurt, a bit of mint.  they also seem to have different fares like mexican and chinese.  huevos rancheros, dim sum, porridge.
3	Went here with my mom and my aunt to eat dinner after our gambling round. I heard from a lot of my friends that this place was good, and i wanted to try it. We've been to other buffet around vegas before, like the one in rio and excalibur (i was too small back then to remember or review so next time) but yeah so this would be my first vegas buffet review.So for dinner on a wednesday was 35 dollars per person. They had different types of food like asian, italian, indian, american, and DESSERT! The asian selection was eh...nothing special, the italian section was pretty cool cuz there's this guy there that could cook your food or you can just grab the ones that are already cooked on the side. The indian selection had hummus and some pita bread i think and curry salmon i think (soo good), Mash potato were awesome and some random meat and game. They had this pork slice which i liked but i didn't want to try other meats because some of them were really red. They had cool salad selections in a cup or you can make your own which was awesome!Oh the crab legs or lobster legs or something were okay, they were cold though....i usually like them hot but my mom said only asian buffet serve the legs hot. DARN! But the ultimate winner for me was the dessert area. OMG did i get every freaken thing in the area...well not everything but i think 70% lol. I had the tiramasu, the cookie and cream cake, the chocolate cake, the crepes (they make it for you!), Ice cream, cream brule? i think i spelled it wrong and tapioca pudding...i can't even remember them all but i brought every item to the table for my mom and my aunt and of course myself to eat off.Yeah so the story.....buffett okay, wish they had more food (maybe it's just the weekday?) but the dessert won me over for a three star
3	My boyfriend and I came here and waited in line for about an hour after he had just won a free dinner for 2 from the casino.Now let me tell you..this place is definitely worth the wait. As for the $50 price tag? Not so much, unless you really really love crab legs. I'd come here again if I got another free dinner or if someone I knew wanted to eat at a buffet in Vegas. (I generally really don't like buffets..not at all actually.)This is definitely one of the better buffets in Vegas. As far as how it compares to the Bellagio, I'd say that the Bellagio definitely has more to choose from, but the Wynn is very original and creative. You get more bang for your buck at the Bellagio.Let's see if I can remember what I ate..crab legs. Well, of course they were frozen, but they did a good job at hiding the frozen taste. Some type of lobster pasta..OH MY JESUS, this was the most awesome pasta I've ever ever ever had. Their lobster bit was ok, pretty plain. I also had 3 different salads, all of which were excellent. I had a few other dishes don't remember what..but dessert was all whatever. Okay I guess, nothing really memorable. Creme brulee, not so great. They put too much sugar on top. (I tried 3 different batches of it because I was convinced that the next batch would be better..and it wasn't. They just want you to have diabetes!)So yeah, basically, if you can eat a lot and you don't mind spending a little bit ore money than usual, come on in. This place isn't bad at what they do.
4	Added feature!  Crepe station with every kind of filling you could think of, sensational.  I was also in lust of the cioppino, had to have 2 servings.  This place is pricey $75 for 2 for dinner but definitely worth the steep price for all the awesome choices.
4	Friday morning of our Vegas trip.  It was 11:15.  We figured by the time we get to the front of the line, it'll be lunch time.  The line slowly moved, but we eventually got to the front of the line.  Lunch was $24.95.  Or something like that.The central dining area is brightly lit by a huge skylight and the faux fantasy forest provided a stepping stone for the imagination.Typical buffet set up with various stations offering a variety of dishes and cuisines.  The prime rib was good, as was their fried rice, leg of lamb, the gyozas were decent.  The had other items such as pizzas and pastas, sushi, other Asian dishes, a salad bar, and a few other things.I would have to say the star was the dessert station.  They had at least 12 different desserts, all in small, 2-3 bite servings but they all looked so delicious I wish I could've had them all!  Oh, they also had gelato, with as many toppings and syrups as you want.  I didn't get any gelato but I had a bite of my friend's coffee gelato and it was REALLY strong.  The only thing that irked was one of the ladies didn't know who the executive pastry chef of the hotel was when I asked her.  I later had to google it, finding out that is it none other than the awesome Frederic Robert.Our server could've been a lot better.  She wasn't around much and we constantly had to flag her down for refills on our beverages.  One of the busboys was doing a better job than she was.I would definitely have to say this compares to the Bellagio Buffet (review to come)
2	I came for Sunday brunch.  Nothing stood out.  Food was for the most part over-cooked and not memorable.  Dessert section is ok.  Definitely not worth the price and there are so many better  buffets in Vegas.  Will not be coming back.
3	One of my friends swears the Wynn brunch is the best brunch buffet in Vegas, but after my most recent visit I'm not sure. I didn't even pay this second time, so you know this review is legitimately about the food/experience, haha...The dining area is decorated like the rest of the Wynn with this sculpted topiary and fruit theme... I like that the its spacious and sectioned off. The skylights make it really nice, too.As for the food, I get that they have a great selection but I don't think it's any better than most other Vegas buffets. Sure it's classy, and you do get fancy things like eggs benedict and even beef au jus in the early morning... but how it's absolutely amazing is beyond me.I'll give them one thing-- their dessert section is awesome. I love the freshly made crepes and the gelato... I think the Rio's gelato is comparable though. Of the buffets I've experienced in Vegas it *does* rate up higher for me, but that's because I've been to a lot of those cheap-o ones. When I'm paying, it's a 3-star place, sorry kids.Crepes FTW(ynn)... worth at least one visit, no need to come back again and again for brunch. Though dinner could be another story-- I'll let you know.
5	We got off the plane and dropped our bags off at the hotel and the first thing we did was hit up the Wynn Buffet.  We hate buffets but love the Wynn.  So many great choices with out all of the hillbillies touching everything.  I was only able to fill up 2.5 plates of food but that is still alot for me.  Highlights were....spicy tuna handrolls, carribean ceviche, bbq pork sliders, and of course all of the desserts.We went for lunch and it seemed cheaper then the last time we were in Vegas.  Price may seem high to some but the quality of food is way better then anything you'll find at any of the competing buffets.
2	The Wynn buffet came highly recommended, so after a special night out at La Reve the bf and I strolled over for a late night buffet.  The line was extremely long at 10:00 PM so we figured this had to  be good.  The moment finally arrived 1 hour later.  We paid the $75.00 total and followed the hostess to a dining section that had a bit of a circus feel.  There were screaming kids running around everywhere.  I realize this is a buffet, but this should've been my que to run for the door!  Again, we took the high road and decided to make the best of it...after all this was the Wynn so of course the food would be worth it.  I am very disappointed to report that the food was not good, definitely not worth $75.00.  Now I will be honest, I don't really like buffet's, but the bf loves them, so of course I had to compromise.  Even he was disappointed in the food.  The deserts look appetizing, however, in my opinion the best food selection was the fake Pho.  I've heard the seafood buffet at Rio and brunch buffet at Bellagio are far better than at the Wynn.  I will not be returning to the Wynn buffet.
4	Listen, you know what's at a buffet.. Really, you do.. You've been to one, then you've been to about 99% of them around Vegas.. The only real difference that separates a good buffet from a bad one is no longer choice or selection size.. but the supreme factor: quality..And my friends, The Buffet at The Wynn is definitely fighting for the top dog spot..Just go, it'll be worth every penny spent..Recommendations: Go around 3pm, so you can get in for the lunch buffet prices.. you'll end up getting the dinner selection because around 3:30pm they make the switch seamlessly.Warnings: The wait will likely be long, so don't get assed out.. go earlyP.S. 100th Review! Hooray, no one cares haha
4	2 words: CRAB LEGS!!!!By far, my favorite buffet in Las Vegas. They provide such a wide range of various ethnic cuisines (Chinese, Thai, Italian, Indian, Mexican, Japanese), so you just can't go wrong here. The prime rib and the braised pork shoulder never fails. But I must say, everyone comes here for the crab legs. HUUUUUGE Alaskan crab legs cracked open for your convenience, so all you have to do is peel and grub. I always come back to the table with a mountain-high pile and devour every last piece. Definitely a treat for the die-hard seafood lovers out there.The dessert at the Wynn buffet is only mediocre. The homemade ice cream is ridiculously sweet and the creme brulee is usually a custard syrup, but since you have quite a few selections to choose from, I'm sure you'll find something you'll enjoy.GET HERE EARLY! If you arrive any time after 6pm, be ready for a 60-90 minute wait. But I promise you, it's worth it.
4	I really like this buffet and went there during breakfast/lunch, so we ended up paying the breakfast prices for lunch.  Anyways they had a huge selection for food I thought.  The breakfast food was okay. They have an omelette station, but took forever though a huge line like 30 minutes to get it, but they have only one chef, but that chef does four omelettes at a time.   It was okay though I think I am spoiled by the omelettes at where I stay at.  Okay hmm what i else, I was a little disapointed by lunch.  My prime rib and meat were dry.  I give it three stars on that.  Hmm I like the salad selection as well.  Hmm they did have some bbq which was okay and some interesting thai soup which was spicy and decent.so why the four stars, the desserts made up in everything. I definitely pigged out on that one.  I like the caramel, cream puffs, ice cream and yum yum yum yum that is all I got to say. I like the mint cakes as well.
3	It greatly saddens me to only give the buffet @ the wynn only 3 stars but people MUST know the truth of what it turned out to be...I've been coming here about 2-3 times a year, ever since it opened, and if I yelped about it anytime before the last time-- I would've given it 4 to 5 stars.  But I went couple of weeks ago, and must say it was a true disappointment.  Just a year ago, I waited in the line for 2 hours to pay about $50 for this buffet and come back out saying it was well worth it.  The last time I went, I was very surprised that the line was very short.  We waited about 15 minutes AND the price went down to just about $35. But once we were seated and go to eat, I knew there was a reason why the line was short and why the price went down. By the time the 2nd plate came around, I had no more to eat.  Everyone was disappointed and we wondered where all the food went?True, the buffet is obviously not your average Home Town Buffet, but from what it was before, it was very disappointing.  Still, from the few selection that they have, the quality is still superb, and they still offer cut open crab legs.  But if you're going for the crab, I suggest going to a buffet that specializes in seafood of some sort (because the crab is kind of fishy... even when it was a really "good" buffet).
4	I really like this buffet because it had good quality food.  there wasn't as much of a selection compared to places like crave at mirage, but the food all tasted great for me.  I think the buffet here is also at a good price around 18 bucks for lunch and 23 bucks for dinner(more expensive on weekends).  Things that i like: Prime rib, pasta, bacon, mongolian beef, crab legs, etc.  Check it out, its the best buffet on the strip hands down.
4	My favorite buffet on the Strip in Vegas.  I like this one more then Bellagio's. There is a very good variety and best time to go is a weekday afternoon for lunch for the best pricing.  Includes non alcholic beverages too.  The dessert bar is incredable.  Not recommended for kids since it's very expensive for them.
4	I consider this the best buffet in terms of quality. Everything is fresh and every item tastes good. They are not as ambitious as Bellagio, so don't expect as much variety or as many of the fancier dishes. The king crab legs here are the best I've had at a buffet. Desserts are also amazing. I don't know if it just isn't as popular or if they have a lot of seating, but the line, even when really long, seems to move faster than at other places. Service has been somewhat bad on each visit though. The first time we came around closing so I overlooked it, but I've had mediocre service the past few trips as well.
4	We decided to make this our "special dinner" on our last full day in Vegas.  It was pretty pricey, but we knew that going in...and were ready for it!  We went at the end of lunch so we could pay lunch price but stay and get the dinner food (crab legs!!!!) as well as lunch.  Pretty sneaky, I know!  ha  It was over a year ago that I went, so I don't really remember all the details of the foods we had, but all I know is that when we left...we were full and happy!
4	I'm actually not a fan of Buffets.  Especially in Vegas.However, this one was probably one of the 'nguyenners' of the bunch.The Crabs were freaking awesome.  Many mountainous platters of foods to choose from.  Not Bad at all.  I recommend you go there roughly 30-45 mins before dinner rolls around, so you can pay the lunch price to eat both the lunch and dinner menus. EVERYBODY WYNNS! hooray
4	We were here for dinner, it was slightly under $40. Bellagio is better but this is pretty close. The best thing about this place is the dessert, they had sugar free dessert that were good. Also they had a very good gelato selection. The people who work there were really nice. The food was good, had a lot of different meats and seafood. Sushi and anything else you can imagine. I liked bellagio more. Really nice staff, really friendly, and really clean. Nice buffett but not the best.
4	Yes, I'm in love with this buffet. There's nothing better than feeling absolutely full when you're surrounded by such a rich atmosphere (haha!). Why'd it get knocked down to four stars? 2 reasons: #1 This isn't your everyday buffet - make sure you save up because it is mighty pricey! But use the frequent buffet-goers tip: come in toward the end of lunch time (=lunch prices) and stay until dinner is served (=more awesome dinner food). #2 The line was long! I was already starving when I got into line and more than a half an hour later, even hungrier!Try a little bit of everything because I did and it was ALL awesome! Then go back for seconds of what you really liked. Then when you're already full, hit the deserts which put you over the top. Oh, the deserts - their presentation is absolutely amazing and makes you want to grab one of each cake, pie, mousse, cookie, sorbet, gelatin, and any other nifty little desert they had out. I wouldn't suggest grabbing one of each though, unless you want diabetes from one meal. It's been a few months since I went, so I can't quite remember everything, but a few things that stand out in my memory are:- a curry station. i think that's what it was. we got to choose the vegetables, the meat, etc and they cook it for you. it turned out really really good!- salads in a cup. they had small portioned prepared salads of different variety - all looked really good! the one i got was good good good!- and their desert bar/room/area thing. oh yea, i already mentioned that one.The ambiance is very clean and upscale. What did I say, you get what you pay for. The only thing that bothered me was the couple next to us. Only the man would get up and get food while the girl just sat there like a princess. Hmmm, guess it was her loss cause she didn't explore the buffet herself!!
4	Good stuff.  I think this place is better than Bellagio's.  Well, okay maybe not better, but very comparable.  They have lots of fresh crab legs and lots of other good choices.  Great service and delicious food!
4	Came here right after checking in at our hotel on a Saturday. We got in at 2:30pm and there wasn't a line at all.  First, the surroundings. This place is beautiful. It is bright, airy and features lots of flowers, fruits (yes they decorate with fruits) and greens. It feels like you're dining in a garden.Now the food- there was so much variety! A good way to start would be to survey all the food first so you can focus on the items that you like the most.  The items I enjoyed the most were the fresh salads (lots of variety from fruit, veggie, to seafood), all the seafood dishes, but especially the tuna poke and squid salad. The meat dishes were not bad, but nothing really stood out either.  The desserts were plentiful and beautifully presented.  The way to go is to get a big plate with a bit of everything to sample.  We stayed until close to 4pm and by then the dinner dishes started to show up. I would recommend to try this place at east once.
4	I came here with exrtremely high expectations of the place. My sister ranted and raved about it. We waited about 30 mins in line for the Sunday Champagne Brunch.We were seated and quickly went to the buffet to check out what they had. I was a bit dissapointed. I was expecting a better selection of shellfish. But I do have to say their sushi, crab legs, shrimp and lox, were all extremely fresh. The mimosas we're constantly being refilled which was great because come on this is Vegas, your first drink ever morning has to have alcohol in it.I'm pretty sure if this place hadn't been hyped up for me I would have given it 5 stars.
4	More like 3.75 becauce, although the food was ok-good, there wasn't really anything that wowed.  We came for brunch and it was around 40 bucks so it wasn't too bad I guess.  The line was super long to get in or at least pay so that was junk.  As for the food, some of the memorable dishes were the bbq brisket on some kind of toast and the bbq pork tenderloin on a poppy seed bun.  As for the dessert, there is a huge selectiong with an ice cream bar, bread pudding, and various pastries.  Out of the desserts I liked the key lime pie and bread pudding.  Overall it was good but I don't think id want to dish out $40 for brunch.
4	The weekend of July 17-19 marked my first official 21+ weekend in Vegas. After soliciting many tips and recommendations from friends, my first stop after checking in at our hotel (TI) was the Wynn for its buffet! I highly recommend going during a transition period (i.e. late breakfast/early lunch or late lunch/early dinner) - you pay the cheaper rate and get twice as much variety. The Wynn staff do a fabulous transition from one meal to the next. They treat their food with respect and dignity. Everything was beautifully presented and prepared. I went at 10:30a.m. on a Friday morning - not too busy and caught the Brunch menu. Favorites: + mini waffles w/ a fresh array of berries+ cheese blintzes+ smoked salmon (two ways) w/ chopped tomato & capers+ hash browns+ chocolate & coffee ice cream + hazelnut crunch cake Could have lived without the...- California rolls - the rice was so wet it might as well have been paste- Mango mousse- Pork sliders - the meat was good, but the bun was tasteless and the sauce too sugary - mini Italian empanada looking things - filling was mush, but the pastry was goodAtmosphere: whimsical & not so crowded (BIG PLUS)Cost: $20 for breakfastOverall: The Wynn Buffet is a winner! Next time I'll call the lunch/dinner!
3	Despite the bigger selection, I still think the Bellagio buffet trumps this one. I love the dessert selection, and the prime rib is always tasty. However, as a meat lover, I feel that the Bellagio satisfies me a little better.
5	It gives Bellagio Buffet a run for its money.  I had easter brunch here once and it was awesome.  The set up is light and airy.  You have to know that there is a good chance you will wait in a garguantuan snail moving line and that you will pay more for the buffet than any other strip hotel, but hey people, its the Wynn and the food is freaking good too.  Everyone should try it once.
3	Meh. I was underwhelmed by it all.  The spread looks amazing during your first pass of the buffet and then once you try a bit of everything, there are only a couple of dishes worth going back for.  The crab legs/shrimp section was a bit of a hot mess too with a line of people suspiciously eyeing anyone they thought might be trying to cut.  A carafe of warmed butter for your crab legs? Oh my!  Although the crab legs were huge and pre-split, which I love, the meat was very wet and tasted like it had just been defronsted, which is yucky.  Unless you can eat your worth in crab legs/shrimp, I don't know that it's worth coming here.  It may be a better bet to try a normal restaurant.
4	I couldn't walk afterward - seriously wanted one of those motorized carts to take me back to my room :)There were a lot of cooked fish dishes that were pretty good - not the 5 Star quality one would expect, but definitely better than most buffets. I really liked the Tandoori fish and I usually do not like Tandoori too much. There are ample crab legs and as much prime rib as you could hope for. They also have sushi (skipped it as it looked pretty standard), hummus, babaganoush, a variety of salads for the vegetarians, pasta, soups, and amazing dessert. I liked the creme brulee and the lychee pudding the best. I wish they had sashimi - that would have been excellent. Overall, I think the $37 price was well worth it. The variety and quality can't be beat (although I love the Bellagio buffet too). Get there early as I hear the line can get pretty long - 2 hours +. Luckily, we were there on a Tuesday night around 6 and only had a 10 minute wait.
4	Been to this buffet a few times and I am never disappointed in the great variety of food and how good it is. I had the prime rib, sushi, spicy tuna hand roll, crab, pizza, bacon, everything! It is so good and worth it. It was about $35 a person but it is very very good after a long day of drinking the night before haha. There aren't many vegetarian options for my girlfriend though... I felt kind of bad. So just be warned.
3	The Wynn is beautiful inside and outside. The buffet looked great and overall is a good deal for $24. *MAJOR TIP: Lunch ends at 3:30 but they start the dinner at 3:30.                        You can pay for lunch and sample some of the dinner                         as well.*TIP:               More seafood was available at dinner time but at the                  same time more vegetarian stuff was available at dinner too.* TIP: No alcohol provided for free. Only soft drinks but for additional $7 you can get unlimited bloody mary and champegenge and wine. I wish I had done that.For vegetarians like me the Wynn buffet is A.Ok. Even if the quantity was less I wish the quality would have made up for it but not really. I would try another buffet next time and not go back here. But, the desserts were good and a great selection was available. There are A LOT of meat done in different ways for all you carnivores and the decor was done very well.
4	Wow I ate a lot of food here! The spread was a step up from a typical buffet, and the taste of it all was significantly better than any buffet I've ever had! The girls got brunch with champagne for $37 and the guys skipped the champagne so theirs was $30. A bit steep for a buffet but definitely worth it! Sadly we only had two mimosas each because we were so busy eating, if I were to do it again I'd make sure I was getting my drink on at a faster pace!The whole food area was well organized and lines were non-existent, though the line to get in took about half an hour to get through. The decor of the place was also quite amusing, I felt like we were stepping into "Alice in Wonderland"The best part of this buffet was probably the desert  area. OMG I walked by for an initial scan, mouth open and watering, and then realized there was another side with just as much tasty goodness to ingest. The gelato was a really nice addition, I'd never seen that at a buffet before! Yum yum yummmm!
4	Buffets are dangerous for me.....that's why I don't usually do them as much.  Variety is good, but temptation is a killer!  I tried to keep my pace at Wynn.  Since salad would be a waste of my time and pasta takes up a lot of space, I went for the sushi and seafood area first.  This is the area that would usually make it or break it for me at buffets.  The freshness of the salmon and poke tuna made it!  The spicy tuna mini handrolls made it for me too!  But the selection at the seafood station seemed to be limited.  I expected more dishes.       My omelet was made quick to perfection.  The thin crust pizzas impressed me!  At the carving station, it was all about the pepper crusted bacon!  Prime rib was average.  The desserts were not only plentiful, but also were nice to look at.  I think I got too full too quick because of the drinks.  Paying VIP is well worth the price considering the bottomless mimosas and sangrias.....and a shorter line!
5	this place is great'' I would highly recomend this buffet to everyone who go to vegas. first thing was the pizza it was good and big.second was the pasta tortaini with the alfrado sasue.third was the sushi it was small but it was good and last but not least the dessert was awsome the puding was nice and creamy and the fruit was fruity and the chessecake was magnificent  everything in the buffet was good.
4	Good!!
4	i'm pretty sure i can now be called "crab queen." given that i ate my weight's worth of crab legs during this meal. i was completely satisfied. part of the reason i wanted to go to vegas was for the buffets with crab legs. yes, i'm serious. i don't really remember the buffet all that well but it was pretty decent. nothing stood out in my mind as outstanding. i thought the sangria wasn't that great but that's just me.
3	If you've got $42 to blow on dinner, you can get a really nice meal at many of the good sit-down restaurants on the strip. If you're interested in eating as much food as possible, then I guess this buffet is for you. The garden style decorations are cool, but you can look at them from the outside and not pay a dime. Anyway, I guess I don't have any specific complaints about the food, but buffets are never as good as meals cooked to order.
1	Iafter reading many good reviews I decided to try this buffet and I was completely dissapointed. Not only was the buffet particularly small but the food was mediocre at best. The crab legs and prime rib were the two best. The rest tasted like it was sitting for a long time. The waitress was very nice. It wasn't until after I was finished eating that my stomach felt the disaster which I had bestowed apon it. The food made me sick for hours and judging by the condition of the toilet I went into the person behind me agreed. Very over priced fr what you get. Take a walk around the hotel but skip the buffet and go to the one at ballagio for 10 bucks cheaper and food that won't make you sick.
4	4 stars for a buffet.  A great buffet with endless options.
5	This place is not for the faint of heart. In fact, if you cannot eat 5 full plates of all your favorite foods don't even bother. Not that it wouldn't be worth it, but I would be sad to see someone not live life to it's fullest. Honestly, I can't even remember what the place looks like. The food coma was too powerful. My friends and I went there during lunch and stayed in the restaurant as they changed the food for dinner. So we ate dinner there too. Yeah, I know, great idea right? Fillet Mignon medallions, beef wellington balls, sushi, king crab legs, a slew of pastas, Korean bbq beef and chicken, several types of pizza, grilled meats, fried meats, rotisserie meats, veggies galore. Pretty much everything you have ever had all in once place. And you know what the best part is? Unlike almost every other buffet, its not quantity over quality. Pretty much everything there is above average flavor, texture, and presentation. Another thing, contrary to popular belief, do not starve yourself before you go there. You wont eat as much. Have something light and small like cereal in the morning, that will help stretch out the stomach for later.
4	Hands down the best buffet on the strip.  The Wynn has an excellent selection of, well, practically anything you would crave.  The fact that they have their own dessert room certainly doesn't hurt.  The prime rib was great as was the king crab (don't complain that it's soggy please- for the love of God, it arrives frozen).  The lamb was over cooked, but I was happy just to see it.  Crunchy green beans and asparagus?  Are you kidding me?  I guess so.  Pasta bar as and all the usual stuff.  Definitely worth the $45.  Go nom already.(Disclaimer: special rating is to apply here- buffets are not four stars for me, but in "buffet world" it demands four stars.)
5	For $42.95 you can taste a piece of heaven. I wish I could pay $21.50 and eat half of the menu one meal and half for another meal. It's so good that you can't stop eating and you get full quickly. Where do I start, well one things for sure, I've never had any salad, bread, pizza, simple pastas or rice fillers here.Beef brisket - 5 stars! Amazingly tender, melt off the plate brisket topped with tangy bbq sauce that is just absolutely fantastic.Prime rib - a bit too rare for my taste, but it's high quality and perfectly juicy.. not some cheap substituion 4 starCeviche - they have literally 5 finds, squid, mango glazed octopus, apple and other sauce soaked halibut, and some other ones I can't even remember. I just pour it onto my plate and gobble it up in a mix.Cornish game hen - I believe it's adobe glazed and fantasticly soft 5.5 stars if possibleBacon chipotle pasta - I try not to eat carbs here, but it was really, really goodCoconut curry/mustard (some yellow sauce) sea bass - sea bass is expensive and oh so soft and melt in your mouth, amazingapple glazed salmon - not bad, not amazing though, stick with the sea bassI don't care for Alaskan king crab legs (they're HUGE) or sushi, but all my friends got plate loads of this.I've gotten a bunch of other things too, but I was too busy eating I couldn't quite remember it all.For dessert, you MUST get the creme brulee.. it's so perfectly crispy on top and soft sweetness on the bottom. The cheesecake is also 5 stars. The rest, I wouldn't know as I got 2 creme brulee's and 3 cheesecakes ha. Yes, I gained 5 pounds. Oh by the way, for your personal safety please don't eat like I do an hour before clubbing. It's not a smart mix and will leave you feeling queezy.
4	This really was an excellent buffet.  There are so many good things to eat that it would take forever to list them, so I'll list the reasons they didn't get a fifth star.The prime rib was cooked well and very tender, but completely without flavor.  The glazed red snapper was unbelievably fishy, the coconut curry fish was a great concept, but execution left a little to be desired (there were hints of great flavor, but only hints).I will say that I had what might have been the best dessert of my life here.  It was simple, but perfectly made and I highly recommend trying it:  The mint chocolate mousse.  The texture was perfect, the amount of mint was perfect, and the chocolate complimented the mousse perfectly.  The other desserts were pretty good.  The madelines were too spongy and not very flavorful, crepe station didn't have Nutella (or plain banana), a staple in any self-respecting place that makes them as dessert.
5	the first day (Sat.) we went to Wynn, it was packed...the has VIP access but it will cost 10 more dollars....i don't know if i am that hungry....so we came back on Sunday...we got our seat in 15 min. one word-AMAZING! wonderful seletions, it was so many, it took a long time to come back to my table...a great selection of dessert. i will come back next time i am in town for sho!!!!
4	YUM YUM YUM YUM! (Yes, 4 yum's)We came here for Saturday brunch and we got the VIP package which included unlimited champagne, bloody mary, and sangria. The wait was at least 30-40 minutes long but we only waited 5-10 minutes because we purchased the VIP package. Brunch was over $100 for the both of us but we didn't want to wait.I loved the huge selection of delicious food. There was typical breakfast food (eggs, french toast, bacon, etc.) and your not so typical breakfast food (sushi, prime rib, shrimp, etc.) Of course not everything I ate was amazingly delicious but I got to taste a bit of everything and just stick with what I like.
4	Was here most recently during 4th of July weekend.  I think the Wynn buffet is one of the best in Vegas, up there w/Bellagio.  Like most LV buffets, there is plenty of variety (Italian, American, Asian, seafood) something for everyone.  It's somewhat pricey, but if you are into buffets then you'll probably like this one.The pasta dishes were pretty good, though I tend to stay away from such dishes at buffets.  The prime rib was good, not dry, and the medium rare piece i requested was actually medium rare!  They also served rack of lamb, beef tenderloin, fried chicken, and other meat dishes as well.  The dinner menu includes crab legs, and the line gets long once the legs are brought out.  Besides the crab legs they have sushi (avg at best), various fish dishes, prawns and cocktail shrimp.  Except for the sushi, all the seafood mentioned above were good.  Don't even need the butter for the crab legs.  I also liked the beef ribs, very flavorful, tender, falls-right-off-the-bone goodness.The dessert area also has a nice variety:  creme brulee, candy apples, an ice cream bar w/various flavors and toppings, pastries, cookies, fruit, various slices of cakes and pies.
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 12 of many reviewsHungry hungry YELPERS!!!!The morning after.... scratch that, the mid afternoon after another gathering of prominent SBC outside the Wynn, the likes of which has not been seen outside of the 408. Walter had arrived earlier to better partake of the endless sangria and mimosas (I think it cost $8 for that add on). As we rolled up to the arches leading to the line for this roller coaster ride into gastronomy we were greeted with other hungry faces, pleather clad walls and a very peach paint palate that didn't do anything to help me forget about the long line that I was in. If you pay, like everywhere else in Vegas, you can skip ahead of the line and hit that buffet all the faster. As for the food and other offerings inside... the endless sangria is well worth it. Especially considering that 30 odd yelpers eat that much slower when they drink and make fun of each other over the things witnessed in the previous 72 hours. Hell, it seemed like we were there for almost just as much time eating, drinking, and laughing. It's no joke, if you have the determination, you too can sit there all day and gorge on the varied cornucopia of foods hailing from the ocean, oven, grill, asian, mexican, continental persuasion as well. Mind you, that the bathroom is outside of the buffet... off to the left. And yes, they will let you back in. ;D
5	The Best Buffet ever!! :)Had to wait a little in line...but it was worth every second!
4	Mmm...mmm...YUMMO!!Did someone say Buffet?! Well, I only wish I came @ 3ish since that's when they supposedly serve crab legs, but I did spend a good 2 hours @ The Buffet with the girls!So they have a a whole selection of diverse dishes..from soups to pastas to a personalized omelet station. I like to walk around the buffet first to evaluate each and every station. Italian dishes.. check..Asian cuisines..check..Mexican food...check..American..check..desserts..check. I would say that it was worth the cost to get in for good quality and unlimited food. I'm always down for anything seafood. So I gorged on the variety of fishes...from calamari to sashimi to sushi to well prepared baked salmon and halibut dishes. These were just some of what I tried and I almost died and went to heaven...hehe..well..let's just say I built up a good enough appetite for all the yumminess to come!This buffet is probably one of my favorites in Vegas (Cravings @ The Mirage is awesome too!) and also because I just lovedlovedloved  the interior decor. It had a whimisical feel to it with a good amount of my favorite pastel colors throughout and OMG..LIME GREEN!!! I was in LOVE! Flowers were accentuated throughout the buffet with perfect lighting from the outside. Gosh..I miss it already!Our group of 9 gals didn't have to wait in line for too long and were seated at a large round table with the bachelorette at the head. Kinda felt like we were in a castle and she was our queen..heheAlthough we didn't have our prince charmings at the time, we still felt loved by the awesomeness of good company and delectable, mouth watering dishes. Definitely a place to go to again..next time I'm making sure I get my CRAB LEGS!!! p.s. I wish there were to go bags! haha!
3	There are a few things that should not be in a buffet.  Fish, for example, tastes horrible at a buffet.  Barbecued veal, which sounds like a bad idea already, tastes awful and has the texture of poorly cooked octopus tentacles in a buffet.  Desserts that have been sitting out for who knows how long, taste a bit like meat, but not like dessert.  The lamb steaks were quite good though, and I did like their creme brulee, and they sure did know how to keep the coffee coming.  Unfortunately, I really can't say much else here, except that I'm convinced that I don't want to go to another Las Vegas buffet.
2	The Wynn Buffet is very much like the Bellagio's was ten years ago when Steve was running it.In fact, everything about the Wynn is the Bellagio in it's hayday. Went there for the breakfast buffet yesterday and I was bit underwhelmed by the selection.  Sure there were 3-4 selections from regions like Asia, Italy, The south, seafood, salads and desserts.But, it wasn't exciting.  everything was stale and cold and lacked the flavor punch that I would expect from a $35 pp breakfast buffet.  The only thing I really liked was the yogurt and berry parfait and um, yeah...that's all.  Everything looked good, but it just didn't have the umph to carry it.
5	Great food quality, efficient service, and huge variety rate five stars here. Clearly something for everyone: sushi, stir fry, pastas; seafood; fish; lamb, foul, beef, veg. Loved the salads, cheese assortment, and desserts including scoops of ice cream and homemade sorbets. Juices and coffee are includedas well. What's not to like!
3	THE +'s: quality of food was top-notch. classy displays, gorgeous dining areas. fancy-schmancy selections at every food station such as their variety of desserts.THE -'s: errr, kinda small eh. plus, quality of taste is rather bland. it's nice that the food is all fresh but there's not much exciting flavors to any of it. got seating in the garden atrium and it took forever to snag a server for drinks. and what the heck? i know it's hip to be international and all -- but serving jook at a pricey buffet such as this is just a joke. if the spice market buffet can serve fluffy cha siu bao, you'd think the wynn could keep up with at least that.SUM: not worth almost forty bucks a person for sunday brunch. there are better buffets on the strip.
2	So excited about this place, but left very underwhelmed. The variety was was solid, but there were far more misses than hits.*The hits: great already-split-for-you king crab legs, surprisingly good tandoor foods, good prime rib and potato sides.*The misses: dry, dry, dry fish - we tried all of them and not 1 was well prepared. Plus, they were lukewarm at best. Nothing like room temp cooked fish. The sushi was mushy terrible. Overall, despite getting in at 3:15 and paying the lunch price, this place just wasn't worth it. Nothing really "wowed" me.
4	Only a four star because it was a buffet. But OMG, the best buffet I have ever been to. Rarely go them because food is always poor quality. Only went because it was compted and boy was I surprised. First class food with so much variety it made my head spin. Everything was fantastic. A desert bar with hand scooped ice cream. Seafood, crab legs, lamb, prime rib, turkey, pork loin, asian, pizza, pasta bar, salads, fruits and even sushi. They had it all.
4	So...I'm generally not a fan of buffets (say it "buff-ett")...NOT because of the sheer quantity of food, but rather because of the sad lack of quality at most buffets. The Wynn buffett, on the other hand, is not one of said buffets. It's just one step above mediocre. And it could quite possibly be elevated solely by the aesthetics of the place.  Very pretty and lush ornamentation (just like the rest of the casino)...I noticed while we were standing in line that the walls appear to be covered in ivory ostrich skin. Just like all the other Vegas buffets (because there IS a distinction), the Wynn buffet is broken up into styles of food: pasta, salads, seafood, "Asian", grill, soups, desserts, etc.  Some highlights:Witnessing obscene gluttony: freaking lady with 10 king crab legs on her plate clutching it to her breast as if we were going to steal them off her plateCustomized noodle bowls- unfortunately the veggie broth, bland egg noodles, bland chikken really disappointed meFresh-made crepes, however, saved the day... with options of strawberries, blueberry syrup, razz syrup, nanners foster, or whatever creative mess you put on it. Price point was on point. Basically you throw money at them and can gorge yourself to your heart's content...or your wallet's...like we did!
5	Okay, so the last buffet I went to was at the Mirage two or three years ago.  I've never been to the Bellagio buffet or the Spice Market at Planet Hollywood, and the Paris buffet is but a distant memory.  So for me, this is as good as it gets.The moment I laid eyes on the beautiful, colorful, and slightly whimsical decor of the dining area, my mouth began to salivate in anticipation of good eats to come.  And when I finally reached the buffet, it was no disappointment.All strategizing went out the window as I ran around like a fat kid in a candy store.  Seeing so many selections was sensory overload, and I became nearly dizzy with piggish happiness.Four kinds of ceviche, gourmet salads served in elegant glasses, chicken panang prepared as you like it, a bountiful heaping of preserved meats and cheeses, a generous selection of Indian cuisine, lamb prepared three of four different ways, rare prime rib and juicy plump sausage and tender veal, steamed Chinese pork buns and crispy wontons (no thanks), mounds of crab legs and a variety of smoked fish, pasta made to order (also no thanks)...and those were just the entrees.  When I saw the desserts...oy vey.  I almost cried with joy.Not everything was good (the scallop ceviche was a bit slimy, the red snapper a bit tough), but overall I was impressed.  I must have made four or five trips and gained five pounds that night.  But that's how I like to live--without regrets.
5	still expensive, and still awesome, as far as buffets go. go just before dinner and you can pay lunch prices and wait for the crab legs to come out. this is a must-stop place for us in vegas
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas is at the Wynn. It's reasonably priced for the quality of food you get. First thing you should go to when you get inside is the crab legs. Asian people tend to go for the expensive food first, so you'll almost always run into a line of Asians in the seafood area. If you get there too late, better bring a book to read (or your DS if you hate reading) because you'll be waiting for a while watching the person in front of you struggle to pour butter onto his plate. Kobe beef, delicious. I'm obsessed with their mashed potatoes. I feel like I'm wasting money filling up on that, but it's just that good. The Wynn buffet will leave you full and satisfied. Felt like you ate too much and want to burn some calories? Luckily for you the Wynn provides loads of activities you can do before you wobble back to your hotel room. You can get a great upper body work out at the craps table and slot machines. You can also get a great cardio work out finding the bathroom at the Wynn.
3	A yelper said it was resonably priced!?!?! On what planet.?!?! Totally not worth the hour wait or the $40 price tag for dinner.  Yes this was good and the assortment was plentiful but too expensive for what it was.  The decor is beautiful and opulent. I think that they should post something on the line to indicate how long the wait is from your spot in line.  We arrived around 7:30 on a Monday night and waited over an hour. Our service was horrible.  We constantly had to wave down the wait-staff for water refills.  While in Vegas we also dined at the LV Hilton buffet.  It's 1/2 the price of the Wynn and just slightly less desirable.
4	Who serves spicy tuna hand rolls and pad thai at a brunch buffet? The Wynn does!  There were at least 20 different desserts and tons of breakfast/lunch/dinner entrees.  For an extra $10, we had bottomless mimosas...which were refilled with just champagne. I'm coming back!
4	Once upon a time, I went to the Wynn Buffet and told my self-proclaimed "foodie" friend that he had to go when he got to Las Vegas and this is what he had to say:"The selection of food was good....prime rib, crab legs, lamb, etc.. but the quality on most everything was decent to bad.  They were also a little slow at refilling our mimosas.  One crab leg I had was good..the others tasted off ... some were too salty, some were bland.  The prime rib was just bland, but with the horseradish sauce it was ok.  The lamb was too gamey and tasted off in general.  The shrimp cocktail was good, but how would they screw that up.  The tuna ceviche was really bad...I think the fish was bad or something.  The pulled pork on cornbread was ok...the sauce was just so unspectacular, but the corn bread underneath was pretty good.  I didn't try the pizza but it looked no good, and I heard it was no good.   I can't complain too much about desserts as most of them were pretty good, and I was pretty full by that time, so I only ate what other people recommended.  I was a tad hungover, but was generally in a good mood and wasn't feeling sick or anything going in.  I just thought the food was all mediocre to bad."F*** that, the buffet was AMAZING.  Maybe it was the 8 mimosas I had during it or the fact I was still hammered from the night before, but I thought it was a mind blowingly sexy time
5	We went for the New Year's Eve buffet.This is, hands down, the best buffet I have ever been to.  The ambiance is great, and the buffet is AMAZING.  A LARGE, I repeat, LARGE selection of just about anything you would like to eat, and the quality is on par with what I would expect from a dressy, sit-down restaurant.  It is expensive, but it is worth it.Bottomless champagne, amazing dessert bar, so many tasty things to eat, so little time!!Highly recommend!
4	I have been to this buffet so many times, and I think each time I eat less and less. I don't know if it's because i'm getting older and can't eat as much, or I'm just not that into these buffets anymore. The first time I came, it was great. I remember there were rambutan fruits, the prime rib was perfect, and the crab was delicious. Every single time I went afterwards, it was either too salty, the food was too dry, or the selection was just mediocre. The BEST thing in my opinion here is still the desserts.. oh  and maybe some of the girls that are dressed up like they are going clubbing to eat a buffet.. impressive.
2	There were a lot of options, but none of them blew me away.  It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.The dessert was the best.
2	I was told to check out this buffet while in Vegas, and I kind of regret I did.  I think there are two types of people: those who like buffets and those who don't.  I'm of the latter sort, and buffets remind me of eating in college mess halls more than enjoying the food.  But still, we went here for a Saturday brunch.  The variety seemed pretty good - asian, italian, seafood, pizza, breakfast, etc.  I had an omelet which was probably the highlight of the meal.  Everything else that I tried was fine, but I was definitely limited by not being able to have the meat here.  The desserts looked nice but I didn't really like any of the ones I tried.  My fiance was more experimental, but he thought that most of the food was kind of pedestrian or mediocre.  Ultimately, both of us would have preferred eating less at a better restaurant in Vegas, but then again, I guess we're not buffet people.
3	Expensive, and I don't really think it's worth it.  They do have some "big ticket" items, but nothing that really wowed me.It's what I hate about buffets- lots of food, but none of it really great.On a side note, they had the strongest straws I have ever had in my life, lol.Wouldn't return for the money.
3	It's nice to see that there were a lot of options but I spent most of the time taking a bite of one item and moving on to the next. I don't think the pricepoint is bad but maybe they should rethink some of the options on the menu. I wish there were more fish options, that items were less greasy and that they had more options for the salad. The dessert was fabulous!
5	This is the BEST Buffet in the WORLD!! Seriously, remember when people would say "Rio is the best buffet, you gotta go there." Whelll my friends, the Wynn buffet is bounds and leaps better than Rio. For $40 you get access to perfectly cooked rack of New Zealand lamb, delicious prime rib, succulent ribs, pork loin, giant king crab legs, surprisingly good shrimp (none of that tiny crap, these are big suckers) a variety of fresh and handmade pastas like orchette with your choice of topping, mushroom gnocchi, and lobster canellis. There are also a few choices of Sushi along with must try shumai and pot stickers (why are these so good? Seriously, they rival the best dumplings in Monterey Park) Don't miss the indian food sections- the curry sea bass was excellent. All of the sides are amazing as well. Mashed potatoes, roasted asparagus/corn, harricot vert and duck salad, barley salad, all of the salads in the little cups, gazpacho... oh man I can't even remember them all. Yes, and the dessert area is amazing. The Brulee, Rice pudding with passion fruit/mango and banana chocolate were my favs. They change the food every ten minutes and all of the food is  tiny trays so you know what they put out is the freshest it can be. Also, every portion size is PERFECT. Just enough for a few bites so you can try everything-- now that's some attention to detail.They will also help you choose options if you have a food allergy and will give you the full rundown of ingredients. For $40, I wouldn't have it any other way than the Wynn Buffet!
4	I got really lucky for my first experience at The Buffet at The Wynn.  I signed up for a RED club card and was told that when I attain 100 points on my card I could have one spin on their wheel of prizes, which had a Free Buffet as one of the spaces on the wheel.  Screw the 25,000 slot credits, I want the buffet!!!  That's a big prize to me considering that dinner was $35-40.  Well the buffet gods must've been on my side because I won $200 playing on a slot machine and easily got the 100 points, and then when I spun their wheel, I won the Free Buffet!  Woot!!!Knowing that it's the most expensive buffet on the Strip at dinnertime, that's what I used my free buffet with.  This place oozes uberness from the decor and the food.  The atrium seating is the place to go since it's nicely decorated and looks nothing like a cafeteria.  There was so much gourmet style food, primarily modern American cuisine.  Sometimes that could be a bad thing though, as I wouldn't mind sneaking in some comfort foods like fried chicken, which they didn't have.  They did have some good pizza though!  Their ceviches are really good and I loved their pastas, and the Kobe beef medallions were delicious.  The dessert bar alone is worth the price (had I paid for the buffet), that's probably the station that I raided the most.  I kept going back for their tiramisu and mango pudding shots.  I actually think I had more dessert than everything else.  It's too bad that I couldn't take anymore in.It's really hard to me to give a 5 star rating to a buffet since the quality of food is usually subpar compared to dining at a fancy restaurant.  But don't let the 4 star rating distract you from coming here.  The Buffet at the Wynn is as good as it gets and I would definitely come back here again and wouldn't mind paying the premium price.  It's worth every dollar!
4	The reviews say it all...but what I love is how beautiful this buffet is.  Come, and be surprised! Rest easy that the food and the environs are stunning, not just for a buffet, but for....anything.  The entrance feels like you are taking the VIP route to a royal wedding!  The service is stunning, I'm so appreciative of how hard the kids work at this destination, it so obvious they care, and that says a lot.   It's a great place for a special occasion EVEN (yeah, a buffet).     There's bargains out there for the Wynn buffet, but it's more than a value no matter what your price point ends up being. Obviously if you are a newbie to the Wynn property you should get the Players card, 2 for 1 at the best buffet works out to $8.50 a person, if that's not the best food bargain in Vegas, er anywhere, name it.  Steal. Highly Recommended.Casual dress, but socks and shoes a must.
4	This buffet was pretty awesome! I'm generally not a huge fan of buffets because they aren't always that great, but this one was full of good food. I am sad that I somehow went on a day when they didn't have crab legs (my favorite seafood) :( and I really wish I could have. I would have eaten TONS, though, so maybe it's for the best. I tried a lot of the other dishes (everything from Italian food to sushi) and they were all pretty good. The sushi could have been a bit better, but I didn't expect much from buffet sushi. Their desserts were probably the best part. SO many to choose from, and all smaller sized so it was easy to sample a lot of them (and share with the table, at that point I was so full!!) The waiting to actually get IN to the buffet sucks, we waited in line at least an hour. Plus, it's a little pricey (though not too bad). Regardless, it's worth it. And eventually I was more than satiated! Minus one star because they throw away food at the end of the day, according to our server. WTF? How about giving it to a homeless shelter or something. Just my .02.
3	This place had a long line but it wasnt that bad. It was bright and airy and cut I guess you could say...for lack of a better word. The food was pretty good, What I did enjoy was a large amount of Mimosas that I was craving the entire time I was in Vegas...I was sated here, they kept them coming and I kept making them disappear, I know I drank more then I ate but that is ok. They had a good variety and that is always good. I feel the price is extremely fair and  you definitely get your monies worth if you are doing the champagne brunch.
5	Following the buffet at the Paris, The Buffet at the Wynn is next on my list of my favorite buffets in Vegas. I swear to you my fellow Yelpers, there are moments in my life when I'm just craving this buffet. Seriously, who CRAVES an entire buffet???This buffet is simply amazing, from the savory meats to the decadent desserts; I can never get enough! I've been here 3 times and it never gets old!And of course, residing in one of the nicest hotels/casinos around, The Buffet is a bit pricey. However, this is a must-try experience for all you Vegas go-ers. 5 stars! *sigh* if only you were closer...
5	Five stars? But it's a buffet!Well, I give it five stars because it far exceeded any expectation I had of what a buffet is.At roughly $45 per person, this is hardly a bargain. However, if you have a couple of hours to kill and you are disciplined enough to pace yourself, you are in a for a treat after treat after treat.The best time to come on a weekend is at 10:00am. Any later than that and you'll be waiting in line for over an hour; almost two hours at around 12:00pm. Nothing is worth standing in line for that long.The dining room is bright. The chairs are comfortable. There's elbow room and plenty of room to walk between your table and the food stations.I prefer bite size servings at buffets, so Asian dumplings, Vietnamese spring rolls, Chinese stuffed mushrooms and things of that sort are a favorite way to start the meal...I then work my way up the line.Avoid foods like potatoes, any type of pasta, bread, sushi, or the classic carving board offerings...or salad, for that matter. You can have those any time. Stick to the less common stuff and you'll still not be able to try it all. By the way, the little transparent cup with the red and yellow filling topped with a raspberry on the bottom right of the desserts image is a tropical fruit pudding/jelly/custardy thing that made my toes curl with joy...just sayin'.I am feeling a bit guilty for giving a buffet five stars...but I have to stick to this one. It really is as good as it gets for a hotel buffet.
3	I learned 2 things from the last time I came here.  Lesson #1: Don't come here if you're starving.  Come here if you're hungry.  I ate to the point where I started to feel really sick.Lesson #2: No buffets within 3-4 hours of drinking/clubbing.  No one wants to feel like a whale in their skimpy Vegas outfit.As for the buffet, the food was ok.  It was a solid buffet, but only a few things stood out to me (even when I was starving!)  They have your usual fish, meats, and seafood but I actually really enjoyed the simple things like the baby back ribs and the broccoli cheese soup.  The sushi was bleh, no thanks.  I loved the herb salmon and the desserts!  The coffee ice cream was one of the best I've ever tried.  Here's an idea.  Grab 2 cookies and make an ice cream sandwich with the ice cream, sooooo good!So like I said, solid buffet, nothing too outstanding but nothing horribly gross.
5	It is quite expensive and I don't think I ever eat my money's worth, but I still think it's one of the best buffets Vegas has to offer!Let me let you guys in on a secret for buffets in Vegas if you don't want to pay ~ $45/person for dinner. Go around 3pm to get there before lunch closes and dinner begins and you'll get in for the lunch price but get to eat dinner!  Pretty awesome!Their king crab legs, cocktail shrimp, and prime rib/RACK OF LAMB (get med rare. it's SO good)/other freshly sliced (cooked, duh) red meat is all I eat there (and plenty of dessert of course) so that is all I can really vouch for, but those are definitely enough for me to want to come back again and again! Gosh, I love buffets.Oh, and if you come here for breakfast buffet, their slab of bacon is enough incentive to make you wake up in time for breakfast in Vegas.This is my favorite buffet in Vegas. And trust me, I've eaten at almost all of them (I know, gross).
5	I've tried many buffets in the past and the Wynn buffet is my favorite.  There's just way too many selections.  What I like about this place the most is the desert section - OMG!  I love sweets so this place had so much desert variety...insane!  Also, I like how updated the restaurant is.  If you compare this buffet to the Bellagio, the Wynn buffet just looks cleaner, more modern, brighter, and a happier place.  Of course you pay a heft price, but in Vegas that's really not bad.  You'll probably spend more at a restaurant. Best buffet everrrrrrrrrrr!
5	Whew.. i was so full off of all the food and ALL the champagne! My oh my that was lovely.I say if you want to invest your money AND time in a buffet, go to the Wynn. What a big variety! Seafood, prime rib, baby ribs, mexican food, asian (what? Congee?? really!), fried chicken, seared salmon (droools), fish, veggies.. hmmmm not to mention..Desserts!!! They're dessert buffet is a delightful array of various desserts packed into a mini version of original. Talk about tiramisu, chocolatte mousse cake, blueberry cake, tapoica pudding (with mango and peach hmmm!), fruit mouse, key line pies, and much more. Plus, I ordered champagne for sunday morning brunch. Love it! The server kept coming back to me every time my glass was empty. Felt like a superstar... well not really.But the Wynn was worth the $40. At least you'll get quality and lots of yummy choices
5	I loved this buffet for breakfast! The line went really fast and I was able to make reservations the night before, so we were in there pretty fast. I never knew there were so many types of breakfast to enjoy, but one step in this place and you'll feel like you had breakfast in every country in the world. I had congee to eggs, to bacon to burritos, etc. Then who has desserts after breakfast? I DO! Especially when you see their dessert section! Oh wow! I was like a kid in a candy store! I have to say this is the best buffet I've been to in Vegas, better yet, the best buffet EVER.
4	We arrived too late for the champagne brunch and had to get the dinner. It was rather pricey at $38 per person plus tax and tip. We were so tired from the drive that I guess we didn't have the energy to really enjoy the food there. Here are just a few of the dishes/desserts I did enjoy that stood out.-Surprisingly, their veggie pizza was thin and crisp, not oily at all. I may have appealed to me more since it was fresh out of the oven-loved the assortment of cheeses, breads and crackers they had.-I mostly stuck with the king crab legs. I enjoyed the fact that they were already cut in half, making them easier to eat. I only wish they were kept warm as I didn't enjoy them cold as much.-The pastas and soups were average, except the clam chowder wasn't too bad.-I didn't enjoy the fancy plated little salads they made or any of the meats. I was too tired to even try any of the meats but hubby did and said he wasn't impressed.-The smoked salmon bar was great as was the Chinese food station, where you got to pick your own ingredients, which were prepared fresh in front of you.-Desserts were abundant, however, only mediocre in taste (with the exception of their little passionate fruit and coconut dessert with tapioca, that was interesting. I also enjoyed the cheese cake and strawberry shortcake. I was disappointed that there was no Tiramisu that day.-The crepe station which got so much fuss, was not even half as good as Sophie's crepes in SF or as good as actual European style crepes. Besides the bananas the other fruit looked preserved or gelatinous. The ice cream selections didn't seem to entice me much, although the strawberry sorbet was very good.Overall, they have a rather large selection of food  and plenty of desserts. Some dishes as others mentioned may be hit or miss, depending how long they've been out. The sauteed fishes were also good as I forgot to mention earlier. Unfortunately, we had just driven in 100 degree heat for over 5 hrs from LA (not counting the drive from SF) and the exhaustion made it hard for me to focus on the food or fill up as much as I had wanted to to. They do include all sodas and ice teas free. I stuck to the unsweetened one and it was brewed nice and strong.Next time, I am definitely making us fly and I hope to try the champagne brunch. I'll give the place another try for sure. If you do come here, make sure to come STARVING, so you can fit it all in and leave plenty of room for dessert!
5	All I can say is that this is the best buffet I ever had in Vegas...each dish tasted like it wasn't cooked for the masses but came from a fine dining restaurant. The Wynn buffet ruined all the other buffets for me. I totally loved their cheese, charcuterie, dried fruits and olives selection...it made me very happy to find cerignola olives (olives as big as my thumb) as part of their offerings. mmmm cheese and olives....Also I loved their king crab legs- fresh not too salty...just so tasty and so finger lickin good with some lemon and a dip in that warm butter. I was also surprised that I liked the lamb. Im not a lamb person but theirs were cooked perfectly and not gamey at all. I was even impressed that they had a panang station where you order what ingredients you want to add in your panang and that they offer tandoori and naan bread. I dont think I have seen panang and tandoori offered in any other buffets, this was an unexpected surprise. All in all, my family and I think that this is the best buffet...I don't think I can go to any other buffet after this. LOVE IT and definitely a MUST TRY!
4	The line was long, the people were obnoxious, but this was definitely a good buffet.I don't do buffet much because I prefer having delicately cooked food of my choice, rather than having all-you-can-eat, whatever-they-throw-at-you kind of meal.  However, since we were in Vegas, I was willing to break a few personal guidelines. Like most high-end buffets, I felt like I was paying to much for the quality and quantity I was about to get, so it didn't hurt to have a generous friend on a winning spree on the side.I was fascinated with the decor inside, usually I don't like extravagance, but if one has to do it, do it right like Wynn. The consistent quality of the food was impressive (of course it wasn't top notch quality, but it was good for a buffet). I was expecting a lot of ups and downs across the room, but I was pleasantly surprised to be proved wrong. The highlight of the meal was of course the snow crab legs that people lined up and fought for like we were at a flea market. I was a little disgusted with the ugly human greed (one guy doesn't need two mountain looking plates of snow crab legs every 15 mins, right?), but then again, it's Vegas.I found the desert room very cute and entertaining, although the pastries didn't taste as good as they looked. Or maybe it's because, we've all exhausted our senses by then from eating way too much...It was good fun and worth the try. Although it wasn't cheap, I didn't need any other meals that day, so I guess it worked out fine.
5	Heart! Love! Yum!  Definitely my favorite buffet in Vegas!! =D
4	I came for dinner and it was good food. I loved the desserts the most! It does cost a pretty penny, but it's Vegas. I did line up early with my friends so we didn't have to wait for a super long time to get a table. All in all, it was a good experience.
5	Ok, so when my husband and I decided to go to Vegas, we didn't want to be like other tourists and eat at buffets like everyone else.  Well, that's what we were telling everyone else, but secretly that was our plan the whole time!  Where else can you get the opportunity to try so many different types of food for one price?  At a buffet, of course!  Since the Buffet at the Wynn is located at a short walk from our room at Encore, we decided that it would be our first buffet in Vegas.  And we were not disappointed.  The king crab legs were the freshest we've had.  I also loved the braised short ribs and refreshing gazpacho.  There were so many other favorites that I can't possibly list them all, but it's safe to say that there wasn't any one thing I tried that I didn't care for.  I liked the curry station and the pasta station where the chefs prepared your dish in front of you.  But the cherry on top was the dessert area.  No standard soft serve machine here!  There was a gelato station where you got your choice of gourmet gelato flavors.  I got the yogurt lemon and it was delicious!  Just the thing to cleanse my palate after every plateful of goodness.I also really appreciated the presentation of each dish because many weren't all just lumped together on a chafing dish, but rather served in small plates and had the look and taste of delicately prepared cuisine rather than mass produced buffet food that we have come to expect from other buffets.  Dining at the Buffet at Wynn also gave me the opportunity to try things that I've seen on menus at restaurants that I've never had the chance to try.  If I didn't have to worry about my waistline, I would have definitely been happy to eat at this buffet during our entire Vegas vacation!
3	I really HATE the line here. I waited almost TWO HOURS in line just to see what the fuss is about and to get a table. The food was okay. I've had better. I wouldn't come back here just because the line was soooo long!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this buffet!!! I'm not a huge buffet person because I normally can't eat much in one sitting, but I always try and visit the Wynn Buffet when I'm in Vegas.  I love it because all the food always seems gourmet-ish.  Meaning, fancy recipes, fancy ingredients, in nice small portions.  Its food I don't normally get to eat - but in Buffet style!  I also think its great because I usually eat 5-10 things that I would order at a normal restaurant and pay a hefty price for.  My fave is ALWAYS the crab legs.  I beeline for these things and eat a BUNCH of these before I even hit anything else.  This time we had some veal shortribs.  OMG TO DIE FOR.  They were SO amazing and fall off the bone.  They tasted like something you'd go to a restaurant and pay $25-$35 for.  I also loved the Cioppino with the bread, and  the ceviche. I seriously cannot wait to go back!
5	I have been to many buffets and find the quality here to be the BOMB.  I had a lamb steak, prime rib, homemade ice cream and so many other items that were great.  My girlfriend also said the king crab legs were outstanding.  This is a good way to spend $38 for dinner, in my opinion.
5	i love the Wynn buffet!  I went for lunch, paid $22 per person (excludes tip).   Service was excellent and food selection was plenty, i loved the different salads; spicy beef salad, goat cheese salad..yum, sushi, small selection of dimsum, italian food and good tasting burgers!  I also liked the fact that it was still serving breakfast; eggs benedict, smoked grilled bacon and not to mention dessert, I normally don't like sweet, but just couldn't resist, all the mini tarts, cakes...wonderful!
2	Before leaving for Vegas, I made sure to check Yelp for the best new buffets to check out. On the top of my list was The Buffet at the Wynn. Everyone told me to go there. So we went for lunch on a Friday. At $23.95 for a weekday lunch, this is significantly more than other comparable buffets. And I was severely disappointed. What was the big deal? It was so overrated. I just remember lots of pasta dishes, some Asian dishes (which I can get in SF), pizza, some breakfast foods, salads, but there was nothing unique or special or memorable. I'll give them credit for their desserts because the butterscotch pudding was so decadent and surprisingly craveworthy. But that's about it. I don't think I will go back again.
4	"3000+ miles in 7 days" : dinners on the nights during the asian bus tour (from CA to yellowstone to mt rushmore to vegas) that my mom and i went on this past summer...spent the 6th night in vegas, baby and although normally i don't "do" buffets, when in vegas, do as TOURISTS do and stuff your face silly...it was painful, but oh man, oh so very very very worth it.
4	Fantastic brunch! As good as it gets in Vegas probably. Loved the profiteroles, what a great pleasant surprise. I loved the top sirloin, and I also loved the mashed potatoes way better than bellagio's. The reason I left 1 star off was that I didn't get to try any other buffets, so I may raise their score later.
5	People, save your time and money. Skip Bellagio; eat at Wynn. Let me do a side-by-side comparison:Bellagio: souplantation-ish salad bar. Wynn: gourmet salad bar, including make your own and pre-maid salads in adorable, chic cups. Bellagio: overdone fruit station with out of season, flavorless fruitsWynn: gourmet fruit and cheese bar, gourmet cold cut bar (salamis, proscuittos, cheeses, figs, apricots, etc)Bellagio: rare/bloody unseasoned prime ribWynn: herb crusted prime rib, cooked to perfection, with the delicious taste of fresh herbs and garlic still lingeringBellagio: BBQ beef brisket swimming in salty A1 sauceWynn: Rib of Veal, so tender it's practically falling off the bone.Bellagio: snow crabWynn: king crabBellagio: soft serveWynn: crepes made to order and a gelato bar. A whole separate room for dessert. Overall, this buffet is classy, clean, gorgeous. The foods are laid out around the permiter so you don't feel like a cow going from station to station, you can simply gracefully wander around the room (and everything is clearly labeled to catch your attention).  Service is excellent. If you ask for coffee, you will get a carafe of it; if you ask for juice, you'll get a pitcher of fresh squeezed oj. Noise level is low for a buffet. Prices high, but you're getting quality food. Their ethnic selection is fabulous (the best sweet & sour shrimp and tandoori mahi mahi I've ever had).Overall, this is a fantastic buffet. The best there is. Apparently this is how good the Bellagio's buffet was before Steve Wynn sold Bellagio to the MGM/Mirage group. For shame.
4	I am not really the salad bar type so I feel that the Bellagio is just as good as the Wynn. You pay more at Wynn, but I would say it's just a fraction of a hair better. I would definately recommend it to anyone. If you are looking for top quality buffet then The Buffet at Wynn is choice.
5	I had a very tasty lunch here.I had california rolls, spicy tuna hand rolls, leg of lamb, prime rib, broccoli cheese soup, teeny briskey sandwiches, macaroni and cheese, gnocchi with mushrooms and proscuitto, cheese, desserts, gelato, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmMy boyfriend ate until he was literally sick, because he thought the food was so great.Move over Bellagio, this buffet has got you beat!
2	Nope, The Buffet did not do it for me.  I was not a fan.  I get the idea, smaller portions help insure the quality of the food, but when the food isn't that great to begin with, it leaves me with the thought of "what's the point"  I came here on a recommendation from the concierge and was told that The Buffet was just voted "Best Buffet in Vegas".  The VIP line was long and I didn't get that, I paid extra to get that VIP pass and I don't understand the wait.  I know that makes me look snobby, but I am not made of money, so when I shell out the cash to get the special treatment, I freaking want the special treatment.  We were seated and ignored for about twenty minutes.  It was busy, not that busy.  I was thirsty and the dude who came over brought us drinks once and never returned.  I sampled all the cuisine, the best of the mediocre were the lobster cannoli and the gnocchi.  The ice cream was good as well (big shocker there) but whipped cream was on the other side of the dessert station where the crepe line wrapped around the corner.  WTF?? You can't have both in one place.Whatever, this place was meh and I won't be back, I mean I only came here cuz the rest of my family didn't bring nice clothes.  I mean who does that...2 stars
3	I like how the Wynn offered both medium rare and cooked ribs. I don't know how the other food tasted, but $35 for all you can eat prime rib is pretty good.
5	I'm not much of a buffet eater, but this buffet is like no other.  There is seriously so much quality food here that you'll have to prioritize what you plan on eating.  My wife and I, along with her aunt and uncle, attempted unsuccessfully to try "a little of everything".  This technique proved no match for such a mighty buffet.  Come here hungry and you MUST save room for dessert...trust me.
4	Only have the Bellagio buffet to compare to the Wynn...the Wynn beats the Bellagio easily. If you aren't a seafood eater (i'm not) or like a little different type of food, you might not consider it worth the money, but  I still found it great!The prime rib, marinated chicken, potatoes, and desserts were awesome.
4	Umm can you say Gotcha Bitch. So, I checked yelp for a good buffet to eat at and found the Wynn - I should have read the reviews first or called ahead 'cause when I showed up, I was expecting to pay 20 or so for breakfast, but ended up paying $32 + tip. Apparently on the weekends the iike to rape you for more money and the price is the same all day (may cost more for dinner). I loved the food, don't get me wrong, but damn can I save a little money for drinking, gambling, or hookers? There were tons of vegetarians choices, fresh squeezed orange juice, and real premium coffee. Easily the best food that I had on the strip during my week here.
3	I am done with Buffets for a while. The Buffet at the Wynn has become way overpriced and sad to say mediocre food. Even the deserts have become adequate. It has lost it's wow factor and gone up on the socialbly irresponsible glutton factor.As a heavy man myself, I don't have alot of room to talk but is it really necessary to take 3 plates of crab legs at once??? Just revolting. Though the waste is well used at a local pig farm, it is just depressing to see how much people eat and even more depressing to see how much is wasted.... I can hear my mother over and over , RIP," do you know how many starving people there are in Africa?"The one nice touch they have added is an antipasta bar
5	Seriously!? Food this great at a buffet?? I will go to this buffet during every trip to Las Vegas. It was like eating at a 5 star restaurant. Pretty much everything was amazing. Not too over-seasoned, under-seasoned, or dry. All the dishes melted in your mouth and left you wanting more. I cleared every single plate and bowl I brought to the table. I even finished their huge coffee cup full of coffee.. it was delicious.. not like other brewed coffees. It's a little expensive but it's worth it for what you get. You can ask the chefs to customize any dish due to preference/allergy and they'll make it on the spot. This restaurant is worth the trip.. just try to eat a lot to make up for the cost.
4	I GOT TO TRY SO MANY KINDS OF FISH!Pros:-Presentation of the place was adorable. It's like an outside garden on Sunday afternoon sipping on tea.-Food was great for the most part (I loved about 80% of the things there).-I was able to try 4 different types of fish prepared differently.-Their mini salad cups were so cute!-Great service!Cons:-Their salad bar could use a little help. (It was like a Hometown buffet salad bar, nothing special).-Desserts were limited at the time I went and consisted of a lot of different cup cakes (not a fan of cup cakes). It was a downer when they didn't have creme brulee! They made up for it with the mint and chip thingy.-Go during lunch because this place is pricey!-Needs a more extensive variety of food instead of the same things prepared differently.
5	To review Las Vegas buffets I've broken it down into 4 sections.Appetizers:A decent selection, but what Wynn focused on is quality.  Exceptionally well laid out Shrimp and especially the crab legs.  I was surprised by the level of quality of the available seafood.  They may not focus on a large variety but appears to have the best quality. Salads:Very good selection of veggies and really tasty dressing here as well.Main Entree:Not much variety but they definitely focused on quality.  They attempt to provide the best quality dishes in a buffet setting. Desserts:I personally did not care for their offerings but did have things like refreshing gelato being served.Again, this place does not provide the variety of other Las Vegas buffets, but  they do offer a high consistent quality buffet.Decor: 5 Stars (very tastefully decorated)Service: 4 Stars (friendly staff)Atmosphere: 5 Stars (friendly)Food Quality: 5 Stars (great quality)Quantity of Food: 5 Stars (its all you can eat)Price: 4 Stars (worth the high price)For a Grand Total of 5 Stars.
4	OK, here's my try at a comparative review of the Bellagio & Wynn dinner buffets - the two highest rated of the Vegas casino buffets (& the priciest). Was lucky to try both during my trip - reading previous reviews, looks like food selection varies slightly daily. My review is based on what I ate - there was alot that I did not try.Price- Bellagio is cheaper ($30) vs Wynn ($35)Interior/Atmosphere- Liked Wynn better - garden decorations, more airy brighter & comfortable, less noisy. Bellagio layout seemed more packed & noisy.Service- Wynn servers were faster & more attentive and efficient (refills, plate  removal, coffee). Food- Crab goes to Bellagio. Wynn only had split King Crab. Bellagio had King Crab & Snow crab. Both served the crab split & cold - straight from the box (Wynn server kept refilling the buffet straight from the box, they could have done this better). Flavor of both about the same, both very fresh tasting. Wynn provided drawn butter - Bellagio did not.Shrimp was tie - great at both places.- Red Meat goes to Wynn. Wynn prime rib was seasoned better - Bellagio tasted like any other buffet. Both offered leg of lamb but was dry. Bellagio offered Kobe sirloin - not memorable. Wynn offered lamb t-bone & osso bucco, both dry.- Sushi goes to Bellagio. Wynn did not offer. Bellagio also offered Steak tartar - was not appealing or tasty.- Salad/Fruit/Cheese/Cold meats - tie. I did not eat any green salads or fruit. Salad layouts looked great - I'd rate them a tie. Wynn had cold meats - very nice. Cheese at Bellagio was very nice (esp for dessert).Desserts goes to Wynn. Preparation of the deserts was better & more variety - loved the mango lychee tapioca. Wynn had more variety & was nicely presented in individual plastic flutes. Coffee was hot at Bellagio, Wynn was warm.In summary- Close Tie based on food alone. After trying both, I'm happy to report that both had very nice buffets & can highly recommend them both. If you are crunched for time & need to pick one, go for Wynn - based on atmosphere & service.
4	Had a great experience here on our most recent trip.  On past visits we've tried the IP buffet (run away, FAST), the Aladdin buffet (not sure how it is now that it's PH), and the Cravings buffet (forget which hotel that one's in, but it was pretty good).  On a Thursday at dinner, there was no line at all, which was nice.  And as everyone else said, the decor is super cute--try to get seated in the atrium if you can with all the giant flower arrangements and topiaries!My husband and I both agree that if we came back to the Wynn buffet (and there's a high probability of that), we would devote significantly more time and stomach space to the giant crab legs--they were freakin' fantastic!!  SO fresh and yummy, and they go so fast that they're constantly refilling them, so you know they don't just sit there for very long.  There's lots of other fresh seafood and some sushi type items, and a huge host of varying types of cuisine--I had everything from panang curry to lobster cannoli to lamb to pasta with rabbit to a variety of meats and cheeses, as well as all kinds of fish, chicken, veal, you name it.  Something for everyone.  Only complaint was the pretty meager salad station...but why waste space on that at such a decadent buffet anyway?The desserts had a whole room to themselves, so that should tell you something!!! You could get freshly made crepes, all kinds of puddings, cakes, tarts, pies, cookies...mostly delicious.  There were a few that weren't so good, like the tapioca pudding, but I guarantee you'll find something you like.Buffets are inherently not going to be the best food you've ever had, but if you want to check out a good one, I'd definitely say stop in here!!!
4	Comparing the buffet at the Wynn to the buffet at the Bellagio, I would definitely take the buffet at the Wynn.  Excellent selection, even for vegetarian items; nice cheese tray; soups; a wide range of items from many different cuisines, very tasty sushi and ceviche.  Not everything was delicious, but hey, that's the point of a buffet: if you don't like something, you can go back and get something else.The ambiance was fantastic -- loved sitting in the 'garden', looking out at the hotel above, sunlight all around, with the creative topiaries around.  The waiter service was excellent, too: not only did our waiter bring our drinks and refill them promptly, but he never took a plate away while we were still sitting at the table, and if one of us was still sitting there and the other had gotten up, leaving a plate behind, he'd always ask before taking the plate.  It's a small detail, but good service is in the details.
4	I'm not a buffet person, but this place was pretty good. Went for brunch. They have the best freshly squeezed OJ... The CHEESE PIZZA was so good... Nice and thin. Very crispy. The CLAM CHOWDER was also delicious. WIll want to come back for dinner.
3	3.5 stars. Almost 4.I went for brunch on a weekend at the Wynn. Just walking into the place was fantastic. It was so light and just an overall great atmosphere. We didn't wait too long to be seated, and they were willing to accommodate a fifth person at a four-person table. Service with our fresh squeezed orange juices, waters and coffee was fast.The food. Wow. It was just amazing, and I am picky. Ask my friends. I literally grabbed a little of everything, and they just waited for my opinion - then proceeded to call me a princess for being so picky. Most items weren't fantastic but they were pretty darn good. It's perfect for everyone because there are so many options.Oh and don't leave this place without trying the house-made strawberry sorbet. Omg it is delicious!
3	The buffet was good.  Very tasty.  I only give it three stars because the price is high for the amount of food available.  Don't get me wrong, they have a good selection but I have been to plenty casino buffet and it was equal in selection and taste.  I was expecting a bigger selection.  They have great deserts though. The place is beautifully decorated.  If you can go Mon thru Thur, the price isnt so bad.  On Thursday the price was 35 for dinner.
3	Very nice buffet and not too expensive ($24.99 / lunch). Opulent decor and clean friendly atmosphere. My only reservations are the overstocking of cold salad dishes - it seems half the selections of food were 3-bean salads and variations of Mediteranean octupus and coos-coos. Also, there were not enough meat sources except for the most common items like bacon and sausage... and this was lunchtime! But an upscale buffet; worth one's time and money (though I still have favorite buffets that I'd choose over this one).
5	I've eaten at the Bellagio buffet a couple times, but we wanted to try the wynn's buffet b/c we heard so many good things about it. We went on Monday night and there was no line at all! :) I have to say that after eating here, there is absolutely no doubt that wynn's buffet is better than the Bellagio's! The food quality is much better, there is way more variety, and everything is so much cleaner, healthier, and nicer. Their dessert selection is phenomenol. My favorites: the mussels, shrimp, t-bone lamb, and the crepes that are made right when you order them! For $35 (plus tax), this is a fantastic deal. If you're debating b/w bellagio and wynn, eat at wynn's.
4	The Buffet at the Wynn is pretty good... for a buffet. It is one of my favorites in Vegas. It is also decorated nicely with lots of flowers. They have a nice assortment of food to choose from, all presented in brightly lit displays. There are separate displays for salad, soup, seafood, meat, etc. I ate a whole bunch of crab legs and cocktail shrimp. I would've tried the prime rib, but I was too full. They also have a nice assortment of desserts, including crepes, gelato, creme brulee, and a bunch of different cakes. Yum!
3	I had such high expectations for this place. I was greatly disappointed!! I came here for the Saturday brunch. It was $40. I know you'll never eat your money's worth, but the buffet wasn't worth $40!! Also keep in mind, I'm not big on dessert. (So the girls say) Wynn Buffet has the better desserts (compared to Bellagio [I have yet to try Bellagio]). Anyways, the best thing they had was probably the shrimp, they were legit in size and freshness. I also enjoyed the variety they had, the congee brought back a sense of home comfort. The prime rib was cooked perfectly, however I'm not a big fan of prime rib. I'd rather have a steak. The kobe sliders, ummm, not sure exactly if they were really kobe beef, but it was rather dry. All of this definitely wasn't worth $40!!! Maybe I'll come back one day for dinner. I'm not really big on crab legs either, yeah, I'm pretty much a hater!!! =(Sadly, I realized I no longer find joy in buffets! =/
5	Oh so good!!! We were 7 people and waited in line for maybe 20 minutes on a Sunday at 11am. Not bad at all... Once seated and mimosa drink orders taken we hit the buffet. There were so many choices and everything looked good. I did 2 rounds of "real food" and then we hit up the dessert area. We were celebrating my mom's b-day and the waitress brought me a candle and matches to use which was very nice of her. Take a look at my pics and you can see how yummy everything was and the decor was beautiful too.*What was really cool was our waitress brought us huge coffee cups filled with mimosas to leave with. She topped off our champagne flutes too which we poured in to the to go cups.
5	Spent $35 for dinner on a Tuesday evening.I have to say, because of the great quality, immense variety, tastiness, and unlimited consumption, it seems like this was the best meal I have ever had!I ate so much- 4 or 5 full plates, and 2 or 3 desert plates. I ate so much, I felt high. I definitely had a sugar high.This is what life is made for.I also came back for lunch the next day, dinner was the best. Make sure to go for dinner!
4	4.5 stars for an awesome lunch and dinner.  Tips and tricks from a bunch of scheming money-saving Asians:$35 for weekend brunch (I think for dinner, it's another $5, and if you want the Champagne brunch, it's about $40).Tip #1:  TIMING and PRICINGTo get the full spectrum of food awesomeness, the WHOLE enchilada (mmm, i do want enchilada right now...), order the brunch around 2:30pm - 3:00pm.  Why?  Well, dinner starts at 3:30pm, so if you get there at around 2:30pm, you'll probably wait in line for about 15 minutes, pay the cheaper rate for brunch, and then get seated and ready to hit the buffet line and access all the brunch items by 3:00pm.  You can eat two or three plates of brunch items for about 30 minutes.  Then, right around 3:30pm, they change up the buffet lines and bring out all the new dinner items.   And, BAM, that's where you come in, ready to hit up the dinner buffet.  And you can get it all while it's fresh and hot too.  Two meals for the price of one; a ton of variety for $35.  Makes sense?  YES, I think so too!Tip #2: CONSUMPTION STRATEGYThis is a generic eating tip. Go SLOWLY.  You'll be able to consume more and digest better.  I alternate between heavy and light plates, and the Buffet at Wynn certainly has its share of light and heavy items.  They've got everything!  For example, I started out my first plate with a giant omelet, and some other carnivorous items.  My second plate, I opted for some vegetables, fruit, yogurt.  Third plate I returned to a combination of light and heavy, with some seafood pot pie, balanced out by a light salad and some more veggies.  That way, you can pack in more, and enjoy it along the way.  It's all about eating respectable amounts, but still getting a taste of EVERYTHING. Tip #3: THE FOODSNow, we'll get to the actual foods that you should devour.  The seafood pot pie was HEAVENLY.  It was so full of flavor and the puff pastry parts were light, crispy, airy.  A must-eat.  Well, unless you're vegetarian, in which case this buffet might be a waste of your time and money.  The duck salad was amazing too.  Tender slices of duck packed some mean flavor into the light spring greens mix.  A good cleansing meal in between heavy rounds.  The desserts are all pretty good, and I especially liked this thin chocolate cake/wafer item and another cube strawberry layer cake with some kind of cream/custard in the middle.  A warning on deceptive foods that aren't actually so good: the omelet is tempting but just average, it will fill you up because it's really large, so be careful.  Also, you might be tempted to get the mini Kobe slider because, after all, it's KOBE.  Well, it's also not very good, the bread is hard, and the meat is dry.  Don't be deceived.  Save room in your stomach for the better things.There is a smorgasbord of great foods here, and it's probably one of the better buffets in Vegas.  I was very impressed by the variety, which has something to satisfy everyone.  Hunks of carved meat, extensive seafood and sushi, many different kinds of salads, cheese and cold cuts, fruits, huge variety of desserts, hot entrees ranging from Italian to Asian, and everything else you'd expect at a Vegas buffet, and probably more that you wouldn't even think of.Half a star off because the service wasn't so great, nobody filled my cup of water/juice the entire couple hours I was there.  But hey, it's a buffet, so it's about the food, not the service.  And the food is AWESOME.  Take my advice; follow the strategy; leave happy, satisfied, and most importantly COMFORTABLE.  And I say "most importantly" because the worst feeling is coming out of a buffet feeling like a whale.  I went outta there feeling very satisfied and happy that I ate a large yet respectable, classy amount.Mission accomplished!
5	I love this buffet. I do get to eat here for free since I rack up points on my Wynn card. It can get crowded, but worth the wait. The service for the drinks is very quick and they are also quick to clean your table. There's all types entrees to choose from. Seafood, pastas, prime rib, salads, soups, ice cream, cupcakes, pies, sushi, dumplings, and many many more. Try to have a big appetite before you go because there is so much to try. Expect to be full.
3	Like Arnold W., I too had high expectations for this place - so many people claim that it is THE BEST buffet in Vegas - that's quite high praise considering I've had amazing experiences at the Mandalay Bay and the Bellagio Buffets.  Saturday brunch is a wallet-breaking $40, yikes!  And this doesn't even include crab legs.  Sure the food was fresh... lots of shrimp cocktail and prime rib to go around.  The other expensive item that might get you to hit that $40 mark is the kobe beef sliders, but too bad they were dry and virtually tasteless.  The dessert station was small, with maybe about 12-15 different mini dessert options.  From what I remember, Bellagio KILLED in the dessert category!  Mandalay Bay's Bayside Buffet even had a larger selection.I will pass on The Wynn Buffet on ALL counts.  Big disappointment, at least for lunch - maybe the crab legs at dinner make this place more worth it.
4	We went here for dinner on Wednesday night, $35. Ambiance was really nice because we were seated in the front section, away from the buffet. There was a great variety of food, all looking very fresh and tasty. About half the items I tasted (and I tried to taste most of them) were very good, the rest were ok. My favorites were: veal short ribs, gnocchi, polenta, lamb T-bone, crepes, Bailey's panna cotta. I was not a big fan of crab legs - they were cold and not that tasty. I don't know if it was worth the price foodwise, but it was fun to try a buffet in Vegas.
5	Wynn Buffet FTW!!!! I'll sum it up with these few words:QUALITYDIVERSITYand QUANTITY. You can't beat the Wynn Buffet. The Rio and the Bellagio are very good but this one takes the cake. Oh man. I love it.
2	A friend and I ate here once for lunch, and were disappointed. We came with positive expectations since this and the Bellagio buffet seem to rate among the best buffets in Las Vegas. First, the plates weren't heated, so by the time you made an up- and- back circuit of the buffet stations and got back to your table, everything was lukewarm.  Second, the selections were too- how can I put it- too Hoity- toity for us. I know that probably isn't a real word. Ok, it was for a more sophisticated palate. Lobster ravioli, osso bucco, pizza with weird toppings, cold kobe sliders, etc. etc.  Steve, where's the Mexican food? The lasagna, the pizza with toppings a normal human would eat? I know, they're over at the Planet Hollywood, or the Mirage. Which by the way both had excellent buffets. So, if your palate is as highly refined as Chevron premium go for it and then run- don't walk- back to your table.
5	Hands down the best buffet in all of Vegas and I've been to them all countless times over the years.  The only other buffet that comes close is at the Bellagio, but the Wynn's is better.  Rio is great too, but the Wynn serves a considerably higher level of cuisine.Normal dinner is $35.95 and I saw that on Fri/Sat nights, dinner is $38.95.  I've had the dinner buffet here before and it was fantastic, but this time, I hit it for lunch and it was only $22.95.  The selection is not all that different from lunch to dinner and at that price, is just a few dollars more than a buffet at a place like Harrah's.  If you go for lunch, you can have the very best and it won't cost much at all, now that's true value.  Quality and selection-wise, there is just no comparison and with the exception of the Bellagio, nothing else comes close.I'm not even going to begin to describe all the incredible items that I saw and enjoyed.  One of my favorite regular items in their selection is the smoked salmon.  That's the first thing I go for every time.  Yikes, I must have eaten the price of admission in smoked salmon alone! :)  Even their dessert selection is downright astounding...all I can say is highly, highly recommended!If you do only one buffet in Vegas, this is the one.  When I die, heaven better look like this!  Long live the king.
5	You get your money's worth with the level of food served here.  King crab, prime rib, delicious assortment of desserts, wide variety of high end food.
4	I was really craving a "nice" dinner somewhere and my new Vegas friend and I decided to try out the buffet here since we heard good things from other people about it. Also I had gotten kicked out of the Wynn earlier in the day and it really made me want to walk around inside in a spiteful and evermorecurious manner. Downsides:-It will cost you upwards of $40 bucks for dinner.-Lots of nuts in food, but they have labels for food allergies! -After partaking of the lunch buffet at Paris, I felt the selections here weren't that different. -Only power outlet that I could find was in the bathroom. (You don't want to know. Or do you?)-King crab legs were still frozen :(-Sushi sucks, no sashimi at all unless you count the smoked salmon sitting on a tray in a different section.-Prime rib was better than the buffet at Paris and it was tender and more edible, but lacked flavor. Maybe I'm meat spoiled. Upsides:-Beautiful beautiful decor!-I got to try rabbit, which I can't remember if I've had before but I would like to say that I have. So let's say I got to resample rabbit. -Lots of choices.-Beautiful dessert selection.-We got to traumatize an older couple sitting next to us. Muhahaha.-Silverware and table settings are still in new condition. It sucks to eat somewhere that has ratty utensils. Just saying.-Our server was great with her timing. She would come by to clear plates and refill drinks without being gone too long, or checking up too frequently. Overall, it was great. I wish I could have eaten more and that I got to experience it without having buffet for lunch so I could have appreciated the food more instead of comparing.
5	Things started out great. We got charged the breakfast buffet price at 10:58 am. The lunch here is worth more than that. My boyfriend normally refuses to eat at a buffet with me, because I can't stuff enough down to make it "worth it." The Buffet at the Wynn is different, because for $20 in Vegas, one salad pretty much makes the whole thing worth while.I didn't go with just one salad though. I had quite the delicious sampling of tasty dishes. My favorites were the salads in the cute little glasses; the Thai Beef salad being my favorite. I also really enjoyed the duck salad, which was recommended by another Yelper. These salads don't just "take up room in your stomach", they are wonderfully seasoned and dressed perfectly.When it comes to hot food, my favorite was the little tiny cornbread with hot pulled bbq pork and cole slaw on top. It was friggin' delicious. I also really enjoyed the gnocchi with peas. The peas were really fresh tasting, and not at all mushy.The desserts here are crazy. It is not a "station" but indeed, an entire room. I had a tiny scoop of gelato with a really tasty wafer, and a little bit of the 8 or so desserts my boyfriend devoured. My favorite was the Bailey's Panna Cotta. Mmm!For $20 in Las Vegas, you really can't beat this. Even if you don't have a big appetite, the buffet is worth it because you can get what ever you want for less that the price of any comparable restaurant in Las Vegas.Only one complaint; they were really slow to get the dirty plates off tables. That's just gross. Take the dirty plates away. When your boyfriend can take down 6 plates of buffet food, these things start to stack up quickly.
5	My first Las Vegas buffet! This place is great. I never have been to a place like this before, so I was really excited. The food was ok, but FI & I loved the deserts. I can't wait to go back here again.
4	Used to come here for my Vegas buffet fix when visiting Sin City.  But now that I live here, I pretty much only come to buffets in casinos when out of town friends are visiting.What I love about this place:The dessert section has good selections of gelato (not as good as the ones I had in Italy, but it is still good).  The dessert selections are diverse (cookies, cakes, pies, mousses, decadent chocolates, etc).King crab legs - ask the cook/chef manning the grill to grill them off for you, it tastes way better that way. In fact that should be the proper way to serve previously cooked and chilled crustaceans.Selection and quality of items is good, and items are made in small batches, so you don't have unpopular items on the steam table too long, and getting that tired dried out and unappetizing look that you may find in some of the other casino buffet (like the ones in some Stations Casino operations).Service is usually good to excellent.  The wait was really long before, but the last two times I went, there was practically no line to get to the cashiers.Cons: it is pricey, but not the most expensive buffet in town.Would be cool to have better selections of sushi and rolls.Not practical for families with young children.
5	To paraphrase that great butch showoff of a poet Gertrude Stein, "a buffet is a buffet is a buffet."  I am torn between the Bellagio and the Wynn, but I will have to go with the Wynn due to the grand floral arrangements and elegant topiary.  The vaulted, skylighted ceiling gives the impression of sitting inside a conservatory.  The food options are insane - if you are a picky eater and still can't find something that you like, then you must be a real arsehole.  We got here at the tail-end of breakfast, paid the breakfast fee, and overstayed into lunch, eating some delicious prime rib, and nobody seemed to give a shit.  Simply excellent.
2	This place always came up when talking to people about where to go for lunch, so my expectations were high when we headed to the Wynn. We got in a couple of minutes before lunch prices kicked in, so we got the cheaper breakfast rate, which was a plus.The place is probably good compared to other buffets, but really why even go to one in the first place. None of the dished were very good. The pizza was bland, the ceviche fairly uninteresting, the kobe beef sliders disappointing. Sure, the roast beef was ok and there was a lot of food, but honestly if I had made any of those dishes at home, I would have been disappointed about the outcome, and I would definitely never serve it to someone else.Save your money and go to a real restaurant.
5	What's not to love about bottomless mimosa and spending 4 hours at brunch?!  Oh maybe the consistent top-off every 5 minutes or so and two of the four meals were comp'ed.  =DLove the spicy tuna hand roll and the ganache dessert!
4	I had my share of grub during my stay in Vegas, but this was the place I was most excited for. I last ate here near the beginning of the year for my birthday. A few things have changed with the buffet's menu. However, the line was still like waiting around for a ride in a theme park. No problem. I skipped out on the champagne because I was determined to go through at least 3 plates of food. The following are the items I enjoyed the most out of what I tried:- The salmon (Very moist. It's absolutely gross when it's dry and flaky.)- Spicy tuna hand rolls. (So good! I could barely get through two of them because my mouth was on fire.)- Seafood tart (Basically a mini crab omelet, yet it was a tasty little sucker.)- Shrimp cocktail (My main buffet staple. A trip to Vegas is not complete unless I have this.)- Parmigiano Reggiano cheese (I hear this mentioned a lot on Food Network. Now I know why. This can kick my container of Kraft parmesan cheese's butt any day.)- Kobe beef slider (As one of the girls in my party said, "It was orgasmic!" Yes, yes it was. Kobe burgers are just as good as their steak. But I'm more of a burger person, so this was right up my alley.)- And the last but definitely not the least *drumroll* dessert.The latter consisted of plastic shot glasses containing lime and raspberry mousse, tapioca pudding with mango and lychee, pear mousse, and cute little tea cups filled with panna cotta laced with Bailey's. I don't care how full I get at buffets, I will always ALWAYS  make room for dessert. Especially at The Buffet. I also put aside a snickerdoodle and a triple chocolate chip cookie for later. They were phe*nomnomnom*enal as well. 'Til next time TB! =D
2	For breakfast, this buffet is a bit over-priced ($18.95) and not really that good. Runny scrambled eggs, a long omelet line, all types of non-breakfast items for those who can't distinguish between day and night, plus really weak coffee. I tried the Cafe in the Wynn and was much happier.I'm afraid the House gets the best of you with this "sucker breakfast"
4	This was my first buffet in Vegas and it was pretty damn good. There was a huge variety of foods. Everything was amazing! Minus 1 star for waiting a long line and the mint chocolate mouse cake. It looks good but it tasted like wintergreen toothpaste. Actually... I think my toothpaste tasted better then that cake.
4	This has been my second time visiting the Wynn Buffet. Im not a big fan of buffet, but hands down to the Wynn! All the food options are amazing are very fresh. It is a tad expensive for dinner compared to other buffets, but in return it is definitely worth every penny. The dessert section is like heaven. I wished I had the stomach to try every single dessert.
4	After reading all the reviews on yelp, my husband and I opted for the Wynn Buffet. We arrived on Saturday at 2:30, waiting in line for approx 35 minutes. We came early as sugested by a previous yelper to get the breakfast prices. At 3:30 they started serving the crab legs. This buffet has to be the best I have ever had. I think my favorite was the fresh crepes and the green bean beef thing. Not much of a prime rib fan but my husband seemed to enjoy it. All in all, the food was very fresh and the lines were not lot at all. I hope that helps :)
2	Too expensive...And the wait was too long - 1 hour for lunch.Paid $37.However, the food was on the better side with a large variety and dessert choices even better.
5	Worth every penny, very good.  There is a wide selection of international food.......let me mention the dessert bar was extensive and quite impressive. two thumbs UP.
5	oh my gawd. i can't even begin to describe how awesome this place was. they had king crab legs that were already opened for you. like they cut them in half or something so you could just fork it out. their dessert was also really yummy. they had so many things to choose from.
4	The Wynn Buffet is the best buffet in the Vegas strip area when it comes to ambiance and food quality.This buffet serves dishes that you will rarely ever see anywhere else. Dishes such as lamb shank, osso bucco, gnocchi, veal & lobster cappellini. It's too bad I don't like lamb & don't believe in eating veal =/Must try dishes are definitely the prime rib & seafood pot pie. But none of the above matches up to the dessert selection at the Wynn. Definitely the best in town with my most FAVORITE DESSERTS: tiramisu, creme brulee, panna cotta, bread pudding w/ vanilla ice cream, & A FuREAKING CREPE STATION! Let's just say, me & the bf beat out about 3 other tables during our time there =) Like I said above, best buffet when it comes to food quality. Only second to the Rio because of its wider selection.P.S. for you penny pinchers such as myself, remember to come a bit before 3:30 pm, pay for lunch & stay for dinner. yay for sticking it to the man! lol
5	I took the fam - it was everyones first time (except me).. They all loved it. BEST buffet in Vegas!
4	Its freaking amazing. Unlimited king crab legs!!! Prime rib, lamb, everything you can think of, a ceviche bar, sushi, pizza, you name it its there, crepes they make for you on the fly, a huge dessert section, and all of it is very good, not your typical buffet. My only issue was the pricing. The Wynn really likes to ream you anyway they can even in this economy. I will post a Wynn Hotel review later. I would go here, but it is 40$ a person so prepare to spend a little for a buffet.
4	Still my favorite buffet in LV, regardless of the quality of food slowly diminishing before my eyes. It's honestly not as great as it used to be, but still hits the spot every single time.The Wynn rep lied to me when I asked if the lunch and dinner menu was the same. I asked for one specific item on the menu - CRAB LEGS, and she reassured me they carried them for lunch. Lies lies lies. Be still, my saddened little heart. Alaskan crab legs will have to wait until the next trip. :( Oh well, at least I saved about $10 by coming here for lunch on a Friday rather than dinner. All the other buffet foods were the same (except for dessert), so I just loaded up on prime rib, flank steak, mashed potatoes, and gnocci.  The key is to get here early for dinner or late for lunch to avoid the crazy lines. The best idea is to actually get here half an hour before dinner hits, pay the lunch price, and just wait until the crab legs come out. Saves you a bunch of money that you can throw down on the tables afterward and you'll beat the dinner rush.
5	Went for dinner before seeing Le Reve.My partner loves buffets so we've eaten at more than I can remember.This one is hands down the best we've ever had.  Beautiful eating space, which is a rarity in the buffet world.  Very elegant.Fantastic selections, all of it seemingly just prepared.  Again, a rarity in the buffet world.Dessert selections were by far the best I've ever seen.  And in nice small portions, so you could sample a bunch and not feel guilty if you found one you didn't like and didn't finish.Yes, it's expensive.  But it's definitely worth it.   Particularly once you figure out that many so-so buffets in Vegas aren't that much less expensive.The wait?  About five minutes, at 5:30 on a Thursday night.
4	Definitely the best buffet I've had in a while. The place was really well-done, with huge Willy Wonka flower/fruit arrangements all around. Cheery colors and everything looked spotlessly clean. Huge selection of buffet items and most of it was good enough for seconds..or thirds. Sea bass was actually well crusted and really flavorful, so probably one of the few few times I've liked fish at a buffet. I kept going back for the rack of lamb, which was nicely seasoned and cooked to a pink perfectness. Sushi was the only FAIL, but really, you can't expect good or even decent sushi from a buffet ever. I also really liked the crab legs. HUGE suckahs and they weren't too salty from the brining. Dessert aisles were amazing! Tiramisu was the highlight in a cute little glass, but the creme brulee and the caramel rice pudding (weird combo, but it somehow worked) were good also. Ice tea was really tasty, perfumey and refreshing. I kept thinking about it for the thirsty days we were in LV.Only drawback was that we were basically told to leave by the waitress since they needed our table for a big group, so dinging them for a star. We were definitely willing to do so, but she hung around and kept dropping not-so-subtle hints about how we should go have a good night...
3	Bigger is better.  Red meat.  White picket fence.  Value for the dollar.  Quantity over quality.  Underwater automobile companies.  Wall Street tycoons.  Quantity.  Did I say quantity?  Quantity.  Remind you of anything?  The American dream, folks.  And what better way to celebrate these ideals than to eat at a buffet.I'm not a big fan of buffets... I much prefer quality over quantity.  The Wynn is, however, considered to be one of the best buffets in Vegas, so we figured we'd give it a shot.The selection is amazing, and the dishes are pretty creative for a buffet.  The things that I remember eating:-pizza -- thin slices, greasy, pepperoni was bad.  Why waste the space in that belly, honestly.-veal shortribs -- fatty but melt in your mouth, pretty tasty, these were probably the best thing that I had.-lamb oso bucco -- tasty and tender, but there was a certain artificial flavor to it.-lamb chops -- I love lamb chops, one of my all time fave dishes, but the meat quality was quite mediocre.-tandoori bass -- I'm a huge fan of Indian food, but this was absolutely the most disgusting tandoori dish I have ever tasted in my life. bleh barf burp baaaaarf-prime rib -- was pretty tasty and properly cooked, nice and juicy, but again lacking that certain something in the flavor and tasted somewhat artificial (of course, come on, it's Vegas right???).  The creamy horseradish was unpalatable to say the least.-smoked salmon -- along with the veal shortrib, this was the highlight of the meal.  Not the best I've had by any stretch, but it was tasty and well executed.-shrimp -- well, they were shrimp.  With cocktail sauce.  Nuff said.-king crab legs -- I've never seen so many crab legs in one place at one time.  They brought in barrels (literally) to stock the buffet.  They were good, because they were crab (and I love crab), but the legs were incredibly salty, too much so for my taste.  But hey, dip them in butter, and I'll keep rolling.  Meh, overhyped.Then came time for the famed dessert buffet.  Wow, so many options, I don't even know where to start... so I grabbed a little bit of everything, you know how I roll ;)  Nothing was very good though... they were okay, but I didn't actually finish anything because it wasn't worth the calories.  Lemon mousse with meringue, chocolate chip cookie, bread pudding, peach pie... all were meh.  Some chocolate thing that my gf grabbed was pretty decent, but I'm not a big fan of chocolate so that didn't sell me.  The worst thing was the candied apple -- the glaze was so thick that it was like an apple dipped in a jolly rancher... time to break some teeth.  No thanks...If you think that this is a negative review, a) you should read some of my other reviews, and b) it's not.  It's an A-OK review.  My standards were lowered because it was a buffet, and therefore I'm going 3 stars... if this was a regular restaurant, they would have received a lower rating.  If you're going to eat at a buffet, this is about as good as it gets, but if I'm going to spend $40+ per person then I can think of quite a few other options where I would prefer to dine (even in Vegas).
4	The Buffet at the Wynn has a very good selection.  I am giving it 4 stars only because it is the best buffet I have had.  Not the best food, but many dishes were outstanding.   If it was a restaurant, I would give it 3 stars.The only thing I was disappointed in was the Sushi selection.  Other than that, everything else was delicious.  The crab legs were fresh, the Creme Brule was perfect.  Second best that I have had.The prime rib was cooked perfectly.  I also like the atmosphere, it was not the standard, "Pack them in" type of buffet.  The decor was very nice.If you are buffet fan, I would put this one at teh top of the list.
3	Compared to the wait we've endured to get into this place the food wasn't worth the agony.  My friend I paid $99.46 for two of us for the dinner buffet.  We went inside, I skipped the salads and the vegetable s**t, and went straight to the meat/crab/fish section.  The crab was too salty I couldn't bear to eat more than 4 crab legs.  I liked the prime rib and the lamb but nothing too impressive.  The desserts were terrible..  I just went there because of the popularity.  But now that I've witnessed it, I won't go back there again.  Two years ago, I've tried their breakfast buffet as well and I had the same feeling.  So overall.. buffet at the Wynn and I don't really get along!
4	OK, I'm not usually one to give a thumbs up to anything ending in "buffet". So yes, that includes you Jimmy. Typically, I envision long lines of fat people slowly herding their way through some stoffers-a-riffic cuisine. However, this buffet was different. It started with the 20-30 foot tall fresh fruit sculptures that were meticulously manicured. I dunno...something about a 2 foot diameter banana sphere 30 feet in the air is just awesome. This sight was then seconded by the mere $7 addition for all you could drink bubbly + bloodys for brunch. Did it make us stay there for a total of 2 hours and drink way too much at brunch? Yes. That brings me to another point though - the wait staff was perfectly content to let us sit there for 2 hours and drink their quasi-free booze. We were never once hustled out of our seats...another vegas buffet oddity. The food at the buffet? Not too bad...massive selection, and *slab bacon* bitches! In general, better than average buffet food. Amazing dessert bar. I left stuffed, drunk, and still hating the sound of Steve Wynn's chocolate-y voice on his website, but loving the taste of his chocolate in my mouth (and yes...thats what she said).
3	Had really high hopes for the Buffet at the Wynn. I wanted to be able to give it 5 stars, but gave it only 3 due to the ridiculously long line for dinner at 5pm in the afternoon and the mediocre selection of food (specifically fresh sea food). We went the day after Thanksgiving and were still forced to pay for the "Thanksgiving" meal, which is apparently different from the normal buffet because it had a turkey. Meh.I'd have to say though, the selection of desserts was fantastic. Presentation here was magnificent, but when I go to a buffet, I go for the food. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if it were cheaper or if the line to get into the buffet didn't feel like I was in line for a ride at Disneyland.
4	I can say that this was the most amazing buffet I've ever been visited. The food wasn't amazing but the selection and presentation was awesome!  Unfortunately, the King Crabs were legs were very bland and cold and a lot of their seafood didn't taste fresh. Salad area was mega huge! Chinese food section was actually pretty good as actual chefs will cook in front of you for your order of noodles, soups, stir frys. The dessert area will blow you away!!! The coconut ice cream with almond shavings was HEAVENLY!!!!
3	My husband and I went to eat here in hopes of eating an "oh-my-goodness-that-was-the-best-I-ate-so-much-I'm-going-cross-eyed" type of buffet. But, I was still seeing straight after we left. I knew that wasn't the best sign. That and the fact that I even asked my husband what he thought of it. I know when I do that, I don't really like the place and want to get his opinion, in case I'm having an off taste day. But, sad to say, he agreed with me. Let's just say, save $10 and go to the Bellagio buffet instead. (+)Decor was goodBathrooms were cleanMost of the service was good(-) Not a huge variety of foodTaste of food was just okayI know it's more + than -, but let's get it straight - we all go to the buffet for the food. And when I think Vegas buffet, I think lots and lots of food. Totally not FTWynn..... :(
4	Very posh for a buffet! The real/synthetic ostrich skin material covering the walls/seats/benches of this buffet is really over the top. All the surfaces are clean-very refreshing for a buffet.Looks like the trick for all these buffets are to arrive at the meal switchovers so that you can get lunch/dinner menus at the lower lunch price. We waited a solid 1.5 hours for dinner but it was worth the wait.I was surprised that the variety of food selections wasn't mind blowing, but rather each item seemed to be pretty high quality. The prime rib was excellent. And of course can't forget to mention the crab legs. This is where you can try to make up the cost of entry, which was $98 for two. Also make sure to save room for dessert!!!!quick sum: great quality buffet but pretty pricey. worth trying at least once!
3	I like Kevin's review about a 'no Wynn' situation and I can't agree more. This place looks very nice and carries a nice price tag as well. For almost $30/person on weekends before tax and tip, you can enjoy an all you can eat champagne lunch. So you're expecting some big meats and seafood or at least some specialty right? Well you might be in for a surprise. Overall it wasn't like the food was bad, but it just didn't live up to the expectation or its hefty price tag. For $25.99 you can have the same champagne brunch at the Paris buffet with far more variety and the only downside being un-peeled but very easily peeled shrimp. The Wynn had large tiger prawns for their cocktail shrimp, peeled of course, and prime rib but I was expecting some crab legs or more delightful meats. The only thing I really walked away with was a lack of appetizing food variety and lots of alcohol. Not really how I wanted to enjoy my buffet. I  think for the price there are better places out there no matter what kind of buffet food you're into.
5	Buffet time! I said Buffet time!I was here for both breakfast and dinner. And my inner fat kid came out, oh hellz yeah she did, she came out and went for a 2nd and third plate, and let's not forget dessert!Breakfast, is pretty damn good. They basically have a HUGE selection. I mean huge, you won't get bored. Everything for everyone is here. so eat up. Damn their HUGE dessert section. They have candied apples! My fat inner kid went crazy here! And yes they have sugar free desserts as well. Not that my inner fat kid noticed.For dinner the thing that I liked best was that they cut in half the snow crab legs for you! Yes! All you have to do is use your fork, stab the meat, yank it out and eat it!  True laziness. And they have ceviche! octopus ceviche! they had rabbit pasta! I think i ate enough lamb there in all these different forms, leg of lamb, t-bone lamb, lamb chops that i may turn into one and run off with the flock and bo peep!I went during the weekday so prices weren't as crazy as people complain about during the weekend. Also when you check into your hotel, they usually give you coupons to buffets, or pick up those free vegas magazines that have coupons. be sure to wear your stretchy pants.
3	It must be hard to be so dearly loved, because you can NEVER live up to the hype. Sorry, Wynn Buffet--you disappointed me. It could be because it was the third Big Vegas meal I had in three days. Here are the highlights: 1) Desserts are definitely the strong suit at the Wynn. If that's your bag, save room. Better yet, start in the dessert room and work your way out. 2) Prime rib, I'll admit, was huge and good. However, the old server guy who carved it didn't like that I took the au jus from the fuller well in front of me, and chastised me for it. What's up with that?3) The husband loved the sea bass and the tandoori salmon (shoulder shrug).Now the lowlights:1)What happened to having sushi or sashimi at Vegas buffets? Neither Mandalay nor Wynn had more than a single platter of mushy-riced/ soft-seaweed product. Bleh. 2) People who load up on those crab legs must not know what crab legs should taste like: like CRAB not like eating SALT.I think if you want the Fancy Reputation, you're going to have to kick it up a few degrees past the Mandalay buffet, which I got 2-for-1 because we stayed there. Okay, done. No, wait, one more. PS, all those big floral / fruit arrangements: all fake. Confirmed by the hostess.
4	I went here years ago - was not impressed. On this last trip to Vegas, work was paying so I thought I'd give them a second change. Boy was I glad that I did! There was an amazing amount of food and all of it was good. Everything was at the appropriate temperature. The service was good. It reallyk did live up to the above average cost of the meal.Kudo's on improving your buffet Mr Wynn.
4	"Classy" and "buffet" usually don't go together, but the Wynn nails it: their buffet is the best dinner buffet on the Strip I've had thus far. It ought to be, for the price ($40).Stations represent different "ethnic" foods, your typical Indian, typical Chinese, some Thai. The salad bar was fresh and inventive. The lamb was amazingly moist, the highlight of the meat offerings. The charcuterie was an unexpected treat, little pickles and all, and the dessert area impressed me, even without a sweet tooth. Of course, king crab legs never disappoint.Friends and I decided to celebrate a birthday here, so after we let our server know, we were provided a dessert assortment, complete with candle, while waiters sang "Happy Birthday". Thoughtful!The buffet has a ton of seating, and you don't feel like you're on a farm thanks to strategically-placed partitions which provide a sense of privacy. The ambiance is money - one should expect nothing less from the Wynn.
5	OMG!!! I have died and gone to buffet heaven.  This was a pure treat for me.  Everything I ate here that night was pure heaven!  I loved the variety of the entree selections.  I loved the polenta (usually not a fan).  I could go on and on about the crab.  The desserts were top notch.  I especially loved the cheeses. We also drank some righteous sangria with our dinner.  All in all it was HEAVEN (for $160 for 4).  Loved everything, just wish I wasn't so fat....
5	Went here for brunch and I wouldn't mind going back for dinner!OMG..  orgasm in my mouth for 40/pp. Yes .. this is the most I've ever spent on a buffet .. and granted I don't even consume that much food to warrant a buffet visit. BUT, go big or go home right?? Right. The food was delicious and presentation was gorgeous as well. Even the staff were super friendly, making small talks with you while they're putting the food out onto the plates.
3	Checked this place out on a weeknight at 6:00 PM, there was a little wait as expected, not a problem.  However, why was seating the guests a mess!  We pay, stand by the actual hostess stand for like another 10-15 minutes.  I don't get it.  Is it that hard to sit down customers?  They have a few hostesses go back and forth to sit down the guests.  At one point, there were three hostesses standing around.  Some how, this system has to change.Now for the food.  As we goto our table, we pass by the buffet line.  I was looking forward to this as I was reading this was the place to be vs the one at the Bellagio.  Tons of food out, all sorts of ethnicities and flavors going on.  So we get to our table and I had right over to the sushi and seafood booth.  Sadly enough, their sushi selection was poor.  They had four types of rolls out and that's about it.  Nothing special at all.  As we turn the corner, I was pleased to see a huge tray of shrimp cocktail.  The shrimp was not over done, served cold, and done just right.  Right next to this were the king crab legs, wow.  They are already split in half and all you have to do is pull out the meat.  Great stuff here, couldn't complain, although it would have been nice if it was served warm, but whatever.So after devouring the crab legs and shrimp, I decide to explore a little.  I walk down to the other end and find some veal short ribs, which were only OK, picked up a piece of their seabass, which was awesome, and kept browsing around for more.  When I mean "more," I thought there would be a better selection of meats and other seafood, but no.  They had a rib roast sitting out, which I got and was decent.  Next to it was a turkey, which they carve for you there.  A colleague of mine got a "slice."  What I mean is they got a thick slice, who slices turkey, especially white meat at about 1/2" thick???  So again, the food selection wasn't what I had expected.  I want to mention though that the Chinese section had some sweet and sour shrimp, which was very good, not your ordinary "joe blow" Chinese lunch box style shrimp.The desserts were all pretty decent.  Nothing spectacular.  They are all small bites, so I suggest you try them all.  Of the batch I got, I have to say the creme brulee was my favorite, but not at all the best I've had.  The crepes were a huge disappointment.  I got the apple one and it was nearly raw granny smith apples.  I don't like a tart tasting crepe, sorry.  Service was decent, servers came by and picked up your empty plates and our waiter came around to refill our drinks.  Nothing to complain about here.Overall, the decor of this place is great and the Wynn did a good job keeping the buffet tables clean and you know you're going to eat some decent quality food.  However, the food selection was not there for me.  The price paid was fine, but I had expected more at the Wynn.  Would I go back?  More than likely, no.
4	Typically, I don't have a pleasant dining experience whenever I visit buffets.  Aside from not being able to eat my money's worth, I generally don't deem buffet food as superb and fresh.  The buffet at the Wynn, on the other hand, was rather enjoyable.  Yes, just as other reviewers have confessed, I stuffed myself perhaps a bit too much, slipping into a food coma or post-meal narcolepsy.  Despite such crime against the pancreas/liver (with a minimum of 1000 calories in fat and carbs), I must say the food was delicious.  The prime rib and the king crab legs were my favorite. The dessert bar was a sweet tooth's absolute heaven (or haven).  Their creme brulee was by far my favorite, and I believe I went through 4 of them just to crack the top and eat the crispy, caramelized sugar.  After about 2 hours, it was time to call it off, and we sluggishly waddled our way out.  Next time, a prophylactic cocktail of a PPI, a statin (and maybe even a fibrate), and insulin would be a wise choice.
4	It pains me to say this but I think the Wynn Buffet is a little too fancy for my tastes.I'm not necessarily a high maintenance chick or anything but I like to think that I can appreciate the good things in life.   I guess the Wynn Buffet is just a smidge of out my league.  Don't get me wrong---I went, I ate, and I enjoyed but some of the dishes were a little too frou frou.  Like the venison or the seafood pot pie or the tiny salads in their individual little cups.  Maybe it's just me but they didn't taste anywhere near as great as they looked. Now, I DID very much enjoy the crab legs but to be honest you can get that at a bunch of other Vegas buffets.  Also, is it just me or does the Wynn Buffet seem to attract the trashiest Asian people?  (hey, don't get all crazy on me now, I'm Asian too!)  They seem to think that they're not getting their money's worth unless they load up on the crab legs like there ain't no tomorrow.  And the worst part is, they inspect each and every individual crab leg before they put it on their plate without giving a SH*T that there's a mile long line behind them.  Embarrassing as hell.
5	hands down - BEST buffet in Vegas! :)The selection and quality of food really surpasses the other mediocre buffets. The selection is so vast that you can't taste everything there - so choose wisely! The best thing is that you can sample all types of foods from just ONE buffet. I tried so many things that I've been meaning to try from one trip to Wynn! Kobe beef sliders, cerviches, indian curry, smoked trout, korean kimchi, mexican salsa/guac, sushi, greek salads, brie, salami, pancakes, french toast, etc etc.. and thier dessert selection was immense!The service is superb. You ask for hot tea, and you get a whole array of tea bags and honey to choose form. Order a coffee, you get a whole pot to yourself. You can have salads tossed for you and ice-cream dishes made for you on demand. Go for lunch! Prices are decent~ 24 with tax.. and the food you get is very similar to dinner (may be w/o crab legs)
5	i think this one surpasses the venerable Bellagio Buffet.  if you want to save $$$  on dinner,  just go  before 3:30pm and you pay $22 lunch price...and don't forget to bring a book to read in between crab leg runs, like Tolstoy's "War & Peace".  haha!
4	Came here on a Sunday for dinner, each person was $34.95.  With all the food being served, it was well worth the price.  I love coming to this buffet because everything is also kept super clean.  I always see the chefs behind the counts wiping down the trays and counters from the mess we make while serving ourselves.  They have a wide variety from sushi, seafood, the grill to Italian. Everything here is very tasty and great. I always judge the buffets by their shrimp cocktail since that's always my favorite thing to go for... and they always have jumbo, clean and perfectly cooked shrimp ready. This is the place for some perfect hunger filling up to do. My one complaint, the people working the front counter taking your money, they're always so moody and rude.
3	The buffet at the Wynn didn't excite me as much as I wanted.  I went there for lunch after reading the list of food selections posted on a sign at the entrance.  Everything seemed to sound better than it tasted, and nothing really stood out as spectacular or memorable.I started out pretty lightly taking just three items (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=5jI7M5Be86FJFVm9Aeis-g), and I only enjoyed one.  That's approximately what I experienced throughout the meal, for every one item I liked there were always two that I didn't like.  The Kobe beef slider looked great, but the patty was ice cold when I bit into it.  The potstickers had big chunks of inedible pork fat.  The roasted strip loin was very good.  The slice I had was slightly overcooked for my preference, but it was tender, juicy and had good beef flavor.The beef flank steak was also good.  Sliced thick with a sweet marinade, most of the cuts were overcooked by sitting under the heat lamp, but it had good flavor.  I love fish, but the fish here was awful.  The sea bass was not fresh and crumbled instead of flaked.  The grilled salmon was only partially cooked as I could see and taste the frozen core within.  The red snapper tasted bland.I did find a pasta dish to my liking.  The Pappadella had flat noodles in a creamy tomato sauce and was laden with big chunks of shrimp.  On the other hand the lump crab mac 'n' cheese was creamy and cheesy but what little crab meat was already picked off.  The pizza tasted like crap I can buy at Sbarro and the sushi simply isn't worth mentioning.  I tried more than half of what was offered, and when nothing really wowed me I moved along to the desserts.The decadent Oreo Mousse Cake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=-fSEZvHdYCxfipPsAjtONg) was very chocolately, very rich and very sweet even for my chocoholic taste.  I love mint and I tried the Mint Chocolate Mousse (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=xtPuLkTf4GfltHy12Mpsow).  The mint mousse was thick and gummy, but the bottom layer of chocolate cake was very moist.  It was very much like eating toothpaste on top of chocolate cake!The Blueberry Tart (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=9cExiCHnu3lfOCwVZwt7EQ) was good.  It was very light and not too sweet with a citrus mousse on top of thin shortbread and a light film of blueberry jam in between.  I liked the Tapioca Pearl Mousse with Mango and Lychee (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=9cnd5txt44wiE2US_S8oUw) also.  Soft mini tapioca balls are folded into a light mousse and layered over a mango flavored gelatin with a strip of lychee fruit inside.  I liked the Lime Mousse with Raspberry Gelle (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=wPy6KDF48APMGm3faAecJw) also, but more so because it was tart.  There is a small piece of sponge cake sandwiched in between the tart lime mousse and the sour raspberry gelatin.If the only differences between lunch and dinner are the price and the frozen crab legs I think I'll pass on The Buffet at The Wynn.
4	Of course its expensive!!! Duh, what was I thinking... It's the WYNN for goodness sakes! My family was feeling spontaneous, packed a few things and headed Vegas in the pouring rain on sat evening! Since our trip was pretty last minute, we really only had half a day to spend in Vegas, but we still made time for one buffet so we chose to eat at the Wynn for lunch. While standing in line I told my dad i heard really good things about the buffet so he started to wonder how much it was going to be per person. My cheap dad thought it was only gonna be 18 bucks for lunch! ha ha But I knew better, so after i told him my guess, he said "LETS GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!" of course we convinced him to stay! And boy was he glad he did! The Wynn buffet has such a huge selection of food. They had sea food, sushi, Asian food with a congee station, omelets made especially for you, pasta's, soul food, different kids of cheeses, bagels, breads, BBQ hen, prime rib, waffles, pancakes, parfaits, soups/salads/fruits, Mexican food, Italian food...u name it, they had it! Oh and did i forget to mention their dessert?? They had a ton of different things there, felt like a kid in a candy store! the dessert selection alone is worth the $30+ bucks /per person. Oh...I do have to say one thing though, pass on the candied apple, it 's really just for looks, the candy coating is a pretty red color but tastes disgusting! It's impossible to eat too, i almost hurt myself trying to get a bite of that apple! Other than that, everything was amazing, even their unsweetened ice tea was the best i've ever had!! (i know, its probably all in my head..o well) Oh yea, can't forget to mention we had the nicest server/bus boy =)
3	got food poisoning last time i went...... but food variety was decent
5	WOWZERS!!!!  I heart this buffet.  We had our 1st visit to this buffet on a Saturday morning when everything was being served.  If you wanted it, I sure you could have found it.  It was about $35 per person (including tax) which was very reasonable considering the amount of food, the quality (not usually something associated with buffet food) and the selection they offered.  I'm a vegetarian and had no problem finding enough to go back for 2nds, 3rds, and 4ths. No joke. Yes, I was stuffed after leaving.  That's what buffets are all about....right?  We went back on Monday morning before beginning our trek back home. Only $20 per person and no wait at all.  It was good and offered a lot of the some choices, but if you're going to go, deal with the wait and ante up the additional $15 for the weekend buffet and thank me later.
4	Ditto to all the lovers of this buffet.  So much to choose from and it's all pretty high quality; however, am I the only one to notice you can't eat much?  I'm essentially a bottomless pit but for some reason couldn't go the distance here.  Minus one star for possibly pumping the food with appetite suppression :)
5	1. It's the in the Wynn2. The decor is so CUTESY! I love how whimsical things are, I've already decided to have my wedding look like that.3. RACK OF LAMB? WTF AWESOME4. HELLA CHOICES OF CHEESE?! EVEN BETTERI honestly thought this was the best buffet I ever went to in Vegas. I have yet to try Carnival but from what I heard it's the same, but I mean, the Wynn is on the strip while you have to drive/taxi it up to the Rio? SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO TO THE WYNN.Note: Go at 3PM so you'll get Dinner at Lunch price because they'll start to switch out foods. :) I know my party did that and I think we stayed there for like 3 hours? Woot
5	Well, this was as good as advertised!  It now has supplanted The Bellagio as best buffet in Vegas in my book!  The seafood selection at dinner may not be quite as much as the Bellagio, but what they have (alaskan king crab legs, jumbo shrimp cocktail, 4 different kinds of ceviche, etc.) they do extremely well. They also had the standard roasted meats (prime rib, lamb chops) that were pretty good.  i was even impressed with some of the chinese dumplings they had.    Make sure you save some room for dessert as well.  For the most part, they are all good.  I should know, I literally tried 12 to 14 of them!  Overall, an excellent experience!  I'll be back for more!!!
5	Best Buffet in Vegas, bar none!  Over the years, I've tried 'em all, from the Rio (meh) to the MGM (ok) to the Bellagio (pricey but lots of seafood items).  I've also tried the Mirage's buffet (delicious, a close runner up) and the buffet at Paris (very good, but food preparation could be better).  But the buffet at the Wynn sets the standard.  First, it's a bit pricey (I paid $42 for dinner on Saturday).  Lunch on weekdays is around $24, more like it.  The buffet is enormous.  Probably something like the size of a football field.  There are so many different types of food, you really don't know where to start.  Oh, and the food has been well prepared, but trained chefs who know how to create delicious meals.  I think the desserts are on par with some of the finest restaurants in town.  Truly, I think this buffet is about the best value in town, and everyone in your party will leave with a smile on their face and a very full belly!  Something for everyone to eat here, even for the finikiest of eaters!
5	Ate there after looking for breakfast food for an hour.  had the brunch on a Saturday.  iT was about 1:30 when i got there.  i started by trying to eat at Zoozacrackers but they were no longer serving breakfast.  the line wasn't too bad, about 10 minutes.  once inside, the buffet was solid.  really deserves between a 4 and 5 starts, but there's no option for that, so i'll give it five.  the food was broken up into stations.  there was seafood, italian, asian, dessert, pizza, american, salad, and charcuterie / cheese.since it was brunch there was also an omelet station and a congee station.  the carving station had a slab of honey mustard basted bacon that they were cutting to order and a prime rib.  i had a breakfast plate to start: scrambled eggs, bacon, bread, cheddar cheese and a bagel lox combo.  then i went back and got lunch stuff: a kobe beef burger, pulled pork, pad thai, spring roll, and a few sides.  the service was no very quick to come with my drink but in fairness i didn't wait for them before going to the buffet.  they only found me my second time back at the table though, which i wasn't super pleased with.  regardless, the food was good/great, fresh and mostly made in front of you, and at 31.95 w/out champagne a good value.
4	I think I went on a Friday for dinner. Cost me about $42 bucks and honestly, I think it was worth it. They have an array of different foods there from seafood to Asian to traditional American. They have a lot of great things! In the seafood section (as many others have remarked), they have king crab legs for dinner. They are fresh and extremely sweet so if that is all you're going for, this is a great deal for your money IMHO. They also have several types of Dim Sum which was great for me as I haven't had good Dim Sum for a almost a year now. They had prime rib the night I was there and a fantastic collection of cheese!Now, don't miss the desserts. They are located in a completely different section. They have an array of different sweets including ice cream, make your own crepes, bread pudding and fresh cookies. My biggest mistake was eating a late lunch. Make sure you go hungry and you can easily get your money's worth of food!
3	I totally forgot that I had been here.  It wasn't until I waited in a 45 minute line that I realized this would be my second time at the Wynn buffet.  I had been here prior and I my review would not change.  I would have to say that the selection and quality at the Bellagio Buffet is still better.  The varying selection at the Bellagio buffet seems to be more to my liking.  The selection of meats, seafood, vegetables, desserts are sub par.I had to go for the crab legs just to try and amount up to the entrance fee for the buffet itself.  It took a while, needless to say, I failed and my cholesterol levels was off the charts.
4	if there were two brunch places in vegas i would recommend, they would be paris and wynn. been to the wynn buffet multiple times, for breakfast, brunch, and dinner. i had a great time every time!
4	$35 per person for brunch (excluding champagne).  Great variety and mostly delicious.Best items were:- cocktail shrimp: large enough, fresh and sweet, came with cocktail sauce and tartar sauce- baby, one-bite mandarin oranges: easy to peel and sweet- prime rib: juicy and tasty especially with the fixings (jus and horseradish)- pad thai: lots of shrimp- congee bar: rarely see this at non-chinese buffets- creamy tomato penneOverall, I enjoyed the decor in here, brighter, more festive and cheerful compared to the Bellagio's buffet area.  Food was decent in my opinion since I'm a sucker for good cocktail shrimp.
5	Wynn buffet was just amazing! Before this experience we also had buffet at Bellagio (brunch) and La Village at Paris. I would give 4 stars to first and 2 to second. Wynn had many stations filled with delicious food. Lots of seafood, many kinds of sauces, sushi bar and several kinds of ceviche. The dessert menu is hard to describe simply because there no words for such an amazing things. They make their own ice cream - one of the best I ever had. The staff is very attentive and the waiters are always available and friendly - this is a huge difference from Bellagio and Paris. There were so much food that I could not try half of it. The only downside that we went there week of Christmas and instead of expected $25 we paid $36 per person because of holidays status.
4	I'm usually not a huge fan of buffets but this one, is fantastic! It's one of my absolute favorites on the strip. There is so much to choose from! I suggest coming here for dinner, although their breakfast/brunch isn't a bad choice either. XD The food here isn't anything like some lousy buffet with food just sitting there for a day or two. You can actually taste the freshness of the food when taking a mouthful of pasta or salad or fish or sushi. mmmmm, just writing about this place makes me hungry! Now for the part about the dessert, AGHHH! Can this place get any better!? I mean c'monnnnn! THEY HAVE CANDIED APPLES HERE. (not that i like them) but just the fact that they have them! It's amazing. It really is. I don't want to write on and on.Long story short, You need to come here. NEED!
4	I totally was impressed by this buffet  for the price , after eating the day before at The Monte Carlo Buffet  which was disgusting, we wanted the real experience. This buffet met the challenge. Not only is it beautiful to look at , I am always a sucker for great decor, the food , layout and service complimented the whole deal. Our meal included Great Prime Rib,  A larger pastry assortment with well thought out treats, such as small espresso cups of Pot au Chocolate, my fav,  Bread pudding, profiteroles , cakes, puddings and  pretty candied apples.  The areas of the buffet had well seasoned fishes, shrimp cocktail , fruit that was fresh and ripe, lots of sides that looked good but I wanted meat, sweets and such.The waiter was spot on , constantly clearing , refilling  and courteous. I was amazed that the line looked huge going in but wasn't very long of a wait. I highly recommend The Buffet at Wynn.
3	We ate here twice for breakfast and the food and value were truly outstanding. A nice selection of seafood, sausage, bacon, rolls, pancakes, waffles, etc and more exotic breakfast fare like crab cakes and enchiladas. The food taste and quality varied from "hmm, not bad at all" to "WOW! That's great" Alas, our first visit was marred by vacant service, to the point my honey had to fetch water herself from a bus station. Also, observed a bus boy fling a wet rag across the room to another bus boy, (who looked shocked and embarrassed) Getting coffee took hand singles and a flare gun. Its just odd that such a great property as the Wynn has such big blemishes at times. Its like walking down the Yellow Brick Road and stepping in pot holes.
5	celebrating Christmas w/ family in vegas - we just simply can't pass buffets. Of course we came to The Buffet at the Wynn.despite the long line and wait for the food.. my family and i still enjoyed our meal here. The food was good and the service was great. The pastry chef was awesome! he was so much fun to talk to .. gave me fresh strawberries for my crepe instead of the frozen kinds. mmm alaskan king crab legs.. okay i wish i can just go back to vegas right now and not have to work.. *sighs*this is still my all time favorite buffet in vegas.
1	I really don't understand why all these people give "5-starts" for this Buffet.  Is there something wrong with me???My girlfriend and I went there on Dec. 26th for the dinner.  The food is just horrible!!!!!  Not worth the price ($48.95 per person, about $53 after tax) AT ALL!!!!First of all the wait is long, we waited 3 hours (from 6pm) I guess if you go there earlier then it will be faster.  The staff there told me someone waited for over 4 hours.  So we figure this place must be good, it must be worth the wait.  What a huge mistake...The food, where do I start? I'll do my best to break it down:-King crab leg: C, super salty, btw there is a line just for that too.-Prime ribs: D-, no taste whatsoever, (Lawry's is much better).-Lamb chop: F, no taste plus 80% of the surface is burned, can't taste the meat at all.-Lobster Bisque Soup: F, (is it possible to give a Z-?) anyway, it taste like cold medicine that has been heated in a microwave.-Smoke Salmon: B+, decent, this is the only one that it good.-Wild bore chop: F, just like lamb chop in fact they look just like each other, also no taste and burned.-Salad bar: A, fresh veggies, but come on, who will pay $53 for some salad bar??-Deserts: C-, they are looks great, but taste... yikes!-Fruits: C, they ONLY have melons....-Coke: A, very good, taste just like the real thing, I had 3 glasses, how sad is that?So in conclusion, I'm sorry but this place is definitely a NO for me.  That's the worth $100 meal that I have every paid for.  HUGE disappointment! Personally I think Bellagio's Buffet is much better and it's only $38 per person.
5	This is the 3rd time eating here for me...and I have two words to describe it "AWE SOME."  Yes, we had to wait 2 hours to get in...but this was the first time I have ever waited even a few minutes...to see people complain about the buffet lines during the winter vacation makes me think that they are also the same people that grumble that there are so many people at the mall the day after thanksgiving.  Certain things are a fact of life, and if you want something great exactly when you want it, there's always a price to pay.The food here is excellent, and though I don't go around trying to eat everything, here's what i've found to be top notch each time i have been there:1) King Crab Legs.  If you go for any other reason, you are missing the whole point.  Yes there is a short line for the crab...please refer to above for a redundant explanation.2) Veal Short Ribs.  Not gamey at all, cooked to perfection on the bone to maximize the taste...and yes, it's okay to eat the fat with it...yum!3) Baked/Poached/Grilled/Seared Seafood selection.  This time it was seabass and salmon...last time it was halibut...small portion sizes for the fish make it a great hot compliment to the crab legs.4) Dessert.  If you don't save room for the desserts, you have managed to miss the second most important point of the buffet.  From fruit tart-ish treats, to creme brulee, to oreo cake, to crepes, to grasshopper pie, to pretty much whatever you want.  It's there...trust me...it's there.Go in strong or go home...this is the best buffet in Vegas...hands down!Happy Eating!
4	Went to the Wynn buffet for a late lunch with the bf and his family. We were starving by the time we got to the front of the line. We gorged on rice porridge (Asian style) with preserved egg and youtiao, bacon, ham and cheese, cornbread, mixed greens, brunch items, ceviche, lettuce wrap, etc. We coincidentally stayed through 3:30 where they switch to dinner almost instantly. We managed to get some crab legs and ribs (which I heard was really good but I was too full to try it out). I had some melons and a mint cake for dessert. The food was heavenly and I can see why it's the place to go. Might be the best buffet I've ever had.
1	I don't mind waiting in line for couple hours as long as the food is worth the wait.  In fact the staffs are very nice they even gives out bottle waters for people in line.But the food is NOT worth the $50 per person and the time, you'll waste between 4 to 5 hours for some sub-par, overpriced foods, that's ridiculous!!  Personally I DO NOT recommend this place to anyone.  Unless you are a high roller at Wynn, you can eat for free and walk straight in.  These are just my personal options.
5	this is the place where i want to eat if i only have less than 24 hours to live.almost everything you take is just delicious, especially the king crab leg.unfortunately, their sushi sucks. literally taken from supermarket's deli sushi.until today, i have no idea how much does it cost to eat here, because the price tag said $37 but afair, i paid around 50 dollars per person before tip to eat here. it's still worth it though
2	I was so excited to try the dinner buffet at the Wynn.  I've had lunch there before and it was great.  We waited in line for a little over an hour but i figured it would be well worth the wait.  Everyone at the Wynn is super friendly and the customer service is excellent.  However, the food at the buffet was average for the most part and some even below average.  The seafood was good.  Crab legs and shrimp were great.  Had some sea bass that was totally over cooked and dry, there was no fresh fruit, only turkey and roast beef available.  Never been to a buffet without prime rib.  Asian food was completely horrible.  They had dim sum that was soggy and cold.  Money is better spent at another place
5	Still youda youda best! Best I ever had. I have yet to meet a Buffet as good as here. Still the same delicious king crab legs and rare prime rib with kick ass horseradish! The only problem is the price, it keeps going up and up dinner for 2 $92! But I have a generous hubby so we ate to our hearts content! I also loved all the new dessert items, the tapioca with mango mousse, to die for. I also loved the cinnamon pumpkin cake, wowza. I forever love this place. Happy New Year!P.S.  Didn't care for the ice tea, tropical flavor, I'm a plain girl!!
2	Four stars, really? Did we go to the same buffet? I paid $46 for the "Holiday Weekday Special" and waited 2 hours for a shockingly small selection of food. What a rip. If you read the reviews, everyone mentions the king crab legs and the prime rib, because YES, that's basically everything they have to offer. I would only come here if you are a really, really, REALLY big fan of both (and can eat $46 worth. and deal with waiting 2 hours in line.)I would say that despite the small selection, the quality of the crab legs, prime rib, and grilled/poached fish selections were good. But where was the rack of lamb? the raw bar? anything else I would associate with a buffet? When you walk around, the space is decently sized, but when you look at the counterspace, nothing is actually there!! Basically, I felt that they took every large section of a buffet (meat, seafood, sushi, cheese) and condensed it to a few selections.At the very least, I was looking forward to the desserts. I absolutely  love dessert displays. At Jean-Phillipe Patisserie in the Aria, I was salivating at the counter, lusting after their gorgeous desserts. Not so at the Wynn Buffet. I picked up a creme brulee and a crepe because nothing else looked appealing but did not finish either. In fact, the crepe kind of made me angry! The skin was brittle and lacked the heady aroma of ANY crepe I've had before (including my own!) And well, don't get me started on that 'filling'. My friends, who tried a wider selection of the desserts, were equally unimpressed (though perhaps less angry than me). Best thing about my meal was the white sangria, which cost me $5, bringing my total meal to $60. Don't bother because you can eat at a Michelin-starred restaurant at the same price range.
4	This was the buffet that everyone said was the best in Vegas so I had to try it. It lived up to the hype...I was impressed with the variety of cuisines. There were many dishes I had never tried before.The crab leg line was ridiculously long and people were putting like 20 legs on their plate at a time (people you can get back in line when you want more).I'd say stay away from the sushi, it wasn't very good...The line is long for this $50 a head buffet, so give yourself at least 2 -3 hours to go to work. It's worth trying at least once.Bring your appetite & do work!
2	What could top the Bellagio? Wynn right?Eek! Methinks not. Was there for Brunch/Dinner.37 per person on a weekday for brunch? Strike one.(before anyone asks, it was a few days before christmas so the prices were inflated - Holiday weekday brunch)So, what was the seasonal awesomeness that bumped up the price?Pumpkin ravioli? Super sweet and cinnamon-y pumpkin pie filling wrapped in pasta. Yeah... what else was seasonal... beats me.The buffet is quite a bit smaller than bellagio, and the selection was comparitively small. they had hand rolls with spicy tuna which = cone of nori with tons of rice and a small ball of spicy tuna. Took one bite and dropped the rice bomb back onto my plate. The rest of the sushi rolls were kinda meh..The majority of stuff was pretty boring. Nothing really stood out, and most of the food trays were mislabeled. After the changeover to dinner (we weren't there long, we got in about 30 minutes before the changeover) many of the signs were still wrong, the food was still unimpressive, and I was still disappointed by all of the "Wynn is the end all be all buffet"  comments. 1) the buffet is BEAUTIFUL if you're seated in the small sky-lighted garden seating area. Otherwise you'll be seated on ostrich skin in a boring pastel shaped room. I preferred the seating at the Bellagio since we didn't get the nicely lit outdoorsy section. 2) The food was on par with Bellagio. What stood out?a. King crab legs (Bellagio had snow crab legs) again, waterlogged cold flavorless mush. Why people lined up and walked away with 20 legs per plate still confuse me. I had 3, and I only finished them so they didn't go to waste. 3) Sweet Gulf Shrimp time.. How I missed you. These were larger than the ones at Bellagio, which were larger than the P-Ho ones. They were all about as tasty and snappy in texture, just slight size differences. Considering this was the most expensive of the 3 buffets, I also ate the least here. I just wasn't that impressed, and there wasn't much that I really wanted to eat. It saddens me. Service was not on par with Bellagio. Where Bellagio made all the dishes disappear, at the Wynn, the plates sat on our tiny little table. Our drinks were served in smallish cups, and were not refilled for quite some time. Empty drink glasses weren't taken away with the places until I put them on top of the plates. Wierd, considering the motto that everything is better at the Wynn. 2 stars. I wouldn't have been impressed if I was charged 20 dollars instead of 37. I still would have chosen Bellagio. The fact that I did pay as much as I did would make this a 1 star considering the other options. No Food Poisoning and Food on par with Bellagio (but a much smaller selection) gives this place an extra star.I'll try it again in the future I guess, maybe, but I don't have high hopes for this buffet. Bellagio FTW.As I read through the comments, Laurissa Y. sorta summed up my feelings of this buffet. She also reminded me to mention that it was the "Holiday weekday brunch" that I paid for. I'm glad I didnt have to deal with a line when I went. No line... actually I should have taken that as a warning...
3	The first time I came here was for dinner with friends last 2008. I was really intrigued by this place and was pleased with my initial experience. 2009, was a bit different though, came here for lunch instead and they charged almost $10.00 more the regular buffet charge since it was Christmas Eve. I understand that they have to pay their employees more during the holidays but it doesn't mean they have to take it on their customers. In my point of view, they could have not charged more than the regular price and they probably would have had double their sales through the holidays. Let's give back to the community eh? Specially during the holidays. Anyway, I think even if I've become a fan the first time, the 2nd time around ruined it a bit for me...may not come back here next time...not ever!
2	There's a good variety of stuff here though nothing is that great except for the dessert section.Cost was $40 for a holiday lunch which is about average for the Strip, especially inside the Wynn.California rolls - terrible.Prime Rib - cooked very well, but not seasoned at all.Fish cakes - fishy and not that crispyRavioli - wayyy too sweet. Pretty much dessert.Ice Cream Buffet was awesome! Lots of great toppings.I loved all the little desserts.So, I'd pass on this buffet and spend the $40 on a good steak somewhere else.
3	Wynn has great selection for dessert ...  tomato soup was good,  sushi was extremely bad. pass that ... ^^ everything else was average...  $ 40 without tips...
4	I come back here many times for the yummy quality of food and the dessert bar.  Wow..everything was so yummy and what can go wrong with all you can eat Gelato.
3	Four words: fluffiest french toast ever!Outside of that, I'd have to question the value to the $40 a head price tag on the lunch buffet at the Wynn.  Admittedly, the quality of the food here -far- exceeds that at the Paris buffet, but it darn well better be, considering the cost is 60% greater.  Plus, no unlimited champagne (that's an additional charge, according to the server).Me being the fat girl that I am, I totally pigged out on the make-your-own caesar salad bar.  They have salad that's already pre-constructed, but because this is The Land of the Free and all... they also have additional croutons, shaved parmesan, extra lettuce, and a vat of caesar dressing so you can mix and match to your liking.  You know... in case their pre-fab caesar isn't perfect enough (which I thought it was).Immediately next to the salad bar, they had a pretty measly selection of fruits, basically pineapple, papaya, honeydew, and cantaloupe.  Perhaps it's seasonal.  Eh - unimpressed.But back to the french toast.  Since this was one of the very few actual American breakfast foods that I actually grew up with, it has a special place in my heart.  I've never liked pancakes or waffles, and I'm not ultra fond of french toast, of the three major starchy options, it's the one that I will at least make an attempt at enjoying.  I think that some of my reticence around committing to loving french toast was that I've never had french toast like -this- before.  Light, soft, and ready to soak up the hot syrup and strawberry compote, this stuff absolutely melted apart in my mouth.  Mmm.The bottom line is that I'd rather just hit a sit-down joint.  It'd end up costing less, and I'd have fewer opportunities to overeat, given my dual compulsions to 1) maximize the value of my money and 2) finish everything on my plate.P.S.  Crunchy chocolate chip cookies?  Boo.  Boo to that.  Someone needs to visit a Potbelly for a lesson in how chocolate chip cookies should be.
3	came for lunch... $40?! did the prices go up or something! $40 is ridiculous for a brunch buffet! anyways, their seafood section was lacking. prime rib was good. and they had this huge slab of bacon that i didnt eat because i didnt want to die but i did have a bite and it was good. hmm everything else was pretty standard. salad bar was good, pizza, pasta, omelette bar. they definitely have a great dessert section...but still... not worth $40! meh. we tried to get our moneys worth by eating as much as we could....so we stayed from noon to 3pm. shouldve stayed til they started serving dinner....but i was about ready to pass out so i needed to leave. and i had already taken a trip to the bathroom so i could clear out my stomache and fill it up as much as i could with some mo' i'd prob only come here for dinner.
3	Crab legs! The only f'n reason why I'd eat at the pig trough. Especially since the staff at most of these buffets seem to be a slight notch above TSA/Airport security in regards to service.I wanted to go to Boiling Crab, but I didn't want to put up with the huge wait. Instead, I held off till I took my trip to Vegas to get a chance to gorge myself with the all-you-can-stuff-your-pig-fat-face-fat-ass-stretchy-pants-self buffet.I was about to hit up the Seafood buffet at the Rio, but since we were staying at the Palaaaazzo (say it in a Mario and Luigi Italian accent) across the way, I decided on the Wynn instead. Plus, imagine all the exercise involved going from the Palazzo to the Rio.... I'm out of breath writing about it. So I decided on the Wynn instead, and for $46 U.S. dollars I got to eat Alaskan King crab that was conveniently split into two (very smart on the managements part because hopefully it cuts down on waste). Also most patrons will have stubby butter coated pig like stubs that would make it difficult to efficiently crack each crab leg to extract the meat.The crab was alright, and somehow I got sick of it. Possibly because I was trying to eat 3lbs to "get my money's worth", so I decided to try out the rest of the food because I assumed that the Wynn was going to be better than the Bellagio buffet, but it's almost identical. Comparing the two directly, I'd probably go for the Bellagio buffet over the Wynn because it seems as though they do some things a little better than the Wynn (desserts and selection). The gripes I have - FYI, I always have them, that's why it's a joy eating with me: 1. Seriously why is it always steamed crab or steamed shrimp, and why only f'n cocktail sauce and butter!??!2. The prime rib sucked. Crappy, tough, and dry. Au jus couldn't save it.3.  Every meat here was overcooked, and spent a little too much time under the heat lamp. 4. Can't they mix-up the menu a little?? Does it have to be along the same lines as every other buffet on the strip??5. The lobster bisque was the most rancid nastiest bisque I've ever had. I hate to waste, but this was destined for the trash.6. One other gripe in general that I have: I can't stand waste, and people waste at buffets because they forget that chicken, beef, fish, etc does come from a living animal. I think if you had to slaughter an animal, you'd be less prone to waste food. I don't normally eat at the hotels, and instead I venture off the strip for most of my meals which isn't necessarily better, but with the type of food I had at the Wynn, I'd rather spend my time on Spring Mountain Rd..... with the locals in their stretchy pants.
5	Showed up here on a Sunday afternoon at 1pm and expected a huge wait.I was suprised when we were seated within 10 minutes!?!?!?The line was long, but it moved super quick.  I was very pleased by this.The food was still killer, and I loved everything I ate.  10 stars in my book!
1	I tried to come up with a reason to give this more than one star...couldn't do it...not only was the food bad, the place crowded, and the decor eighties chic. It was also the priciest buffet I've ever had...which would be fine if it was good, but it's not even ok. So next time I head to Vegas, I'll either skip the buffets all together or head to Golden Corral and put the other $35 on the Roullette wheel!
5	This place is great. Compared to many other options in Las Vegas, this place is worth the extra dollars for food that actually looks and tastes good. Other buffets, like the one at the Rio have a wide variety that lacks taste. One of the pluses at this place is that you can actually taste the freshness in the food. I ended up trying a little of almost everything that they offered. They have great ultra-thin pizza, congee, meat, salmon, and excellent prime rib. Desserts are great, especially the cream puff.
3	If you want to stuff yourself silly sure this place is great, situated in a classy hotel, the buffet is also beautifully designed.  However, the price is steep.  Again, paying for the brand name. Went here for lunch and dinner.  Dinner was much better. The halibut, risotto, chicken, and crab legs were good. All the rest is pretty mediocre. The sushi is the worst. I find that the best value buffet really is at the M resort. I also liked Bellagio's buffet comparatively speaking to Wynns. The dessert looked great, but tasted like something you buy at the grocery store. Only thing I enjoyed was the gelato and bread pudding. If you got the bucks to spend dine here and give it a try.
4	i'm not a buffet fan only because i have a tiny stomach and i eat very little portions but it's vegas!! what's vegas without great dining experiences? especially buffets? so a couple of friends and i decided to hit up wynn buffet since it's "the best on the strip". the wait seemed short but it took about 20-25 minutes= [ i was starving and this felt like torture. it felt like i was standing in hot scorching weather while waiting in line for a ride at great america= [when we finally reached the cashier to pay, the total for 2 came out as 110$. this is a ridiculous amount for a buffet so i expect the best damn food i've ever tried!! when we finally got seated, i was actually able to eat a lot and the food wasn't all that bad. it actually was pretty good. my favorite was probably the prime rib. my friend got a bunch of king crab legs which i really disliked because it was cold and tasted like nothing. the butter also didn't taste too great. the desserts, as always just like other buffets, were flavorless. they were super cute!! but lacked in flavor.the restrooms were probably my favorite only because they were styled where the entire stall is sealed shut so no one can listen to you do your business....= ]overall, buffet was good, seats were spacey and not really that crammed, restrooms were a-ok, desserts need work, servers for drinks need to come around faster.would i come back? probably not, only because there are dozens of other buffets i can try out next time= ]
4	Breakfast: Very high quality food from various genres. Amazing array of items too. OJ is fresh squeezed. What is impressive is that different genres are of equal quality. Guacamole is solid all the way to salmon benedict. About $20 per person.
4	one New Year's resolution is to write more Yelp reviews, so here goes...Celebrated NYE in Vegas & spent most of New Year's Day recovering. The girlfriend & I managed only one meal that day, the Buffet at the Wynn. As far as buffets go, there was a good variety of food, most of it was good, some of it very good, a few things not so much. Also as far as buffets go, the Wynn was pricey. But considering that an overindulgence such as this ended up being a whole day's food intake, maybe the price isn't so bad after all. Hey, it's a buffet, need I say more?
4	I had brunch here, and the quality control was excellent. BUT... I didn't really like most of the food...The buffet at Wynn is beautiful, clean, with a modern french twist of new and old. The presentation and quality is excellent. The food is fresh and well made. I love their fresh breads (try the dark brown one, it so good).I love their prime rib, nice and juicy and tender. All to medium rare to medium.The slab bacon was quite nice and peppery.I love that they had a deli meats and cheese bar.The fruit bar was quite nice too, fresh fruits; all beautiful.There drinks and service are real good too, but what do you expect if you pay around $50 for brunch.But that was about it. I wished I liked all the things there but I don't.The biggest disappointment for me is the desserts.The dessert were beautiful and well kept.But they tasted too sweet or the flavor combination just did not work.In the end I only like the cream puff they had in the desserts, and that was only after I took some of the large sugar crystals off the puff crust.It was just too much when the cream is already sweet. But that is only my preference. I feel like that need to go back to some basics (flavors) of desserts before going for the decadent stuff. Rice pudding with caramel mousse is a example....  of flavors that clashed when it became to sweet. As well as my raspberry and lime dessert combo when my lime was super strong and tart mixed with the raspberry.Maybe I arrived on a bad day...But I recommend the prime rib, the dark brown bread roll, cheese, and some fruits. Also their passion fruit iced tea is kind of nice.
5	EXCELLENT BUFFET! Its kind of like an anti-buffet because each dish served here could easily be served at a restaurant in Vegas. It was not like all the food here was mass produced and quickly heated up from frozen. I went for Brunch which including bottomless mimosas for about $10 which is very reasonable. The total came out to about $40 which was pricey but the food available was worth it. REAL bacon slabs, prime rib, eggs benedict, meat and cheese table, excellent waffles, ceviche, and an extensive dessert menu which included very rich and cream gelato. The service was excellent and not one thing at the buffet disappointed me.I would recommend that if you are in a group of six or more, go ahead and split up if you dont mind so that you dont have to pay gratuity at the cashier.
4	I'm not generally a buffet person, as I think I might've mentioned elsewhere in my other buffet-related reviews. However, I do like this one, for several reasons.One reason is that, in order to get here, you need to walk through Wynn Las Vegas. This casino is truly A-class. You definitely feel like you're in a much swankier environment than, say, at the Paris' buffet (though the food quality there is also good).Another reason is that they offer a wide selection of appetizers, entrees and dessert choices. Something for everyone, I suppose.Lastly, a reason why I like this place is that their serving stations are generally small. That means they don't usually have food out for too long. Since the serving trays are smaller, that means (in my mind) that food is fresher, and better.One down side here is that it's $40pp, which is pretty steep for a meal. That said, I believe that's the same price as Rio's buffet , but much more worth it in terms of taste.
4	This is a top tier buffet in Las Vegas. It would be the best in my book. I cam here for the Weekend brunch and it was a quick 20 min wait, compared to the 3 hr wait for dinner. I love that there is an ample selection of foods and they're all rather tasty. The desserts are so so. There are lots to choose from but it's a hit or miss situation. The mini chocolate croissants are delish. If you're in Vegas, you've got to try this buffet.
5	I've had the Wynn Buffet several times, and it's one of the better buffets in Vegas.Most recently, I had the Wynn Buffet during me and Hubby's Las Vegas New Year's/Anniversary trip. We had the special NYE buffet, which included steamed LOBSTER!Hubby and I proceeded to devour plate after plate of steamed lobster, king crab legs, and cocktail shrimp.I have to say, it was the best buffet experience I've had in Vegas. And Hubby agrees. Another bonus was that we didn't even have to wait in line at all, which almost never happens at the good buffets in Vegas.Needless to say, we both had massive food coma and had to go up to the room to digest (him) and pass out for an hour (me). I did wake up in time to watch Jersey Shore and see Snooki get punched in the face, and eventually I was able to crawl out of bed to watch the fireworks, but the food coma ensured that watching fireworks was all that we had the energy to do for NYE.Advice: Just because it's a buffet, even if they have steamed lobster, doesn't mean you have to stuff yourself until you blow up.
5	Pro: best buffet on the strip, prime rib comes in different cook times (well, mid well, mid rare), helpful tips at the salad bar. Clean bathrooms. Con: angry yet useful waiters, possible long lines with seafood. This the Mecca of all buffets, the one that we planned the whole CES trip around, what to eat before hand for a few days, what to eat that morning, and what to calm ourselves down afterward. Yes, I know it is a bit insane, but when you are serious with good food, you plan your attack. 1st tip, go into the buffet before 3:30 pm to get the lunch rate and stay for the dinner. The decor is flowery with a lot of bright corners flooded by the ceiling lights, good to spot water on the marble floors at the serving tables. Take a quick tour of all the available food first, this buffet is about twice as big as Mandalay bar, three times as big as the state line hotels, know what is around first will be very important. 2nd tip, carb and meaty protein first, then cultural sidedish and seafood, then finish with light salad and desert. Try to avoid the crazy Asian dinner crowd, they are the locust that destroyed the crops in Egypt. If there are 20 Asians waiting on the crabs and shrimp, don't bother to check it out for at least 30 minutes, for they will just wipe out everything without any consideration to other patrons. This goes back to getting there early, that way you won't get stormed like Anita did (hail!) 3rd tip, take a break, this is a marathon, not a sprint. The desert could be a death trips for kids, since they tend to swarm the usual fare - cookies and ice cream. If I have to make one suggestion to the buffet, it would the cookies. Those things are hard enough to cut glass, I had drown a chocolate chip in a glass of milk for 2 minutes (clocked it) and it still came up hard. Forget using a brick to smash windows, use a Wynn buffet cookie. Target the creme brulee and the fruity cakes (pumpkin spice). 4th tip - don't go crazy on one single desert, your table will be cut off (15 creme brulee by us in 10 minutes). Good luck and may the force be with you. :)
4	We had the Brunch buffet here. We thought the price was worth it for the type and variety of food they offer. It was nice to sample both their breakfast and prime rib and other lunch/dinner menu as well. For $31, you are getting quite lots of stuff that could last you the whole day in Vegas. The waitress who served us was very nice and very attentive with our needs. The taste of the foods were pretty good, the prime rib was very well cooked although it was minimally seasoned, who would mind tasting more meat taste? The roast bacon was really good IMO. The salad was good, the dessert was decent.It was a good experience to have tried their buffet here. I do believe, though, their brunch menu is probably the most extensive and for me the best since I can try a sample of all their breakfast, lunch and/or dinner menu and see if I like it again.
4	The best buffet in town and well worth the price ($40 for a weekend dinner)!  The only reasons for the four stars is because it is always super crowd and the wait can get up to hours if you go at the wrong time.Prime rib was delicious.  Well cooked, has both medium rare and medium cuts, as well as the au jus sauce to go with it.  Even better than the prime rib was the lamb chops.  All you can eat lamb chops that are each grilled to perfection.  I'm not big on the crab legs but I hear they are also very good.Whenever I come here I wish I could eat more haha.
3	I am a huge fan of buffets.Let's face it, I am literally a "huge" fan, thus buffets are my forte.Knowing this-how does the famous Wynn buffet hold up?Meh-it's okay.Here's the problem-each dish is prepared to posh goodness.  However since each dish is so complex with foodie ingredients-many dishes normally available within my dietary restrictions were not.  Bacon or proscuitto would appear in random tartlettes or side dishes.  Basically? I felt like I spent a LOT of money to come to a buffet that did not have very many accessible dishes for vegetarians or semi-vegetarians.My carnivore cohorts seemed pleased enough-but we all wish that we had just gone back to the Rio's buffet, which we all felt had a more robust assortment of dishes to select from.Bottom line-this place is a okay, but after all the hype and expense it is not going to make it to our regular rotation of Vegas buffets.
2	I was so disappointed this trip to Las Vegas by the Wynn Buffet.  I've been here a few times before and liked it so much I was willing to wait the hour or so in line to get into the buffet, but this time the food wasn't great at all.  Almost everything had an unfresh or chemical flavor,  I pushed most of the stuff around on my plate without eating it.  I went back to the buffet twice hoping I had just picked the wrong stuff the first time but nearly everything was inedible or less than stellar.  Maybe the Wynn has been cutting back with the economy?
2	I was so terribly disappointed by this buffet.  I went for dinner on a weekday night, and I thought I was in for a treat.  The Wynn looks so swanky both inside and out.  The dining room was elaborately decorated like a flower garden, so I naively think the food at this buffet will be equally as swanky and elaborate.  Negative!! Just about everything they offered was mediocre at best.  For such an upscale environment, the food was completely pedestrian.  It wasn't terrible, but I expected the food to match the environment and it just didn't for me.  Maybe I hit it on a bad night, but I was unimpressed.
5	AMAZING!  Simply AMAZING!  I have never been to  better buffet.  The beef wellington was enough for me to come back for 2nds, 3rds and even 4ths!  I was so prime ribbed out from the holidays that I couldn't really enjoy it there but it was still very good.  The shrimp cocktail was my favorite.  The shrimp were tasty and a good size.  I'm not a big fan of lobster but it was pretty good.  I didn't like the king crab legs but I've never liked them.  My favorite section of the buffet is defiantly the desert section.  They had house made gelato, cookies and wonderful shot glass cakes, puddings and more.  The whole experience was gluttony at it's finest.  I WILL BE BACK!
4	The Buffet at Wynn was really good and well worth the price. It's probably one of my favorite two buffets (Paris being the other... which might change). Naturally, there is a long wait. Early lunch is usually less of a wait time though. Prime rib... mmm!
4	You can't really go wrong with the higher end LV buffets.  They're bursting with food options... the only problem is they're a pain on my already money-deprived wallet.  Oh, and I don't want to wait in a long ass line to get there.  I think the gelato bar wins me over here over Bellagio, but I'd still go to the other place.
5	I normally don't go to buffets because if it's a comparison of quality vs. quantity, quality always wins.  HOWever, The Buffet at the Wynn has probably become my favorite buffet ever (unfortunately...or not...I've only been to a very few buffets in Las Vegas and I hear most of them are pretty good).  All the food you can eat and it's all soooo good.I recommend going during lunch time because it will be less crowded and costs much less than dinner.  If you can go on less busy days of the week (such as most weekdays), it might cost a little less.We went in for lunch on a Saturday around 1pm and had no problem getting in.  The line took about 5 minutes and we had prime seating next to the main walkway on the balcony area. I couldn't believe how long the buffet strip went...and by the time I found the end, I discovered there was a whole different area for desserts.  They had fruits, salads, soups, meats/cheese, fancy breakfast items, Creole, Asian, Seafood, Sushi, Ribs, Crepes, Omelets, and a bit more that I can't even remember because there was so much food.  All of it was delicious.A friend also got bottomless Bloody Mary's for $7.50 (using well vodka of course).  I highly recommend this place to everyone who goes to Las Vegas.  I'll be back for sure.
2	After reading reviews from Yelp and Trip Advisor we decided to go to the Wynn Buffet. We were very excited to go. We had ate at the Bellagio for breakfast, and to be completely honest with you, I would rather pay 35 bucks to eat breakfast at the bellagio buffet rather than waste it at the wynn!!! The best part of the whole buffet was the fact that they had creme brulee for dessert... but even so, they were all burnt. (I'm not an IDIOT when it comes to creme brulee, as it is my favorite dessert and have had it many, many different times and at many different restaurants, but when the sugar is BLACK, that is not how creme brulee is supposed to be served!)  We are not very picky eaters... this was a big let down! The prime rib was OK... the crab legs were pretty flavorless, but I'm not one for cold buffet crablegs anyways... They dont have much of  a selection. I would say the best part about this buffet was the little midget pickles and the cheese. Pretty sad. Their desserts all LOOKED wonderful... but they all tasted awful.
4	Not cheap, but very good.One of the dishes that impressed me the most was their King Crab legs.  For some reasons, most of the KCL I had elsewhere were way too salty as if the fishermen boiled the crabs in sea water even before they returned to port. The KCL at Wynn's buffet was as fresh and sweet as the live king crab I once cooked for myself.  If I just use the KCL as a yardstick, I believe this buffet uses fresh and high quality ingredients for their food.  Yes, the price is high at times, but you get what you pay for.We ate there around Easter last year, dinner was at a holiday price for the special holiday menu with many extra food. IIRC, it was like $5 more than their regular price (which I forgot already.)  We were in Vegas again this Christmas, the special dinner price was set at $57 per person.  We didn't ate there this time, just not hungry enough for a $57 buffet.  A friend just returned from Wynn last week, he said the dinner price was forty something.
5	We did a late (2pm) lunch at the Wynn buffet on a weekday. Awesome food and I love the layout, not overwhelming at all. If you can, try to get a table in the "garden area" right where you walk in at. It's lit by skylights and is a welcome contrast to the darkly lit casinos/other rooms in the buffet area. Worth the price and IMO better than Bellagio, but I could be biased since we had to wait an hour to get in at B over no wait at all at Wynn.
2	I have had my fair share of buffets in Las Vegas, but the Wynn buffet was quite a disappointment. At $35 per person for brunch, the buffet lacked both variety and flavor. The Asian food station was bland, the sushi was too fishy and the seafood unappetizing. Italian food was decent though but the desserts were average. I was expecting more from this place but it let me down. Service was great though.
3	I think for the price the food could have been better. They were missing some key buffet item foods such as crab, and some of the asian and italian foods were awful. Of course there was plenty of food and I walked away way too full. The all you can drink mimosas or bloody mary's are always a bonus!
4	Went here for new years eve weekend and paid about 50 bucks for dinner. The meal was honestly just okay relative to the price. Selection was very limited compared to other buffets I've been too. And if you don't love King Crab Legs, then you would've been better off going to a restaurant. From what I remember they have zero chicken, salads were mediocre, lamb chops weren't well seasoned, dessert was hit or miss, etc. I did like the fact that their selection were items I would usually not eat like seabass, muscles, clams, but no one item really stood out as my favorite everything was just okay. I expect that from other buffets but had higher expectations for the wynn. My table of 8 all agreed we would've had a better time having our choice of food served to us, opposed to getting up 5 times and waiting in mini lines for food. Nothing was bad and nothing was too great, so this place still gets a 4.
5	WooooooooooooooooooooW This was the best buffet I have ever been to. I needed a crane to lift me out of there, I ate so much. I went there for dinner and sampled nearly everything. The crab legs were huge and amazing. I loved their chicken panag. Their desert section was very big, save room for that. Note: This is real cheapo - but dinner began at 3:30, I deliberately came at 3:15, paid for lunch and ate dinner :)
5	Mm-mm King Crab legs. This place is often a must stop every time I go to Las Vegas. This place is not cheap at all. In fact I believe its the most expensive buffet on the strip, but don't let that stop you. The best tip I can give you is... be ready for some good food! If you are not a seafood person this may not be the place for you. King Crab legs and jumbo shrimp cocktails will keep me coming back for more every time. I recommend treating this place like a fine restaurant and eat a sampler of the best foods first. I don't recommend stuffing your face like this is a 99cent buffet or you will get full too fast to try everything. Enjoy the atmosphere. Take a date or some friends.Relax, eat, and imaging a life of luxury.Only con  =( *sad. I am writing this review at work hundreds of miles away. I could be eating shrimp right now.
2	With high expectation from the reviews, I was really disappointed. For almost $40, there was nothing memorable. The food was just OK. One way to describe the Wynn buffet is style over substance. The dessert bar is a prime example. All the items were well presented but none tasted exceptional. Only if the food tasted as good as they looked, Wynn would be spectacular.
3	Sunday brunch is actually quite expensive, but it's nice though because they give you the option to whether or not you wanted champagne. The selection is HUGE! Not quite like Ballagio but pretty comparable.Overall:Food: Very diverse Price: Pricey sunday brunch Service: Very accommodating
5	food was amazing soo many choices there you wouldn't know where to start and stop :) , save some room for the desserts bec you HAVE to try those Real BELGIAN waffles there its not the American type that you find in every diner , its the waffles made out of dough not a liquid batter we ate like 5 of them with all toppings they have i'm DEF going back there ASAP
4	lamb is sickening good, and you just gotta have at least 3 creme brulee's.  buffet's very pricey though, recommend only going if you get comped, otherwise you could use that money for a feast off the strip.
4	I've come here out of pure convenience because I have stayed at Encore a few times.  Its great that the line is not majorly out of control like the Rio or something so that's good. I've come here for dinner, brunch, and breakfast.  Its pretty pricey especially on a holiday weekend.  My favorite is dinner for sure.  I LOVE the Alaskan King Crabs- I could not get enough! Brunch was okay- I like Mirage much better.  I like the omelette station and the Asian area. Basically I feel that all of the food was pretty good- gourmet ish but didn't super WOW me.  The deserts are pretty amazing tho.  The plethora of mini cakes, ice cream, cookies, etc.  I dare you not to pick up and sample everything!  You won't be able to do it.  Its just all so cute. I like the Wynn decorations a lot and most likely will come here again if I stay in either of the hotels.  Breakfast 20 bucks Brunch 30 bucksDinner 40 bucks
5	I was at the Wynn's for their breakfast buffet. No line too, especially at 9:30amFor $18.95, I started out with this:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=tEDk_0WaEfNA6UwNfighBANext I had this:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=X4eFkZErvjUZrT8_XISr3gThen I had this:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=ApWiAmBybrcHcxqd1SwwtAFinally I had enough room in my tummy for this:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=hZqquMF00ftZafXktgblnAAll that, plus a small Diet Coke...hee-hee!!Definitely one of the better buffet venues for breakfast. There are many good breakfast buffets in Las Vegas. But you can't get any better than Wynn's Buffet.
4	The Buffet at The Wynn for lunch was good. They had a nice selection, not too big and a beautiful seating area. It was damned expensive for four people at lunch!! $137 to be exact.I liked that they had cured meats and cheeses. I also liked how they had their desserts in such cute little cups!I ate at three buffets that weekend, so my memory of the Wynn Buffet is a little hazy! But I wasn't dissatisfied with anything other than the price, so that should tell you something about the food =)
5	HANDS DOWN the best buffet I have ever been to.  We went for dinner.  I believe it was about 38 dollars and another 6 for unlimited champagne.  The staff was friendly especially since us 5 girls were all sharing the unlimited champagne.  They really had a little bit of everything.  They had some japanese sushi, chinese dumplings, indian curry, crab, lobster, and a HUGE dessert bar and crepes.The decor was very bright I almost felt like I was in some twisted Alice and Wonderland.Right after dinner we went to a show at the Wynn.  Next time I might lay off the unlimited champagne so I remember the whole show and don't doze off towards the end.
4	bit of a wait around lunch time, but it goes by quickly.great, top of the line food selections - delicious ceviche and kobe slidersterrific desserts, including a Sundae bar and candied apples.
4	Overall, this is a great buffet. I would have to say that it is my second favorite buffet in Vegas (behind the Bellagio)However, it does have the best prime rib!!! It is a little embarrassing, but I did have 6 servings of their prime rib and I don't regret one bite!With that said, I would be lying to you if I tried many of the other dishes, but my girlfriend did, and she enjoyed it as well = )Similar to what I said about the Bellagio, the line is worth it. You got to try it if you haven't yet.
3	Given that it was New Years weekend, the buffet had the "special" New Years menu. Though, it didnt seem at all different from the last time I went for the regular menu, just $20 more.We went at about 1pm and stood in line for a hour before we were seated. The trick is to go after 2pm for the lunch buffet and watch them switch over to the dinner buffet at 330pm.The food was good, but I'm usually a buffet owner's dream: I dont eat shellfish and I dont eat a ton of meat. More so after a night of drinking when all I want is soup and noodles. One plate of a variety of foods from the heavier buffets, two plates of salad and two bowls of soup, finishing off with 2 small servings of dessert.I shouldnt be allowed into a buffet.
2	Huge disappointment!We were debating between the Weekend Champagne Brunch at Bellagio and The Wynn. We eventually decided on The Wynn due to other reviews saying the Bellagio looked like a cafeteria and the atmosphere was much better at The Wynn.The food was mediocre at best. Cold entrees, dry fish, overcooked prime rib, watery crab legs. The only highlight was the shrimp (16-20 count). Other than that the only memorable thing about this buffet was the price: $50pp with tax and tip. NOT WORTH IT!
5	I love buffets! Maybe it's because I grew up eating at buffets due to Korean parents. I don't know any older Koreans that don't like buffets. Anyways, the line to get in wasn't long, although we were expecting to wait. The price wasn't too bad either.I loved the food here. I wish we could've eaten here everyday. They have a huge variety of foods, the prime rib was scrumptious! Their clam chowder was very good too.
5	Hands down, the best place I've ever had breakfast.  It was the most extensive breakfast buffet I've ever seen.  It was $18.95 (on weekdays) which was worth it since we were staying at the Encore.  A few other places might be a few dollars cheaper, but this was close.  The smoked salmon was terrific, and they had several choices of eggs (regular, egg whites, omelet, cheese blintz, etc.).  The french toast was terrific too!  I also loved the orange juice.  Very impressive.  We only went at breakfast (which is until 11:00), but it was worth it.
4	Came here for lunch with bottomless champagne for about $30. I was pretty satisfied. This buffet is separated by countries (they actuall have signs that say Asian/Italian/American...etc.). All in all, each type of food is well represented. The chinese food was good, not just your typical Panda Express type. Good pizza. They had Kobe beef sliders!!! Kobe beef! Prime rib was pretty good, tender and pink. Also, the dessert selection is fairly large. The waitress was super nice, loading us up on bubbly as soon as our glasses were empty. Only complaint is that seafood selection could've been better. I would definitely recommend this buffet.
5	Mmm.. buffet.  The Wynn was the most highly recommended buffet in Vegas, and since this was my first time in Vegas, I had to go to at least one!  Dinner, however, seemed too expensive and breakfast seemed too expensive for breakfast food, so we decided to go for lunch one day.Bottom line: it was worth it!  With tax, it comes to a bit less than $25, but you get sooooooo much food.  And it's good!  Asian, Italian, Seafood (ceviches), American, and so much more.My favorite part was the sea bass which was cooked perfectly.  Incredible.  I could eat more and more and more of that.  I also liked the beef flank steak, and some other things.  I didn't get to try everything, but I came pretty close.  Then, to finish it off, I saw the dessert bar.  So.  Much.  Dessert.  I got one of everything that sounded remotely good to me, and tried it all.  The flavors of the desserts were pretty intense.  My favorite, surprisingly, was the oreo chocolate cake thing.  Usually don't love Oreo (though I don't dislike it either), but it was delicious!  I'd suggest getting a large spread and trying bits of everything and sharing with some people.The only complaint I might have is that I was too uncomfortably full afterward.  Why, Wynn, why?!
4	Yup, pretty amazing, but for 35 bucks it had better be outstanding. Highlights: amazing salad bar, the duck cold cuts and Octopus crevache with fresh baked bread and a slice of cheese? I could have left happy there.Rustic lapin with noodles at the Italian section. The pumpkin ravioli was also nice. No chicken: substitute Cornish game hens for 'class' factor I suppose?Despite being rare, thought the prime rib surprisingly flavourless. Excellent marinated flank stakes though - and this buffet is heavy on lamb. All of the lamb was cooked to perfection, which is impressive as I think lamb is pretty unforgiving on a buffet line. Lamb T-Bone in white bean reduction was a highlight - so good I had a second! Didn't think much of the crab, and the Bellagio's sushi bar has it ALL over this paltry choice. But the shrimp cocktails were great.Dessert: again, think the Bellagio edges it out here, but ample choices. Caramel banana pie with dark chocolate - terrifically subtle. Excellent bread pudding, which while a Vegas buffet staple, you can seperate the boys from the men by the bread puddings. Did not try gelato.All in all, you get your money's worth. The foodie choices here are better than most of the Las Vegas buffet staples, though not as edgy as things available at Bellagio.
2	This is exactly what I would have expected:  Everything looks amazing and it tastes like nothing.  Actually I was surprised on both sides of that -- it looks more amazing than I expected.  Then tasted like nothing more than I expected.  I did a passthrough before committing and it was impossible not to eat after looking.  The desserts (which I don't even like most of the time) were the most disappointing.  They looked so good and really none were good at all.
4	So good that my friends and I went twice...during a two night trip.  We decided to try the Buffet at the Wynn on Saturday morning for brunch after reading all of the amazing reviews (and pictures) on Yelp.  We were not disappointed.  The Wynn provided the best of both worlds - quality and a great selection.  All of the usual breakfast items were available, including a made to order omelet station, waffles, french toast, pancakes, breakfast meats, and plenty of fresh fruit and pastry.  The hands down favorite of the group were the hot mini cinnamon rolls.  They looked like ordinary small danishes, but they were so warm, and flaky that we just kept eating more.    Other hits included the dim sum station with delicious pot stickers, pork buns, and spring rolls.  They also had a jook bar, which was a bit bland but unique for a Vegas buffet.  There were kobe beef sliders, prime rib, pizza, sushi, shrimp cocktail, salads, smoked fish, civeche, and lots of pastas.  The desserts were great and included ice cream (scoops, not that crappy soft-serve stuff), and several small portions of various cakes, tarts, puddings, and mousses.  I left brunch so full that I did not ever think I would eat again.  Of course I totally returned for breakfast on Monday.  The selection was smaller than at brunch, but we stayed long enough to see the lunch selection as well.  If you come around 10:30 you can pay the breakfast price ($19) and get to try lunch as well which rolls out around 11am.  A very reasonable price when considering the other dining options at the Wynn.
3	We decided to try a new buffet on this trip and settled on the Wynn. When we got there, we realized it was $34.95 for dinner. That's a lot for someone who just had McDonald's that morning and Pizza Hut last night. However, it was the end of a pretty long day and the line wasn't that long at 6:30pm on a Tuesday, so we figured we'd go for it.It probably took 15 minutes or so to get seated. It wasn't that crowded and we were joking that they probably made people wait because it's a mandatory part of the buffet experience, but we realized that they didn't have too many staff members on hand to serve drinks and clean tables and whatnot. When we started piling up empty dishes, they stayed there on our table for quite a while. I expected better service for what the dinner cost.The food was good, and there was a wide selection. I knew that I couldn't have everything, so I skipped things such as mashed potatoes and corn on the cob - why would you go to such an expensive buffet to eat those? I picked out more unusual and exotic selections such as octopus ceviche, veal, lamb T-bone, rabbit pasta, sushi (ok, couldn't resist), and pierogies. Oh, and of course the king crab legs, shrimp cocktail, and prime rib. I'm still pretty stuffed, so I'll just say that everything was pretty good.After taking a brief break, we headed to the dessert section. They're pretty interesting, with some even served in shot glass-like cups. I had a delicious tiramisu that way. I really enjoyed the chocolate/banana dessert and would've gone for seconds if I had more stomach room. The mint chocolate mousse was really interesting - it made me want to put down my toothbrush, spit out the contents of my mouth, and gargle some water. Yes, it tasted exactly like toothpaste.I wanted to try the ice cream (gelato?) at the end, but it was getting late and I preferred to visit the crepe station instead. The strawberry filling was popular, but I skipped it because it didn't look like much. It's probably still delicious I guess. I enjoyed the blueberry that I asked for, but I left the apricot on my plate because it tasted somewhat artificial and had an odd texture.So how did I enjoy the meal overall? For the price of $34.95, it was pretty good. I don't go to Vegas everyday, after all. However, the service was somewhat lacking, and my financial sensibilities were offended.  I'll probably opt for something more inexpensive next time I visit Vegas.
4	I'm not big on buffets.  Maybe its because, as a child, a chain buffet was about the most exotic restaurant experience for me....or maybe Taco Bell.  Well, now days I would never do Taco Bell, and would pass on most buffets.  But how can one pass on The Wynn's celebrated buffet?  Having an early flight to Vegas and a few hours to kill before checking into our room at Caesar's, we tried the brunch buffet at the Wynn.  The price was $18.95 plus tax on a Friday morning, and the wait was minimal.  Like most Vegas buffets, there were many choices from all the basic breakfast foods, omelet station, Mexican, Asian, Italian, salads, pastries, etc.I won't go into detail since this place has nearly a thousand reviews, but my favorite items would be the ceviche, pot stickers and pastries.  Apparently, there is a big debate about which buffet is better, the Wynn or Bellagio. We tried the Bellagio the next day and found the Wynn slightly better, but similar enough that you can't really go wrong with either one.  The service was good and the setting was very nice with a glass atrium/garden area (Much nicer than the Bellagio as far as atmosphere).
5	Best buffet experience of my life, hands down! I don't consider this pricey for the quality of food you're getting. The only thing I didn't like was the sushi, and it was actually pretty crappy... but all the other flavors were incredible. My stomach didn't hurt at the end of my meal at the Wynn, unlike the Bellagio and MGM Grand, because the portions and presentation were all so perfect that it was easy to savor everything slowly. Bonus points for the ridiculously saccharine decor. I felt like I was in a little girl's dollhouse.
5	Out of this world.  Very fresh ingredients and high quality food.  Well worth the money. I spent 3 hours there with 2 friends.  We enjoyed every minute and every plate with rests in between.  The fruit was wonderful.  They had a cheese and cold cut area we didn't have room for.  I did not try the pizza because there were so many other amazing things.  I overheard one girl complaining she was going to ask for her money back.  Her friend explained she was a vegetarian.  She must have been a really picky eater.  I saw a ton of things she could have enjoyed. They change the menu from brunch to dinner at 3:30pm.  I highly recommend coming in the late afternoon so you can enjoy both varieties.  At dinner, they put out these mini salads to die for including one with roasted pears, grapes and candied pecans.  Amazing. I paid $50 for the meal including $7 for all I could drink and $8 tip.  Well worth it!
5	Wynn is known for it's high class quality and luxurious digs. So the Buffet at the Wynn is not excluded. Just because it's a buffet doesn't mean it has to be plain and basic and a lot of mediocrity! The Buffet has quite an array of ethnic delights prepared exquisitely well. If you're one of those that try to get a bit of everything on your first plate, it's never going to happen here. The assortment of food is so vast I think you'll need at least three trips before being able to experience a bite of everything. Word of advice, line up early on Fridays and Saturdays, say 5-5:30pm. If you're a preferred patron (whale-to-be) ask the pit bosses for a line pass. The Buffet doesn't serve brunch on most days, but if you get in by 11am you have the benefit of eating breakfast foods and within 30 minutes option to have lunch also! *hint hint*
5	I'm one girl who loves to eat and let me just tell you that this is one of my favorite buffets to eat at!!!  This is the first place I want to dine at when I come to Vegas!!!  I'm not a big fan of buffets but I love the Wynn's buffet.Not only is the food good, atmosphere is so pretty
4	This is one of the better (if not best) buffet place on the Strip.  Much better than Bellagio.The high quality food at this buffet (I went for lunch) really made the 35+ price tag worth it.The service was the best I ever had for a buffet and there wasn't a moment my drink was empty.The Kobe mini sliders were great, the prime rib was excellent and they had some great smoked salmon.The desserts were very memorable with the coffee gelato and the awesome danishes (I wanted to take 12 of them home if I could).If you go to the strip and need to find a good buffet and willing to shell out a little more, come here, you won't be disappointed.
3	buffets aren't really my cup of tea...  there was a line to get in at 1pm...  the prime rib was good.  the Kobe mini sliders were dry and it does not taste like Kobe beef.  for thirty some bucks, i would rather have a civilized sit-down lunch.
3	The buffet here wasn't as GREAT as i remember it last time, this time around, the place wasn't crowded AT ALL and the price was still JUST AS PRICEY. The food selection is large, just like any other big hotel, its expected to have a lot of variety. Nothing really jumped out at me except for the soups & the prime rib & turkey... just cuz i love turkey, any excuse to have a thanksgiving-like meal. All in all, this time around, it just wasn't worth the money or the time.
5	Ask a dozen people who have been to Las Vegas what the best buffet is and you are likely to get a dozen different answers. This chubby traveler however will consistently tell you the Wynn Buffet is the best. I last visited Vegas this past week and every time I go I have to go to the Wynn Buffet regardless of where I stay. Usually the Wynn Buffet always draws comparisons to the Bellagio Buffet since both offer more high end fare. I enjoy the Wynn Buffet much better than Bellagio though. Here is what a traveler needs to know about the Wynn Buffet:First thing is first, price. The Wynn buffet will run you around $18 for breakfast, $24 for lunch, and $35-$38 for dinner. Prices may differ near holidays and on the weekends so be careful. Considering all the food prices in Las Vegas are inflated I think this is a very good deal. A sit down meal at another restaurant for a couple in Vegas is still going to run you around $50-$80 for even a casual place. I would probably go for lunch to get the most bang for your buck. The price does not include the price of alcohol so if you want this you may have to fork some more cash over.The dining room never feels cluttered. Weekends and holidays the place is usually packed, but I have never been Mon-Thur and had to wait in line. Even on Memorial Day when I went, the line was long but moved pretty fast. There are also a good amount of large tables around to accommodate larger groups. The one good thing the Wynn buffet has going for it as compared to other buffets on the Strip is organization. Each station is spread out and lines are never an issue. The Bellagio Buffet always has places where logjams occur. Stations are divided by the type of food (i.e. seafood, Italian, salad, Chinese, seasonal). Food has always been hot, and each station extremely clean. Ask the servers behind each station if you have questions about the food since they seem quite knowledgeable.Now the most important thing: the food. Everything here is consistently delicious. I am actually saddened by the reality that I can only put so much food in my stomach during each trip. Tip #1 before you start eating is to make sure and save room for dessert. The highlights for me here are always the seafood section. I am very picky about my seafood having lived near the Eastern coast most of my life. Their salmon and Chilean sea bass are always good. The pork buns and pot-stickers at the Chinese section are also very good. This recent trip some of the best food I had were the Kobe beef sliders, sweet potato orecchiette, smoked salmon, and hash browns (they have some breakfast items in there for lunch too). Try not to eat too much of one item because you simply need to sample a little of everything. Lastly, the desserts are also the best of all the buffets on the Strip. They have homemade ice cream here and a very nice selection of other treats. The pumpkin cinnamon cake is a must if they have it.  Make sure to ask for coffee before desserts as it is also very good.I won't dole out many five stars but Wynn definitely deserves this. The only negative here is service sometimes. I think they need to hire more waiters/waitresses. Usually if you are running low on drink you have to grab one of them when they pass by.  They have never been rude or inattentive however. So if you are still on that quest for the best buffet in Las Vegas, you can stop now and head over to the Wynn for an awesome gastronomic experience.
5	Muuuuch better than the Bellagio buffet, although that's not fair bc I came here for dinner and to the Bellagio for lunch. The decorations are breathtaking! As with any buffet, I never remember what I ate, but I do remember their salmon and tuna sashimi handrolls being very good. Everything was just done so well and ZOMG a whole room for desserts! I think what sets the Wynn buffet apart is that every item is done with artistry in mind, from many different cuisines, and not just a mission to fill you up and get you out.
5	The Wynn is a winner in my book (couldn't help that!). While Bellagio is comparable in several categories, The Wynn has the better overall selection IMHO in terms of ethnic cuisine and a variety of healthier options (for the few who look for that in a buffet). Avoid seafood or sushi/sashimi in general in Vegas (you want freshness, not quantity) and go for the "meat" as they say which in my case was mainly deftly seasoned vegetables and beans. I do not eat meat often, but their prime rib was so soft... barely needed a knife. The decor is minimally elegant and they do not enforce a dress-code. Here, you get what you pay for.
2	I ate there on February 14, 2010.  My huband and I ate there for brunch and it set us back almost $100 for the both of us.  I can honestly say, there are better buffets out there.  I was shocked they didn't offer Crab legs, since most high end buffets do.  In the section of the buffet which had the shrimp, all you found there was shrimp, smoked salmon and ceviche.  There was no crab legs or oysters.  The rest of the buffet was truly forgettable.  Also the fruit section, you would think that if you fork out almost $50 per person they would at leat put some berries, but no, instead they had the melon, watermellon, pineapple, and that is it.  A big section of their buffet is for Asian food, but it was not good, nothing excited about it.  Also they had a section of mexican food, that was not good either.  The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.  All in all, the Paris is far better and for around $30 per person.  We heard many good things about this place, we were staying at the encore, so we tried it, and both of us agree we should of gone to the Paris.
5	I hate buffets! Seriously. This is the only one in the world I actually make it a point to go to. Champagne, Mimosas, Bloody Marys and every kind of food, side dish, dessert you can imagine... as much as you can fit on a plate.. LOLI actually really love the decor in this area.. it is very bright and luscious at the same time...  The choices are amazing..  don't go too early because you will want to have sort of a brunchy meal...  they have everything from Waffles and Made to Order Omlettes to Chipnio, Mexican and Chinese food...  and save room for dessert, because there is an entire hallway of treats to pile on your plate.. I try very hard only to place on my plate what I intend to eat, but it is all so tempting.. plus i know someone at my table will grab it if I don't indulge... I started with my stand by Nova Lox Bagel (capers, smokes salmon, cream cheese, red onions on a toasted Bagel) and then went loco trying all the different offerings.. I could stay here all day LOL
5	The buffet at the Wynn is the buffet that in my mind sets the bar on what a great buffet looks like.  From the decor to the layout to the  quality of the service and food the buffet at Wynn has it all!  This place is consistently voted as one of the top buffets  in town for good reason; it's the best..
5	Let me start off by saying I hate buffets.  I've never liked them.  Never liked the idea of having to stuff myself silly to get my money's worth.  Never liked the idea of having to eat food that's been sitting.  Never liked the idea of eating a lot of poor quality food.That being said this place is absolutely wonderful.  The food was fresh, and the variety was excellent.  The offered everything from dim sum to fresh seafood, pasta to middle eastern.  And the best thing is I didn't have to stretch my stomach twice over to get my money's worth.  The deserts were also really good.  Best buffet I've had by far.  Will definitely go back next time there.
5	Yes, definitely 5 stars for the buffet class of restaurants.  You get the best of both worlds: Quality AND Quantity.  The food was VERY well done and I'm sure the Wynn takes a loss on profit in order to bring people to their casino.  The cost was $38 for dinner, however, because it was Valentine's day and the line was 2 hours long, me and my friend opted to pay an extra $10 each for the VIP package which included champagne or mimosa and skipping the long line.  SO worth it.  So we paid $48 for dinner.  Again, the food was excellent, so it was worth it.  And yes, I am kind of a snob about the quality of food I eat, so that says a lot!
5	This place and the Rio and Cesar's have the BEST buffets period. I'm down and I'll down many Mimosas to wash down all the king crab. They have it all. It's a beautiful hotel and I'm okay dropping a little $$$ on a craps table while there!
3	I have eaten here twice.  Once for breakfast soon after they opened.  I remember that it was awesome.  Most recent experience was a few days ago for their lunch buffet.  I found it a little disappointing.  As for the intel on going right before they switch over to dinner items at 3:30, it is dead on....meaning that you can pay for lunch at 3:15 and eat dinner when they switch out.  Now, there is actually an even better reason for doing this other than saving at least $10.  The reason to execute this strategy is because now you have hot food arriving and also, much more seafood to choose from, including large shrimp cocktail and king crab legs.  So why was I disappointed?  Well, we arrived at 2:30 pretty starving.  I had to pace myself to try and make it to 3:30 just to test if there was really no difference between lunch and dinner as many reviewers say.  I finally made it to 3:30 to see that the selection was much better at dinner.  Unfortunately my stomach didn't allow me to sample the new variety.  Standouts on the buffet for me:  kobe beef sliders,  kalbi steak, skirt steak and primerib and the jumbo shrimp cocktail which I managed to get at 3:30!
4	If there is anything certain about Las Vegas, it's that everything should be done in excess.  And food is right at the top of that list of excessive activities.  I usually hit up the Bellagio, but yearning something new, the gals and I tried the Wynn's house of gluttony. I was not disappointed.  Before I get to the food, let me just get a little Victoria Beckham in this review and say that the decor in this joint was just god-awful.  I don't know who the interior decorator was, but the place looks like all 4 of the Golden Girls vomited (Betty White on SNL!!!) and that crusted vomit was used for decor while poor women dressed in hot pink skirt suits walked around wondering why it is that the otherwise classy Wynn Casino would subject them to the horror of wearing hot pink.As for the food, it's a buffet.  So the sure thing is that there is going to be a lot of food.  But it's not a sure thing to get good food.  To maximize the returns on my investment ($31.99 + tax on weekends), I headed straight to the expensive stuff--shrimp, prime rib etc.  The food was great.  Prime rib was juicy to the point that it effectively bled all over my plate.  Other items were also flavorful.  After the savory portion of my meal, I headed over to the dessert spread.  I took one look, and I swear I became instantaneously diabetic.  I had some fresh ice cream, profiteroles, and cookies.  In other words, I was a fat ass, and I was happy.  Screw the Bellagio.  I'm heading to the Wynn next time.  Shorter line, and some damn good heart-attack inducing grub.  Perfect cure for a weekend of excess!
2	I shouldn't have had such high expectations for a buffet.  BUT... its a Vegas buffet and those are known to be some of the best, right?My friend was really into this place and since she has been to almost all of the Vegas buggets, she recommended this one and I was all for it!I wasn't impressed with the selection of food.  Thai Beef Salad - yuck.  Salt & Soy Sauce galore!Lamb - pretty good!  It was my first time eating lamb, so I have nothing else to compare it to.Lettuce Wraps - yum!  Crab legs - could have been betterCurry - bland... but the bread was flaky like a croissant so I liked that partSushi - worst selection of sushi I've ever seen.  There's a bigger and better variety and more tasty sushi at a local buffet that costs only $15 a person.  Stay clear of sushi here if you like sushi elsewhereDESSERT was probably the best thing that they had at this place.  If you don't like sweets, then you're out of luck here.  Sorry.I wouldn't come back here.  $40 a person is a pricey for such poor and small selection.
4	This review is for the lunch buffet.  The food was really good.   Although there was a lot of variety, I wish there was a little more (like at the Mirage).   But I give this 4 stars thanks to the unlimited champagne I received throught my meal. P.S.  be prepared to wait in a long line.
4	I'm a big fan of buffets, is it the variety of foods? Maybe it's the all-you-can-eat aspect of it. For whatever reason, I love to try new buffets and try different dishes that I would never order off the menu. It's like a fun adventure for me.The Wynn Buffet is top notch! The wait wasn't that bad, pretty standard at about half an hour. $40 per person is a little steep, but hey! You're in Vegas so expect to shell out some cash. Walking in you will see a whole bunch of colorful flowers, it's a very feminine atmosphere.Our server was very friendly and helpful, she always checked in with us and removed any plates and refilled our drinks the moment it gets half way, excellent service!Whenever I go to a new buffet, I always walk around and check out the food selection before I even grab a plate, and that's because I want to keep a mental note of the items I really want to eat, versus the I'm not sure but I'll try it cause it's there kind of dish.I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the buffet line, it was almost spotless, the food looked beautiful, almost too beautiful to eat. The presentation was classy and made everything looked delicious. By the time I sat back down at the table, I had the following on my plate: prime rib, king crab legs, red snapper, chilean sea bass, shrimp cocktail, mussels, skirt steak, mashed potatoes, corn on the cob, asparagus. All very good, they had a lot of seafood choices and a lot of lamb, which I didn't have any cause I wasn't feeling it that day, but I'm sure it was good.By this time I've opened the portal to my second stomach and I'm ready to hit the dessert bar. I have 2 words for you: creme brule Oh Sweet Jesus it was good! I could have eaten at least 2 more plates of it, but I had to leave room for... I have another 2 words for you: homemade ice cream, OK that's 3 words whatever, there's nothing I love more than ice cream, unless it's HOMEMADE ice cream. So rich and creamy, the coffee ice cream will give you chest hair, but it's worth it lolI'd like to add that they have restrooms just for the buffet guests, you don't have to walk outside to the casino and find a restroom, very convenient. Also, the stalls are very private, it's like you're in your own little world in there, you don't see that very often in public restrooms. You can tell they spent a lot of time considering all aspects of this restaurant and it really shows. This will be my new goto place for a Vegas buffet.
5	Any place that has a wide selection of dessert will lure me in, oh and all the other food they serve also. I was blissfully happy after I paid my dues and was able to walk from counter to counter filling my plate. If I could eat like this every day...Las Vegas has a few things to offer, gambling, food, and unusual sights. Being the piggy I am, a large reason I went was for the food. And so this will be one of 3 buffets I went to, one for each day I was in Vegas. The worst of this all?? Choosing which buffets to go to!Surprisingly I didn't have to wait that long in line on a Saturday night, about 30 minutes. I also got seated in the first room, instead of the other rooms which don't look so great. I guess it depends on what you like. The first room isn't decorated so nicely either. Big gigantic flower bouquet things surround you, but at least you have space.First thing about the Wynn buffet that is great??? The food is almost always fresh! They only lay out so much of one dish so its constantly being refreshed! And the food is so spread out that you get some exercise from walking round and barely any wait to get food. The only lines are around the sushi, and the prime rib areas. Everywhere else you either just swoop in and get all you want, or just wait for one person only. So no fighting over the food!So the best of the best? Ohhhh...the mussels in saffron cream sauce, udon noodles and the kalbi style flank steak! There was a decent variety of food, at good quality, and there wasn't anything I did not like.  It was either deemed good by me, or excellent. Prime rib, black bean chinese style clams, crab legs, duck salad, lamb, etc etc etc.Not to mention all the desserts they had. A small selection of gelato that you can pair with topping and pizzelles. And cakes and tarts and cookies. Usually buffet desserts are pretty lame, but I chose a few of these and found them to be surprisingly tasty. Gelato looked and tasted homemade and not just from a container. Pizzelles were crispy and light and airy. I tried the oreo cake, orange ganache, and the pumpkin spice cake. I stuffed it all in cause it was sooo good. Yes piggy piggy.I left a very very happy...slow walking...person.
4	Wynn Buffet is one of the best in Vegas. It's a little more pricey than some, but all the good ones are. Champagne brunch is fun here, they even pack you some mimosas to go in a coffee cup, so you can continue your 10AM buzz as you swagger through the Wynn/Encore area. The food overall is really fresh, high quality stuff. There are lots of meat, seafood, sushi.... and they also have specialty salads they mix right there, a wide selection of fresh, always delicious fruit, and this amazing brown sugar-cream-strawberry "salad" that is to die for. The desserts @ Wynn are amazing, they change every so often, but are always delightful. They also offer a decent array of sugarfree desserts as well (not my cup o tea, but hey, nice to see they have options)... Not really much else to say except last time I went here, my girl ate so much cuz it was so delicious that she was borderline overflow, if you know what I mean.Yummilicious Factor = A
4	lets see... $20 bucks gets you all this for lunch?- breakfast... bacon, eggs, omelettes, biscuits- lunch... kobe beef sliders, etc- a wide variety of fish for us lenters... salmon, this spicy rice shrimp thingy, snappers- desserts... cheesecake!anyway, i loved this buffet, probably one of the best buffets i've ever been to, and im a fatty.  not only was this place on point w/ the food, but it also had a very pleasant ambiance about it... loves it.
3	This buffet was just ok for me.  It was kind of disappointing, maybe because it was hyped up so much or perhaps because it was a Tuesday night dinner.  The line was 10-12 minutes long.  The presentation was great.  Service was just ok; we had to ask the waitress for refills on the drinks.  I liked the jumbo shrimp cocktail, dim sum, and cheese bar with grapes and dried apples.  The snow crab legs and skirt steak were on the salty side for me.  I was super disappointed with the sushi bar - only 3 kinds but no fresh fish that I remember.  I had the california roll and shrimp tempura roll which were tiny and flavorless.  Also wasn't impressed with the choice of soups, none of which sounded appealing so I didn't even try any.  No lobster tails.  There was a selection of 5 salads cutely presented in individual cups and the two I tried (thai beef salad and pear and gorgonzola) were nothing special.  Didn't touch the salad bar.  I didn't try the prime rib because my husband said it was "ok" and didn't seem too excited.  I felt like the dessert was about a third of my meal.  I really recommend the ice cream - the coffee ice cream was super strong and not very sweet, which was different.  I also had a coffee which tasted like a dark roast.  The made-to-order dessert crepe station was cool and the crepe was yummy, but there was only one guy making the crepe so there was quite a wait.  The strawberry shortcake and tiramisu were good but I've had better.In fact, there were not too many food items that screamed out at me and that I feel I HAD to taste, which is a huge factor in my tepid rating of this place.  It was good but I wasn't blown away.
4	In vegas, there are things that you can count on.1) you will lose money2) you will see people handing out cards for escorts at night3) you WILL see a popped collar4) you can go to a casino and eat your fill and then some for not too much.The Wynn buffet is a buffet that has lots of variety, quality, and is very clean.  For dinner, they always have roast beef and crab legs.  I'd say the only thing that is you really need to look for is the dessert and fruits.  They always have some great seasonal fruits.  Last time I went here w/ my lady friend, we went for lunch and I can say, the quality seems to have gone down.  Maybe I just remember it better than it actually was but it seemed like the quality went down.  My major complaint is that the servers here are not very attentive.  It sucks even more that they kind of pressure you to leave the tip at the front when you pay for entry.  I can't remember how many times I've been here and waited for 5-10 minutes to get a refill of a drink.  In the end, it's still my second favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  You can get an unlimited course meal of good quality for a flat price.  5-stars but -1 for inconsistency of quality and poor 'ish service.
4	Word of advice:Don't come here after a hangover.  Not a budget friendly thing to do.Otherwise:Clean beautiful space. Wide spread of international and american fare.Pleasing presentation of food.Most foods I tasted were flavorful.Huge elegant space dedicated to desserts.I'll come back for sure when my stomach is feeling better and take a stab at it again.
4	Wynn's expensive buffet is one of the best on the strip with a nice variety of foods, amazing desserts and the best pizza I have ever eaten from a buffet.  I also like the asian noodle soup station.A few things look good but aren't like the well presented but uninspiring mini-salads. Service can also be very patchy. There's been more than one visit where I haven't received a single refill on my drinks and when I am already paying top dollar that is unacceptable at a buffet. Still, a very tasty buffet that's best value at lunch time so you can avoid the dinner crowds and prices.
4	I really do like the WYNN better than the BELLAGIO. reason being:Wynn Buffet has Kobe Sliders!! YUMMM. I ate like 5 of those babies. The deli meat selection was OMG yummy. Fresh salami and mortadella and proscuitto :) And there were fresh cheeses too - my fave: Smoked Gouda :) Being the cheap-o asian at heart, I came here on a Sunday at 2:00 pm so that I could pay Brunch price and at 3:30 dinner items start to roll out :) That means MORE variety and MORE dessert selections! WOOT! The curry I had from the dinner menu was yummy. BEWARE THOUGH: My friend found a piece of HAIR in his plate of food. It was in the chinese broccoli that he got from the asian section. (Go figure if anywhere it would be there, HAHHA) A manager promptly handled the matter and we got COMPED for his meal.Overall, that doesn't affect my review because I was super happy with my meal (my other friends too) and the service was very attentive and prompt to handle our situation.
3	I wish I could give this buffet 3.5 stars, but I can't.We were super hungry, so are expectations were low. The Wynn's lunch buffet was pretty much the same price as the Mandalay Bay one, and that one looked like a Sizzler. The eating room was extremely nice looking, and the staff was quick and friendly. There was a ton of different food to choose from. Those are the pluses.The minuses: Well, the food wasn't that great. The sushi was terrible. The pasta was mediocre. The meats were mostly good, but not great. There were a lot of interesting ceviches to try, that was a plus. Basically, there were 75 different dishes I sampled small bites of, and only two or three warranted another taste. One of those was the pizza, which was surprisingly good, but not exactly what I came for. The other was as Asian inspired dish (though most of the Asian stuff was bland) with green beans and really yummy bits of steak.I just missed breakfast, and wasn't there for the dinner I've read about, so maybe I just hit it at a bad time.As for the dessert. Man, was it pretty. But that's about it. The girlfriend really dug the candied apple. Granted, i wasn't very hungry at that point, but I didn't think any of the many colorful deserts were all that great.
4	This is good. And I don't even like Buffet's.I went here for breakfast in order to save a few bucks, and I was quite impressed. There were all sorts of different breakfast foods catering to an international clientele as well as your basic continental breakfast staples. This is one of the more expensive breakfast buffet's in town, 19.99 just for breakfast- compared to 10$ at other resorts. However, remember, it's at the Wynn. The other breakfast option at the Wynn was some small place of which I can't even remember the name, and all the meals seemed to be priced around 15$, so after drink and tip, ta da, you've spent 20 just as you would of done at the Buffet. Only at the buffet, you get literally anything you want. I would definitely recommend this as the smart breakfast option if you are staying at the Wynn or nearby on the strip.
5	I can understand why its rated the best buffet in Vegas!! Great variety! Fresh salami,proscuitto and a array of fresh cheeses. MmM The Crab legs are divine. prime rib was cooked to perfection.They even had rabbit on the menu!! EEk! Lotsa veggies. Even Choi Sim!! My favorite was the fresh strawberry crepe!! Sinfully delicious! Stawberry shortcake was light and mmm!!
5	This is the best Buffet in VEGAS!!! Every time I think about this place my mouth waters... Everything was so delicious and the atmosphere was really beautiful.
5	Completely insane.  That's the only way I can explain this place.  It's expensive...when I went for dinner it was around $35 per person.  But believe me, this place is worth it.  The selection was great, quality of food outstanding, and more desserts than you'll ever know what to do with.  Don't let the price turn you off, if you go to one buffet in Vegas check this one out!
5	The wynn buffet never disappoints. It has seafood, Asian cuisine, American traditional food, some breakfast foods if u go at lunch, and the best dessert station!  I love the prime rib with asparagus finished with strawberry sorbet in the end. If you are looking for delicacies at a buffet this is it folks. Don't bother spending the same amount of dough at an expensive Vegas restaurant, just head to wynn!
5	i just went there with my friends 2 weeks ago.....for me i give 4 stars i like it i love foods i love survice....you can ask whatever you want i mean like soda,tes,water whenever you want it......we were so enjoy ,talk,eat,we spent time there like 3. hours hehehe
4	I have a tendency to compare all other buffets I visit to Wynn's buffet. No joke, it is the mother of all buffets in the world. I've been here twice and both times have not failed to disappoint. The selection at this fine buffet does not contain your ordinary buffet items. In fact, the food served is of utmost freshness and high quality. You can tell that the food has not been sitting under a heat lamp all day as the dishes are constantly refilled by the staff. Salads-Exotic selection. However, they need to work on not over-dressing their salads as they end up very soggy.Cheese/Salami/Prosciutto Section-I love cheese but they should really focus on serving the types of cheese that are more edible by itself. Who the heck is going to eat a cube of manchego or romano? Those are cooking cheeses for crying out loud!Pasta-The gnocchi with vodka-cream sauce is pretty legit! Everything else was ok.Seafood-You can tell this is the best part in the main entree selection by the amount of people lined up. Crab legs are a must!Asian Station-Kalbi marinated ribs and tandoori fish. 'Nuff said.Pizza-Thin crust, NY style-gotta love it!Sushi-don't even try. GROSS!Dessert-With a whole room dedicated to dessert, they've got to pride themselves with this station. In fact, it is my FAVORITE! Their creme brulee is definitely close to one you could get in Paris. The tiramisu was nothing short of amazing! I love how tiny the desserts are so you can try a little bit of everything. Don't forget to sneak a  cookie as you walk on out no matter how full you are. You won't regret it!They also have unique dishes such as game hen. Didn't try it though.This list isn't even half of what they serve so go on and check it out for yourself. I'm sure you'll find something you like!
4	My girlfriends and I had a lovely mimosa brunch here last weekend (Saturday).  We got there about 930 and had to wait about 3 minutes to pay and get seated.  Note - I am not a huge breakfast eater in the first place so I am not sure I got my $40 worth foodwise, however, being the frugalista that I am, I certainly got my money's worth in mimosas!The buffet spread is very large and in charge.  Lots to choose from (salads, charcuteries/cheese, made to order omelettes, congee (woo!), pizza, sliced to order bacon, pork, prime rib, sushi, breads, cereal, fruit, oh and a whole little room devoted to desserts!  Another + about this buffet is that the serving sizes are very manageable meaning it is fresh/replenished frequently and you (hopefully) won't gorge yourself on everything you see.  Also, they list any sketchy ingredients (gluten, shellfish, etc) for those allergic folks like myself so I really liked that.Everything I tried was delish - standouts included the congee, cream puffs and kobe beef meatballs.  Our servers were prompt and very friendly despite our numerous requests for mimosa refills and napkins for our numerous spills (I can't take my friends anywhere! haha)I would like to try it again for dinner.
2	This is probably the only thing that hacks me about The Wynn. I'm not a fan of buffets. Mostly because you never know who's dirty little kid stuck their fingers in the mashies, or how long the food has been sitting out. That being said, I've had my share of buffet experiences in Vegas and I actually prefer the Planet Hollywood one to this spot. I felt the selection was lacking, service was slow, and the price just really didn't match up with the amount of sub-par food I was able to consume. Was it the worst? Nah, but I won't be returning.
3	I went for a Friday lunch and Saturday dinner during 2 separate trips, no wait during either. The first time you go, you'll be completely wowed by the beauty of the decorations upon first entering the restaurant. I've never appreciated the display of buffet items much, but the Wynn goes above and beyond in the appearance and care of their food. The selection is pretty nice. You have the basic cuisines, your soups and salads, and I really liked the cheese and sliced deli meats section. But beware the prosciutto is not di parma! Is that a little too much to ask for? =PThe trick is to go slightly before lunch is ending, and eat until dinner entrees are brought out. Personally, I was not a fan of the king crab legs. I want them warm! I don't believe wine is included.. which was a bummer. If you like buffets, give this one a try. I think the experience is worth it, but the food is average overall. I do like this one better than Bellagio's but the M (Henderson) is far superior.
4	Pretty good buffet. The bellagio is probably better but this was really good. If you do the premium/VIP thing you can skip the line which is worth it. WE totally abused the unlimited champagne brunch option. Good deli meats, so so carving station items. Good variety.
4	Everytime I am in a mood for a buffet, you can't go wrong with the Wynn Buffet, they have the same quality and standards everyday.  The wait on the weekend is long, but on the weekdays and early, it isn't bad at all.  But it is pricey for dinner, look at spending 35/person.  The crab legs and creme brulee is my favorite.
5	This was our best buffet in Vegas. Our group of 8 went in around 1.45 pm for lunch on Friday and also had some genorous helpings of the dinner spread which starts at 3 p.m. The salads were great but the fish preparations were simply ourstanding. Sea Bass and shrimp scampi very good as were the Kobe beef meatballs. My wife loves the lamb chop medallions. Desserts were amazing, loved it. My 8 year old must have added at least 1 lb to his weight after surviving the Wynn buffet. Will do it again next time we are in vegas.
5	We had dinner here on recommendation from my friend Justin. Can you say all you can eat king crab legs! Seriously THE best buffet in Vegas! I ate way to much prosciutto too.
5	Long story short: best buffet I've ever tried.The boyfriend and I were torn between going here or the Bellagio, but this was closer to our hotel. We were not disappointed. There was a bit of a line, and I was prepared to knock off a star for it.But no, it was totally worth it. Where to begin? Big ticket items first. The crab legs were huge and succulent. I really liked that they were cut in half, so you didn't have to fight to get your crab out of the shell. The prime rib was perfectly pink in the center.I also had lamb osso bucco (sp?), salmon with some sort of carrot sauce, pork pot stickers, and several kinds of mussels. All of them were good.And... the desserts. They had a nice selection of sugar free cakes and pies, but I went for the calorie laden goodies. Chocolate cake with orange mousse. A couple profiteroles. And a creme brulee better than I expected from a buffet.Our busser/drink server was very attentive. The boyfriend's Diet Coke was always filled quickly. I ordered a Blackberry Margarita, and they did not hold back on the tequila. She noticed the faces I was making and offered to have the bartender make me another to my liking. That's service, and definitely cemented this review at five stars for me.We left full and completely satisfied. It was a bit pricey at 35ish (I forget) each for dinner, but worth it. Come hungry!
3	Only after getting a "friend invite" from a fellow yelper, and then checking out his take on the Wynn Hotel Buffet, did I remember that I did that buffet just a few weeks back. I had one of our customer service reps come from PA to help me do a show at the convention center. Our Wednesday night dinner needed to be logistically simple. I didn't want to have to do reservations and then wait an inordinant amount of time to be seated. We took one of our clients with us, and we three "did the Wynn buffet!"In short, the layout is similar to the Hilton Hotel buffet, and frankly, I remember the Hilton spread to have been more enjoyable. I was, sadly, underwhelmed. This is not a "kick-ass" great buffet, as some of us remember from the late 60's and early to mid 70's; Caesar's Palace Showroom Buffet, or even the pretty decent Golden Nugget Buffet that Steve Wynn revived when he made his mark in Vegas...before he started with his strip properties. Those days, and those buffets, in my opinion, are long gone.For me, the better food in Vegas is no longer at a buffet, but at some of the hotel restaurants, and certainly some off-strip restaurants. I'd rather revisit Vic and Anthony's at the Golden Nugget, pay my "half a hundred", and get a great steak, than serve myself with OK, but certainly not great buffet meats and carbs. Best thing at the buffet? The desserts. I'm always reassured when I see other yelper's reviews agree with mine. In this case, it's not because I'm insecure about my judgement, and need reinforcements........ it's because I want to make sure I just didn't hit them on a bad night.
5	if you love food, then you'll love this place. END OF STORY!i came here with a group of friends for a saturday brunch. sure, there was a line and the price was a little high, but i had to try it out after hearing SO much about it. and yelpers, i was beyond satisfied. the food was prepared exquisitely with the finest of ingredients. the dishes were constantly replenished and the selection was ENDLESS. here is just a glimpse of what i consumed during that 2.5 hour meal (only my favorite dishes): scrambled eggs, french toast, smoked gouda cheese + crackers, smoked salmon, cream/tomato based pasta, sushi, sashimi, pad thai, mashed potatoes, fillet of fish, naan.....ok, that's all i can remember but there was a lot more. the desserts were also incredible. the dessert section was a mini bakery/ice-cream shop in and of itself. just so freakin' awesome!so to some it all up: extravagance. if you're ready to indulge, this is the place for you!
5	I haven't been to a better buffet in vegas, than this one! Food: they have just about EVERYTHING you could think of.  Full salad bar (even with multiple types of lettuce).  Soups, breads, all different kinds of meats, seafood (crab, shrimp, sushi, sashimi), pastas, omelets, and much much more.  there is a huge selection of desserts, and they even have ice cream/gelato that they scoop for you on the spot, and put on toppings. yum!  Ive been here a couple times, and the food is always fresh. Service: even though the line is rather long, the wait time isnt actually that bad. The wait is well worth it though.  The staff is nice, the cooks/chefs behind the counters are friendly, and the waiters that occasionally come around are efficient. Ambiance: the decorations are so extravagant and pretty! they always have fresh flowers.  there is a TON of natural daylight, so the space always feels fresh.  it almost feels like you are outdoors.  very pleasant place to have lunch/dinner. Price: rather expensive, but for what you get.. well worth it! If you go here, be sure not to fill up on bread and pasta.  go for the seafood! yum! I would definitely eat here again when i'm in vegas!
5	This was one of my favorite places to eat while I was in Vegas. My friends and I loved this place so much that we went a total of FOUR times during our week trip to Vegas. We were able to try 1 breakfast (and stayed for lunch of course), 1 brunch, 1 lunch and 1 dinner. There wasn't much variation in the foods but there was at least a couple of new things every day. I have to say, after trying the dinner buffet at Bellagio, the quality and taste of the foods at Wynn are so much better! And yes, on all four days, the price would fluctuate (very expensive for brunch) but it was still worth it! We got really good service all of the days we went, the servers were attentive in refilling our drink orders and getting what condiments we needed. And almost every time I got up to get more food, the server would have already taken away my dirty plate by the time I got back. The Wynn had a pretty diverse selection of foods: they had Indian, Middle Eastern,  Asian, and a selection of fancy cheeses and antipasto, just to list some. I think my favorite foods had to have come from the desserts section (but I am a desserts girl). I love that they had handscooped sorbet and ice cream! But my most favorite dessert had to be the little tiramisu that came in a little espresso cup! My only beef was that the fruit tasted a little too raw, but there isn't too much you can do about that.
3	I don't get what all the fuss is about.  I've a buffet-lover and this one was just OK for me.  Yes, they do have cold king crab legs, and yes the food was clean, but other than that I much preferred lunch and dinner over at the Bellagio Buffet.The decor was nice and clean.  The dessert selection was pretty good, but almost comparable to the Bellagio Buffet.We went during dinner time around 8pm and there was still a line.  Service was mediocore.  It took awhile to get our drinks and they didn't clear my table fast enough.  I expected more from the Wynn, but I won't be coming back to this one for my next vacation.Overall, I thought it was overly-priced for the selection they had.  If you do love cold king crab legs, then this is a must-stop for you.
4	Great food, poor service..... But because the food is so good, you get past the complete lack of service... not sure why their are a few haters out there but I am fairly well traveled and found the food to be pretty exceptional, particularly for the price.... the only thing we did not love were the desserts... not very good......but the rest of the buffet items, both breakfast and dinner, where fantastic!
3	I do adore the weekend champagne brunch, but not for the food - for the champagne, of course!  The food...well, the food is "eh" at best, and inedible at worst.  The buffet is extensive and covers nearly any palette, but because it's done in such a mass quantity and left to sit out, is not particularly fresh or hot.  The desserts mostly had a rubbery consistency, save for the tasty peach cobbler and pecan rolls.  The ice cream bar is also a very safe bet.Steer clear of the shrimp...they were room-temperature and slimy on the skin, so we had to pass after a bite, for fear we'd get sick.  Most everything was heat-lamped too long and was too dry to enjoy, but if my tip would be to sit at a table with view of the buffet chef - you can watch them put out new dishes and run over to get them fresh.  They won't taste delicious, but at least they'll be consumed straight-from-the-oven.I have heard that the dinner buffet is better, but for the price of champagne brunch, I expected that the food quality would suffer, so I wasn't disappointed when this came to fruition.However, for the $30 or whatever it was, the ability to sit in a garden-of-eden-meets-Mad-Hatter-tea-party room with the sun streaming in, nibbling some food and drinking champagne was well worth the price tag.  It's a great way to spend a Sunday morning at the Wynn.So grab a glass, settle in, and, if you really want good food, stick to the fresh-made stations like the omelets, or just go somewhere else.
3	I pretty much come here every time I come to Vegas.  There has definitely been a deterioration of quality here.  First, the service was bad (seem like a recurring theme).  The waiter got our drink orders wrong, didn't refill drinks until we asked, etc. etc.  Also noticed the quality of the food was not what it was before.  It has descended almost to the level of other buffets.  It used to be that the food was fresh, as close to cook to order as it gets for a buffet.  Now, the food tastes like it's been sitting there awhile.  Overall, it was disappointing.
3	Definitely not the worst Vegas buffet I've been to, but nowhere close to the best. I did, however, spend 3 hours there spanning the end of lunch and the beginning of dinner, so I definitely got my $24 worth (weekday lunch).I was pretty disappointed by what they had to offer at lunch. There were 3 fish dishes that were all super overcooked and bland. Their tomato bisque was disgustingly sweet. The only real good thing was the short rib. Everything else was pretty standard at a buffet.Once dinner rolled around, it made the lunch price worth it, but I don't think I'd pay $30 for the dinner they had. They had shrimp, mussels, crab legs (though they weren't super fresh).The ONE great dish they had was the sea bass, which was fucking delicious. I'd definitely go back for more of that haha.I thought the dessert selection was alright. This is the only buffet I've seen that offers crepes made on the spot, and also gelato/ice cream served to you. Everything else was pretty typical...BUT NO FRUIT TARTS! I'm much more a fan of fruit stuff than cake stuff. The desserts at the Bellagio were a bit better IMO.But seriously, I can't really complain. I couldn't walk straight for about 2 hours after I'd left the buffet, so it was totally worth my money ^_^. Just make sure to pay the lunch price and stay for dinner.
4	I tried the Wynn buffet for the first time last February.  It was to die for!  I can't hardly remember anything I ate because I was so overwhelmed with delight.  The only thing I remember is the New Zealand rack of lamb.  The first time I've ever seen rack of lamb at a buffet and for this reason alone, I am in love with the Wynn buffet.  They have lots of higher end items that you don't normally see at buffets.  I can't give too many details about my dining experience, probably because I was high as a kite when I ate here.  Maybe that's why I thought it was so damn good too.  Munchies!!!  My husband didn't think it was that great.  Probably because they didn't have pizza or buffalo wings, his favorite things to eat.  *rolling my eyes*  Only bad thing was that i wasn't impressed with their desserts. Overall, the Wynn buffet was good but it still doesn't beat M Resort or Rio (my top two favorites).Tip:  Go just before they switch from lunch to dinner, 2:30ish.  You get charged for lunch but get to experience the more expensive dinner items when everything gets switched out.  We didn't do this on purpose but what an idea.
4	On my last trip out to Vegas, I was told that there are 2 buffets I should try...the Bellagio and teh Wynn.  So this trip, it was the Wynn that won out.The general seating arrangements are pretty deceiving.  There is the gorgeous seating area built for  smaller parties of 2-4 people right behind the hostess.  But once you enter  the buffet area, you'll see the standard buffet boothes, chairs, and not-so elegant furniture compared to what had greeted you.  The food itself is stretched alongside what looks like a long hallway.  From cold seafood like crab legs to cooked seafooed like steam mussels...you'll find many options in-between from asian, italian, american classics like prime rib and mashed potatoes, to pizza.  There is definitely something for everyone if you also consider the pasta bar, bread, bar, and soup bar.And the desserts, not as extensive as their food offerings, but still a good number of things to choose from including ice cream and crepes.  I definitely enjoyed every bite and also go my money's worth.The only thing I found distasteful, was the hostess.  She was extremely unpleasant and not seeming to want to extend any form of hospitaility towards us whatsoever.  We were a party of 5 and had to wait about 15 minutes just to get a table.  I understand that there just may have not been a table of that size ready, but she didn't even care to explain what was going on or offer an estimated wait time.  In one word, she was just flat out rude.  And I know it wasn't us, because at one point, another patron came to our table and said she was glad we finally got seated, because the hostess clearly didn't seem like she wanted to help.  Sigh.I guess now I really have to try out the Bellagio buffet on the next trip out there, and hopefully the food and the service will be great.Our actual waitstaff, they were excellent though.  Just like the food.PS:  For a buffet, I wouldn't consider this spendy, but that's how the Yelp price categories are defining it, it was like $35 per person.
5	I can't imagine how a buffet could be any better than the Wynn buffet.Upon first entering, the place is beautiful. It is neat how the flower arrangements are intertwined with different fruits. I appreciated just looking at that while waiting in line. We decided to go for brunch here, which is about $30 without champagne. That was the most amazing buffet for brunch ever. There is just about something from every type of ethnic food possible. There's even Korean! Sushi, shellfish, prime rib, slab bacon, seared salmon and snapper were just a few of the proteins that they were serving that morning. Everything was tasty, and not your typical quantity over quality buffet-type food. The dessert selection, particularly, was amazing. There are so many different desserts, house made gelatos, pastries, cookies, and pies that it's overwhelming to even look at them. The Wynn buffet is well worth the wait, price, and bloated feeling at the end.
4	The game changer for me, as I was comparing everything to the Bellagio buffet, was the carving station and dessert options. The lamb is great, and just like the Bellagio, skip the prime rib and double up on lamb, but also...they have slab bacon at the carving station...amazing. Other highlights: pulled pork/cornbread thingys, chilaquiles, gnocchi, enchiladas, fruit, endless desserts.Avoid: dim sum, thai options, kobe meatballs, regular bacon. The desserts really did it for me. Bread pudding, pecan pie, chocolate cake, cookies, cinnamon rolls, sticky buns. I didn't even get to try the gelato. Honestly, just check out my photos. You can't ask for much more.
2	I heard rave reviews about the Wynn, but I wasn't wowed by the food at all. I just went here b/c all my friends wanted to go here.I went for dinner which was $38.95, but since I ate in a big party there was an 18% gratuity which brought the total close to $50. That being said, I'm a huge fan of the Rio Carnival World Buffet, but I don't think you can compare the two. FOOD: The selection at the Wynn is different than that of the Rio. I'd say the food at the Wynn Buffet is more "exquisite" so-to-speak and approaches fancier type of meals compared to the Rio. I'm the kind of guy that likes T-bone steaks and all the other stuff you'd expect to find at a buffet. The only food I really liked was the salmon salad which I thought was the best. The Alaskan crab legs were also pretty good so if you like crab legs then you definitely have to consider this. The prime rib they gave me was REALLY rare, and I'm not a fan of eating rare meat at all. I'll only eat medium-rare at best. The Dim sum was alright, but I've had better, but if you pay $50 to have all-you-can-eat Dim sum at a buffet, something is wrong with you. The whole time I just wondered, where's the steak at???? If you like lamb, then you should try this place, they give you lamb racks and lamb chops. I'm not fond of lamb so I passed on that. But, where were the pork/beef ribs though???? I looked all over the place and no where to be found...FRUIT: After hearty meals at a buffet I always look for fruit to balance out the junk I've eaten. To my dismay, they really didn't have a fruit bar or selection fruit for that matter. The only fruit I really saw was cantaloupe, honey dew, and some other fruit. There were also fruits reserved for the crepes which were pretty good as well. DESERT: The Wynn shines with this aspect of their buffet. They have about 5 or 6 kinds of ice cream flavors and you can put a bunch of toppings on it similar to what you can do at a yogurt place (put oreos, sprinkles, coconut, etc.). Try the strawberry sorbet, you'll love it! They also have a chef make you crepes or waffles. Weren't the best crepes I've had, but A-OK none-the-less. A bunch of cookies and cakes are also here too.Bottom line, maybe it's just me or maybe it's the Wynn buffet, but I felt like it wasn't money well-spent. I'm not hating on the Wynn or anything but like I said earlier, I'm just not the type of guy who's fancy smancy when it comes to meals. I like simple things that make me full and the Wynn didn't have it for me. But if you're a big fan of the Rio Buffet like I am, then I don't think you'll like this spot.
4	$38 for weekend brunch with champagne.  $36 without the alcohol.  I opted for option number 1!The menu changes often, and it's pretty extensive.  This time around, they have a peppered maple smoked bacon and prime rib at the carving station.  The bacon was deliciously rich and tasty.The other selections were delicious as well.  Tons of variety, all of which were excellent in quality.  The service was trying their best.  We did sit there awhile for a few refills, but you can tell they were working they're butts off.  According to a pit boss, they've been cutting way back on the service, including all the servers and cocktail waitresses.  You can tell.  The line is ridiculously long on the weekends, so if you gamble at all, try and get a line pass from a pit boss.  That'll save you a ton of time.  Weekday brunch was a bit slower, and much cheaper.  $20 for breakfast on Monday without champagne.
5	I haven't tried the buffet at Bellagio, but will next time since there are so many comparisons made.  For now, I am still daydreaming about the Wynn buffet.Dinner starts at 3:30 pm and is $35.  There's always a line, so when my companions were running late for our 4 pm dinner date, I got in line.  I made it to the cashier in about 20 minutes, but they won't seat you without your full party so I waited off to the side.  The cool thing though is that the rest of your party can then go through the "express" lane to catch up with you!  So lucky them (for letting me do all the waiting) and lucky me (for not having to wait even longer to get my grub on)!This buffet was AMAZING.  Could you get better food elsewhere?  Yes.  But the point is that for buffet fare, the food here exceeds.We dined for a couple of hours and there was still so much more I didn't get to try.  I made a beeline for the prime rib (great) and then stood in line for the shrimp cocktail and crab legs (yummers).  These are the cornerstones of buffet dining so lay off those fillers (you know who you are mashed potato guy)!  I also sampled some bites from my friend's plate.  The herb crusted salmon with dashi mushroom in a carrot miso broth was fantastic, as was the sea bass with cabbage, bacon and fingerling potatoes in a red wine sauce.  It's surprising when fish is good at a buffet where the food is bound to sit under heat lamps or on heated trays.  Also good was the grilled asparagus.The dessert area made me wish I had a tapeworm.  So many choices (including a waffle and crepe station!) and such beautiful presentation.  I went with chocolate and vanilla ice cream (excellent) and an Oreo mousse cake (sadly it sounds better than it tastes).The sushi section (I skipped it) looks weak with only three offerings, but otherwise most buffet sections looked impressive like the salad juice glasses, the five kinds of ceviche and the charcuterie (I didn't like the prosciutto though) and cheese (love the gouda)!Can't wait to go back!!!
5	Homigosh, The Buffet at the Wynn only has 950 yelp reviews? That must be some sort of Yelp record, no?My friends and I decided to buffet dine at the Wynn since it was our last day in LV together. While all of us were sleep deprived, some were slightly hungover or depressed about not winning big! It didn't matter as we were so excited to eat at this famous buffet.All I have to say is that this buffet is one of THE best ever. It's worth the wait (as I waited about an hour) and price ($40+) Lunch. Oh, and did I mention bottomless mimosas too for just a few extra bucks?Look at what the main dining area looks like. Isn't it just simply gorgeous? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=A9lwzLYMlhlQkXyHs611DAThe food is absolutely amazing, as there are sections for breakfast, seafood, and other ethnic foods like Italian, Japanese, Chinese, etc.,The presentation of the food was absolutely wonderful, and the chefs were hard at work always putting fresh and hot new trays of the highest quality dishes.Everything I put on my multiple plates (from the eggs benedict, bacon, pasta, grilled fish, mashed potatoes, etc.,) was absolutely outstanding and delish. There wasn't one thing that I didn't enjoy eating. I died and went to heaven when I saw the dessert area. I couldn't stop saying "OH MYLANTA" with all of the cookies, pastries, cakes, and gelato galore. My fav was the pecan pie with a thin layer of chocolate inside the crust and the gelato. Num!Here are a couple of pics - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=phkc9wlQM4f2D2__GDS87ABeautiful Gelato and toppingshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=ikMzLsgFM-ipeCq1rsVY0AThe Buffet at the Wynn is definitely a Wynner! Special thanks to Janice C for this awesome suggestion (and even Plan A, which I'll go to another time). This was a memorable lunch buffet with my pals, and cannot wait to go back!
5	AH-MAY-ZING!!!!!The buffet at the Wynn is such a treasure that I am so glad my friends took me here for our dinner last night in Vegas.  It is what everyone has been saying about this place... absolutely delicious!For dinner on a weekday it was $38, no alcohol included.  The management at the Wynn was very sweet and was willing to accommodate us.  They helped us grab two tables, which while were apart due to it being a busy evening, was nice of them to give us that option (otherwise we would have waited longer for a larger table).  We had a couple of friends who had had a little too much to drink, but our servers were so kind in letting them lie down for a bit and asked us if they needed anything to comfort them.Now, of course when you're reviewing a buffet, it's all about the food, and the Wynn certainly delivered!!  This has got to be on my list of the top 3 buffets I've experienced in my life, and here are some hi-lights:1. Prime Rib - EXCELLENT.  JUICY and savory!!  Cut was excellent as well.  I went back for seconds, and I'm the type of guy that likes my meat medium-rare.  For my second cut, the meat was so red... yet it was NOT bleeding... was EPIC.  It is hard to cook it that well and have it lean towards rare, but not bleed.  Man... PROPS!2. Alaskan King Crab Legs - FIVE PLATES OF THESE ALONE!  I could not believe how delicious they were.  There was so much meat, easy to crack open... I was in awe over this.3. Chinese/Japanese food - There is few sashimi options, but enough Chinese and Japanese entrees to keep you satisfied.  I loved the sushi rolls and the friendly Cantonese speaking Chinese workers.4. Desserts - gelato was my best friend of the night.  Delicious desserts that really sealed the deal.The Wynn Buffet was an amazing experience, and I am hella excited to try it again... maybe with champagne this time. ;)
5	By far one of the best buffets I have ever had... ever.  When hitting up Vegas, you always have to hit up the buffets, but in all honesty, if you ONLY go to the Wynn, you're set for LIFE.  We went there on a weekday.  Dinner was $38 and if you wanted unlimited wine and champagne, it would be an additional $7.  Already buzzed, we opted against that, but  I rounded it up to $40. It's a buffet, but might as well throw in a little bit of tip right?  (If I had known sooner how great the service was, I would have definitely put in a lot more).First off, there was about 12 of us that went, and the way that buffets work is that they don't/can't move their seating around because it would just mess up their count.  It was super busy that night and it would have taken a long time for us to get seated and so the hostess tried to get us two tables as close to each other as possible.  You could tell she was definitely trying, which was way sweet of her.  After being seated, it took all but ONE minute for a server to come asking about our drinks.  I was the only one at the table when she arrived because everyone else had scampered off to see what was on the menu.  I ordered a round of water for all and a soda for myself and she brought it all back right when my friends came back to the table and then happily took another round of drink orders.  Fantastic!There was a wide selection of food available, but there were three things most notable - the Asian food, the Seafood and the Prime Rib.  Now, I usually don't care too much for Asian food at a buffet, but each item had it's own twist to it that made it very tempting to eat.  I'm glad I did because delicious.  Every item was really good, and it didn't feel too greasy or filling.  The only downfall was the dumplings.  They tasted like something my ex-boyfriend would whip up from some that were frozen.  It was very meh and (along with the memories) left a very bitter taste in my mouth; however, everything else MORE than made up for it.  Their selection of seafood was OFF THE HOOK.  I swear, the Alaskan Crab Legs were the biggest I have seen in my life AND they were HELLA GOOD! I had three plates worth, at least.  There was a wide selection of other seafood items, including Sushi, but damn, the crab was so good that I couldn't fill myself with anything else.Lastly, the Prime Rib was to DIE FOR.  The moment the butcher was cutting me a piece, I knew I was in for something amazing.  I already felt my mouth begin to water as he placed it on my plate.  It was cooked just right, savory and so tender!  It was definitely an experience that goes beyond words, so just trust me on this.  I'm definitely a meat and potatoes kind of girl, and the prime rib was hella legit.  Better than anything I've ever had at some of the "higher end" places in LA. For Vegetarians out there, they had a wide selection of pastas, salads and vegetarian rolls! :D (enough to make your money worth it... that is, if you eat enough of it)Overall, it was definitely worth the $40.  Don't go too drunk because you'll miss out on a great experience!  The lunch is slightly cheaper, but I don't think they have the same type of menu items that were mind blowing (i.e. the crab and prime rib), but if you're on a budget, definitely check out the lunch... it'll likely be better than any other buffet... even their dinner ones!
4	I never want to eat at a buffet again.  To be sure, this buffet is the best I've had, but TOO MUCH FOOD!  Then, the guilt begins when I get bloated...I feel like I had eaten enough to feed a small Urdu-speaking village for a week.  We ate here on our first day in Vegas, at the urging of my wife, who was told by her friends and relatives that gorging at buffets is the highlight of Las Vegas.  Except for the prime rib, I ate all the stuff I never order in restaurants: salads, Italian deli meats, sea bass, lamb, crab legs, etc.  After a while, all the food start to taste the same at a buffet.  A dish I normally would think is okay in a restaurant suddenly becomes bad here, just by virtue of TOO MUCH FOOD!  Then, due to Asian Cheapness, I just HAD to have dessert, just because it was included in the price--the crepes and waffles were wonderful, and they had gelato, but I didn't want to go to the emergency room on my first day of vacation.Sit in the area behind the hostess.  It is airier and has much better lighting to enjoy your meal.  The other rooms are dark and depressing in comparison.  Avoid carbs and go for the seafood and meats.  The service here is generally excellent and I love that I never felt like having to tussle with people to get my food, as I had to at the Bellagio.  There's a lot of open space and generally fewer douchebags of either gender to deal with.
5	First off, this buffet gets my 5 stars because it is the best in its class.  Its a notch above the Los Angeles buffets such as Universal Hilton as well as the ones in Vegas.  The second closest to the Wynn is the Bellagio IMO.The king crab legs are a good indication of how good a place will be.  The legs here are long and plump.  The way they pop out of the shell and plump up tells me they are quite fresh.  What stands out to me in the Wynn buffet is there attention to detail.  Each dish they prepare has a little something more that makes it stand out from the rest.  Its not just a meat dish, its a type of meat with a certain sauce.  The carving table options are better than most. I also liked their pasta bar which is operated by someone who is actually Italian lol. Dessert bar could be bigger in terms of selection but I felt it was sufficient.I have gone on both a weekend and a weekday.  The weekend lines are quite long (2 hrs) and the weekday lines are like 30min.  I believe the weekend price is a bit higher...as well as when holidays come around.  The weekday dinner price was like $33.  I think the price is fair and would not mind throwing that money out for such a good meal.One thing I did not like was our waiter who gave us our drinks.  He took a while and did not seem on point. My advice...go to vegas and indulge yourself in gluttony at the Wynn Buffet.  Don't leave until you've downed at least 3000 Calories and walk it off on the Strip. =D
2	This buffet is way over priced and isn't worth the wait. The food isn't that great. If you are going to spend $22 for a buffet, I would suggest the "M" resort where beer/wine is included.
4	3* for flavor5* for selection & quality of ingredients usedI've been to the buffet at the Wynn three times - mostly because we were staying either at the Wynn/Encore and it was convenient.There's so much decent to good food to choose from... I won't lie, not everything is delicious - and they often do change things around a bit. (That delicious Baileys Panna Cotta isn't always there...) However, they deserve a fourth star since there is ALWAYS a huge selection - fresh seafood, random sushi, 1-2 dim sum, red meats, pastas, etc. (If you know what gnocchi's supposed to taste like, steer clear of theirs.) I know what I like of the seafood, but as for the rest, I usually try a tablespoon-sized portion of everything that seems appealing before deciding what to actually eat.. I recall liking the Eggs Benedict on my most recent trip.. A bit bland, really. Like most things they serve.The best part is the dessert - although usually, by the time I'm done with half of my second plate, I'm too stuffed to try more than one without assistance. Everything is so pretty to look at and they have so many options it makes your head spin... I usually like to share them - that way, I can get a taste of each of the 10 most appealing options before committing to a single one (assuming I have space by then). My favorite is the Baileys Panna Cotta (of course).. but again, not always there.There is always a line. Do not be discouraged.. If you're there for the weekend champagne brunch, there will be plenty of mediocre alcohol on the other side to help you forget the wait.Make sure you tip when you pay, or you're going to be seated in the worst section of the place far away from the food and out of sight, where the servers hardly ever come around. Two out of three times, I made sure to tip well and, as a result, had seats in an ideal location and attentive servers that never allowed my glass to empty, and once.. a server that, after offering me coffee when l was first seated, remembered me saying that I like my coffee at the end of my meal, to enjoy with dessert. As soon as I brought desserts to the table, he served me a cup of coffee. EXCELLENT.
4	Dropped in here for Lunch on a Monday.  The food was good, my favorite was the skirt steak.  Chinese was so-so.  I didn't like the pot stickers.  Most of the food was very good.  A very clean buffet that doesn't try to offer too much.  The dessert wasn't that great.  Gelato, good, profiteroles too.  I think that the regular dinner or weekend price is close to 40 dollars?  I don't know how much more they can offer then the lunch on weekdays, which cost 25 dollars or so.  I'd shoot for that if you were thinking of coming.My biggest problem is with the wait that I experienced, we waited 30 minutes to get to the cashier and be seated, only to find out there were ample seats all around us while people still sat in line.  Come for lunch, cheaper, with a good tastey selection.
5	Worth every damn dollar.. This is what I love about Vegas, you can eat to your heart's delight and not feel so guilty because everyone else splurges just like you..I'm not gonna waste time and tell you what was good here.. Why? Becase everything is good.. Everything..
4	I really enjoyed this buffet. We went here for lunch during a weekday - more affordable, and the line moved fairly quickly.My favorite part of this place is that the selection isn't over-whelming. They cook a good amount of food, but they cook it all well. The carving station was very good, and they have a very good seafood selection. I'm sure dinner would have more things to offer, but I don't really wanna pay close to 40 bucks.My fave part by far was the dessert - their little ice cream bar was so cute and the caramel ice cream was delish - plus they put these waffle cookies in each ice cream bowl. I could eat those like chips.
5	Wonderful restaurant. More affordable for weekday lunch. Get in line before 2:45pm if you want to get dinner menu on lunch prices. Alaskan Crab leg are good, not too salty. Prime Rim is the best, unexpectedly tender. Pasta Station is wonderful, good portions too. Sushi and Chinese stations are mediocre. Sea Bass and other hot seafood dishes are delicious, served in tiny bite size for better sampling. Save your appetite for deserts too. Creme Brulee, Tiramisu are on the top of my list. Definitely going back for more.
4	There will be a line anytime of day, guaranteed.  My boyfriend and I drove straight here after driving to Vegas and we were starving.  We strategized and only had some fruit in the morning so we would be hungry.Even at 2:45 it took us 45 minutes to get sat.  Luckily we got in for the lunch price (woo hoo!) because the cashier was cool enough to speed it up.  Dinner service and prices starts at 3:30.As far as buffets in Vegas, I've only ever been to the Rio buffet and man that buffet is gigantor!  The Wynn buffet is quality over quantity.  For the size of the restaurant, I was actually surprised at how small the buffet line was, but everything we had was good.  Normally, something looks good, but the taste doesn't live up to the visuals.  Everything we had here was good.They even had King crab legs already split for you so you don't have to crack them!  See, Mr. Wynn wants you to eat more crab legs. Their dessert station by far is the best though...creme brulee, ice cream, cookies, crepes, cake, chocolate, fruit, bananas foster.I was content before I got dessert and then I left really full.Worth $50 for two people, I can't say I would go back and pay $80 though.
4	Huge selection of desserts. Good selection of main courses. Lots of different styles of food. They have asian, italian, indian, seafood, sushi, and many others choices to chose from. I have to admit that some of the meats were a little dry, but I feel like everything was really good considering that buffets usually don't have well-cooked food. We went for dinner which was about $35 per person. Expensive, but I thought it was well worth it. When i went there, there wasn't much of a line, but it still took like 30mins for us to get seated. Loved the desserts - all were great. Main dishes were good. If you want to spend the money, I would recommend this place!
4	One of the best buffets I've had. I'll start right away with the one downside--it's price (that's what made it lose that last star). Definitely need to budget it in for all us college students. But trust me, it's worth it. Now on to the pluses.The crab legs were freaking awesome. Damn. For real--they split the legs in half as well (I have no idea how they did that) so you don't even have to crack them open. The prime rib was really good too--juicy and not over-cooked. The Asian food was alright (the shumai was good, but the pot stickers were barely passable). But damn... those crab legs. And with some drawn butter... damn.All in all, worth my time. I'll probably go back the next time (assuming I can afford it, which is assuming I don't lose too much at the tables). I'll also try the all you can drink champagne for $7 (I'm sure eating here would have been a completely different experience drunk or at least buzzed).
5	Wowee this place was great. Forever changed my impression of buffets. And crablegs. A great, great place.
5	I had to review this  to thank all the yelpers who recommended this magnificent buffet. I'm on a family vacation in Vegas and we needed a place to eat on Easter Sunday. After reviewing several buffets I decided on this one. I'm not a buffet person, but this was AMAZING. I would recommend to anyone. It was well priced (about $50 on a holiday for VIP, meaning you cut the line and 2 drinks) and the service and variety of fresh food was spectacular. Personally, I'm a vegetarian and there were lots of options. And the desserts are all delicious, if you are a creme brulee fan you must try it. I will for sure return the next time I'm in Vegas!
4	This is one of the best buffets I've been to!Why, the quality of the food was really good. For a $24 lunch, this was cheap.  International stations of food was of great taste.  Most meats were not dried up under heating lamps, seafood was tasty and moist.  Special recognition to the cured meats and cheese, lamb, asian station.  Too bad I had to drive back home otherwise I would've ordered some wine to go with the food.  It would be a great pairing.Service was very attentive.  One thing, our party of 13 was broken into two tables away from each other, WTF???  The hostess should have done better to accomodate our group into one long table. We had to ask a waiter to at least but our groups closer together.  But, the food made up for it.Desserts, very good with a diversity of small size treats so you can try the variety.  Coffee complimented the dessert perfectly.At the end, all 13 of us were stuffed.  I'd come back to LV and make this a definite visit.  Even for dinner...or better, sunday champagne brunch!
5	The best buffet in town! We paid $34/person, kinda pricey... at least compared to all the other buffet in town, but it's definitely worth the money. And kids 12 and under pay half ($17), whereas other buffet places, such as Bellagio, you have to pay full price for kids.The food selections are great... not too overwhelming like some other places where it has all kinds of dishes for all types of cuisines, but most of them you won't even bother to touch or try anyway. This place has enough selections of food you'd want to eat or try out. The biggest draw here is their Alaskan king crab legs. They're huge and fresh and delicious! My dad had 2 full plates. I had my shares too. The lamb chops and prime ribs are grade AAA! The shrimp cocktails, smoked salmon (too bad they dont give you cream cheese) are super fresh... The dessert... pleasing to the eye and tasty to the mouth!!! YUM!!! Loved their cheesecake, cream puff and chocolate cake (even though I'm not a chocolate fan). They have a wide selection of sorbet and ice cream as well, and it's not from some ice cream machines. You get  to order it through the baker so it feels "expensive!" :)This is my second time here, better than I remembered it. And this is our 2nd (and last buffet) we had in Vegas for this trip. Will definitely come back again. If you'll only have 1 buffet for the entire trip, this is it!
5	Oh. My. God.This is the greatest buffet in Vegas, hands down.  It's large, it has everything, the service is great, the pasta station is phenomenal, the desserts are ridiculously good....And then there's the price.  It's comparable to other fine hotel buffets, but I'm cheap.  Still loved it though, will go again, just not every time.
5	The Wynn's champagne brunch is a glorious celebration of epicurean delights, complete with luscious meats and seafood, gleaming salads, artful pastries, and a decadent display of desserts that tantalize the senses. And the space is stunning, with vibrant flower arrangements, a cheerful, sophisticated scheme of celadon and yellow accents, and lightly scarred wicker furniture that evoke thoughts of a European salon or garden party. A beautiful, leisurely brunch experience that provides an oasis of taste in the florid, hedonistic streets.
5	My friends and I tried three buffets on our last trip to Vegas. This was by far the best one, and I can't imagine how it could get any better. It was about $50 per person. I can't remember the exact amount, but it was definitely worth the price. It was HUGE! Absolutely everything I put in my mouth was delicious! We came on a recommendation from my boyfriend's friend, and we were not disappointed at all. They even pre-cut the crab legs so you don't have to put effort into that. They have a wide selection of meats, from jerk hen and bbq chicken and prime rib. So many flavors! And their dessert bar was enormous as well. The ambiance is very nice. It couldn't have been better. I'll definitely be back next time.
5	I visited The Buffet over the Easter holiday this year and let's just say that this was by far THE BEST buffet I've ever had. The only downside was that I only have one stomach! :( There was so much food to be eaten but only so much tummy space before I went up to my room to take a nap afterward. Everything was fresh and served at the right temp. And the dessert! OMG! I was in dessert heaven when I saw the selection! I would definitely recommend The Buffet as the place to go while in Vegas!
4	At first, I was petrified...... by the price... I was like man this better come with some slot credit or somethin....      crab legs, although cold, were DELISH!  spread was decent... I expected better but it was definitely worthy of 5 stars.  My pick is still the M Resort Buffet... the spread there is amazing....  GET BACK ON TRACK... oh yeah... The Wynn Buffet, Everythign I had was cooked well and tasty...  I expcected more, but was definitely satisfied.... :)
5	I've only been to a few of the buffets in Vegas, but this one definitely is at the top of my list. We went on the weekend, where they offer a champagne buffet for a few dollars more. I think the regular price was around $33/person (on a holiday weekend) and if you wanted the champagne with your buffet, it was around $40/person. Keep in mind that if you hit the breakfast/lunch pricing, or go during the week, it is a bit cheaper. Going on the weekend will increase the price, and dinner is always a few dollars more. This is all pretty standard in Vegas buffet pricing, unless you are eating at a Fremont St. buffet -  then I wouldn't pay more than $8 or so per person. We went on a Saturday around 1 pm (the day before Easter to be exact), and we waited in line for about 15 minutes before we paid and were seated. We chose to get the buffet WITHOUT champagne, since we were still pretty hungover from the night before. When we handed our ticket to the hostess, she took several tables at a time to their seats. Very efficient. However, when they sat us, they mixed up our party with another party of 2, and our ticket was marked as if we had paid the higher price for the champagne buffet! Woo hoo! So even though we were hung over, you know we couldn't pass that up!Food wise, this place has everything. If you can't fill up on food you like here, there is seriously no hope for you. Loved the seafood station, especially when they brought out the giant crab legs! Eventually there becomes a line for these, but it is well worth the wait. Love that they are sliced open for you - it eliminates half the work! We got our money's worth in crab legs alone I'm pretty sure.The other food stations include sushi, Italian, freshly sliced meats, and way way more! The desserts are in a separate section and they all look so perfect that you almost don't want to eat them. Almost. There is also a full serve crepes station which looked pretty awesome! Everything is clean & delicious & well worth whatever price you pay. This place is a splurge, and there are definitely cheaper places on the strip, but this is a gem for sure :)Our waitress did inform us that the place gets very busy between 4 pm - 7 pm, where you may wait up to two hours! So if I were you, I'd avoid these peak times if you're seriously hungry.
2	It can be someone's top of the list, but I have to say if you like the glamour of your looks on food and the entire presence, then go ahead. Flavors still lack. I tried the breakfast and dinner. The options tend to be great on hot foods.For breakfast, my only highlights are the fried rice with chinese sausage, the chicken apple sausage links, and chocolate croissant. Other than that, it was a blah experience for me, including all the specialty eggs and crab, salmon, meat etc. Even the pancake and waffles I still think need some attention, for instance their fruit toppings (syrup for waffles) are all jelly jams. If I were to pay $20 for a buffet, give me some fresh fruit home made toppings. Deserts are exact like dinner, just fewer in selections but I will tell more.Dinner...$35...I was starving after a long long day of traveling my butt to my hotel in Wynn and post gambling mode, and could it have been worst to expect so much. Shellfish section...only shrimp cocktail and alaska king crab...goody, but where are the oysters or at least mussels? The hot food is excellent only the porkchops, grill salmon with salty shitaki mushrooms, and sea bass with green sauce. Love IT~! Now the bad side, the rest are blah ok ok, but the worst are the LAMB...DO NOT EAT IT IF YOU KNOW THE SMELL. They didn't spice it up enough and I can smell every bit of suttle lamb stink. Wanted to dispose of my dish once it went next to other dishes. Also the sushi? I don't call it sushi, since they only have 3 types of rolls and no sashimi...cali, something, and something. That's it, plus soy sauce is in packets, and wasabi is liquidy green tea looking.Dessert- I tried all of it, creme brulee is not so bon apetit...since the vanilla cream is plain. Other cakes and mousse are ok, my highligh is just the crepe...which you put the dressing on yourself and it's normal...and again the fruit dressings are not fresh...ugh!Because of this, I MISS RIO BUFFET...the hardcore seafood and their creme brulee and fruit tart.
5	Long line which you can bypass by asking the front desk for a pass (must be a guest at the Wynn). Best buffet ever, hands down. Sunday brunch with champagne is awesome but spendy. Just ask the waitress to leave the bottle of champagne at the table...it makes life a lot easier.
3	I was really expecting greatness when I came here, especially for the price. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. Most of my food was just lukewarm, but I guess that's to be expected with buffets. The best part was their little hashbrown balls with cheese (Heaven!), chicken/apple sausages, and fresh croissants. Did I leave stuffed? Of course. Would I go again? Nah.
5	I went to the buffet about a week ago, and I still dream about it almost nightly.  Just about everything you could ever want in a buffet.  It's like having an entire menu of a 4 star restaurant presented in buffet format.  They've got plenty of the quintessential high-end buffet items like prime rib, crab legs and sushi.  But you'll also run into a number of interesting offerings to spice things up, like the pasta with rabbit meat or smoked duck salad I encountered on my last trip.  When your goal is to try a little bit of everything, you find yourself overwhelmed by the number of options.  After a while I started to hope it would end so I wouldn't puke before I got the chance to taste it all.  The Wynn does even the simple things well, with one of the better pizzas you'll eat anywhere, and a spicy tuna sushi that was the best I've had at a buffet.  Sure there were a couple misses, but there were more than enough amazing options that I can't imagine anyone not finding at least a handful of dishes they'd love.The dessert is good, with a made-to-order crepe station that I couldn't stop going back to.  Their whipped cream was absolutely amazing.  Tasted like a whipped vanilla ice cream.  I haven't been to many Las Vegas buffets, but I'm not sure I really want to try anywhere else.  I could eat here every day of my visit and be completely happy.  Your best bet is to go for lunch, which was $23 + tax + tip when I went, then stay for dinner.  I'd go about 30 minutes before they make the switch, because lunch actually has some great offerings that I wished they kept for the dinner.  So you can get the best of both meals for an incredible bargain price.  If you're on a tight budget, go with an empty stomach for lunch and fill up with all the amazingness for the rest of the day.  A full day's meals for less than $30.  Try doing that at anywhere in Las Vegas other than McDonald's.
5	OMG, if you want the best Las Vegas buffet - this is it.  Crab legs, sushi, cooked to order while you wait pastas, potstickers, grilled salmon, mahi mahi, pear-walnut salads, oysters, shrimp, soups, croissants, gelato, prime rib, dark chocolate cake, champagne - they have it all.  Located at the gorgeous Wynn hotel, and all for around $39.00.  All you can eat!!!!! Plan on a nap before you hit the casinos or clubs after eating here-don't miss a bite.
3	I thought this was the best buffet when I first visited the Wynn but over the years, I think it has lost its appeal. The decor is still fabulous but the quality and quantity of the food has downgraded. My friends and I went there for lunch and it seemed as if they didn't have much left to serve. I got short ribs and they were really dry...couldn't even cut it with a knife! The best part was probably the dessert, which they're pretty well known for. The tiramisu cup and strawberry shortcakes were the best...but paying $35 for mediocre food is not worth it.
4	This is the best buffet I have ever eaten at.I had "brunch" on a Saturday and Sunday - cost was about $30 I believe.    You have the option of paying a little more for champagne - I passed on that.The food is incredibly fresh-tasting.   I tried a few new things and loved them.   I am generally not a buffet person - would rather spend more to eat food prepared just for me. Tip - If you are a gambler, get the Red Card from the Wynn since you can get a line pass and get on a much shorter line if not have your meal totally comped.
5	MMMMMMMM!!!!!!!! My stomach was so happy here!!! This place had everything I could every dreamed of! Seafood, Steak, Asian, Italian, for the health conscious -  salad bar, and even their very own dessert bar! I nibbled on one of everything and my tummy grew happy and happier. I will return to las vegas just to eat here again!!!!
2	Everyone says that this buffet is the best in Las Vegas. I can't compare because we only went to this one, but it's just OK.We went for breakfast, so they had eggs, pancakes, french toast, waffles, the usual. They also had all the regular stations, like salad, asian, meat, mexican and all that.The best thing I ate was the grilled corn on the cob. I didn't really LOVE anything else, though the Prime rib was good (cold though). They didn't have any real toppings in the salad section, but I was able to find them throughout the rest of the buffet.So for a sixty dollar breakfast for two, I wasn't all that impressed. We weren't terribly hungry, and a little bit hungover, so it wasn't really money well spent. Watching the poor guy at the table across from us hold his head, looking like he had the roughest night of his life was hilarious though.I tried trying as much as I could but nothing struck me as awesome, other than the huge variety (I actually liked the buffet at Foxwoods in Connecticut better).I also got pretty much one of every dessert they offered, and some of them were so bad I needed to rinse my mouth. The only one that was really good was the little cream puff with a raspberry in it.So overall, eh. Maybe if I was starving, but probably not. Especially after waiting in line for 45 minutes or so.
2	I can't possibly understand how this has gotten such high reviews. The food was extremely mediocre. Lots of items were bland. I wasn't impressed by the dishes at all. Very typical dishes for a crappy buffet (i.e. pancakes, eggs benedict, etc.)  I was there for brunch and lunch. The only thing I enjoyed was the prosciutto, but even that was not quality. And, the worst part is that NOTHING I ate was hot. I don't understand how I place like the Wynn, as pricey as it is, can't figure out how to keep their buffet food warm. (I've been to buffets that have been able to figure this out, and they're a lot cheaper)
3	Landing in vegas on friday morning and headed straight to the Wynn for breakfast/lunch buffet. We got in line around 10:30 and was able to get the last of the breakfast items before the lunch roll over happened.The waffles were still crispy and there was plenty of bacon left over.I was really looking forward to some crab legs and prime rib which i assume all buffets have now, but sadly they never came! They had some grilled skirt steak or something that tasted good, but seriously is no prime rib! For seafood there was only some grilled fish and stuff but i was left craving real seafood afterwords. The only saving grace was the 7$ all you can drink mimosa/bloody mary which i had 8 of, all before 1pm.
4	I was given the great task of choosing the buffet on our most recent trip to Sin City. So obviously I got help from Yelp and picked The Buffet at The Wynn.A few jaws dropped in our group when the sign read $43 per person..yes per person. But everyone reluctantly handed over the money and to our surprise it was well worth it.The crab legs were AMAZING, they were even cracked so i could began eating them right away. The sushi was pretty good. The desserts were everywhere, and the pasta..WOW i could back to vegas for that alone.
5	Ate at the lunch buffet a while ago. I still say it's one of my top 3 favorite places I've ever eaten. I especially loved the tomato bisque soup. There wasn't anything at the buffet I didn't like. We were there on a monday for lunch in the fall and there was no line ... which helped us like it even more. Lunch was about $20 each which we though was a great deal because the food was great.
4	Had dinner here on a Monday night.  It was a half hour wait at 8PM.  Dinner costs $35/person.As buffets go, The Buffet at the Wynn is top notch.  The only other buffet that compares is the Bellagio.  I haven't been to Studio B at the M Resort but from what I've read 1)  They don't offer King Crab Legs (only snow crab)  and 2)  Their seafood buffet is only for the weekends where as the Wynn's high class offerings are DAILY.I started with a plateful of King Crab Legs which are already split in half for you and some P&D shrimp cocktail.  The crab legs were tasty and not salty at all as some have complained.  They have a bunch of different salad offerings plated in individual shot glasses.  I tried the Thai Beef Salad which was excellent.  They have a limited sushi selection which I did not try mainly because I wasn't in the mood for sushi.  Their prime rib was delicious and cooked to perfection.  I asked for and received a perfect medium rare slice.  They can cut a slice from any doneness that you prefer.  The Sea Bass was delicious as was the Risotto.  Truthfully almost all the offerings were delicious and there was so many different options that I forgot what I had.  What I do remember is Osso Bucco, Jerk Chicken, Mahi Mahi, Snapper, etc.  They also have a pasta station with made to order pastas, plenty of different pizza offerings, and a varied selection of Ceviches.They also had a decent offering of desserts.  Fresh made crepes were available as well ice cream (not self serve soft serve, they actually scoop it for you)  The only problem was I was stuffed by the time it came to dessert and was only able to try a few of their options.  Offerings included Tiramasu, Creme Brulee, fruit tart cups, etc.Overall it was well worth the price tag.  You can find buffets with more items on their menu at a lower price but only at the Wynn or Bellagio will you find such high end items done right.  You can't compare.  As they say, "You get what you pay for!"
4	If you are in Vegas you need to try a buffet. And this is "The Buffet" to try. The Buffet at Wynn has almost too many options. It is sure to induce a "food comma" upon completion of your experience. There are just too many wonderful things to try. I felt like an idiot balancing the copious amount of desserts back to the table. But it was all totally worth it. I don't care if you are staying at another hotel, ditch their buffet and go straight to this one. You will not be disappointed. It is a quintessentially Vegas experience.
4	I loved the decor of the entrance and already set me in a good mood to start my meal off with my parents for lunch. It kinda looks like something out of Alice In Wonderland with its stacked plant fruit/veggie arrangement going in. I didn't have anything terrible. Some things were okay but there were many standouts that let me leave happy. There were wonderful fish dishes that were pretty tasty, good charcuterie selection, yummy little salad, great roast beef and lamb at the carving table. Decent tuna hand rolls. Carmel mousse cups were creamy yet light enough to not be overwhelmed. Gelatos had a good selection and very good! I always am willing to pay more for quality, and this was good enough to warrant the price in quality and ambiance. Sure I can get a fantastic one entree meal somewhere for the price, but sometimes I just want to try everything like a little fatty girl. Yeah, I can sit here and get my money's worth! Coming back for dinner or sunday brunch. So far the lunch was impressive. Definitely a favorite when it comes to buffets and I'm not a "buffet person". I go, but I don't do it often. This I would gladly come to a bit more often.
4	This is a good place for buffet if you're paying $40. I think you're basically paying $40 for crab legs, because that's what everyone gets here. So be sure to go straight to the line for the crab legs, because it's a long line most of the time. They also offer lamb chops, taste too wild for me. Beef rib-eye and brisket - not bad. Their fish- salmon, mahi mahi were pretty good. I love their desserts. They're small size and you can pick out many choices. Creme bur-lee, strawberry shortcake, banana and rum, chocolate cake...
3	The food was great, but the price was too high and the line was too long. For me, it wasn't worth it.
5	Not wanting to leave Vegas without having at least one buffet, our group ventured out to find one. We had heard from some of our friends that the Wynn buffet is delicious and well priced. Few of us were turned away after learning the actual prices (about $34 per person for Sunday brunch) but some of us endured. After waiting about 45 minutes in the line, we were finally there. The first thing you notice when you went in is the beautiful decorations of the area. Its area made us fill warm with joy and the vibrant colors really make you feel hungry. Next, the selection of food is very widespread. Prime rib and the crab legs are main eye-catchers, but other honorable mentions is the omelet station, salad bar, and desert station. There was also an area with different types of cheeses and dried meats if you're into that kind of food. Asian cuisine is also available, with steamed buns and few types of sushi.Service was absolutely great. If you choose to, you can pay an additional $7 per person for unlimited bloody mary's, champagne, or mimosas. Otherwise, all other non-alcoholic drinks are included with the buffet price. Our server was able to keep all our drinks almost full at all times and made sure any extra plates are collected quickly.Worth it. Even though the wait was long and the price seemed like a lot at first, the buffet at the Wynn is a good place to have a nice Vegas style buffet.
4	24 dollars including tip was an accommodating price for what I ate.3 kinds of fish, oh glorious FISH!Prime ribLambBomb Diggity sweet corn on the cobhash brown ballsfresh ice cream and cream puffsthai food, sushi, and even sections from a cheese block.Yeah...all in my tummy one by one.  I love buffet's and I love them even better on Monday's. Cheaper, less people, no lines. SOLD.
4	I've been to a couple of brunch buffets in Vegas, in the past, and I think there are better buffets than at the Wynn.  That said, I was pretty full by the time we left - there's a pretty wide range of foods, definitely something for everyone.  I really enjoyed the desserts - don't be fooled by the sample size portions, make sure you leave some room.  Totally bowled over by the fact that they had toffee apples - but please, can someone tell me if there is a graceful way of eating a toffee apple? The setting is beautiful! We sat in the atrium, in glorious sunshine, beneath the trees.  Perfect way to end our Vegas adventures.
5	Wow. I have not written a review for the buffet yet!Caution: Is more pricey, but you get what you pay for.Two words: Prime rib. The best. I love it.I will tell you though, the Champagne lunch for an extra $7 is well worth it because they load you up! It wasn't one of those restaurant where they forget and you have to call a waiter and wait for them to come back. No. They refill it whenever it gets somewhat empty or half way empty if they're doing their rounds. COOL!One of the best quality buffets out there. Trust me. My mom is Asian so I've been to my fair share. Tip: Since it takes about an hour wait. Why not get a late lunch, stand in line by 2PM, get in at 3PM and pay for the lunch price and at 3:30PM, they switch the lunch menu to the dinner menu? You get the best of both worlds! So genius I should have thought of it sooner! Foolish me...
4	Word of mouth has it that this place have some Alaskan King Crab Legs, it is true????Well, my group and I stopped here Saturday afternoon to enjoy some food. Advice: Stop by this place right before they transition to dinner at approximately 3pm - 3:30pm as you can take advantage of the lunch prices and stay just long enough to when they switch off to the dinner menu.....When I saw someone with those crab legs! Its definitely on!!! Selection was very decent for what your stomach is craving for. Seafood, Italian, Mexican, Asian, etc... and salad for those strange enough to actually eat salad at a buffet. All which at this point might seem standard for many new buffets at Vegas...The Roast Prime Rib and Roast Bacon was very delicious and cooked to perfection. The buffet offered high quality cooked foods. After several plates of crab legs, prime rib and roast bacon. The desserts was unbelievable if you got that slight sweet tooth. Gourmet desserts nonetheless topped off the entire meal all-together!
3	Meh.  In my opinion, The Buffet at the Wynn is to the Rio Seafood Buffet as Deron Williams is to Kobe Bryant - it's decent and respectable, but falls a few inches short of the greatest (three inches, to be exact).  Vegas buffets in general are top notch in comparison to the typical redneck buffet fare the rest of this country is accustomed to (ahem, Country Harvest), so you won't leave any of them feeling hoodwinked by culinary tomfoolery.  But when comparing Vegas buffets amongst each other in the bubble of excess, gluttony, and well, morbid obesity that is Las Vegas, you gots to drop some criticism where the criticism is due.This place is just ok.  The decor is amazing and the ambiance is radiant, but since we can't eat the plastic flowers let's just ignore this category and focus on the food.  They've got the typical Vegas buffet fare, e.g. sushi rolls, pizza, roasted chicken, prime rib, salad bar, chinese food, soup, blah blah blah, all of which they do reasonably well.  A few stars of the show:  1.  The Whole-Grain Mustard Seed Bacon.  Juicy, salty, pork belly encrusted with whole-grain mustard seed (which looks like peppercorn).  Enough said.  And if you don't like bacon, well, pox on you for being blasphemous.  I give this bacon three "Daaamn Gina!"s.2.  The Pulled Pork Sliders.  Pulled pork and cole slaw on cornbread.  Also a baller item.3.  The Prime Rib.  Really, prime rib is getting way too cliche at Vegas Buffets - can you guys switch over to Porterhouse or something?  It was good, but ya know, it's pretty good everywhere you go in Vegas.  We're not talking House of Prime Rib in San Francisco good or Stinking Rose in Los Angeles good, but Lamar Odom good.4.  The Dessert Bar.  Nice selection of sweets from ice cream and sorbet to cookies and pastries, glittered cupcakes to various pudding / mousse-like concoctions.  My favorite was a caramel / coconut / rice pudding cup (minus the white grapes at the bottom - totally inappropriate for this dessert - I suggest you leave them at the bottom of the cup).A disclaimer:  my true love is the crab legs at the Rio Seafood Buffet.  I can tear through those like napalm through a Vietnamese jungle, so I was disappointed when I found out that crab is only served at the Wynn on Fridays and Saturdays.  I'll have to save that review for next time.The verdict:  if you're fiending for some yellow-top buffet crack but don't have the financial wherewithal or desire to hop your rumpus into a car to travel to the Rio, The Buffet At The Wynn is not a bad alternative.  It'll leave you just satisfied coming out as it did going in.  But I digress.Happy endless eating Vegas-goers!
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas. First of all, the Wynn hotel itself is nicer compared to some of the older ones on the strip, meaning all their restaurants and casinos were newer and nicer. The buffet is a about $10 more than the Bellagio but the quality of the food, in terms of freshness and variety, seemed much better. The aslakan crab legs are always an attraction, as was the prime rib. I really enjoyed the salad bar and the desserts were pretty awesome (custom crepes and waffles!). They even had an asian section with dim-sum dumplings that weren't too bad. Although when we were there some dude passed out on the ground and people were just walking around him and the hotel staff to get food. Not the hotel's fault, but a pretty lousy show of humanity.
3	So the day we were heading home to L.A. we decided to hit the buffet--it was set up for lunch but also had some breakfast foods.  I guess they don't serve crab legs until the dinner buffet which was a total bummer because we totally wanted crab legs!  Anyway....after the buffet we came to a conclusion: we are NOT buffet people.  By buffet standards, I'm sure Wynn is just amazing--think really good wedding food--but it just wasn't our thing.  By the end of our 2nd plates, we were both feeling full and by the end of our 3rd plates, we were completely numb to the delights of food but still wanted to try the desserts.  Once you get to that point, nothing really tastes delicious or special so I can't even tell you if the dessert was awesome or not.I wouldn't do the Wynn buffet again but that's just because I couldn't appreciate ALL THAT FOOD.  They get my 3 stars for the fact that they did have a lot of food and much of it was tasty.  I would have given it 4 stars but service was pretty bad and no one was pleasant; this was a surprise because the rest of the staff at Wynn/Encore were all very friendly.If you like buffets though, I recommend it.  Here are some things that I enjoyed:The sea bass (the flavor was super delicious but it was a little mushy)The herb hash brown balls (amazing!!!) 1/2 mini baguette which I ate with butter and edam cheeseSmall cheese roll that I ate with capicolaCalifornia roll (the only thing that saved it was that it was made with real crab)Steamed leek, pork & shrimp in a wonton-like wrapperPork pot stickerStir-fry veggiesPistachio/apricot cakeChocolate oreo cakeStuff that was passable:French toast--too much cinnamon for my tasteMini waffle--too chewy and limp...the bacon was the sameSpicy tuna hand roll, & veggie roll - the sushi at my local cheapy Chinese buffet is better!!!Cha shu bao--the dough and bbq pork both lacked flavor so all that was left was overwhelming sweetnessThe mashed potatoes--they were pretty good but nothing to write home aboutThe rest of the stuff on my 4 plates (total) were just so-so miscellaneous nibbles and bitesWe got our buffet free thanks to slot play using our Red Card/ hotel room card but if I was paying, I would have felt compelled to cram A LOT more in my belly.  Most of the slot play points were based on betting the winnings from our free slot credit so it really was a nearly free buffet.  If you like to gamble, use the Red Card...you get 1 point for every $3 you spend and if it's your 1st visit, you get a free buffet at 55 points.  During our stay at the Encore, we tried several other Wynn/Encore restaurants (reviews to come) and were more satisfied.  Yeah, we're not buffet people at all...
5	This place is definitely worth the $42 (which is $12 more than the buffet at the Bellagio). The meat was cooked just right and the seafood seem a lot more fresh than other buffets in Vegas. My favorite was their dessert selection. They had everything! From creme brulee to tiramisu to your pecan pie. They also had a crepe station and a very extensive selection of ice cream (Bellagio only had soft serve and a couple of pastry selections). I would definitely spend the 40 bucks and come here again.
2	A lot of options a little taste.  This place is really overrated and in fact I think all of the restaurants at the Wynn and Encore suck, outside of the Italian Seafood spot.  Save your money and go to a much better buffet at Paris.
5	This is hands down the best buffet on the strip. I would recommend to go for dinner because they have a much bigger selection than lunch. The quality of food is superb, everything tastes like it was made to order. Even though the price seems a bit high, it is WORTH EVERY PENNY. If you're on that side of the strip go check it out. You won't regret it!
3	Went for lunch with the GF and this place was waaaaaay too over priced.  I haven't been during dinner time when they bring out the King Crab so I can't talk about dinner.  The food was great but it just didn't seem like it was worth the money.  It is very gluttonous and the desserts were only meh.  Would I recommend it or go back?  Probably not unless it was dinner.
4	This place is definitely in the Top-3 buffet that Vegas has to offer. Their seafood are fresh and the decor is off the hook. Great place.
4	I have to say that the Wynn buffet did impress me.  The different assortment of higher quality food (for a buffet) was excellent.  However, I was conflicted with giving it 3 stars because of the service.  It took a long time for my girlfriend and I to get a glass of water.  Then afterwards, they forgot about our refills even though we repeatedly asked.  Busy or not, this shouldn't be tolerated.  Also there was a gnat in my girlfriend's food.  This could have been from the floral arrangements located around the buffet.  They did give us a free glass of champagne for that, however, the service was still abysmal.  If you can put the service aside though, the food was great, the desserts were average with ice creams, cakes, and other goodies you would find at a buffet.  If you want to try items such as lamb, rabbit pasta, and other entrees you wouldn't usually find at other buffets, then try this out.
5	The pinnacle of Vegas buffets.  They offer all sorts of cuisines here at the Wynn and every single one is done surprisingly well.  Great meat selection at the carving station, and the seafood selection is ample as well.  Crab legs cut in half, piles of cocktail shrimp ready for the taking, and even a nice sushi selection on the side, with hand rolls being my favorite although you gotta get it when it just comes out or else the seaweed will get soggy and that's no fun.A good deal of grilled items, which to me shows that they are actually spending to effort to make their items, rather than taking the easy road and frying everything.  BBQ sliders, hen, grilled pork chops, and roasted fish are just a few the good ones.  As for the carving station, definitely go for the bacon if they have it.  It is just a beautiful piece of meat done right.If you go there for brunch, there's an omelette station and once dinner service starts at 3:30pm, it turns into a made-to-order Italian pasta station.  I love the pasta there, especially when you can have it made with the ingredients you like and the sauces to go with it.  Nothing better than to sit here for 3+ hours and eat different meals all in one sitting :P As for the dessert selection, it beats all others as well.  Just the ice cream is a good enough reason.  Their coffee ice cream is bitter like real coffee and they offer good toppings for your ice cream.  Pile them almonds!  You can even order crepes which is just fun cause you can choose different toppings to overdose on sugar.  My favorite dessert though is the creme brulee just cause I'm a sucker for them hahah.This buffet seriously stands alone at the top by itself.  I absolutely love coming here.  The quality is there and I really think everything is just done with much more effort.  At $30-40 it is a bit pricey and the wait can be long but hey, it's worth it.
4	The place was very nice. The food there had the good stuff. Seabass (but taste wise wasn't that great), King Crab etc. Compare this place to  the Bellagio's buffet, Bellagio was better. But the quality of food is better at the Winn's. I was surprise that there's not as many people here I had to wait in a huge line at the Bellagio.
5	by far the best buffet in Vegas.  This is a 5 star buffet.The only closest one is Bellagio's weekend buffet and that is at most a low 4 star. We ate at the Wynn on a Monday night.  Compared to other buffets, the Wynn Buffet has quality, not quantity.  Prime Rib was good.  Their lamb was excellent with lamb ribs, lamb tbone steak, and lamb stew.  I tried a small piece of their sea bass and that was excellent as well.  King crab legs was delicious.  So was the smoke salmon.  Everything was so well made, tasteful, and fresh.  I've tried most of the buffets in Vegas and this is by far the best.Their dessert was good, but not mind blowing, but maybe because I was so stuffed from eating everything else.  The waiter service was the only downfall.  We didn't even get our drinks refilled until we were about to leave.
4	I love the Wynn Buffet! But honestly, I can't compare it to other Vegas buffets because this is the only one I've tried. When I came here this weekend the bf & I ended up getting free buffet, because of their current anniversary promotion -- if you get 55 points on your Red Card, free buffet! WOO HOO! Free meal!Everyone seems to love the King Crab Legs, Prime Rib, Rack of Lamb, desserts, etc. The food is delicious, the staff is attentive (they clear your plates every time its empty, refill your drinks as soon as its low, etc.), and the restaurant is clean. I definitely recommend coming here for good buffet. But next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going to have to try a buffet other than the Wynn.
4	Bomb ziggityyyyTheir sushi/seafood section wasn't as big as Bellagio buffet so it gets 4 stars. Other than that, it was soooooooo gooooood!Lamb chops- yumprime rib- yumcrab legs- yum and better than bellagio'smake your own crepe station-yumfresh sorbet- yumcheese and cracker section was unique, but didn't tryEverything is really good! my friends were going crazy over the corn too.  Yay for buffets!!
1	Wow, I had such high expectations for this buffet, with the highly rated 4 stars on yelp, but I'm really questioning the 1000+ reviewers on this board!  but then again my opinion is often different from everyone else's.  I like to consider my standards higher than the average joe.So we get to the Wynn Sunday Brunch buffet, the wait on line is twice as long as Saturday Brunch at the Aria and $10 more expensive.  If that doesn't set the expectations for a fabulous brunch I dunno what does.  The flower decor was gorgous and I couldn't wait to enjoy what everyone on yelp was saying was a "worth the price" buffet.I get to the buffet, 80% of the meat was pork (the cheapest meat on the market, avoided by many american religion, and shunned by the aristocrat) so imagine my surprise of finding all this pork at "the wynn"...the non pork meat was, rotisserie chicken, fatty prime rib (with no flavor), cold salmon.  Apparently red snapper was on the menu based on the notice outside but I didn't see any of that.  They had a lot of shellfsih, mostly shrip, i don't remember seeing any crabs, but I'm sure they were there, but I didn't see it on anyones plates either, where as at the aria buffet, they had a long line infront of the crabs, and people were eating it up!Service was crap.  The waitress never cleared out plates, we started piling it up, everytime i wanted a drink i had to hunt her down.  I needed another spoon and after waiting five minutes just took it off of someone else's already set up table.  She was friendly enough though, but did bad waitressing.Anyway I brought all this to the attention of the manager on duty, Deanna, and she's like oh i'll let my chef know, and we have won five star and five diamond stars for our buffet.  I"m like what?!? five diamonds? for serving 80% pork and tasteless other meats? I mean the decor is the only thing this buffet had going for it, and there is limited seating in the garden area.  She also said the wait is usually this long and the menu is always the same, and no one has ever complained to her before.  So i was quite shocked.anyway don't go to this buffet unless you want cheap meat decorated as "gourmet".  And I would love it if the person who gave this buffet the five diamond rating contacted me, because I need to pitch for his or her job.
4	Congeeeeee!Okay, so that's my favorite part. Comfort food - there is no rhyme or reason.The first time we came here about 5 months ago, we stayed at Vdara and decided to earn our meal by making the walk to the Wynn. It was FAR. But it had rained the night before and the weather was cool so the walk was pleasant. By the time we got to the buffet, I was so hungry, I would've eaten a shoe. Mission accomplished!Went again this past weekend but this time, we monorailed it (yeah, I just verbed it... or gerunded it) to Harrah's and walked the rest of the way. Still far! Stupid Wynn. There's a good selection of food from roasts, ribs, american, Mediterranean, sushi, ceviche, salads, soups, desserts, etc. If you come here looking for some standout item - there really isn't one. But I appreciated the consistency for ALL of the items.And in terms of weekend brunch prices, right on par for what you get. Bottomless champagne for an additional $7? Aint nothing wrong with that.
4	Awesome buffet, huge variety of food and almost all is delicious, this is my second favorite buffet in Vegas. I would kill for some of there egg benedicts right now. Should try this place once and I'm sure you'll come back.
4	In my head there's been an on going battle between the Wynn Buffet and the Bellagio Buffet. And everytime these two duke it out, Bellagio ends up victorious. That's not to say that this place isn't great, it's just not as good as the Bellagio. It has everything you'd expect from a high priced buffet in a 5 diamond hotel, so there's no reason for me to reiterate. Yet, every now and then this place surprises me and comes out with a dish or two that I find myself get seconds and thirds and fourths for. But in general, the over food here I find less appealing than Bellagio. I mean, either place you decide to eat  at would be a win-win situation, it's just that you'd win more at Bellagio. Maybe you should take this coke vs. pepsi challenge and deside for youself. I prefer coke, and Bellagio is my coke...in a tall glass with ice on a hot summer day.The gist...PROS: High quality, large selection. You definitely get your moneys worth.CONS: Not Bellagio
4	One of the best buffets on the strip!Lots of options with top of the line quality. Now, you're not going to get the best restaurant quality, but it gets really close. Since this is one of the better buffets, it is a bit pricey, so be prepared.Good: Tasty food, even for a buffet.Bad: Get pricey and the lines get long.Final: For a tasty buffet in Vegas, this is the place to go.
4	Clean, and not extremely crowded.I've been to various buffets in Vegas, but what struck me the most about the Buffet at the Wynn was the fact that it was clean and neat. Then again, it was a Thursday night.I was there during the Wynn's 5th anniversary, and so with 55 points on your Red card, you could get a free meal at the buffet. Sign me up! After some heavy playing on the slots, I got my 55 points and my "free" buffet.It was my first time at the Wynn, so I spent some time wandering and looking at all the choices while everybody else made a beeline to the stations that they liked the most.  There is a seafood station on one side, with cocktail shrimp and crab legs. Most people were loading up on them. The seafood was good, and the cocktail sauce was a lot spicier than I'm used to. It definitely had a kick to it.  As you walk along the rest of the buffet, they had some international food stations, featuring Chinese (with lo mein, and dumplings), Indian (curry, lamb, etc), Italian (pasta station, osso bucco), the requisite carving station, and then some hot seafood items (various fish in different sauces). The other end of the buffet had a charcuterie, salad bar, and soup.  Towards the center of the buffet area was the dessert station, which was probably my favorite due to the all the pretty desserts in the little plastic containers, and the crepe and waffle station.Overall, I thought the food was better than I had expected. Because it was a buffet, I didn't expect the food to be amazing (even though it was the Wynn), so I was definitely surprised by the fresh quality of the food. Nothing really tasted as if it had been sitting out under the heating lamps for hours on end. I was disappointed by the sushi selection, however, and consisted of two different rolls.  Overall, the food selection wasn't as varied as what you would find at some of the other buffets.  However, I think that's a good thing because one problem I have with buffets is that I always feel like I didn't get to try everything I wanted because there was just too much to choose from (I'm quite indecisive at times). Therefore, having a varied, but slightly more limited selection, allowed me to enjoy my meal fully without wondering if I "missed something at that really far away station I couldn't get to".  I also liked the crepe station because it's made right in front of you. However, when they make the (customized) crepe for you, they add a lot of filling to the crepe, so it loses its crispy texture.  Still good, however, but slightly overwhelming in size.  The service here is superb as well.  Our server quickly removed our empty plates and dishes, and refilled our beverages promptly.  The atmosphere is nice as well; it wasn't really loud or noisy so we were able to enjoy our meal, as well as have a good conversation while we were enjoying our after-dinner coffee as well.  This is now one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas, and can't wait to return. While I will, because I ended up getting another free buffet meal courtesy of my Red Card.
4	Pros: A LOT of choices of food to choose from. They have a seafood section, meat section, cheese section, and even a pasta station where they cook the pasta in front of you. King crab legs are a must, prime rib, rack of lamb, and risotto were very tasty. Had a lot of different desserts as well as a crepe station which was very good.Cons: A little on the pricey side but its Vegas so what do you expect. Paid a little under 50 for dinner but was well worth it. Lines can be extremely long if you come during their peak hours. I also think some of the food was pretty bland and that they only focused on certain dishes which were amazing.Overall I had a great experience at this buffet and would definitely go again. Good food, excellent service, and nice atmosphere. A place I definitely recommend to eat at in Vegas.
4	i love this place! it is pricier then other buffets, but really, you get what you pay for. the quality of the food here is above and beyond any other buffet i've tried on the las vegas strip.  and they have a large selection of food and different cuisines. they had thousand year old egg porridge here. wha??WARNING: they almost double the price of the buffet on holiday weekends. this is not fun! but i'm sure all the other hotels are doing it too. does that make it ok? no. but i'm just putting it out there. ha.the last time i came here though, i was pretty disappointed in their dessert selection; and they didn't have crab legs! we were here for lunch.if you want to be economical, come here for a late late lunch and stay for dinner! that way when they bring out the crab legs and extra desserts, you're there to eat them too! they end lunch at 3:30pm, that's not late at all!
2	This review is for their brunch buffet.  I've actually been to their dinner buffet before and I'd give their dinner buffet 4 stars!  So I was hoping brunch would live up to their dinner, but sadly, it didn't.  Brunch was $40 and I was really excited cuz I was starving, but when I got my food an started eating, I was disappointed.  Nothing really stood out as being really good.  Presentation is nice, but if the food's just ok, it makes me sad.  I got a lot of food (I eat a lot) - prime rib (which was ok and kinda tough and bloody, but I've definitely had better), ribs (which were dry), squid ceviche (meh), dungeoness crab quiche (didn't see or taste the crab), an omelet (just an omelet), eggs benedict (i've definitely had better, and the muffin was burnt), cute mini waffle with fruit (i think this was my favorite, which is kinda sad), congee (I was surprised they had preserved eggs, but the congee itself lacked flavor and needed a lot of salt), yogurt parfait (i sadly think mcdonald's is better and i'm boycotting that place!), grapefruit (sour), a macaroon (not good...so sad!), bread pudding (i've had so much better!!), this marshmellow thingy (meh) and a couple other desserts which weren't very memorable.  As far as service goes, our waitress was...not sure how to put it...she asked if we wanted drinks and we all gave her our order but when she repeated it, she forgot a few of our drinks and we had to repeat it for her.  She didn't write anything down and when she came back with our drinks, she kinda got it wrong...Overall, I left feeling full, but dissatisfied.  I've had my share of buffets in Vegas, and although I think this place has a pretty good dinner buffet (from the last time I was here, which was a few years ago...I'm hoping it's still the same), they need to up it a notch or two for their brunch.  My fav so far is Bellagio's brunch AND dinner!  We only chose to come here cuz the wait was shorter (half hour compared to an hour and a half at Bellagio, but I guess there's a reason...).
5	I've been to all the top buffets in Las Vegas -- Rio, Bellagio, Paris, etc. -- but the Wynn tops them all. Now their selection isn't as big as The Bellagio's, but their quality is much higher.The crab legs are larger and have much more flavor. Their whole-roasted bacon, prime rib and other roasts are unbeatable. Their desserts are just awesome -- the tiramisu is presented very nicely in a small shot glass and is just tasty. During the brunch, the eggs benedict is just awesome.Well, I can go on and on about it, but you should just try it for yourself and make your own decision.My personal tip: Everyone says to come around 2:30 so you can get the brunch/lunch-dinner shift. I would say come around 2:00 instead because they stop replacing the good food in order to prepare for the next meal. For dinner, they don't start bringing all the good stuff until 4:30 anyway. If you're here with friends and family, I'm sure you'll be hanging around for awhile anyway.
4	This review is only for Breakfast.We ended up getting breakfast here twice as we were staying at the Wynn. I am not a huge fan of buffets as I dont think that hot food can taste like it was meant to be if it sits out for a while (especially eggs). However, the Wynn Buffet is the best of the bunch on the strip (for breakfast)The selection of entrees, eggs and desert is vast. You are likely going to eat more than you should and regret your decesion on your way out. We did !Anywho, you are on vacation and dont have to work after eating here.....so when in Rome :)
5	For a Las Vegas buffet, I was told this place was semi pricier than the rest, but it is so worth it.  I was mildly disappointed that they didn't have raw oysters or a better selection of sushi, but their other dishes made up for it.  I went back many times for the chicken salad wraps, Lamb, freshly made pasta and pumpkin Tortellini.  The chef's station there can create almost any pasta masterpiece you desire, with fresh ingredients and please please add tonnes of roasted garlic! At about $50 a person it's a good value.  Just be prepared to stay a while and enjoy their hot chocolate while you're at it.
5	How good was it...? We had breakfast, lunch and dinner...all different days ofcourse-we stayed at the Wynn and it was convenient but the reason we came was the food. The chilean sea bass is DELICIOUS...the crab legs are pre-cut...the little salad shots yumm-o. Alright so everything except the scrambled eggs were great. If you are looking for a buffet...save yourself the disappoinment...this is the buffet to be...oh yah...I won a free brunch from the player's card...take advantage of it
5	We went at around 3:10 and got to eat the lunch menu (with kobe beef balls, St. Lous style ribs, fried chicken, etc. ) and then we got to eat their dinner menu at 3:30 with crab legs, cocktail shrimps, mussels, lamb, etc.).  I've eaten at Bellagio and Mirage and this place totally blew them out of the water.  You get what you pay for and this place certainly gives you what you pay for.  Almost everything tasted great here.  You can really taste the quality and time that the chefs put into creating and cooking the dishes that they have.  I could eat here everyday!!!  :)
4	I'm really not a buffet person, but I always try to hit up at least one while I'm in Vegas. Tradition, I guess. So, this one was on my list. When we signed up for the Red (Players) card, we were told that we only needed 55 points to earn a free buffet! Alright! Sooooo, $100 dollars later (each!) we had earned our "free" buffet. Since we don't eat until later anyway, and it was a Wednesday, the line wasn't really long. Our server was absolutely incredible. Our drinks were always filled and our used plates were constantly pre-bussed. Yay for good service!On to the food! I thought the salad station was okay, nothing out of the ordinary. Honestly, I prefer the Cravings Buffet's salad station at the Mirage where they custom mix your salad into this gorgeous chopped salad. Anyway, I thought that they had a lot of high-end food. If I eat at a buffet, I stay away from a lot of the filler foods (bread, pasta, pizza) so that I have room for the real food (prime rib, crab legs, shrimp, etc). Let me tell you, if you only get one thing, the king crab legs are SO worth the buffet price. They are even split for you! I just wish that they were hot. The prime rib was good, not great. My bf said that all of the fish he got was cold. I do wish that I had saved room for some of their chicken panang! The dessert station was incredible and large. The crepe and waffle stations were a nice touch, as was the selection of gelato. Creme brulee was meh.
2	Wow has this place gone downhill since the last time I was here! Okay, it has been about 2-3 years ago but you would think that they would only get better!! We came here on Sunday afternoon for their brunch. It wasn't our first choice but the wait was shorter here compared to the buffet at Bellagio. I paid $40 and it was definitely not worth it!Highlights of my meal: french toast, tuna ceviche with jicama (but small chunks of tuna), cocktail shrimp, madeline (pretty moist)LOWlights of my meal: tuna hand roll (gross!), bloody prime rib, service sucked, waiting in line for mediocre foodThe last time I was here, I did love the butternut squash ravioli. Too bad they didn't have it this time. Check out my friend Pauline L.'s more detailed review http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-buffet-at-the-wynn-las-vegas-2#hrid:ctLBdXECV42Gqi7c4jjKpQ
4	If you're willing to fork over the money, then yes, their dinner is worth it! I came here on a Friday before 8PM expecting a 2 hour wait, but surprisingly the line was shorter than I thought, thus leading to a wait time of a little over 20 minutes. I have no idea if it's like that around that time on a Friday, but I'll take it. Yes, if you're not aware its freakin' 38.99 per head. Considering Wynn had a promo where if you earn 55 rewards points from gambling you're entitled to a free buffet at any time (new members only), my dad took full advantage of this, thus leaving me to pay for my meal because I already have a players card. Eff.Not gonna lie, I'm still not sold on the variety of food they have, but I will say that the quality makes up for it, at least for the dinner portion. The Alaskan king crab legs were as epic as can be with a nice cup of warm butter to dip it in. I will stress this part (though it's been said a lot of people already) that you can expect to wait in a line for the crab legs due to the high demand for it. Asian folks are ruthless when it comes to this, and I'm no exception. Though this may sound selfish and makes me seem like a complete fatso, grab as many crab legs as you can, but also know your limits. I'm pretty sure I grabbed at least 15 crabs legs in one plate, while my dad grabbed a few more of his own. Keep in mind they come conveniently cracked in half down the entire leg. The highlight for me was the prime rib. Extra tender medium well/medium/well done cuts had more going back for seconds and thirds. The meat was seasoned very well, not too salty and not dry at all. Don't judge me, I paid over 40 bucks to enjoy my dinner and I made it worth my while. Lastly, I topped of my dessert with a delicious strawberry crepe and put caramola ice cream on top. The wait time to get a crepe varies, so if you're toward the end of your meal and you see the line is short, go for it. Solid 4.5 stars from me. They may not have as much variety, but their food overall is pretty delicious. You may even be one of the lucky folks to sit in the middle of the buffet amongst the Alice in Wonderland/Mad Hatter scenery. Hopefully this review didn't make you gain a couple pounds just by reading it. Ha.
3	Had brunch at the Wynn buffet last week. To be honest I was a little disappointed.  They had a wide variety of different themes going on, but it seemed almost like they were trying to be like the Rio buffet, foods from all over the world, but not particularly great in any one area.Maybe it was because it was brunch, but the food overall was good, but not great.  And while the price was cheaper for brunch than I thought it would be ($31pp), after having the Bellagio's buffet I was expecting just as great as food as I had there.  It did not live up to those expectations unfortunately.  Service was great, just like anywhere else at the Wynn.  Again, maybe it was because we were there for brunch and not dinner, but my wife and I left very unfulfilled in our search for an amazing buffet.
5	This is a Nguyen Win situation at the Wynn. So a buffet is a buffet is a buffet right?WRONG.The Wynn buffet is in a class by itself.We came here for their sunday brunch buffet.  It was $31 plus tip and tax.The wait for this buffet can be up to an hour, but trust me it's actually worth it.Even though it's a buffet everything remains classy.  The food options are endless.  I was so full by the time I was done and I didn't even get to try everything on the menu.  They have a gigantic dessert area too.BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS.
4	This has got to be one of the most expensive buffets in vegas.  My first time here wasn't as impressive.  However, this time around, I think there were more options and a wide range of different ethnic foods.  The king crab legs were very good and for some reason unlike other buffets, their butter dipping sauce does not part (very good).  They have a selection of cheeses and meats.   Lamb ribs and prime rib, and etc.  Their Indian Rice was very good.  Even black bean clams (one of my favorites).  The desserts were very beautiful.  A lot of different mouse choices.  Intricate and tasty with unique flavors and names.  One of them was pistachio and peach.  Tiramisu was wonderful!  Their ice cream was very good too.  However, this time around, I didn't find as many eccentric dishes as I did last time.  There were no exotic foods this time as well so I was a little disappointed in that aspect.  But overall it was a very pleasant and enjoyable experience.Bon appetit!
4	It doesn't get better than this. Great relaxed yet upscale atmosphere  and amazing food are what this buffet has to offer. It is expensive compared to a lot of the buffets on the strip but worth every penny. They have a HUGE selection. Try the curry you won't be disappointed.I am knocking a star off because the service was very lacking. I felt ignored even by buffet standards.
4	A wide variety of delicious food my favorite would have to be the sea bass wellington, also I will add that this was the first time I had quail and I'm still undecided it just didn't feel right LOL.  I liked the fact that the jumbo shrimps were peeled unlike other buffets.
2	TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT.  let's start from the beginning.  oh how stoked i was to be eating at the wynn.  the hotel is beautiful...the buffet is beautiful...the whole dang place is just super expensive.  picture this...people are walking around in bath robes with glasses of champagne in their hands!anyway, the line was pretty short when we arrived.  we got there at a perfect time...it was just short of the buffet transitioning from breakfast to lunch...so we got a little taste of breakfast...and a little bit of lunch.  in my opinion, they had 2 chances to wow me....instead...they got 2 strikes.  breakfast:  there was a huge assortment of items from fruits to granola to oatmeal...smoked salmon benedict, crab souffle, waffles, pancakes, carved meats, other random breakfast meats, and so much more which i just can't think of right now.  haha.  all i remember...was that i barely touched my plate.  the food looked so beautiful...but the flavor just didn't cut it.  oh, and the ham had such a funky flavor to it...kinda like soap?so how excited i was when i saw them pulling back the breakfast and going over to lunch items.  i was thinking yay...redemption!  ok, first of all, the lady behind the counter setting up the meats and cheeses was yelling at everyone that stopped waiting for the area to be set up.  "don't touch!!"  "wait til i'm done!!"  "i'm not finished yet!!"  haha.  poor people...they've probably never felt so intimidated at a buffet...anyhoo, she set up a whole bread basket full of nice looking rolls, baguettes, etc...and the meats looked wonderful...the cheeses were even more appealing!  but when i took it back to the table...most of it was super dry...and old...like they sliced everything a week ago.  the bread was decent though...and all the smoked fishes were pretty ok.  once again...nothing was really memorable!the assortment of desserts was a lot smaller than what i've seen at the other buffets i've been to...but this buffet had rice pudding which i absolutely love...so bonus to them for that.  typical gelato, tiramisu, creme brulee...i really wanted to like this place.  so...i'm considering giving this place a 2nd try...but this time, i'd go for dinner.  the food looked too beautiful to pass by...but the flavor was so forgettable.
1	A couple months ago my friend and I saw a special on the Wynn Buffet on the food network and were so impressed, we put it on our must do list on our Vegas VaCa.We knew ahead of time, it would be expensive. It was like 40 a person for dinner. And we were prepared to pay.The food was disgusting. We went on a Saturday night so it should have been busy enough for the food to rotate though. Everything I ate was dry and nasty. Like when you leave meat out for a few hours and the top of it crusts over. Or noodles that are half mushy half dried out hard. And the meats at the carving station was extra, extreme rare, borderline raw. I really thought there would be more selections. But in all seriousness, it's not at all bigger than your average neighborhood asian buffet. Except it's stretched out in a long line instead of cramped together. Because asian buffets do have american food and pasta and pizza. It's nasty, but it's the same nastiness of this buffet.I thought the plates were beautiful. But I don't want to pay 40 dollars to eat on a nice plate.On the upside, we recieved very good service.They were quick, and continually took our plates and refilled our drinks. We were however RIGHT next to their waiting station though. lol. The wait in line was pretty fast too. We probably waited less then 15 minutes. (On a busy night at HomeTown Buffet, (in the ghetto btw ;P  ) the wait time can be a freaking hour). Although our table wasn't that far, most of them were like a maze. I think I would definitely have gotten lost. However, like only a few feet from our table was a giant pile of dirty dishes, near the employee entrance. If I hadn't have been so obsessed with the disappointment of the food, I would have noticed that while I was there. Oh, but we have plenty of pictures with a huge stack of dirty dishes in the background.I have to add that the line for crab legs is ridiculously long. It's a good 20 minutes in the line, but what makes it ridiculous is that the crab legs aren't worth it a bit. I got a plate full of it and ended up not eating any of them. I can't put my finger on it. It's too salty, but that's not the problem. I can' only relate it to having a metallic taste of it. I don't know what it is. But I couldn't eat it.I don't know why everyone says it's so good. I am very picky. Or maybe I have better taste buds?
4	Very, very good quality.  The chefs here definitely believe in quality over quantity, and I cannot argue with them over their choice.  The one reason I can't give them 5 stars is because they lack the variety that other buffets have.  They have more variety now than the first time I went (around 3 years ago), but I can see some people wanting more.  For example, they had 2 types of salad the day I went: caesar, and smoked salmon.  They had a few other dressings (bleu cheese, italian, and something else), and both salads were great, but sometimes you want to build your own salad with all sorts of additions that the Wynn lacked.The few soups that were served were very interesting (I think one was a pumpkin soup), but I didn't see anyone get them!  I think they were a little too "different," and they should stick to normal.  A few years ago they had this amazing cream of asparagus soup, I was sad they didn't have that this time.Prime rib was amazing, spicy tuna hand roll was very, very good, and the cheese ravioli was the best pasta even though it was the simplest.  I can't remember much more, but those were the standouts.  I was really disappointed in their mashed potatoes and other sides/veggies... strange thing to say, but I expect better, especially after Bellagio's pesto mashed potatoes!Now, the dessert is what SHOULD get the Wynn 5 stars!  Homemade ice cream and sorbet that truly rivals Haagen Daaz, Dreyers, and any other famous ice cream maker.  Amazing bread pudding, creme brulee, cookies, madeleines, etc.  I definitely enjoyed my dessert more than the dinner, and I'm not usually a big dessert person.
4	Quality, quality, quality!  It definitely isn't the largest buffet in Vegas but everything was very high quality and delicious.  Great buffet with fresh, well prepared food.  Crab legs were huge!  All the food was great and didn't sit in the tray too long so was constantly being reloaded.  The items that stood out were the sea bass (had some type of pesto looking green sauce but was super moist and buttery, melted in my mouth), rack of lamb and ahi salad.  Definitely the best buffet in LV I've been to.
4	I'm not a buffet person. In fact, I don't usually seek them out (with the exception of an occasional visit to my local neighborhood soup plantation). Moreover, I'm typically the person who shoots down the suggestion. However, my group of nine were recovering from hangovers and dying of hunger at the Encore Beach club. After a night of binge drinking, we could definitely use a banquet style buffet. Which is exactly what was provided by The Wynn. Price - It's about $40 per person. Pricey for say a buffet, but really, I thought the food was really good. Roll the highlight wheel: - Eggs Benedict was delish - Pork sliders with slaw on cornbread - Prime Rib - Prosciutto and cheese station - Omelet station - Coffee Ice Cream - actually all the desserts were really delish - Raw bar I didn't care for the Sushi bar or any of the quiche. And I love quiche. But I just wasn't crazy about it. They're regular breakfast stuff wasn't that great either. But overall, I would definitely recommend this buffet and would definitely go back.
5	Probably the best buffet ever.  I tell everyone going to Vegas to eat there.  Unfortunately, every so often the line is soooo long that it's just not feasible for me to eat there.  So go early or go for lunch.The selection is pretty good; not great, but close.  The food quality is very fresh and the seafood dishes in particular are excellent.  King crab leg all the way on down; as you'd expect from the Wynn, they don't skimp.  It's quality food and far and away the best buffet in Vegas.  While other buffets seem to be going downhill (all while charging hefty fees), Wynn does not disappoint.  It's hardly cheap, but it's not that much more than MGM or Rio or Mandalay Bay or any of the places you'd expect to be decent that are very unmemorable.The people at the front aren't that pleasant all the time, but service once seated is quite good.
5	OMG, IN LOVE.I love Vega$ & I'm starting to think I just like it for the buffets, HAHA.  Usually we go to Rio Buffet, but we decided to try out the Wynn buffet.  SO GOOD.  The only thing I'm sad about was the fact that I was so hungover, it was hard for me to eat a lot, hahaha.  But other than that, it was so good.  I can't stop repeating myself.  They had like, 5 different types of ceviche, SASHIMI & tons of seafood (I like!).  We stayed till they started serving dinner & that's when the crab legs came out.  YUMMM.  They also have the crab already cut so you don't have to crack the shells yourself!  Laaaaazy.  I cannot wait to go back so I can eat w/ a good appetite.  Such a fat thing to say, but I don't care.  We went during lunch so it was around $23/person.  Good price!  Rio is about $25/person & their food isn't as.. for lack of a better word, fancy.  Rio has good food, but the Wynn's food presentation was much better.  I can't help it, I'm a sucker for aesthetics.  The eating area we were sat in was some garden, floral area?  Very cute.  The only meh thing was that the waiter and waitress that was helping our table.. didn't really help.  We waited FOREVER for drinks/refills & my friend ordered the bottomless mimosas.  He brought her a glass of OJ.  & that's it.  She had to go find him to remind him that champagne usually comes with the mimosa.  LOL.  But whatever, no deduction because the food is just that good.  YUMM.
2	Overall, not that impressed. I've only been to one other buffet before, at the Bellagio, and I prefer that one over the Wynn. We went on a Tuesday night, after a long day of hiking at Zion National Park, so we were starving. To be honest, I didn't feel like the buffet was that big. I went back 2 times for a heaping of crab legs & shrimp cocktail, which are the only foods I really enjoyed there. They have some dim sum like dumplings and such at the Chinese food station, which was awful. Most of their cooked fishes were overcooked and not impressive. Their cheese ravioli in their pasta section was good, as was their miso soup.They have a huge dessert section, but to be honest, none of the desserts really impressed me. One of my dining companions loved their coffee ice cream, as he is a big fan of coffee and it tastes very very strongly of coffee.I would not go to their dinner buffet again. Also, it is very pricy, comes to about $37 with tax per person. A friend of mine said their breakfast buffet was great though, and only $25, so would be willing to try that sometime.
4	Yum! There was a great selection of food. Everything was very cutely presented and most of it tasted as good as it looked. One star off for it being pricier than the Bellagio buffet, where you can get just as good food for a little less money. However, the desserts at the Wynn were a little better than Bellagio's.The atmosphere was nice too. Kinda felt like a tea party-like room.
4	The experience here was pretty good; but the price $80 for party of two was pretty high. Where has all the great customer service gone? I guess when your working for a check an not working to put the icing on the cake; it shows. The young black gentlemen making the waffles on Thursday night dinner 6.18; was GREAT; his attitude an customer service was probably the best I've have ever experienced at the wynn yet.
4	Two words... CRAB LEGS!!  if you love to get your crab legs on the wynn is the best! huge king crab legs already cut in half for you! amazing. and the creme brulee also amazing! the service was, eh not so great, but the food was worth it. just make sure you show up hungry!
4	I had dinner and breakfast at the Buffet at the Wynn - Las Vegas last week. Usually, I am not a big fan on the buffet meals but this buffet truely exceeded my expectation. I really enjoyed the quality and variety of food at the buffet. If you are thinking of which buffet to try in Vegas, this is the one. You can't miss it.
4	Great service and foods.  My orange Juice taste so much better  than my last 2 buffet from Harrah and Planet Hollywood casino.  Desserts FTW.  Nothing much to say but i would come back for Wynn buffet on my next visit.
5	WOW...Just came back from eating here tonight.Every dining occasion I have a wonderful time! The food is a great top notch experience :)My only peeve is the line you have to wait in to be seated. I've stood in line for an hour before, and their receipt/table seating is never organized... (it's decorated so amazing that you have something to zone out)but as soon as you get to the actual buffet, everything is forgiven!I always make sure to sample a little bit of everything (about 4-5 plates - sushi, crab, octopus, sea bass), but always leave room to sample one or two desserts! (crepes, ice cream, candy apples, etc)This is a Must-Stop-By buffet in Las Vegas!!! :)
5	Best buffet in Vegas. Hands down.It's like eating at a gourmet restaurant and ordering.. well, EVERYTHING.Side tip: do NOT eat Wynn buffet an hour before you go clubbing. Your dress may not fit (this has happened to me before).
4	Prime Rib.... CheckSnow crab legs.... CheckCountless desserts... CheckYou will over eat here so make sure to wear stretchy pants.
5	Quite simply one of the two best buffets..the other one being Planet Hollywood's. Both are on the strip, can't complain about that. I've been to the Wynn's buffet twice, both occasions offer not just variety but also enjoyable atmosphere. I can't find anything to complain about. Just go. Indulge and be glad you're NOT losing your money on the table annnd go home hungry.
4	My amazing experience at The Buffet prompted me to write a review on Yelp!  We walked in after checking out the other Wynn restaurants and not really finding what we liked.  It was around 2:30pm and we were really hungry.  No problem, the line was short and we were seated within 5 minutes.  The ambience of the buffet restaurant was serene just like the rest of the hotel.  Waitress took our drink orders right away, and we began our merry way to buffetland.There were a good selection of quality mexican food (octopus/cucumber ceviche, guacamole, etc.), and salads were served in individualized plastic cuppies.  The Asian station had really great pork potstickers, leak dumplings, and pork bun - which I didn't get to try.  The carving station had my favorite Baby Back Ribs and beef shank.  As for desserts, because no buffet is complete without desserts  -- they have a huge selection including an icecream and crepe station. The only complaint I had was the crepe was premade and was sitting on a plate when I walked in.  Nevertheless, the quality and selection takes your breath (and room from your stomach) away.As I stuffed my tummy, I saw the dinner selection of rack of lamb, king crab legs being rolled out.  May be next time...
4	I came here last weekend for dinner with a fairly large group (~20 people). While they couldn't accommodate all us at one table, they were nice enough to put us at smaller tables in near proximity to each other. This was at 6pm though, when it was terribly busy yet. Food wise, this place is probably the creme de la creme of buffets. I've eaten at most great buffets for dinner in Vegas, including Spice Market, Bellagio, and Rio. While I would say they're all great, everyone seems to love the Wynn buffet. To correct the review below me, they serve king crab legs, not snow crab legs. One thing I don't like about them however, is that they serve their king crab legs cut open down the middle. While some people may view this as easier to eat, I actually prefer my crab legs whole, giving me the ability to crack them open and pull out a nice large chunk of crab meat. Just personal preference... They have a massive dessert station to fulfill your sweet tooth. I mean, they pretty much have everything except I've never seen lobster tail, caviar, or foie gras... So why only 4 stars? Well, I'm actually not a big fan of buffets, I usually just go because everyone else wants to go (peer pressure, right?). Part of the reason for that is because I have a relatively small stomach and can't really eat that much. Because of that, I don't really feel the price paid is worth it for me, about +$40 for dinner. Thus, I'm not giving a star for value rating. This would probably apply to all fancy buffets in Vegas though. I'd probably be happy enough with a 2nd tier buffet in Vegas versus a premium one. Note: I've been here before for Thanksgiving dinner and the wait was a nightmare (close to 2 hours?). Would definitely avoid it for occasions like that.
5	Best buffet in Vegas hands down. Got the weekday lunch special price at $19.99. Loved the spicy tuna hand rolls (lunch), braised pork (dinner) and the line was miles long. We were seated in 35 minutes and I was worried that we would be there forever. Excellent selection of everything. Even the pizza was good. Enjoyed the pad thai noodles (lunch). The flank steak (lunch) was the best I ever had. Ate dinner here again this week. The desserts are out of this world. Loved the strawberry sorbet and chocolate mousse cake with orange marmalade!!! Definitely need some elastic stretch in your pants for this place. Loved eating in the beautiful atrium with flowers. Such nice ambiance.
5	Yes, yes, and yes. I am still thinking about the smoked salmon salad and the roast turkey. I have not had tiramisu like that in...hmm.. EVER. The crab legs are served chilled and I prefer them room temp. But I don't mind putting those aside while I take a taste of everthing else. Definitely worth the money and the 20-30 minute wait. My only regret is that I did not hire a babysitter because my toddler did not have the patience for us to completely bust ourselves open.
4	If you are looking for quality over quantity, you have found the right place! Not to say that there isn't quantity as well, but the food is much better quality that you would expect out of a buffet. Ambiance is second to none at The Buffet at the Wynn- my party was seated in the atrium with sun shining in from the glass roof and large towers of flower displays. My favorite sections include the seafood and the cheese selection. I also had some delicious curried chick peas. The desserts were a little bit of a letdown, I tried a few and wasn't overly impressed...why do they serve crepes with chocolate sauce? (I find it completely unacceptable that there wasn't Nutella.) If you're going to do a buffet in Vegas, this is one of the best!
5	The best buffet in Vegas. King crab legs split in half. nuff said
3	I haven't been to any other Vegas buffets, but based on 2 visits, the buffet at the Wynn is decent. Some of their better items at brunch are the cocktail shrimp and ceviche, dim sum and congee, and customized omelettes. I also enjoyed their pizza and cooked seafood. There was nothing I liked enough to get seconds of, though.The central dining area is airy, colorful, and whimsical, sort of like a Willy Wonka x toybox/dollhouse theme. Good photo op if you're with a group of girlfriends.If you want the full bang for your buck, come for brunch after 2pm and eat slowly until they bring out the dinner stuff at 3:30pm. 2 unlimited meals for $35!
4	I know, buffets can be YUCK! but this was incredibly exceptional. The first day we went to the Aria's brunch buffet and I was not impressed. Sunday night dinner we chose the Wynn buffet and it was DELICIOUS! So growing up in SF and going out to eat and hanging out with friends I've realized that most of the time I end up spending (with drinks, desserts, etc...splitting the bill) that my dinners/meals come up to about 20-30 dollars with tax and tip. So to pay $35 for dinner and have unlimited food and drink....is not bad. The food was good, good selection...there was a good amount of seafood...the line leading up to the crab legs and shrimp was RIDIC. There was also delicious cooked fish, Italian food with a customizable pasta station, Asian food w/ sushi, & salad bar available. I had a little of everything and was satisfied. Did I mention for dessert they had a crepe station along with the standard cakes, gelato, cookies, etc. DEFINITELY going back to the Wynn. Also, good to note, the service was EXCELLENT - let's just say one of my friend's definitely took advantage of the bottomless champagne and the waiter was SO tolerant and helpful.
4	I had to unbutton and unzip my pants after dinner, and the feeling is just as good as sex.  Don't eat before coming here and eat SLOW.  The food isn't going anywhere so take your time.  Close to $40 bucks for dinner, twice as much as most buffet places but WORTH IT.  I literally sampled everything they had there and I have to say that my favorite is lamb shank.  crab legs is a close second because of the line for it.  Desserts... if you have the room, go for it.  They're all good!I think the only thing that's not worth picking up is the pizza.  Skip that, you can get better pizza at little caesars.  The sushi too.  skip that.  Basically, just get the foods that you can't find at 7-eleven.
1	this place is terrible! we read so many good reviews but i have to say food is mediocre. even home town buffet tastes. better. and as for service...we had to ask for more refills which is shit for such a high priced buffet. we hoped dessert would be better but its just pretty but it was all sugar. its so sweet i cant enjoy it. never ever again. price is too much for such poor quality food. o one more thing, crepes? HA! they totally bsed that shit. they didnt even use the right tools to make it and it looked very unappetizing
5	With over a thousand reviews, at least a hundred Yelpers probably already expressed the same sentiments I have for The Buffet at the Wynn.After trying a handful of different buffets in Vegas, the only two that I allow myself to go to these days are at the Wynn and Rio. Both will give you an abundance of fresh, delectable seafood -- from shrimp cocktails and oysters to king crab legs and more!Rio will always be the original seafood buffet, but Wynn will definitely wow you with more exquisite embellishments and luxury.  The minute you walk in, your breath is taken away by their high glass ceilings and pillars of flowers, plants, and fruits.  What wins me over at the Wynn is their dessert section.  There are very few places where you'll find ginormous chocolate covered strawberries, candy apples, gelato, and various froufrou-looking desserts all in the same room.But beware -- seafood is not always served.  Last time, my friends and I made the mistake of coming here on a Monday for lunch and there was zero seafood (with the exception of some fish here and there).  3pm was the magic time...
5	Glad we started our 4-day stay in Vegas with this buffet. Quality selections, clean environment, and FRESH seafood.  We went to the studio B buffet at the M resort as well as Le Village buffet in Paris. Both of their seafood selections are nowhere close to what this place offers. We spent two hours trying out most of the food and they certainly did not disappoint. Even though this place is a little bit pricey compared to other places, it's well worth the money.
4	After dining at a couple other Vegas buffets, I realized my initial impressions of the Wynn Buffet were overblown.  It's still a good value if you go for lunch and stay for dinner, but the food doesn't really stand out among the other higher end Vegas buffets.  I'd be inclined to save a few bucks in fact and go elsewhere (like say the Bellagio).  The only thing I'd miss is the made-to-order crepes.  Still a very good buffet with some interesting choices you might not find at another hotel, but I would definitely feel robbed if I paid $40+ on this one.
3	Im kinda torn about the Wynn Buffet. The quality of all the food i tried was good. Everything was nice and fresh and tasty. However nothing really jumped at me as being "WOW".  King Crab - Maybe im spoiled by live King Crab, it didnt have the sweetness of live ones but its a buffet, quantity over qualityRoast Beef - Perfect Medium Rare, needed some salt thoughLamb - Same as the beef, needed saltSushi - PassOther Foods - Good, nothing really stood out thoughDeserts - Too sweet for meService was good, refilled drinks quickly. The atmosphere was really nice and casual. There wasnt the usual buffet atmosphere. It was a calm dining experience.  However since im not really a buffet person, i'll come if people want to but I rather use that money on the buffet for a round of drinks!
5	i was in vegas this past weekend...and i made it a point to have dinner here during my stay..i usually like going to the rio buffet, and the billage buffet at paris is ok too, but we were staying at encore, so it was perfect! the food at rio is pretty good, but i just love wynn because its so nice....and the setup and environment is so bright and pretty, and the service is very good as well.dinner was so good we decided to have lunch on our last day as well!for dinner, everythign was just...so delicious, clean, spacious, just a great experience overall!the pastas were good, the salads were fresh, the soups were hot and delicous, the meat (prime rib, turkey, lambchops, bbq short ribs, etc) were juicy and flavorful, the seafood (KINg crab legs!! shrimp, sushi, etc) were also fresh and meaty! i really liked theie charcuterie bar too! nice selection of delicious cheeses and meats...mmmmm...but the best part, was the dessert area....i think i had about one of each thing they had....theyre creme brulee, was SO GOOD. same with the rasberry mousse, mini blueberry pie, pistachio cake, gelato, mint mousse cake, etc etc were all so decadent and yummy in my tummy!lunch was also very delicious! there was st. louis ribs, brisket, flank steak, roast beef, handrolls, soups, salads, etc etc etc...GOOOOOOD...
5	Love the buffet here...one of the best.  The decor and setup is amazing does not feel like your in a buffet place.    crab was awesome as well as the oxtail and chops.  Dessert if you have room awesome.Like others have said stay away from the pizza and sushi to save room for the good stuff.Go early or you have to wait to get in.Relax...Enjoy...Eat....
4	One of the pricier buffets in Vegas, but I think it's worth it.  The prime rib here is amazing! Juicy and tasty.  I came here for brunch last Labor Day weekend and had the champagne brunch...The champagne they use was divine.  It was really good.  Wish I remembered what kind it was.  At any rate, like other buffets in Vegas, they have a variety of foods from all over the world.  Sushi, crab legs, Italian, etc.  They have an excellent variety of breakfast choices as well.  The dessert section was great!  I especially loved the creme brulee.  One of the best buffets in Vegas...you get excellent service, a nice atmospher, and hot damn good food.
3	Went again, this time for dinner.  I still say it's not worth it for the price, even more so now after I've been to the Studio B buffet. (http://www.yelp.com/biz/studio-b-buffet-henderson)The only reason I am giving it another star is because that creme brulee is out of this world. And maybe I didn't hate their meat as much this time.
4	The best dinner buffet on the strip, period. The Wynn is as good as it gets when it comes to dinner buffets on the strip. The only worthy competing buffet is the pricey Sterling Brunch and the Seafood Buffet at The M Resort. The Bellagio disappointed me. This review is really long, so I had to write it as 2 reviews due to the character limitations of Yelp.@ Alaskan King Crab - Bottom line, you come to the buffet for these crab legs. Otherwise, save your money and go to another buffet. The crab legs is what really sets apart the Wynn and the other buffets. These crabs legs are much bigger and sweeter than the ones at Bellagio. Unlike the Paris Buffet, the Wynn (and Bellagio) split the crab legs in half, making it very easy to eat. I recommend using chop sticks to eat it since its cleaner than using your hands and doesn't damage the meat like a fork.@ Prime Rib - A meat that you certainly will see at every buffet. This is usually a mix bag. The good thing however is the Wynn now seems to be offering meat that standing in a pool of blood to meat that is burnt to a crisp. On the couple of visits prior, they only had one or the other. Disappointing for those who like their meat rare or those who like their meat well done. Don't bother telling the carvers what temperature meat you want, they'll just smile at you and just give you whatever. Just be a mountain, look at the meat you want, stare at it, and attack it or you can ask the carver nicely to cut you that piece of meat for you.@ Shrimp Cocktail - The times I've been here, the shrimp cocktail seem to vary from really good and sweet to not that tasting that good. I would say the shrimp cocktail tends to be good more times than bad.@ Rack of Lamb - This was so much fail. First round, I got lamb that is so dry that the only way to get it this way was to salt it, burn it to a crisp, cover it in sand to absorb all the moisture, and take a flamethrower to burn it to a crisp again and put it on my plate. Round 2 was just as bad, except in the other end of the spectrum. The meat wasn't even cooked on the outside, it wasn't super rare, it was raw. After these 2 rounds of fail, I just gave up on this item.@ Sushi - This is a tough one. I'm trying to decide which place has the worst sushi, Wynn or Bellagio. I would say the Wynn is slightly better than the monstrosity at the Bellagio. At least the consistency of the filling inside is edible and not disgusting. Go to the M Resort if you want decent sushi for a buffet. @ Pot Stickers - Eureka! I found an alternative to cough medicine. Oh wait never mind, it doesn't cure coughs. But it still taste really bad! Wahoooo!@ Har Gow (Shrimp Dumplings) - This wasn't all too bad. It was decent and by far better than places like Orchid or Ichiza. It was at least  warm and didn't fall apart when you grab it. However, the quality of shrimp could have been better.@ Shrimp Shumai - Ahh yes, I remember that I'm in Vegas, so you won't find any good dim sum here and this is no exception. Like the har gow, quality of shrimp was lacking. The skin made this item look less appetizing. @ Korean BBQ - This won't win any awards, but it was satisfactory. Meat was tender and the sauce didn't overpower the meat.@ Mini Baguette - The bread wasn't fresh the least bit. Its not like the baguette you get from a bakery that just came out the oven.@ Pumpernickel Bread - After having a similar bread at Cheesecake Factory, I have fond memories of this bread. Alone this bread tastes just okay, but get the drawn butter that you use for crab legs and dip your pumpernickel bread in there. You'll feel like your in bread heaven with each bite. @ Lamb Chop -  The beginning of a lot of dry and overcooked meat. Pass.@ Veal - A really gamey tasting meat, that was dry. Pass.@ Red Snapper - Out of the 3 fishes I tried, this is my favorite. It was cooked just right. All the juices of the fish was still preserved, so sauce wasn't necessary. @ Sea Bass - One of my favorite fishes that was dissapointing to eat. It was just way too overcooked and was very dry. Pass.@ Crusted Salmon - Salmon is one of my least favorite fishes. However, this was cooked almost perfectly. Just a little tad bit too much, but still good. @ Mussels - One of the dishes that I like, that I can't remember the sauce. I would say these are steam mussels in a light cream and butter sauce. Very delicious with the sauce.@ Mashed Potatoes - I love mashed potatoes and always have to try it wherever I go. The mashed potatoes here was awesome. A perfect creamy, yet some firmness. Perfect consistency and most importantly tastes good as well.@ Chocolate Orange Marmalade Cake - This dessert was very good, except for the orange layer in the middle that was sandwiched between the chocolate. Biting into the orange layer just ruined this cake for me. If it wasn't for the orange, this dessert would have been perfect.
3	Fancy place with fancy food, and yes you guessed it a fancy price to match with it. wow all of the food are mostly pretty and yes, not as good as it looks. I was a bit disappointed, and I don't think I would be going back. The service was great, the staff was friendly, but I left with a little less money and a tummy that begged for more food that's not from here. Not a fan, but maybe I am mistaken?
5	Probably the best buffet I've ever had!  I didn't hit anything that I didn't like until my third round or so, and I like to try a little bit of everything. There is a LOT of food, by the time I tried a little bit of everything, I was too full to go and get seconds of food that I really liked! That and the boyfriend was taunting me with dessert.The stars of the show were of course the king crab legs and prime rib.  Try their premade salads in the little glass cups by the sushi, I got the poached pear which was amazingly paired with candied walnuts and some citrus, oh and the grilled corn on the cob!   I didn't think the sushi was that bad, at least their california roll didn't have the fake crab that you see at cheaper buffets.  Their shrimp cocktail sauce was really spicy...  Although the desserts looked amazingly good, only two were edible for me (creme brulee, which wasn't as thick as I like it but still good, and tiramisu, which was perfect in every way).Don't come here trying to "make your money's worth" by just eating crab legs.  I mean it's cool if you just love crab legs that much, I just feel like the selection of foods was amazing and were really good for the most part, so maybe try something new.
5	Went here with my girlfriend on a mini Vegas vacation trip. Went to eat lunch, cheap but the food are not. It is totally different buffet than other buffet out there. It doesnt feel cheap even though the price is very reasonable for the service and the food that you are getting. I will recend this to everyone to at least give it a try just once. I will be coming back here again once were in town again.
4	$34.95 per person? Expensive.A 40-minute wait on a Sunday night? Tiring.A variety of fresh, superb-tasting food? Priceless.Wynn is probably the best buffet on the Strip. I'm not a fan of hotel buffets at Vegas, but this one was pretty impressive. The dessert even includes strawberry sorbet! Yum! The interior embraces ambiance, luxury, and mood. The service can be a bit slow, but you're too busy getting new food anyway.
3	Clearly I'm the odd man out on this one, but unfortunately I wasn't totally wow'd by this place.  I wanted to be, but I just wasn't.  Truthfully, I'm not sure I would ever be wow'd by a buffet.  Don't get me wrong, a lot of the food I tried was good, but nothing was a total standout.  Well, except for the bread pudding.  It may have been the best thing I tried.  The wait looked long, but it only took us about 30 minutes to get through at noon on a Sunday.  Price was reasonable at $34/pp for the no champagne option.  The service was pretty good - plates were cleared away promptly and our drinks were refilled w/o having to ask.  The fare was typical of other buffets and the only things that were truly memorable were the spicy beef with long beans, coffee ice cream and (again) the bread pudding.  Everything else was just ..... good, normal, decent, but certainly not special.  Would I go here again?  I really don't think so.  I'd rather try some of the other buffets out there.
4	Love this buffet. For $35.95, you get a good selection.  The anti pasta & dessert stations are the best.  The line was not too long when we went on Sunday night around 7pm.  For 4 or less, you will probably get seated fairly quickly. Prefer this buffet over the one at Bellagio for both price & selection.
5	I went for lunch.  This place is amazing for a few reasons; the attention to detail, the overall classiness, and the food are all superb.  I noticed the buffet had food from different corners of the world.  The interesting part is that all the chefs looked the part.  Meaning there was an Asian guy cooking the Asian food and a big Texas looking guy cutting the ribs, etc.  I'm not sure if that was pure coincidence, but it was impressive to me nonetheless.I tried everything, and almost everything tastes good, except for the ribs and the mint jelly; maybe its just my personal preferences.
4	Went here for dinner on a sunday night with my boyfriend, had to wait in line for about 35-45 minutes which I found odd seeing as it was on a sunday but we were happy to wait as the bar was fairly close so we had something to drink while waiting.The decor is amazing, beautiful flower arrangements as soon as you get in the dining area and really just amazing decor.Service was pretty good. If you had questions about the food you would have to talk to your server that brought you drinks because no one was ever close enough behind it to ask them.Food was AMAZING. They had everything and anything. Sushi was very yummy, boyfriend had the crab legs and said they were delish really anything you had was DEVINE. We had probably every desert they had to and they were all so yummy. Overall so so good and worth the $40 a person. He wants to return so for sure next time were there we will be back.
3	This place was OK but not nearly as good as I thought it'd be. The Wynn is one of only a couple places I stay when I hit up Vegas, so I like it too much to give their buffet a 2 star. So I thought when I dished out $190 for me and 2 others to bypass the massive line and walk right in that the food would kind of blow me away. Wasn't really the case. It was whatever, but not worth the price. I honestly thought the Mirage buffet was much better. I probably would've been much more satisfied just hitting up Earl of Sandwich at Planet Hollywood and saving myself $180. The crab legs were probably the best thing there. Stay away from the Sangria.
4	I have been to this buffet tons of times when I would visit vegas, and even when I lived there for a little while, great selection, and everything actually tastes good. a lot of the other buffets I have gone to in vegas, always have very nice presentation, but really crappy bland food. This buffet is a little pricey, but worth checking out, I recommend going right during the lunch/dinner change over, so you get the lunch price.
5	My husband and I grabbed lunch here on a weekday for $22.95 each.  What. A. DEAL.  [I'm pretty sure I've paid close to that for a buffet at other places on the strip and then felt that I was going to vomit in my purse on the way out... and no, I wasn't pregnant or hungover]This is more like a dining experience, rather than a buffet.  It was so fun!  The dining area is gorgeous and very classy.One thing that really stood out to me about this buffet is that they know, I mean really know, how to make ethnic foods!  What a nice treat.  Their pork buns and steamed dumplings (served in the bamboo steamers) were authentic!  They had an array of Indian food as well, and it was very good.  Their sushi wasn't very good, but the smoked salmon and mahi mahi was great!  There were a number of salads pre-made and there was fresh fruit and great cheese in it!  So tasty!  Everything was very good and above the usual norm for an all-you-can-eat place but the dessert area took the cake (hah!).  Homemade gelato and ice cream, cakes, cookies, and everything in between!  It was all delicious.  Plus, there were a number of sugar free items for those keeping an eye out for those or parents wanting to limit sugar intake for their kiddies.  And, their desserts also have little signs to let you know if they are gluten free or if they have nuts in them-- also good for those with special dietary needs in mind.Basically, if you are going to go to a buffet in Las Vegas, do it right, spend the extra couple of dollars and go to the Wynn.  You will not be disappointed, you won't leave feeling sick unless it's from overeating, and you won't feel like you wasted time or money on a meal.
3	Variety was good, but quality was average.  The seafood wasn't fresh and the prime rib was a bit on the dry side. Not worth the money. Rio's buffet is better and cheaper.
2	I'm sorry everyone; I completely 100% totally and utterly disagree. THIS WAS NOT THAT GOOD.Don't get me wrong, everything smelled good, it was all presented very well, and the variety was great. But seriously. I was far from impressed.I didn't really care for the anything. And I was there for a few hours (considering the fucking price, uh yea, I'm gonna take my sweet fucking time) and I tried probably everything. Umm...so I really liked the cheese selection and deli meats. And the crackers were good, too.Everything else was pretty bland and boring. Maybe I came on an off day or something. Everyone around me seemed to really be enjoying it, but me and my party were just not pleased. They were generic flavors. No special seasonings, unique tastes, etc. It was pretty much...a really really fancy and super expensive Hometown Buffet?AND FUCK THE DESSERTS. I love baked goods and cakes, I mean who the fuck doesn't?? I grabbed one of everything. I didn't finish any of them. I would take one bite and it just tasted like shit to me. Same with my friend. We were so displeased with them all. The mint chocolate cake was what I was most excited about. I'm almost certain the main ingredient was really strong toothpaste. It was that mint flavor. Not even mint gum flavor. Straight toothpaste. -AT LEAST HOMETOWN BUFFET HAS SOFT SERVE.-(This is coming from someone who HATES that establishment as well...)BUT...2 stars for giant fucking crab legs. Annoying line for sure, but that's expected. I mean it's giant fucking crab legs!!So next time I'm in Vegas...no thank you, Wynn buffet. I think I'll be better off eating...anywhere but there.
2	Three of us came prepared on a Monday night buffet. Its cost was $34.99+taxes per person. We had high hope.  In my opinions, the selection was small. Sushi was pathetic. There were only two big oval plates with sushi rolls, with no tuna inside though. All of their fish was DRIED. I meant ALL. Dessert was not very impressive to me. It was NOT comparable to a $19.99 lunch at Belagio in the next day.  The only things that we enjoyed were king crab legs and prime ribs. Just don't waste your $ here on a weekday dinner buffet.
4	went to vegas for a bachelorette and girl's weekend getaway!  we had a blast to say the least and had plenty of good eats.  my friend told me about 'the buffet' at the wynn so of course, i had to try it!  the crab legs and prime rib were calling me!  we arrived at 5:30 thinking we'd be there too early but wanted plenty of time to chill and eat before rushing back to the hotel to get ready for our night out.  so um, we weren't the only ones there that early!  there was already a line and the line got even longer behind us as we waited...this place must be good!  after starving for a good 15-20 minutes waiting in line, we were seated somewhat close to the various bars of food and closest to the colorful dessert bar!  i looked longingly at the red shiny candied apples and tore myself away to grub on some crab legs, shrimp and prime rib first.  they cut the legs in half length wise so you don't have to do any cracking, i loved that!  another bonus, the shrimp already had the shell peeled off!  fabulous!  we wasted no time cracking and peeling, just eating the whole time!  next stop was the grill...i tried the prime rib of course and lamb and to my delight, they had a slab of bacon waiting for me!  omg, it was so good.  not fatty either.  the prime rib was also full of flavor but the lamb, not so much.  it was alright.  i think it would've tasted better if they made it a different way.  i normally don't drink soda and that night i wished i didn't b/c it filled me up even though it sounds like i ate a lot, i really didn't.  but i was able to top off my meal with some dessert - which i rarely do!  caramelo ice cream and a shiny red candied apple!  mmm, mmm!
4	This was my second time coming to the Wynn Buffet.  The first time around, I was not a fan.  I don't know why, but nothing really tasted that great. But this weekend was a different story.  I don't know if it was because I was STARVING after dancing 7 hours straight at the Encore Beach Club or I just wasn't expecting too much from it, but everything tasted soooooo good!delicious risotto~ gnocci was super tasty~ short ribs, veal, prime rib, and ofcourse the shrimp cocktails~ all superdelish!  Crab legs were a little too salty, but I can let that go.If this was my first time, I would give this place 5 stars... but since it was my 2nd time and I didn't enjoy it the 1st time around, I'm giving Wynn Buffet 4 stars!
3	Some people love this buffet, and some don't. The price is so high. yet I didn't like much of the food however the food is better than most buffets. It's more about class than getting full. But it is nice place to dine at. If you like the regular food at buffets, stay away from this one. If you like a nice quiet dining at a buffet, this is it.
5	Best breakfast buffet!!! More variety and better quality of food! Sorry Bellagio...the Wynn takes it!
4	Holy shit, $40 is a damn expensive buffet.But... there are upsides!1. Crab legs (I don't like crab legs but for those who do they are huge and cut open for you - so gorging yourself is easier)2. Prime rib: uberly tender, best with the jus and horseradish on top3. Center cut slab bacon, yes meat eaters rejoice!!! Get ready for salty goodness and a heart attack - hey at least you've lived!4. Fish: tons of ceviche choices, sushi, baked fish, you name it, they've got it.4. Cheese/ dried fruit/ italian meat selection - wow, they have got quite a spread: prosciutto, salami, mortadella, parmesan, gouda, dried figs, apricots - heaven.5. Bottomless iced tea, soda, coffee, hot tea, juice.6. Rice porridge/ congee - not what you'd expect at this buffet but so tummy warming after a long night out!7. Come on there's just too many good things here, and almost everything is executed well!8. YOU CAN STAY A LONG TIME - I did (4+ hours), so eat to your heart's content, then take a 7+ hour nap from your food coma.
3	I've eaten at the Wynn Buffet at least 6x now and I would say its one of the most overrated buffets of all time. Why do I keep coming back you ask? Simply because, I get to eat there for free. I've paid to eat here my first time, and I would never pay again for the ridicoulous price. For $10-15 more, you could easily enjoy fine dining at any steak house in Las Vegas! I don't consider myself cheap when it comes to food, but I want bang for my buck, and you definitely won't get that here.-Crab legs are cold and there isn't a steamer available. -The desserts look wonderful, but everything taste bland IMO.-Long lines (thanks to 1000+ Reviews)-Kobe beef sounds like one could actually get a lot of their money here, but the way they prepare their meat, their wasting their supposed "Kobe" beef.-The Dim Sum and Mexican dishes were also poorly executed.Everything was edible, but it definitely does not live up to its hype. The long lines are fooling everyone.
1	I wish I could give it zero stars...but the corn was good.  so was the salami, mortadella and cheese.  I'm not sure I'd even feed the rest to a rabid animal.  A piece of bread was so hard my tooth bounced off of it.  The roast duck salad was so rotten that it tasted like spoiled cantaloupe- you know when it goes all acidic?  The potstickers were so hard that my friend felt like she needed to go to a dentist to get her tooth fixed all weekend. We went for dinner. I expected more.  Everyone kept telling me the food was delicious.  Well, they don't have to cook the salami, mortadella or cheese- so they don't count.  And corn?  the only thing that was cooked in the whole buffet that was tasty was corn?  I paid $42 for some corn?  Shoot...you better take your behind to the little street vendor who sells the whole corn cob smothered in mayo, parmesan, hotsauce, etc for $1- at least that way you'll get your $worth!
5	One of the best buffers in Vegas.
5	If Wynn Buffet was a real life woman she would be elegant, classy, wealthy and beautiful. One thing is for sure I know she would definitely know how to cook a tender and succulent prime rib and end dinner with oh so sweet creme brulee. So ladies if you are just like the Wynn Buffet let me know because I will marry you in a heart beat.
5	THE BUFFET in Las VegasParty of 4 was about $90. Walking in, the decorations were very nice. Overall very pretty, is it strange that I'm commenting on this? Anyways. We arrived at around 3 or 4. Our plan was to eat til the dinner food started coming out. The food selection here was THE BEST. and everything tasted fresh and clean. from left to right was seafood, asian food, american food, pasta, i forgot...and then salad bar! and the desert place. ice cream (i actually think it was gelato) and all sorts of yummy things. i personally thought their creme brulee was the best i've tasted in vegas!
5	I cannot leave Vegas without making a stop at The Buffet in the Wynn.  It's totally worth the long line.  I've been here twice (both times for the Champagne Bunch on Sunday).  It's $30 for an amazing food selection and unlimited champagne!  While I try to eat everything, I have two favorites: the ahi tuna seviche and the orange chocolate decadence dessert.
5	This buffet goes head to head with the Bellagio's buffet for the best in Vegas. I pick the Bellagio over the Wynn every single time and I'll tell you why-- THE WAIT IS SHORTER.However, the interior of the Wynn's buffet is nicer and the prices are better. It also has superior brunch. For dinner, it doesn't matter either way because both buffets are the same.Honestly, when it gets to the fancy $40 per person buffets, the food is pretty much the same. You get all the gourmet meats, all the gourmet desserts, and excellent service. To get anything else would be business suicide especially when you're catering to supposedly rich clientale.One cute trick my brother figured out is if you come in towards the end of lunch and pay the lunch price, they will switch to dinner with the dinner foods. Thus, you can get dinner for the price of lunch. I'm not sure if they close down the buffet during this period, it's been a few months since I last visited.
4	$35 for Sunday brunch buffet without champagne.Food is pretty decent, wait is always at least an hour, and I like the set up of the actual buffet itself.I'll just jot down some things I remember getting from here:- smoked salmon- sushi- shrimp cocktail- prime rib- bacon (thicker cut) - a bit salty this time around- congee- omelet station- pasta station- soups and salads- cold cuts and cheese- pretty expansive dessert area, but I've seen better- and of course your usual buffet fareI had to go to the restroom mid lunch and tried to go to the one inside the buffet. Not a good idea... there were a line of guys for the mens restroom for two stalls... and you can only imagine how you won't have much of an appetite afterwards. I recommend heading out of the buffet to use the restroom next door and you'll be able to have reentry anyways.
4	I like this buffet. Not as many choices as some of the other buffets on the strip but the quality of food is good. Only thing I wasn't too pleased with was the service. It was a bit slow.
4	Okay, I was totally weirded out simply by the term "buffet."I kept telling him "I don't want to go to a buffet, I want good food!".........Man, I was wrong! Despite the horrendously long line for dinner, the buffet was great! Definitely caught me off guard, I was pleasantly surprised.I'd recommend that you walk around the whole buffet, get a good idea of where things are- then start off where they have all the goodies! For me, those were the crab legs! I wish I wouln't have stuffed myself with pasta prior to the crabby goodness!
4	My boyfriend had been raving about the buffet here for about two years. Here we were in Vegas. Here I was without having given him a decent birthday present (2 months late may I add). The Wynn seemed like the perfect option.We stupidly missed the lunch by about 5 minutes and payed the more expensive dinner. Nevertheless, the table next to us changed occupants 3 times and we were still there, still going strong. Everything was delicious- some more than others of course, and I urge you if you can spare some room for the huge selection of desserts that are available. Oh and for Kit's sake don't fill up precious space on bread (or rice). Be a pro and go for stuff to make your money's worth.There was a great selection of everything, from meat to seafood to veggie options. Although everyone around me seemed to be going gaga for the crab legs I have to admit they were probably in the bottom 5 of most tasteless ones I have ever had. In addition I was impressed with the ladies who were seating people- perhaps they are under payed or have to deal with snobby or tricky clientele but they were certainly unfriendly and rude. Our waiter on the other hand was fantastic and super friendly. We stayed there about 3.5 hours (if not more) and felt positively uncomfortable by the end of it. However, the boyfriend was delighted by the end of it- so that's this birthday settled.
4	Weekend brunch was excellent. A lot of options, from excellent mini-waffles to FIVE types of ceviche.
5	Quite honestly, I do believe that the Wynn/Encore buffet is the BEST Las Vegas has to offer. It's a little more expensive than other buffets on the strip, but, I have to say it's well worth it. I've gone to the Wynn buffet for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Each time was truly sensational.The quality and display of food at the Wynn buffet is exceptional. All the fruits and salads are fresh, everything else is top notch.
4	So we got here on a Sunday for dinner. Total price was $37 including tax. Pros: Prime Rib!!! It tastes like heaven seriously. The meat melts in your mouth and is so flavorful and tender. Fish. Cooked to perfection. Flavorful and flaky and buttery. Great dessert bar. Creme brulee, strawberry shortcake, pistachio cake...even a crepe station with a very friendly server. Atmosphere and layout is very nice, clean, and gives off that feeling of being a high roller. Cons: Maybe it was a sunday night, but the snow crab legs were less than I expected. They had a slight yellow tinge in the meat and didn't taste very fresh. Probably left out during the whole day. Disappointed in that. Ceviche. Probably cuz Im not used to it but it didn't taste good. So everything was super fresh except for the snow crab legs. The place has less variety than at Bellagio so it only gets a 4. I would come back on a weekday and see what they have to offer.
3	I have mixed feelings about the Buffet at Wynn. Some parts were great: the decor is very attractive and a few of the dishes stood out, like the crab legs (everyone's favorite, it appears), and the desserts. For the price (not including the free meals my dad kept getting!) the food was not worth it. Our local casino buffet (Barona) has much better food for 2/3 the price. There were also some off moments at the Wynn Buffet. My dad and I got nice cuts of prime rib, but my mom got what looked like scraps. My dad had to go back and get a new slice for her, one that looked absolutely gorgeous. wth?! Refills for our drinks was also hard to get one of the times. The whole section was under-quenched.
5	It was 11:00AM and I was starving!!! We drove around for about 30 minutes looking for something to eat  and finally we went to look for a restaurant inside the Wynn by yelpers recommendation. Once we were looking for the restaurant we came across this beautiful buffet. I'm not a big fan of buffets, but I couldn't resist the beauty of this one and honestly I was starving that at that moment I felt like I could eat a horse.The looks: It is BEAUTIFUL, this place looks just like the pictures you see on the Wynn's website (unlike other hotels).Prices: for breakfast is $19.95 + tax so we went during lunch time (it starts at 11:30am) and it's like 22.95 (or 24?) + tax.  It sounds pricey, but it is so worth it!!We got seated around 11:45am, we missed the breakfast but they still had waffles, french toast, pancakes and fruit. The food: It was a wide variety of food: American, Italian, Asian, Mexican & more - soups, salads, cold meats, calzones, pastas, eggs, steaks, seviche, sushi & a lot more.Desserts: Ice Creams, caramel apples, cookies, cakes and fancy little things in very pretty containers, excuse my ignorance I don't know what they are called but they looked so good!We sat and ate there for like a little over 2 hours, trying to try everything, but it's impossible!!! So much food, so little room in our stomachs! We would see guests at the other tables come, leave, come, leave... when we realized this we decided it was time to go...haha!It was kind of embarrassing, but whatever, will I ever see them again? no! and the people at the restaurant won't remember me, so just eat, eat, eat try to sample everything...who cares!I recommend you pace yourself, haha, and save room for dessert, cus I didn't and I only got to try the ice cream :( Which was delicious, I got 1 scoop of coffee ice cream and a scoop of something else, I forget what it was but it was soooo good! One thing though, this coffee ice cream tastes has a very strong coffee taste, they are serious about it!Anyway, I recommend this buffet! Will I go back??SURE!
5	Wynn's Buffet beats other buffets on the strip hands down (In terms of quality and price variables).I do believe their weekday lunch is a very good value ($23.95).  You get all those variety of meats and vegetables to choose from. The taste are decent to excellent for most.  My personal favorite is their grilled flank steak and seabass.  Its restaurant quality-like food!Other items worth mention during lunch:  Chinese Chicken Salad (Replaced by Smoked Salmon Salad during dinner time). Soup station. Dinner starts at 3:30pm.  It includes the famous Alaska King Crab Legs, Prime Ribs, Jumbo Shrimp Cocktails, and more deserts to choose from including the made to order waffles and crepes.  Their seafood and hot food stations changes between lunch and dinner too.  Service is attentive. I am quite happy with the service that they provided.  Its good to visit here again for lunch, or dinner, or if you can, sit from lunch TO dinner :P  But then you will have to workout extra hard after the visit from The Buffet.
4	Haven't had a quality buffet in Vegas during all my previous visits so I did research, read the good reviews here on yelp, and made my final decision to splurge here at the Wynn for dinner.  Just be prepared to wait almost 40 min to an hour to get in if you are not a guest at the hotel.  My group and I arrived around 6pm on a Saturday.The main areas are nice and can accommodate large amounts of people.  Everything else looked nice too.There were a good amount of dinner items to choose from and everything always looked fresh.  Most items tasted good and others not so much.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?userid=YNhG4eGMB2sgbTBr22eIZAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=ehZSVAbChpNnM6FvGdV7FAIn the end, I was impressed.  Just wish they had more seafood selections.I'm curious to try the other highly rated buffets in Vegas.  So until then, this was definitely a win.
4	I was really impressed with the Wynn Buffet. I went in not expecting anything but they blew me away with their selection and the quality of the food. I think I liked it better than I liked Bellagio's buffet. It's definitely on the pricier side too, and if you want the champagne brunch you have to pay an additional $7.00/person. The environment and decor is really cute- airy and open, bright, lots of bright colors, and in keeping with that floral theme that they've got going on over @ the Wynn. I liked the layout of this buffet because it was pretty easy to get to it, not a lot of walking around different tables and such (like @ the Paris buffet). They pretty much have every genre of food here. I came during brunch so I didn't get to experience their crab legs, but everything I tried was amazing, especially the bacon (not the crunchy strips but the actual kind cut off of the huge slab of meat) and some pasta dishes I tried (sorry, can't remember any of them!). They have a gelato buffet here too! That made me happy. Mmmm! I definitely will be back.
5	I went my second time as a more informed consumer after trying nearly all the buffets, and this is still my personal favourite. I am thoroughly impressed with Wynn'sVariety isn't huge, but it's enough. EVERYTHING looks rather appetizing, there was nothing at the Wynn buffet that i would have rather killed myself than to try. A party of 4 arrived at 2.35pm and we got in after 30 minutes. I made my way to get some cocktail shrimps which were big and succulent. A bite of smoked salmon, trout and anchovies, some greek salad, all above average for buffet standards. Then some alaskan king crab legs. huge, meaty and cut for your convenience, all you gotta do is use a fork and pick the meat out. Relatively fresh and I seasoned it with a hint of warm butter.The prime rib was more of a medium, which i prefer medium rare. It was alright, juicy and not too fatty. The lamb chop was not bad, also medium. I also got some mussels which was cooked well, not dry at all! As well as some asparagus which was very dry. Dessert time, I got a crepe which is my favourite from all the vegas buffets. Beautifully presented with house made whipped cream, strawberries and blueberries. The creme brulee was freshly made, and the best creme brulee i've had in a buffet. The tiramisu was also pretty good, I finished everything. The strawberry champagne mousse was a little on the sour side and I only had 2 bites of it.We sat by the garden and it was bright and pretty. Our server was much nicer and more prompt than any other vegas buffets I've recently visited, very courteous too.***Tip: Come before 2.45pm to get in line, so you can eat dinner for the price of lunch. They switch over at 3.30pm. Cheap people style! $35 (lunch price incl tax) for dinner! Crab legs come out only during dinnerFavourites: King crab legs, (not snow!) Big and juicy cocktail shrimp. Higher quality ingredients and prepared with more care. Presentation is outstandingDo not want: a little expensive. Long lines for king crab legs. medium cooked prime rib (but if you go before they cut to the middle, it's medium rare) and lamb chops Last words: Definitely the best Vegas buffet in terms of quality, ingredients, presentation.
1	I have been to the Wynn Buffet 2 or 3 times before this past visit  a couple days ago. I feel the need to speak up as I can no longer hold my silence here! This buffet was once pretty decent but I think it has gotten complacent and it reflect on the food. I had 3 Buffets on my recent visits to Vegas, Wynn Dinner, Treasure Island Lunch and Mandalay Bay Dinner and Wynn Dinner was worse than the Treasure Island buffet. By the way the Treausre Island Buffet I feel is VERY UNDERRATED!The Sushi station at the Wynn was a HORRIFIC SITE, think costco freezer sushi 10 times worse! I could not tell if that was RICE on the sushi or white jello?Crab Legs, I know about the bulk buying but these Crab legs had no meat and was starting to smell?I will say the Prime Rib was quite decent and that is what the one star was for! However, I would say if Wynn is going to Charge $39 bucks , having one good item is not enough!And service was NON EXISTENT! No drink refills! I had to find the guy to take the plates!I read these glowing reviews and I just wonder if these people are too drunk to know their crab legs taste like my fish tank!
5	This is absolutely my favorite buffet in Las Vegas! I have been to their lunch buffet twice and I loved it!The restaurant is grand and very beautiful. The food are displayed delicately and even for lunch there is a wide range of vareity! All of the food was very delicious!Usually in buffets, by the time I get to dessert, I am already super full. By for Wynn, I always save some room in my stomach for their dessert! I like their idea of putting dessert into small slices, into small cups, or into small plastic shot glasses. You get to try out so many different types of dessert because of the size! They even have freshly scooped ice cream for you!My absolute favorite is the dessert with the mini plastic coffee cups in colors of green and orange. For some reason I forgot what the name of the dessert was at the moment, but every time I went there I always get two cups of that dessert!
5	The Wynn Buffet definitely blows the Carnival World Buffet at Rio out of the water. More selection, nicer ambiance, better quality. I highly suggest that you splurge the few extra bucks and come to Wynn instead of Rio. The prime rib was so bomb and the sushi didnt taste like it came out of a box, like it does at Rio.
5	Hands down best buffet I have ever been to in my life. The food that was served was ridiculous and amazing. I have never been to a buffet where the food is actually better than a lot of restaurants as well as the desserts... Don't even get me started on the desserts, and i'm a meat person but the desserts were... I don't even know what to say. You have to come here for yourself  to experience the GREATNESS!!!
4	I can fully understand some of the negative reviews regarding Wynn buffet.  Reviewing buffets in general is often not pleasant for most since they overstuff themselves.  There are various stages:1. anticipation - all we can think about is how we're gonna kill that buffet and get our money's worth.  Often times we even deprive ourselves of other meals just so we can prepare for the big moment2. disorientation and greed - I have seen some people jump the line, just to get to the item they want and if you see some people's plates, you think WTH how can you fit that food in your stomach.3. face stuffing - we normally do not eat food in a buffet at a leisurely pace.  The food is scarfed down because we want to try the other items.  Even if we take an item that we don't like, we almost always eat more than we want of it for fear of wasting food.4. inability to set limits - even though we are full, we still have to get in that dessert or two, or three, or four.  Come on, how many times have you ever ordered dessert when you go to any other sit down restaurant?5. FOOD COMA - we get so full at this point, it is beyond the pants being too tight.  Our diaphragm has problems moving and we get this pain in our side when we breathe! And of course with all that blood in our digestive system the ITIS sets in AKA Food Coma.6. Remorse - now we hate ourselves for indulging so much and think of how much weight we will gain, etc.  And of course, when you eat this much food, it has the effect of numbing your tastebuds and your perception of food, hence less appeal after the meal than before the meal.  Being a food critic is really tough work!  They have to order and eat so many dishes and still keep their palates fresh!But in order to be fair, they should be judged in comparison to other buffets.  The term "quality buffet" is a bit contradictory in terms.  I have been lucky enough (or gluttonous) to have tried some of the high end buffets around the country that cost from $75 and up.  Sure, these buffets have better quality food, but I also noticed that most of the diners were women.  These buffets target them because they equal a higher profit margin.  You just have to make everything look pretty, taste good, and stick a gigantic chocolate fountain in the middle of the restaurant.  For most guys, $20 for all you can eat wings can be equally as impressive.  I once saw a place with a nacho fountain that spewed the nacho cheese that you could put onto your chips.  Shamefully, I admit that I could not take my eyes off of it.  So, for $35 I think Wynn does a great job. Where for that price can you find King crab legs, salad shooters, prime rib, pizza, salmon, sea bass, sushi, etc?  They even had some Indian food there!  Wynn gets an 'A' for effort but that dish was about as Indian as Christopher Columbus.  I thought the mussels in saffron cream was also worthy of mention.I think that the dessert bar here is slightly better than Bellagio's.  Ironically what impressed me most about the buffet was the cashier.  Her name is Jung and if you see her go to her register.  Her fingers fly over the register so fast, I could not see them and I was absolutely in in awe of her mad skills since it is a touch screen.  The only time I have seen fingers fly that fast with such accuracy is when I saw a virtuoso pianist perform.  Everyone in line at her register were AMAZED.  She had me paid and done in 10 seconds.  I think she averages about 18 secs per check max.
2	This is my 2nd time at the breakfast/brunch buffet at the Wynn and it was the same both times.  I'm not sure why I bothered again.  Maybe because I kept on hearing people say this place is good, and I thought I should give it another try.It's not as good as Bellagio.  Or Rio.  Or M Casino Buffet for seafood.  But not here...  The ingredients aren't as fresh and exquisite as they could be for buffet fare.  I'm not expecting Jesus fare.  I'm expecting decent quality for Vegas.  I expected a larger Asian selection too.  Fail!  Should have eaten somewhere else.
4	This was the first time I've gone to the Wynn Buffet, and let me say I was impressed. My family and I are big fans of the buffet at the Bellagio, and this one is just as good if not better than the Bellagio's buffet. I love the layout of the buffet, the scenery is gorgeous! The food was all tasty, and called for multiple trips. I loved the fact that they had diabetic friendly desserts, as my Dad is a type two diabetic. The buffet is pretty diverse, ranging from pizza to sushi. My favorite was probably the Chinese section, the potstickers were delicious. The food was great, however the service/people at the buffet were not so great.We arrived at the Wynn at about 6:50. We weren't seated until about 7:30. So be prepared to wait, let me just say that the Bellagio's line may be long but it moves fast. The Wynn's line goes by slowly. VERY slowly.The service is dull. I think we got a refill once. (We all ordered Diet Pepsi's). Our server claimed to "go on a break". Overall, I think I'd reccomend the Wynn over the Bellagio for one simple reason: the variety is much better. That's the only reason though. If you want a shorter wait and better service, then the Bellagio is your best bet.
4	I believe this is as good as it gets in buffet land.
5	This buffet was awesome. We got lucky, we got there right before lunch ended, so paid the lunch price but ate the dinner entrees. Unlike any other buffet Ive ever eaten at, I enjoyed everything I tried. They even cut the crab legs lengthwise, instead of just scoring them. Left full and happy and ready for a nap.
5	OMG... This place is amazing.  Everything was perfect, especially the sides.... IF YOU'RE IN VEGAS YOU NEED TO COME TO THIS BUFFET!!!Must haves:-Prime Rib-Shrimp (SO HUGE!)-Garlic Mashed Potatoes-Breaded Veal-Caesar Salad-TOMATO GAZPACHO-Creme BruleMMmmMMmmmMMMmmmm....
5	Steve Wynn is the man when it comes to these things and he's not going to put his name on something unless it's the best. It delivers and my personal favorites where the great selection of Asian food and the smoked salmon was out of this world. My personal tip is to grab some things you have never tried like octopus ceviche.
5	In my gluttonous version of heaven, this buffet will be there.  Without the wait.  Without the other people (unless I am in the mood for people-watching, and there was certainly ample opportunity).Expect at least a 30-minute wait.  At the end of the wait, however, there are foot-long crab legs split in half with clarified butter in a tap (!), prime rib, jumbo shrimp, creme brulee, smoked duck, artichoke salad with tomato confit, charcuterie, cheese, scallop ceviche, and other ridiculously good offerings.$35 for a buffet is steep, yes, but I'd say it's worth trying at least once, if not at least once-per-trip.  As my +1 rightfully pointed out, I've paid $35 for meals where I didn't get full.  I walked out of this buffet wishing I had more room in my stomach...or a 20-pound-doggie bag.
2	How dissapointed I am for this place. I thought I would be pleased as it is about $42 a person including tax.  Bad service as my plate was never taken out and my table has 2 stacked plates as I was walking with a new plate of crab legs that I had gotten from waiting 30 minutes in that separate line.  (mind you that me and my gf waited 75 minutes to get it on a Saturday night). I had no place to set my new plate which pissed me off and embarrassed me as I was standing there and looking like a fool.  My gf just put the plates on the table next to us which the people had finished eating on. I was so dissapointed that their were 30 minutes lines for crab legs and 10 minute lines for prime rib/lamb chops.  Even to get my refill I had to physically walk over to where the waiters were walking out to ask.  I complained to the manager and he simply said sorry and did nothing about it.  The only tip I gave is "don't eat yellow snow"Go to the Rio buffet, I never been dissappointed their as the prices ($23.95) are good, lines are not that long, and the service is much much better!
5	This place is by far one of the best buffets in Vegas.  And because of that the line is very very long, I would suggest going during the off times, if your there during the week then your most likly going to be ok either way.Pros:ITS HUGE!!Comfortable seatingSuper CleanAwesome FoodVEGAN SECTION!!!Cons: Price is high during the weekends 40+/- a personWait Staff is a little slow (Sorry)Crepes are  very bland.
5	I think this is the best buff-fit in Vegas. Definitely WAY better than Aria's (BLEH. ONE STAR). There are plenty of options: Meat, seafood, pasta, chinese, japanese, mediterranean, and much more. The dessert bar is the best though. Tons of variety and it's always different. CREME BRULEE!!! People seem to really love the crab legs here. I don't really eat crab legs, but if I did, I would definitely love the ones at Wynn because they're huge and halved. :) convenient to eat... :)It's good eats. There's so much to say about this buffet and its food, so much that I can't really write about it. If you would like to learn more about the food experience at Wynn, please read DUKE C.'s review. :) (holla)I want to talk about the best experience of my life at a buffet-- the Wynn Buffet. Once upon a brunch time, my friends and I went to the Wynn to get some buffet food. Part of the group got there earlier so they waited in line... some of us came later and cut some people (to JOIN OUR PARTY). A lady who's a couple of parties behind us started bitching at us because we were cutting, but really... REALLY our party is not that huge and we already had the majority of the group waiting in line. So I explained our situation calmly but kinda mean cuz I did it all with a smile and that pissed her off. Woman: "You all are rude bleh bleh bleh bleh bleh. I'm going to report you to the authorities" (I said something in between...) Woman:"If you're going to stay here, then do it , but I don't like it bleh bleh bleh bleh (something along those lines)" Me: "Yes, sorry, but we are going to stay here." she went ape shit and stormed off. To report us, i'm assuming. First she went to the cashier ladies... I'm glad those ladies are rude because they just ignored that woman. Next thing I see is that woman running towards the casino. to report us to the security guards probably. UH. And of course, casinos love money more. More customers at Buffet= more money. Our group # (greater than) Woman. She never came back. Eat the fat bacon.
4	This was my first time in Vegas and I have to admit, I blew most of my cash almost immediately.  I started break-dancing for money.  I couldn't afford the 25 cent slot machines.  I was in a rut.But I looked up one day and said, "Hey self. I'm on vacation. Let's go to a buffet."  So I chose the Wynn.  Good choice.First of all, they have anything you could ever think of.  Ok, MOSTLY anything you could ever think of, but the selection is crazy.  They have different sections for Italian, Asian, Breakfast, Seafood, Shellfish, Salad...you name it.  I was a fan of the hand-rolled sushi and the hush puppies and southern food.  All very good.The only thing I was disappointed about was that most sites advertised king crab legs and alas, no crab legs.  I had also heard a rumor that they open the crab legs for you so I was doubly disappointed that there weren't even any crab legs for them to open for me. I was also under the impression that it would be around $17 and it was closer to $25 for lunch.  That was a surprise, but perhaps I didn't pay close enough attention.  $17 would have been a better price.  But all in all it was a tasty buffet!
4	This buffet is an experience!  To get the most bang for your buck....catch champagne brunch right before it ends, then head right on over to the crab legs at approximately  3:30pm.  They serve them cold, which surprised me, but they are already cracked in half and ready to eat.  If you like dessert, they have an entire dessert room.   Very good service, can't tell you how many times she filled up my mimosa, and even one to go.
5	Best BUFFET in Vegas...and I've tried about 10 of them!
4	In a place where buffets are a dime a dozen, the Buffet at Wynn stands out to be one of the better buffets, albeit also more expensive.  The decor is by far the best in Vegas, in terms of buffets.  It has all the usual types of food one expects to find.  The crab legs are always a hot spot to go to, but avoid the sushi.  The sliced meats are usually tender and succulent.  Overall the food is pretty decent.  The dessert, however, is the place where differences become very apparent.  The desserts are elegantly placed and tastes amazing.  Also, they have a crepe station, which I don't really see at the other buffets.
4	This buffet is definitely one of the best in Vegas. Everything was delicious. Cold Cuts, Pasta station, seafood, indian, italian.... My only complaints are that the salad section was really weak for a vegas buffet and that there were no mexican dishes.
5	Came here for breakfast and I think it was $18.95/person. AMAZING DEAL. They had a TON of food for breakfast with a ton of variety (my pictures only cover half of what they had to offer because they told me to put my camera away). I absolutely loved the fresh fruit (papaya, blueberries, strawberries!) and muesli and fresh pecans. They offer your typical American breakfast (bacon, french toast, different kinds of waffles, pancakes,  sausage, eggs, and rolls) plus things like the traditional Chinese/Asian breakfast of rice congee with black egg, dried meats, and other additions. They also had pickled herring, smoked salmon, and other cold fish that were really good. Plus quiche, eggs benedict, pizza, egg rolls, dumplings, fritters, and an excellent dessert section. The Wynn Buffet is clean, spacious, brightly lit, and an overall fantastic dining experience. I believe it's the most expensive buffet in Vegas, but only by a couple dollars and there's a ton of food and huge variety, so I definitely think it's worth it. AWESOME!!!!!
4	I like the Wynn Buffet but their price is super high for what you're getting. If you don't like to eat, don't come here and save your money. When you line up to get in, there are two lines. There's the regular joe line and there's the VIP line. The VIP line is always shorter and they don't have to wait as long. When you get to the front of the line, you pay and then you have to wait for the hostess to find you a table for your group. Once you're called, you're lead in, you order your drinks and then you head to the stations. The atmosphere is nice here so you can sit back, relax and pig out. My friends and I usually roll up here around 5:30-6:30pm and we get here right before the mad dinner rush. The items that are served include seafood (aka crab legs), Asian cuisine, Mexican, American, a Dessert station, and the Italian station. There's pasta, sushi, salad, etc. There's pretty much everything you would find in a buffet at the Wynn Buffet. Those Kobe Beef Sliders are what gives this the edge up over other buffets. Also, the gold flakes on the desert are a top notch way of showing that you're eating at a place that is fancy. The only downside is their bathrooms. C'mon you have a huge buffet and the smallest bathroom! I guess they don't want you to go to the bathroom in order to clear out to eat more and this is their subtle way to funnel you out of the buffet. 4 stars for great food and -1 star for the combo of the price/small bathrooms.
3	3 stars? yes 3 stars...why because it can't beat bellagio's buffet! if i never went to the bellagio buffet i'd probably give the wynn 4 mayyyybe 5 stars, but since i've experienced bellagio's amazing buffet. i had to give the wynn buffet a 3. it's $5 more than the bellagio buffet and the food isn't as good. there was "sushi" at the wynn...cucumber rolls, cali rolls, etc. i think that is the reason why i didn't enjoy the buffet as much as bellagios (bellagio just has a better sushi section). other than that it's all the same, prime rib, lamb, seafood, crab legs, etc.one thing i will admit is the dessert bar is amazing...too bad i don't like sweets. will i come back? probably not, unless all my friends want to go. i'd rather go to the bellagio buffet or try studio B @ the M.
5	LOVE the wynn buffet!I love to come right before they switch to dinner because you pay the lunch price and get both lunch and dinner!! sweet :)
5	By Far the Best in VegasI would have giving it a 4 the first time I came to Vegas, but now coming back for the 2nd time and having this buffet again, I give it s 5!People:Trip 1) 20 Trip[ 2) 2Price: TOO MUCH well depending on the time you go, but worth it.Breakfast for 2: ~$45Brunch/Lunch for 2: ~65-80 (all depends on the time, closer to 11am= cheaper, more towards 3pm= expensive)Dinner: ~$40+ per personSetting: Prepare for a LONG and I mean LONG wait like 30min -1hour 15min, but not less than 30 for sure. When I went the first time the line was out the door and into the hallway (considering this was New years, plan your trip wisely). There are about 3 sections where there are seatings. There are many categories of food, I am not going to lie, but of course there were plenty of food that I didn't care for, but there was enough selection to fill me up!The quality of food here is amazing. Honestly, you may find better dessert somewhere else, but the food is the best!Excellent service. The waiters would take your plates right away! However, if you want a refill on your drink, may take a little longer, yet its busy so you got to give them the benefit of the doubt.COME HERE IF YOU WANT A HAPPY TUMMY!!
4	This is a pretty nice buffet at the Wynn, although a little bit expensive.  I think they have a very good spread though as with many buffets, you expect it to have a symmetrical layout doubling up the same offerings on two sides.  They had very nice quality food and good selection.  I went for the champagne brunch on Sunday and it was a little on the pricey side at around $30-ish per person, more for champagne.
3	I think the buffet is just ok. I think I would prefer Bellagio's one instead. It is not worth waiting over an hour to eat there. The table I had was so close to the entrance. As I was eating my dinner, I was facing all the people who were waiting to be seated. I wish they would not put some of the tables so close to the entrance.
3	This is supposedly one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. I wasn't too eager on spending $30 for lunch when I can only shove 2 platefuls of food, but my friend was dying to go here. We got there 30 minutes before lunch service, so we ended up paying for the cheaper breakfast fare enjoying both their breakfast and lunch. Some of the dishes were not palatable and I had to spit it out. I had a cornucopia of everything that looked great; skipping the breads and salad.....I had to make room somehow..... The pizza, eggs benedict, enchilada, and spicy tuna roll were pretty good. The cheese blintz and biscuits & gravy were some of the distasteful items I couldn't swallow. Desserts!!!! There were a vast variety of mini desserts. I really only enjoyed the ice cream the pecan pie. Everything else was mediocre. The standards at this buffet is the same as the Bellagio. It would've been nice to try the dinner buffet because of their seafood selections. Unfortunately, buffets are a waste of money for me, so I don't know if I'll ever get the chance to try. The decor is beautiful! They have tables in the sun room foyer and beautiful flowers everywhere. My glass of water was never empty and my dirty plates were picked up right away.
5	Wow! It is expensive, the wait is very long, and who cares. It is so worth it. I sampled something from every station and it was top notch, from the salmon, to the oatmeal, to the quail, pad thai, shrimp cocktail, pot stickers, ham, prime rib, ribs, corn on the cob (my favorite item, don't ask), the omelette station, waffles, and the entire dessert selection including parfaits, the floating cloud, fresh home-made sorbets and ice creams and cakes. I was completely stuffed. Jesus, even the steamed rice and frosted flakes tasted better here. This is by far the best buffet with me or my wife have ever had in Vegas. She not being the adventurous type had the salmon and red snapper and she hates seafood but walked away loving them. It ran us a total of $75 for two for Sunday brunch, without the champagne. The wait was about 45 minutes at 11:00am. We took our sweet time once inside and got our money's worth. Loved it and would go back a million times.
3	Been here a few times, my friend gets a lot of comps and takes us!  Thanks, Fuks!!  Overall, knowing the cost of this place and what you get I'm not sure the value is very close at all.  We also don't have to wait in the long line which is another huge downside to going to this buffet.  If you cant get line passes, I wouldn't ever bother unless you like standing in long lines with antsy tourists, usually packing kids, for long periods of time. Please note, I am a jaded buffet reviewer being that I don't have a huge appetite, which is a must to get value out of buffets in Vegas!!  Overall unimpressive!!  But I definitely cant beat the price, when its comped........*Don't let my review persuade you not to go there at least once*
4	8/14/10 After much deliberation we decided to head out to the buffett for a nice brunch...The Wynn is always a beautiful place to walk around...the air quality is even nice there...versus...the thick cigarette filled smoke in most other casinos...there was virtually no wait in line at 11am...I got the buffett with the unlimited champagne/mimosa/bloody mary for $7 extra and the b got the regular buffet...we were seated in the garden area which is by far the best area to eat in as it has direct sunlight....It was our first time there and we were pleasantly surprised and liked all that they had to offer..it was truly more than any person could eat...so we ate in moderation and really enjoyed not going to overboard...the dessert selection especially was pretty nice...I have to say it's definitely a place to go try out at least once...if you wanna try out a top rated buffet...we thoroughly enjoyed it!
5	Still the best buffet I've been to.  Of course, you have to keep in mind that's it's a BUFFET so for the peeps expecting a 3-Michelin star experience, you will be disappointed.  The only complaint I have is that a year later, the Wynn Buffet is still serving the same menu but the food (and desserts!) are still delicious!
4	I can't get enough of this place.  Every time I visit Vegas I have to drop by this buffet...at least once.  I think it's because of the variety of items that they have to offer, plus the match between that variety to what I enjoy eating. So in this review I'm going to talk about the items that I love best:Prime Rib - At least 2 helpings of this bad boy. Most of the time they get it perfectly done.....medium rare with horseradish and au jus on top. Sometimes it's a tad too done because the chef is cutting you a piece from the side, which is ok because you can always go back and get another! Crab legs - Super fresh. A palate cleanser and so much more. I can never get full off of these light juicy briny crab legs. Jumbo shrimp with cocktail sauce - Again very fresh and jumbo. The spicy/cool combo is fantastic.Black mussels with garlic bread - I love the clams and mussels at this buffet. Both got a slight spicy kick to them.  For the black mussels you can eat with the garlic bread and slather up the juices from the mussels...excellent.Clams Asian-style - Same as above....I can eat a few dozen of these. It's pretty popular so sometimes I had to wait until they come out with a new batch. Worth the wait.Shrimp tempura roll - a very simple dish, but I like the crunch. Flan/Creme Brulee - It's a treat to get them here because I don't have the opportunity to eat them much.  I like the serving of the creme brulee. They don't give you a ton of the cream and then a lil bit of the crunchy burnt sugar. It's proportional so I don't feel bad having to leave all the cream and just eat the crunchy top.So after you eat all this.....you are definitely prepared for a night of clubbing/gambling!
3	The chocolate ice cream & coffee ice cream are the best!!!The rest of the food was just okay.  If I was a seafood lover, I'd probably be a lot more impressed, but I'm not.  We came here on a Friday around 2:30 for lunch because it's significantly cheaper than coming for dinner and on the weekend.  At about 3:30 they changed to dinner and the crab legs came out, which made a bunch of my friends happy.Overall, it was okay, but not wonderful.  The ice cream was the highlight for me.  SO GOOD!
3	This buffet was number one on my list to try! I've been here twice.. once was on a Saturday for brunch/dinner and a month later it was on a Friday for lunch/dinner. I honestly prefer the food they serve for brunch on the weekend, maybe because I love breakfast foods. It's about ten bucks more, but I think it's worth it! favorites:- the cheese & crackers. simply delicious!- mini waffles & french toast- smoked salmon- crab legs! already split open for you.. yum!- the spicy tuna handrolls- all the pastas! (I'm a huge pasta fan)- clam chowder- CREME BRULEE!- the tiramisu in the little cup-strawberry shortcake- coffee and vanilla ice cream! best coffee ice cream ever!Overall, I had a good experience and the food was good but not spectacular or over the top. If anything, their desserts are what really impressed me and my sweet tooth is not that big. Next on my list is the Bellagio buffet ;)
5	I went here for dinner on a Sunday, $34.95 a person and well worth it!I am a lil' asian girl, but don't let the stature fool you, I ate my money's worth! They have unlimited Alaskan crab legs, and blue crab legs; They had veal; lamb chops; dim sum (which is actually REALLY well made).. Infact everything tasted delightful. They don't have a salad bar; they have individually prepared specialty salads in small glass containers.They have a two-sided dessert area with everything from chocolate mousse, creme brulee, cream puffs, AND crepes they prepare to your liking.Cost of drinks is included, but you gotta tip the waitress at the end of it all.
5	Oh my. The Wynn Buffet. I don't know if I could properly describe in words my love for this particular buffet. Before I share my love story, I have a great tip to share with all of you that will save you some money! Come here at 3:20-3:25pm!!! I know everyone complains about the buffet prices but if you come at this time, you will be greeted with 1) no line and 2) the option to pay for lunch price. A friend tipped me off and I've done this twice already. You don't even have to argue with the cashier, she'll offer it to you. You end up paying $25 for the dinner buffet instead of $45+. Now isn't that a deal??Ok on to the food...My first experience here was overwhelming. There were so many things to choose from! Sometimes, it doesn't help to have a small stomach with a big appetite..not at a buffet! You get full way too fast! I wanted the Alaskan King Crab Legs ( they serve them hot or cold!) buttered up, the shrimp, the lamb chops, the prime rib, the Lamb T-bone steak, the mussels with saffron sauce, the different cuts and types of lamb and beef and chicken, and even the salad and vegetables and soup and bread. I tried everything, there were some that I didn't like here and there but for the most part, everything was spectacular. At this point, I couldn't breathe, I literally couldn't breathe and I told my best friend I felt like throwing up because my tiny little stomach couldn't handle all of the food I had shoved down my throat. I had to sit there and wait...and wait...and wait until my stomach would let me eat more, because God forbid I leave the Wynn without trying their desserts! Though most of their desserts are heavenly there's one dessert I dream about: the Creme Brulee. Try it, love it, dream about it. I've tried other buffets but this one is the Wynner. If a buffet is going to make me want to throw up, not because the food is horrible but because I had a fat kid adventure and stuffed my face, then it's got to be good.
5	This place is a MUST when in Vegas!  The food at this buffet actually tastes as good as or even better than it looks.  I mean, seriously, the desserts are like art, as beautiful as they are decadent,  and the quality is excellent!  Everything is delicious.
4	Not all buffets in Las Vegas are the same. The food quality is good and comparable to the Bellagio  and Mandalay Bay Buffet.The line is shorter. The food is not overwhelming and you don't have to choose through hundreds of food. I still prefer the Bellagio Buffet but will not hesitate to recommend this place.
3	This review is for breakfast... $19.99 gets you omelets, other various breakfast items, some Mexican fare, some Asian stir-fry, and desserts. Standouts: Chicken apple sausage. Hash brown balls. Cinnamon buns. Everything else was just okay. Edible but by no means awesome.  And where's the fresh squeezed juice I had for breakfast at another restaurant in the Wynn just the day before??? Not here. Tropicana (I'm guessing). To be fair, I did not get an omelet.
3	Went for lunch around 11:00 and the line was very long. We ended up waiting for about 30 minutes in line even though there were empty tables everywhere which I never understood. The drink service was very slow, and the food was ok. Dinner must be better because I wouldn't rate the Wynn buffet over any other buffet in Vegas.
4	such beautiful entrance to the buffet! (: flowers and flowers and more flowers, bright but not blinding (due to natural lighting coming from the ceiling) so overall friendly, inviting atmosphere (: ladies dressed in HOT PINK head to toe o__o lol it was quite cute. great service throughout! totally awesome EXCEPT that one lady at the dessert station who started picking on me for taking pictures in her broken english. "ah manager he yes then ok pictures but no because manager ah you no then..." you get the drift -__-" i totally couldn't comprehend her at all...so she ended up calling the manager over while he was standing around "MAH-NEH GERRRR" then he came over and she obnoxiously starts pointing at me saying "picture her okay?" then he totally shut her off and told me it was okay to take pictures and smiled. (: what a cutie hehe. so i went along on a journey with my gigantic dslr and had fun ^__^ heheback to the basics.utensils they used were nice. the knife was realllly heavy. the plates were really pretty and clean. none of the ones i used had chips on them! food was alright. some were awesome, some were alright, and some were nah. the pineapple juice i ordered was SO GOOD.i recommend the spicy tuna handroll, different types of ceviche, pesto pasta you can make at the pasta station, smoked salmon, and the prime rib.crabs were freakishly SALTY ~__~ ahhhhh. blegh. buffalo chicken wings (why would i get this at a buffet. i laugh at myself) was toooooo sweet, pad thai (again why would i get this at a buffet -__-") was...bland. seriously had no flavor what-so-ever. chicken panang had this really overwhelming coconut taste... this baked salmon dish was so dryyy ): pea cream sauce tortellini was way too sweet and so was the shredded bbq pork on the corn bread. i felt like overall, the food was on the sweet side o__oon to deserts,AHHHHH i was in love. creme brulee, tiramisu, panna cotta, strawberry shortcake, liege waffles and crepes that they make on the spot! those are all recommendable.the only ones i was disappointed with were candied apple ( it looked so pretty and enticing but...hard much? -__-" so HARD to bite into. no pun intended ha) and the madeleine cookie...was not good AT ALL.overall, it was a really satisfying experience! (:
4	I can't compare to other buffet's this was my one and only in Las Vegas. I can only say is I love king crab legs and there were huge piles that I could eat all I wanted. I tried a couple of other entree items but only took a couple of bites then went back for more legs. They are cut open so you can just shovel the meat in. The only part is I prefer them warm but understand this would be hard to keep them warm here. Maybe I'll post a picture even though I see someone else has a better one with crab legs. I should have taken a picture of the pile of shells that were left over at the end.The waiter did a great job getting us drinks quickly and I could tell many people were not tipping him enough for how hard he was working. We gave him a great tip. It did help that my Mom who was with me got her meal for free from getting lucky gambling. But still he deserved to be recognized for his hard work.I do suggest getting their early like we did the line to pay was huge by 6 pm but we had an early show to get to.
5	Sign up for the players club, play a little and you'll get comped. Seriously, I was playing a quarter machine for like 30 minutes and earned enough points for a free buffet. Even better? So did mom which meant we were dining courtesy of Mr. Wynn himself (sounds more impressive that way, don't you think?) Sure the wait can vary between long and very long but the gluttony awaiting you at the end is worth it. Peppered bacon which is thick cut? check. Sushi? check. Pizza? Check. More deserts than you can think of? check. But the pinnacle of all pinnacles was getting not one but TWO end cuts of prime rib. Didn't care about the sodium or the fat but just reveled in the glory of getting my most favorite cut of meat! Even if I had to pay, the value to cost ratio is a good one and well worth it!
3	typical buffet fare. its not spectacular but its not bad at all.i loved the mussels, prime rib and dessert. those very my highlights of the meal. the rest i don't care much.mussels, they were not overcooked and they had a nice creamy sauce with it. you can dip bread in it all day and be satisfied. as for the prime rib, definitely done to med-rare with all the juicy goodness. desserts here are a must, you cannot leave without trying them. some may be a bit sweet but if you share with your friends they are so yummy and good.
4	I'm a newbie when it comes to Vegas buffets. So, when I asked for suggestions for places to eat in Vegas (I don't frequent Vegas as much as my other friends) a majority suggested The Buffet at the Wynn. So, I checked it out for brunch in May. I was pleasantly surprised with their selection of food (I should be given that it's not the cheapest buffet). I got to admit though, I'm in love with their corn haha! Okay, now in July, we waited for our friend to arrive from LA to meet us here for my boyfriend's birthday so we had to go during dinner. Paid about $50 per person including the gratuity. I must say, the selection during dinner is a lot better than brunch, delicious and worth the money!  Desserts were good, but I was fond of the creme brulee the most! Since then, I've been craving creme brulee, but haven't found a place that can fix that.
4	I had the opportunity to go to the Wynn's buffet twice in two days -- once at breakfast, and then again at dinner, so I thought I would write down my thoughts as a review. I also had the buffet at the Bellagio about a month before this, so that's what guides the comparisons I'm making here.I'd go so far as to say it's impossible to write a review of this buffet without placing it in the context of the Bellagio. Both hotels are near the top of the Vegas hotel and food experience, they're near comparable in terms of pricing, and they both bear the heavy hand of Wynn himself. I'll come right out and say it: I think the Wynn's buffet is just a bit better than the Bellagio's. Don't kick yourself if you go to one over the other though -- the difference is noticeable, but not vast, and both of them offer a fun and tasty experience. Overall, I found the Wynn had higher quality food -- fresher, slightly better prepared, and even winning a bit on presentation. The Bellagio did have a wider variety of food, but at times it felt a little mass produced, and some things weren't just served the way they should be (shrimp cocktail a bit too cold, eggs a bit too tepid, that kind of thing). Other things were exactly similar -- they both served the same Freixenet champagne, they both featured gloriously patches of natural light interspersed with more conventional booths and tables, and they both seemed to have comparable attention to service. Here's what I liked about the Wynn:* The desserts [which were clearly superior to the Bellagio's] were awesome. Superb ice cream, yummy apple pie bits, tasty cookies, and wild candied apples -- this is to say nothing of the buttery croissants near the dessert. :)* The drinks -- the same all you can drink champagne on Sunday mornings that you can get at most places, and then 'bottomless' version of the same for a modest fee in the evenings [$7 for all-you-can-drink Kettel One Bloody Mary's here). Service on these was great -- I never found myself wanting for alcohol. :)* The bacon was just the right amount of crispy. It's a hard thing to cook bacon for a mass of people without making the bacon either too soggy or too burnt, but they nailed it.* Solid breakfast: Good french toast, good eggs benedict, tasty waffles. They just got it all right, and generally you miss on at least one dish at breakfast.* THE KING CRAB. I saved the best for last. Because, honestly, Jesus Christ, the crab was the best crab I'd ever put in my mouth at a buffet. Pre-cracked (brilliant), served with surely-bad-for-you-but-oh-so-good butter, and I went through three plates of it at dinner. Ok, now I've poured out my heart about the crab, here's what I didn't like about the buffet:* The LineI know that when you give Americans (or people visiting in America and wanting to cosplay our life of reckless excess) an all-you-can-eat pass, they show up in droves. But I have to think, in my heart of hearts, that you can do better than making me stand in line for 45 minutes on a Sunday night to get in to eat. It's also galling to me when I'm staying in the prole-ish rooms at the Wynn that I get to see the beautiful people from the tower suites waltzing ahead of me over in the VIP line.  Crab envy gave me class envy.* The crab only comes out at 3:30 pm. The crab would make a perfect breakfast or lunch food, but it's only brought out for dinner.  There are all sorts of plans where you buy lunch at 3:15, then wait for the crab to show up, but honestly I would rather be able to pay a little extra in the morning to get access to that sweet, sweet crab.* A little over the top in the exotic department.Even in the dessert section, which I regarded as stand-out, this showed up. While the stuff there was amazing, I ended up missing some of the more basic desserts that I come to expect -- cheesecake, chocolate, German chocolate, coconut cake, or even some eclairs (which my gf couldn't find).*I would happily go again -- and if they fixed any one of my complaints, I'd give it 5 stars in a heartbeat.
5	One of the best buffet i have ever been too... Came here for dinner and went back the following day for bruch ( with Champagne) it was that delicious. They have massive amount of good food. From american, to asian, to soul food... There were so much good food that i litterally wanted to just take a nap in one of the booth after eating wake up and eat again.. If you plan on going to only one buffet, this one is highly recomended...King Crab legs, Lamb chops, large ships on the pad thai... i'm getting hungry just describing it. The dessert section alone is a reason to go....both brunch and dinner was well worth what wepaid for.. i will def. go here again... and again.. and i dont even like a lot of buffet foods so that should say something
4	If you're going to do a Vegas buffet... This is the one to go to. It has amazingly beautiful decor (like the rest of the Wynn hotel), but more importantly, the food is remarkable. First of all, the selection is ridiculous - there is food from all over the world! On top of that, it's great quality foods, especially meats, of which you can have as much as you'd like. I don't recommend that though, because you want to have room to try everything!The best part, in my opinion, is the dessert area. I could have gone to the buffet just for that! Fresh crepes, ice cream counter, cakes, pastries, cookies, etcetera, etcetera! It was amazing!The only downside to this buffet is the price... It was $50 for dinner buffet. But you do get the option of tons of different high quality meats and other more rare types of food all in one location. It's worth it... Maybe not for every meal, but it's worth it.
3	Las Vegas is the Sin City of the world. For those who hasn't venture to try your luck at this cliche and adventure filled place, you are missing out. Just imagine people from all around the world, here to find their own adventure all compacted into one crazy section of the Las Vegas Boulevard. There are shows out your wazoo. There is shopping where ever you turn you head to. There are bars themed bars that will sell you a 40 OZ replica guitar filled with margarita or any common alcoholic frozen drink of your poison. Pretty much you can reenact the Hangover movie experience, or go have a bacherlorette groupie and do what ever your what and even a guy's weekend to do anything you desire. It is true that what ever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, except your money and a credit card bill when you return home of course. When you go, just go ahead and budget to spend without too much worries. You only live once.So, one of my quest in Vegas was to find This buffet that everyone keeps talking about. I wanted to see what the hype was about since it was even located at The Wynn Hotel.When you walk into the entrance of the buffet, you can notice a whole lot of flower arrangements and butterfly tiles. The owner of the place, Steve Wynn (one of the richest man in the world, by the way) apparently is Buddhist and lives the way of circle which explains a lot about the decor and red and a whole lot of butterflies. I was told by my pals in Philly that the seafood side was pretty good for a buffet. So, I rushed to that side immediately after I ordered my drink. Behold, a mound of giant king crab legs sliced in half to help the eater easily extract the meat without any difficulty. They make it so easy for you. The jumbo cocktail shrimps are mostly peeled and the butter is dispense into a mini bowl. The only thing missing that would have made it extremely effortless to eat my seafood platter I made was that they should have had a lemon juice dispenser. They had prime rib there. They had everything you would see at a thanksgiving supper like whole turkey carved. They had Sushi hand rolls, Sashimi, clam chowder with real claims and chunks of chicken, chicken noodle like mama intended it to be like, Chinese take out style gourmet foods, and everything you would look for in a buffets.My only complaint at the place was that I though the desserts weren't so great compared to other places I have been to. I mean they have a decent Gelato stand, but the cakes and everything else was so disappointing. Their french crepes were small and too powdery. They need to make it bigger like the Paris Hotel's Buffet. They also should serve creme brulee with less caramelized sugar on top and they should use a smaller torch. This is not shop class meets cooking. It certainly was not as good as it should be. I would not recommend their creme brulee because it seemed rushed and poorly prepared. The fruits tasted like water. I mean everything looked great, almost like a piece of art. I would say, stick with the ice cream and the food there at this buffet, and your experience would be satisfying enough.For a 40$ buffet, it's a okay. Just would not be a repeat for me since there are tons of food places I need to try out in Las Vegas since you have to drop at least 40$ for the good buffet at dinner time.
4	Wow I can't believe I went to a buffet and I actually felt like I got my money's worth.We don't eat meat so we were happy to see various seafood options.  I tried the salmon, lox, sushi, indian food, a piece of french toast, shrimp cocktails, all kinds of veggie sides, and tons of desserts. :) There's nothing that will make you go OMG! but it's a buffet so that's expected. Definitely a great place to have brunch and recover from a night of no sleep. The decor is fun, something out of Alice in Wonderland and the service is prompt to get in and relaxed and polite once you're inside. We spent over two hours here leisurely trying small portions of each thing so we wouldn't feel stuffed.  Ended it with a cup of coffee and awesome company. :)
5	Usually I don't drop this much money for a single meal, but I figure..."hey it's Vegas! We go here to drop $$ why not!.."  Best decision ever.Came here for lunch and it cost me about $40 including 18% gratuity tip because we had a party of over 6 people.  The restaurant is located inside the Wynn and has a very Alice in Wonderland feel to it.  It's humongous inside and has a huge selection of food to choose from. Everything was delicious, and I would say this is probably the best buffet that I've ever been to and def. one of the nicest restaurants I've been to (because I don't usually spend this much on food).  I would definitely eat here again.  What disappointed me was that I didn't see the creme brulee that people were talking about..(maybe it's served for dinner only??)
5	HOLY SHIT! KING CRAB LEGS GALORE! This was my second buffet-dining experience in Vegas (the first time was at the Bellagio). No, guys, the Wynn Buffet is not cheap, but it is, in my opinion the best buffet on the strip, hands down. The minute I walked in, I felt like I was in heaven. I walked straight to where the king crabs legs were at, and filled my plate to the rim. For a lazy person such as myself, I'm so grateful that they minimized the work for me and sliced the legs in half, and all had to do was pull the meat out. Seriously, all of the food were delicious, especially the prime rib! And, omg, their desset section is to die for! I literally grabbed everything because they all looked sooo good. Their creme brulee, omg... it's like orgasm in your mouth.Take my advice, stop by here on your last day in Vegas, because you'd want to eat and stuff yourself and get your money's worth, and by doing so, I doubt you'll be able to fit into your clubbing dress after, so if I were you, I'd eat here on my last day in Sin City, because I know I don't have to worry about trying to fit into my clubbing dress later that night, haha.
5	While we were in Vegas, we decided to try the Buffet at Wyn. Wyn is a really nice and beautiful Hotel and Casino. There's this waterfall outside of one of their Cafe/restaurant. Their buffet area is huge with so many selection. Prime ribs, desserts and the whole nine. All of their food is good, literally. How can everything be so good? Definitely worth $50! They have a huge dessert area with people serving it. Service is great. They came by often for our drinks, clean up dirty plates. This is the only Buffet I tried in Vegas and I'm glad this was my first. Definitely go back here when I'm in Vegas.
3	From everything I had heard about the Wynn Buffet I expected to walk into an airplane hangar with aisle upon aisle of every food I could possibly imagine.  Turns out my interpretation of buffet heaven is slightly too fantastical and instead I ended up having a moment to myself wondering where they were hiding the rest of the food.  I still wonder if maybe I wasn't missing something, some corridor that I did not explore, because I hardly considered myself overwhelmed by the options.  Maybe my expectations were too high.  Maybe people shouldn't throw around adjectives like "huge" and "crazy big" since this girl will spin it into a food utopia.  Whichever the case, I do not want to belittle the selection too much because there is a lot to choose from.  There just weren't any food mountains.  And I found that disappointing.That being said, the buffet has good variety for both carnivores and vegetarians, even a vegan option or two, and everything is yummy to really yummy.  The waitstaff attentively removes plates and refills drinks so you can focus solely on gorging yourself instead of flagging someone down for more water or booze.  And as with any good buffet you'll find yourself taking labored breaths and clutching your stomach by the end of it all, bemoaning your decision to eat that much food in the first place but still slowly and painfully spooning bread pudding into your waiting mouth.But would I do it again?  Probably not.  I'd rather spend that $50 on a finer dining experience.  Or pay $35 for that all day buffet deal that lets you eat at 5 different buffets on the strip.  Taken together 5 buffets might actually come close to an airplane hangar full of food.  And then I could live the fantasy.
5	So good I may just move to Vegas. I am pretty tiny but  I managed to put away plates and plates and plates of the amazing food offered at this buffet. My friends got so bored some of them left me there while they got ready because yes I spent HOURS eating =D NOM!! They had FIVE ceviche options, giant king crab legs (already cracked and split for you), sushi (which could be passed on), thai salads, bok choy yes!!! Dessert after dessert after dessert! Back to the meat station! Now the pastas! Ceviche again! Dessert once... okay three times more! Hallelujah I am in HEAVEN. Besides the best food spread in the world their service is impeccable and the decor is AMAZING... flowers and paintings everywhere, you would think you were at a fine restaurant had it not been for the fact that you were eating like you had never eaten before in your life - and not getting kicked out for it. With so many fun and great things to do in Vegas it's pretty impressive that the ONLY thing I MUST do is eat at this buffet. Time to plan a trip back so I can EAT! Oh and its cheap! =D
3	I've been here twice now, once for a Sunday brunch buffet, and once for a weekday dinner, and I've got to say the first time was great but the second time was disappointing.I went to the brunch two years ago in May 2008, which I think was closer to the opening of The Buffet.  I remembered enjoying this a lot more than the dinner I had.  There were a lot more things to choose from, for example I remember them having a cha seew bao.  I honestly can't remember other specific things they had, but I just remember it being more extravagant than the dinner.  A side note though, my family had a large party for the brunch, and they seated us in a private seating area, and it was very beautiful!  This place is great for groups.Some highlights from my dinner include a delicious prime rib, poached pear salad (already made in a cute little cup), and desserts.  The desserts were probably the highlight of the meal -- it included items like panna cotta (probably my favorite!), 3 different flavored cream puffs, strawberry shortcake slices, gelato and ice cream (with toppings too), and a staff member there assembling your own personal crepe.  Definitely save room for dessert!Take home message:  buffet was better in 2008 than in 2010!  $35 for weekday dinner price just in case you were wondering.
3	$35 brunch without alcohol.. yikesnever ending long ass line.. to wait longer if you're in a large group (6 people)I've been to the Wynn buffet twice. Both times I felt it was good, but not worth the hefty price tag.We came for a late brunch/early dinnerUnimpressed:Eggs Benedict and their breakfast items (waffles, pancakes, eggs).. breakfast is not worth your calories here!Baked mussels were not good at all, I grabbed a plate only because they brought a fresh batch out but the meat was teensy and sauce was salty.Yellow Curry, which was their featured "soup" at the time. It tasted nothing like curry even though it was made to orderany of their Asian food.. it was just typicalCrepes, candy apples, and some of the dessert cups. They were mehNoteworthy Items:Selection of fish (sea bass, salmon, red snapper) was impressive and goodSelection of cevicheSeafood pot pieCream puff with Raspberry filling -- this was yummy!Gelato and flan here were tastyI guess if you're Asian, you and the entire table will flock to the King Crab Legs to get your money's worth. (I personally don't see the fascination especially with cold crab legs, because there's hardly any meat on those things -___-)Also, they have prime rib and veal which were good but nothing to rave home aboutOverall the food was so-so, some highlighted dishes but many that were just standard or mediocre, especially with a price tag not including alcohol that could break your bank.
4	Oh boy there was so much food from Italian to Asian food. This place was beautiful and very roomy. It was so overwhelming that I got full really fast. You really have to have a huge appetite to go here especially when it's almost $40 per person for dinner. Their desserts were awesome and great service.What I like the most was the prime rib, Italian meats and salad bar.
1	This buffet is overrated. Went to the $35 brunch a few years ago, decor of eating area was quite plain to say the least, compared to some of the other buffets around Vegas (ie: Paris, Rio).When i first walked in, the first item i saw was...Asian CONGEE?? What the heck?!!! In asian countries like China, Congee is seen as cheap street food. Here its actually one of the featured stations. Totally lame...All the other brunch items were nothing out of the ordinary that you could not find at a cheaper buffet.Not worth the money. If there is one buffet in Vegas that really kicks butt, it's the Rio World seafood buffet. Money well spent there and good food!
5	This is by far the best buffet I've had in Vegas. If you are only going to hit one buffet this is the one to try. It offers both a huge selection and great quality. This is also one of the priciest buffets in town from about $25 to $40 per person depending on the time. My favorite selection is the make your own salad bar. The Asian chicken salad is great! Honestly, pretty much everything I've had at this buffet is very well prepared and delicious. You'll find items here that you are likely to find on a 5 star menu and they don't taste mass produced.***You'll read this in my other Vegas buffet reviews...make sure to find out when the buffet price changes from breakfast to lunch and lunch to dinner. The best time to visit any buffet is just before the time change. You'll get to pay a little less and have the benefit of trying both meal selections as they change over the items.
5	The best buffet in VEGAS hands down!!!!The quality and taste of the food here is awesome.  It's like eating at a restaurant and not a buffet.  There are soo much to choose from that you'll be stuffed before you are able to walk through the entire line!  There are two dessert lines that are constantly being restocked because it tastes soo good.  Everything about this place is wonderful, and I have to eat here at least once when I visit Vegas.Service is also great.  They take away the dirty plates really quickly and constantly refill your drinks.  The place is always kept clean, and it's definitely worth the extra bucks to eat here versus some of the other buffet places.
4	The Wynn buffet is pretty and delicious. I started with the meat - good girl. I had perfect pink prime rib, pork ribs and some thick cut bacon. Mr. Cow meet Mr. Pig.I hit the antipastos and there were 4 cheeses, and the olives and crisps were nice.The crab/shrimp in some egg - was that supposed to be a souffle? eh - don't waste your stomach space, I should have had quiche instead. Smoked trout - which I like more than salmon and tons of large cocktail shrimp.The ceviche was good - but I tread lightly, tasting only one, because of my first walk up the ramp - which I'll explain later.I tried most of the desserts - now meet Miss Piggy Cheryl D. I wanted creme brulee but there was none at the time - There were cookies and various pretty plastic boxes and cups and demitasses layered and filled with gelees, raspeberry, chocolate, pear, cake goodness. There were a couple mousse - meese? - I don't know, I was high off food. I chomped on cookies and bread pudding with creme anglaise and a side of ice cream - Peach cobbler was nasty.It was good for the most part. We went there upon arriving and check-in was at 3 so it was nice having the bell desk take the bags and enjoying ourselves in the meantime. We sat in the back, carpeted area that faces the hallway. For some reason I the ramp area leading to our seats from the buffet smelled like airplane that day. Which is not pleasant for me - I get airsick. I don't know why - the carpet had the telltale steamed V-tracks - ventilation?... Had I known this I'd have waited longer to sit in the very pretty garden court type area so I wouldn't think of gagging on the pretty and delicious food I was trying.
5	Expensive yes worth every dollar.  You cannot get the quality of food they serve anywhere else in the world that you get here.  Lamb Chops, Prime Rib, King Crab legs, Shrimp, Sushi, Salads desserts.  Everything first class.  As people who read my reviews know I am all about price to value.  Well $75 for two people seems expensive for a buffet until you realize that you can eat all the king crab legs you want.  And they go for north of $35 a pound at any other eatery.  So do the math if you want king crab legs this is a deal when you factor in drink, salad and  dessert.  So $75 becomes a deal.Service top notch.  Venue top notch.  When Wynn does something he does it first class and he never waivers.
5	I would say this is my fav lunch buffet at Vegas.....so many stations...the variety they offered at each one....we pretty much stayed at the salad section though......the salads in the glass cups I would stay away from though...although it was visually eye catching.....it wasn't equally as tasty....but everything else we had was delicious....They have a great dessert station too......and I'm not really into dessert either.....with a variety of baked goods from cookies to cakes to gelato.....I picked at this and that...cuz we ended up sharing it instead of eating it all solo....that way you can taste everything you feasted your eyes on..... :)And I loved the area we ate at.....the natural lighting that lit up the brightly colorful room was oh so nice....was kind of a faux greenhouse look they were going with....would have been great for a photo shoot...they had other eating areas too....one off to the side which didn't have a  skylight......so if you didn't want to be in the spotlight they had that too....Love love love the Wynn......
5	This buffet is the bomb.  With the king crab legs prime rib lamb meats smoke salmon and steamed fish. Probably the best I've had in Vegas. It's also so much better when u go on a weekday late lunch and come out after dinner time. Now that's eating dinner but paying for lunch if u know what I mean. Hahahhahha woo hahahaawooohaaah. Ok I'm done.
4	came on a fri night around 8pm. 25 min line.$40 per person or so.- had 3 platefuls of food, seafood quality was so-so, bass was dry- their roasted veggies and asparagus was good- soups good- desserts very tasty- crab legs tastyoverall 3.5 to 4. would come here as my vegas buffet, but have to remind myself that its not all that. only 1/3 of what i ate was actually tasty enough to get seconds
4	I love the Wynn. I love the buffet. I love the plethora of desserts offered at this buffet. I love how the food looks and taste fresh despite it sitting in a steaming warmer for countless ppl to poke at. I also love that its around $25 for me to go up countless times for hot/cold/salty/sweet items until I feel my pants start to burst. Wynn Lunch Buffet...HOORAY!
5	Best. Buffet. Ever.A few years ago my friends uncle took us for dinner and I was blown away. I generally loathe buffets and find that the quality of food is not worth the price you're paying; nor do I like feeling like I must gorge myself to justify the money I'm spending or so that I don't feel like a wuss for not taking advantage of "All You Can Eat".  But the Wynn buffet was fantastic. Crab legs. Amazing soup. Fresh ceviche. When I went back with my girls this past week I insisted we go. We arrived too late for breakfast, but the lunch buffet had an omelette station so there was at least a little breakfast element. The salads in the cups were adorable. The flank steak was juicy and flavorful and tender without being cooked to death (how they did this I have no idea, especially as it was at a hot station). The desserts were plentiful, adorable, and pretty tasty for buffet desserts (the strawberry shortcake is pretty damned good, as is the raspberry champagne parfait). Everything I've ever had has been delicious- put aside your buffet fears, there WILL be something to please you. **** Do not put on a bikini afterwards. We learned this the hard way.
4	To cap off two weeks of visiting friends and family, we did breakfast with business colleagues staying at Wynn who were told the Wynn breakfast buffet is amazing.  We have to agree -- excellent. I restrained myself since I had a lunch scheduled for a few hours later. Had an egg white omelet that was fabulous as well as some grilled pineapple and some berries plus a few candied pecans   My husband enjoyed the smoked fish (lox/trout/herring) and sausage, including apple chicken sausage. He had vanilla bean ice cream with toasted coconut for dessert. Huge variety for about $20/person during the week. I also noticed delicious items like crab frittata and salmon eggs benny.
5	This is a required stop for every Vegas trip we make!  I love to sit in the atrium, as it is sunny and beautiful!Service-  top of the line and very attentive.  Champagne glasses never empty.Food-  My favorite is the prime rib.  Ohhhh..  simply delicious, especially for a buffet.  The great thing is that there are so many different options:  salad, soup, seafood, breakfast, pizza, pasta, veggies, asian, omlets....and the best dessert bar.  The desserts all are delicious, fresh, creative.This buffet is fabulous!  You must try it!
4	IMO still the best buffet in Vegas.  Quality has fluctuated a bit in the past several years but I still think it better than the other higher end buffets.  You do pay more since it is a higher end buffet, but I think its worth it because of  the variety  of the selection and quality of food.  If you want to experience a quality vegas buffet, this is the place that I would recommend
4	Sunday Champagne Brunch - Fantastic.This is the best buffet in Vegas.  I don't need to say anymore.  You're reading this review somewhere on the strip, casino, hotel room... looking......you are looking for the best buffet because you just lost your shirt on the tables and slots so you want to eat your money's worth.  Here it is.  Now turn off your iPhone, laptop, Droid, iPad, whatever.  It's time to eat.
5	OMG!!! My absolute Fav! Hotel! Buffet! All That! I LOVE THE WYNN! Don't do Vegas without it!
5	Oh my bursting buttons !  The food is all first rate, but the desserts..... The desserts are to die for!
5	Best buffet on the strip hands down.. prime rib, crab legs, cornish game hen,and their small desserts are amazing. Its a regular stop everytime I go to Las Vegas.
3	Pretty standard buffet. I was expecting a crazy buffet spread but everything was just ok. For $30 bucks a head? No thanks. There were 4 of us and we were all disappointed. I think we should of just went to the Bellagio buffet. Best parts about the buffet-Prime Rib-Dumplings at the china station-Potstickers at the china station-Desserts-Omelet Station-Dessert StationAllot of the seafood was prepared poorly, overcooked and sour tasting. Its pretty sad that the place is soo nice and the food is just ok. a couple good items and the rest Fillers, just to fill the buffet. Probably wont come back here for again.
3	Many would compare this buffet to the Bellagio buffet.Why would you do that? They're worlds apart.We were seated politely by the hostess and I told my party to go get food while I ordered their drinks for them. Our soon to be server glanced over at our table and walked off. I waited for about, oh, five minutes and my party returned. "Where's our drinks?" I don't know, I haven't seen our server yet, I'll go get my food.When I get back, still no drinks. I grab our hostess and tell her we are very parched and would like some brawn-do with electrolytes. She grabs a busser and she takes our order...very suspiciously.When the busser gets back, she just stares at everyone, you could tell she was counting. "It says here on your ticket you have five people and I see six, did one of you sneak in?" Are you serious? Is this why you didn't give us our drinks? We produce our ticket and show we paid for six people. The lady just nods and walks off, no apologies or anything.Oh, where was I? This was Sunday brunch and it had nothing special to it. The fresh squeezed orange juice was awesome when it got there, but the only other thing that really stood out was their awesome dessert island. Just don't get the candied apple, it will break all of your teeth.The food was good, just nothing really stood out. If you are close to the Bellagio, then I would recommend Bellagio. If you are close to the Wynn, I would recommend walking the extra mile to Bellagio.
4	Breakfast--lunch. We caught the tail end on breakfast and the beginning of lunch for 21.00. Nice very high quality food!
5	This is the best. Period.My hubby and I were looong time Bellagio Buffet fans. We thought it was the best, and it was. Until The Wynn came along. The quality of the Wynn Buffet is unsurpassed. The selection is creative and the surroundings are beautiful and you don't feel like you're eating in a buffet or being herded like cattle. I have never eaten anything but the dinner buffet so I can not comment on the breakfast or the lunch. The price is right on for the quality and we have never had bad service. We are going this week and really can't wait! You will not find a better buffet anywhere. Sorry Bellagio, but you just can't compete with the Wynn. Weekends are best as they offer a seafood heavy version. But they offer cracked crab legs every night...our favorite!!
4	We always come here when we go to Vegas. My hubby loves their prime rib. They have good selections and the food is generally of very good quality. There's always a line to get in, then a line to get the crab legs. We've never had trouble with the services either.
5	I am obsessed with the veal short ribs. They fall off the bone, melt in your mouth, and are effortless to eat. Oh and did I mention they are phenomenal tasting?
3	I had early breakfast on a Sunday at their buffet. The food was delicious, very Las Vegas gluttony. As far as the hype, I still haven't seen it yet, though I'm warranting another try at this place.
4	Quite the long wait here, but of all the buffets, I think it's worth the wait. If you've got good timing, you can stay here long enough for both lunch and dinner services! We probably waited about an hour for a table, but sat down around 2pm and slowly started eating. The dishes were all pretty good, there was lots of variety, and most of the ingredients seemed pretty fresh. And since we were eating so slowly, we were able to stay till past 3pm and get the alaskan king crab legs. Yummmmy. Unfortunately, service here was just okay. Sometimes it was hard to get a refill or have our plates cleared out.
3	I dunno if it's the economy or if we just went on a bad day. When The Wynn first opened, their buffet beat out my then-favorite, the Bellagio's buffet, as the best buffet in Vegas. However, after going again recently, I was kinda disappointed in their selections. Sure, they still had the king crab legs and their asian ribs were to die for (and as someone who really doesn't eat meat, I ate my weight in ribs!) but their sushi section was a bit lacking, their salads were weak, and by the time I got to dessert, I just wasn't inspired. And what's a Vegas buffet ending without some gut-poppin' desserts? And how uninspired was I? So uninspired I only took ONE food pic: http://twitgoo.com/1gg38oPluses - fine with kids, large groups, and since it's Vegas, you can show up in flip-flops and ripped jeans and no one would care.The Wynn (and now Encore) will still be my fav Vegas hotel, but I think I'll save my cash for video poker next time.
4	This is probably one of the best buffets at Vegas.  We arrived at the Wynn at around noon, it was too early to check in, so we went there for lunch before we were able to check in.  The wait was not too bad (about 20-30 min on a Thursday), and the food was really good.  The waiter service (for the Booze) was a bit slow though.
5	OWNED Bellagio buffet.If I had known, I would have only chosen Wynn. Every single day. it was incredible. Four types of ceviche, three kinds of smoked fish. The best Gazpacho I have had since Barcelona. Inspired salads (my favorite with blue cheese, pecans and poached pears,) an assortment of cheeses, Incredibly tasty pastas, Chinese Tofu dishes. ice cream bar, candied apples, fresh fruits, Wild caught Salmon, handrolls.My Chinese SO Adored the dumplings, thought they were fantastic.*salivating on keyboard* The Bellagio buffet left me feeling sick and undernourished. The Wynn buffet left me satiated for the remainder of the day.  Excellent Value for the money with quality offerings and less cheap fillers. Tonnes of healthy options, $25 at lunch. Well worth it.
5	Out of all the buffets I've been to in Vegas, this definitely takes the crown of the best right here.Sure it costed $30 for a weekend lunch, but I definitely got my $30 worth and whole lot more.  I was especially a fan of Pad Thai, the unlimited number of Spicy Tuna hand rolls, and Ribs!  So delicious!I'd make every effort to come back here the next time I'm in town.  Definitely worth it.
4	Yahoo food in big sliver trays all you can eat stop the press! Yes I am a foodie and live for buffets in Sin City everyone has a buffet the 7-eleven has a hot dog buffet. I like this one because of three things: 1. the food is fresh, 2. the food is cooked at the chefs station not in some secret kitchen somewhere behind the dumpster! and 3. there a endless supply of all things food! This is the best buffet on the strip by a long shot. They have a variety of cuisines to choose from all made fresh. My favorite was the Asian food station, fresh sushi, noodles and stir fry dishes also there was no one wok Johnny at this place all cooked on the spot. They also have a good selection of sea food either raw or cooked. The desserts tables were filled with all kinds of gut busting treats so save some room. The service is good they take plates from your table on a regular bases so you can fill up a new one. The price is right as well under 35 bucks for this type of quality is worth it. I say when in Sin City check them out!
4	Probably one of the best buffets in town when it comes to food quality, choice and atmosphere. They had a bunch of food stations with all types of stuff including seafood, sushi, Italian, Indian etc. etc. Everything we had was excellent including the desserts including made to order crepes. I'd go again for sure.
5	I am in LOVEEEE with the Wynn buffet!The Wynn knows EXACTLY how to win my heart over with their delicious strawberries and their own little side room of desserts and ice cream.  Not to mention, they have the one thing i MUST drink in the mornings when in Vegas- mimosas!  They are super generous with the champagne to orange juice proportion.  So you can get a super nice buzz when walking out of the buffet!Can I start with how much of a crush I have on the Wynn dessert room?  They have ice creams in so many different flavors and various toppings.  They have little plates of cakes, mousses, brownies, cookies and my favorite- TIRAMISU!  I could eaten those all day long!If you come here, you MUST try the following:1.  Their strawberries are to die for!  So yummy with the cream that they have on the side.  I love eating it with the brown sugar and whipped cream.  2.  Their Caesar salad was delicious!  I love the cheese and dressing.3.  Visit the omelet station!  I mean it! Don't skip out on it!  It is so delicious!4.  Get their mimosas!  It will make you feeling nice for the rest of the morning.It a guarantee that I will be coming back the next time in Vegas.  I love strolling around the Wynn hotel after my buffet.  Perfect way to digest by walking through the beautiful hotel.
5	If you want a buffet experience that is better than the average buffet you need to come here.  There is a wide variety of choices, with my favorite being the king crab legs.  I also love their dessert section.  The cakes and other desserts on display are beautiful.  I've been here several times and have never had bad service.  I always get a cappucino with dessert and it comes with a little sugar swizzle stick ;)Of course you gotta pay to play - it's the Wynn.  Stay a few and make it worth your money.  My friend goes at the end of lunch hour and pays lunch price, and stays through dinner - she know's what's up!
4	Normally I avoid buffets like a bad plague, but whenever I'm in Vegas, I try to stop here at least once, for one thing... the creme brulee.  I love it here, it's unlimited. It's not overly sweet, yet, has a nice caramelized top hiding a liquid creamy center.  I've eaten 8 in one sitting... in addition to prime rib, roast lamb, cocktail shrimp, easy split king crab legs.... you get the idea.  To mitigate the saltiness of crab legs, I peel a pile of them first and let it soak in lemon juice.  I love how the crab is so easy to peel!Clarified butter, great salad selection, in clean colorful surroundings.  I'd give this place 5-stars, but it's just a bit too expensive compared to the other buffets around.  Dessert has a grand selection, though half are bit too sweet for me.  But again, creme brulee is great, and I love the ice cream.  I get the coffee flavor with sliced almonds.  You get lots of choices.  I'd avoid the Asian stuff... none of it was to my liking at all.  My friends also enjoy coming here, but it might be wasted on a girl with a small appetite.
5	Spendy, but so worth it. No matter what meal you eat, it's going to be delicious. The selections just go on forever, and I actually didn't get to try everything because I was so full.The atmosphere is pretty awesome too, it's really bright and nice in there.It's well worth the wait.
5	My all time favorite place. The price is a little pricey, but it all worth it. I come to Vegas a lot, so I tried so many different Buffet restaurant. This one is the best one I ever had. I love prime rib the most. I always eat 3 pieces each time I'm there. The service is always at high standard. They always around to help you out. I'm love this place.
5	So for $30+ per person, this place was really worth it! Besides the lavish decor that really distracted me from the main deal, the food!! The different choices were soOOo delish. I mean, I'm not a fan of buffets, because I HATE food that's just being left out  being warmed by a light bulb. BUT gosh, I wasn't even intoxicated, but the food was really good. Especially the desserts.
2	I eat at a different Las Vegas buffet once a week. This was my 2nd dinner at Wynn Buffet and second disappointed. Currently Wynn Buffet offers worst value in Las Vegas. Most of the food they have is great except for crab legs which were small and dry, though there may be some dry spell on those because Planet Hollywood had the same problem with crab legs recently. However, the main issue is simply lack of food selection. No ribs, no roast, no brisket, no mushrooms, no fruit, and no many other things that I enjoy at other local buffets, not even strawberries that other reviewers mentioned. I could get filled up with mashed potatoes and prime rib, but that's not why I'm paying $35 for a buffet. My family also couldn't find much to eat, which was a huge letdown. We all much prefer Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood, Green Valley Buffet, and others at lower prices.BTW, people serving Caesar salad at Wynn look just ridiculous. I saw two customers  trying to explain how much salad they want to squeeze on their already half-filled plates, and going back and forth "little less", "little more", instead of getting themselves as much salad as they want. Come on, is this place so snobby that patrons wouldn't know how to handle their own salad? This might be great bit for a next comedy blockbuster though.
5	This is probably one of the best bang for buck buffets in vegas. I always stop by here for dinner everytime I come to vegas. I seriously ate so much one time that I had to run into their nice bathroom and...but anyways the line's pretty much a 45min wait on holidays and maybe just 20-30 on regular days. The first place I hit up is the seafood corner just to stock up on crab legs and sashimi, which btw are very fresh. Then I head over to the meats and poultry. Lamb and sirloin are super juicy and are something you'd find at a steakhouse quality wise. Then I head over to the pastas and finally the desserts.Service is pretty proficient and quick, and the setting isn't really themed or anything like other vegas buffets, but still very nice. I'd recommend this place to anyone as one of the best all you can eats in vegas!
5	It's definitely the greatest buffet I've ever had! The smoked salmon is a must! Next time I go to Vegas, this will be the first place I'm going to.
3	Okay, the first time I came here.. the food was outstanding. My friends and I were famished and couldn't wait to finally see the cashier after waiting in the line. Note that there was a line FOR the line. Next three times I came to Wynn, it was horrible..everything was mediorce and cold. The selections seem to be decreasing as well..Word of advice - If you're not about to pass out from hunger, go somewhere else and save money for alcohol/gambling.
3	How can you go wrong with AYCE king crab legs. Everything was good. The only issue we had was the wife was eating the shrimp and she came across a two small piece's glass in her shrimp we got a manager over showed them glass he refunded her meal.He then got security over to write a report up just in case after we finished our meal. They were all very professional and took this matter very serious as I did. Needless to say we came back two nights later for the crab legs.
1	Meh. Definitely NOT worth the price. Way too much hype. I mean, really.... how much damn lamb can one eat? there must have been six different lamb dishes. Variety would be nice for what you pay. The Service: Terrible. the server never came to take our drink order and never changed our plates out. My boyfriend and I had to physically approach a staff member each time we needed something. The service was so terrible that the couple sitting next to us left half way through their dinner and went straight to complain.
4	I like this buffet and we just went for our 2nd time last week. The desserts seemed not as good as our 1st time visit last year, but it's okay as the meat and entree were very great! The prime rib was awesome! And the chef was willing to grill the meat for customers if the customers think the meat was too raw. And the meat would become as tasty as a rib eye from nice steak house after being grilled! Oh my I am getting hungry already now when I think about their juicy prime rib. They also had manhattan clam chowder, tomato bisque, tomato gazpacho for soup, they got seafood like sea bass, crab legs, cocktail shrimp, etc. And nice entree like lamb, veal, etc. There was also a order to make pasta station. Everything was just great for our taste buds! We would eat at Wynn buffet again though the desserts were not as great. We could compensate by eating more great tasting meat =D
5	The breakfast here is awesome.  We used to go to Simon's at Palms and paid $50 a head for brunch but at Wynn is only $20 a head and you get way way more selections at better quality than simon. I think this is the best breakfast buffet I have ever been to in Las Vegas so far.   They have Italian Section, Asian Section, European section that has many interesting fish dishes.  And of course the regular, fruit, bagle, pastry and yogurt.   You can't beat the price, the selection and also the taste is quiet good.
4	*Get a Wynn players club card the savings helped.Few things here are bad and the offering are just amazing. From French to Seafood they really have a decent selection. And desert is a must. The wait wasn't too bad, pricing was high but it really didn't matter at the time. I didn't really enjoy the ice cold crab legs but i did like how they were perfectly sliced down the middle, only if they were deboned :-).I was confused by the untouched pizza, in a place which tried coming off as a higher end solution to a buffet. Not seeing single slice removed in my rounds. I didn't understand why it was served. Rice dishs were plentiful , as were multiple soups with a lot of selection based on cooking style.The best moment had to be the before desert coffee. It was nice being offered it.For a buffet it was excellent. As for the price it didn't really match. As for the service i wasn't wowed more then being offered free coffee.
3	It's just OK.  I still prefer Bellagio's buffet over the Wynn's.  The crab legs were good and sliced down the middle for easy removal of the meat.  The wait was only about 10 minutes on a Saturday evening.I thought their dessert tasted a little cheap.  I remembered their desserts being better.  Their creme brulee tasted kinda funny.
2	People rave about this place but I don't get it.  It is an average buffet.  Quantity is there but I expected better quality.  Things may look nice but tastes is not so special.
2	Nothing really stood out for me eating here except for the price of $45 per person.Pros: prime rib, king crab, braised lambCons: everything else was mediocre, crepe was very disappointing (drenched in sauce. i.e. soggy), price
4	The line for the seafood bar here is ridiculous, even in the middle of the week.That is probably because it is mmmmm mmmm tasty! Big crab legs and cocktail shrimp-- crab legs perfectly sliced down the middle, super tasty (for buffet crab), the shrimp is just as good, although not quite as firm as it should be.Prime rib is excellent. I'm not a huge fan of prime rib cuts, but for some reason at buffets I *always* feel compelled to try it, and The Wynn buffet does an excellent job. Throw in some delicious cheese and cold cut meats and you have the makings of a serious meat-eater's heaven. Too bad the lamb chops are a smidgen overcooked (although maybe I just prefer all my beef/lamb rare, and not everyone does).Much to my surprise, the dim sum (har gow and shu mai) actually is quite edible. Most buffets, even really nice ones, have greasy, oily, gross things they call "dim sum", which I can't fathom why they would serve. Ever. These were actually passable-- a step below "ok" for cheap Monterey Park dim sum, but honestly, not too bad for what they are. Plus they're near the seafood bar, so you can grab a few to snack on while you wait in the absurdly long line for crab legs, smoked salmon (nom), and shrimp...What's most ridiculous is the dessert section. Tiny little servings that I just find okay, but my friends loved them, and they're so small it's a PERFECT excuse to eat three or four or five of them.The price, given the quality of the food, is pretty good. It's also a reminder that even the nicest buffet is still a buffet-- although if I could still gorge myself on prime rib and shrimp like the old days, it would be uber awesome...
4	One of the best buffet ..I could end the sentence with I ever had, or in Vegas or...I liked almost everything. I liked prosiutto, red olives, salami, oatmeal, pork bun, cheviches, even sushis were good. I paid over $30 person, that's quite expensive but it was well spent.By the way coffee was ok.
4	While everyone was falling all over themselves for the crab legs & peeled shrimp, I was going bonkers in the two areas designated for desserts (the most important part of the meal.) After a few pumpkin macarons, a scoop of caramola (i think the name was) gelato, a deliciously chewy chocolate chip cookie & some raspberry mousse, I threw in the towel & resigned all thoughts of partaking in the "Make Your Own Crepe" station. A girl's gotta draw the line somewhere if a girl wants to fit into her clothes.The savory portion of my meal was as impressive as the sweet treats. I tried three types of fish (salmon, red snapper & seabass), which were *the best* buffet fish I've ever tried. Not dry nor were they drenched in sauce; each bite was a gift to my tastebuds from the Flavor Fairy. Green beans, mashed potatoes, cheese stuffed pasta, even the french onion soup--none of these items were run-of-the-mill buffet items. The Wynn's got something so many buffets are missing: attention to detail & quality ingredients. The bf & the rest of the guys loaded up on protein: lamb chops, pork chops, prime rib, jerk chicken, chicken picatta, & the above mentioned split crab legs dipped in clarified buttah. So many cuisines were represented. The Wynn buffet is clean & organized with fresh, new food being brought out constantly. Items are clearly marked. Plenty of seating. About $40 per person for Friday night dinner. (Unlimited bloody marys, mimosas, etc can be bought for only $7 more.)
3	This place is pretty good. I'm not a big crab person, but it was definitely more enjoyable because it tasted fresh and was already peeled for you :)Unfortunately the food selection seemed limited and dessert selection was somewhat lacking.The decor was beautiful inside. The service kinda sucked.Rio and bellagio are still my favs so far!
2	I am not a big fan of buffets, but my friend really wanted to go. It was everything I expected of a Vegas buffet, with long lines to get in and less than decent food. It's only redeeming value, was being located in one of the nicest hotels in Las Vegas. Unless buffets are your thing, and even if they are, the Wynn is not worth a visit unless you are gambling or enjoying the ambiance of wealth!!!
5	Wow, I was so impressed with this place. Granted, the prices are expensive (dinner was $40+ per person) and the line was excruciatingly long, but the food was so good that all troubles from before were forgotten. First of all, it looks so fancy shmancy inside! And they have a huge selection of different types of food! Seafood, sushi, lamb, and a ton of other stuff! I especially loved the dessert section, where they make fresh crepes for you! That was easily my favorite part. All you can eat customized crepes? I would have ordered more, but my tummy could only handle one.The food is of great quality, and everything I tried was delicious! My favorite "combo" was lamb, mashed potatoes, and asparagus (it was some pretty damn good asparagus--I've included a photo of this yummy combo).The best buffet I've ever tried! And honestly, what justified the 5 star review for me was their desserts! The crepe I ordered was super delicious, and their creme brulee was good too (and I love creme brulee... I might have eaten a bit too much of it)!When you come to Vegas, you have to eat at a buffet (for the full Vegas experience!), so you definitely can't go wrong with the buffet at Wynn!
2	Maybe I was expecting a lot more but this place is overpriced and the food is just blah.The price was 40-48 something.First off, i was disappointed at the dessert quality. The selection was good but the taste is more suitable for people who like diet dessert or something. I guess it's healthy for you but i'd rather exercise than eating sugar-free, light cream type of dessert. I like my crepe with "heavy" whipped cream but the chef couldn't deliver that. Since i ordered extra whipped cream, i had to eat extra "light" whipped cream. How sad. Same with their creme brulee and other mousse cake. I just don't think food that are not supposed to be healthy should taste healthy...like...ok the point is unhealthy food is unhealthy food and it should not "pretended" to be healthy. So it was a big disappointment for me cuz i love dessert and cream stuff.It's the first thing i eat when i go to a buffet and first impression is important (hence the two stars).Onto the real food, i like the lamb and the prime rib was good. Not bad but not memorable. A lot of people line up for the king crab legs cuz it was probably the only thing that was worth eating there. They were nice enough to cut open the crab leg to expose the meat so you don't have to do much work to eat it. The sushi bar only have 3 type of sushi: California, shrimp, and some plain roll. They have smoked salmon which was good and some white anchovies that is good also but that was it. There are more dishes like the normal dish you can find at a Chinese and Indian fast food chains. Variety of cheese, some other stuff that i tried and didn't like.So i won't be returning unless they cook their dessert with better ingredients like real whipped cream and butter. It's sin city and i would like to indulge my gluttony sometimes.
4	Still one of my favorite buffets in Vegas. As with any buffet, there are things that you can skip, and things that they are simply awesome. In terms of food, these guys at the Wynn know how to cook their prime rib, shrimp cocktail, chinese dishes, and all the bacon-based breakfast dishes. I would say the best part about Wynn is still their dessert selection, ranging from home made ice cream, warm bread pudding, different kinds of cakes, brownies, cream puffs, among others...You can spend the $35 and just have dessert and get your money's worth. The ambiance is great! Super clean, bright environment, and usually it doesn't get too hectic. Definitely try this place if you've never been!Some things to watch for is that If you're there for brunch, don't do any of their egg dishes - usually either too runny or the egg benedict's wayy over cooked. The french toast is pretty bad as well. I'm not a big fan of their Italian section too...way too much pasta and not enough of the main ingredients...
5	First of all, they have these little potato hash brown things ... GO FILL YOUR PLATE WITH THEM ..... ok, now that I got that off my chest ... I heard from a lot of people that this buffet was the best of LV ... it lived up to the hype for me.  Breakfast and Lunch was amazing ... I never tried the dinner, but what I had was amazing.  Eggs benedict was fantastic (and not hot) even though it says its made with a jalapeno sauce ... great service, great food ... way too much.  They had so much stuff that I wanted to try but just could not fit anymore in my belly.  I can't wait to go back to this place, even if I am not staying at the Wynn...
3	i don't think my review will be matter as tourists will still go there anyway.  overall the food was OK.  the desert was the best part of the meal.  I just don't think it is wroth for the calories you will consume.  We are done with buffet for good!
3	The Wynn buffet was something I was really looking forward to because of all the great and amazing things said about it. Then a friend who I was with informed me that it was overrated and just the decor was fancy. OH GREAT?.. So we got there and yes it was nice and all, it set us back about 30-40 a person, which isn't too bad considering it's Vegas and it's a buffet IN VEGAS. So we got seated pretty fast and went straight to the seafood. There were about 5-6 different stations.The king crab legs were good, nice and sweet and not too salty. The prime rib was delicious, and another dish that I definitely remembered was the clam chowder, which wasn't the traditional one but this one was in a tomato base, it was indeed.. very delicious. The dessert section had a pretty good selection. I think what stuck out was the crepes. Pretty cool.Overall it was okay, I wasn't overly impressed.
4	Yes, the Wynn Buffet is perhaps the most expensive buffet along the Strip, but it's also one of two Vegas buffets that's worthwhile visiting.  First and foremost, it's a buffet where the air isn't rank with oil and grease.  On the contrary, it's beautifully decorated and very welcoming.  Second, the Wynn Buffet offers more unique selections than any other buffet.  Think racks of lamb and congee.  Third, it's ingredients are higher quality than the other buffets.  Fourth, this is one buffet where you won't feel nauseous afterward from the the food.  Of course, I agree that there is much to be desired from its waitstaff.  Order two drinks because you probably won't get refills.  Although I didn't have any complaints for management, I can see how others will have difficulty locating somebody to complain to.  Nonetheless, there is no other buffet that I'd rather go than the Wynn.  P.S. They serve Coke Zero.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]
4	WOW!~As soon as you walk into the entrance, you're greeted with pillars of beautiful, fresh FLOWERS!  Oh the COLORS!~Pricey, yes.  Worth it?  OH YES!  After paying to enter and leaving a tip, my husband and I were out $90 or so (He's a large tipper, so it might not cost you as much).~The  entree selection wasn't bad......crab legssmoked salmonsushi (best BUFFET sushi I've ever eaten, but definitely not the best I've ever had)gazpacho make your own pasta dishesgnocchi    =)   ah, LOVE!prime rib   =)lamb t-bones  =)vealmultiple varieties of chickenMediterraneanAsisn......YUMMY pot stickers and spicy long beansPIZZA.........I could have eaten that ALLLLLLLLL night!   =)antipasto    =)dried fruits and cheese     =)~DESSERTS.........always my personal FAVORITE!HOT brownies.........taste like my mom's chocolate pixies   =)pumpkin pie tartscreme bruleepeanut butter chocolate cakemadeleinesice creamand so much more!~The decor was BEAUTIFUL!~The service was IMPECCABLE!*If you're willing to spend the money, you'll walk away satisfied!  =)
4	The Buffet at the Wynn is really nice - from the decor to the entrees - I think its worth the price tag.  They pay attention to the details - its the little things that make a big difference.  For example - I enjoyed the sliced up grapefruit with the finely chiffoned basil scattered on top.   It just made it taste so fresh!The crab claws are slit - so its easy to eat - and they are sweet and juicy - so you know its fresh.  The dessert area - oh my - its like visiting a fancy bakery!  And they have a nice assortment of gelato!  It was hard to not go bonkers at this place! One tip:  you might want to sign up for a players card.  After playing a little while - you can spin the wheel and you can win a free buffet!  :)
4	Hubby and I haven't done a Vegas buffet in YEARS.  Wanted a champagne brunch, we were staying at the Encore, so we checked it out.  Went on Sunday morning for brunch, decently priced at $37 with champagne.  Our server was very attentive and noticing that I was downing the champagne (don't judge me) and left two glasses with refills, so I always had plenty:)I left one star off because I was craving the crab legs and they didn't have them for breakfast - still had plenty of offerings which were so good.  I think the charcuterie was my favorite.  Check it all out and have fun!
4	Yummm Yummm Prime RibI would give 4 stars even if they only had the prime ribs.It is cooked just right and so juicy!I also love their smoked salmon and alaskan king and snow crab.When you first go in, you will see that the decor is very nice.And while your host takes you to the seat, you will totally fall in love with all the varieties of dessert they have.Must try this place. Very yummy :)
4	I'm just putting in my quick 2 cents. This buffett is one of the best on the strip, and you won't be disappointed with it.  Yes, its a bit expensive, but it's 10x better than the Bellagio one.  Derek
5	I must preface this review by saying that while walking in my fly was actually wide open meaning that my body was preparing for what lay ahead at the Wynn Buffet.I actually went here for an early morning breakfast meeting and the food ended up being so delicious that we forgot what most of the meeting was supposed to be about.Generally when you see breakfast items such as eggs, bacon, and sausage you think "well, I've had all this before and it can't possibly be anything too special, right?" Well....you would be WRONG. The applewood smoked bacon, chicken and apple sausage, delicious hash browns, and out of this world cheese blintzes were only a small sneak peek into how incredible this buffet was. It was like I died and went to breakfast heaven, except this version of heaven was inside the Wynn Las Vegas. Not sure if I'll ever go back to this place for the dinner buffet but if I'm ever in need of a breakfast not soon to be forgotten I'll be taking myself straight to the Buffet line and pushing past the large group of elderly tourists. So good that I don't mind committing violence towards the elderly.
3	If you really want to go to a high end buffet, head to Aria. For the same price as the Wynn you get wine and lobster. If you don't wish to head down the Strip, Wynn will suffice. Loved their roasted squash but the prime rib was over cooked (not a speck of pink anywhere).
3	Great buffet, but it actually loses a couple stars for several reasons...1) price:  Ya it's vegas, shit is expensive.  Thing is, there are comparable buffets for less (in the 20-30 dollar range).  The Wynn serves excellent food, but it's not so much better than the others that it is worth the extra dough.  IMO, if it cost 5-10 bucks less it would probably be the best buffet in vegas.  As it is, I'd still put it in the top ten, but not top 5.2) Competition.  This is one of the cases where the Wynn is almost it's own worst enemy.  I've eaten at some of the other restaurants there, and they must be running the second string in the buffet, because the food in the other wynn places is noticeably better, and about the same price range (though not all you can eat)....Worth a go if you are a seafood fan, but also not worth going too far out of your way.
2	In general, Las Vegas food is a bit of a disappointment.  And the Buffet at Wynn is no exception.What was good:veal short ribslambprime ribEverything else was meh... The line for seafood was LONG but was nothing more than bland king crab legs (can we say boiled sponge) and defrosted shrimp cocktail (about as fresh as Costco).  The Indian food was meh.  The pasta bar (nothing special).  The Chinese food (again nothing special).  The desserts were nothing to write home about.  A lot of little mousses..  Had high hopes for the macaroons - the best and most unique dessert offered.All in all the Wynn buffet was no different than the others I have on the Strip, just more expensive. And in general Vegas buffets are a bit like good quality cruise ship food...One more thing, I noticed that another reviewer mentioned the "Fresh" flowers upon arriving at the buffet..  They are certainly beautiful but are certainly NOT real (I checked and they are a high quality fabric).
2	Where do I start... I was so excited to try out this place because to many people have told me it's phenomenal. Well, I think this place is not as what everyone says it to be. The overall decor and ambiance is great, but as far as the food goes, I thought is was alright. I enjoyed the dessert more than the food. They're asian selection was okay, they had pot sticker, shu mai, some kind of noodle which I thought was too bland. Their sushi selection is not great. Their italian selection was okay as well, they have a pasta section which they make right on the spot, you pick the ingredients you want to put on it and the incorporate with the pasta. For the price of the buffet, overall I thought it was okay.
3	We waited more than an hour today for a special Thanksgiving brunch.  Price was $40 with tax/person.  We were disappointed,  food was good but we expected something better after reading all these reviews.  The turkey today wasn't that great.  But I did enjoy 2 items from the dessert selection.  Everything else was ok - didn't think it was worth the wait and the price tag.
5	This Buffet is a quality buffet. It wasn't too crowded and we got seated pretty quick.Good quality food, like their meats (Prime Rib, Steak, Pork, veal, loin, chops, Lamb etc) Desserts are good, they even have mini candy apples...Crepe station and pasta stations....But the shellfish and KIng Crab legs not snow crabs, but  King crabs legs cut in half...Of course, if you go to a quality buffet you will pay around $30-$40....Atmosphere is nice, open spaces and good service....
5	I still think this is the best buffet place in vegas.I thought i wouldn't be able to eat anything but they had many vegan/vegetarian choices. From soups to stir fry to even stuffing for thanks giving.
4	This is the most elite buffet I've ever experienced. Located within the luxurious Wynn Hotel, even the walk to the buffet is a treat because you get to experience the Wynn casino grounds. The Buffet is about $45/person and it rivals 5-star fine dining. A huge selection of food in every section: seafood, meats, ethnic, salads, & desserts. They have amazing roasted beef, unlimited fresh king crab legs, a full line of exquisite desserts and much much more. The best thing is that everything is very fresh and clean. It is a wonderful experience inside the main dining room, but I'd imagine it'd be even better in the lavishly decorated entrance terrace where couples can dine. I'm definitely going here to eat again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I tried wynn and bellagio's buffet and I must say Wynn's is FTW!!!The place (the hotel) is newer and the interior of the restaurant is nice and clean with high ceiling and decorative flowers. Bellagio's looks old and dark, and I must say, looks like cheap buffet. Wynn's food tastes better and has better quality than Bellagio's.If you're looking for sushi, don't eat Bellagio's. Their sushi is too big and too stuffy, not to mention the worse taste. Wynn's ice cream looks and tastes more expensive, while Bellagio's looks like cheap fast food ice cream. Wynn's use appropriate ice cream container, with the servers scooping your choice of flavor, they have 6 ot 7 flavors, while Bellagio only uses the fast food ice cream machine, where you pull down the metal thing and the ice cream will come down. Bellagio only has 3 flavors.Don't forget to eat Wynn's bacon!!!! It tastes as good as Texas' famous BBQ!Wynn's shrimp cocktail is fresher than Bellagio's, and Bellagio's salad is not as complete as Wynn's in terms of vegetable variety.Wynn's price is $5-6 more expensive than Bellagio's, but you get better food, better atmosphere, and better experience!
4	Definitely my favorite buffet to go to in Vegas. I love the bright decor although I do not love the super bright hot pink the hostesses have to wear. All Vegas buffets on the strip are pretty expensive. For lunch, it was $34.95 per person. Now, what was I going to eat in order to get my money's worth? Lots of prime rib and lots of fruit! Those two things are the most expensive to buy. The wait wasn't too bad - about 20 minutes to get to the register to pay and then about another 15 minutes to wait for them to seat our large party of 16. The dessert selection at the Wynn Buffet is one of the highlights to this buffet. I love their homemade ice cream - all very true to their flavor. I love the little cakes and the new seasonal favorite, the pumpkin macaroon.
5	this place is a very fancy buffet!My friend and her family and i came here for brunch. it's pretty pricey. Its around $30 per personbut her parents paid for me, thank you so much Mr. and Mrs. F.so this place had a lot of flowers, and kind of reminded me of alice and wonderland, i have no clue why. anyways. their food was pretty good. they had breakfast food such as fruit, waffles, bacon, sausage, eggs, and they made fresh omlettes. also, they had like sushi and pasta, and just tons of food. everything was pretty good. they had this dessert section, which we got to sit near. and you can see the chef making the pastries. and so anyways their dessert section was filled with cookies, cakes, pies, and those caramel apple on a stick. omg. it was all so yummy!i had like one of each on my plate minus the caramel apple, all these people started to look at me like dang, what a fatty. but who cares its a buffet which cost $30. My friend didn't eat that much, but i'm pretty sure i ate her moneys worth, because of all the dessert i had ate!can't wait to go their again!thank you to her parents again!
5	Fantastic service, clean atmosphere, and great food. The price is a little more than most on the strip but I would pay the extra 5 dollars any day for the great decor. Been to the Bellagio's buffet and sadly to say it is overly hyped. The Wynn's buffet and overall everything is the best on the strip.
2	On our arrival in LV we decided to have our first meal in Wynn Hotel.   From our hotel Tropicana we had a long walk to get there.   There was a small line when we arrived, but that was expected.   The folks managing the line were creating the impression of a very busy environment.   However many spare tables were left as the staff were not able to clean them.   It was $75.56 ($37.78 per person), and not value for money.   The food was very mediocre and bland.   The most popular were crab legs and we did not really understand the hassle and a long line to get them.   We tried it as well but not a delicacy for us.   There are some better Buffets on the Strip e.g. Bellagio.
3	Everything's bigger in Vegas. But not necessarily better. While I loved the quantity of selection (redundant?) at the Wynn buffet (5 kinds of ceviche? Hell, yeah!) the quality was another thing. Aforementioned ceviche was great flavor-wise but did not have much actual seafood (I know, I know, they have to have filler but only getting two tiny pieces of tuna in 2 scoops of ceviche is just not right). The salmon and sea bass were quite dry and that strange artichoke dish was just bizarre. All of the pasta dishes were bland.The good: chicken noodle soup made with real chicken stock, tender sliced beef with to-die for jus, amazing mashed potatoes (maybe I'm just easily impressed by butter), green beans, guacamole and the white chocolate crunchy cake. We got one of every dessert and that was by far the best. Runner up would be the orange tapioca. Sad, sad selection of puny slices of only 3 kinds of fruit, though. If you want to give the buffet a try (and you do because everyone says you should), I'd definitely advise going for lunch. Comparable experience to dinner but less pricey so you don't feel completely ripped off.
5	The place is beautiful with fresh flower arrangements and more, the service is out of this world for a buffet, and the food is phenomenal. If you're going to spend $30-something for a buffet please make sure this is the one!!The buffet is set up as a few long lines that are easy to navigate, and the food is displayed and portioned beautifully. Our server was the best server I have had at a buffet ever. My plates were always cleared and at one point as I was walking back to the table, she welcomed me back. Our drinks were refilled and I never had to remind her what I had. Thanks Mr. Wynn for hiring some people who are on point!The crab legs were served split and cold, all really great looking. I enjoyed every bite, and I can be very picky with crab legs. The prime rib was great, of course not dry. I also enjoyed all of the meat and fish options, the different salads and pastas, and the sliced cheeses, meats and dried fruit. Everything I ate here was satisfying, and was presented well. It really raises the bar for your typical buffet fare.There were different pastas to choose from which were all delicious. Pumpkin ravioli anyone? How about gnocchi in brown butter sauce? These are not the pastas that other buffets set out sitting sadly untouched in the "Italian" section. This is serious buffet business people. I can go on for days like a 1000 reviewers here and say it over and over again, but I'm only telling you once. Wynn buffet is THE best buffet in Vegas. It beats Bellagio, Studio B at the M, everything else on strip...The dessert selection is the only thing that didn't blow me away, typical dessert fare and candy apples and ice cream. I sampled a few bites but I was so full from everything else there was no way the dessert selection was going to get a fair review.
3	First things first, I did truly love the prime rib and mashed potatoes! So tender and juicy...mmmmm. Everything else was pretty good. Nothing bad, just nothing that WOW-ed me. If the buffet was ten dollars cheaper I'd probably be really impressed. I did like that the crab legs were pre-cracked, but I do wish there was some way to serve them hot! The shrimp and cocktail sauce definitely wasn't anything to get excited about. Sushi was just OK. Desserts look a hell of a lot better than they taste. We came for dinner on a Monday evening and waited for about thirty minutes to get to the register, another 5-10 minutes to seat our party of 4. When we arrived there were only about five other parties waiting in front of us but it quickly filled up behind us. The service was slow, at least at our table. We stood up for seconds and our plates were still there when we returned, and remained there until we were just about finished with our second plates! We saw a waitress pass by our table several times so that was disappointing. All in all, the the prime rib sufficed and did put a smile on my face. The rest of the buffet is worth a try, but I'd suggest going for lunch when it's a little cheaper...just in case.
4	+1 simply for the decoration and the pretty displays.I came here for lunch and was quite surprised at how costly it came out to be even after reading reviews.  The bottomless champagne made it worth it but it's pretty pricey for lunch.  My favorite section was the omelette station followed by my full plate of prime rib.  The food was really good with a decent selection but the dessert station at Bellagio wins in my opinion, even though Wynn Buffet had its own room dedicated to dessert.  If I had to compare the two buffets overall, Bellagio probably wins by a hair.
3	We came for dinner around 4-5pm and didn't have to wait :)  Not sure if I like the decor...was hoping for a more grand feel rather than a tea party theme....Felt like I was in the Bahamas...maybe would have been better for breakfast...The crab legs were delicious!  As was the caesar salad - you can add more lettuce should you find there's too much dressing in the premixed!  The pasta was also quite yums and the lambchops too!  Its quite a spectacular buffet.A little disappointed in the desserts -  was hoping for some yummy ice cream (used to the wide variety of flavours found at Chinese buffets in Toronto).  Dessert @ Spice Market was better - but sadly, who can really eat dessert after all that food?
4	I think this is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas although it's one of the most pricier ones.  They have a good variety of selection and it's always fresh.
1	4 stars? 1200+ reviews? Really yelpers? This food was mediocre at best, even desserts looked better than they tasted.  I don't over eat at buffets, I much prefer quality over quantity so this place was a "may-jor" disappointment.  Foods were bland, stale from sitting under heat lamps or in the built in chafing dishes. Salads were wilted.  Desserts were just pretty, but tasted pretty nasty.  I won't go back, I won't recommend it for anyone looking for a place to eat in Vegas.  As a matter of fact, if someone asked my opinion, I'd tell them they were better of at In-N-Out.
2	I am all about the buffets but I think I may have gone into this one with my expectations too high. Yes, the food is bountiful and from what I could tell fresh and top quality, but except for the desserts, it wasn't very flavorful which is disappointing. I think next time I'll try the Bellagio's Buffet.
3	My husband and I were staying at the Wynn over Thanksgiving, and attempted to go to the Wynn buffet after we checked in around 5:30. We waited in line for 2 hours, and by the time we got to the end of the 2 hour line, we were offered VIP tickets to wait 25 more minutes for around $10-$15 more per person (on top of the hefty $46/person meal we were already paying) or to wait in line for another 2 hours. By this time it was already 7:30 and we were starving. We decided to head up to our room and try the Wynn buffet for brunch the next morning. Glad we did that. We walked right in at about 10:30 a.m., no waiting in line, and paid the still large price for brunch. The selection was great; I still got my traditional thanksgiving fixings I had missed out from the night before, and had some breakfast food and then everything from italian to asian. Have to say the Caesar salad was a bit too fishy tasting for me, so that was a disappointment. The desserts were the highlight for me, as they were so delectable looking. I got a candy apple just because it looked to appealing, even though I really despise apples. I give just three stars because of the price and the waiting in line for two hours for nothing the night before, and having a somewhat disappointing thanksgiving.
5	Best buffet and definitely worth it!  We went here for lunch buffet.  The selection was overwhelming.  Great food.  The desserts were to die for.  Service was excellent.  This place is a must go.  Definitely going back next time in Vegas.
4	I hate buffett food but this place is the best buffett in Vegas. I never have a bad experience here. Not as good as a regular restaurant but it is the best buffett.
4	Taste buds loved me for this, but my stomach hated me afterwards... one of THE best buffets I have ever been to!!! I had to go ironman status for this one!! I really wish I could've eaten more but my stomach resisted. Do skip out on the other Vegas buffets and save your money for this one!Huuuuge selection of food. Main attractions were the prime rib, crab legs, crem brulee dessert, and the seafood. Even the Asian food taste legit (pad thai especially) and everything was cooked perfectly, like the egg benedict. I am impressed. We were lucky, because we came here around 2:45 for a late lunch but got to eat some dinner food because they came at 3:30ish... meaning we got lunch price for the food. Our server was friendly, but slow with the drinks... -1 star for being so pricy =/ but I guess it's what you pay for. And three bathroom stalls. Are they trying to kill us?!
5	We did the brunch buffet - pricey, but worth every dime. It is quite possibly the best buffet that exists. Lots of yummy choices in small portions in a nice classy environment. Service was attentive. Pretty much everything I ate was delicious. Special kudos to the scallop and coconut milk ceviche. Also, desserts were fun. We gorged ourselves to the point of pain and trauma, but that was no fault of the Wynn's.
5	This was definitely one of the highlights of my recent trip to Vegas.  After my last Vegas trip 2 years ago, and not being very impressed with the Bellagio buffet, multiple co-workers gawked at the fact that I didn't try the buffet at the Wynn.Well, you naysayers, yes you were right!  I admit the flaw in my decision 2 years ago to pass "go" and go all the way to the Bellagio, thereby passing up an uber-delicious food party known as the Buffet at Wynn Las Vegas.My friend and I decided to go for the lunch buffet which opens at 11am, and is priced at $22.95.  I was very, very impressed by the service and the selection of food at this buffet.  It seemed like every culinary region in the world was represented at this buffet, and not to worry, every station has a placard stating the cuisine of that particular area.  My favorites included the chinese dumplings, spicy tuna sushi, the salad station, paht thai noodles, and the Mexican station.  And of course, no meal would be complete without dessert!  The dessert station had a wonderful variety of individual portions of cakes, pies, muffins, cupcakes, etc.  I believe even bread pudding was available as a choice.I tried to sample a little bit of everything, and I left a very FULL and satisfied customer.  The one station that really impressed me the most, personally, was the made to order omelet station.  I contemplated an omelet but there were so many other choices, I think I'm going to try that on my next visit.  Bottom Line:  Make sure to give your taste buds a culinary treat at the buffet at Wynn Las Vega$!!
4	Steve Wynn can do no wrong. Hottest night clubs in Vegas? Check. The grandest hotels on the strip? Check. Offer a notorious buffet on every person's priority list? Check. My review will just disappear in a sea of the more detailed Yelpers so I will just leave one very, very crucial important tip that I wish I had used when I went: If you're going for lunch, go between the hours of 3-4. Why? Because this is when they start changing from the lunch to dinner menu so you'd be paying the lunch price for dinner quality food. I did not realize this until I was walking out and saw people with heaps of prime ribs, crab legs, and assortments of other meats and delectable crustaceans I did not see during my 5 trips to the food tables. The wait is always going to be a MINIMUM of one hour no matter when you go, so I also suggest you pre-game your stomach and snack beforehand. Or while you're waiting, you've got an hour, that's plenty of time. Don't go starving because the appetite will be gone after an hour of waiting in line. No one wants to wait an hour and pay $30 only to fiddle diddle with a few pieces of bread and fruit. Don't disgrace the entity of a Vegas buffet. There are plenty of buffet loving Asian people ready to take your place, namely, me.
4	Def. the best buffet in Vegas imo.My favorites are: creme brulee, roast turkey (so tender!), pulled pork with cole slaw on corn bread, breakfast food (i.e their omelettes), bottomless mimosas, and the fact that we're able to stay from lunch to dinner!The only con that I had this time around was that our waitress was quite inattentive. She failed to bring some of our drinks on time, but nonetheless, great food.Be prepared to stuff your face silly!
4	Holy crap, this buffet is great.  The food is so fresh, and there are so many choices.  I really stuffed myself silly here.  I just wanted to try a little bit of everything.  Their seafood were incredibly fresh and not too salty as some places like to make their crab legs.  My parents and I ate platefuls of full.  And then even had room for dessert.  The presentation of the entire place was gorgeous.  And the desserts looked so good, I just wanted to try them all.  This is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas, hands down.
3	In my opinion, you really don't get your money's worth. After gratuity and tax, it was like $49 for dinner. There was a pretty good selection of different dishes (a good choice of fish and meat), but it doesn't stand out from all the other buffets on the strip at Vegas. They had a pasta station, Asian station (with dimsum), and a carving station too (the beef was pretty raw and dry, but the veal was DELICIOUS). I would only recommend this place if you have a super duper sweet tooth. Ice cream, cakes, crepes, OH MY! But was it worth almost $50? Not really... I'd recommend doing the Buffet of Buffets instead ($41 for 24 hours of buffet!).
3	First stop after arriving into Vegas at 10am last month. I've always admired their service, decor, and large variety of food (size, cuisine diversity, and overall spread). However, this visit fell short of par as the waitress would forget our drink orders (didn't you just write them down?), disappear for long stints and then reappear with an option I didn't ask for (tabasco when I kindly asked for cholula). We came as a large group and as a result had to wait a bit longer than other (smaller) parties to be seated, even though we had clearly mentioned and stated that we wouldn't mind separating. Minor annoyance, but at the end of the day it's all about attention to detail! I've only ever come for breakfast/lunch/brunch spread, and never for dinner so I have no hints to how the service/spread is then, but with the Wynn standards, I'm reassured that it trumps most of what the strip has to offer. Favorites (worth going back for seconds for) were: * Chinese Congee* Green beans! * Dumplings Avoid the grapefruit, it's often dry =/Coming back for more? If you're going to spend money for a buffet, you might as well spend it at the Wynn. It's the only hotel buffet destination where I know I won't get food poisoning!
3	3.5 stars!I haven't been to other buffets on the strip so I can't compare the quality of its food. I wish there was a larger variety for the salads, but I guess their specialty lies in the meats and seafood. I forgot what the dish was called, but it was basically roasted vegetables/potatoes that were very yummyMy favorite was the Alaskan crab legs, which were very juicy and sweet. .. Although the different types of fish were kind of dry and not tender at all, I did enjoy the rotisserie chicken. I also tried a ravioli filled with pumpkin, which was like pumpkin pie in the form of an entree--pretttttyyyyyy good! I also recommend the shrimp and cocktail sauce. Don't get the sushi because it's just rice and vegetables, without any raw fish from what I saw. If you want to get your money's worth, eat all the meat/seafood you can instead of the filling carbs and such unless it's good pasta. As for dessert, the crepes used canned strawberries and blueberries so they didn't taste as fresh. The creme brulee, pistachio macaroon, strawberry champagne cup (not sure what it's called) were superb. The mini red velvet cupcakes had glitter on their perfect dollop of cream cheese frosting, but it was only good aesthetically speaking--the cupcake itself was too dry for my taste :(. In retrospect, I guess I didn't like the variety and only enjoyed a few selections of food, which would not make paying $49 (18% gratuity for 7+ persons) worth it.
3	I'm sorry, I'm over buffets. Even this one doesn't impress me anymore and it's become a waste of money. When I was younger, I could eat and eat and eat but on this last trip to The Buffet, not that much looked appetizing to me. This most recent trip was for Sunday Brunch (~$35 after tax/tip.) Not sure if there is a kids price but there is no seniors price haha.- 70 minute wait (we got there around 10:40am and the line wasn't even out the normal buffet area yet; when we left at 1:30 it wrapped around the corner for who knows how long)- you could pay $15 per person to by pass the line, ha+ $5 more gets you unlimited bubbly+ great servers and friendly staff (very attentive with clearing plates and bringing drinks)- what's up with changing out the breakfast items at 1:30pm? did the price change?! I heard breakfast was only $20 hmm- the quality seems to go down each time I come here (ie., the crab legs were previously frozen and old; the prime rib was cooked medium and dry; the crepe was premade and cold)+ the ice cream/sorbet is always good and I like that they change out the flavors (ie., egg nog was delicious)- this is not about brunch but when we came to the dinner buffet last year people got sick, very sick (cough cough)
3	When you head to Las Vegas, one thing you hope to enjoy are their legendary buffets. We decided to try the Buffet at the Wynn since it received such high reviews. The line getting to the buffet was pretty long - almost like a ride in Disneyland. I thought that if the line was this long, the food must be good. And it was - sort of. The decor was typical high-end Vegas. It was classy but of course over the top glam. We sat in one of the more private rooms for large parties, so we were shielded from the noise of the main dining area and the buffet lines. The service was good and they are quick to replace your plates. As for the food. It is divided into several categories: Asian, Italian, American, Seafood, etc. Each one had their highs and their lows. To me, the best was the Italian and Seafood section. Although the pizza was not the best, the gnocchi was amazing! I had to go back at least twice. The seafood was delicious, though limited to salmon, red snapper, and mahi mahi. The Asian section is mainly dominated by sushi and a small selection of dim sum. The American section is more of breakfast food, ribs, turkey, roast beef, etc. The desserts were plentiful and hard to choose from.It was a good experience, but I was a bit disappointed. Maybe I expect a lot of buffets that cost $25 a person plus anything located in the Wynn. The wait was about 20 minutes, so I was pretty hungry. Good advice: pace yourself, don't fill up your plates immediately, and don't be afraid to try different things (but revisit your favorites).
5	I love eating here... the quality of the food is great, not the type of food you usually get in regular buffet places... of course the price is doubled, but it's so worth it... ^^  the crab legs are good, the italian section is great and my favorite is the dessert station... ^^  the crepes are great and you can ask them to make it however you want it... So far, whatever I took didn't disappoint me... ^^Another plus is the decorations... I just love sitting in there, I feel like I'm living in a doll house... ^^Tips, try getting in before 3 so you only have to pay for the lunch price... (^__^)V
4	I think this place is good, though not as amazing as it's hyped up to be. I found the Italian fare to be my favorite. Some of the meats are good and some are mediocre, but I felt that the portions were all too big! The king crab legs are good. Unfortunately, most of the fish I had was too dry. The dessert bar had a bunch of yummy selections. My party and I highly enjoyed the chocolate crunch cake! The creme brulee, orange tapioca, and chocolate dessert in a cup were also quite good. The chocolate gelato was our favorite! The chocolate flavor was intense, like getting punched in the face by a giant chocolate bar! I give the food 3.5 stars. Four stars overall because of the lovely ambiance and quick service. Luckily, we came at 5pm and only waited 30 minutes!
3	I can only speak to the brunch buffet, but considering it's the Wynn and pretty chi-chi, I was expecting... well, more, I guess. For $20 a pop, I wanted either to have my tastebuds totally blown away or at least a wider assortment  of dishes. I was looking for more of "the good stuff" like crab legs or shrimp or even a crab cake, that you'd think you'd find at fancier brunch buffet, but I guess those are reserved for the dinner service.The omelet guy was the highlight. I always make a beeline for the omelet guy. The jalapeno eggs benedict was pretty tasty, too, --- though it was kinda cold and the egg rather tough, like it had been sitting for a little bit. Everything else was good -- the pastries, the bacon, et al. There was an inordinate amount of Asian and Indian cuisine for a brunch and I wasn't sure why. I have no problem with either of those fares -- all tasty and good -- but it wasn't what I was seeking in brunch. There was a lot of cold squid and mystery fish sauces and things of that nature. So if you're from those places or are just really into a more exotic 11am menu, you might be into this buffet. I skipped most of those things for... well, let's not kid ourselves... more bacon.Our cashier never asked if we wanted mimosas or champagne or anything, but our server added it on for us at the table without issue (thanks very nice server whose name I can't recall!)We only really came here because we had a friend who had never been to Vegas before and wanted to take him to a higher-end Vegas buffet experience, and while everything was good, it just didn't make me all that excited to return or in a hurry to recommend it.   I'm guessing there are a lot of great buffets in this town.I'd love to get that jalapeno hollandaise recipe, though. That was pretty tasty.
3	Wow!  $50.00 for a 9 year old.  Don't come here with kids.  The quality of the food is very good, but unless you can eat more than a plate, this is not worth the price.
5	I stayed at the Wynn just to eat here, not kidding. I thought I could somehow maneuver the stay at the hotel into cutting in line, apparently not possible. Crab legs, 3 types them and the best. I ended up going at 3pm and it was a 10 minute wait. Go past 4pm and you'll wait at least an hour. Vegas, I gave you lots of my money, and you gave me this buffet, we're even.
1	The buffet is extremely overrated.  Its way over priced, we went on a Tuesday night and there was an 1 1/2 hour wait, so we decided to pay extra for the VIP.  The cost was $56.95, for that price i would recommend going to the SW and pay a little more, but it would be worth it!!!!  King crab legs were not even worth the wait.  Screaming kids all around us.  We asked to be moved to another table and waitress told us we would need to wait another 15 minutes, after 1/2 hour wait.  Food was typical buffetfood, nothing special.  Extremely disappointed.  If you have a car, travel to Red Rock Casino and get the same food for  $20.00.
4	Okay I don't know about that 2.5 hour wait around Christmas time and the $10 ripoff, I mean line bypass charge buuuuuut this buffet is pretty fricking rad. I had dinner here with my family the night before Christmas eve. We got in line at about 8:40 and it took up probably 40 mins to get in from the line up. I'm not gonna go into too much detail since there's already about 900 people who wrote page long reviews before me.Main point: This buffet is not the most expensive I've been to nor is it anywhere close to being the most extensive. But I saw that many people mentioned that this buffet wasn't worth the money... IMHO the Chilean Sea Bass and Marsala Snapper are worth the money alone. Oh my lard, words CANNOT describe the heavenly flavors of those two fish dishes.CREME BRULEE is quite worth the mention as well as I nearly fainted when I tasted my first spoonful.Wynn is still money baby. Yes, quite literally.
3	We waited about 1 1/2 hrs on a Monday night for dinner ($50 per person; they stop letting people in at 10 pm but food gets refilled till 10:30 and stays out for long after) and by the time we got to the buffet.  Be prepared for a very long wait no matter what time of year/day.  I actually preferred the taste of the "cheaper" stuff; the risotto, pheasant, and corn cake were tastier to me than the raw seafood (king crab, seared tuna & scallop). Of the desserts, the macarons were surprisingly good and the caramel ice cream was perfect with chunks of candy bar mixed in. Overall I thought that it was ok; I'll be trying the Bellagio buffet next time, which I remember being better.
4	I am not a big buffet fan, but the buffet at Wynn is amazing!  This place can easily be the BEST buffet in Vegas. It's definitely a must-go place if you are a buffet lover and want to do your buffet right.
4	We waited 45 minutes to eat on New Year's Day.  It was well worth the money.  We not only ate deliciously moist crab legs, but also had some awesome pear/walnut salad, roasted goose, lamb chops, dried cherry mushroom risotto, stuffed pasta and a variety of cheese and fruit.  OMG!  I didn't even feel disgusting after eating 5 plates of food since the food was not heavy or greasy.   After a little rest, we got the energy to get up for dessert and we were impressed.  I ate a lot of little bites, but I recall the orange tapioca (okay, but cool presentation), creme brulee (so-so), pumpkin pie (too pumkin-y), pecan pie (prefect!),  vanilla gelato (tasted like heavy cream) and candies apples (soooo good!)  Skip the bread, creamy pastas and not-so-amazing sushi so you can fill up on meats.  Service was also stellar.  No piles of plates waiting to be cleared!
5	Went here for NYE weekend and they had a holiday menu for about $45, a bit pricey but I was starving and there was no line.The verdict: Five stars for FANCY! It is now my new favorite buffet in Las Vegas (Sorry Aria.)The buffet consisted of a variety of unique dishes. From the dumplings to the baba ganoush...every single thing I put on my plate was tasty! The crab legs were fresh and the desserts were to die for.Of the many buffets Vegas has to offer, I highly recommend the Buffet at the Wynn. We all deserve fancy once in a while.
4	You know you're Vegas spoiled when you give the Wynn Buffet 4 stars.  I've been to the Rio, Bellagio, and M buffets in recent history.  The Wynn is 2nd best to Bellagio and I'll explain why...Price? EXCELLENT.  I came here on Friday before 3:30pm to get a weekday lunch price of $24.  The dinner food rolled in shortly afterwards.Food?  HITS AND MISSES.  - Duh, go for the prime rib.- Vegetarian options are generous and pleasing!  They have curries and Indian naan.-  The items in the bamboo steamers are delicious, but watch out because the steam will sting your hand!- The crab legs could definitely be more fresh.  At Bellagio buffet, the seafood was sweet, a sign of freshness. Here, not so much.- DO NOT get the made-to-order pasta unless you like to drink olive oil.  The chefs go insane with the oil, adding enough to create a thick layer beneath your pasta.  Disgusting and unappetizing.- The dessert selections looked beautiful, but the items I tried did not live up to their visual appeal.  I preferred the GELATO (could not stop getting this.  they come in the cutest tea cups) and the denser cakes (chocolate based).  The jello/champagne like shooters were icky tasting.  My buffet experience here was rated against higher standards, but just keep this in mind:  avoid that pasta or it will kill you.  The price is definitely more affordable than the buffet at Bellagio with a nearly comparable selection of quality food.
4	Great stone crabs in dinner buffet. Great selection. Great apple cooler. Try the salmon. Bad pasta and pizza. Bad sushi.
4	The best buffet ever.We had followed everyone's advice and went right at 3:30 to pay the lunch price and eat the dinner food. We got extremely lucky because we were the last group that got the lunch price before they started charging for dinner. Since we were a large group (about 10 people), tip was included in our meal and we each paid $40 for the buffet. After dishing out so much, I definitely had high expectations.First thing I went for? The meat. I love prime rib and racks of lamb and man were they GOOD. The pastas were also surprisingly tasty, especially the pumpkin ravioli. Other good things were the veal and the desserts! OMG the desserts! There were so many choices and I wanted to eat everything! I ate so many macarons that I thought I would burst. There were also ice cream, many types of cakes, meringues, puddings, and so many other types of desserts. Definitely save room for the desserts.Unfortunately, the crab legs failed to impress me and after eating a few, I definitely lost interest. Maybe seafood isn't my thing. Also the creme brulee was runny but I didn't really mind since I love creme brulee. To top off a great buffet experience, our waiter was so nice. He was so attentive and friendly I almost wanted to tip him some more.Go for the meat and the desserts. Totally worth it.
4	Hands down, one of the best buffets on the strip. Waited in a fat line for nearly an hour and a half. Worth it. Note: Try to get in on the VIP line action. Not sure how, since I guess I'm just a regular P. Service can be a little slow clearing tables and refilling drinks, but other than that the food is awesome and the desserts are out of this world. Prime rib was very flavorful, king crab legs and VERY easy to eat, lobster pot pie is hidden in the corner, etc... As far as desserts go, EVERYTHING is good. Must try the waffle, it takes a little while to make, but it definitely hits the spot. Now all they need to do, is class up this joint and put out some fried chicken. Mmmmmm.
4	My last meal in Vegas was to be at the Wynn Buffet. I know everyone has their ideas of who has the best buffet, and for the money Wynn was pretty good. I started off with one plate of light and healthy food;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=XAIe2EouM1VRMsZOZv_TBwThen a second plate of light and healthy food;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=7Cyk37tWGZpwYpucogEFKwThen we wanted to try half of all the desserts;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=fG5mYm_KpSyQVUJHH_-fNgThen another batch of the remaining desserts;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=SFFPumnxHer-hoYQqeMRSwThen the last few, yet to be tasted, desserts;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=OxZmAkenCPealApavCmlSgTo say I left full and jacked up on sugar would be an understatement. But I did leave feeling as though I did a good job eating in Vegas.
4	Ate here on our last day in Vegas and waited in line for an hour or so. It was worth it! The desserts are beautiful and delicious! The food has many selections from different ethnicities and they all tasted great! Recommend you eat here if you feel like buffet in Vegas. :)
4	Good but not great.  Wide selection but not as much as Wicked Spoon.
4	This has got to be one of the best buffets I've been to. Waiting in line is just as bad as any other buffet but once you're in it's just worth it. It looks very nice and it's spacious. My two favorite things to grub on are the crab legs and the crepes. I recommend coming early. Dinner starts at around 3:30. My only minor complaint is I wish table service was a little more quick. But that's it.Just a side rant: I feel that it's easy for scumbags to cut in line when it starts moving. This happened last time I ate there. The line was progressing and they were letting people from the second line go to the main line and this stupid couple wandered right in front of me as I was walking. God, that's annoying. Have some courtesy and make sure you go at the end of the damn line, people. They eventually left though.
5	I have a friend who has really good luck in Vegas. When he wins enough money he treats us here and we gorge ourselves until we can barely move. For the price they should provide scooters or gurneys to help overstuffed patrons get out. Just kidding, of course. :DI'm not much of a food snob. I'm not too picky. I really like the food. I like the crab legs, and their mashed potatoes are really good. The pumpkin ravioli was strange, but still pretty good once you got used to it. The prime rib is perfection in how cooked it is (rare! so juicy), but I found it a little bit lacking in flavor on the inside (where it is most juicy and delicious). Even the kimchi and Asian stuff in the bamboo steamers are really good (beats some stuff I've had in  the "good" hole-in-the-wall, mom and pop places, believe it or not). The sushi is bleh... mostly California roll-type stuff, nothing special. I never get anything from the ready-made pasta counter because filling yourself up with carbs at a place like this doesn't seem worthwhile. Filling yourself up with crab legs, on the other hand... so worth it! They have a Thai curry station, too, which is really spiffy in my book. Finally, lobster pot pie? A delectable combination of two of my favorite foods: lobster, and pot pie. So awesome. Overall, the selection and quality of food is fantastic. Also, the desserts are really yummy.The service is pretty good... drinks are refilled reasonably quickly, and plates are generally cleared away when you're gone (I never saw them clear the plates away but when I got back, they were gone). And yes, the lines are comparable to those at Disneyland... except that instead of some boring ride you get to stuff yourself until you're sick... and then some more after that. Mmm, gluttony. Viva Las Vegas!
5	The Wynn Buffet is good enough to be my last meal on earth. We went over Christmas with the intention of have the buffet for lunch. Arrived at around 12:30 and the line only took about 20 mins. After about one plate of food, everything changed to the dinner menu. SCORE. Rack of lamb was to die for, lobster ravioli was amazing, the crab legs were prefect, and the veal short ribs just melted in my mouth. I love scallops and they had scallop dumplings! They even had Beijing duck and pheasant. They definitely didn't skimp on any of the ingredients. I think I had a foodgasm eating there. My favorite dessert is the champagne mousse. The jello layer definitely has a significant amount of champagne in it. Needless to say, I ate too much for my own good. I was in a vegetative state for a good few hours afterwards.
2	Maybe next time I should try coming again with lowered expectations =P  So, after waiting 2+ hours in line and thinking about all the wonderful foods that will be awaiting (king crab legs, prime rib, rack of lamb, and DESSERTS!!) I was pretty hungry by the time we got to the front of the line.  Be careful here folks, if you have a group of 5+ and there's more than 2 groups of 5+ waiting, the hostess(s) may get confused and you'll have to wait a little longer while they rearrange the seating charts(ahem, poor coordination LOL )   We were seated and drinks brought promptly, but then the waiter didn't check on us until about 45 minutes later, when we had really required liquids about 20 minutes after they initially seated us.  So, given that I was uber hungry, Everything should've tasted pretty spectacular right? WRONG!  The prime rib was bland, the seafood wasn't fresh, and the only meat really worth having was the Rack of Lamb- it was seasoned quite well and the meat fell off the bones!  The fish was alright- Salmon was overcooked.  I kept going back for cheese and savory hams!  So I thought, ok, the dessert should redeem my meal.  Well, unfortunately the only thing that met the internal standard of my palate was the Creme brulee- it was yummeeee!!  The other cakes were really blah- strawberry mousse, mango mousse, the carrot cake, the tiramisu was totally off!  Man, seriously i believe that it could've been better for a dinner buffet that costed about $37 (weekday).  Ahhh find a way to impress me next time Wynn- You got nothing over Bellagio ;)
4	I would say this place is better than the Bellagio in terms of food quality, but not as much selection as the Bellagio.Everything was very good and it's up there with the better buffets in Vegas.
5	One of the key experiences in Vegas is the buffets and the Wynn tops them all. While the menu items may change, the food quality is always excellent.My past favorites are the pre-cracked crab legs, shrimp cocktail, venison, lamb chops, top sirloin, and ALL DESSERT items.Come with an empty stomach and be prepared to gorge!Quick tip: Try to visit the buffet right as lunch ends and transitions into dinner. Since the buffet stays open during the transition, you'll be able to get dinner items for lunch prices :)
2	I've heard a lot of hype about the buffet at Wynn and I had to experience it myself to see what it's all about. Without a doubt in my mind it didn't meet my expectations considering there are lots of choices when it comes to food. For $87 for two people I'd expect better selection.                        The only foods that I can remember I liked was the King crab and the pot stickers, everything else was just mediocre. The dessert selection was just terrible, kinda like the Golden Corral quality. Common, what's all this hype? I've tried just about every buffet restaurant in Vegas at the major casinos and only one stands out above all and that's the Bellagio hands down. They even give you silverware. The worst part of the Wynn buffet is the dessert selection, compare it to Bellagio, $27.95  and it'll speak for itself.  Why waste your money and not get what you pay for?  All in all It depends on what you like.            Everyone runs for the crab and prime rib and that's all there is to talk about there on the main meal. I was told there was gelato! what gelato? I know what gelato looks and taste like and they did not have any. Some people are making false statements about the food at the Wynn. They must have been too hungry to know the difference in food qualtiy. Sushi? ha, it was a total joke!  Your local grocery store has better. Common, are people supposed to be taken this stupid? They should leave out foods they do not know how to make. It leaves a bad taste to remember. Someone mentioned the food quality at the Wynn is better than the Bellagio! are you serious! you can't be serious. No way is it even close. I'm sure most will agree.               From the start, Bellagio compared to the Wynn. Better meat selection, better sushi (although I see it sub par), best in dessert hands down, better service, and of course better pricing. What else is more needed? Still think the food quality at the Wynn is better? NO WAY! That's like saying the Pontiac Fiero is better looking than a Ferrari, well, that just depends on the individual right?
4	I loved this buffet! The service is friendly, the food is fresh with tons of great variety, and the seating is wonderful! for the price of $38, this buffet is a must! its kind of a world buffet in a way. All I have to say is that the Prime rib is legit!
5	Just came back from Vegas today, and the last thing my girlfriend and I did before returning was to go on our second trip to the Wynn buffet...This place gets 5 stars because there wasn't a single thing that I ate that I didn't enjoy. I liked certain things more than others, but everything that touched my plate was fresh and damn good. There's still a lot of food that I wasn't able to try, but my favorites so far would have to be the prime rib, pizza, bacon, and various desserts. With the fast and friendly service, fair prices, and clean facilities, this place is the total package.
4	As with any buffet make sure you walk the full length of the buffet before diving in.  Excellent food.  Good selection.  Great desert selection.  Expensive compared to others, but possilbly the best buffet Vegas.
1	went there during christmas week. line for lunch was 2 1/2 hours long.  Nothing spectacular...everything was below average other than prime rib & king crab leg.  such a waste of $ & tummy.  definitely would not recommend to anyone.
5	Must come back! It was my first time for my boyfriend and I and we agreed that it is the best buffet we have ever dined in Vegas. Sure the price is higher than many other places, but you get what you paid for. The place itself was beautiful, very simple and elegant. It felt like I was in some sort of a tea party environment. The clam chowder soup was delicious, it tasted was it was freshly made. Lots of varieties from different ethnicity such as American, Italian, and Asian food. For Italian food, there's pasta entrees and Asian food had shrimp dumplings (dim sum) and sushi with raw smoked salmon. American food had prime rib, corn on the cob, potatoes, etc. My boyfriend had the best prime rib from here because it was rare just how he liked it. We're both seafood lovers, so we had a generous amount of crab legs and it was sliced in half so no need to worry about cracking the shells. It was also warm so it was just about right to enjoy the crab. The dessert section was something I couldn't end my dinner without. They had marshmallow lollipops (marshmallow dipped in white or chocolate with sprinkles on top) which I thought it was pretty cute and creative for a simple dessert. There were a lots of cupcakes, cakes, and gelato! If only my stomach could devoured it all, I would if I could. The mini red velvet cupcake really caught my eye since it was sprinkled with glitter and I had to get it! I loved it, the frosting itself tasted fresh with real ingredients of a cream cheese frosting. Must eat the crepes, I fell in love with their crepes. It was freshly made from batter with fresh fruits! I had my crepe with fresh strawberries, whip cream, and a bit of chocolate drizzles on the outside. We enjoyed it so much that we're likely to come back and dine here, only if it happens to be on a weekday with no wait :)
5	Very nice for their holiday menu!!! Excellent!!! Especially the snow crab legs, fresh and tasty. We took 5 dishes of them ! And they have Asian food their, the Chinese toasted pork buns are nice@@ I also strongly recommend their desserts, they are very cute and small so you can taste different flavors:)
1	I was not pleased with Wynn Buffet, for 38.00 per person it really was a let down. I was not happy that the food selection and my guests were surprised also. The food was pizza, and prime rib, nothing specular. We went to Wynn thinking it was going to be the best. Sorry Steve, I was let down on this experience.
5	I personally am a little afraid of buffets because I can never eat a lot, and I would much rather pay to have my own dish. But, the Wynn Buffet does top all buffets. The food is pretty tasty. I love making my way slowly from one section to the next. I hate mixing different types of food. My favorite was the italian and meat/roast section. They had lamb chops that were really good and did not taste even a bit game-y. My favorite was also the risotto! it was too creamy, but it was so tasty. The seafood section was alright, there was only king crab. I was expecting some raw oysters or raw fish. The servers are awesome, constantly checking up on us, getting the plates out of our way, refilling drinks, making sure we were happy.
4	The first thing I noticed when I got the buffet were the delicious candy apples sitting at the dessert station.Not a bad buffet. Super pricey. Once again, super long line. They have a special where you can pay extra to cut the line which I think is worth it. I rather pay an extra $10 than wait an hour or two to eat! I was hoping that the food would be better, or that there would be more selections. I went here in March 2010 so maybe it's better now. The buffet was definitely smaller than I imagined, especially since it is so pricey. I think I prefer the Bellagio buffet more.
4	I was in town for CES with a number of friends this year, and I was waiting in a giant line to board the Harrah's monorail the first morning when I saw the usual booklets of Vegas info in a little stand within the station.  Figuring I could use something to kill time, I picked one up and started perusing the contents.  On one of the pages was listed the top 10 buffets in Vegas.  I figured, "Well, Rio has to be at the top with Bellagio 2nd and going on from there...", but was surprised to see that Wynn was ranked #1, Rio #2, and Bellagio #4!!!So I did some research and learned that the Wynn seems to be the new rage in buffets on the strip, so we decided to check it out.  We arrived at around 7 and waited for about 45 minutes before getting on a Saturday evening.  Not too unreasonable.We were eventually seated and provided drink orders then went to town.  Here were some of the highlights:Pre-cut cold King Crab legs - This is my favorite part of every buffet.  King is king, and if they are hot legs they are the best, but most buffets do cold legs to keep them lasting longer.  The line for the seafood was the longest in the buffet, and it was worth it.  When I finally got to the crab legs with my giant empty plate I started putting them on while a working behind the counter started gathering a ton of them in his gloved hand.  He then asked me if I wanted what he had collected on my plate.  I said yes, and instantly my collection of 3 legs with tongs turned into around 15.  I added a few more and got some drawn butter and the rest is history.  Awesome legs.Braised short ribs - Only slightly dry if not in the sauce, but the meat literally fell of the bone and shredded easily with a fork.  Very tender and flavorful.Pumpkin Ravioli - I don't really like sweet food for dinner items, but these were excellently done with great texture and flavor.  The spice was really present and enhanced the item well.Lamb Chop - Super tender and tasty.  Again, fall off the bone goodness.  A little fatty, but easily trimmed away.The ice cream bar - It's like a Coldstone or a gelato bar... Tons of ice creams.  They also had crepes for those interested.I tried a little of everything, and these were the things that really stood out to me.  The rest was average and not overly impressive.  The thing is, I would want to compare this to Bellagio since it took the number one spot and highlight some of the differences between the two that might help you decide which is better for you.Bellagio Pros:Better variety (Beef Wellington, Venison or Buffalo, etc)Lower priceHigh qualityWynn Pros:Crab legs are cut in half for easy access (if this applies to Bellagio, then forgive my forgetfulness and remove this item)Lamb chopsIce cream and crepe barIn general, both have tons of desserts (of which most suck), and lots of standard items like salad, pasta, tacos, prime rib, etc.  The Wynn presentation for food was higher (nice pictures taken by one of my friends), but the Bellagio offers a better deal; better bang for the buck.Summary: Most of the food was good.  Some of the food was great (crab legs, short ribs, ice cream bar).  Food presentation was excellent.  But when it comes to overall deal for the price, it's not worth it.  Bellagio seems a better deal with greater variety and comparable quality for less.
5	The Buffet was AWESOME as always!!! Will continue to be a repeat offender here as usual!!!
5	Oh boy, this is my absolute favorite buffet in Vegas! My mouth waters everytime I think about this place. It's one of the more expensive buffets but their food is high in quality which makes the price worth every penny. The wait is generally always about an hour so it gives you additional time to build up that big appetite and prep you for battle. They have a great variety of food selections but I almost always go for the king crab legs and prime rib first. Most buffets will just give you any slice of meat but here, they'll cook the slab well done on one side and rare on the other giving you an option for some bloody-delicious meat. Lots of great tasting food but what really gets me coming here is their dessert selections. Specifically their infamous creme brulee...soooo sooo yummy! It's always perfect everytime and I swear I could eat 3-4 all on my own :)Vegas is definitely known to have some of the best buffets, and yelpers, this is one of their best!
5	This is probably the best buffet I've ever had the experience of eating at in my entire life. The quality and freshness of the food is out of this world. It is a very expensive buffet, but is definitely worth eating at if you are ever in the Vegas area. The selection is probably not as diverse as other buffets, but what they do serve is excellent. The only area where I thought the selection could have been better was the salad bar, but who would ever want to eat salad at such a buffet? The Alaskan king crabs are probably the finest items served at the buffet. They are only served during dinner, but they are so fresh. They come pre-sliced, chilled, and are mouth-watering sweet. I've never had king crabs this good, not even at Joe's Stone Crab in Miami.
5	Went here for my birthday! Celebrated the last year of my twenties with the best buffet I've ever had - not just in Vegas.Dinner starts at 4PM and is only $39. For $7 more, you can get all-you-can-drink champagne! Score!  + clean and well-lit + really nice ambiance with tall flower displays + pre-split Alaskan king crab and chilled shrimp with cocktail sauce, tartar sauce, and melted butter + succulent prime rib (carved to your liking) with creamy horseradish and au jus, awesome, buttery mashed potatoes, and caesar salad+ butternut squash ravioli in a brown butter sauce and pesto gnocchi + charcuterie and cheese + spicy panang with naan bread + a WHOLE BRIGHT AND SHINY ROOM just for desserts including red velvet cupcakes with gold glitter, mini-churro-like donuts, chocolate-covered marshmallows, raspberry mousse, and the BEST (creamiest, vanilla-est) vanilla bean creme brule ever (cue *drool*) And that's just the stuff I ate. There was also sushi, salmon, sea bass, lamb, veal, creamy soups, really cute little salads, made-to-order pastas, roasted chicken, pizza, ice cream, bread pudding, and made-to-order crepes. *mouthful*
5	Soo many choices, so man miscellaneous gourmet helpings on my plate, I hope I don't pass out before I reach dessert. The fruit bar is impressive, they don't put out anything that is under standards, the dessert bar is SO cute, and the entree's speak for themselves. I am going back for thirds and fourths =XI was so grateful that the king crab legs were already pre-sawed in half!
4	Go here close to dinner hour so you can get the long and big crab legs. There's this lady that was in front of the crab legs who piled on a mountain for each person. She even asked if we wanted more haha. She's awesome. Lunch buffet was still a bit costly, but the crab legs made up for it. Funny I forgot how much I paid. Oh wait i think it was $33.Oh yeah one of us got the bottomless mimosas, but was never asked by the waitress to pay for it! SO we got it for free! We thought it was weird because we had to pay before we eat, so how would we pay for the mimosa? But whatever! We got it for free.Food here was good. Good variation. But sadly I didn't have much of an appetite after a night of drinking. Actually it was everyday i was in vegas. Alcohol screws up my stomach. I got to try several things though. I had clam chowder, sashimi, pad thai, cocktail shrimps, sushi rolls, a few breakfast foods (the Benedict with the hollandaise sauce with the runny yolk on top was awesome!). I didn't get to try the desserts at all since i was feeling full already.
4	i'm not a fan of buffets, but at the Wynn it's the best. Only $7 more for unlimited mimosas. I came here for breakfast at 10am and got to eat the lunch also at 11am. this place has a lot fo variety, best buffet over, the food was yummy, fresh, clean, and the setting is so pretty.
4	Buffets are really a must when visiting Vegas. I've had my share of good, bad and very bad- Wynn is good (along with a higher pricetag) We arrived around 6pm and was pleasantly surprised  that there wasnt a long line. We waited for about 15 minutes at most. This buffet was pretty good, but my advice would be to stick to the American food. Their sushi didnt look appealing at all and their asian selection consisted of 4 dishes only. The prime rib and lamb are a must and so is their dessert section!
5	Um.This buffet... RUUUUUUUUUULED!!! On our last day of our beautiful trip we stopped by for breakfast because the Bellagio one was a little disappointing for me.I think when people go to Buffets they look for that "kid in a candy store" gut reaction that makes their eyes go wide and their hearts run wild. Well I felt that way when we immediately stepped in to the beautiful decor of this place!Blueberry pancakes, cinnamon whole grain french toast, cute little waffles & tons of toppings! Blintzes and little quiches and frittatas. I adored the individual fruitcups, especially the bright pink, fresh grapfruit with a little mint. They had a BAGEL bar!! and a GRANOLA bar!! with the best fresh toasted pecans *everrrr*. The boy and I hoarded a bunch for the flight - what in the hell were on these pecans? They were so good!Best of all was the DESSERT room which was assuredly open in its cute little room!!!! One side had tons of breakfast pastries, with some desserts like an amazing vanilla cupcake with strawberry buttercream!!! Sooo good. There were also chocolate covered rice krispee squares! The other side had pies and cake, this awesome peanut butter mouse cake, and a delicious pumpkin spice bar.They had lunch food out too - mexican (including a vegan burrito), asian foods (like dumplings and such), and some other roasted meat-type products (can you tell I'm veg yet?)Service was non-stop, and the waitress gave me my coffee to go! I think what also makes this place so great is the simplicity - brightly lit, so all the colors of the food come out. There is a high presence of the cooks every where, constantly bustling. Also the organization is a lot less stressful, and makes for a great experience. This place rocked. I am seriously splurging for dinner next time. !!! The other reviews point me only to more of this delicious glory!
3	I really wanted to love this place as we stayed at the hotel (Encore) for this particular trip. The great thing was that it came included in our hotel package so we didn't have to think about the price, which would have been on the expensive end for buffets (Dinner was about $40 and breakfast about $20). We went to the dinner buffet twice and the breakfast buffet once as included in our stay package. That being said...PROS: I liked that there was a huge selection of food types and an even grander array of desserts. The crepes (dessert) made to order at dinner were great. Service was friendly . CONS: I was not overly impressed with any food item (except the crepes). Everything else was just ok. The shellfish selection was limited. I had my share of crab legs and small shrimp. They did not have oysters, at least during our week (end of Jan). The desserts looked better than they tasted. I walked away stuffed so its hard to really complain. Overall, I liked it but I didn't love it as I wanted to. I wasn't left feeling like I can't wait to go back again. Where as, I still can't wait to go back to the Bellagio Buffet at some point (haven't been in years though).
3	This buffet had already dropped off since my last visit. Had both breakfast and dinner this time. Artisan sausages and hash browns were gone. Sliders gone. Lamb chops at dinner were pretty good. Aria is just a little bit better.
3	Was good.  There weren't any dishes that made my toes curl, but it was satisfying.   Came with my employer's and husband.  We attended the Parker Chiropractic Seminar.   Saturday around 3pm.. there was about a 15 minute wait to get into the buffet.. although the line moved at a consistent pace.   Hmm.. what stood out.. not much.  The pasta's were nice and tender.. uhh.. not memorable.  The pancakes were okay.. IDK.   The food was average.  I don't even want to take too much time writing this because it was so mediocre. Cost for 4 without champagne was $127.  Will I be back?  Probably not, buffet is not my cup of tea.
4	This is as good or better than Bellagio.  I mean come on this is the guy who created Bellagio.  There weren't a lot of things that stood out, but the quality of everything was above par.  The ambiance and decor is a 5 star for a buffet.  The deserts were very nice also.  I really can't complain for $23.95.  Go check it out and decide for yourself.
5	Buffet here is $40 for dinner. My friends and I came late, almost when they were about to close,went in at 10pm, got as much food as we could because food only stayed till 10:45pm we sat there eating for a while and they didnt kick us out. Everything here was top quality. They have a lot of choices of food to choose from. Being a non red meat eater, I still had a lot of food to choose from! They have Chinese, Lebanese, Italian, etc. My favorite was the dessert! Their dessert are super high quality and taste delicious. Decor inside made me feel like i was having tea with Alice from Alice in Wonderland! This probably my most favorite buffet in Vegas.
5	Had the pleasure of eating at the Wynn Buffet last weekend for Sunday brunch. I guess we lucked out because at 10:30am there was zero line and were seated right away. Everything I tried was pretty amazing. Loved the charcuterie bar, some of the best prosciutto I've had.  The dessert room was so cute with all the little goodies they had in there...mini candy apples, marshmallow pops, mini cupcakes etc. Yes at about $35 a person it is a little pricey but  we definitely thought it was worth the price tag. Service was excellent as well. Even though they were busy plates were cleared promptly and drinks were filled. I will most definitely be back!
4	You can say $34 is allot to pay for a buffet... and it is. But the quality of food at the Wynn Buffet is outstanding... for our money  the best of all the buffets in town. Every dish, and there are MANY to select from, is well prepared and exceptionally tasty in it's own right. This 'buffet' fare will stand up to (and often best) what's being served in many of the so called 'fine dining' joints in town. Soup to nuts, it's a very good deal for the money.
5	Can I say DELICIOUS!  Definitely worth it if you have the money.  Great quality food, good service, and clean dining.  Loved the chandeliers.  Definitely would be a great reception area if you were doing a Vegas wedding.
1	Worst buffet ever...  Selections was limited, steaks and lambs were not fresh.  Other high end buffets such as Bellagio would be a better bang for your bucks.  $50/ person including tips for our party of 8 was such a waste.
5	I recommend eating at this buffet. The food was GREAT and the best part was the dessert!
4	Not much to add to he 1300+ reviews (haha!), but let me just stress: the move here is to pay for lunch but stay for dinner. My boyfriend and I came around 3 PM, paid lunch prices with zero wait, enjoyed all the tasty lunch offerings (flank steak, anchovies, ceviche, etc) and then had plenty of room for the prime rib, king crab, and other dinner time goodies. Don't miss dessert: I had a made to order crepe and some gelato and both were amazing. Definitely worth the price: we paid $60 with tip for two and didn't need to eat the rest of the day and most of the next day.Definitely recommended. Plus the room is so gorgeous, it's worth a visit in itself.
3	ive been to my share of buffets, considering im a fatty and love food! truthfully the food wasnt that great. yes, the king crab legs and shrimp were delish but besides that there was nothing that caught my eye (or tummy!) the buffet lacks variety... which i feel is important at these types of buffets. the desserts were very nicely presented, and the seafood was fresh. the service was attentive but being a server myself i found it annoying that they would drop off 3 sodas at once... meaning everyone at the table (all 9 of us) would recieve 3 sodas each and i felt that they were being lazy and did that in order for them to not have to come back very often to clear the table. overall, an OK experience. no 'wow' factor involved.
5	My friends and I came here twice during our visit partially because we were staying at the Wynn and because it was so delicious the first time. We literally sat for hours so we could digest and then eat more. There was just too much enticing food to handle! Be sure to check out the dessert waffles.
4	Desserts werent great but everything elseWas fantastic! Huge selection!! Worth a visit.
4	I'm usually not a fan of buffets but it's almost compulsory when you are in vegas. This is definitely my favorite buffet experience.We went on a Monday which was great because there was no line during the tween time of lunch and dinner (pay for lunch, stay for dinner). There was a lot of variety, all organized neatly, and many of the items were quite delicious.
4	Over one hour wait for Sunday brunch.  Not a huge selection of breakfast items but what we ate was good.  Deserts were ok but nothing really outstanding.  The Bellagio buffet is excellent and cheaper, too!
5	So hitting up a buffet is really a Vegas tradition. Indulgence and excess with value. LV in a nutshell these days. So you want to find the best buffet? Look no further. The Wynn is tops after a small buffet tour (yes, better than Bellagio and the newer ones at the Cosmopolitan and Aria). Amazing decor and great selection. Food is fresh and filled regularly. Pastas were top notch and so was the dessert selection. If you can get a primo spot in the center isle with the flowers you're golden. BEST VALUE TIP - Buy in for lunch around 2:30, $23 and stay until 3:30 for the dinner menu, crab legs and all. YUM
4	Not the best value on the Vegas strip but the food was good nonetheless. The prime rib comes rare. Ask the carver can throw it back on the grill and to give it your ideal level of done-ness.Avoid the roast goose.
4	This is an excellent buffet - pricey for sure, but there were lots of  different dishes and cuisines available, including an entire room of dessert choices, and everything seemed to be pretty high quality.
4	Let me start with buffets are not really my thing. I can't ever eat enough to make it worth it, I am pretty picky and have a fairly sensitive stomach to food being left out.  That being said I was impressed with this buffet.You can make any brunch a champagne brunch for $7 more. $7 for all you can drink champagne is a deal!We arrived around 3 PM. This meant we paid lunch prices but dinner started at 3:30 PM so we could eat dinner food. Not wanting to try much of the lunch food being left out I stuck to the carving station. The teriyaki flank steak was probably the best I have EVER eaten. It was so delicious. So after a plate of steak and green beans which where cooked to perfection as well I took a break and digested until fresh food came out.My fiancee got some of everything. He liked the pasta bar where they made you your own pasta dish. But he just loves food. He ate like 6 plates and was in heaven. At 3:30 I went up and got some giant crab legs, roast turkey and prime rib. All where spectacular. The fiancee and I sampled a plate full of deserts. The deserts where hit or miss. The mini red velvet cupcake and chocolate covered marshmellows where my favorites. They will make you crepes or an ice cream sundae. I just could not stomach that much food. Overall the service was slow, the decor was beautiful, the food was very good and I would eat there again.
3	Encore was running a new timer red card special.  Once you gamble $150 you received 2 free buffets.  I'm not much of a buffet person but for free you can't beat it.  The food was pretty good considering it was buffet.  To sit near the food it is very loud and crowded. I suggest sitting near the cashier to get a more quiet intimate setting.  the only reason why I gave it 3 stars it strictly because it was a buffet.  You can't really can't go wrong at the Wynn.
3	Came here for Sundays' dinner (2/13/11) and I'll be quite honest, I'm not much of a buffet type of girl. Give me my appetizer & course and I'm happy. However, when it comes to buffets, I leave full but not completely satisfied.So we wait in line its about 80 per couple. I was talked into this place since there WAS SUPPOSE to be a cheese selection (not just 2 different types of cheese's cut into cubes) I was expecting a massive cheese collection. (I LOVE CHEESE!!)Not much of a selection just a little variety in each category.Their dessert section was good... but most the stuff there weren't the type I would like.. However, their creme burlee was awesome!!Our plates were mainly the meat and king crab legs... can't really say it was worth it.........
4	Quite a good buffet. It was expensive around the holidays ($50/person) but had every meat dish you could imagine. Everything was well executed. The king crab legs weren't that great, so don't waste too much time on that. The desserts are excellent so I'd recommend interspersing a dessert or two in between plates so you don't miss out!
4	Honestly one of the best Buffets in Vegas. Went for an early dinner with a group of friends and had a blast! Watch out for lobster and crab hogs! Awesome seafood and prime rib. Dessert was tasty but not as wide of a selection as I would have thought, especially in comparison with its awesome selection of entree's!
3	This review is on the brunch.  It's more a 3.5 star rating.  After reading all the rave reviews we were excited to try Wynn's brunch buffet for the first time.  I was left a bit underwhelmed.  Though I haven't been to Bellagio's brunch buffet for years I remember it to be better than my experience at the Wynn.  The presentation of the food and the selections were quite appealing, but when it came to taste I was left feeling as though I should have spent my well earned money elsewhere.  It wasn't bad but it just wasn't worth the time or money.
4	Went during brunch hours on Sunday, February 13, 2011. The line was pretty long, close to bout an hour wait. Price was approx~ $35 per person. We had a party of 11 people, seating wasn't too bad. Food was pretty good. Ranges out from different sections. The prime ribs was excellent. Staff members were extremely nice.I'm not much of a buffet person, but I would definitely come back.
5	This is the best buffet I have ever been to in my life!It felt like I was in the movie Alice in Wonderland because of the way that it was decorated, and I loved it!You walk in and there were TONS and tons of flowers and beautiful colors from the walls to the tables and chairs.  My girlfriends and I went for brunch and we stayed for FOUR HOURS! It was $30 for brunch but that included unlimited champagne, hence why we stayed for so long!It was well worth it and we got our money's worth, even by Vegas standards!
4	WHEN: Sunday morning after partying all night( i wouldn't recommend coming here hung over or you wont fully enjoy)WHY: Who doesn't love a classy buffet?PROS:   - Classy buffet(it better be for $40.00)   - Desserts GALORE!   - Something for everybody; even the picky eaters in my group!   - There were so many hot asian men here! To be honest, there were more hotties at the buffet than at the club the previous night. I'm going to start scouting here.CONS:   - Amusement park lines. I didn't expect to be waiting in Disneyland type lines that loop around for a mile. Expect to wait an hour, my friends.   - I'm 105 pounds. With that being said, i can't eat $40.00 worth of food at a buffet.They need a childs price for grown adults who cant eat much.OVERALL: Im sure i will be back for the mint pudding and the asian men.
5	Love this place! Come here for lunch every time I am in town. The presentation and quality of food is top notch and eye catching. The dessert counter is overwhelming...but I love it! The buffet is always being replenished too. Thumbs up all the way!
3	Great food, but waay over priced.  Rio is the way to go if you're on a tighter budget..
3	This place had better then average food compared to any of the other buffets that I have been to. My one grip was that normal chocolate was used for the crepes. Sorry, ever since I have been traveling to Europe, I can't have it any other way. Besides that the food and service were good.
4	I will keep the quick tip recommendation short.....Hungry? Just go here.  It's one of the better buffets on the strip.I will spend a little more time talking about my general take on it.LOCATION:The Wynn casino seems a bit further out (especially if you are walking around) from what I call the "heart" of the Vegas strip (Bellagio, Ceasers, Paris) so if you are closer to the Bellagio, then I really don't think there are that many differences when it comes to the food.What is nice about the Wynn is that I think that there is generally less traffic at the Wynn compared to the Bellagio and the buffet location is tucked away further from the casino floor traffic.  This isn't to say that there isn't a line, but there are few casinos that don't.FOOD:Multi national cuisine (but it slants on the side of having a lot more Asian dishes). but there are enough options for even the most picky eaters (meat and potatoes kinda people).Desserts are fancy to look at and don't be ashamed that your plate has 6 types of desserts.....EVERYBODY is loading up.CATTLE LINE?:Unlike the lines waiting to get into the buffet, you don't necessarily feel that way when you go to each station to get your food.  It's pretty open and I never feel like I am queuing up.WANNA EAT CHEAP?:Worried about how much your meal is going to be and feel like winning some money that will take less than 3 minutes of gambling time (minus the cash out at the casino cage?)Forget the slots, forget blackjack....I'm talking QUICKER....your are frickin' hungry, man.Here is what I usually do.Go to the "money wheel" on the casino floor. Put $20.00 on number "1".  Win?  Get 20.00 bucks profit.(it usually hits more often than not.  You get even money back.  Don't focus on what you could win, you goal is to double up your money).Lose?  Put 40.00 down and go again.Bam....your buffet is now half price!Wanna get your buffet for free?  Press you bet on 1 again.  Win?  You got your meal paid for, son.There you go...you either saved 50% or a full 100% of your meal ticket.If you strike out, don't worry...you were gonna blow that money anyways.  The upside is that it will give you even more motivation to eat as much as you can to get your money's worth.
4	The Wynn buffet was definitely better than the Bellagio buffet. The inside decor was nice. I loved the flower and fruit arrangement that was piled high to the ceiling as you first step foot into the buffet area. The service was GREAT! Our waiter continuously came by to refill our drinks. I just wish something could be done about the cigarette smell. Nobody wants to eat while breathing in smoke! As for the food, I really loved the variety of food they had. There was countless options! The teriyaki flank steak was delicious and the crab legs were very fresh. I just wish they included some oysters (that would have really made our day!) The dessert options were great! I loved that they had a crepe station, and all the mini desserts were delicious (red velvet cupcake, creme brulee, cheesecake). I will definitely come back again!
2	As the 2 Stars indicate - I've experienced better.Went there for lunch before heading out of Las Vegas. Our expectations were high since this was the Wynn. We did not eat at any buffets this trip. The line was short and we were seated promptly.My wife like it more than I did, she would probably rate it 3 stars. Our bill was $60 including tip.Every dish I tried was underwhelming. The carved beef had no flavor, the green beans were practically raw. Not a good lunch buffet. The braised salmon was not salmon....mystery fish. It was some sort of white fish. The BBQ beef brisket was very bad and ended back out and into a napkin.The carrot cake was not good.I did like the spring roll, smoked salmon and the iced tea.Sorry Wynn, not again for lunch. Maybe we will try it for dinner when we return.
4	Can't argue at all about the quality of the food at this buffet.  Took my sister in law there and we have very different tastes in food.  Despite this, we both left very happy with the meal.  If only her flight was later as she was still pounding away on those crab legs.I hate crab - and love red meat.  So I went initially with the prime rib (good and especially love the more well done and crispy/fatty outer part), a veal short rib that was spectacular, and the salmon rillette on toast.  The salmon was delicious and the toast was constantly replaced so nice and crunchy on the outside/soft on the inside.You're not supposed to have bread at buffets but nobody tells me what to do.  And I heard the baker at Wynn was some big shot European guy they hired for huge dough.  Had their artisan bread - excellent!  2nd go around  I basically had a 2nd serving of what I had the first time (minus prime rib).  That's the reason I give it 4 stars - the variety is somewhat lacking for me.  You go to somewhere like the M Buffet or even Bellagio and there's just more variety.  If you don't like some of the dishes (like pasta at a buffet is useless for me) then you're really stuck with only a few things.In any case, service was great and my sister in law loved all the healthier stuff like crab and fruit.  I liked the fruit too.Neither of us was big on dessert but they did have a nice marshmallow "lollipop" that wasn't bad and a rasberry mousse with champagne that was very nice.  Bit pricey - but tough luck you're at the Wynn.  Deal with it.
2	I would have given it four stars when I first came here several years ago but several years later I can't give it four stars.  We came here for lunch which was $23 and while $23 isn't expensive for buffet at the Wynn, the restaurant lacked variety, creativity, and change.  After eating at Wicked Spoon which charges $27 for dinner one would think the Wynn would offer something spectacular.  The display of the food was boring, the variety was non existent and the taste of the food wasn't very good.  For example the pad thai didn't taste like a pad thai, the turkey was way too dry, the clam chowder looked like goo, and the only thing that was half way decent was the ice cream.  This buffet was once the best buffet on the strip but it got complacent.  It's like an athlete who made it to the big leagues and then decided he or she didn't need to work out, train, or just get better.  I don't know if the dinner would be better but lunch wise it was kind of like buffets in Reno.
5	This is by far the best Buffet on the strip now. The variety is incredible. Salmon, Crab Legs, Best roasted turkey and prime rib, my oh my. Estimated caloric intake at 4500+.The lines get REALLY long fast. Called at 5:30 and no wait. Got there at 6:00 and was about 30 minutes. By 6:30 it was about 45min.  Worth every minute
5	Best buffet in Vegas.Quality, variety, and best of all: QUANTITY. Prime rib, Kobe steak, Alaskan crab, mushroom ravioli - its almost too much. Even the ice cream is legit; they have a counter with a worker dedicated to scooping the stuff all day.Even the decorations are nice. The theme of the place is class, with little cursive fonts for the food that make you feel like you're getting good quality grub.Only complaint is the sushi, wasn't as appealing or fresh as I'd hoped, but ultimately, the rest of the buffet more than makes up for it.If you decide to hit up the buffets at Vegas, do yourself a favor and forget the rest! The $40 dinner cost is definitely worth every cent.
2	Champagne brunch was a big disappointment.  Cost $39.95 with unlimited champagne or bloody marys.  $31.95 without alcohol.  Food was nothing special and the selection was limited.  Your better off at Cravings in the Mirage.  There were no crab legs, no Kobe steak and no turkey.  They did have prime rib.
4	They got me! It was innocent enough,  the little Asian lady behind the register offered me the all you can drink Champagne, Mimosas and Bloody Marys for whatever it was: $7? $10?  I can't really remember since it was three days ago and I'm suffering from early onset Alzheimer's.  In any case, I said "Hell yes!"  Big mistake.  On to the review:  my recommendation is to go early if you're serious about eating mass quantities.  We got there around 5:30 and the line was already starting to form.  Seating was near the front, away from the buffet.  Not a bad thing since I needed to burn a couple extra calories to pack some more prime rib in.   Waiter dropped by and took our drink order, then on to the food!The Wynn is great in both variety and quality in my opinion.  The prime rib was a perfectly cooked medium rare, au jus not too salty and very beefy and the straight horseradish packed a punch.  The roast lamb with a little mint jelly was good, a little overcooked.  The line for the seafood at that time of day was not too bad.  Crab legs with a little clarified butter?  Don't mind if I do!  White anchovy salad? Please!  Smoked salmon?  Yes!   Skipped the pasta bar and the salads, although they both looked good.  Dessert was spectacular.  A dozen types of gelato, the coconut was great.  Honestly, the other sweets were a blur but more on that later.The downside:  the cheese and charcuterie section only had three types of cheese and meat; all very good though.  The sushi section was woefully undermanned.  I saw that poor girl slicing away frantically trying to keep up with all the demand.  My downfall was, of course, all you can drink alcohol.  Not that I got drunk and made a fool of myself.  I had the hubris to think that I could tackle BOTH the buffet and all you can drink in one sitting!  Total rookie mistake but I'm not a rookie!  On the plus side, I ran into the huge wall called food coma, and that saved me quite a bit by keeping me away from the blackjack table.
3	WAITED AN HOUR.. and was pretty disappointed at the variety/selection for weekend brunch!Wynn buffet still gets a 3 stars because as far as BUFFETS go its decent.. but in terms of the expectations (especially since your paying around 35 bucks) it really doesn't succeedI think the best things I ate were probably the shrimp & leek dumpling from the dim sum section... the congee.....LOX ( i love smoked salmon).. shrimp cocktail...prime rib.... fresh fruit.. and the creme brulee!desserts were okay.. they've at least got gelato!our waiter was VERY unattentive .. i mean i know its a buffet but its vegas!HINT: GET IN for brunch price before 3:30pm and you will have more variety when they switch over to dinner while you are still inside!!! then they'll bring out crab legs & lamb! (i was too full by the time they started switching so i couldn't reap the benefits!)
3	The experience was great. The ambiance is very inviting and the decor is very beautiful. The chairs are upholstered in foe- ostrich leather. BEAUTIFUL. As for the food I would recommend trying somewhere else. The hype of the Wynn had me' very excited, on the edge of my seat, and about to eat my foot because I was so hungry. I was thinking lavish large spread king and queen style of eating. But this experience was far from that. The food though tasty was minimal and for $37.48 I was expecting a lot more. I think that you could spend your money else where and you would be much happier. However, if you have a husband that dreads to eat crab cause he has to open it (as I do) this is a place to consider. It was very customer first to have it sliced in half. I love my husband so this is for you love.
4	Absolutely delish minus their kimchi. When you walk in you are amazed immediately by their beautiful decor and scrumdiliumptios looking food! The servers are really busy so I understand that they don't have time..but we had Sunday brunch there and it was absolutely amazing!I heard that the Wynn had the best buffet and I really do think so. The food is top notch and the deserts melt in your mouth! It is a definitely a must to visit if your in Vegas.
4	Kinda expensive, but the best on town , gone are Alaskan KING crab legs. :-( , crepes anyone?
4	I normally hate buffets, but the Wynn managed to impress me. The line to get in here is always pretty ridiculous. We waited about an hour which is insane for me considering I didn't want to go to a buffet. Once you are inside the array of food options can be really overwhelming. They do an excellent job controlling the flow of traffic into the buffet which means that there is never a line for the station you want to go to next. The food is of excellent quality by any standard, but insanely fresh and delicious considering it's a buffet. You can find food from every cuisine you can think of. I was especially impressed by the dessert selection. The creme brulee was incredible and definitely the perfect way to end the meal. The service here, like everywhere else inside the Wynn, is incredible. The staff will absolutely make sure that you have everything/anything you want so that you thoroughly enjoy your meal. If you are looking for the best buffet in Vegas, you just found it.
4	This buffet was great. Definitely worth the price. Would go back.
4	I visited the Buffet at Wynn again on a recent Vegas trip and I knew immediately that I would have to come back and give them at least one more star, so I did. We decided to have just a light lunch that day so that we could head over to the Wynn for an earlier than normal dinner to avoid the crazy disneyland-like winding lines. We got there around 5:30 and there were just a few people in line infront of us. We were seated quickly and this time around our server was top notch. She was very attentitive and quick to fill our drinks and to remove our empty plates. The prime rib was again juicy and perfect and they give you huge slices so you dont have to keep going back and asking for another (but of course you can if you wish). I had to mention the prime rib again because this is the place that made me LOVE and crave it, and when we went to the Bellagio Buffet the night previous and I was less than impressed with their dry and overcooked prime rib, I knew we would be heading over to the Wynn the next day to satisfy my craving. Also in comparison to the Bellagio buffet, the crab legs at the Wynn are HUGE! So much more meat and yumminess. There are tons of other choices but I will always levitate towards the prime rib and crab legs. Definitely give this place a go and come early to avoid the crazy lines and to enjoy a more cozy atmosphere.Dinner is 35 a head not including tip. But its VEGAS and youre at the Wynn, so just do it.
2	For the quality, rather overpriced (which was disappointing given last time it was great). Nothing really seemed fresh. Also, I don't think a single person knew what gluten meant (for example, when I asked about the bloody marys to see if they were safe, the response was 'they have tomatoes, do those have gluten?'). There was also a bad seafood smell at the fron oof the restaurant.Probably won't check it out again.
3	BUYER BEWARE!  They now sandwich the 1 tray of king crab legs with 2 trays of snow crab legs.  For the novice and the unsuspecting, you can end up with a plate of the less expensive king crab cousins.
3	I have been to various buffets in Las Vegas and the Wynn's buffet more than once. Both times the service left something to be desired and food wasn't always replenished as quick as you would like. The dessert selection is beyond compare, but much of the other items tasted bland and were nothing special. If I was only judging based on dessert the Wynn would win, but food-wise Bellagio beats it by far.
5	Wynn has a great buffet! It's pricey, but I think it's worth it if you come right before they switch over to the dinner price. That way you pay lunch price and catch the beginning of the dinner food service :))I've been here for dinner three times: once on a weekend, once on a weekday, and once on Thanksgiving. I always came pretty early, before 5pm, so the lines are never that long. Except on Thanksgiving. Truly horrendous. The buffet food is awesome! Aside from the crab legs and prime rib that everyone always loves, they also have great fish and pasta dishes. Presentation is beautiful, and they portion a lot of the entree foods for you. My favorite part is the soup bar! Their soups are delightful! I know it's probably stupid to stuff yourself with soup at a $40 buffet, but I really can't help myself. The soups they have are sweeter, and I always find myself craving them. In fact they're the reason I keep returning to this buffet. A lot of people miss the soup bar because it's in the back near the breads salads and cheese at the end of the buffet people don't usually spend much time. The dessert bar is so cute! I always get too greedy here. My favorite is the crepe station. YUM! They also have a fair selection of ice cream/gelato/sorbet :))Definitely try The Buffet at the Wynn if you ever find yourself on the Strip, if only just once.
3	This buffett is very nice,and the decor is great but this buffett has always been overrated.The quality food is good,but many items lack taste. Also most of the food items do not change from day to day.This buffett no longer offers lamb chops on fridays,it also no longer has ice cream,but gellano  that just doesn't have the rich taste that the ice cream had. Recently the drinks come in smaller glasses and the soup bowls are maybe 1/3 the size that they once were.OK you can order say two glasses of milk and get two bowls of soup. They have also recently raised the price. I know people at the Wynn so I can pick up a comp once or twice a week so I shouldn't complain,but it seems like this buffett is going in the wrong direction.This is also a very expensive buffett around $36. now how can anyone eat that much to say its a good deal? Again this buffett with the price rates only 3 stars.. The Bellagio or the M buffetts cost a little less and are better..
2	Wow what a difference a year makes.  They use to have king crab legs and everyone raved about the dessert bar.Came here last wknd and no more king crab, just snow crab.  That's all I usually eat at buffets so I was really dissapointed.  The dessert bar had gelato which was pretty good but I won't come back here unless they bring back the king.
3	This buffet is probably the best buffet in Vegas. There is a great selection and the cost is reasonable for being at Wynn. I have only gone for their brunch and always leave STUFFED! The lines are minimal during lunch and the food is probably just as good as dinner. The service is terrible, people are rude and honestly killed one star for me.
5	Awesome buffet! So much variety and fresh foods. Seafood, Japanese, Chinese, Italian, soup, american, specialty salad, even antipasto I love that they peel the shrimp for you! Every other Vegas buffet I've been to leaves the shell on. They also cut their crab legs in half so it's super easy to eat. Dessert is also awesome, mini finger sweets, gelato, fresh mini carmel apples and even a crepe station! I was won over - definitely coming back!
4	The buffet at the Wynn is fantastic, they have a wide selection of different types of food -- American, Asian, Seafood, Italian, Bar, Desserts --- it is so good. As a New Englander, my palate is used to fresh seafood & good chowders and boy did Wynn matched that!QUALITY: Basically, it is a buffet but the quality of the food is something that you would see on an upscale restaurant. They are all cooked and prepared perfectly, and in most cases, they have a server behind the buffet to help serve you.PRICE: For $23 dollars, you can eat unlimited "high-quality" and well-prepared meals, unlimited drinks (except alcohol) and unlimited desserts. LOCATION: Right across the Fashion Show. It is easy to get to. You can buy a $7 24-hr bus pass, it goes up and down the Las Vegas strip.You'll never miss it!ATMOSPHERE: Very jungle-like. You'll feel like you're a character from Alice in Wonderland. They have huge flower and plant decorations everywhere! It's something you'll just have to see for yourself.
1	Very disappointed!!!!! Well luckily it was comp. bc i wouldn't want to pay for Wynn's buffet ever! lets just say i was VERY DISAPPOINTED!
3	I am disappointed at this place. There were so many good reviews about it and are they all for dinner only?I came here for lunch instead of dinner to avoid more damage to my waistline. They didn't have a lot of variety and they lack choices of fruits. I really like the smoked salmon and the beef though. I was super excited about the Gelato, but once again, it disappointed me. I don't think it was worth $27 for lunch. This is for lunch only though. May be dinner is A LOT better. I won't know unless I go back, and I am not planning to go back.Don't get me wrong. Their food is still tasty; just not amazing :|
4	I was a bit disappointed during my last trip to the buffet here.  The variety of foods seemed to have dropped a bit.  Fish was dry and overcooked.  Prime rib  was left until all of the end pieces were served so I ended up with a dried out piece of meat. Dessert area was still pretty decent.  I wish that they had some more meat dishes.  The other thing that I noticed was that now instead of just King Crab legs, they have snow crab legs.  Not too sure if it is b/c the quality dropped a bit, but the line for the buffet is nowhere near the length or wait that it used to be.
4	This buffet has a large variety of food for individuals to choose from, and they have items for everybody. They even have an area that is mainly vegetarian. One of the things that I really liked about the buffet was the seafood and the meat selection. I had the brisket, which was delicious, and the king crab was also realllly tasty. When I first came I opted to skip out of a having some salad, but then as I made my way down the line I came across a variety of salads in little glass cups. There was probably about 6-7 different varieties. I tried the one with pears, which was absolutely delicious. The flavors came together really well, and it was overpowering in the sweetness of the pears. Another item that I really enjoyed was the pulled pork with coleslaw that was on top of something similar to cornbread. The pork was really tender and moist paired well for the coleslaw.Some of the items were not as tasty though. When I saw the pad thai it looked like it would be full of flavor, but when I tried it I found it to be bland. There was another item that I believe was called "sicilian pizza" which I tried because I wanted to try something new. It consisted on a thick layer of hard bread, dried out tomato sauce, and cheese that had hardened over form being left over too long. Needless to say, it wasn't good and it just tasted like bread.The dessert area was also filled with a variety of different items. There are about 8 different gelato flavors, but they taste more like ice cream rather than gelato. However, the gelato comes in these adorable pastel colored cups. There are also candied apples, but they are extremely hard to take a bite into, and wouldn't be something that I would try again. Another item that I wouldn't try again would be the dipped marshmallows. There are marshmallows that are dipped in chocolate or white chocolate, but the flavors are too phenomenal.The overall service from workers was pretty good. The servers were attentive with filling up our drinks and asking if there was anything else that they would do. The ambiance was also nice, because right when you walk in you see all these bright flowery colors. However, this is only when you walk in, once you get past that the setting is relatively normal.
3	The Buffet at the Wynn used to be the prime place for those looking for some all-you-can-eat sustenance.  However, over the the years, its quality has slowly degraded in value.  There appears to be more misses than hits here, mainly in the meat and fish selections during dinner hours.  The prime rib was incredibly salty the last two times I was here, while the lobster had a strange mushy texture.Brunch seems to be a better time to eat here as the food appears fresher, especially the salad and pasta dishes.  In addition, the popular omelet bar opens up to the delight of many.  Despite its drop in quality, the buffet here at the Wynn is still better than most in Vegas.  The food is clean and the service, mainly the cashier, is friendly.
4	I've heard so many good things about the wynn buffet and had high expectations and even still I was not let down but very pleased.i came for dinner kinda late around 8:30pm so it wasn't busy at all...I added the $10 unlimited champagne, mimosa, bloody mary special. yeah..its $$$ but so worth it. I usually don't like buffets because even though u can probs get ur moneys worth from quantity..its hard to really get good quality. and this is where wynn shines. all kinds of custom salads...bread and spreads, cheeses, meats..baked seabass, seafood potpie...prime rib, bbq brisket, make your own pastas...the LIST GOES ON! and of course...we can't forget about DESSERT!!!! if i could, i would want to try everything...the creme brulee was really good...they also have a variety of different sorbets and gelatos..all diff kinds of cakes...basically dessert heaven.
4	You really can't try everything here. They have too much. Everything is well done and you really should walk around once just to take it all in. The seating is interesting and doesn't really match the buffet setting. Everything was very floral and at time dizzying. Everything from risotto to asian pork buns tasted great.Went during lunch so didn't get to try some of the amazing Yelp things I've read about, but the spread was still very nice. The Prime Rib was well seasoned but too sweet for my taste. The seafood station had a very good sea bass, a must for seafood lovers. Desserts is what you should save room for! The red velvet cake was moist and something I wish I could have ordered a dozen of to go!
5	This is my first 5 star rating and honestly I would have given it a 10 if there was an option. I would venture to say this was, in my professional buffet brunch goer opinion, perfection. Homemade Caesar salad station, every fruit you could possibly want plus fruit salads and these amazing little cups of fresh grapefruit segements with mint and brown sugar....seriously sooo freakin good. The Italian station had these flatbread pizzas that looked like nothing special, but tasted delicious, breakfast items and omelette stations (not just one) were also extremely tasty, pulled pork sliders on corn bread muffins are something you rarely see at a buffet, genius. The dessert room was impressive, small gourmet little noshes made so you could indulge in more then one or three :) Homemade gelato that was too die, I had the coconut by the way. Me and a girlfriend were there so long (4 hours) that the food started to switch to dinner items and they also introduced the King Crab legs, which are my favorite and usually a buffet brunch must.The service was excellent, everyone was super friendly and after 4 hours the champagne was still flowing. The only thing I do not like is the name...this buffet deserves something so much more luxurious and original !
4	The wait was around 45 minutes but totally worth it! Highlights:-Lots of Indian cuisine, which was a plus. -The prime rib was delicious! It was even better than Bellagio's. -The king crab legs were juicy and easy to eat. -The homemade caesar salad was good!-Desserts were ehh. Not the best, which is why they lost a star.-All the other selections were decent; not bad at all.Now I know why Wynn has one of the best buffets in town.My only complaint was that they had hummus... but they didn't have pita bread! I didn't know what to eat it with... haha.
5	One word.Bomb.Its a must try when your in town. For lunch/Dinner
5	Make this one of those meals you budget for on a trip to Vegas.  Do lots of cheap buffets to make your dollar last, but take the time to put on a decent shirt and go into the fabulous WYNN hotel and have breakfast at "The Buffet". We paid $45 for the bottomless champagne and Bloody Mary's. Worth it. Live it up, you're celebrating life in Vegas!Come HUNGRY. It's got a little of eveything. Everything. Amazing seafood, deserts, omellettes to order. Just do it. Be cheap for another meal or 2 to make up for it. The experience will add to the trip. It was one of my favorite moments!
3	wynn brunch buffet, how disappointing!when traveling with asian parents, except a lot of buffeting (yea, i made it into a verb, dont hate). anyways, came here for brunch this past weekend, and i was so disappointed! the last time i was here, it was pretty delicious. whats happened since then?dont get me wrong, the food is decent. some of the it was even GOOD. but a lot of it wasnt that great. need an example? im a carnivore (rarr) and for me buffet is all about tucking away as many rare pieces of prime rib as i can. can you imagine my excitement as i got the rare ruby piece of prime rib? i was expecting tender, succulent, melt in your mouth beefiness. instead i just got a chewy tough piece of meat. it was like rib eye... from dennys. blech. so, while not everything was horrible, not everything was great. but, hey, what do you expect from a buffet? just cause it costs more doesnt mean its the best! if youve never had the wynn buffet before, id steer you elsewhere. try bellagio, or m resort. oh, and expect at least an hour long wait for weekend brunch! i got there around noon and didnt sit down until a little after 1.
4	The Wynn buffet is prettyyy good, but its also $40 for lunch.First you walk in and the place is beautiful.  Just like the rest of the Wynn.  I love the light in the first room but I'm glad we sat further back closer to the food. haha. If you're wondering what there is, I ate:-gnocchi-vegetables with yogurt sauce-Indian-style chickpeas-Pasta-Corn-Indian-style rice-Congee with Chinese donut, scallions and thousand-year old egg-Smoked salmon-Tomato gazpacho-Smoked trout/regular trout-Crab legs-Shrimp cocktail-3 different types of cervice (ahi tuna, scallop, Mediterranean) out of the 6 or so there were-Red snapper-Cheese and grapesThey have pretty much everything you could possible need.  Plus its a seafood paradise.  Points for:-lots of Indian-food which is rare for buffets-lots of raw seafood options-Congee! I can't believe they had that!Everything tasted good.  Not fine dining but some of the best buffet food I've ever had.The con is just that with all the buffets in Vegas, I'm not sure this one can justify $40.  It's good, but is it double-the-price good?
1	YUCK.. YUCK... YUCK. What a complete disappointment my husband and I experienced at the Wynn.  The hotel itself is absolutely beautiful and we wouldn't think twice about staying there, however, there is NO way we will ever go back to the Buffet.  Like friends of ours we went at a perfect time, breakfast, but still there for the lunch.  It is a shame when you spend over $50 for two people and my one and only favorite item was the oatmeal.  I tried several other of their dishes, but each was a complete disappointment to the palete.  Little to no seasoning on anything.  I do have to say though, that the presentation is totally adorable and that is the only reason they get a star.  We tried the frittata, yuck, bland and no flavor.  Eggs benedict wasn't even appealing to sight.  Eggs were runny and no flavor and the breakfast meats were just ok.  We had hoped that as they switched out breakfast to lunch that the selections would be better, and the answer was a HUGE NO.  My husband said that if we had paid for the lunch price, we would have asked for a refund.  All I have to say is if you want some amazing food, where pretty much all of the selections are tasty and appealing, then head over to the Carnival World buffet, NOW that is worth the cost.  Don't let the Wynn's beauty deceive you into to beleiving that the food would be just as beautiful. (NOTE:  the desserts were absolutely adorable to look at, but the taste was horrible, just so sad that everything was not appetizing at all.)
4	There was no waiting when we got here, which is good. It was rated number 1, so i had to try it. The food choice is smaller than the Bellagio, but the food is better. The Prime rib was super good, and the have a crepe bar. My favorite the pasta bar where they cook your pasta in front of you. yum. However, it was a bit watery wish they drained the noodles. I love the garden view. Must try the creme brulee. Some of the food is a bit salty. The staff is also very friendly and attentive. Will be coming back for sure.
5	O my! I was in heaven. I love food and let me tell ya.....this place was amazing. Crap, steak, shrimp,mashed potatoes, pizza, salad, pasta bar, sushi, Chinese food, and any kind of dessert you could think of. Even had a chef making crepes. mmmm mmmm mmmm. Everything was tasty and the atmosphere is very sheek and sophisticated. Not for the average joe though b/c it was a little pricey. But when your up on roulette.......why not treat yourself to a 5-star dining experience?
5	Best deal in Vegas. Sea bass alone was with the price of entrance. Desserts as far as the eye can see. Hell, even the Caesar salad was tasty.
3	Ate here 3 times and I would much prefer the Bellagio or M Buffet compared to Wynn.There's A LOT of selection and getting your food is an adventure. Did I mention the line? It's horrible if you get here late.Pro-tip if you want to save money: Get a very late lunch before they close and chill inside while they bring out dinner. It works and I've done it.I can't justify spending all that $$ but for the variety and selection, it is good but not the best.
4	Cant decide if 3 or 4 stars so I'm going with 4.All in all it was a good buffet with great selection but I think I am just over the "Buffet" thing and will never go back.There is to much food and I cannot possible sample everything but I will say The Wynn has the best that I have been to.You pay the price but I feel it is worth it.
2	Nothing special.If you have been to many Vegas buffets, the ones at the big casinos are always "good" ,so to truly get above average, they really have to be special.     This one has a great dessert section, so if that is your thing you may like this place a lot more than me.  I did not try any of the desserts.  But the rest was not special and actually the food had amazingly little taste.  The seafood pot pie sounded great but was bland.  The seafood risotto was very oily but little taste.  The sushi was skimpy and less tasty than what you would find in a neighborhood sushi place.  The chinese apps section was also like what you'd find at a neighborhood place.  Sure, they have carved beef and roasted turkey but so does everywhere else.  If you are staying there, it is fine, but definitely not worth a journey.
5	Simply amazing. After eating a terrible meal at the Bellagio buffet the night before I used the Wynn to redeem Vegas buffets for breakfast - it was so worth it. For $20 I tried everything but the stand outs were the following:banana & strawberries tossed in creme fraiche vanilla mint yogurt & homemade granolaeggs benedictsalmon eggs benedictbiscuit with gravyhomemade apple chicken sausage AMAZING bacon!Then onto the dessert table - I was a gluten here:Kiwi banana pureeVanillia apricot puddingCinnamon bun!Chocolate croissantChocolate covered marshmallowI could go on but just go yourself - its incredible. BEST buffet is Vegas because of the food, service, and the ambiance.
4	Huge spacious space but yet we had to wait ample time to be seated.But anyway, we came at around 3pm and paid only $25 and the selection was simply amazing! I'm not a big eater, but I think the price is all worth it!They have eclectic selection of food from American, Italian, Thai, Chinese, etc. But I've only tried a couple and here are my faves:The steak was freaking delicious. It was tender and very meaty. It was just how I wanted it - medium well. It wasn't pink and yet it wasn't well done. It was juicy and quite flavorful. It goes well with the string beans. It was a bit salty but the steak neutralizes its salty flavor which I think compliments each other. And oh, the king crab legs are definitely worth your money. I grabbed a plate full of it and it was as fresh as you can have it. They were gigantic and were very meaty. The shrimp were also huge and they were also as fresh. I personally like it with the tartar sauce. The cocktail sauce is quite tangy and spicy. I think they mix it with wasabi. I'm not so much a fan of wasabi.And my most favorite is... the dessert bar!!! They have amazing treats for your sweet tooth. They have variety of cakes, different flavors of gelato, coated marshmallows, lemon meringue, tarts, and those layered sweets in plastic shot glasses. I don't remember what they are called but they were amazing! I loved most of them. But my favorite of them all is the CREME BRULEE!!!! It was absolutely delicious. It melts in my mouth. And it has crispy sugar on top that makes it sweet. Mmmmmmm! I would have had two of those but my tummy just couldn't handle anymore. I definitely recommend!!! :)
2	This place was actually really bad. When you get yourself all psyched up for a buffett at a higher end hotel in Las Vegas, you're expecting a little something special. This was a very ordinary and unimpressive buffet. A lunch time spread entirely of side dish style items, some lukewarm pizza and some overcooked prime rib. Where was the seafood - crabslegs and shrimp? Nowhere to be found. WTF??1 star for the nice staff1 star for nice restaurant.Thats it. Save yourself from disappointment - hit the Buffett at the Cosmopolitan, Aria, Ceasars, Bellagio or PH. Avoid Wynn.
5	I have had buffets before but I have never seen anything like the buffet at the Wynn. They have so much food. Everything from Sushi to prime rib to bacon and eggs. I stuck with more of the breakfast food, so I had eggs, bacon, pancakes and waffles and some of the cheeses, which were delicious. My Bf has prime rib, which was amazing and some of the different vegetables. I wanted to go back for more food but I had filled my plate. The eggs were so light and fluffy they melted in my mouth. I also had a mimosa and that was delicious. I gave it 5 stars because the selection was out of this world and the food was perfect. I wish I could go back right now. :)
2	This was quite a disappointing experience for me.We showed up an hour before closing, around 9:30P. Paid the exhorbitant per person fee only to find that they had run out of Prime rib, were not intending on replenishing, and tried to substitute that with flank steak. SighI understand if we had shown up as the doors were about to close and the prime rib wasn't available, but cmon this is a pricey, supposedly upscale buffet where running scarce on prime rib should be a foreseen issue. The rest of their food was ok at best, with none really catching my eye or compelling me to come back for seconds.I will say that the best part of the buffet was their dessert section. Extensive selection for varying tastes. Awesome creme brulee and gelato.
2	It wasn't bad, but I was hoping for better.  I thought the selection was not very good and the seafood was not fresh.  The crab leg was so salty that it was difficult to eat more of it (perhaps that was the plan to limit food intake).  I would recommend Wicked Spoon at Cosmo, they're way better.
2	So much hype! We were promised that this was going to be an amazing experience and it really wasn't.  Maybe my taste buds and stomach were not ready for the explosion of food since I had gone to another buffet earlier in the day.The "highlight" of this buffet is the crab legs.  I ate them only because I figured that it was the only way I could get my money's worth. But the crab legs were cold, salty and not even that good.  Plus, you have to wait in a long line just to get to it; it's not worth it.The prime rib was actually pretty good. I did like it.  I also liked the gelato selection at the dessert area.Speaking of desserts, they were probably better than the entrees.  The hot brownie was also delicious! The creme brulee was below-par.  While the top was fine, the custard underneath tasted very odd.  I've had a lot of creme brulees in my life and this one didn't make the top 20.I'm glad I gave it a try but one time is enough.
3	It's a decent overall buffet.  But I think the with the high price you pay, I'd expect a little bit more.  Some of the desserts I've tried was not very good.  It tasted stale.  The service staff was very nice and friendly on a plus side!
4	Been here a couple of times, and I was satisfied both times! I think the crab legs were my favorite... haha! I liked the variety they offer in this buffet however I stay away from their asian dishes, cause for some reason it just doesn't taste as good. I would definitely come back here though!
3	Has Steve Wynn ate here recently?  I use to love this place and was one of the places to eat on every Vegas trip, but was disappointed this time around.The waiter was asleep or did not care.  Brought 3 out of 7 of our drinks and placed them in the wrong place.  Brought my hot water but no tea bag.  Didn't come once to give us refills.  I guess that's what happens when gratuity is already paid for.The Pad Thai was aweful.  Fish was dry.It's not THAT bad.  They do have shrimp, delicious yogurt parfait, the usual great selection of desserts.  But with the long wait and ~$40/person, I'd expect them to try their Pad Thai and dry fish before feeding it to us.  All of us felt unsatisfied.Try Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon.
3	I came here on a Sat night for dinner. I've been reading about this buffet as being as the ultimate buffet in Vegas, not to mention its constant comparison to the Bellagio buffet. Sadly, so sadly, bf and I were so disappointed with their food selection. I guess we should not have joined in so much on the hype. I mean, I even planned days to drive to Vegas just to eat here, I know, right.Anyways, here are some of the things I remember having:-Crab legs, what's new.-Shrimp tempura sushi and california rolls-- that's it! wtf? For 40 bucks a person, they should at least have some nigiri.They also had smoked salmon, which I'm not fan of. The rolls were typical buffet rolls, stale and weird.-Naan and curry- these were good.-Sea bass-That's all I can rmbr. It was not that significant.-No oysters for all you oyster lovers.For dessert, they had the typical.. gelato.. creme brulee.. cookies, etc. They didn't even have french macaroons! :(So basically, they did not have a great food selection. I loved Spice Market at PH, Paris' buffet and Studio B at The M 10x better than this place. Definitely will not be returning, especially at their ridiculous price of $40/person.
3	Came here last weekend on an R&R trip. I purposely didnt eat all day so I'd stock up on their good food. The atmosphere was really nice. It wasnt full of senior citizens like some buffets usually are. It was $45 per person for dinner which was fine. I thought the food selection was okay. Im a meat person and I didnt think there was a big meat selection. The sushi was great and tasted fresh as well as the shrimp. The desserts were so delicious and there was a huge selection of those. So if anything, come here just to try that. Overall, I thought it was a nice dinner but I'd rather go to Caesars Palace buffet where the food names are not that fancy and they have a greater selection of food.
5	The absolute best buffet in Sin City. The buffet at the Wynn has the widest variety of foods and it is all in a beautiful upscale setting. This is one of the pricier buffets in Vegas, but it is definitely worth it. For dinner, the buffet serves King Crab Legs and Jumbo Shrimp in the seafood section along with their melt in your mouth prime rib. I would recommend this buffet to anyone who loves to eat.
4	Very high end buffet. The atmosphere and decorating is absolutely beautiful. It has a large and varied selection of good food.The only negative was the price of $45 for dinner.Exc - Feel, food.Good - NoneAve - NonePoor -  Pricey!WOULD I GO BACK? POSSIBLY, ABSOLUTELY IF I AM COMPED!
5	Perhaps a 4.5 stars when I compare it to other Vegas buffets but nonetheless going to give it the benefit of the doubt and give it a 5! It will always have a special place in my heart as it was my very first Vegas buffet experience. Sleek, modern, HUGE, fresh, full of variety... it has everything you would desire from a top of the line buffet. I had a great time and would go back! I just didn't love the food as much as I had at other places. Maybe I was buffet-ed out the last time I went. Regardless, their desserts are top-notch so make sure you save some room!
2	The food was very good quality. Very fresh and well prepared. The variety and selection was smaller than most buffets in Vegas. The desserts bar left much to be desired. The only option for plates was the heated plates used for food, which caused the ice cream and chocolate to melt.The service was average. It was not a bad experience, but it was not nearly the great experience that everyone claimed it to be, and not worth the 25 dollars it cost. $10-15 would be a better price for what you get.
2	My mother wanted to eat at a buffet for Sunday Brunch. Since she was staying at the Wynn we chose The Buffet. What a mistake. The main dining area boasts a few flower, vegetable & fruit displays that soar towards the ceiling. They were absolutely beautiful and it was fun pointing out the various veggies & fruits used. They were very impressive which led me to believe the buffet would be also. After standing in line over an hour and shelling out $40+ bucks a person, I was very disappointed with the buffet. It looked like a cafeteria with uninspiring displays of mediocre food. The cocktail shrimp and prime rib were both good. The baked cod, fish cakes, mashed potatoes were bland, the dinner rolls hard. Decent cheese & sliced meat selection. I can't remember what else I had on my plate (I always remember things when it comes to food!). I will admit their dessert selection was impressive (saving this review from being one star). The dessert room was bright, cheery and chock full of color. The choices were seductive: creme de mint cake, fruit tarts, chocolate dipped marshmallow "lollipops", gellato, lemon custard, creme puffs, chocolate/chocolate cake, candied apples, pecan pie, key lime pie, etc. The lemon custard was tart and creamy, cleansing my palate of the dreadful meal that preceded it. Don't waste your time or money at The Buffet. Go somewhere else.
4	Two schools of thought exist for this place: it's the best, and it's not the best but far from the worst. This is quite an achievement for ANY business, especially a food service business.Let's be quite frank: food service sucks. Working in it sucks. Waiting in line to pay $40 and being anything but thrilled or compensated the expectation you thought you deserved...well, sucks!The facts are that the food on loan to your stomach has great variety and first quality. I had the most buttery prime rib ever, and you can wait in line to get shrimp, octopus, crab legs (pre cut, in half, and easy to feed on) and other seafoods.As my second visit in about 3 years, I couldn't recall if there was an Indian food feature the first time I went, but this time they had the most unsightly Indian food section ever. It certainly didn't look like Indian food. They used supermarket pita bread, all the wrong food dyes, and like the rest of Vegas, it just seemed to be contrived.However, it tasted AMAZING. How did they pull it off? If you are reading this review on your cell while waiting in line, and have a hankering for "dahl" (lentils in a kind of pea soup), save some room in your stomach.4 stars for quality disregarding price (too much, hit the Paris buffet for a cheaper experience with a greater array of foods), and waiting in line for at least 1.5 hours on a weekday. Those prior two reasons are why it's not a full 5 stars.Be not mistaken: the Wynn buffet is overrated. But that's not their fault. Nobody's going to say the food sucks, and that's what makes this place so phenomenal.
4	I tried the Wynn Buffet for the first time this past Sunday (4/17). The food was pretty good. We went in for brunch and paid--- $31.95. We got really lucky because we came in just before brunch ended, and that's when the dinner items came out. 10am-3pm is BRUNCH. 3:30pm is when Dinner starts ($39.95)! Favorite Brunch Items:Prime RibShrimp CocktailsCongeeSalami with Cheese --really goodFavorite Dinner Items:Crab Legs--kinda sucked b/c they weren't warm...but still good!Prime RibEgg RollsFruit Cups with honeydew, cantaloupe, lychee, and pineapple!I mean...there were more items I enjoyed, but these were the ones I remembered liking the most.I've been to the Bellagio buffet and this has a more open feeling in the atmosphere, but they can relate in what types of food you can expect.
4	I loathe waiting in buffet lines, but having this one comped at ~$40 a head was a little more tolerable. It took about 45 minutes to get through on a Monday night, so plan accordingly.There was no king crab, but the snow crab legs were split so that was a good compromise. Everything I tried was tasty. There was food from every genre imaginable and even indian dishes, which is rare for any regular buffet. As others have stated, the lack of sushi variety is surprising, but don't let that deter you.  All in all, if you're looking for a buffet, go here and you won't be disappointed.
4	Bomb. I overstuffed myself with the shrimp cocktails and almost went green. Otherwise, the meat, fruits, gelato, desserts and seafood was fan-freaking-tastic. Best part about it all was that everything came out fresh and warm. No leftovers here! Services were fantastic with friendly and fast working servers. Wait and price is worth it in my opinion.
3	Being a local you rarely visit the strip unless it is a special occasion. My friend's birthday was the just right occasion I needed to justify spending a tad over $50 (large party + tax)  for a buffet. ALRIGHTTTTTTT lets do this!Man.... talk about disappointment and I haven't been this disappointed since my 24 cents pay raise.The short:Good execution of common buffet items with sub par service.. Sorry, but if you're waiting in line for 20+ minutes for a $$$ buffet the last thing you want is a bitchy waitress.    The guy who took my group's drink order was rarely seen. First round of water took almost 10 minutes. My lemonade refills were nonexistent, although he did grab our plates in a timely fashion. The food is what really confused me. The Wynn is perceived to be one of the nicest casinos in all of Las Vegas which would lead one to assume that spending $50+ (I had gratuity/tax) you would get some premium items and feel upscale. Nope didn't get that feeling. Chicken noodle soup? Pizza? California rolls? Am I at the Wynn Buffet or Hometown buffet? Sure there were snow crab legs, prime rib, veal, dim sum, a pasta station, and a crepe station.. but come on, that isn't premium stuff. It isn't what one is to expect at a top tier casino like the Wynn. If you're not getting comped then save yourself a long wait and disappointment and head over to the M resort or Cosmopolitan for a more modern, friendly service, and lower priced buffet.
3	After every trip to vegas, i tell myself "no more buffet!" But i still haven't learned.  The selection here wasn't as good as i remember. I wouldn't pay how ever much it was for the just okay food.  I only went because i had a free voucher on my red card from playing the slots.  My friends and i came for lunch on a monday so there was no wait.  We paid the lunch price and because it was already 3:00pm, it rolled over to dinner service. (not so secret buffet trick that i'm sure many have used).  My friends like to sit for hours and try everything.  My favorite part is always dessert. I love the tiny little cakes and trying a scoop of every gelato flavor.  I probably wouldn't come back unless i won another free buffet or my friends were very insistent.  I only do buffets under certain circumstances. Otherwise, the food in general in most buffets aren't worth the price. NO MORE BUFFETS!  I'm getting old and my stomach is getting weak.
3	The following review is based on an early dinner visit to the Wynn Buffet:FOOD:  3 starsMy big complaint is a lack of variety.  Salad Station 3 starsWhen I go to salad stations at most other quality buffets there is an assortment of different vegetables; here, there was only the garden salad mixed greens, some chopped cucumbers, carrots, tomatoes, and grilled chicken which I got from the Caesar salad area.   Yes, they have 3 different salads (Chinese chicken, Caesar, and garden salad), but I think buffets charging $35 a head need provide more variety than 3 vegetables and 4 dressings.  Seafood Station:  2 starsOnce again I was disappointed by the lack of variety.  I saw shrimp cocktail with lemons and cocktail sauce, crab legs, 3 types of sushi, some smoked salmon, but I didn't see any real variety.  I would have liked to have seen a wider selection of fish options but it just wasn't happening, at least not on this particular day.  Pasta Station 5 starsThis is not something I've seen at any other buffet.  They have a station in which there is an actual chef who will cook a pasta dish with a good selection of vegetables and sauces.  The meat selection was limited to chicken, but chicken is fine with me.   There's other pre-made pastas, but I don't get why anybody would get something pre-made when they could have something made fresh.  Asian Station:  4 starsThey seemed to focus on Thai and Chinese dishes on this area.  The highlight was the chicken panang which was nice and spicy.  They didn't offer weak panang to cater to weak ass white people who can't handle spicy food.  That's right, I just relied on a stereotype in my review! Indian Station:  2 starsHow can you have an Indian section without some form of curry?  I saw 4 food options which were all vegetarian based and some naan.  The only reason I'm giving the Indian section 2 stars was that the naan was surprisingly fresh and tasty, though nowhere nearly as good as real Indian naan.   Meat Station 4 starsOnce again there was a lack of variety.  There were 2 meats when I went, leg of lamb and some prime rib.  The leg of lamb was flavorful, juicy, and tender.  I didn't bother with the prime rib because it looked very fatty and undercooked.  I later found out that you can have the meat guy grill your cut a bit more.  Dessert Station: 2 starsThe crepe guy ruined this area for me.  I looked at all the pics by Yelpers of crepes and saw amazing creations, but my crepe guy was completely inept.  He made my chocolate crepe look like an oil spill and when I asked for a bit of cream he plopped a giant spoonful on my crepe.    I would have also liked some gelato, but the person running the gelato area was not present.  Additionally, Some of the desserts weren't labeled and I didn't want to get something I didn't like and have to waste food by throwing it away.  On the other hand, at least the dessert area had a whole lot of variety.  SERVICE:  3 starsOur cashier was informative about the process and even gave us the scoop on the lunch to dinner transition.  The host was nice enough.  The waiter was a bit slow on the refills, which normally wouldn't be a big deal, but there are only 2 jobs for a buffet waiter - clean up plates and refill drinks.  AMBIANCE:  5 starsUltimately I think the appeal of the Wynn buffet is how nice and new it is.  The entry area is beautifully decorated with these large fake fruit and flower arrangements.  There are a bunch of pics posted by other Yelpers.  CONCLUSION:The buffet is clean and beautiful, but I was disappointed by the lack of variety.
3	Had "brunch" w/o champagne on a Saturday.  $31.95.  Waited around 1/2 hour in the line.I was pretty impressed with the overall quality of the food.  Just about everything was of a better quality than I would normally associate with a buffet.  Frankly, I thought the variety was lacking.  With the exception of the desserts, I didn't think the overall offerings were anything special, as far as being "exciting" or different.  Pretty standard buffet fare. I expected more for $32.
3	We waited about 10 minutes for the VIP brunch (which is the typical brunch plus one cocktail). Its about $49 and change when tax is added in. We avoided a really long line so it was nice to get in quickly. If you indulge in this brunch buffet package, don't get the blood mary. The bloody mary at Wynn was about as confusing and unsatisfying as drinking hot tea in a swimming pool mid-August. Being southern, my expectations might be high, but since the bloody mary is one of the classic "hangover cocktails", I figured Wynn could get it slightly right. It's basically thin, sour tomato juice with vodka--no pepper, no spices. My friends ordered mimosas which they said were good, so order that instead! The coffee was actually pretty good though. Definitely try the prime rib with some creamy horseradish on the side. It's pink, tender, juicy--the horseradish adds some light zing. Great combo! I went back for seconds on that. The green beans were crunchy, lightly seasoned and buttery. Whatever you do, grab a cup of the fresh grapefruit with brown sugar and fresh mint chiffonade...excellent! I'm going to make that at home from now on! The dessert counter is very pretty---each dessert portion is a small work of art. As for flavor? Not so much. However, the coconut sorbet is a winner (for people who love coconut like I do). If I go back I'll definitely sample each of the various sorbet flavors instead of the other desserts. The shrimp cocktail was fresh but average. Nothing else other than the grapefruit, sorbet and prime rib blew me away. The dining area is average, but the entryway (decorated in bright blue hydrangeas) is gorgeous---as is the casino. Wynn is definitely a place to walk through atleast once if you don't stay, gamble and/or eat there.
4	uh yeah omg...euphoria overload?! so far, this is the best buffet I have eaten in my life! Obviously, without trying out at the bellagio, I can't make any comparison. But their food is simply exquisite :P Prime rib is better than what most steakhouse out there can make, shrimp cocktails was fresh and IMO better than their crab legs. Thin crust pizza with taste where you can only really have at a decent class Italian restaurant. Cream bulee was awesome. Overall, the quality of all the food are top notch for a 'buffet.' Service was great, fast and efficient. Despite people's comment about waiting in line, when me and my wife went, there was like a 5 min wait. The only thing I can think of to improve would be more desert options, but even I feel that's pushing it :PI don't think I can describe it well enough, but I would definitely recommend  if you are visiting Las Vegas! Great cost to value ratio :D
5	If a buffet is in your plans while visiting Vegas then don't go anywhere else.  I was surprised at the high quality and variety of the food for a buffet.  The line can get a little ridiculous so plan ahead.
4	Many choices! King crab legs are always attractive. Desserts are good. The GARDEN is very beautiful and good for date ;-)
2	WHAT A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME! OMG! +1 star for decor... super cool+1 star for having crepes for dessertMy boyfriend and I wanted to come here to check out what all the rave was about. First off, we went on a weekday. It was like a Tuesday night, and they still had a long line; therefore, we were hoping it'd be a meal to remember! Boy, were we right! It WAS a meal that we'll never forget for ALL THE WRONG REASONS! It was $40 per person, which was like the most we've paid for a buffet on the strip... and we're such FOODIES! We got it and checked out what they had. There were no oysters. They only had snow crab and it was grilled... not steamed. They had so much space and not enough food selection. For instance, there was an Indian food counter and they had naan but there was no curry, no tikka masala to eat the naan with. They had Indian rice! WTF? They had prime rib, but it was so hard and chewy and it wasn't even warm at all! Yes, granted my expectations were a bit high, but seriously, Steve Wynn and do A LOT BETTER! They didn't have oysters, or sushi, or anything good, really. The service was crappy. Our waitress barely ever checked up on us or cleared our table. We had to stack up our plates pretty high for her to finally come over and take them. We had to keep flagging her down for refills of water and coke. She kinda gave us the feeling she was avoiding us or ignoring us. I HATE THAT... especially at a place that's supposedly HIGH CLASS?!? I dunno what other people are raving about. Seriously, this place had a wide selection of breads, not a variety of foods. I guess a lot of people are drawn to the pasta station? I guess the majority of people who go here and "LOVE IT" are either really drunk or completely starved from gambling that they can't differentiate from the lack of quality in the food as well as the selection. Honestly, the only thing I liked about the buffet at Wynn was their dessert. They had gelatos, candy apples, cupcakes, creme brulee, flan, fruits, and customized crepes. RECOMMENDATION: GO TO BELLAGIO! It's only like $30 and they have a wider selection of food. If you don't care about how much you spend and you're not a foodie, THEN THIS IS THE PERFECT PLACE FOR YOU!
2	Came here for lunch on a Monday and was very disappointed.The Buffet @ Wynn used to be one of the best on the strip.  The main reason is because of the creativity of the menu.  They offered great entrees and stuff that you couldn't get at other buffets on the strip.To some extent, the buffet @ Wynn still does that for its patrons.  You can get Indian and Thai food here, for example.  The problem is that the quality of the Indian and Thai is below average.  Quality of the meats have dropped as well  - I felt that they didn't taste fresh.  Even "marinated" meats tasted dull.  I regret to inform you guys that there was not one dish that I tried that I thought was memorable.  I didn't get seconds of anything this time, which is pretty horrible.  If you are paying upwards of $30, you should really expect a top quality buffet.  Unfortunately, you don't get that here and my review reflects that.  Instead of this buffet, I recommend Bellagio Buffet or Wicked Spoon.   I love Wicked spoon because of its creative entrees and I love Bellagio for its amazing desserts.  I increasingly notice that M Buffet is generating a lot of buzz as a possible 3rd option.  If you want great seafood, Bellagio and M Buffet may be your best bets.  If you do, however, choose to go to the buffet @ Wynn, just consider yourself warned.  I take no pleasure in reporting that quality has dropped...it just is what it is.
5	==Buffet at Wynn==I had a $50 credit here and the buffet here passes as a upscale gourmet restaurant! Better than the Belagio buffet. I would recommend the dinnner buffet and it's worth every penny. Skip all the carb items and get all the meat if you're a T-REX. Rack of lamb ! Prime Rib ! Pork ! It's all scrumptious! The crab legs were okay, I still think it was a bit too salty. But the endless amounts of food to choose, try one of everything if you want and save some room for the dessert as well. Don't listen to the buffet haters. People think buffets are just to eat and eat and eat and eat and eat.. oh hey and eat some more. eat more? eat some more, keeping eating? Sure why not eat. eat eat eat eat and eat. WRONG. Buffets are about the variety of food so even if you have 1 plate only, at least you have like 10 different things on your plate if you can fit it. It's Vegas baby, you're here to waste all your money and go all out or GTFO and go home. Enjoy this buffet because I'll tell you now, you won't regret it !A++ Quality here.
3	Buffets should end with you smiling and patting your belly, after having unbuttoned your pants to fit in one last round. When u find yourself at your table sharing the same look with your friends: that blank stare out to nowhere, playing with your food and wondering why you didn't spend that 25 bucks on the Monopoly or Sex and the City slot machine or all red, you know u ain't happy. What sucks is that, we came here as our last hurrah lunch before heading home, having eaten many delicious meals- we were pretty disappointed.I should have listened to my gut feeling after seeing rates of this place dropping in their latest yelp reviews.  It wasn't unsavory looking as the lower end "buffet of buffets" buffets, but it certainly made me wonder what i would be getting if i spent that 40 bucks for dinner on a peak day. Would it be that much better? Or more of the same stuff... A whole station devoted to tortilla chips with only red and green salsa was a bit of a turnoff. The dishes i did enjoy were some pork slider thing, leek dumpling, bacon, and hashbrown ball. They had a small selection of Thai and indian food which you dont' find everywhere- but they were ordinary.  What we found ourselves doing, was mixing up some of the dry dishes with the saucy items to make things more interesting... eating our cookies with the icecream or frosting off the cupcakes. The mini cupcakes were cute http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=uJVqblRmMmvsl3P6pkU_KA, frosting was ok, but i am not a huge fan of glitter on my cupcakes. but since we were in vegas, where glitter is a common accessory- i ate it anyways. Frosting was not bad!Atleast it was very pretty in the atrium where we were seated!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=VIoLtKLPGWmd-H5HZBNDRQWicked spoon is still better and i need to go back to M Buffet, which i remember was pretty good a couple of years ago. *UPDATED PRICE INFO FOR BUFFET: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=IAjMHTukj1EFSbL6WILEgg
5	I've been coming to Vegas for 20 years (live in LA).  Done tons of different buffets and have to say the buffet at the Wynn is by far the best!! High quality food with lots of selection.  Pricey but you get what you pay for in this world!!
5	The good: EVERYTHING. Everything was delicious, fresh, well presented, and high-quality. Absolutely worth the price. Excellent variety and plenty of options for dietary restrictions. I saw a woman with a gluten intolerance getting a walking tour from one of the cooks, and he even offered to make her a new batch of something that may have been in contact with bread. The desserts were to die for; I nearly camped out in front of the creme brulee. The bad: It is pricey, but honestly I feel it was worth every penny. I got my money's worth in prime rib, salmon en croute, lamb stew, cold shrimp, gelato, and the best mashed potatoes I've ever had outside of my mom's house. If you're in Vegas, you must go. I don't have anything to complain about, and I really like to skewer a place when it's deserved.
2	This place is not as good as advertised! I was there for Sunday brunch on 5/1. For around $40 per person (after tip) it is way over priced, has very little selection and some of the food was not cooked correctly. I am not a big fan of shrimp cocktail but my wife says it was good. The only reason I am giving two stars is that the waiter we had was quite good. Prime Rib was OK. This is probably the first time I have left a buffet and felt that I did not get my moneys worth, mainly because the food did not make me want to eat more.
3	I was excited to return to The Buffet at the Wynn on Sunday with 7 other people. The last time was a year ago with my boyfriend and I had no complaints. This time however, there were a few hiccups.We arrived, paid, and informed the hostess that we were a party of 8. She told us we might not be able to sit together (what??). Then I noticed the hostess staple our receipts, 4 in one group, 4 in the other. Then we were shown to our tableS. Two tables, 10 feet apart for a party of 4. Uhh, that doesn't add up to me. The hostess didn't even attempt to seat us together.After we politely complained we were told if we wanted to sit together we needed to pay an automatic 18% gratuity to sit in a room that would accommodate us. Wait, but there was a table of 8 right in the middle of the two tables they tried to seat us at. How could we not be accommodated with everyone else? After a few words with the manager the seating was finally settled. We all were seated together at one table. There never should have been a problem with seating a party of 8 in the first place. When we finally got to eat the food was delicious, which is why I gave three stars. We were only able to get one refill on non-alcoholic beverages when the buffet was not even full. So, -1 for the hostess, -1 for trying to get 18% gratuity for horrible service.
5	Returned and maxed out on crab legs.  So so so so so good and fresh.  Most everything else I tried was pretty great.  Dessert selection was outstanding...banana kiwi pudding thingie? YES. And everything else.  Yes, yes, yes!!!!
4	Ate here 2 times, first time we were wondering what so good about this buffet compared to Rio's Paris and others needless to say we did not like it as much.2nd time we tried gave it another chance and for some reason it was really good and we thought they probably had some change in cooks or something cuz it was that good. Will be coming back soon!
5	Whoa, what's this?  People are saying that some items are disappearing from Wynn's buffet?  Noooooo!!!!  Nooooooooooo!!!!!!  I need to get my butt back over there before it's no longer the best freaking buffet anywhere, hands down.  I need to brave through the line one more time and see for myself whether it's true that quality is slipping.  Even as I'm sitting here, I can still remember the cut-to-order bacon and the decadent crab legs.  I agree with some other people--better raise the prices by a few bucks than slip from being the best brunch spot in town.  That's it, I'm planning my next Vegas trip now!
5	Awesome seafood.  I had to be wheeled out in a wheel barrow.
3	I'd rate this higher but for the price/unappealing desserts I can go to the Bellagio instead and be happy.  It's worth eating here if you're staying at the Wynn and perhaps have some older folks traveling with you who can't walk around much.  I would not go out of my way to eat here again.  I'm a huge sweets person and it's not exactly hard to make some delicious desserts, right?  I don't think I enjoyed a single dessert at the Wynn.
4	Its cost 40 bucks, and its worth it. The food was off the hook. I just wish i was hungrier. I only ate two huge plates. But the food is great quality.
4	Delicious!!! A more high-end buffet with really well done meat dishes and variety. Seafood, Asian, Mexican, Mediterranean, and so much more! Oh! and they have cook-to-order pastas and crepes!All the food was served really hot and tasted so fresh. And the dessert station was beautiful, although not quite as tasty as the sweets at Rio. About $40 a person, and well worth it!
5	First and most important I'm a local......I have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas, including Bellagio, Rio Seafood buffet, Mandalay Bay,M, Aria, GVR,Red Rock, I hope you get the point :p  and I have to say this is the best buffet in Vegasawesome tip.... Go @3 pay the lunch price and @330 they bring out the CRAB LEGS!!!I'm a pescatarian = i eat fish but NO MEAT/PORK/POULTRY anything with a personality I won't eat :) the options for me here were ENDLESS!! Best veggies, fantastic Crab, Delish Salads and OMG the candy apples for dessert HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!! CAN'T WAIT to go back :)
5	Best Vegas buffet. Hands down.
2	I hate to be a hater but this buffet doesn't live up to the hype. The floor manager was kind enough to help flag down servers who were horribly inattentive. I would be empathetic if it was Sunday brunch but on a Tuesday night... they need to get it together. All I really wanted was crab legs and champagne. Of the four legs I piled on my plate, one was completely frozen! Not to mention that the butter was scalding hot. I suffered a first degree burn trying to pour some into a container. (Slightly exaggerated but they did start pouring butter from a different container after a number of complaints.)Champagne was a great deal at $10 unlimited for pretty good bublly but having to flag down a server every time I needed a refill was annoying. Not once was I asked if I wanted more. I moved on from crab to lamb chops and was pleasantly surprise. They were marinated and absolutely eat-until-you-puke delicious. I did get scolded by the chef when I accidently dropped two because they slipped out of the tongs. --Not sure what's up with the back sass but things would be better if they worked on that. Slippery food + smooth tongs = disaster.  Nothing else is worth mentioning. I'm going to listen to Sal S. and try Bellagio.
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas.  Lots of good selection and good quality food.
4	I liked this buffet and only was there for breakfast, but was very pleased. The pastries and selection was amazing as to be expected. Things I really looked for in a fancy breakfast buffet are a smoked fish station for my bagel. The Wynn did not disappoint. I also tried the bellagio buffet. I would say they were about even. They both had things I liked and things I thought could have used some work. Considering the Bellagio buffet is almost $10 cheaper for breakfast I would have to say that's a better bet, but you really can't go wrong with either.
5	If I died and went to heaven, I imagine the divine kingdom to look exactly like this. Yes, my heaven is a ginormous room with endless food and talented chefs. I'm not waiting around for my judgment day to enjoy this enormous spread, $50 on earth to eat this much seems like a fair deal to me.Walking through the bright dining area lit with skylights, I felt like all that was missing was a harpist and a choir harmonizing. The flowers draped over the columns were really beautiful. I was so excited for natural light because this meant AWESOME PICTURES.Entering through the corridor of desserts was such a tease. I stumbled through, not looking straight to where I was walking because I was so transfixed by the cute desserts in the displays. Naturally, being the stereotypical tourist, my first inclination was to raise the camera and snap a picture. It wasn't long before my boyfriend caught wind of this and caught me mid-snap and hissed, "Not now!" and nudged me towards the rest of the food. I stood at the end of the dessert corridor, taking in the scenery that unfolded before me. Bustling chefs and cooks replenishing trays to keep up with the hungry guests, people walking around with a plate in each hand piled mile-high with crab claws and prime rib, the steam rising from the rows and rows of hotel pans. This was it. I was never going to leave. I have to say, I think I ate about four plates of food. Four plates of food = 8 plates of regular-person food. My friends know I don't operate under moderation and I will use whatever plate real estate is available to me, and start stacking when I lose surface area.Top two:#1 I can't rave enough about the crab claws. They are sliced in half for you. Say what??!? I just literally scoop out the meat out of the shell half with a fork, or just slurp it up with my mouth if I'm too impatient even to deal with a fork. They were just the right amount of salty and sweet and I think I had about 20 legs.#2 The prime rib was excellent. The guy cutting was really friendly and courteous. He also gave me food. Extra points for that. Anyone who gives me food is a friend. I asked for a rare piece, and rare piece is what I got. Every morsel of the bloody meat was delicious and I went back for seconds.Honorable mentions:Veal short rib. Juicy, tender, packed with flavors. I was a little sad some teenage kid before me took the entire tray on his plate and left me two pieces. By the time I got up for thirds, I was too full to eat more of the meats.Pear arugula salad with blue cheese crumbles and field greens. Excellent subtle flavor with sweet slices of pear and grapes.Crepes. Their crepes were humongous, and we shared two amongst 6 of us. The blueberry nutella cream crepe was my favorite. Desserts. After stuffing myself silly with all the regular food, the dessert station was a bit formidable because there were SO MANY. In any case, I still took one of each and sampled them with everyone else at the table. The mint chocolate chip mini cake was delicious. I was also highly amused by the shiny glitter on the red velvet cupcakes. So pretty! I leave this review with an excerpt from the Simpsons:Waiter: And for you sir? Homer: All you can eat! All you can eat! Waiter: Now, when you're ready take this plate up and... Homer: [already at buffet taking out a steam tray] Employee at restaurant: [panicking] No sir! Don't take the steam tray!
4	I recently ate at the Wynn Buffet and enjoyed every bite. They had a wide selection of foods which were all very good. The food tasted fresh and juicy. Nothing was over cooked and dry which you will find at most buffets. I loved their Arnold Palmers. Their dessert selection is one of the best in Vegas. (I have heard the wicked spoon at Cosmopolitan has more).  Their creme brulee was very light and fresh. I ate about 4 of them.A little tip, try to go right at the break between lunch and dinner. We were able to get in at 3pm for the lunch price. Tasted a bit of their lunch menu, and then at 3:30 the dinner menu came out so we were able to eat all their dinner foods but at the low lunch price. By the end of the meal we were so stuffed we couldn't even eat dinner.
4	Splendid!  I'm pretty surprised I haven't reviewed this gem before.  Came late on a Friday night and was worried they were going to skimp me on the goodies but they kept the food fresh, hot and constant.  Now this buffet can be a bit confusing as it operates from right-to-left and goes clear across in a very specific order from salads, horsd'vouvres, appetizers, to entrees (regional) all the way down to the seafood but if you start from the beginning you will hit everything correctly.I was not impressed with the desserts section but honestly, with all that tasty food I didn't need a dessert section... but the gelato and creme brulee did add a nice cherry on top.Pricing is quite reasonable too.
5	This was definitely my favourite of the buffets I've visited. It wasn't just the food, but the decor is one of a kind, with an outside and inside patio. The desserts section was so beautifully set up, I even ended up taking photos of it.The salad section is great, especially the caesar salad. There's usually a lady there who would serve you the salad. Otherwise, there's soups, entrees, SEAFOOD!!! The seafood section is delicious!!!This beats Bellagio anyday. Oh, and get this, it's cheaper too!
3	Okay so I decided to pay for dinner her for me and someone else on a Friday night which cost me some serious $ but I took the risk anyways. I had really high expectations, and my experience here didn't really make me want to come back again.I thought the food was okay. The presentation, of course, was beautiful and the seating area is really extravagant and nice as well. Yes, there was prime rib and crab legs, but I didn't think there was anything special about either. The desserts were bad.
3	As far as the buffets go on the strip I think this one is one of the better ones. Service is good and so are the choices. I tried Bellagio, Paris and Wynn buffets on this trip and IMO Paris and Wynn were acceptable. Bellagio was just horrendous. I think there are better choices out there if you go to a proper restaurant but for buffets this one of the better one.
2	NOTE: this is a review update that compares with past reviewrecession has hit the wynn buffet. how? no more rack of lamb (rack of lamb is better than shoulder or the leg, way more tender, it's way more expensive, check costco).  the crab leg is not Alaskan king crab legs.  the only uniqueness about the buffet is the customized pasta station.  i myself have said this is the best buffet in vegas, but now it is not anymore.
1	It used to be a great buffet place, at least when I was there in Nov 2010. But now it sucks!!!My friends and I was there a couple of weeks ago. We waited in line for 20 minutes when they have plenty of empty seats inside. When we got in, the food selection wasn't as impressive as I remembered. The taste and quality was just so-so. It's definitely not on the same level as the high price they are asking for. The desserts were average as well. I was so disappointed and none of us was satisfied with our food. Now I know which place I won't go back again!
5	The Buffet at Wynn continues to impress!  (How have I not reviewed this place yet?!)  Spread the news - THIS is the buffet to experience if you're only going to one in Vegas!  That's why there's always a line, right?  A quick 25 minute wait for a recent weekend brunch around noon, $31.95 later, and we are in!  Great selection of a wide variety of foods.  Some of my personal favorites from this last trip:- Congee with Taiwanese donut fritters (first time I've seen that at a buffet outside of an Asian one!) - Steamed BBQ pork buns- Butternut squash risotto with cherries- Peppercorn crusted bacon- Prime rib (always a great buffet staple)- Missed out on the crab legs that they only bring out after 3:30p...And you can't forget the one whole ROOM dedicated to more than 20 dessert options!!  Make sure you save room to try one of everything!  I only had enough room in the belly for 6 options  =(  Love that they have gelato too - one of each flavor please!  PS - do NOT get the red velvet cupcake, it's horrible!  (the only bad thing I'll say about this place)What impressed me most is, despite the hype, it continues to be impressive year after year.  Hopefully it stays that way until my next trip!
3	I'm not usually a buffet person, but this one is pretty grood.  Lots of choices (keep in mind, I went for breakfast so I wasn't looking for the lamb), and service was pretty decent.  Nothing too unusual or exciting which was sad, but definitely something for everyone.  Food isn't top quality, but it's a buffet so I wasn't expecting a whole lot.
5	wynnING! I've been coming to the Wynn Buffet since it opened (with my parents of course haha) but I'll review my most recent experience. I came around 3:30 - right at the cut off between lunch and dinner but I didn't mind since it was only at $8 difference (on Holidays, dinner prices can be around $50).It was just as good as I remembered! -King crab legs are nicely sliced in half for your convenience.  -I'm still always amused by the salad in the cups -Always stocked with hot plates-AWESOME DESSERT SECTION..ROOM. THING. Sweet tooth lover's paradise. Delicious gelato. They had SPARKLY red velvet cakes this time. perfectly torched creme brulee-Even their asian cuisine section is on par. I seriously ate enough for 5 people - no joke. Yum. Only complaint was that the service was very slow this time around (took forever to take away plates, even the table next to us comment "do I really have to bus my own plates now?") But, honestly the food at the Wynn makes up for everything. Plus I always make a stop at the Wynn when I'm in Vegas. :)
1	We had high hope before coming to the buffet. This buffet is certainly not worth $40 a piece. I had the dinner buffet on a wednesday night. Food varieties were very limited. Sea bass was not very impressive. And to be honest, I don't think it's Sea Bass. 7 out of 10 beverage glasses on the table are dirty.  The Curry doesn't have any taste. Other than the fruit pancake & creme brulee, desserts were not outstanding either. ,& are okay.  I'll not pay full price for this. I was trying to eat my $40 worth of food back, I don't think I did
4	This is a pretty good buffet, by all means.  I would say that most things still look better than they taste, but they avoid one of the fatal flaws of most Las Vegas hotel buffets: trying too hard to do too many things.  They keep it simple here instead of trying to fake ethnic food they simply cannot authentically reproduce.  I've also been impressed by some of the breakfast items (a buffet with eggs benedict?) and disappointed by just as many, but on the whole it is beautiful and edible.  Particularly the desserts.
5	Most decadent & amazing options ever for vegan & meat eaters alike. I have stayed here numerous times over the years for work & they have upgraded the buffet to really have options for all kinds of dietary restrictions. The bruchetta (sp) was to die for! Yummy!! Best buffet in Vegas hands down!
5	After requesting rapid refill service at my table during brunch, my waiter was kind enough to furnish my spot with 2 champagne glasses! This permitted maximal imbibing, which is often limited by service time at other buffets.The Roast Beef was excellent, and very juicy. My only complaint was the lack of oysters on the half shell and seafood pizza.The dessert selection was superior to the Bellagio's buffet. I don't recall clearly leaving the restaurant, but most of my clothes required laundering after exposure to this buffet.
1	I want to curse everyone I know who recommended this craptacular buffet. I don't even know where to start. First, my husband and I just got married on Saturday and this was our first dinner after getting hitched. Everyone told us that the Wynn is where it's at. It's the hottest buffet in town! Yeah!Second, NO IT IS NOT. It's absurdly overpriced at more than $50 a person for dinner. What do you get for that princely sum? *Some cold crab legs (it's NOT King Crab, either, despite what others are saying)*Shrimp cocktail (several of which weren't even deveined. GROSS. Shrimp poop does not go with prime rib) * A bunch of other unremarkable crap you can find at any other buffet on the Strip. Third, the interminable WAIT. We waited for an hour, thinking it would be worth it. We're suckers.The prime rib was decent, however, and there was some really good mushroom risotto. But those two things in no way justify the price or the wait or the raves this place gets. The only thing that could have made our experience worse is if we had coughed up the extra $12 to skip the line. This only confirms my belief that the nicest hotels don't necessarily have the nicest buffets - the Bellagio buffet is no great shakes, either. Stick with the Rio or Paris and you can't lose. Now, who do I see to get my $50 and my 60 minutes back?
2	I'm not a big fan of buffets in general, but this is a pretty bad buffet for the price.  You get a lot of options; salad bar, soups, italian, prime rib, indian, asian, seafood, etc. but none of them are really good.  After a long day of losing money, lounging at a pool or getting over a hangover, I would like a nice juicy steak or at least a few good pieces of chicken with some good sides of vegetables and some bread. This place offered a prime rib that seemed overcooked, some weird squashes and hard dinner rolls. Score!The best thing I had there was a sea bass dish and I don't even like seafood, so I don't know if that's a compliment to the seafood or a criticism of the rest of the food they offer.  Probably the latter.  Actually, I take that back, the best thing I had there was the dessert.  I think that's the only reason I give this place 2 stars instead of one.
2	Here's the deal: Long Lines - Overpriced - Good Service - Average Food.I would LOVE IT if Steve would actually eat in his own buffet so he could see what it has become. When we were here years past the quality of the food was so much better (but the service was lacking). Now it's the opposite-- the service is good but you can really notice the decline in the food (cuts of meat, etc). And, two small glasses of wine will set you back a good $25. I know it's the strip and I don't mind paying $40 a person IF the food is good (you'd pay that in a decent restaurant anywhere else). My problem is that the Wynn prides itself on quality... Actually, to be honest I've decided I now officially hate buffets. I can't stand watching people stuffing themselves and coming back to their table with plates piled high with 50+ crab legs. Not to mention the amount of food that is wasted is ridiculous. People, what have we become? BTW, if you want a good buffet, skip the Wynn and head over to the new one at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
2	You have to wait in a long line. For overpriced, average food. $35 a person?! You serious?The food was salty and oh, the limited selection...The crab legs sucked. Butter tasted like crap. Veal ribs were alright. Prime rib was good. The turkey was mehhh. The lamb leg(?) was dry and tasteless. The pasta station was pretty cool. It wasn't too bad either. Except the sauce was watery instead of creamy.Everything else was wayyyyy too salty for me to try more than a nibble.The dessert section (I am a fiend for sweets) sucked. The ice cream had some serious frost. The creme brulee...eggs were whipped too long and I can taste the 1:3 water in place of cream. No flavor at all and watered down. WTH?The cakes and such were dry or pasty.
4	The prices for lunch and dinner may be a little steeper than other buffets, but definitely worth it.  This is my definite go to buffet to this day, and I've been here on multiple occasions since the grand opening.  The only other comprable buffet is the Wicked Spoon, which opened not too long ago at the Cosmo.  Service is always great, but the line can be long, so line up early.  The dining area itself is beautiful, and the food just tastes of a higher quality.Some memorable items: King crab legs that are pre-crackedJumbo shrimp that is pre-peeledPrime rib that is cooked just how you want itFlank steakA wide variety of desertsPROTIP:  Come late at lunch, around 3, and they start bringing out the dinner food even though you get in for lunch prices!
4	A thumbs up for this buffet!  The price is upon the expensive side, but the service and the selection of food is top notch as well.  I thought I would be ready to tackle the different stations strategically by eating only one bit per dish but I just couldn't stick to my own rule!  There were quite a few dishes that I just kept coming back for... fruit salad w/yogurt (not sure the name), crab cakes, pad thai, shrimp,...etc.  And I haven't even gotten to the dessert bar yet.  Definitely leave room for the dessert because... gelato, apple turnover, cake pops, mini cupcakes.... ahhh, not enough room in my tummy.  Too bad, I'll just have to come back again next time.
2	Went here for dinner with two of my friends. It sucked. I'm not sure how they feel about it though. Didn't like anything on my plate. I left within less than an hour I believe. I just know that I wasn't there too long like how I'm suppose to be if I'm dining out at a buffet. Maybe because I had two full glasses of Pineapple juice and got full off of it but still, I remember saying "Bellagio Buffet is way better" even before I got full. Not much to say but I wouldn't come back here again and my $50 back.
3	The buffet was okay. I was expecting more. Even though they had a lot to choose from, I was still expecting a better selection of food. They hit  up all the different kinds of food, but it was lacking in quality. From premade salads to cheeses, to Indian, Asian, Mediterranean, to last but not least, seafood. I tried a few crab legs, but they were really dry to me. And I didn't want seconds of anything I got. What I was really excited for was their dessert area. So many desserts! Creme brulee, bread pudding, ice cream, all sorts of other little cakes and pies. I should have just gone straight to the sweets. :) I would not go back to this buffet again. And the waitresses have to wear some pretty ugly uniforms.
4	good lunch buffet and wide selection of food to choose from. Dessert selection is
3	To me, this buffet is overrated. I think Bellagio has much better selections. The seafood selections are very limited. Basically, the only valuable item there was the king crab legs. Other items were just average. Chinese food there is atrocious!! Desserts were pretty good there. But for nearly $40 buffet in Vegas, I thought there are better options.
3	I guess I will be one of the few dissenters here. I went there for brunch and thought it was okay. Their waffles were way too dense and benedicts were unappetizing. The ceviche was overloaded with herbs and flavors so I couldn't distinguish the seafood. I was happy that they had prime rib and leg of lamb, both of which were good. The bread pudding was probably my favorite thing here. The best thing about the Buffet is the huge array of food, but that doesn't matter too much when you don't enjoy the majority of it.
4	I had this buffet the day after the buffet at the Bellagio. While it was very nice it was a tad less enjoyable then the Bellagio for me. Wynn did have a better dessert selection though which is awesome of course. The buffet is also more organized then at Bellagio but that isn't really a big deal. I recall the prime rib, mashed potatoes and dim sum pork buns as the best dinner items. So many great desserts to choose from, the crepe station, gellato,lemon meringue 'pie' (in a shot glass, still good), umm bread pudding, etc.. I love sushi so their sushi sucked. Unless you're poor it's hard to go wrong deciding to at least try this place out, you'll probably love it even more then me.
2	My sister loved the buffet here so when our family trip came around, my whole family decided to eat here. I mainly wanted to come because my sister said they serve macarons here, but today they did not. :(The wait was about 30 min and I was starving by the time I was seated. So I did what every kid in a candy shop would do, but instead I am an adult and I am at a buffet- I got everything in site. I also went straight for the crab legs (like a good little Asian that I am and wanted to get my money's worth). The crab legs were alright, you can't really go wrong with that, but everything else was SO salty.I had all the different types of pasta- all very saltySushi- salty again!Garlic Bread- delicious!Some sort of green fish with squash or string beans- salty but good!Mango jerk chicken- dry!The whole Mediterranean section was good! But you really can't go wrong with pita and hummus. Then they also have this cute cracker and dried meats and cheese section. It was nice presentation and all but nothing worth 40 bucks.Prime rib was very bloody good so PLEASE GET THIS! When the chef was giving me my prime rib, he said ni hao ma (which would be nice if i were chinese but I'm not LOL. at least he tried)Desserts were alright- gelato, small cakes, crepes, candied apples, cookies- I have never met a dessert I didn't like so it was all good to me!IMPORTANT PART- if ambiance/atmosphere/presentation is important to you, then wynn buffet is perfect for you! Its very beautiful to look at and the food is presented in a nice way. Also, wynn's bathrooms are so gorgeous! The whole decor just seems very versailles-ish at the buffet. (maybe its because I just recently saw Marie Antoinette and now I see everything that way). Although, I honestly like Rio's seafood buffet better even though its not at a pretty place.
3	Was the Best Buffet when they opened but now they are ok. Went there on Sunday Brunch. Paid bout 80$ for 2Food was ok quality wasnt so good at it was. Would nt go there on sunday. We waited 40 min.
3	I've heard a lot about this place, but honestly, it was a disappointment.  I went in at 2:50, right before the cut-off for lunch, paid the lunch price and ate the dinner.  I asked the cashier what's the main difference between lunch and dinner and she said essentially the seafood.  For dinner they have crab legs and cocktail shrimp.  They also switched in some lamb, baby veel and roast beef.  Everything else remained relatively the same.The good: smoked salon, pulled-pork on corn bread, freshly made crepes (but not very good), good selection of desserts, korean bbq glazed kobe beef are among the few that i enjoyed. The bad: laking in the sushi department for sure.  Nothing like unagi (eel), sashimi (raw fish), hand rolls or anything like that.  It was also a lot smaller than some other ones, so obviously the variety is a lot smaller.  There was only one main cutting station for meat, and one on the side that served a fish dish).  Overall, spending $27 for the meal and getting lunch and dinner may be worth it, but spending $40 for dinner, NOT WORTH IT.  If you're looking for a dinner place, just keep moving until the Wynn is our of your sight!
1	Totally disappointed. Crab legs were small, sushi selection was poor. The Bellagio Buffet is WAY better!!
4	After reading other Yelpers reviews I want to eat at the Bellagio buffet now. But I actually enjoyed this buffet. The concierge told us that there is usually an hour wait to come here. We waited about ten minutes. I like how there are several stations where they serve it to you, like the crepe station and the prime rib station. The dessert station was wonderful. I wished I could have had room to eat more.
3	The Wynn buffet was alright, nothing too special.  Though I must say, the king crab legs and prime rib were pretty good.  Everything else was mediocre and I wasn't too impressed by the overall dinner menu.  The desserts, however, are much better and there are so many to choose from!  The little gelato cups were super cute!  The creme brulee was a bit too sweet for my taste but tasty after i took off the top layer of melted sugar.  The cake that's made of spices (forgot what it's called) was kind of whack.  I took a bite and it was just WEIRD.  Other than that, I recall everything else being pretty decent and okay to eat.  The buffet itself was a two but I give the Wynn buffet a three because of the desserts.
4	Very showy presentation. The dessert room was the best part.... and the KING CRAB LEGS. But at $50/person, I rather go to the Bellagio.And if you gamble, its pretty easy to score 2 free buffets.
1	All four of us were sadly disappointed. We were expecting crab, sliders, chicken, etc. and instead we saw stunted shrimp cocktail, cold cereal, dry omelets, etc. The selection was poor and the quality about average. The service was also lacking; we didn't have anyone to bring water until after we'd already eaten our first plate. My bf asked for a coke and was forgotten. After paying $40 for our brunch and fighting for basic service, we filled up on the only decently good items we found: mashed potatoes, bacon, rice...sad times. After trying to make the best of it we became increasingly unhappy with the food and service and complained. We were told that since we had been there over 20 minutes we could not be comped but they would talk to the chef. We will not be coming back. I'm sure it's a different deal for dinner but if you want brunch, don't waste your time here. Bellagio would be a better bet.
4	Sooo flippin good! I'm not a buffet person--they actually gross me out. The win comped us two buffet passes, so we decided to check it out. They had a great selection of everything. My favorite was the butternut quash risotto. I could get enough of it. the french toast was really good. My husband could enough of their raw seafood bar. Definitely worth it!
4	Now, don't let the simple name mislead you - this is a quality buffet.  It definitely runs more towards the high end like the rest of the Wynn, but you certainly get some quality for your money.  Both times I've been here, my friends and I came for brunch, so I'm not really sure what the dinner menu is like.  However, if their brunch is any indication, I imagine it's pretty good.Beyond the usual breakfast dishes (scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, etc.), they included less common items like grits and eggs benedict, and there was even an omelet station as well.  As expected, the food was pretty diverse (American, Asian, Mexican, Pizza, fruits/salad, seafood) and there was the usual butcher station, but I was really impressed that they had congee.  I mean, it wasn't great congee, but it was still decent enough for a buffet.  My favorites were the eggs benedict and the prime rib though.  A little heavy to eat that much meat to start the day off, but it was delicious.My friends seemed to think the desserts were pretty good, and I've seen a number of reviews mention that the creme brulee is something to try, but I can't say for sure myself (I was too full for dessert).  Overall, the food is great, but it's not cheap (about $37 a head?).  In comparison, I think Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan had more good dishes to offer (and was a bit cheaper), but I think Wynn is a little more consistent (not many misses).You know, even though Vegas was a while ago, there are still times where I feel like I'm still full from all the eating on our trip.
5	I was a little disappointed that they raised prices, but given the high quality of the food offerred at this buffet, it's okay. Whenever I go to Vegas with friends, we always make an effort to go to this buffet and hit up the mimosa brunch. I just went with 17 other people this past weekend.Best item offered after 3p.m.: CRAB LEGS. YUM!Their dessert area is to die for! Unfortunately, I had too much mimosa this time around and didn't bother standing up until after we left. Till next Vegas trip, Wynn Buffet!
3	Went to brunch with girlfriends. The food was delicious although very heavy on the breakfast side of brunch. I would've liked go see it more even. I say the M wins best Brunch. The staff was very friendly. I would like to go back for dinner and see how it measures up.
5	Went here for the 3rd time with my friends. Was skeptical at first because of my 2nd visit, but i was really shocked in my satisfaction! These are the things I remembered:-Cha seew baos-Mashed potatoes-Veal boneless short ribs -- GET THIS ONE!!!!!!-prime rib-6 flavors of gelato-warm brownie for dessert. Lots of yummy desserts! Leave room in your stomach for this!-bottomless champagne or bottomless mimosas for $10!!!! Such a deal. Didn't know about this until after our meal was over...I think it is there well-kept secret.I will be returning in my next Vegas trip!  Everyone else loved the buffet too. Tip: go at 4:30pm. Work up an appetite by starving yourself all day.
5	One of the best buffets in Vegas!Btw, the wait time is not so exciting. Don't let the short lines fool you. I jumped in glee when I thought the wait would be short, but we ended up waiting over an hour. I don't know why they claim to be so full and busy when there were so many empty tables upon walking in. But the quality and the selection really make up for it.
3	I wanted to try this, because it's always on top of the Vegas buffet lists online. We got there at around 12:30 Pm for lunch (horrible idea!). The line was long, and we waited for about 30 minutes before getting in. The inside was clean and spacious. I was disappointed with the food selection. There was a very small selection of seafood (although everything they had is fresh). I also didn't like the fact that the roast beef was cold. There was a decent selection of dessert. I usually divide up my buffet stomach to 50% regular food and 50% dessert. While there was a selection of dessert to choose from, nothing sparked my interest. I was very disappointed.
4	Just went there last weekend and got there around 6pm and there's no line! It was about $45/person after tax and the food was great! Good selection. Funny enough, the line formed inside - everyone was lining up for the crab legs station! Highly recommend it to anyone who loves buffet!
4	I was overall pretty satisfied with the Wynn Buffet.Highlights:- salad bar - freshly mixed salads, I ate so much Caesar- shrimp - I actually liked the shrimp more than the crab legs- hargow dumpling - was surprisingly not bad!- mashed potatoes - so rich, smooth, and creamy- veal short ribs - tasted like pork belly!Pass:- sushi - not good- salads in the glass cups by the cold seafood section - only ok- chocolate covered marshmallow - cute, but hardThey had all the staples, crab legs, shrimp, prime ribs, etc.  Also their dessert bar was great...and cute!One of the more pricier buffets, but I think the quality makes it worth it.  Yum yum.
3	I was disappointed in the buffet.  It was recommended to us by my wife's girlfriend who goes to Vegas regularly.  The sign said they have king crab.  I should has just walked in to take a look first because paying.  It was snow crab, not the advertised king crab.  They didn't have any other kind of shell fish other than the snow crab and shrimp for shrimp cocktail.  You would usually find some clams and mussels at a buffet in one of the main casinoes.  I don't know if Sunday night has anything to do with it, but they didn't have that many of the food you would expect from a $35 buffet.  The prime rib was decent but not over cooked.  The prime rib was the only meat they offered at the carving station.The only good thing from the buffet is the dessert.  Their creme brulee is very good and rivals that of a high end restaurant.  The "gelato" is very good.  I don't think it's really like gelato, but everything in Vegas is called gelato now.Definitely ask them to go in and take a look at the food offer before you commit your money.
3	Still one of the better buffets in town, but slipping. Impress with the pork loin and braised beef spare ribs. The sea bass over the mahi-mahi. Squash risotto over the gnocchi. I confess I got some of the watery crab legs as well but nothing special. Har gow, not really Chinese, if you know what I mean. Biggest disappointment was the carved meats. They lack flavor and tasted dried under the heating lamps. The dessert display was heaven for the GF. She liked the crepes and loved both the creme brulee and creme puff pastry. I liked the gelato. Service was decent but could have been more attentive. Wanted to show the guys a Vegas buffet. Also like many people, we were thinking we can save some money by eating here on a Friday night. Wrong. Don't make that assumption with any buffet on the Strip. Overall, in the buffet category, I believe this is still one of the better ones. But I wasn't satisfy on this trip as I was previously. Guess, you can't be on top forever. But still a worthwhile option.
4	They should have a big ass sign on the left stations that says in big bold letters: BEWARE OF ASIANS LOADING UP ON CRAB AND SEAFOOD.  There's something for everyone at the Wynn buffet - I've been here enough times to know that the following items will be awesome and worth the price of admission alone:  the cheeses, charcuterie and olives, smoked salmon, gelato, creme brulee (note how shallow the dish is? that's deliberate so as to maximize the caramelized sugar to custard ratio), sauteed morning glory.  What mostly keeps Wynn from five stars is the fact that I'm usually not that impressed by the prime rib and other carvery. Often I get stuck with the brown ass ends.  I'm probably not AZN enough to swoop in when the meat is pink and glistening.  Also, the attempts of the buffet to represent various ethnic cuisines is admirable but come on, this is Vegas!  You really expect baba ghanoush made by an assembly line in the 702 to taste like the real thing? There's a ton of other stuff in the buffet that they might as well just not even try to make - they just look sad (ie., the million cerviches, pastas, and other misc. filler cafeteria style dishes).  On the other hand, the smoked salmon is the best I've ever had - there is not even a trace of fishiness and there's a million accouterments that can accompany it. And the other before mentioned things are really really really damn good.  Save some room for dessert! The crepes and gelato are a lot of fun.
3	I liked the ambiance of the buffet and the selection they had... but I don't know... I can't say I was fully satisfied especially with the price I had to pay (~$40 on a Sunday afternoon).They had quite a selection of foods of different cuisines all around the world. I was impressed because the food served are not usually what typical buffets have. But honestly there was not really one thing that stood out.I guess if anything stood out, it was the crab legs (I just love crab legs by default) and the desserts. I loved how they had gelato, creme brulee, and a crepe station. Those are the highlights for me.Would I go here again? Probably not. As my first real trip to Vegas I thought going to the Wynn buffet would be the ideal choice but I guess not. I would probably try the buffets at Bellagio or the Rio next time i'm in town.
5	Sooooo good. Great quality, get there early, skip lunch and be there when they open for dinner otherwise the line is crazy.It's pricey for a buffet, but loved it.  I usually hate buffets but I was entertaining out of town guests.  Would go again.  A couple of things they could do better, but so what, who can't.
4	This is a solid buffet.  It is not the cheapest, but for $15.00 you can add a champagne "bump" which means refills on mimosas, champagne or bloody mary's.  The service is decent, but not great.  i.e. you may average about three to four re-fills.  Lots of Asian folks digging into the crab legs like all buffets.  The sorbet/gelato is great (especially the coconut), the rest of the desserts are good not great.  The main entree selections are great as are the salad and sushi.  I will say however that this still doesn't rival my favorite buffet (the one at Paris).  The food is fresh (a must) but not as well seasoned as I would like.  The lines are long, be prepared to wait a bit.  Still, it is better than some of the older buffets now and if you dont' want to battle people at the newest buffets, it is still a solid contender.
4	Definitely one of the best buffets in Las Vegas!  However, with this it is important to know it does not come cheap.  I dined here yesterday for brunch and several times over the last few years.  Sunday brunch starts at $31.95.    They have a great selection of food including: omelets, prime rib, french toast, pancakes, sausage, eggs, pizza, shrimp cocktail, sushi and the list goes on.  Everything they serve is fantastic and of quality.   I definitely think that the dinner buffet is better as they also include crab legs.  The desserts were just okay.  It can be hit or miss.  Lines are usually long.  If you are going here on a weekend expect long lines.  Thus, it is best to go early.  As for dinner, the lines are usually insane, so it is best to get there around 4-5pm to beat the crowd.  :)
5	The only buffet I went to in Vegas so I guess it is the best one!! Saturday afternoon - estimated wait time - 10 minutes. Cost - dinner price, roughly $40. Service - fantastic, w/ a smile. So let me just say not only was it the best buffet in Vegas but it was pretty much the best one I've ever been to. There was all types of salads, soups (clam chowder!! AHHH, yea i had to get it even though it was 100 degrees outside, the soup was screaming my name, and you know what? it was one tasty clam chowder!), asian food, italian food, lamb (yummm!!!) etc. There was a short wait for the crabs and shrimp cocktail but the wait is worth it for the good food! So fill up your plate - I sure did. Don't be embarrassed, they'll replenish the food. Then the dessert. oh my. After about 2 hrs of stuffing ourselves, I thought I wouldn't be able to handle the dessert. But man, once it was on my plate, I couldn't let it go to waste. They had these kiwi jello things in a cute little shot glass, gelato of all flavors in a teacup, cake, etc. Can't wait to go back to Vegas and check out the other buffets!!
3	I went super early for dinner here so there was no wait, but there was a long line as we were leaving. The restaurant has lots of seating, so I don't imagine the wait is too long.There's a nice salad bar, several different soups, antipasto selections, various buns and bread, pastas as well as a custom pasta station where the chefs make your pasta right in front of you. At the meat carving station, I believe each day they have different options. The day I went, it was turkey and prime rib. The prime rib was AMAZING. It was so tender, and done medium rare, just the way I like it. I had to go back for seconds, it was that good. There's a few selections of Indian cuisine as well as Chinese, sushi, and a chilled seafood section (of course, Alaskan king crab legs).The desserts are in an entirely different section, where it's like its own separate shop full o' sweet things.Gelato, cakes, baked goods, fresh fruit, and a crepe station.The rating is a little low because while the selection was great, the tastes of the food wasn't as great. The custom tom yum soup was super salty, the veal shortribs were a tad dry, and the stir fried Asian vegetables were absolutely soaked in oil and probably had more than its fair share of MSG. The desserts didn't get any better either: the red velvet cupcakes were dry, most of the cakes were way too sweet, and there was something off about the crepes. It could've been the chocolate sauce, or the strong taste of Pam that the chef used to make the crepe.Despite some of the lackluster food, I did enjoy the butternut squash risotto, the orecchiette with creamy pesto sauce, and of course, the prime rib (I'll be dreaming about it for months). The baked chocolate brownie was yummy despite the nuts, and the gelato was delicious.$40 for dinner is a pretty standard Vegas buffet price, and with the Wynn, the ingredients they use are not as common (or cheap) as what other hotel buffets offer, so it's a good deal. I just wasn't completely blown away by the food.
1	not worth it!!! The food was OK just like the other buffet on the strip and nothing surprise me beside the price!
5	As far as buffets go it doesn't get any better then this.  If you haven't tried it before it's a must for both tourists and locals.  I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	Hands down, best buffet in Vegas. I don't usually eat crab legs.. but since I paid $40+ for this buffet, I tried to eat my money's worth. I loved their selection of food ranging from tom yum kai soup to the little chocolate covered marshmellows (DROOOOL). All I can say, this is definitely the one stop I need to make every time I come back to vegas.
2	We got there around 8:45 and waited for 1 hour. We noticed there were a lot of seating available, but they made us wait?... The food was good, but is it really $50 worth per person? NO!
4	I don't like buffets.  The quality is usually terrible, the food is usually warm and the selection is a huge variety of ok food.  In Vegas that's usually not the case!We dropped by the Wynn Buffet for brunch and they have a pretty large selection going on.  They had salmon out first thing in the morning!  There were few varieties of fruit bowls some fresh seafood, salmon benedict and  the usual bacon, eggs, sausages etc...There was fresh ham they were carving and a lot of other goodies and pastries!The salmon benedict and salmon was really good.  The bacon was a lot better than most buffet bacon which is limp and oily as well as the sausages and eggs.  The winner of the morning for me were these little hash brown or hash potatoes but WOW!  They were little has browns stuffed with some delicious gooey cheese.  I wanted to get a defibrillator on hand so that I could eat a plate of those damn hash browns.  They were absolutely one of my favourite potatoes ever!I hear dinner service has an insane amount of crab and shrimp.  I may have to try that on another trip!
4	Woh fresh slab of honey baked BACON!!!  I'm talking about a whole slab carved to your liking right next to the prime rib. This thing was amazing.  Glutony had me going up about 3 times which I definitely do not regret.  As for the rest of the food...eh.  I mean yes quality it was good but diversity also, not so much.
2	The wait was luckily very short, but the price was still outrageous. Almost $40 for a buffet? Better be the best damn buffet in the world.Sadly, that it was not. The king crab legs that everyone kept lining up for were cold and tasteless, the prime rib that night was just... meat, and the desserts were pretty generic. The only dish I really enjoyed was the veal scallopini. Maybe I've been spoiled by all the Yelp adventuring I've done this past year, where I go to restaurants that specialize in specific cuisines/dishes. But for such an expensive restaurant (of such high repute), I expected better.Next time, I'm trying the Bellagio.
3	The wait for the buffet at 5:30pm was relatively short compared to the queue being full by the time we left. I really like the red and butterfly theme throughout the Wynn hotel, but was not so much a fan of the buffet's decor. There were bright and mismatched colors all over the place. Heck, the hosts wear pink suits! I wouldn't call it so much of an eyesore but I was just not a fan.The buffet line covered everything from asian and shellfish to american and italian, and can't forget desserts! The prime rib was very soft and tender. The best I have had in Vegas so far. The crab was cold and some were mushy. I prefer hot/steamed crab over cold crab. I liked the butter dispenser rather than pouring your own. Not a fan of the dessert selection. There was a crepe station but I did not like it. I can't believe they don't have bananas for the crepes! They also have gelato in addition to their cute desserts in the little cups. I liked the warm brownies and creme brule.Overall, it was just okay for me. Nothing spectacular stood out and it is a bit pricey for what you get.
4	Good: veal shortribs, lamb, smoked salmon, thai beef salad, deserts (pecan pie), crab legsBad: tom yum soupMy family and I came here for dinner one night after reading a lot of good reviews on Yelp.  I wasn't disappointed!  We didn't have to wait long either because we got there right around 5:30-5:40, just before it got crazy.  My favorite item there were the veal short ribs.  MMmmmmm!  The meat just fell off the bone and was SO tasty.  It practically melted in your mouth.  I probably went up for food 4 times and each time I came back with two ribs.  The lamb dish was good.  The smoked salmon and mustard section was GREAT and I loved the capers to go along with it.  The thai beef salad was very good, as were the crab legs and everyone LOVED the dessert selection!  I had two pieces of pecan pie :-)A couple people tried the tom yum soup and said it was too sour.  Sometimes I don't understand why they even try to make asian foods in these types of buffets.  Whatever...The price is expensive, so we only came here once.  My wife is a bit picky and thought this place was just ok but I thought it was very good.  Good enough to try again, yes definitely.  Good enough to come here on consecutive nights?  Yes but not at that price.
4	Selection wasn't great, but on the stuff they do have it was perfect. Pasta, meats, salads, desert. The crab legs and shrimp could be bigger, and other places that are cheaper have them better. But when you come here, you don't want the eat crab legs and shrimp, cause that's everywhere. Here you want the cooked foods, and hot food stations where they make it to order. Same for the deserts. Service was great also, clear plates fast and smiles every time.
4	Went to my first and only Las Vegas buffet on a quick weekday trip with friends and decided to go to The Buffet at Wynn.  We went on a Wednesday night and the wait wasn't long at all (maybe 15-20 minutes). The decor of the place is nice, whimsical in an Alice in Wonderland sort of way and definitely better than any other buffet I've been to.The selection is pretty vast and there are options for almost everyone. The proteins were more seafood heavy which was a bummer for me who only eats certain types of seafood. I tried the prime rib and it was only so-so. By far my favorite parts were the salads at the beginning of the line, some of the asian dishes towards the end, the miniature creme brulees and the gelatos. We spent 2 hours here and left very, very full.Overall I was pleased with the buffet...the dishes were somewhat above normal dishes one would eat even if the execution was off. The layout is also very open and big which is nice because you can easily maneuver and move around people if you know what you want. I enjoyed coming here for the variety and experience.
3	For $36 per person on Sat night, and being rated the #1 buffet in Vegas, we expected more seafood selection than just cold king crab legs and maki, there is no sushi or sashimi to our disappointment. The selection is poorer than Todai buffet. The deserts are all great though to their pastry chief's credit!
4	This was my first and only buffet in Vegas. We had read a lot of positive things about the Wynn buffet on Yelp so we decided to give it a go for a Sunday brunch.  My wife and I arrived around 12:30 and had to wait for 30 minutes before we could get in, which I thought wasn't too bad for a weekend brunch.We sampled a bunch of different stuff. My wife found the fruit to be of really high quality. She couldn't stop going back for more of the strawberries and grapefruit in a cup with mint. We went up a number of times. I personally found the beef barbacoa with coleslaw on cornbread to be really good! The deserts were a bit too sweet for our liking.It was a cool experience but I wouldn't necessarily repeat it on the same trip to vegas.
4	everything was amazing, i just loved it.
3	Buffets are here to just make you full, they aren't here to serve super fine dining, just there to supply you with as much food as possible.The price was about 42 bux  per person for dinner, add 18% for a big party, so about 49 bux total each, damn, there better be a wide selection of good eats. So I grab my plate and immediately go to the prime rib because everyone is raving about it, grab some green beans, some crab legs, head back and dig in. The prime rib was actually pretty good minus the crazy amount of salt on the sides, the green beans were pretty good but I just kept going back to the crab legs. Had to get my moneys worth from that thing. The seabass was pretty good and I forgot the other fish, but that was pretty good too. Grab some ice cream on the way out, some deserts were just bad, some were pretty decent.I didn't get to try everything because a lot of it didn't look appealing, but overall it was pretty decent, although the service seemed slow with the drinks, why these buffets don't just add a fountain drink machine is weird.
5	Not the biggest buffet but the food is definitely top notch, plus they have an entirely separate room dedicated to desserts only so loosen your belt another notch!The king crab legs are cut in half so no crab cracking tools are needed. Pro tip: ask them to steam your plate for you if you don't like your crab legs cold.The rest of the buffet selection is also tasty and well presented. I liken this buffet to fine dining but bite sized portions, perfect for those trying to take down the whole buffet, I've tried and failed on several occasions. Guys, there's always beautiful women walking around in this buffet dressed like they're about to club.Women, heels at a buffet? really? I guess it's Vegas rightttt?
5	One of my favorite buffets, ever!  The food is amazingly fresh, and there is a decent variety.  I'm probably one of the few who actually take advantage of their congee during brunch.. I love it, it's like comfort food for when you're tired and trying to recover from just being in vegas.  I also like the fruit in cups, that 1 lychee in a cup was a plus.  I also like things that you can't find anywhere else.. here they had like a salmon that's wrapped in doughy-goodness (kind of like a wellington), and I enjoyed it!
3	Wow, I must say I was really looking forward to this place, and it was a bit of a disappointment. I guess I'm just not really into buffets like I used to be. Here's the deal: you pay $40 for decent decor, a wide selection of food, and an excellent desert bar. You also pay $40 for TERRIBLE service, and food that ranges from decent to kinda iffy. I swear, maybe I'm getting picky in my old age, but nothing here stood out for me. Everything was ok, a couple of the things were pretty good, but for $40 in Vegas I want something amazing. Eh, but maybe I'm overshooting what's possible. Vegas is all style and no substance, and for me that is summed up pretty well with this buffet. My biggest complaint would be the service. We were almost done with our first plates of food when they finally brought us our drinks, and the dirty plates stayed on the table long after we had new ones. Seriously, a cheap-ass Chinese or Indian buffet for $9.99 has better service then this place. I guess that's why they make you pay first! The only thing that stood out here was the gelatto, which I can honestly say is the best I've had since I've been in Italy. But, as good as it was, not  worth the price of admission.
4	We had tickets for LeReve so thought this would be a nice option before the show.  Indeed, it was....I was a little nervous about getting there early to avoid a line, we got there around 6:30 on a Tuesday night and had a short line ahead of us, nothing horrible.  The buffett was fabulous...LOTS to choose from from salads, to asian, to middle eastern food, to pizza (which was REALLY good) and shell fish, which I'm allergic to but my mom said the crab legs were to die for...they're already cut open and ready to eat.Definitely save room for dessert as there are many to choose from after dinner.The line was getting long when we left so definitely hit up this buffett early on to avoid the rush
2	Came here especially for the prime rib. thumbs up! Left happy because that was what we came here for. All other foods looks really nice but it was not good at all. Dessert selection was small and was not good. Texture and taste were off.I suggest they take away their Asian selection because it was not Asian to me at all. Sushi looked really nice but I was already able to tell that it didn't taste good before eating it.
1	A huge disappointment. Paid $100 for the worst Benedict and a miserable salad bar. Will not be returning!
4	Not a big buffet guy but this food looked really good and tasted pretty good. Deserts were amazing and the pot stickers were pretty good. Huge pot sticker fan and I would give these a 7/10. Whats not like about endless pot stickers though. For $40 at the north end of the strip you are getting the best bang for your buck. Service was decent, but we sat right between two other tables and felt like we were dining with them. Go for the food not the ambiance. Get their early, go at 3:30 for lunch prices and if you can't make that go at 4-5. We went at 4:30 and their was no line.
4	Wow. I was barely able to walk back to our hotel after eating at Wynn's buffet. We went early in the afternoon and pretty much had no wait. The wait service was fast to clear plates and refill drinks and overall friendly. The place was very nicely decorated and the buffet itself was well designed and easy to move about looking for something to catch your eye.A lot of the reviews talk about the crab legs so here is my two cents: they were good and they were huge. That us pretty much all my first plate had on it and I was not disappointed. In fact you need to be careful carrying the plate back to your table since so much of the crab legs overhang the plate.I also enjoyed the prime rib, the rack of lamb, the sushi, and the salad bar which was very good in my opinion. I didn't really get into the desserts myself but my wife seemed to like them and she tried quite few different ones. I suspect that if you find yourself at the Wynn buffet you are on a vacation or away from home for another reason so I say indulge. Indulge big time. I did and it saved me money since I was literally stuffed for two days afterwards. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas (except maybe 5 pounds you gain) and that's why
3	I'm a BUFFet guy. I flex my muscles with my fork and knife. This is why I bust my ass off in the gym. To lose all this weight just so I can put it back on after eating like a fatty. That's how I do! The words ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT excites me. Like an ice cream truck excites kids. Like the Comic Con excites all the nerds. Like Viagra excites the impotent. Yes, AYCE gets me hard....Hard on the wallet. This place is about $40 bucks for the Brunch price. Dinner price is a little more. They start putting dinner items out at 3pm. We came in at 230, paid the Brunch price and stayed for the dinner items. This means I ate bacon, omelettes, sausage, more bacon, eggs benedict, and crab legs! I honestly ate more breakfast items than dinner items. I love me some breakfast and there is something about their eggs benedict that kept me coming for more. They also have a great selection of desserts.This place won me over the first time I ate here.  It was like my first time having sex, so many things to explore, new tastes, plenty to grab, it was AMAZING.Now this place is just ok. I wish I popped some Viagra before I ate here just so I can relive that excitement.The End. Nothing Hard about writing this review.
5	My buffet of choice during my stay in Vegas.  Everything is cooked to perfection.  The food looks and tastes upscale.  The seafood is delicious, the desserts are mini-sized and super cute and they make crepes filled with fruits.  There's pastas, pot roast, sushi, some Asian dishes, and other traditional American dishes.  Every single time I'm at this buffet I want to try everything and I always get SECONDS, THIRDS, and sometimes FOURTHS.  The price is pretty good- It's not exactly cheap but then again this isn't some rinky dink buffet.  So expect to pay some good money (like $40 per person) to get some good food.  The wait in line can sometimes be long depending on the time of day that you come, but it's always worth it and it's better to get a little bit hungry so you could eat more while you're there.  LOL!
3	so they weren't serving king crab legs when we went...they had alaskan crab legs instead which weren't as big but delicious nonetheless...their prime rib is good but nothing to rave about tho that and the leg of lamb have their own carving stations...still nothing here really stood out...there's a huge variety of food and an abundance of desserts along with a great display of cakes....tho for the $$ i expected the food to be better...also there is an added gratuity for parties of 8 or morebottomless mimosa & champagne $10...servers were quick with refills and very friendly
4	I had read about the buffet and the king crab legs here so the wife and I planned a trip here to eat the buffet.  The decor and entry of the buffet is beautiful.  Lots of colors of fruits and veggies.  The food it self was pretty good (especially the desserts).  I was a little disappointed with the king crab legs as they're on the smaller side but everything else was great.  The prime rib roast was good along with their roasted turkey.  There is a large variety of American, Asian and Middle Eastern cuisine here.At a dinner price of $37.99 I would say I got my money's worth.
4	This is one of the best buffets at Vegas, just as the Wynn is one of the top notch hotel casinos at Vegas.  The food was great, but a buffet is a buffet.  Nothing spectacular.  Just face stuffing :)  Of all the buffets, this one has the best interior, hands down.  Check out my blog for pictures and my experience here at the buffet at Wynn Las Vegas.http://www.dinedelish.com/2011/07/26/the-buffet-wynn/Thank you,Dine Delish
4	After debating between the arguably two best buffets in Vegas, Bellagio and the Wynn, my friends and I went to the Wynn. At 8pm on a Saturday, we waited in about a 30 minute line, but it was all worth it. Loads of gourmet food!Favorites were the sea bass (melt in your mouth buttery goodness), butternut squash risotto (but don't eat too much because it's so rich), crab legs (already cracked open for your convenience), and veal short ribs (put it over the risotto)Slight misses were the salmon en croutte (slightly dry, but interesting to try), sushi, and some of the pastas (just generic)Desserts included a crepe station, creme brulee, berry cobbler, and candy apples+ A ton of other great stuffWhen we thought about it, why spend $30 for a small-ish entree at a nice Vegas restaurant and still be hungry? The Wynn is classy enough that all of our plates looked like prix-fixe tasting courses and it was only $40! Definitely coming back.
4	We arrived Vegas in time for dinner and decided that the best place for us to go would be THE BUFFET! @ The Wynn. Dinner for FOUR! Thanks to the reviews here on Yelp, our dinner was FANTASTIC! King crab legs were awesome, so sweet in taste and so fresh. Prime rib made tender that it melted in my mouth. But wait I've never had LAMB in my life, i tried LAMB STEW and I fell in love. The taste was an explosion of herbs and spices.  i had to have seconds on all. Even the salad which was a mixture of feta cheese, pears, grapes and spring mix, in a vinaigrette.  And WOW the desserts were endless, strawberry shortcake, carrot cake, gelato and many more I will forget to mention. Only because we had so many but that raspberry gel chocolate mouse cake was so exquisite. This buffet has me yearning for more but yet so far!! Cant wait till I go back!!
3	The Buffet @ Wynn really really disappointed me... So much anticipation was built from having good luck on the slots prior to waiting in the 1 hour line.They had cheese and crackers that were taking up space!  Their sushi station had 3 kinds of cut rolls that I didn't even go near. The only section worth exploring was the desserts. My new theory on buffets: Just because the hotel is nice doesn't mean their buffet is good.
5	This buffet is one of my top 3 favorites!  The other two are Wicked Spoon and the buffet at the Belliago!  This place has the shortes line of the 3 during my last trip....so we went...TWICE!The prime rib is very very good! I LOVE that they give you both spicy and creamy horseradish options!  Must go to the pasta bar!  OMG!  The chef will make whatever your lil heart desires!  W/ different pasta, ingredients, and sauces! You will definately be pleased! The crab legs are cut in halves so you to work like a slave to please your seafood fix or Asian fix to eat more of the expensive foods to feel like you got more for your $$$! (Like me!)  I LOVE that I can just pull the crab meat out w/ my fork or fingers and butter them up and then eaten w/in 2 seconds! My only complaint is that I LOVE hot seafood over cold and unfortunately, they only serve cold crab legs.  But, I'm Asian so I gotta devour the expensive food, whether I love it or not! LOL!The soups and salads were amazing!Oh OH OHHH! The dessert bar! OMG! YES, I'm a FATTY!  The gelato bar makes me so happy.  They don't offer many flavors.  Just about 4-5 different ones...but still so yummy!  Don't forget to go around the dessert bar b/c on the other side there is a crepe bar! I wish I had a bottomless pit to try everything they offer. Well worth the $30-40/person for dinner!  The food quality is better then most cafes around!
2	I wasn't too impressed even though I heard this buffet was amazing. It was nice though because we had a group of 7 that was comped from gambling credit and we were led to a table with very little wait. We got in around 3 pm...ate the lunch portion and then had the dinner as well. Tri tip was probably the most impressive food there. Crab legs were good and plentiful. The dessert display is also very impressive...But what can you expect from a buffet? I wish there was real sushi though...
4	When the Wynn first opened, I had the opportunity to be one of the few that was able to stay in it when it was only 3 weeks old. I was excited back then to sample their buffet. I remember it was a long wait, but worth it. The look on my face must've been priceless when I saw how big the selection was. I just stood there in awe at the massive amounts of food around me. If heaven had a buffet, this would be it. Fast forward roughly 6 years later, and I was hoping to experience a repeat of this little piece of heaven. I am happy to report that the buffet is still as good as the day the hotel opened!  The selection goes on for days, and the desserts are amazing. There's plenty of different food for everyone (even gluten free!). My only complaint occurred while I was in line. I was mentally prepared for the 45-minute wait, but what caught me off guard was the amount of cutting in the line. I hope that the casino takes better care to make sure that this is avoided. To give you an example, the 4 people in front of us, quickly grew to a party of 13! Overall, if you haven't been to this buffet, go for it! It's worth it.
3	After eating at the Bellagio buffet for many yeas, I honestly was not very impressed with the Wynn buffet. Although it is definitely the most beautiful looking buffet in Vegas (i.e. the setting), the food was not knock out like one would expect the Wynn to be. The entrees just weren't that impressive. Gorgeous setting, but the food falls flat. It's at the end of the strip and not worth the trek.
5	The most beautiful restaurant I have seen in Vegas, much less the most beautiful buffet in the world. I went with a part of six for a Friday lunch. We waited about 15 minutes to get a table and I was blown away by the availability. 6 varieties of ceviche, thin hand-crafted pizzas (including my own recommendation, the margharita), french-onion soup, sweet juicy flank steak, indian cuisine, and more.But, my friends, even though lunch was good, there is another reason to go. And that reason is dessert.Hands down the BEST dessert buffet in Vegas. Two areas of the most beautiful, delicious, cute little desserts you will ever see. Candied apples, gelato, black forest cake, cupcakes, kiwi and banana puree, chocolate covered marshmallows, chocolate covered rice krispies treats, carrot cake, peach cakes.... on and on and each more beautiful than the next.My only regret is that we didn't go here for dinner. I bet their prime rib would have been spectacular.
5	This is my favorite Vegas buffet thus far. First of all, it's BEAUTIFUL! Secondly, it has an amazing selection of food including the most wonderful dessert buffet ever. There was a breakfast bar, chinese veggies, 6 different kinds of ceviche, and I could go on and on. The desserts come in perfect little bite sizes so you can try as many as you want. Perfect and delicious. It comes out to about $45/per person with tax and tip.
5	This is by far one of the best buffets in Vegas! The decor is so cute/whimsical & very Alice & Wonderland-esque. The BF & I ate dinner here around 9pm on a Friday & we only waited about 5 minutes to be seated. The food is superb & I pretty much liked everything I ate.
4	All I can eat prime rib? STFU. Prime rib here is BETTER than the Bellagio's. I took full advantage of that. Crab legs too, but they're so thin hardly any meat in one leg.I think we stayed here over like an hour and a half waiting for La Reve to start, so we ate until we had to go to our show....The waitress was really busy, and forgot about our table a lot? It took like 30 minutes to get the drinks we ordered, and refills. And maybe a little bit racist? I feel like we were sitting in the Asian corner in the back...no joke.But anyway, loved the dessert bar, SO many options. Got my crepe made then ran around to put scoops of gelato next to it!! genius.
5	I could see why everyone raves about this place as the one of the best buffets in Vegas. The decor is beautiful and there seems to be almost everything you can imagine to eat.  I'll be honest, I ate so much that I don't remember what tasted like what.The King Crab Legs were a favorite for everyone there.  They just kept on refilling it too.There are so many entrees, but don't forget about the dessert.  I really loved their cream puffs.  I'm saving more room for dessert next time.
3	3.5Tasty but pricey.  Maybe it's a better deal during breakfast lunch or brunch?  I enjoyed the crepes for dessert.  Actually, the whole dessert section was well stocked.
5	The Wynn Buffet is probably the top buffet place in vegas now. Sure, you can get cheaper buffet, but you do get what you pay for and the buffet price at Wynn is worth every single penny.Food is fresh and tasty.The place is SUPER clean.Their Prime Rib is the trully the best in Vegas. The Tomato Bisque is to die for and their desserts are works of art.Bye Bye Bellagio!
4	The Wynn buffet is my favorite buffet in Vegas (I've also been to the Monte Carlos, Bellagio, Aria, and Venetian).  They have a really great selection of food and the quality is much better than the other buffets.  Most of the other buffets have "buffet" quality food made for mass production, whereas I think the food at the Wynn is good enough to be served as individual entrees.  Most buffets in Vegas also feel overcrowded and the interior of the restaurant isn't very nice, but the Wynn buffet is really pretty inside.The prices are a little higher than most but definitely worth the money.  I usually go for brunch and I would recommend going on the earlier side to get the breakfast price which is cheaper than the lunch price.  Otherwise I would go on the later side for lunch because they only bring out the crab legs at 3pm.  Sadly I was there from 1-3pm, too late for breakfast prices but too full to eat the crab when it finally came out.Food highlights:Prime RibJumbo ShrimpDessertsCrab Legs
4	Best dessert section and overall breakfast selection of all the buffets in Las Vegas.My only complaint is that the meat selection for the lunch/dinner buffets is limited and disappointing- the prime rib/steak/whatever is always too dry.
5	Best buffet I've ever been to. Quality was well above average (as far as buffet standards go). Everything was beautifully cooked, had that gourmet look and taste, was set up in several different sections to break up the huge waits/lines. The staff was very well trained, including the chefs at each station.The atmosphere was nice and bright. Everything was clean and they provided beautiful silverware with cloth napkins (nice touch!) to give it that fine dining feel.So, what is so great about it? Let me break it down (based on my personal experience):SEAFOOD:- We hit up the Alaskan crab legs first! They were all pre-cracked/cut and ready to eat. They had a warm butter station to go with it.- Shrimp, cocktail style with seafood sauce. Classic stuff. Shrimp was a nice size, very tender and delicious.- Sushi rolls were all fresh and prepared beautifully with good quality fish.- Arugula salad with red/yellow peppers topped with anchovy. My mouth just watered as I typed that. Enough said.MEAT:- Lamb roast: cooked to about medium, tender, served with mint jelly- Prime rib: cooked to about medium, tender, served with horseradishPOTATOES/VEGETABLES:- Garlic mashed potatoes, another classic. Perfectly cooked and nice texture.- Squash and root vegetables. Glazed in maple syrup - awesome!DESSERT:- Crepe, strawberry. Made to order as the crepe chef makes it right in front of you. Fantastic.- Cream puff: pastry was light and fluffy with a delicious cream filling- Strawberry cheesecake: served in a little cup...MMMMmmm.- Mint chocolate gelato: Served by a buffet staff member/chef. Sooooooo good.Alright, there were a few other things that I'm sure I tried and can only remember that they tasted EXCELLENT, but can't remember the names of them right now.This was just a small portion of what was actually available at this buffet. Me and my loved one enjoyed every bit of it! The other great thing was that we didn't feel sick after (as most buffets usually make you feel). Everything was fresh, excellent quality and ALL fully digestible :PI highly recommend this buffet. Enjoy!
5	prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs.
2	Bleh, came here for brunch, and  it was ok. But I've had better. I dunno I tried the food and for a Vegas Buffet, I dont think I would go here again because it wasn't memorable and the service we had was kinda poor, meat was over cooked, and the deserts were ok, but were of mediocre quality. I'd suggest going to the Bellagio buffet instead.
4	This used to be the best Buffet in town, but it's gone downhill over the past couple of years. Still, this buffet has so much delicious food that it makes eating that much more fun. The place is freaking huge, there must be 10 different stations each with different types of food. Anything you can think of: Chinese, Japanese, Seafood, Indian, Italian, Salads, Soups, and a enormous dessert station right in the middle. Going to each station and taking a little bit of this, a little bit of that, and a bunch of king crab legs (warning: only served after 3:30), is just an awesome experience.Sadly, the Bellagio Buffet and some of the newer Buffets on the strip are definitely better than the Wynns.
5	In a battle of Vegas Buffets and when compared to that of the Bellagio, I DEFINITELY think Wynn wins. Wynn has a slightly larger selection of food than Bellagio (and a slightly higher dinner price that comes with it -- $170ish for 4 adults on a Thursday night, yuck), but MOST types of foods are covered. Soups and salads? Check. Pizza? Check, and the best pizza in a buffet by far! (I thought Bellagio took top honors in that category, but having eaten their the night before -- they don't). Alongside the pizza was also an assortment of different pasta dishes -- ravioli, tortellini, rigatoni, a build your own pasta station (the Asian chef behind the counter wasn't so friendly though, regardless of how much I smiled and threw in a 'Thank You!', as well as garlic knots!) Other food items include barbecue chicken and ribs, garlic pesto mashed potatoes, TENDER pork loin, 'Indian' rice, 'Chinese' fried rice, chow mein, lamb, duck, turkey, sushi, a seafood station with shrimp and crab ... yeah, and a whole lot more on top of that.They also have a killer dessert section (better than Bellagio, also). Aside from all the individual dessert platters, they also have someone making crepes (and though they didn't have it the last time I was there, my last trip to Vegas I ate at the Wynn twice XD, and alongside the Crepe-guy they had someone making Belgian Waffles as well! Nom nom).My only grunt about this place (aside from the pricing and potential long wait if you come at the wrong time) is their lack of Mexican and Chinese food. I have yet to come to a buffet (then again, I've only been to 3 in Vegas) that had a taco or burrito station station, and ... while I love the fact that they have 'Chinese' fried rice and chow mein, what  good are those dishes if I don't have any orange chicken or honey walnut shrimp to eat it with? Also, not a fan of their sushi. Simply just not as fresh as authentic sushi places.Other than that, this buffet totally rocks my socks off and I'm perfectly content with the amount of weight I gain from eating here.Check it out!Wynn For the Win!
5	All buffets are the same to me, but the buffet at the Wynn Hotel is the best one I've been to. There so many different food variations offered- from Thai to Indian to Italian to seafood etc ( you get the point).  Most buffets may offer an abundance of food, but they usually lack taste. This place actually has great tasting food. I would recommend this place to buffet lovers, I am not one myself, but I enjoyed it here.
4	Ok...the reason that I cannot give this buffet 5-stars is because, despite being quite possibly the best buffet in Vegas, I still feel the this buffet is too expensive. It is still a buffet when all is said and done, just bigger than most.I have been to the buffets at most of the other high-end resorts and this place definitely has the widest selection of food. You will not have a very hard time finding at least a few things to tickle your fancy.The food is also higher quality than a lot of the other buffets and they are always bringing out fresh food. Their veggie pizza, in particular is the best I have ever had at a buffet. Their dessert area is very extensive. Service is pretty good. They usually ensure that your cup runneth over. If you come on a weekend, be prepared to wait - the line to get in is at least a 30-min ordeal, plus the time it takes to get you seated.
4	I'm not a fan of buffets but this one is awesome! All you can eat crab legs for only $37?!?! I'm down! Their selection is small, but I think it should be about quality, not quantity. Their dessert is kinda eh. I have a huge sweet tooth and took almost all their sweets. I would have a small bite of each and would get over it. Not that big of a deal. I wouldn't waste my time and just go for the ice cream. The bread pudding was good as well. My friend was obsessing over her crepe so those should be good too.
3	I have to give an average review of this place because overall this buffet is not a good experience.The main drawback of this buffet is definitely the wait on the weekends.  I went here last Sunday for lunch with my girlfriend and we waited for probably 1.5 hours.  Another demoralizing thing about the wait is that the Wynn tries to get you to pay an extra $12 more for the "VIP" line to skip the regular line.  While I understand the need to generate extra revenue, this has the effect of demoralizing the customers in the normal line.  I won't come back just because of this.  I hope whatever finance or operations guy they have there has done the calculations on excel to justify this attempt at padding their revenues. The second big drawback of this buffet is the price.  Sunday lunch was over $30 which is way too expensive for the variety of food they had that day.  While I still think the food is high quality, they didn't have enough expensive items to justify that type of pricing.Overall, the price and the long wait deter me from wanting to eat here again.  This is one of those places that if you are in Vegas for the first time, you might want to try it.  Other than that, don't waste your time or money.
4	to me, a buffet is a buffet is a buffet. don't get me wrong, I like being a fatass and eating everything in sight, but at some point the food costs start to run a bit high and then quality takes a dip. However, that has not really happened here! ha!As I discussed in my other review for the Wynn overall, my experience is one of extreme privilege, as my friend received a GREAT deal for free over here. This also means we got to cut to the front of the line, and the buffet was comped. It looked expensive for everyone else though, haha.The food itself was pretty solid, nothing truly spectacular but everything was solid quality. King crab legs (pre-cracked), shrimp cocktail, sushi, lox, har gow, potsticker, indian food, prime rib, leg of lamb, veal ossobucco, pasta, pizza, charcuterie, soup, salad- a little of all of the preceding list passed through the gaping maw of my mouth. As for the desserts, there were a fuckton that I don't even remember all of them. I know there was a crepe station.
5	This is the best las vegas buffet I have been to. Really worth the price. I liked almost everything.
3	mm, the wynn buffet!i used to love this place! it's still not a bad place to go but the food leaves a lot to be desired. lot's selection and lot's of good things but nothing that blows my mind.i went for lunch my last two visits and have always left satisfied and pleased but never left wowed. the wynn is not a bad buffet but it is not the best -- you have to try cosmo's wicked spoon. it's probably the best buffet in vegas right now.
4	Simply stated, this is the creme de la creme of buffets. Sure it's a lot of money to dish out, but you will guaranteeably leave feeling like a fat heifer who got her money's worth. I know I did. And quite honestly, I don't have an issue w/ spending money on good food, I consider eating a main attraction kind of deal so for me, if I had to choose between watching an LV show or eating at the Wynn...... Wynn wins.
5	The best buffet in vegas!!!!During our trip, we decided to try out the buffets in LV which according to my friends, "a must try". So we went to wynn in the first day, and it certainly did not disappoint us. The wait time for the buffet is not that horrible. We went right at the dinner time, and it took less than 25 minute for us to get the seat. Perhaps it is because it's somewhat pricey compared to other LV buffet. ($89+10tip). The atmosphere is wonderful over here. Seems like a lot of people are around you, but trust me, you do get full attention of the waiters. They are quick and helpful.Selection is amazing, however, it does not have sashimi which is a little sad for me because I am  a huge sashimi lover. The spicy tuna is good though. It gives you the kick that you want, and you can taste the freshness of the tuna. They even have a specialty section that has some fancy cured meat, but it just doesn't appeal to me. The prime rib is a must try here. Juicy and succulent. The quality is far above Ballagio's. Also, the creme brulee is a surprisingly tasty. It's so good that I had 3 of them. In the end, we left happily and extremely satisfied. I suggest you give this place a try even if you hate buffet style restaurant.
3	I remember the good old days of the Wynn buffet when you could get Kobe sliders and King crab legs.  What do they have in place of these items now?: tortilla chips and Alaskan crab legs with a fancy sounding name but below average flavor.  This used to be the 5 star top of my list buffet pre Steve Wynn's vegan transition.  Now, there are a lot of vegan/veggie offerings which maybe cost more so quality of standard items went down.  The other thing is, the buffet cost hasn't gone up too much so I guess they have lowered food quality to avoid charging more.The good: the prime rib was great, as was the creme brulee.  I thought the vegan chocolate chip cookies were very good but other members of my party didn't like them.Maybe I'm just becoming a food snob...
4	Probably one of my favorite buffets of the strip. There will be a line though... the food is pretty darn good and is sectioned off to different food types (Asian, Italian, American, Japanese... isn't that Asian too?) The sushi is probably the worse one out of the bunch... but I'm a sushi snob.I do love the desserts though! They serve ice cream by the scoop which is pretty cool and the different cakes are good to try if you're not already stuffed from the main course. My favorite dish here is on the lunch menu... pulled pork and corn bread... if you're yelping in line, and need a suggestion, that's mine.
4	Went there when it was the end of brunch and the beginning of dinner...Really good food...caters to vegetarians and people with food allergies...I had the Prime Rib it was delicious and other various things...The best was the dairy free gelato....I had 10 scoops..IT WAS THAT GOOD! plus im lactose so i took advantage of the opportunity.
4	All I can say is it's the best buffet in Vegas. The amount of options you have to choose from can't be beat. And the food is restaurant quality. Anything you try there you are guaranteed to like. The only thing I wish they worked on is the dessert. It was Ok...Some of it appeared sophisticated but most of it was nothing special. Of course I'm not comparing Wynn's desserts to Hometown Buffet...I'm only comparing it to other buffets on the strip. They should look into what's offered at Paris if they want to steal all their customers :)
4	"The Fresh King Crab Legs and the Juicy Prime Rib."by the WynnA very tasteful and satisfying story, and I don't even read!
2	OK so like everything in the Wynn it's gorgeous, so was the food. Lot's of small bites and candy apples and gelato in the desert line. I went for lunch which I think is awkward time to go to the buffet, i wanted breakfast, but it's Vegas so i woke up 2pm feeling like it was 8am. Not a crab leg or shrimp in sight, but there were like 5 civiche options; seriously! I have to say that i didn't taste much, because nothing jumped out at me. I ate soup, fruit and drank plenty juice and champaign and that was it. Next time I would rather go to a restaurant, order exactly what I want and be happy.
5	Great buffet with unique choices that are always tantalizing. Best Buffet on the Strip! Went for a late lunch and selections were perfect. The smoked salmon just melted in the mouth. Ceviche is outstanding with flavorful marinades and unusual vegetables. Had a cous-cous salad with grapefruit using flavors that combined beautifully that I would have not expected.  The asparagus salad with papaya and freshly shaved parm was crunchy and delectable. Carving station is minimal, serving two items, but the Teriyaki marinated flank steak was done perfectly.  Desserts were unique as well, combining ingredients in unexpected ways, such as strawberry cheesecake in a cup (cheesecake with chunks of graham and topped with strawberry and meringue). Always clean, nicely decorated. Worth the wait and price!
4	OMG BEST BUFFET EVER! Go at lunch/brunch because it's cheaper. And get the hashbrown balls and miso seabass--those were tasty!! Dessert was mehhh. I heard the gelato was good, but I'm lactose intolerant so there wasn't much other good options. Food was AWESOME though.
5	Best cheese pizza I have ever had. Prime ribs were a dream and lobsters were precut so you don't have to annoy urself with the cracking the shells. Everything taste sooo good except the dessert.  Dessert was nothing compare to M Casino though. But I just can't get over how good the prime ribs and the pizzas were. The buffet was pricey but definitely worth every dollar for good quality food.
1	It has been like 5 or more years since I have been to a buffet in Vegas. I usually won't go as the food is really poor quality and overcooked.  We arrived later on a Friday and rather than try to get into a nice restaurant that we could not make reservations for b/c we did not know when we would get into town my wife suggested the Wynn buffet.  She said there was great reviews on yelp for it so against my better judgment we tried it out.  I was completely embarrest the food was so bad. The service was great better than any other buffet I can remember eating at before but again the food ahhhhh!!!!!! I never finished a single thing I took I would have rather eaten in n out burger!!! Please avoid, over cooked fish as dry and hard as chicken and pasta that makes baby food have a crunch! Just gross!!
5	Vegas for the weekend? Definitely need to hit up a buffet..it's like a must! Came to Vegas for my pledge sister's bday & she like LOVES the Buffet at Wynn. Arrived some time after 2pm on a Saturday afternoon. There was a line, but I definitely have seen worse. Luckily, we made it just in time to get the lunch price (34.99)..thank goodness! :)For a party of 10, we got seated pretty quickly.  We got seated in like one of the side rooms. There was another large party there too, but once they left, we had the whole room to ourselves. That was kinda nice :) The food is always DELICIOUS when I come here. I absolutely LOVE the prime rib w/ the mashed potatoes & string beans. It's SOOOOOO GOOOD. Also at dinner time, the crab comes out. It's cut in half already so no need to get messy! They have a cute little dessert section too filled with a lot of choices. There's gelato! Yummmm.Will definitely be back :)
4	This was the best buffet we ate at on our trip to vegas. the dessert bar was awesome here.
5	One of the best buffets I have even had.  We came here on Friday night and it was about 5pm.  It was not crowded at all.  We sat in the back away from the food which was fine with me.  I dont mind walking since that might help with calorie loss.  hahaAnyways, the price was about $40 per person which was not a shock.  They had a salad section looked good.  I went straight to the crab legs and shrimp.  So good!!  They had butter and cocktail sauce.  Their pasta section was good as well.  I fell in love with their tortolloni.  Loved their asian food section.  It was so worth the money.  I will definetly come back.  Service was great!!  Cream brulee was soooooo good.  The gelato was to die for.  They had the cutest cupcakes.  Wish I tried more desserts but I was so full!  and the prime rib was juicy and ttender.  omg!!
4	we waited more than one hour to get in for a Sunday lunch while it's not really packed inside with a lot of seats empty. I guess it's a way to make sure you don't feel too busy and can enjoy the buffet which is good~~~if you like champagne, definitely add champagne on to your bill coz they refill as much as you want~~~the food is above average and many but not a lot of choices, especially I didn't see much seafood there. :(the atmesphere is nice - very flora
4	I am from a buffet-loving (see "Polynesian") family, so trust me when I say I know my way around a smorgasbord... and next to the casinos, hotels and shows, Vegas is ALL ABOUT the buffets. There are a LOT of them here, so when it comes to choosing which one (or, if you're like me, which 3) to visit while in town, that can be a tough decision.Last week a group of about 10 of us were in Vegas and at the suggestion of two in the group, we decided to hit the Buffet at the Wynn for dinner on Friday night. My review is as follows:PROS:1) CLEANLINESS & FRESHNESS: Buffet lines were kept very tidy and food was turned over/ kept fresh frequently. 2) QUALITY & VARIETY: There were 10 different stations ranging from sea food, Asian, Italian, Mexican, American, Salads, etc.... Great assortment. And the quality was good (ie. REAL mashed potatoes, not those instant crap kind, etc). Nothing I ate was unappetizing.3) RESPONSIVE WAIT STAFF. The wait staff not only brings you your drinks and refills here, but they also clear your plates for you. Our waitress was covering a huge area, so there was a slight lull on occasion when it came to getting a refill, but generally speaking our discarded plates were taken off the table quickly, and our drinks were kept full.These were the Pros. As for Cons, there was only one: PRICE. The cost of the buffet was +/- $40, but in a group of 10, an 18% gratuity is automatically added to that, making the price around $50.Now, let me emphasize here that I am not - generally-speaking- a cheapskate. I will pay good money for a great meal, no qualms about it. But here's the issue with expensive buffets: in the end, it's never really worth the money you pay for it. Lemme explain:Everyone typically hits a buffet the same way: your first trip up, you load that plate with the stuff that REALLY looks good to you. When you sit down to eat it, you're also super-hungry, so that first plate is DELICIOUS, because you're at your most famished, eating the food you enjoy the most. Plates #2, #3, etc will NEVER be as tasty or as satisfying to you as Plate #1... And for many of us, by the end of the buffet, we're just nibbling on food because we paid for it and it's there - not because we're super-hungry and want more and more, ya know? So, you're in essence really paying for that first, best plate.So the questions I really have to ask myself are these:1) Was that first plate worth $50? For me, it wasn't. 2) Could I have been just as satisfied at another buffet for less $$? Yes. Don't get me wrong - the Wynn was good. But so are a lot of other good buffets in Vegas too. I think I probably could've hit a different one $10 - $15 cheaper and left just as full/ satisfied.3) Could I have gotten a better, more-satisfying meal elsewhere for the money I paid to go here? Yeah, I think so. The other place I was considering for dinner was the SW Steakhouse. Not a buffet, and likely $20+/- more than this one, but the food at SW is apparently phenomenal, so I do wish I'd checked that place out instead, and gone with a cheaper buffet.LONG STORY SHORT: The Buffet at the Wynn is a very nice buffet. I'm just not convinced it's worth the $50 I paid to eat there. If I'm going to spend $50+ on a meal, it has to leave me going, "Damn, THAT was GOOD!" This place didn't. I'm glad I checked it out, but I wouldn't make it a regular stop on return trips to Vegas. It was tasty and all - but I think there are more satisfying meals to be had in Vegas for the price I paid to eat here.
3	Came back one year since the first time and must say, I'm a bit disappointed. I guess I was expecting more? Crab legs were still there, still good, still had your basic buffet selection... but something was missing. I prepared all day to eat here, and nothing hurts more than a disappointed stomach. Sorry Wynn.
4	The salads were great as mentioned in some reviews. I think my stomach was recovering from my greasy breakfast at the mirage's BB King that I didn't quite enjoy the buffet as I could have.I didn't taste everything but the curries looked really good. I liked the shrimp, caesar salad, prime rib and dessert. The crepes were so-so until you add the mint chip gelato. I think I went back to the gelato station 4 times! They didn't have the strawberry short cake so I tried the madeline. I saw people coming back with piles of crab legs on their plates. I wouldn't OD on shellfish on a vacation. You never know. Little did we know that we were going to pay for that greasy breakfast at BB Kings.  If it wasn't for that breakfast churning in my stomach, I would have gorged myself. The price ($38) wasn't bad for dinner. From what people were saying, I was expecting $60 or more.We arrived around 4pm and soon, people were lining up. So go early and take your time at this buffet.
4	Overall the food was great. I was a little disappointed in their sushi selection though. This buffet is above average. Wide selection of food. They have a crepe station which was good but extremely sweet.Service was alright. Like every other buffet, the waiter/waitress come whenever they see empty plates on the table.***Parking***: NO PARKING! It's located on the strip so take a taxi or shuttle!Cash/Credit/Debit are all accepted here.
4	brunch is about 35 dollars (for weekend)my advice: come around 1 00 and try to get seated around 2 to 2 30pm. eat the risotto, prime rib, mashed potatoes, and when 3 15 rolls around... CRAB LEGS!!!! unlimited crab legs that are already split open so theres NO work involved and all you gotta do is dip it in that BUTTER. SO DELICIOUS!!!service was kinda ehh. i had crab legs and dirty plates all over the table and the waitress totally forgot about us. we had to get a new waitress who was more attentive. after your gluttonous meal, go gamble in hopes of winning back that ridiculous price of a meal...
2	After 1600+ reviews, what has been said has...probably already been said. Isn't there a theorem about that, or something? Whatever, I didn't get a Masters in Physics.The wedding came and went, and we headed down to Los Angeles/Las Vegas to visit some family that weren't able to make it/vacation it up - NOTE: husband wants everyone and their mother to know that it wasn't a honeymoon because my dad came with us. Apparently a "chaperone" isn't an aphrodisiac.We visited LV for a few days to see husband's (and now my) family. They threw us a wonderful reception and we got to catch up. One evening I suggested that we visit one of the famous buffets for breakfast. Husband thought that was a good idea, and dad wanted us to have some newlywed time to ourselves. After finding the "best" reviewed, we settled on the Wynn. I did my homework, too - we got their early as early could be, so that we wouldn't be waiting an hour and a half in line.The price for the champagne brunch was $45/person - not cheap in the *slightest.* So, you'd think for a total of around $100, you'd want to be wowed and impressed so hard your heart stops, right? I'm looking over at the "Reviews for The Buffet at Wynn Las Vegas," of all my friends whom I trust wholeheartedly with food recommendations, giving The Buffet a fulfilling 5 stars. Every one of them! Keane L. even said that the 2 hour wait was totally worth it! The reviews are all at least 2 years old, but they range from '06 to '09 - surely if there is consistency between those years, then from '09 to '11 there would be as well?Nope.To be honest, I can't even remember anything standing out. I had amazing prime rib at Jerry's Nugget out in crack-ville for $10 - the cut on my plate at the Wynn was blegh. The desserts were just okay, and they didn't have ANY crab - highly disappointing. The selections were - for some odd reason, because it was 8am and we were the first ones in the door - old, as if they were just sitting under the hot plate the entire time. I tried to sample as much as I could, but this all looked like regular buffet food at some regular-ass buffet. I felt like I was paying for the brand more than the food itself.Sorry, Wynn. No crab, no stars. Presentation is top, but I'd rather have it look like a pile of dung and taste like a dream than the other way around. How utterly disappointing! Next time, I'm heading to crack-ville for breakfast.
2	Had the breakfast buffet.  Again, I came here because my friends wanted to try their buffet and I was out voted.  At least it was a little better than the Bellagio.  The decor is nicer I think.The only thing I enjoyed for breakfast that morning that was half way decent was the potstickers.  Everything was sub par.
5	I ate so much at this damn buffet they had to send for the fat people ambulance at the end of my meal.My favorite past time as far as buffet going is, arrive right at the end of lunch time (pay lunch price) and stay into dinner.  You eat both lunch and dinner menus and become the fattest person on the strip, its genius.  I'm like a fat Einstein.
1	This buffet is terrible and expensive. The food was bland the service was almost non-existent and we were seated at one of those long bench style set ups where you have no sense of privacy at your table. At forty dollars a person it is more expensive than other buffets but has nothing to show for the extra expense. There was plenty of other seating that was quieter but we were crammed in on top of each other. The only thing the buffet has got going for itself is the dessert selection (lots of choices and a crepe station).however, my wife thought the desserts tasted old like a refrigerator. I can't believe so many people on yelp have had good things to say about this buffet! Yelp usually steers me in the right direction but we got screwed this time. No way does this place deserve four stars. If you have functioning taste buds don't abuse them by going to the Buffet at Wynn.
5	I hate buffets. Hate. You've seen me, that one chick with an empty plate circling the grounds over and over again like a bratty 7 year old who only wants to eat pizza but all there is to choose from is fish and chow mien. Yeah, that's me frowning at the seafood and "asian" selection, unsure of what type of food I'm in the mood for. I'm the most indecisive person and with a stomach simply not made for buffets, accepted the fact that I could never happily eat a meal at a buffet. That is, until I went to the Wynn. I was skeptic at first, but with friends and family that die for buffets and with all the great reviews I had to swallow my pride and brave the never ending feat I've had with buffets. Thank God I did because it was the best buffet experience I've had in my life.Totally worth the wait, which can be about 30-45 minutes long depending on what time you get there. I suggest going right when it opens or eating at odder hours of the day, like 3-5 so the lunch crowd is just dissipating and you beat the dinner crowd.Food at all times of the day are good. Their breakfast selection is pretty standard but I've never had a better french toast from a buffet. I loved their selection, with most options looking healthier than the average vegas buffet - you have to try their cold salads/veggies. Lots of vegan options as well that barely taste vegan. The risotto is perfect and has a nice sweetness to it, probably my favorite dish here. If you're here for the crab, they don't serve them until dinner time. Probably the least messy you'll get when eating crab legs since they're finely cut for you, not to mention they are delicious. Their pho is also surprisingly good enough to finish an entire small bowl.The desserts are fantastic and very artisan like, but not all taste that great. Mostly just for presentation but I do recommend the cupcakes, gelato, and bread pudding which is divine. Their candied apple is the exact recipe for a broken tooth, even if the apple inside the rock hard shell is very fresh and crisp. Avoid.To make your meal here the absolute best, as if it already weren't, order bottomless mimosas for just $10. Eat & drink all afternoon.
4	i agree with brian y; about a 3.5.however, the buffet at wynn is...* huge* pricey* prettyand probably one of the best in vegas, but i think i expected more.  some of the offerings here were surprisingly bland/average, but i guess they do need to cater to the average american (read: blah) palate.in any case, there are 1700 reviews here, so i'll spare you the details of what i ate.  if you're in vegas, there's probably a good chance you'll go regardless of this review!
4	the selection isn't as big as Rio's buffet but the quality is definitely the best! we went in for lunch and stayed till dinner! dessert was pretty good but i've had better. the quality of the food and the amazing service is why i go.
3	I'm sure they have our pictures hanging up on the "Do Not Allow to Enter" wall of shame.  We tore up that buffet and definitely got our moneys worth or shrimp and crab legs!!!  They had a lot of good Italian and American dishes too, the desserts were lacking.  I was hoping for a rich chocolate cake or a variety of cheesecakes.  It's a buffet, no more special than any other high end casino on the strip.The lunch and dinner transition was weird and kind of a rip-off.  We got there at the end of lunch and were not allowed to enter, instead they lined up all the people like cattle and make them wait over half an hour to be able to charge us the dinner price!!!  Not COOL!!!  I recommend getting there one hour before the dinner starts to enjoy the entire buffet at lunch price
4	The buffet was amazing!  The shrimp and crab legs were my favorite. The crab legs are cut in half, they are served chilled with drawn butter.  If you take them to the grill, they will warm the crab legs up for you.  The tortellini and pancetta was great.   They do have an italian station that is wonderful.  Their meat stations includes prime rib, lamb, turkey, brisket, baby back ribs, fried chicken - pretty much any variety of meat you could ask for.  Their asian station was a bit lacking, maybe it was just the time we were there.  They have a wonderful selection of meats, cheeses and breads.  They have several varieties of pizza and calzones.  The desserts are unbelievable!  But my favorite was the mint chocolate chip gelato!
3	While the food at Wynn's lunch buffet was generally good, the unappealing decor, lackluster service, higher price, and lack of many standout dishes preclude it from being at the top of the nicer buffets on the Strip.The buffet had some good dishes, such as the sea bass, mahi mahi, flank steak, fruit salad, and bread pudding (which was the standout dish for me!), but some of the other dishes were less tasty, such as the brisket, potstickers, all of the seafood ceviches, and most of the rest of the desserts. I didnt try the pizza's but they looked sort of greasy and boring. I think the second time up I was having a bit of a hard time finding more food I wanted to eat, and ended up with a lot of salad. The service was not that friendly; the server's actions and demeanor made it pretty clear she didnt care. We were having mimosas but she refilled them with just champagne, and then brought over a cup of OJ and had us mix it ourselves. So yeah, not really much effort. The decor of the place is oddly unappealing for such a buffet. The entrance is gorgeous: light coming through opaque glass,  lots of flowers, very summery looking. But that is just a small area ... almost everyone will get seating in the gross inside area, with puke green walls, gross carpets, no flowers or (fake) sunlight. Just not the decor you imagine when you walk in, and it really doesn't evoke any feeling of relaxed luxury. Just puke green walls. The price here for lunch is also steep: $26/pp with no drinks. Relative to the Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan Buffet) at $23/pp with one drink, its a bit pricier and not as good.
5	Easily the best buffet on the strip. Quality is unmatched elsewhere and really for not much more money than way worse buffets. Staff is accomodating and friendly as you'd expect. Gourmet caliber food, handmade homemade desserts. beautiful dining area and well organized flow at the buffet.
5	Love, love, love this place. Dramatic entrance, outstanding food quality, super delicious taste, friendly staff and desserts that are to die for! After 10 trips to the food and dessert stations I had to stop ... I really wanted more but I couldn't. I actually ate so much I had trouble moving around lol. Anywho, definitely worth the price and easily the best buffet on the strip!Must try:- Chocolate crepe- Creme Brulee - Prime rib- Beef brisket
5	Arrived for Sunday brunch at 2:45pm and grabbed all the brunch items I could before they switched over to dinner around 3:15pm! SCORE. Brunch and dinner all for the price of Sunday brunch which was $31.95. It was such a good deal and definitely good planning.The main difference between brunch and dinner is that the crab legs come out at dinnertime! YUMMMMM
2	My fiance and I decided to try the Wynn buffet a couple nights after trying the buffet at the Bellagio.  We only came here because we had a seating at Jersey Boys at 7pm and didn't want to venture too far from the Palazzo, boy what a disappointment, especially since they marked it up to $46 because it was Labor Day weekend.  I had come here once before with my dad when the Wynn opened and we both preferred the Bellagio buffet then as well, but I at least thought the prime rib here was excellent as well as the King Crab legs.Well, what a surprise... they didn't even have King Crab Legs, and this was after asking the cashier if they had them tonight and she said yes!  The prime rib was NOT rare and it wasn't as tender as the Bellagio's.  Also it was very bland, it felt more like we were eating roast beef than prime rib.  My fiance tried this slice of lamb leg, wow that was dry... we both tried the rack of lamb which was charred on the outside, but it was so bland as well.  This is one of my favorite dishes to make at home too, what a disappointment.  The shrimp for the shrimp cocktail was much smaller and didn't seem as fresh as Bellagio's.  The few positives over the Bellagio... less wait in line for starters.  The ambiance was a little nicer, overall the place is brighter.  The dessert section was superior to Bellagio's, but cmon we did not pay $46 a person to feast on desserts.  I like both the white espresso and chocolate mint gellato and the creme brulee was very tasty.I am juggling whether to rate this 2 or 3 stars, seeing that it failed though with the prime rib and other meats and not having king crab either, the borderline call drops to 2 stars.  Overall, very disappointed and will probably not be back again.8 - Ambiance (very well designed and had a nice romantic feel for a buffet house)8 - Service (very attentive, dishes were cleared out promptly and drinks always refilled)1 - Price (inflated holiday price with unsatisfactory meats and no king crab)5 - Portions (this is based on the selection, compared to Bellagio, it doesn't come close)5 - Quality (dry and bland meats, poor seafood selection, quality desserts though)Dinner: Sun. Sep 4, 2011
5	The buffet at the Wynn is amazing. All the downsides of going to typical buffets do not exist. Everything is fresh and the options are endless. Eggs Benedict and sushi in the same buffet, people. Heavenly. It may seem pricey and the line may be long, but it is totally worth it. Any other buffet is a waste of your time and money compared the buffet at the Wynn. I have only been for there brunch before, but I trust the lunch and dinner are just as amazing... if not better (If that is possible).
3	Be prepared to wait in line for over an hour unless you want to pay "VIP" and cut the line... just saying.
2	THE WYNN...THE MOST GLAMOROUS OF THE GLAMOROUS HOTELSEVERYTHING IS THEREENCORE, SURRENDER, ENCORE BEACH, XSwhy not the good food right? $40 not well spent -_-RIO WORLD BUFFET ALL DAY EVERYDAY
4	The buffet was awesome here but not better than Studio B at the M Resort. Make sure you go there around 2pm so that you catch both the brunch and dinner for the price you pay for brunch. The crab is good here because they're already split in half for easy access and they serve it with clarified butter. The braised veal short ribs are killer and are often skipped so make sure you don't pass these up. The prime rib was juicy but since they do huge batches, the juices can seep out and the meat can get cold. The lamb was good also but make sure you eat it with the mint jelly. Their asian section was surprisingly very very good. The dim sum they had was as authentic as any buffet would ever get them, they also had a rice porridge/congee bar. As for dessert, get the creme brulee and gelato. The madelines are freshly baked along with alot of the other baked goods. Things to try here:-Green Pea Risotto (best thing I had here)-Prime Rib-Roasted Leg of Lamb-Braised Veal Shortribs-King Crab Legs-Congee-Salmon en Croute-Creme Brulee-Bread Pudding (made from Brioche and creme en glace I believe)
4	Honestly I was not impressed. I have been waiting to try this place for a while. I like the rio buffet better. they have better gelato flavors and they have a bigger food selection. However I am giving four stars based on the customer service. I was with my cousins baby who doesn't eat a lot of things because of allergies. the chef actually came to our table and brought the baby special food that he could eat. that was really nice.
2	Wasted my $40.  This place seemed great after reading about it online.  Unfortunately, unless you eat the king crab legs, the rest of the food is not worth eating.  And because I don't eat seafood, I was quite disappointed.  While everyone raves about the crab legs, I would like to judge the buffet based on its prime rib.  The cuts of prime rib I had were very fatty.  Not top quality.  the cheeses tasted like they had been left out for a while and tasted stale.  The pastas were not very good.  Needless to say, nothing really impressed me to even write about. The desserts were good, but not worth spending the $40 on.  I loaded up on these since I was still hungry from not eating much that was very appealing.  The service for drinks was also bad.  I got up and helped myself to more iced tea.
5	*This is on my MUST-TRY list for Vegas*Hands down the best buffet I've ever had in Vegas.If you like king crab legs, then you're definitely in the right place.  I think they're the only buffet in Vegas (correct me if I'm wrong) that does not salt their crab legs.  Most places salt them to preserve them, which tells me that The Buffet's seafood is relatively fresh.  It's always really sweet and juicy.. yum! I'm sure they have whatever you like, and it's always cooked to perfection.  My personal favorites?  Crab legs.. duh..and the braised veal :)  YUMMY!!Another thing I look forward to when I come to The Buffet..... DESSERTS!!!!  CREME BRULEEEEEEEEEE!  The tiramisu is also amazing.. and they have gelato too!  There's always a huge assortment.. it's always so hard to choose without feeling extremely guilty.A couple of downers:-On special holiday weekends, they totally jack up the prices.  The prices vary from day to day, but expect to pay around $30-40.    -There's almost always a line... and it's a long line too :(But, the pros overshadow the cons.. so I still love it!Tip: Get inside by 2:30 or 3pm.  You're paying for brunch/lunch, but just sit around for a bit until 3:30pm and you get dinner too!   Happy eating!
5	What can I say about this buffet other than it's the best buffet I've ever eaten at?  OK, so perhaps I should elaborate further anyway.  Went here with some friends two years ago to celebrate a friends' 30th birthday (yes, I know this an overdue review, but whatever) and at first I was a bit shocked at the prices.  I knew going in that this was an expensive buffet, probably right up on the top or close to the top of the list of the most expensive buffets in Sin City, but it still took a bite out of my wallet to pay $40 for dinner.  Of course, that was forgotten quickly as we walked in (after two and a half hours of waiting, we were patient in our hunger).  Elegantly and tastefully decorated and laid out as you would expect from anything in a five star hotel, the selection of different foods and cuisines seemed almost endless and stretched on and on.  Considering none of us had eaten since breakfast that day and we had waited a long time to be seated, we were starving...but as with any buffet in Vegas, it's always a good idea to come hungry.  My first stop was for the King Crab legs which in their own right are usually pricey by themselves.  Anyone who has ever eaten king crab knows that they are tough to eat considering the sharp claws are easy to get cut on trying to extract the meat, so it was a true sign that this place was a step above that the king crab was laid out already pre-opened so that the meat just had to be scooped out..and wow, was it ever the best crab I ate!  It's little details like that that one would expect from a place of such high caliber and quality but that make the dining experience much more enjoyable.  All told, in seven plates of food in which I sampled as many different items the only complaint I really had was that the lamb that night was a bit dried out, not bad at all in my opinion overall.  Don't even get me started on dessert either, two different and unique stations equally large in size led me to making two separate trips as there was just so much in the way of delectable pastries and sweets offered,All in all, yes it's very pricey and it was sticker shock at first but it was worth EVERY cent and then some.  I have no reservations whatsoever going back every time I'm in Vegas and I would consider a trip to Vegas in which I didn't go to this buffet a total failure of a Vegas trip.  A word of advice though? Go as early as possible right before they open for dinner, it's not uncommon for the lines to be super long and the wait times insane!
5	Have you ever eaten so much that you couldn't hear?  This will happen to you at the Wynn Buffet.It IS expensive.  About $40.  But be prepared to have the widest array of amazing food you'll ever eat.First things first: EFF THE SALADS.  you can get that anywhere.  dont waste your stomach space on SALAD.  grossGo straight for the crab legs!  They're delicious and you can probably get your money's worth right there.  They have different sections representing different lands.  My favorite combination was pizza and hummus.  I know i know, its so simple for such a fancy buffet, but whatever. you can suck it.make sure you save some stomach room for desserts!
2	40 bucks for what?!?! I never have been a fan of buffet....why....cause im small and cant eat for my money worth, im a picky eater (hence the name) and three....my parents called it boofet and thats what i have been saying for years....*traumatized moments*it was quite a long line for dinner so go if your almost straving so you can eat more! If you are a lover of seafood, their crab legs are pretty decent..voiced by my peer * i had a nibble* but nothing else spoke to me....their pea risotto was pretty good and tomato bisque but everything else was just kinda plain and bland....so its worth it if you go for seafood but nothing else....when i went, they had american, mexican, asian and italian theme food...their desserts were aite but den again, nothing fancyTip: sit by the toilet...free some space =)
5	THEY HAD GELATO!  It was magical...with lots of different flavors...and they serve it to you in cute little espresso cups :DOH right, so you probably want to hear about the rest of it.  Well, we came for brunch, so this review is not for dinner (though I hear great things about their dinner).Must-haves:-Eggs Benedict, the best I've ever had-Risotto with truffle sauce-Pork and shrimp dumplings from the Asian section-Belgian waffles with all the cool toppings-GelatoThe atmosphere is upscale, in a garden-like themed setting.  I felt like a princess.  Well, a fat princess because I seriously left there having to unbutton my jeans and take deep breaths from eating so much ;)The best buffet I've been to in Vegas.  And hands-down the best dessert buffet.
3	Mehh I've been to better buffets at 40 a pop. While the selection was great and there was good variety, I felt the food overall was a bit bland and ordinary. For instance, the prime rib was much too overcooked. Perhaps my average experience at Wynn's was due to the fact that  we went right before the 'dinner' time slot, but for now, as far as Vegas buffets go, I still prefer the buffet at Caesar's.I'll probably be back since the Wynn buffet is so highly regarded among my friends, so hopefully my experience will change for the better.
4	Really great food. A bit pricey though.
3	Way over-rated! I paid $40 expecting the best buffet ever due to all these rave reviews from Yelp, however, once I was able to look at what they were serving, I was in disbelief! It was as common as the other buffets in Vegas. Nothing spectacular nor is there anything the stood out or super tasty.  I was done after a plate. It was just OK but way too expensive for what they were serving. Wicked Spoon is the best and Bellagio comes in second.
4	You wouldn't know it if you saw me, but I'm a girl that can eat. I'm part Samoan so inside this 100 pound 5'2" frame lives a very large and in charge polynesian appetite. My BF and I have sworn off buffets but we made an exception during our trip to Las Vegas. It's not that I'm against all-you-can-eat food but I am against the mediocrity that most buffets offer. I'd rather have three bites of something amazing, than thirty bites of something which can best be described as "meh." But when in Vegas I feel as though having at least one buffet is just something you must do. Much like you must see the fountains at the Bellagio. Your trip just would not be complete without it! So after scanning the Yelp reviews we decided to go to the buffet at the Wynn. We went with three other friends and after waiting in line for about 10 minutes we were seated. My BF and I strategically planned to eat our weight in Alaskan King Crab legs. I personally feel like that's really the only way to get your money's worth. Eat the most expensive thing you can find until you throw up! I take that back, eat the most expensive thing until you can't even think of eating it for a solid week. I waited in line for the crab legs and they were pre-cracked which I thought was AWESOME! Less time cracking legs and more time eating! While waiting in line there was an old Chinese lady who tried to cut and I totally froze her out of the way with two plates and a bowl of butter. Hey, I don't care how old you are, there is no cutting when it comes to crab! She made as though she didn't speak English, but the language of cutting is Universal and that sneaky senior citizen knew exactly what she was doing. I might sound heartless but my own Grandma is totally crafty, so don't even play me woman. I see right thru you and your "Oh I didn't know'" fake liners! Back of the line Grannie!My BF and I tore through four plates of crab legs and our friends were dumbfounded. When you have hot butter to dip into, anything is possible! I stood up and said "Now that I've got gout, I'm ready to move onto something else." I have to say that everything else I ate was pretty mediocre. How do you top crab legs? It just can't be done. I can say that you should stay away from the tom yum soup station. That stuff was rancid! We ended our buffet experience with the dessert station. They made candy apples, crepes, rice crispy treats, creme brulee, gelato, etc. It was great! I had them make me a crepe with peaches and chocolate which was not a 10 but a solid 7. It's a buffet, what do you expect? Would I do it again? 50/50 and it would totally depend on how big of a crab craving I had.Yelp 365 Challenge:#38/365 (The Crab)
5	I had the breakfast buffet. $20 and it was a great deal. The room and furnishings are not typical Vegas buffet quality... Very high end. Plenty to eat and the food was very good. I ate around 10:30 and there was no line at all. Probably could have had more fruit.
4	at this day in age, it is a little hard to do reviews about buffets in vegas.  its  like trying to review a fast food franchise, theyre a dime a dozen now days.  i guess the best form of action is to talk about specifics.  so in this case, i will begin with the bad.bad:well in all cases of vegas buffets on the strip, youre going deal with 2 things, first youre gonna run into a line.  well actually, its a line, so there probably wont be any running involved, unless you need to run to the restroom due to the previous night's debauchery.  waiting in line sucks, but you gotta do that no matter what if you wanna eat a buffet.  second thing is the price.  $40 more or less seems to be the vegas standard.  i think most people in vegas already expect this if theyre planning on buffet'ing.  in my case, im not rich, so this is alot of money for me.  so if youre like me, it might help to think that if you get at least 3 plates, youve already covered your cost, just sayin.good:now for the good stuff.  FOOD!!that is why you came to the buffet.  from what i can remember about this place, i really liked the prime rib and the sushi wasnt too bad either.  im a huge sushi nazi, but its vegas, i trust some asian man is working behind the scenes rolling out rice and fish.  i think vegas is the only place where you'd eat prime rib, sushi, and enchilada in one meal.so ya, i lied, i really didnt talk about specifics, oh well, hahah, but this place is decent, food was good, it was replenished often, servers were prompt, all things that a proper buffet oughta be, the end.
4	Competitive eating?  Not really my style.  My food philosophy is based on savoring really good food in moderation.  But you know the saying - when in Rome - so when I saw the absurd amount of reviews for this place, I knew we had to check it out on our trip to Vegas.  For science's sake.    We opted to do their breakfast buffet as our final stop on the Vegas-Food-Debauchery train before heading back to LA.  I figured it would be the best timing, thus ensuring we wouldn't need to eat anything on our journey home.  I was right.The verdict?  I've never had such an overwhelming desire for more gastrointestinal real estate.  The food was delicious and, honestly, I was downright sad I couldn't eat more.  I was also impressed that they offered a number of gluten-free and vegan options among the 18 different pork products and the pastry/pancake/dessert mega-stations.  Remember to show up early and ask nicely to be seated in the atrium.  It's a necessary part of the experience.
2	We only had time to hit one buffet and chose the Wynn.  It was 2 of my sons birthday weekend, plus their friends, so there were 6 of us.The food was good, but there wasn't really any one dish we just had togo back for.  And there are NO king crab legs.  They did have some very thin crab legs of a kind I've never heard of, but so little meat in them, just wasn't worth it.  The desserts were all very small, in little cups, so if you wanted more, you had to make a lot of trips back.  But there was nothing chocolate!  Come on!  Here's the real reason for the 2 stars.  The emergency siren, lights and recording came on about a security breach, with a repeating message about they're looking into a problem.  We all wondered what was going on, was there a tornado, a bomb, what?  It made us all uneasy, but no employees went around to say anything, nor did they no anything when asked.  It finally stopped after about 10-15 minutes.  But oops, here we go again.  So for our entire time there, this annoying loop of flashing lights, siren and recording went on and off.  No explanation, no apologies.  It ruined our birthday meal, as we had no idea if we were in danger or what the heck was going on.I called the Wynn buffet when we got back home to ask what if was allabout, and spoke to a very snooty gentleman who kept informing me that they are a 4 star hotel who look out for the safety of their clientele, but made no apology and really had nothing else to say to me.  I called the next day and spoke to someone else, who said it was the fire dept. doing a safety check (during dinner time on a weekend), and they had no control over it.  I asked why did it keep gong for over an hour?Why didn't you say it was just a dry run, like the EBS does?  She againmade no apologies and said they had no control over what the fire dept.does in their hotel.I guess I just wanted someone to acknowledge the annoying inconvenience of our experience, but no way.  After spending $270.00for our buffet dinner, I had hoped for someone to just give me the timeof day.  So we will never go there again, with so many other choices topick from.
5	The Wynn Buffet is in my opinion, the best hotel buffet in Las Vegas in terms of quality, choices and taste.There is always different stations including American fare, Italian, salads, soups, seafood, Japanese, Chinese, Southern and Indian. There are also stations with carved whole turkeys, rack of lamb and prime rib. The salads are fresh and the desserts are awesome.I love that they even have kim chee. It seems that this buffet is very "worldly" and I love that there is always something different to try on your plate. I also really like that they have creme brulee for dessert and gelatos. This place is very pricey (over $50) but I think it is so worth it. I've never had anything here that tasted off or bland. They don't rush you to leave and their wine and beer selections (seperate charge) are great.
3	Weekend lunch I think is a bit overpriced and the food is not top notch. Some food you could taste a bit generic. I don't really remember anything that really special. I expected better since many people recommend this buffet. The desserts are pretty good though but it's not worth the $40 that you pay. I've tasted better buffets in the strip
5	best out of the buffets I tried in Vegas! high quality food and great selection of both Asian/Western food... awesome dessert (smaller portions so you can try lots),  flavorful fish, fantastic veal short ribs and brisket! crab legs here were much better than other buffets. totally worth the $11 more than the typical $25 buffet. you can tell they put thought and heart into the food-can definitely taste the difference. everything was well made. highly recommended! This is definitely on the list next time I go to Vegas!
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas!  the place was clean with a high end feel.  They don't let too many people in at once so it doesn't feel crowded.  High quality, and i loved the king crab legs!!
5	The Buffet at Wynn is one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas! I really like their colorfully decorated entrance; it's very whimsical! The tables are arranged with a lot of space in between and they are located not too far from the food.I like the wide selection that they have here. Usually when there is a large selection, it is usually in exchange for the quality and taste. That does not apply to The Buffet at Wynn though--all of the food is delicious! I have tried their premixed salads and I have created my own salads and they were all very crispy and fresh. The had about four different soups and I tried the clam chowder. It was very creamy and hit the spot for me, especially after a night of drinking. I tried a lot of their entrees, which included grilled chicken, pasta, sashimi, prime rib, king crab legs, pizza, and I think I should stop here before you think I am a fatty. But oh, they also had a very large selection of desserts and fruits too!It cost about $40/person, which is pretty standard for Las Vegas buffets. I can't really say much about the staff, because the only time we were waited on was when we ordered our drinks at the beginning of our meal. I recommend coming here if you're looking for a good buffet in Las Vegas!
3	The foods just okay, not as the good as the reviews. The best session is the desserts, many choices.
4	4.5 starsThis is definitely the best buffet I've been to in Las Vegas. It's also pretty expensive in light of the new deal in town with access to about seven or eight buffets in 24 hours for $45-$49 per person. I love the entrance, which is bright, playful, and very cheery. At first you think the decor is too quirky and weird, but there is a design behind the pretty madness, and it's very endearing. Service is lacking, since our lackluster server was not very attentive and did not refill our drinks more than once. There are tons of delicious choices and selections here, and I love the variety of food. Here are my favorites from my recent visit:- Sweet pea risotto (Yes! Risotto at a buffet!)- Seafood pot pie- Halved king crab legs - Caesar salad- Pasta (I'm not sure what it was -- maybe carbonara? But I've tried all the pasta dishes, and they were all delicious)- Prime rib- Gelato (housemade)- Creme brulee- Smoked salmon/bagel/creme fraiche spread- Lamb chops- Great salad bar spread- Madeleines- Crepes!!- Basically the entire desserts roomI love the food and the ambiance. I can't wait to come back. There has been a definite slight decline in quality in the past few years, but this is still far and away one of the best buffets in Las Vegas.Tip: Don't go during peak lunch and dinner hours (starting at 12pm and 6pm -- INSANITY)
5	I've been here twice. Once as a omnivore, once as a vegetarian. And I have been impressed both times. As far as Las Vegas buffets go, this is the best. If going on the weekend, here's a tip: go right before the end of brunch, then you can enjoy brunch and dinner food while saving yourself from the dinner pricing. Yes, I know that is probably a popular tip, but still a good one.The first trip was back in October 2010 with my mom and cousins. The food was awesome. This was a while back, so I don't remember exactly what I had but I remember it being great.The second trip, which I'll describe in more detail was this past weekend (September 24, 2011). I'm mainly eating vegetarian these days, and I went with my vegan bff. I was excited to try this place and try the vegan options since I eat a lot of vegan food and heard that the Wynn was vegan friendly. In short, I was pretty much blown away.  The chef came out to give us a tour of what was vegan and vegetarian on the buffet line. We got there at the end of brunch so breakfast foods were mainly out, though he told us some things that would be coming later that were vegetarian/vegan friendly. He truly was knowledgable too. Most people, even some chefs don't know that marshmallows are not vegetarian, but he did know that...so I feel like he did really know his stuff. As for the food, there is a lot too keep even a picky vegan like my bff satisfied. The pasta station has vegan alfredo, vegan meat sauce, and even vegan ravioli that were super delicious.  There were delicious quinoa and corn cakes as well. Even vegan desserts like coconut sorbet, mango/coconut/lime mousse.  I loved the curried lentils and chickpeas as well. My very favorite item was the sweet pea risotto (vegetarian, not vegan). I could have eaten more and more of that.
5	So far, my favorite buffet in las vegas.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, the buffet is "expensive" but you're getting quality, m'dears!  Just fork up the extra 10.00 to experience a little more quality in the food. I missed the crab legs, but considering all the other foods were delicious and the shrimp I got was super fresh and tasty, I'm SURE the crab legs were excellent.  I won't go into detail of what I got, but this buffet is HUGE.  two rooms for ONLY desserts which included home made gelato, and the buffet line is awesome.  Salad spread was excellent and so were the other entrees.  I know it might sound lame but the tastiest thing I had was their pizza! Super thin and perfect!  The hand cut bacon was bomb as well as the prime rib. I think they can work on their sushi and other seafood items, but other than that, it's still tasty.  I got here at a perfect time- just when brunch was ending and dinner stuff was coming out so I had the eggs, sausage and other breakfast items as well as the lunch/dinner items.So far this review kind of sounds like a 4 or a 4.5 star, but what tipped the scales to a full 5 stars was the fact that they had congee (chinese rice porridge) with all the fixin's including 1,000 year old duck egg.  (I know, sounds gross it's def. an acquired taste).  Besides the food, everything was nice- seats made of what seems to be real ostrich skin, the silverware, the plates, everything was very clean, and the buffet tables were lined up straight so there was PLENTY of room to go from food item to food item without bumping into other people.
5	We had the breakfast buffet.  It was about $23 per person and well worth it.  There were several stations to choose from including expertly made omelets, Asian, Latin, granola-fruit& yogurt, bagel w/ toppings to name a few.  The hand carved ham was amazing with nice crunchy crust covering moist country ham.  Service, as with everywhere at the Wynn / Encore was excellent.
3	was here over the weekend for dinner.  have not had a buffet in vegas for many years but finally gave in and tried the Wynn.  $45 including tax and tip for dinner in vegas is a fair deal.  prime rib was very tender and my favorite dish.  had a few lamb lollipops also which was cooked perfectly but the seasoning on it was not my favorite for lamb.  it left an orange oily film on my plate.  the asian food selection was pretty good also but the sushi selection was lacking.  only a few roll selections and no sashimi.  for $45, i expected some faw fish.  the crab legs were not king crab.  it was tasty but skinny long legs were not as meaty as i like.  i like the big chunks u get from king crab.  there was a large selection of dessert but not outstanding.  i tried 5 different things and the best was a basic gelato.  very refreshing for an end to the meal.  the Buffet at Wynn is worth a try but it was not good enuf for a return visit.
2	The night my fiance and I went had NO King Crab but only snow crab and it was supposed to be a special Gourmet Labor Day weekend for $46.We felt ripped off.  Prime rib was like roast beef.  The lamb leg was super dry.  Rack of lamb was charred and has no flavor.  It's definitely only lamb flavor for sure!My fiance and I only ate snow crab legs and the desserts.  The dessert stations were pretty impressive and had more variety than Bellagio buffet. But I'm not paying $46 for the dessert only!
5	Pregnant in Vegas - the buffet at the Wynn hit the spot! Tons of variety, all very fresh. You just can't go wrong!
5	Eat It or Beat It?**EAT IT!!**ONE WORD: Quality. Wynn Buffet supersedes all other buffets in Vegas... the only competition: Bellagio. From your usual crab legs all the way to your carppaccio's, Wynn buffet is all about the best quality. You can see it, smell it, and definitely taste it. It's no wonder they were voted #1 Buffet in Vegas! Crab legs... no need for butter, the crab meat is naturally sweet! But my favorite dish of all... the lamb chops... oh god... last time I went, I had 4-5 servings of it... (drools). Word to all: Don't pay for the weekday dinners or lunches or brunches... add the extra $10-$15 and go for the weekend menu. There are more choices to choose from and the more expensive food items are available, like the different cuts of meat and various seafood items... unless of course you don't eat either, then the other dishes are much more yummier and different, to say the least. You get what you pay for right? Oh, and if there's a long wait... add the extra $10 or so to cut the line.. it's seriously worth cutting the line! Seriously, if you're in Vegas... don't be cheap... the same rules apply for the clubs... you want to get in and not have to wait? A. Get there early.B. Pay the extra dollaz to cut the line (or bouncer) tee-hee. CONCLUSION:If you ain't doin' it big in Vegas, you ain't doin nothin! Go for the best and pay for the best. Weekend dinner only! You won't be disappointed! EAT IT!!!!!!
4	The buffet was better than I expected!!There was a line but it moved quickly & it was also cheaper than I thought but we went for brunch. Of course there are tons of options. Some that stood out to me are:- Pea & mushroom risotto- Pancakes with apple cranberry crumble (my own creation)- Seafood area - all you can eat lox is dangerous for me- Gelato bar! They have about 10 flavors & toppings. There's definitely something for everyone! Also, there are many vegan choices :)
4	A very nice buffet! With 32 unique food stations, there's definitely something for everyone. That's what struck me most with this buffet. Sure you get your standards like prime rib and shrimp, but this buffet had some truly interesting and ethnic foods you'd never expect to see at buffets. It was also nice to see a good variety of vegetarian and vegan dishes -- including the desserts!
5	The best pig-out spot on the strip award goes to ... Drum roll please... The buffet at Wynn. Not only there are so many gourmet options, the food is surprisingly delicious for such volume. Now, on to tips for a definitive guide to belt breaking. Show up around 11 AM at the Q to the buffet. Once you are in, you stay as long as you please, which means you can do the brunch (try out both breakfast and lunch special menu items). Also, no need to pay extra for the express line. Take your time and enjoy the buffet. A hangout for a minimum of 3-4 hours is considered normal. So, just soak in.
2	This review is for the dinner buffet. Awful. I've eaten at so many wonderful Vegas buffets (Mirage, Paris, Rio, etc.) and this is NOT one of them. Apart from being one of the most expensive buffets I've been to, the food was bland and lifeless. There was not one memorable dish.
4	It's been quite some time since I last ate at the Buffet at the Wynn.  And last time it was for FREE since I won it via their slot club.  This time around I ate here for breakfast but I had to pay.  Was it worth the $20?I'd say YES!!  Take a look at these good eats (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=B3Xo0-vk4ryKJLKqDI7fHg).  The highlights were definitely the Eggs Benedict and Salmon Benedict.  Cooked well with the Eggs still runny just the way I like it.  But the one thing that I couldn't get enough of was their Bacon and Egg Pizza.  I ate 3!!  So good!!And off course, their desserts are still the best part!  I definitely go crazy with their shooters (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=4zw4vxzVtEaZ4HH72kAwgg).  They're dangerously good!  It just really sucks that I can't eat everything over there.Wynn Buffet still delivers good quality buffet dining that a step above the rest.  And while I don't eat at buffets that often on the Strip, this is one buffet I wouldn't mind going out of my way for.
2	From all the reviews, I thought we would be in for a treat at this buffet.  But unfortunately, this place did not live up to its name.  Every item we tried was either cold or only lukewarm.  I don't know if it was just a timing thing, but when I went through the line the first time, there were only one or two servings of certain items and I didn't see anyone taking out more hot foods to replace the leftover cold items.  I was excited to try the lamb, but was again disappointed as the lamb leg was dry and so were the slices of lamb roast that I had.  Overall their food items were not flavorful enough.  Although they did have quite a variety of food items, none of the items were memorable.  The only items worth mentioning were their crab legs and cocktail shrimp.   IMO, they also didn't seem to have that much selection of desserts.  Chocolate covered marshmallows, rice crispy squares and small candied apples?!?!  What were they thinking?   For the price that we paid, I expected more fancy and exotic types of desserts.  You can bet that I will not be coming back to this buffet again.  Save your money and go elsewhere.  This place is definitely not worth the $35 that we paid.
5	The Wynn Buffet is arguably one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas. From the gourmet fare to the delicious desserts, this buffet is nothing short of spectacular. The food at this buffet almost resembles eating fine dining quality food in an all you can eat format. There are also some very unique dishes that you just won't find at any other Las Vegas buffet, such as octopus salad.  The buffet features quite a bit of live action stations such as a great pasta station that allows you to make your own past. I highly recommend doing this because it won't disappoint. There is also a large selection of gourmet cheese, fresh fruit, unique pastas, and some melt in your mouth cheeses.  Plus if you add in the always fresh crab legs and shrimp cocktail, you got yourself a great all around buffet.  So overall, if you're looking for delicious gourmet meals, high quality meals, and spot-on desserts, all in a very bright and upscale setting, the Wynn Buffet is your buffet of choice.
4	Eating at the Bellagio buffet made me curious how the Wynn buffet measured up. At $36.95 its slightly higher than the Bellagio buffet, but in exchange you get a less crowded place - that in itself is worth it. Overall the Wynn buffet seems more innovative - they have dishes like quinoa and corn cakes, fennel and grapefruit salad, siu-mei, some curries etc. If you are a vegetarian there is a large selection of Vegan dishes. Where Wynn really excels is in the desserts - they are all very innovative and they taste very good - not as if they were put together in a rush. Compared to the Bellagio its a match in food taste and quality, what makes the Wynn slightly better are the desserts, vegan selections and lesser crowds.
4	If you want a high rollin' food baby, this place is a must to conceive that child. It is a Monday and I STILL feel full from my dinner here on Saturday. Interior of The Wynn's buffet is lovely; nothing fancy, but it's clean, but not like a sterile, hospital feeling clean, colors are mellow and the natural lighting brings the visual elements together to provide a feeling of warmth and joy. My fiance and I came in around 4p on a Saturday, were seated promptly and had no trouble getting our desired food items. The thing that stands out The Wynn buffet is their somewhat steep price. BUT the quality is the best I've ever experienced for a LV buffet. The crab legs are of higher quality than other crab legs from other buffets because it looks, tastes and smells fresher. I found it amusing that the ready to make crepes were A LOT better than the ready to make crepes at the Paris buffet since it's a French specialty. While they do offer the variety of other buffets, their offerings are quite unique within their variety. i.e their small vegan selection, which I appreciate. I would have put five stars, but I don't recall their being an all you can drink alcoholic beverage selection. And, while I know this is wishful thinking, lobster tails would have been a nice touch to even out the blow of it's prices...
5	One of the best buffets i have ever had! they have 5 kinds of ceviche. the value in buffets is definitely in the seafood. Loved the smoked salmon! the prime rib and personally sliced bacon is off the wall as well! as of 10/02/11 the price for lunch was 34 bucks. definitely a pretty penny but well worth it!
5	My fav buffet ever at Vegas,  this is the only one I go to. Worth the wait. Worth the $. Shrimp cocktail? check. Prime rib? Check. Carnitas? yes. sushi and ceviche? oh boy. The desserts are another story. I think I got diabetes last time I was here. Worth every penny and moment!
4	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  The decor is reminiscent to Alice in Wonderland because of the big, amazing garden themed buffet.  Food is great, prices are not soo much. Here, u will feel bad if u dont eat til ur tummy pops out.+ decor+ food+ quality of food+ diversity in desserts- price
4	This buffet is simply awesome!! Soo many choices, don't know what to eat. We got the $40 + $10 unlimited champagne option for dinner. Dinner choices included sushi, crab legs, indian, pizza, salad, pasta station, chinese, lots of seafood, meat n incredible selection of desserts! The decor is ok, its not fancy. We did not have to wait at all for dinner, we were seated right away. They have a crepe station which is great. Overall, the food is great n worth the price! Highly recommended!
2	I guess I didn't think it lived up to its hype..maybe it's because some of the food just didn't taste like how everyone was describing it to taste. Some of the sushi was rather gross and I saw the line for the crab legs and almost cried. I'm actually going to give this buffet another try the next time I'm in Vegas since I don't remember anything special about it.
5	The best Buffett in Vegas. Everything is fresh, well prepared, and delicious.
5	I was here a year ago, oct 2010 but I can still remember the good quality and variety of food they have available for breakfast/lunch. Eat here, it's definitely worth your money. Food choices are very varied and well cooked, heated just right. Some of the food presented were almost gourmet like. You won't regret it!
5	With Mandalay Bay's Bayside Buffet as a close second, the buffet at the Wynn is the best in Vegas, and I have eaten at almost every single one of them. Try the made-to-order pasta station.
4	I love the Wynn hotel. It is beautiful.. The uniforms the hostess wear at the Wynn def do not match the ambiance of the rest of the hotel. They are ill-fitting and unattractive. The whole place gives you a very Alice in Wonderland feel, which is cute. The food was really good. the Craving stations, prime rib was excellent! Lamb- eh, it was okay. I love that they have warm desserts as well as cold desserts.Very yummy!
3	This rating is for the value.  Sure if you eat only plates of crab legs and prime rib, it may be worth the $37 for a weekday dinner.  Other than those, nothing besides the desserts stood out.  Nice selection of salads, make your own pasta station, various seafood dishes, carving station with prime rib and turkey, a few dim sum dishes, lame sushi rolls, and lox and crab legs.  The quality isn't bad but the price is too high for what you get.  The sushi rolls were small and they had eel, salmon, veggie, shrimp tempura, and california.  Seriously for an asian themed hotel/restaurant, they should make better and more creative sushi rolls and at $37, there's really no excuse for lame sushi rolls.  Desserts were the best part of the meal.  Warm bread pudding, gelatos, the molten chocolate cake like "brownie"  Thank goodness for their desserts or else this place is really a two star for what you pay for.
4	This doesn't compare well to the Bellagio but it's still a good AYCE.The hotel itself is very elegant and classy (they did get that right).The desserts were particularly good here and there was a good selection of eats, perhaps slightly more but the food itself didn't have the right pzazz.Our server also went AWOL a bit too many times and you could never tell where he was and when he was coming back which made getting drinks on a timely basis difficult.
2	Got to admit, I dont understand why people RAVE about this place. At a price at 36.99 it is MUCH more expensive than Bellagio ($10). My question for Steve Wynn himself is why?One of the misses already is that you dont have King crab, Bellagio does.You guys have food that is mediocre at best. There was not a single thing that was great, just decent.One plus is that the dessert hall was quite cool. Trees and such and candied apples is cool, but very hard and bad for your teeth.Tip: Bellagio is way better.
2	We went because we were told they had King crab legs.  They were not king crab, but Alaska crab.  A whole lot smaller and different flavor.  Did not expect the crab to be cold!  No small forks to get the meat out, had to use my fingers.  Also, crab meat was watery.  Doesn't anyone know how to properly steam crab legs?  The salads were good and fresh.  My husband went for the roast turkey but instead of carving the whole turkey they were displaying, they cut up cooked turkey breast meat (not the same as a roast turkey).  For the price, not worth it and will not go back.  The waitress we had was wonderful and we did tip her (at least she earned it).  Tried the creme brulee and it was runny.  The spicy chocolate cake was nasty.  The pecan pie was very good in spite of the pre-made pie crust.  (I can tell the difference.)  Don't waste your money unless you just like to try to make yourself feel important by overpaying for a meal.
4	Best buffet in Vegas, and I'm not even a fan of buffets. Great variety/quality of food (even desserts), food stations are kept clean, and the waiters are well-trained. The price is a little higher than other buffets, but I see that as a plus because it reduces the crowd. There has been a line every time I've visited; just imagine the wait if the price was cheaper...
5	Not even lying...this buffet was the best buffet of my life! I wanted freaking everything they offered! Considering my stomach cant down EVERYTHING i had to choose and what I chose was amazing! They have a huge variety of foods, tons of desserts, and the seating and ambiance is really calm and relaxing! Price was a little steep but I think it was almost worth the price.
5	great food. a lot to choose from. there was food from all different types of cuisines. i really enjoyed the mashed potatoes and salad bar. the salad bar had a lot of dressings and toppings to choose from. the prime rib was also yummy. dessert bar had A LOT. good variety. it was  well worth the money we paid for dinner. I will for sure come again any time.
3	Downhill.... We make the Wynn Buffet one of our highlight evenings every trip and have done so many times a year for last few years.  I have always felt great in recommending Wynn Buffet as the place to go for King Crab, huge fresh shrimp, fresh carved turkey and unique game.  The pasta and wok stations are great and the desserts are top notch.  But....no more.We were amazed that there was no line at dinner time.  We walked directly to the cashier and wondered if they were closed.  Word must have gotten out.  The crab is snow crab, ok times are tough.  But you can serve cold king crab and dip it in hot butter.  But ice cold snow crab?  Add to this the shrimp is now about 30ct vs. the 22 ct size they had prior (about 1/3 smaller).  Even if small that would be ok but these were not fresh they were just wet and soft.  Some of the unique dishes are just MIA such as leek cakes.  There are almost no beef dishes other than prime rib.  They used to have venison or game and that is just gone and the dishes they do have suffer the indignity of poor rotation as I never expected at The Wynn.On the plus, the desserts are still the best.  The warm brownie is fantastic.  They have a crepe station and do creme breuille.  Also we had excellent service though others have issues in this area we always have had great service.  And, I suppose you could say it is a plus...there is no line...and I suspect it will stay that way.
5	I have never been to a better buffet in my life.  My mistake was getting too much towards the entrance.  There are SO many items towards the back, all divided by ethnicity.  So impressive!
2	I was SUPER excited to eat here... but left unimpressed. Sad face. I must say, the Bellagio buffet is hands down the best buffet in Vegas. Sorry Wynn buffet!HUGE selection of items. Salads, cheeses with crackers, pastas, fish, ribs, turkey, chicken, prime rib, mashed potatoes, crab legs (NOT KING CRAB), sushi, desserts, etc... the layout is VERY nice and the restaurant is VERY clean. Our server was super busy and wasn't as on it as I would have liked... but eh, what can you do? I normally try a tiny bit of the things that look pleasing to me and then go back for what I really liked. I ended up liking the mango salsa mahi mahi (VERY tender mahi mahi), the mashed potatoes (yummy buttery goodness), and the prime rib (prime rib is prime rib). Nothing exciting. I tried almost EVERY dessert. Literally. Hell I'm paying $44 for dinner, I should be able to! I liked ONE. Yes. ONE. And it was OKAY. I can't even remember what it was. Sorry Wynn buffet... I won't be back... I'll be chillin at the Bellagio buffet!!!
3	Came here with a group of my friends for dinner and was disappointed. I will not listen to a certain someone in this groups when it comes to picking a place to eat. Little did I know she keep raving about how good this place was, but in reality, most of us complain how much it sucks. I was glade we did not come with her and her bf on another food night out the next day to get prime ribs, instead we went to this Italian restaurant which I suggested and I think that was the best meal we had in Vegas with the five of us that night.Anyway, back to my review of Wynn. I have to say their quality was decent and the food was bland. Although the food display look nice, it did not go down my throat smoothly. I do not think I will waste $42 on something that is not worth eating.
3	I didn't really feel like a  buffet, but the dinner buffet was pretty good. The crab legs, prime rib, and different sorts of selection was good.  I didn't like how the crab legs were split in half and they never put too much crabs out.Dessert was good, but I wouldn't say this is the best buffet. I had better.
3	I was disappointed in their madeleines, too spongy and no taste. Waffle was dry even after being drenched in syrup. Cheese selection was not as extensive as I'd hoped. Prime rib flavourful, creamy horseradish was too creamy (no zip at all.) Streaky bacon was crisp even after sitting out. The croissants tasted like the pre-proofed ones I get from Trader Joes. Omelettes perfectly cooked. Dulce de leche dessert was good, took me a few spoonfuls before I came to that conclusion. Chocolate cake bittersweet. Cream puff good nice creamy. Raspberry cheesecake, white chocolate dipped marshmallow and red velvet mini cupcake all "Meh." Gelato was the Bomb! I liked the chocolate but the White Espresso made my day.
2	When you think of The Wynn you usually think of quality, not this time. The food was average at best . The food that was supposed to be hot was luke warm. The shrimp and the seafood were ok, I have had just as good at cheaper buffets. The potstickers were very good and made a couple of trips back for those. The desserts looked great but tasted average. The cheesecake probably was the hottest food I had there. I will say the wait staff hustled their butts off and didn't let a drink get close to half empty. What did I pay for this experiance? 40 bucks plus tax. For the quality of the food for the price I paid it was not worth it at all and probably would say the same thing if it was half the price. I say go to one of the smaller casinos buffets or one off The Strip at a locals casino. Would not reccomend and will not return.
3	there was no line. we came at 2:45 and there was no line but since the wynn is at the far end of the strip, its expected. its probably the priciest of all of the buffets. there was a large selection and different stations. seafood, italian, asian, american, mexican, salad, cheese/craker/meats, soup, and fruit station. and a room just for desserts. the menu options was unique and gourmet. the bass and ceviche fish was very tender and had great flavor. the crab legs were a little under seasoned...but i loved how they already cut the legs in half, taking out the grunt work of eating a crab leg. there was a large selection for vegetarians.it was good, but for that price....i expected better. nothing really stood out as amazing that would make me come back.
5	Excellent quality and ample choices at each station. great presentation and very clean
4	This is probably the priciest buffet I've been to in a long time. On the other hand, it's also probably the top one in Vegas. I've tried the bellagio and other "top" buffet places, but the food options here are really good and they keep the food hot, unlike other luke-warm buffets. You can't go wrong with a custom order crepe for dessert!
5	This lunch was amazing. truly amazing.I came on Saturday so they were serving their brunch menu but it goes until 3:30 so we just treated it like lunch (lol) and the great thing is--you totally can! They have soo many different kinds of foods--even at brunch they had a whole carving station with prime rib, etc, whole dessert bars, and of course the classic made-to-order omelet station, just to name a few.My favorites were the SPLIT PEA RISOTTO, fresh salads, and desserts (:pizza was kind of disappointing though.
5	I only ate at the Wynn buffet once, and I'm surprised my heart didn't give out immediately afterward. I had two rounds of dessert, paired with two rounds of lunch, and maybe some water thrown in there. It was amazing.Sure, it's pricey, but it's the value effect - pay this much, eat this much. It never ends. You can eat forever. It's like a big fat magic trick that every Vegas-goer can participate in.I don't even remember the main courses offered (things like pasta and sushi), but I certainly remember dessert. There are pastries reminiscent of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, scoops of ice cream, and lots of tiny tarts and cakes to choose from.Or don't choose. Just try everything because you can. Yeah, it's disgusting to think about, so don't. Unbutton your pants and let the Wynn begin.
3	Shrug... maybe I am not the best person to review a buffet because I never really do it justice. For $40 dollars I don't think this buffet is really worth it (probably because I am not a big fan of the snow crab legs). However, I did think the Lamb was done really well, it was surprisingly spicy and very moist. Other highlights from my meal included this spicy tomato and sausage pasta that they provided. As for the desserts I was not really wowed by anything but I did enjoy the creme brulee. The service there is decent, so the overall experience is decent at best.If you get there and the wait is more than an hour I would definitely suggest checking out one of the many other restaurants in Vegas.... well that is unless you can really pack it away, in which case, wait and feast to your hearts content or the limit of your waistline.
4	About the same quality as Bellagio...but you pay extra $$$Came when it first opened and wait was super long, but I hear that the prices has gone up even more.Standard buffet line ups: crab legs, prime rib, shrimp cocktails, veal chops, sushi and other shit...my fav was the made to order risotto.Really wanted to try the brunch in our most recent Vegas trip $30.95pp but didn't get up early enough...haha, happens when you're in vegas.Again....wear stretchy pants!!!
5	Great service from the endless mimosas to the huge variety of food and the nice staff.
2	Meh.. For the price, I expected a lot better. I still stuffed my face though. Cuz, well, you know, it's buffet..
4	Came here for dinner around 6pm on a Sunday and surprisingly there was no line.  I like how they cut the crab legs in half, just stick your fork and eat.  Pretty similar items to Bellagio.   Good thing I don't live in Vegas because I think I would be addicted to these buffets.
2	Ew ew ew. This buffet was WAY over priced! I feel bad for making my boyfriend take me here and spending all that money because I didn't end up enjoying it. $40 dollars per person for dinner yet the food was mediocre? I remember going to the Bellagio buffet a couple of years ago and it was way better and cheaper, $28 per person only on a weekday.Although the selection was not bad, every dish I've tried (and I tried a little bit of almost everything) was either undercooked, overcooked, or bland. I was looking forward to the Chillean sea bass but the quality of the fish was clearly no good. The fish tasted EXTRA fishy, kind of dried out rubbery at places, and it had the texture of cheap tilapia. It was definitely not the melt-in your mouth texture I was hoping for like so many other reviewers have mentioned. I love sushi but I did not even bother with the sushi rolls because it looked dinky and "poked" at. I remember the sushi at the Bellagio was actually pretty good.  Whenever I visit any buffet, I have to stuff my face with crab just to make my meal worth it. The crab legs at the Wynn were disappointing, too. There was a long line to get them so I thought they would be awesome but to my dismay, they were cold and sitting on a bed of ice! I quickly found out that you can go to the grille section and get them warmed but come on, cold crab legs and the only option is to warm them on the grill? At the Bellagio, they do the same, cold crab legs split in half, but least you can ask the chef to heat it up with some butter sauce.The rest of the foods were not memorable at all. The dessert section had a huge selection including gelato and a crepe station but nothing tasted out of the ordinary. They were mostly pastries and petite cakes that looked amazing but when I tried them, they tasted like pure fondant! Who the heck wants to eat desserts that taste like pure confectioner's sugar? There was no fluffy pastry/cake texture and even the chocolate desserts did not taste very chocolatey.  I've had better more creative gelatos and the crepe station was not a hoot either. The toppings were mostly frozen and preserved fruits and there was no utella. How do you have crepes without nutella??Overall the ingredients put into the food seem fancy smancy (exotic herbs, spices, and what not) and they have fancy smancy names, but the quality, presentation, and  culinary skill was just not there. What a disappointment. I will be going back to the Bellagio next year.
3	I had declared this the best buffet in Las Vegas, but I was a little disappointed because I remember it being better the last time I visited, about two years ago.My friends and I came here for lunch on Saturday, so we paid the weekend buffet price. The line was really long, so we each paid an extra $12 to get to the front of the line. This is worth it if you're hungry, and it includes a mimosa too. We were seated in no time, and we would've likely waited over an hour in the regular line. So far, so good.The brunch options were not extensive. There was an omelet station, and your standard brunch fare: eggs, bacon, waffles, seasonal fruit, etc. There was hardly any seafood, aside from some smoked salmon and shrimp cocktail. The weren't even crab legs in sight. I would've liked more gourmet offerings, especially considering it was a weekend and I paid close to $50. There wasn't really anything memorable. I probably enjoyed the desserts more than anything else.
3	This used to be my favorite brunch buffet, but it has since gone downhill. Wait is still about the same for brunch, approx. 1hr. They no longer carry king crab legs and the quality of the food isnt as good as it used to be. They attempt fancy foods, but they're mostly bland or lacked something. Nothing stood out and i tried about 75% of food that was out. Big disappointment and a waste of time and money. At this point, none of the higher end buffets are worth it. I guess i'll be sticking with green valley, m, or rio. Sorry Mr. Wynn but i'll be taking my appetite elsewhere.
3	I usually avoid buffet places because buffet for me = binge eating festivities and I don't like seafood. But this time because I went with the family (and they're seafood maniac), I must go with the flow otherwise I'll end up eating cup noodle alone in the hotel room. Plus, the meal was comp ( I think usually around $40?) so I don't see why not...right?We didn't have to deal with the wait since the meal was complimentary. But based on what I saw I'm pretty sure it would've take at least a good half 45 minutes just to wait in the line and get seated. I'm not sure if Saturday night during the holiday season has anything to do with the really lond wait but yeah..I guess you'll have quite some time to work on the appetite...Service was a-ok not much you need get from the server besides the drinks anyway. Food is great despite of my personal liking the family seem happy eating all the giant crab and shrimp. I didn't enjoy the food as much as others but I do get the money worth by loading on the desserts. Although they all might look appealing but in terms of taste I think I've had better. I've been to this buffet place a few times and pretty much I see the same food over and over. To me, I wouldn't eat here if the family don't gamble and get the complimentary here all the time. It's Vegas and the choices for food are rather endless.
4	Prime rib was good!Other foods was decent to good.  Can't expect much from a buffet.Creme Brulee was not good.Long wait to get in.  A little pricey.
4	3.5 stars? My issues with Wynn management notwithstanding, the actual food at this buffet was great. My favorite dishes were the quinoa and brussel sprout salads, crab legs, rack of lamb, and charcuterie selection.Note that traditional eaters who want the 'usual' buffet fare might be disappointed, as almost everything here has some kind of twist or modification to make it stand out from the pack.Dessert selection kind of lacked the 'wow' factor I was expecting, although the tres leches and creme brulee were yummy. I didn't try the crepe station, a decision I now regret. :( The lines were really out of control. 45 minute wait in the regular line and 20 minute wait in the 'VIP' line. Although, it's not their fault they're popular.My only real complaint is the service. Our waitress seemed depressed and was very inattentive, visiting only once to give us our drinks and another time to refill them, never asking if we needed anything else or how our meal was going. The bulk of our service came from the busboys, a pattern repeated at the Wynn's other restaurants during our stay.
4	We came here at the wrong time. Right when lunch was about to end and dinner was starting. :( There was even a VIP line where they charge $12 pp for a shorter line (approx 15min) instead of 1 hr. We didn't want to chance it since we only had 10 min b4 dinner started and we decided to wait.Rockefeller oysters were delicious but wasn't ready when I asked about it. Minus 1/2 starAlaskan Crab was cut and freshOmelets (made to order is always a plus in my book but this should be standard)Smoked salmon (delicious and fresh)Potstickers and dumplings (ordinary but can't knock it)Corn flake fried chicken (not a fan as it was pretty greasy)Rack of lamb (server was a nazi as I asked for 2 slices)Prime Rib (I only asked for a medium rare slice and she gave me a mean look like she didn't care) Ugh, hello? You are there to serve my food!! Minus 1 star!!!Dessert: (everything was good and I wish I could have ordered more.Creme Brulee (very yummy)Gelato (4-5 different flavors and I ordered the white espresso) Chocolate rice krispy treats w/ white choc and dark chocServers were great and promptly removed our dirty plates and refilled our drinks.I'd come back but probably take advantage of lunch/dinner by coming here early. Not the best buffet in Vegas in my book but good enough. (Bellagio is still the best for me) I'm giving this buffet 3.5 stars.
5	Thanksgiving brunch buffet, available the two days post Thanksgiving. Was 38pp, and heavenly. First let's start with the fact that the early bird DOES get the worm and going when it opens just past 8am means it's emptier and quiet with no line.The decor is beautiful and seating is plentiful. Had enough food to get my fill... everything from prime rib and turkey to the giant dessert bar with gelato. I enjoyed the stuffing greatly although its probably a holiday time item only and the black and white cake which was like an opera cake.Yum. Since we're on a kick to try them all it may be a while before I'm back, but Mr Steve Wynn... you've set the bar high.
5	Came here for breakfast / lunch.  Food was awesome, servers were great and was quick to clear the tables and provide refills.  I loaded up on protein as I figured I will get my moneys worth at this place.  Shrimp Cocktail was good, Turkey was good and not dry, Prime Rib was absolutely spot on.  Overall the food was excellent and the deserts was just fabulous!  I am a desert guy if you have'nt figured it out.   5 out of 5 to the Wynn Buffet and the staff.... woohoo !
5	My sister and I truly enjoyed our experience at the Buffet. There was a wide selection of food options to choose from, and the staff was very friendly :) Would definitely come  to the buffet again.
4	I read they won an award for best buffet in Vegas so naturally it was THE place I was headed for dinner that night. Selection of food was great, service was wonderful, and loved the candy apples in the dessert section. I will be back.
3	My first visit in Vegas... and the first thing I think of is buffets. Massive buffets and great quality food. Wynn buffet was a let down. The dessert area... was where all the anticipation. BIG LET DOWN! 1) Expect a long line! Everyone and their mommas is there. 1-2 hours wait.2) About 35$3) The desserts were bland4) Average food5) The only thing I like was the green pea risotto Service was great, but we were seated far from the buffet. Getting to the buffet was like a maze.
3	So I had this listed under my bookmarks under "Best Buffet in Vegas". Guess that's gonna change...Although I'm the family member who is most willing to go out anywhere, my sister would follow only on the condition that she would go back to the Wynn Buffet. I wouldn't blame her, as on the last visit she devoured those legs of lamb by the handful. We're talking about the person who doesn't eat pork, prefers not to eat red meat and would rather stick to seafood. On the last family visit to Vegas, she kept on pestering me about coming back. Doesn't help that she's 1 year away from 21.We checked in our hotel and out of curiosity, called the number to determine the wait time. "2 hours" as of 2pm Thanksgiving Day.Me: Uh guys, we better start falling in line if we're gonna eat by 5.When the family got to the buffet line, we noticed that it looped around once ending at the "Mojitos" sign nearby. It only got worse. Turns out there were 2 lines, a line to GET in the line and the actual line. Luckily, the pre-line only took about 30ish minutes. When we got to the end of the pre-line, we had an option to wait in line, or skip to the VIP line, which would only shorten our line by 20 minutes (but we get a free drink), but it would cost an additional $15/person. The Thanksgiving dinner was already $45ish/person. My sister timed the entire line wait to be about 2 hours and 30ish minutes, compared to the last visit was around 45ish minutes.The dining area is very clean, on par with sit-down restaurant standards, which is saying a lot for buffets, as they usually are not.  Lots of use of floral imagery and pastels all around. We were promptly asked for our drinks. This can also be said where the food is being served. Presentation is superb for buffet food and the areas are also kept clean. The areas are segregated by type of foods, from seafoods to meats to salads. Right away the family went straight for the king crab legs and the rack of lamb. When I tasted the rack of lamb it wasn't the taste that I remembered, something was a bit off. I guess it wasn't as savory. My sister agreed, but still ate it anyway. At one point I was even enjoying my mashed potatoes more than that. I also got the prime rib, tastes like what I would get at a Black Angus as opposed to a real sit down place.The tom yum soup was too watery and didn't have enough vegetables.The pasta section was too rich for me to eat it all.The dessert section is the nicest section of them all, a huge selection of desserts. Their warm brownie is excellent, hot and moist, went well with the vanilla gelato. Their creme brulee, was bland. A good creme brulee is supposed to have a deep custard base, I felt as if I was eating more of the sugar than custard. Bread pudding was pretty good, warm and stiff. Funniest part about the experience was that my sister and brother got those candied apples. It was too hard for them to directly bite into it, so they kept on tapping it with a fork. My sister got tired of it, so my brother kept on continually whacking at it for a good 10 minutes. Finally, the candied apple broke and ate it, said "Meh". and set it alongside the food to be taken away. And so I iterate this advice to all: For the money you could be spending on a nice buffet ($40ish/person), spend it on a nice sit-down restaurant.
4	My second pick for best buffet in Vegas. Some of the dishes weren't my cup of tea, but the quality of all of the food is awesome. Kind of like having samples from all of the fine dining restaurants in the Wynn. Nice way to sample different foods without paying an arm and a leg.
4	Other than the long lone to get in, this place is still my favorite.  It kicks sit-down restaurants like Bottero's and Wazuzu's butt by far.Some fav's over Thanksgiving weekend:- Butternut squash risotto- pumpkin ravioli- Oysters Rockefeller- crab legs- pumpkin pieThe crepe line was way too long, as was the wait too be seated, but otherwise, this place is still tops on my L.V. list.  I wish the server would clear out plates faster, but what could you do when they are packed?
4	We went here on Thanksgiving and it was definitely a delicious meal.  I stuck mostly with Thanksgiving foods like the turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, mashed potatoes and a roll.  But then when I went back for seconds I couldn't resist the french toast.  It is fun to be able to have Thanksgiving alongside anything else you might desire.  Also, the dessert assortment hit the spot.  I love pecan pie and the one here did not disappoint.  We went early because my boyfriend's parents were concerned about how crowded it gets on Thanksgiving (rightly so).  By the time we left around 2pm the line was down the hall outside the Buffet (so at least a 2 hr wait).  That's nuts.  The decorations inside are great and although the Buffet is huge, it didn't feel too large.  I am glad we decided to have our Thanksgiving meal here.
5	TAH-DAH ! Winn buffet and I share a love hate relationship. The brunch with all you can drink champing is deadly.- and my favorite, just can't stop. I can not start to describe the atmosphere, the food, the 100' long buffet  area to choose from.-Oh yea, snow or some sort of small king crab when i was there.-Tons of sea food  and  some sushi.-You have the roast and hot style meats.-great sections of Italian and i think there was a some cury and Indian food there too.-i believe they mix it up some time , but the selection is over the top.Atmosphere is always stellar of course because it's at the Winn.  I hate this place because they never hint of you to stop eating or drinking. Also the belly bulging after you eat, I most definitely don't go to the pool or expose my torso area. It reminds my self of  a snake. all skinny but where the snake has eaten is a buldge. after enjoying such a wonderful treat.I come here every time we visit Las Vegas. So i started at 140 lbs and i am now 200lbs. - kidding.This place is great, I have tried almost all but maybe the Belligio may be our next try.Watch out for the long lines, these can really be a let down. butt hey do move, but if your hungry, not fast enough.Thanks  Steve Winn for such an enjoyable place.
5	two things i enjoyed the most in vegas, shopping and buffet! this is the best buffet in vegas! I tried almost all buffet in Vegas! and the best means the BEST!Dont waste time waiting inline at somewhere else. since you have to wait anyways, make sure wait for something worth waiting. why its more expensive than anywhere else?  because they have better seafood, dessert, and steak. anything you name it.   It is not just any buffet, it's a wynn buffet, with wynn service and wynn quality. Love it, and now i miss it!Take some pictures, the place is super pretty and they use fresh flowers and the cakes... they look so....om i'm so hungry. Going there again soon for sure, for the buffet.
4	One of the best buffet's in Vegas. The quality of the food and the service is impeccable.
3	This review is going to be an average for all the times i've been to The Buffet (probably 3 times total?).The first two times i went for dinner i thought it was good...probably tied with the bellagio buffet as being the best in vegas at the time.Then i went there recently for brunch...and thank god it was comped or i would have been pissed.   First of all if it's a 31 dollar brunch I expect at least snow crab legs if not king crab.   I mean that's just how buffets work!The service was awful and realistically you could probably go to any of the 20 dollar buffets and get the same quality + items (and save yourself 11 bucks)
2	I went to the Wynn's dinner buffet on Saturday night 12/10/11 and was disappointed. I previously considered this buffet to be one of the top buffets in Vegas, but it seems to have gone down a bit. I wasnt bad, but it definitely is not worth it anymore.The price for dinner was $39.95 (which is like $4 more then last time I visited) and they no longer had king crab. For essentially a $50 dinner, I expect king crab, but they had snow crab which tasted old and not very good. The shrimp cocktail looked disgusting.The other stuff wasnt bad. Prime rib was good and the lamb chops were delicious, but it simply was not worth the $39.95 price tag. I actually cannot come back here anymore because it simply isnt worth it.
3	Overrated.  overpriced. Not much to say b/c its so overrated.   Why talk about overrated things?   It will only give you unreasonable expectations and set you up to become disappointed.     My dumpy friend hyped this buffet up for me and I was let down.  I'm not even going to write about Wynn buffet b/c it's not worth wasting my time.   It's not bad and it's not that great.   It's Overrated.  Peace
4	We got a free meal here with our rooms (and what tastes better then free?)Over the years I have tried a number of the buffets in Vegas (Planet Hollywood, TI, Bellagio, Aria & Paris) and I think this might be the best so far.We had dinner and there were many many choices.  I would recommend the shrimp, the prime rib, the rice in the indian station, the BBQ steamed buns.The deserts were excellent - especially the Creme Brulee.  The white chocolate espresso gelato was fantastic.The St. Louis ribs weren't that great and the Chipotle Brisket was a bit chewy.This buffet isn't cheap ($35 per person for dinner), but the food is fresh and good quality.  We just wish we were there on the weekend as there are unlimited Mimosas for an additional $10!
2	No No NoWhat a disappointment!  Way overpriced, way overrated.  It's $40 and worth less than half that.The seafood station is a joke... overcooked salmon and some sort of seafood pot pie that was disgusting.  The cold seafood was ok, but not high enough quality for the price.  The fried chicken was raw in the middle.  The lamb was chewy and tasteless.  The sushi was another joke... 2 or 3 rolls, no flavor, not very fresh.  Probably the best station was the Italian, tasty meatballs.  And the salad and antipasto stations were nice.  The best part of the buffet was the fact that there was no line... I guess that's a sign???Overall extremely disappointing, and really forgettable.Bottom line, for the money the Bellagio buffet is waaayyyy better.  And for less money, Studio B at M is also better than Wynn.
2	Warning, they have those community benches.  The one's where you sit, talk, and eat shoulder to shoulder with people you do not know or really care too.   I protested immediately and chose a stand alone table.  Crab legs were aweful.  Small skinny meatless.  The other choices were good.  Bottom line, don't expect a miracle buffet, just because it is at the Wynn.  No better or worse than most buffets in Vegas.  Better off going to a sit down restaurant, and be served.
4	Well, this is likely my last Yelp review.  We ate so much at The Buffet at Wynn, that we will never eat again.It was really kind of worth it though. We had breakfast/lunch at the buffet.  During the breakfast we enjoyed Thai noodles, biscuits with gravy, and the omelet station.  During the lunch part (yes, we were those people who straddled two entirely different meals) I loved the italian meats, cheeses, breads, tomatoes, and tapenades/pestos. Mr R loved the prepared salads and bbq pork sandwich. There's so much variety and so many areas, but the food stations are are very well organized  so there's not a lot of congestion.  We never saw lines of people waiting for food (but we did see people eating while they walked - my favorite - yay!)The desserts were all so pretty, but looked far better than they tasted.
1	Good food, horrific service and even worse-- some employees lack class and training, to say the least.  Let me first say that i had never before had a bad experience at a Wynn resort.  This is what happened to me.  It was my sister's birthday and I suggested we go to the Wynn resort in Las Vegas.  What a special treat!  For the purpose of this review I will focus on the buffet - we walk up and there is no line for dinner.  We were a party of 9 and the cashier lets us know that if we sit together there was going to be an 18% automatic gratuity charge for a party of 8- that would be a charge of about $60-at $39.95 a pop .  (keep in mind that all the waitress was going to do for us was take our drink order??)  Great advice by the cashier - we should just get 2 tables.  My 5 y/o niece is on a special diet and had just eaten so we explained that she would not be dining.  They sat us down at two adjacent tables but only gave us 8 chairs.  We didn't think anything of it, we just grabbed an extra chair for my niece and started to eat.  The waitress, instead of asking for clarification assumes we did not pay for my niece as part of our secret plan to cheat the buffet of $20-the charge for a 5 y/o.  The waitress, probably feeling burned that we got two tables, flags down the hostess and the hostess comes over and yanks the chair away telling us we only paid for 8 people!!! Holy smokes, i am fuming - I guess the problem was that my niece at this point decide to eat a piece of fruit.  Fine - i was planning to pay for her buffet but the hostess went way overboard and acted crazy.  She made a whole big scene and tried to embarrass us.  Wow!  My sister gets really upset and up and leaves dinner along with her husband.  I went to the cashier and paid for my niece and finished my dinner.  My sister calls the manager on duty to explain how upset she is and what does this guy tell her (his name is Nick-hotel manager at night-and now I know why)?  "Well I'm sorry you left dinner but it looks like your party is having a great time without you" - apparently he was checking out the cameras?  He tells her that the Buffet manager brought over a champagne glass and desserts from the counter to apologize for the way they acted.  Yes - that is exactly what my sister needed to hear.  Alright - end of dinner - we walk out but my mom stays behind - my mom hears the hostesses laughing at us and cracking jokes about how they caught us trying to rip off the buffet and how they embarrassed us.  She calls them on it and and they all shut up.  The food is pretty good but some of this staff needs to be replace asap ( i think her name was Lila-elderly lady with a really terrible attitude).  I would also like to say that there is no need for the hotel to contact me because I have no interest in EVER stepping foot in this establishment EVER again.  Management at the Hotel was also condescending and of no help whatsoever.  Kyle, "thanked" me for letting him know about the problems and he said that he would be "honest" with me and tell me that there was no way he could refund us the buffet charges even though they ruined my sister's birthday celebration.  they took off 2 buffet charges for my sister and her husband-who left the restaurant before eating- thanks so much Kyle - you are a shinning star.  Every single word I have stated here is true or so help me!  By the way the buffet is way overpriced - should be more like $20-$25...  btw, the staff probably has a few thousand years experience but doesn't act like it...  I would STAY AWAY!!!
2	I was here a couple years ago and enjoyed the brunch buffet.  Seems like the quality of food has gone down, way down.  Prime rib lacked flavor.  My waffles were dry and hard.  I tried a red velvet cupcake that I had to spit out (that was a first for me).  Everything that I tried was quite average tasting.  Considering I paid $32 per person for this buffet, completely disappointing.  A brunch buffet on a cruise ship is way better than this.In addition, they seemed very understaffed.  I finished my first plate of food and my drink order hadn't even been taken.  The server was running around with his head cut off.  At one time, the guy had 20 drinks on his tray (the most I've ever seen a server carrying).  5 minutes later, he had another 15 drinks.  Poor guys was busting his ass to serve everyone.
2	Mediocre buffet with a good selection of desserts (except for the cheap tasting gelato).Despite the Wynn-fanciness, the ambiance still felt like a chinsy buffet.  My work has better food.  I wouldn't do this place again.
4	Wow. Best buffet ever. Pay $20 for lunch, stay 2 hours, get dinner food?!?! YEAHH.Food:Prime Rib - tender as ever can beLamb Racks - so much flavorOysters -  ehhh, but w/e its oystersAlaskan King Crab - so rich and succulentThose were some of the main highlighted food at this buffet that I would eat for the rest of my life. All the other foods are just as good as well.Their desserts are outta this world too. The strawberry sorbet and other gelatos are really good. The key lime pie mousse is crazy too should try that one out.The food is without question great. The only thing holding this back from 5 stars is that the service is just ehh and the tables are extremely tight. They fit 4 people into a really small square table that can barely fit more than 1 plate per person. And with the drinks and other condiments on the table as well, it's pretty tightly packed.Other than that, the ambiance and atmosphere is great inside the Wynn Buffet. A must try if you're in Vegas. Might as well gamble for 5 minutes less, take that $20 and spend it here!
2	Oh my what a disappointment!  I had gone to the buffet in past years and my mother loves their opened up crab legs. So we had to go. But this year (12/13/11) we spent the requisite $87.00 for this buffet.  Expected the usual high quality but who hired the head chef-someone who loves spicy food? Everything was spicy, even good old American fried chicken! The lamb chops were cajun spiced rubbed (ruined for us), the prime rib was tough & tasteless. I do love their white sardines & their lox was pretty good. The crab was fair-not the big meaty legs of years past. Tempura was so spicy my mouth burned all night. Who has spicy tempura??? I complained to the manager, who said I would get a call from her supervisor, no call, no email. This is a waste of hard earned money!
4	Well... it is fitting that I'm writing my 250th review about somewhere that plays a significance in my yelp writing career... since surprisingly I have not yelped Wynn Buffets yet I rightfully decided to write this one today.  I been to Wynn once long time ago and strongly agreed with fellow yelper Jayne L. about the food being all oh-not-so-good... but wanted to see if a high end hotel such as this has finally decided to improve on their culinary skills after my hong hiatus... so what do I think this time around?  Much Better!Let' cut right to the chase and share the highlights...The meats and the fish were great!  Fresh fish and tenderly grilled meats were absolutely delicious...Crab legs were actually sensational... you know some places tends to be salty, cold, old tasting, etc.. but with this trip the crab legs were very delicious with a nice hint of sweetness to it...What were the not so good parts?  Sushi and dessert... they still don't have a decent sushi section and dessert were very limited and is one of the only few that had only 3 items that were sugar-free.  Bellagio has like 15 items that were sugar-free and Wynn only had 3?  Boo to that!The server we had was very attentive... weren't annoying by coming by to check on us and continue to keep the drinks filled to the rim...Price is still high as expected so actually if I had to choose in the future I'd go elsewhere simply because it's not "all the items" that were good.... My favorites in Vegas are typically Makinos at the outlet/off strip, Bellagio Buffet, Cravings at Mirage, Rio Carnival or Seafood Vllage Buffet at Rio...  So again, it's good this time around, but the price and the overall quality, I'd say that I'll come here once a while when and if I'm up for it.If you have not tried it, do give it a shot... I think in the near future I'll do an update on this place because now it's a tie score of 1 bad and 1 good... it's time to finally see what Wynn is all about on my next visit!
1	Liars beyong belief.  Called today to inquire the price for tonight.  Since we were trying to decide between several buffets, I wanted to get all the details.  And we made our decision based on what we were told by the Wyn,,I called and was told that the price would be $39.99 pp (more than the normal dinner price) and that there's a seafood special tonight.We get there, and the price is $49.99 AND NO SEAFOOD SPECIAL.Seriously, when we call, give us the real price, don't BS us, that's just wrong.Won't be back, the Bellagio's Buffet is just as good, if not better, and guess what, they are upfront with their prices, even listing them on their website.
4	My first buffet in Vegas! The Wynn is breath taking and I would love to stay here one day. The buffet is the same, the decor is beautiful, and makes you feel like you are in an palace with a beautiful garden. I remember having a lot of crab legs! yes unlimited. there was sushi too. Dessert selection was good. Make your own awesome pasta station. Minus one star for making me and my friends get separate tables because we didn't want to pay the ridiculous gratuity increase. whatever. I came here for the lunch I think it was about 30 - 40. yes. i know. Up to your pocket . Wear something loose because you will be eating to get your money's worth. They had prime rib here too. yes. a good selections of salads too. Fruit, etc. all that good buffet stuff. the waiters were pretty good at taking your plates and stuff from your table too.
3	Is it just me or has the quality of the buffet gone down?  I've been here when Wynn opened not too long ago and their food was top quality.  Their desserts were excellent and they provided a wide variety of foods to eat.  However, I visited here recently and felt that many of the foods there weren't as good as before.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed eating the snow crab legs, shrimp cocktail, etc. but for $40, you'd expect the quality to remain somewhat the same.  I also noticed that there weren't that many people eating here, even during prime dinner hours.  I waited only 20 minutes and the line didn't even come close to forming outside of the buffet.I still like this buffet very much but next time, I may end up just going to Planet Hollywood or Bellagio instead.
5	I heard great things about this buffet.  In the past my favorite buffet was the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood.   Guess what!  This is now my new favorite buffet.    Girls weekend with my BFF.  Went on a Saturday night at 6:30 after walking thru The Venitian and Palazzo.   We were hungry and we had no line at the buffet.  Yes it's $40 for dinner on Saturday night.  It's well worth the money.   I decided I wasn't going to fill up on sides. I'm going in for the main course.  Lamb Chops!  Okay, and Medium Rare Prime Rib, Regular size Crab Legs (sliced in half).  Did I mention Lamb Chops?   I won't tell you how many I had but I will tell you I made a pig of myself.  See my pictures. I did try 2 different salads.  One had quinoa and the other coscous.  They had no flavor.  Good thing I only took a small doloup of each one.  Everything else was very good.  The Lamb Chops were cooked medium.  Desserts!  Yes we had room for desserts.   The display was so pretty.  Everything looked delicious.  I don't like chocolate so I did not try any chocolate desserts.  I had a strawberry crepe which was yummy.  My friend had a Candy Apple along with chocolate desserts.  I also had Strawberry Sorbet and Mango Gelato with a side of a Snickerdoodle Cookie.  I wish I had room for more dessert.  I would of had a few more cookies.  The server was good about clearing our dirty plates and making sure our drinks were refilled.  No complaints.   So Glad we had to walk back to our hotel, or should I say waddle.  It helped diguest our feast.
2	Meh, I have experienced much better. Here's the deal.This buffet for dinner is $39 per person. Okay, I often pay $40 a meal for a nice restaurant. The service was good, quick refills, friendly, and fast with cleaning used plates off the table. Here are the problems with the Wynn buffet:Atmosphere - upscale mall food courtQuality of food - I did not at all feel that the quality of the food met the $39 price tag. Everything was bland and under seasoned. The salad was good. The pasta bar (chef makes in front of you) was seriously lacking in quality - white pasta shells, a few button mushrooms, and canned Alfredo sauce. The crab legs were a big hit with the crowd, long lines.We picked here and there. I wanted to try a lot of different foods. Unfortunately, all entrees fell short of me wanting to eat more than a few bites.The desserts: WOW! Really delicious, huge selection, crepes made in front of you, a dozen varieties of cupcakes, pies, a variety of gelato, cheese cake, all in bite size pieces. My favorite: the molten brownie. Least favorite (of the ones I tried): key lime pie. All in individual serving sizes.Moral of the story? Wonderful, tasty, tempting desserts, and mediocre food. So don't fill up on real food, do dessert first!
4	Great place to have a nice buffet style dinner.  Excellent crab legs, they are split in half so they take no effort to eat.  Delicious.  Great salad bar, great desert options, a lot of options.  Atrium like atmosphere, which I found nice, my gf however did not, she thought it was kind of like a food court.  Overall a decent place to escape the tables and get full.
4	This was probably one of the best buffets I've eaten at. The only complaint I have is the RIDICULOUSLY long lines. There's an inside and outside line so note that the inside line takes about an hour. so for the Christmas eve dinner we had to wait a total of 2.5 hrs starting at like 4:30pm. Even though I wanted to poke my eyes out and pull my hair out of restlessness, the food was pretty damn worth it. Crepes. Gelato. Prime rib and Precracked crab that makes it easier and faster to eat.   Salad bar was really yummy but they overdress it a little bit. After dinner coffee wasnt too bad either for a buffet. Holiday Price was $50 though -___-'' extra $10-12 or something for the VIP line. Maybe you can go gamble and win that extra $10 so you can save yourself 2.5 hrs of waiting.
4	The food is great..big fan of the veal! and hen! There are a few things that could be better in quality like the sushi and pasta bar, but overall a pretty good array of foods. The service is good, not spectacular but good. Worth the $40 if you eat the way I do, buffet wise I'd still rank this one 1st place..followed by the paris and bellagio.
3	Super long wait (expect to wait an average of 2 hours).  More costly than most Vegas buffets.  Great selection of desserts (including gelato, crepes, creme brulee, and cakes galore), and many different types of cuisine but nothing super amazing in quality or taste.  My mom enjoyed the lobster bisque and my uncle liked the grilled pork, which was super fatty so not for me but I know it adds extra flavor.  Overall, I found dinner wasn't worth the price.
3	What they do have is solid. What they lacked seriously disappointed me. I wish I'd have known about the VIP line where I paid $12 extra and didn't have to deal with the 2.5+ hr line but did get bottomless champagne... Holiday price =$50. My highlights of the night was getting seated and the leg of lamb (ask for it grilled!). They didn't have a selection of sashimi or real sushi and their Alaskan king crab legs were precut and cold. Their Prime Rib was solid but doesn't everyone have that? Nice atmosphere. The waiter was polite and helpful. No more visits from me here...
5	Can't beat this buffet. I always eat here when I'm in town.
4	Came here for the breakfast buffet and since it's still the holidays, we ended up with the holiday brunch buffet. It was $35.95 and for that price, we were able to get the best of both worlds: breakfast and lunch. Oh wait, and a third world: DESSERTS. Breakfast: skip the eggs benedict, hit up the omelet station and the pork sausages. YUM.Lunch: wasn't the biggest fan of any of their fish entrees or their sushi, the pastas were all right, ALL the potatoes (mashed, sweet potato + marshmallows, and roasted) were amazeballs, the prime rib and the bacon were very flavorful and didn't even need any extra sauces Dessert: die for the rocky road, pecan pie, and the key lime pie mousse, cheesecake was allright, bread pudding was not too shabsters, and I wasn't the biggest fan of the ice cream (but maybe you'll have better luck)... there's also a ton of pastries that I skipped out on but you'll find anything from croissants to danishes. We got here around 9:30 am so we didn't really have a wait but about an hour after we got there, there was a huge line. I'd definitely keep that in mind when planning out your time.I'm not sure if you can expect the same (or a similar) spread during their regular breakfast buffets but based on my experience, I think the lunch may be more worth your money. I think I'll definitely be back -- but maybe for lunch or dinner the next time around!
3	I'd give it two stars if it wasn't for the fact that we had our meals comped due to points racked up on the slot machines.  The entry into the place is horrible.  After meandering around a roped line, you have to pay at one of four open registers.  Problem is that there are two on each side, so if you go to the one closest to the part of the line you are standing at, someone else goes to the one beyond yours and potentially ends up in line to enter the restaurant before you.  It's so disorganized just to get through the cashier line and is so congested with people that by the time you are seated, it feels like you've already been through an adventure.  The food was ok, not worth whatever it would have cost to pay full price.  As much as I try to like other buffets, Bellagio and the M Resort are my tops.  While the Wynn was a winner at slots, it was a loser at the buffet, other than desserts.
4	The Bentley of Buffets-----------In direct contrast to yesterday's horrific TI buffet experience (think Peter Griffin and his bumper sticker that said," I lost my self respect at Wes's house of ribs"), this place is a feast for the eyes... And the palate. The first thing you will notice (aside from dropping $160 for a party of four buffet), is the fresh flowers that adorn the main entrance. Vibrant colors, professionally  created floral arrangements. "Cornucopia" comes to mind when you come to the various buffet lines. Tender servings of ginger-infused maki, salmon wellington, roast game hen, and even congee with fried cruller and 1000 year old eggs. Even the fruit selection is a cut above the rest. These guys know how to pick and serve pineapple (here's a hint, TI: cut the heart before serving!). The desserts are equally delectable, with raspberry cheesecake, various gelatos, and cream puffs with vanilla bean-flavored cream filling. Not everything was a hit (the bread pudding was a bit too dense; the smoked salmon was not sufficiently smokey; the candied apple shell required Fixodent to give your teeth extra "bite" power), but all in all, still worth checking out. And if you come for New Year's Eve dinner, they add lobster to the menu offering. But it becomes $64.95 per person (don't say I didn't warn you).Bon appetit!
4	Hands down the best buffet in Vegas!  Great selection and quality. The presentation of the food and freshness is great. It can get crowded so you might need to wait for a while before being seated. They also have an above the average wine list and alcoholic beverages (for Buffet restaurants). I have come to this place 3-4 times and I have never being disappointed. The staff is very attentive and friendly. So if you are in Vegas and want to try probably the best Buffet in town, don't hesitate and come to this place. Just remember, this is a buffet, which means that you go for the all  you can eat- international-vast selection-already cooked food!! So for a buffet,  you are probably not going to find anything better in LV.
5	We went to Wynn Buffet for Christmas because we knew that, as vegetarians, we'd have way more options here than anywhere else.The wait was LONG, clocking in at about 3 hours.  It went by fairly fast, and waitresses brought water bottles around for everyone.  One thing I wish someone would have remedied was the screaming kid who wouldn't stop crying for the ENTIRE hour wait in the inside line.  Cramped quarters, low ceiling, shrieking child.  Not necessary, one of the parents should have taken him out of there (and one of Wynn's staff should have told them so).  Once we were seated, we asked our waitress if she could point out for us which dishes were vegan.  To our surprise and delight, she went and got a chef to personally take us to every single station and show us which options were vegan.  He was so friendly and went into detail about several dishes.  My favorite part was how the crowds parted ways for us.  It was definitely star treatment.  :-)The food was absolutely incredible.  The highlight for me was the pasta bar, where you can pick your ingredients and sauce.  The alfredo (vegan!!) was ridiculously rich and perfect.  I'd live on that stuff. There were so many veggie dishes that I filled up way before getting to try them all.DEFINITELY worth the price.My only complaint is that they could always use more vegan desserts!  I think there were only 2 options when we went.
4	I visited The Buffet for a Holiday Brunch on the 29th.  Although it was close to New Years, the line to enter was not exceedingly long.  I think we waited for maybe 10 minutes.There was a wide selection at the buffet and I visited the asian section quite a few times for their octopus salad, squid salad, and Shanghai Bok Choy.  Their fish selections could be better.  My favorite item in the entire meal was something from the dessert section.  It was a small layered chocolate something.  It wasn't a cake but maybe it was a cheesecake.  It consisted of a white layer sandwiched between 2 chocolate layers.  I liked that it wasn't overly sweet and that the chocolate flavor was just right.
4	We went for dinner on New Year's Day 2012. I would rate it closer to a 3.5 than 4. My wife liked it more than me. For me it was quantity over quality. I would hasten to add that as far buffets go it was really good; as good or better than Bellagio's. On the downside, the crab legs had no taste whatsoever. They were split open for ease of eating and they were continually well stocked since this was a popular item. I tried the prime rib and it was very good, but dry without au jus. The sushi was just average. The salads were good. The sea bass was just average in my opinion. The shrimp was very good--firm and fresh. Cocktail sauce has some kick!The wife got lamb and loved it, and lamb stew and said it was very good.She also tried the spiced lentils and curried chicken.Overall, the selection is excellent and the quality is high. I appreciate how difficult it is to serve high quality food on a buffet line. But there are so many people coming through that the turnover is high and the food should be fresh. I think we got our $80 worth ($40 each). But I ate too much and felt the consequences thereafter. Our resolution for 2012 is no more buffets!!
2	The quality of food has gone way down.  Every time I've been here, they have had the sashimi poke salad and other great quality seafood.  This time, no poke salad and the quality of food was not up to Wynn standards.   It felt like they took common ingredients found in other buffets and just made it a more "gourmet" dish although it wasn't gourmet at all.  Wynn buffet has always been a staple high end buffet that I would no doubt visit regardless of its long line and price but this is the last time for me.  Vegas has too much to offer to come back for sub-par food at the Wynn.
4	Come here EARLY!!!  We got there at 10:30am. and there was no line.  By 11am., we saw a long line forming and within just a couple of minutes, that line became a 1 hour wait.  Breakfast/brunch ends at 1pm. ($39.99) and lunch starts at 1pm ($49.99) but do remember that if you don't get your lazy butt down here by 10:30am., you WILL be waiting for at least an hour before getting seated.  I'd never come here for lunch or dinner after seeing the never ending line.   The decor inside this place is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!!!  Not to mention the buffet kitchen area was just as gorgeous as Scarpetta in beverly hills.  Love the layout.  They pretty much serve everything from Chinese to Italian.  All the different cuisines are separated where you can easily locate and serve the type of food you wish.  One reason I'd come back here again....THICK SLAB OF BACON!!!!!  O.m.g.  This thing can't be good for your diet but who cares when you're in Vegas!   It's pepper crusted on the outside and maple smoked on the inside.  If you love maple smoked bacon, you'll want this bacon to be the last meal on earth.   Only reason why I can't give them 5 stars is because I wasn't impressed at all with their dessert station.  Despite the abundance of different types of desserts ranging from macarons to sorbets to cakes to cake pops to mousses and many more sweets, everything was TOO sweet.  Tasted like something from a market.  Basically, low quality.  Even cake mix would taste better than the way they make their desserts.  Very disappointed.  Skip the dessert unless you absolutely LOVE sugar.  Service is outstanding and everything about the ambience can't be more perfect.  The menu difference between lunch and dinner is crab legs.   Unless you're willing to wait over an hour JUST to eat all you can eat crab legs, you'll be able to eat all the prime ribs and ham for breakfast/brunch time as well.
1	Do not go here. This buffet has gone down hill with quality since they first opened. Cooked Fish options were ice cold and our fried chicken was raw in the middle.. Management did not want to acknowledged our complaints and were just blatantly rude. Stay away you'll find better food elsewhere
5	The breakfast buffet is out of this world, and at like $18 it was a steal. I never wanted this buffet to end, and the different selections offered were fantastic. They've got your breakfast favorites, some brunch hits, and even some lunch options which is great  when you're not in the mood for breakfast in the AM. But the real kicker is their dessert buffet, which is a walk-around square of awesomeness. The dessert buffet definitely requires a second (or third) trip.
5	SO DELICIOUS.  Pro tip: lunch ends at 3pm, dinner starts at 3:30pm.  Dinner is about $15 more expensive than lunch.  Go 20 minutes before lunch ends, pay lunch price, eat all the delicious lunch food slowly, take walks, enjoy, save some stomach space.  Then check out what they break out for dinner!Favorites:1. pea truffle oil risotto - creamy & delicious & truffly.2. creme brulee - this was a dinner dessert.  VERY rich, but small portions so not overwhelming.3. cold seafood: squid ceviche, cocktail shrimp, smoked salmon, creamed herring4. pastas both in seafood & italian sections5. slices of flank steak - not dry, quite flavorful, cooked medium rare.The less goods:- big chunks of fish in general I thought were kinda dry and not terribly flavorful- cup of thai beef salad was weird and definitely not thai and just vinegary & weird.- Indian food at dinner: not as flavorful as Indian food in an indian restaurantService was great - very friendly and attentive.  Over all, a huge selection of food with a lot of light options, so that you can try a lot of awesome food that you wouldn't normally get to eat without feeling disgustingly full.  Major thumbs up!
5	PLAY THE WEDDING BELLS BECAUSE I MAY JUST BE MARRIED TO THIS PLACE!  The Wynn hotel is already an amazing place, and they knocked my socks off with the ambiance and quality of food.Just to let everyone know, my family and I ended up paying around $50 /person only because it was a "special holiday price" -- it certainly can put a dent in your wallet, but that made all of us really want to make our money's worth.  The size of the buffet is huge as it spans the entire restaurant.  It's so organized too as they break up the different sections from American, Salads, Asian, Cold food , seafood, desserts, etc.  You will certainly find something for you and new here.  There are just too many options for me to list my fav items here, so i guess I'll have to make you go there!!Another thing that sealed the deal was the dessert section.  Anyone that knows me, knows that desserts/pastries are my weak point.  They had crepes and gelato too!  Yes, crepes and gelato!!!!  I was already so full from the main buffet that I knew I had to save room for dessert!  Quick tip: Take your time when you eat.  Feel free to walk around and just digest before going for your next round.i'm glad to say the Wynn Hotel Buffet has certainly retained me as a future customer.  My only criticism the $50 price tag.
4	This review is for the Buffet at Wynn and not for the hotel/casino as a whole. I want to start off by saying that according to many publications and the voice of "the people", the Bellagio buffet and the Wynn buffet are the most popular and highest quality buffets in Vegas. I've been to both as well as many "lesser" buffets in Vegas but I'm only going to compare the Bellagio and the Wynn in this review. In a nutshell, I like the Wynn buffet better. Quality isn't the issue, as both buffets have fresh, quality food items offered. I like the Wynn better because of space and location. At the Bellagio buffet, the layout is cramped and it feels like I'm in a Wal-Mart on Black Friday in Philly. Vegas is crowded, I get it. Even the biggest agoraphobe has to recognize and accept this. However, I don't want to deal with this when I'm trying to get my eat on. At the Wynn, the layout  feels more spacious and the tables are spaced apart enough so that even if the place was full, you feel like you're at a table in a traditional restaurant. Location: the Bellagio casino/hotel is more centrally located on the strip so naturally it would attract more people to their business. With this unfortunately brings some people you don't want to be around. And when I don't want to be around them normally, I certainly don't want to be around them in a buffet. Consequently, the Bellagio seems messier and dirtier when busy for the same reason. The Wynn is located farther down the strip and most people don't feel like walking there. Relaxing and enjoying a good meal at their buffet is a reward for your exercise. I don't know, maybe I'm nuts or maybe I've been to the Bellagio when it was super busy and to the Wynn when it wasn't (dinner on a weekend should have been). I suppose I must talk about the food at least a little bit, we are after all reviewing a buffet. First off, you need to know that everything is fresh. Here is some of what was offered the last time I was there (a few weeks ago): a "starter station" (the obligatory soup and salad, Italian cured meats, cheeses, baguettes with several spreads), several types of ceviches, oysters Rockefeller, an Italian section (chicken Cacciatore, various pastas, green pea risotto), an Asian section (some stir fry, some dim sum items, sushi), a roasting/oven station (with lamb, turkey, veal short ribs, lamb stew, and a traditional roast), a seafood section (shrimp, Alaskan crab legs) and finally a dessert station. That's just off the top of my head, I did not get to partake in every station. About the last sentence above, I know it's a nice place, but let's be real here, it's still a fucking buffet and you need to hunker down and EAT. Bring your family here, bring your wife/girlfriend/bf for a nice meal where each of you eat three small plates max but when you're ready for the pros, come alone or with a friend(s) that can put a hurt on some food. I enjoyed everything I had but what stood out for me was the lamb roast, the short ribs, and the oysters Rockerfeller. Everything was so good that I ate stuff I normally don't like or eat too much of like the roast turkey (Thanksgiving again, yay!) and sweets. Yeah, I'm a weirdo, I don't like sweets too much (not to mention if I eat too much I feel like dying). Anyway, I enjoyed the lime/coconut cups and the creme brulee, both were awesome. Price, *meh*, If you even have the Wynn Buffet on your mind, you should be able to afford it, so don't bitch. Toodles.
5	My favorite buffet.  I've had breakfast lunch and dinner here.  Crab legs were huge.  They had this potato ball for breakfast as an alternative to hash browns.  Really good.  Had chilean sea bass.Desserts were just okay but all the food is pretty good for a buffet.
1	I had high hopes for this place. I was NOT impressed. I'm very confused as to why people rave about this buffet! It was way to expensive for food I could have done a better job of making. I did like the dessert. But i basically got a little bit of everything and took a bite of everything. Didn't get seconds on anything. $50 for dinner (new years weekend) was not worth it.
4	Reminds me of Alice in Wonderland in here! Super cute. Good food. Can't remember what I liked best. I'd recommend getting a plate full of desserts for everyone and sharing it because they're not that good... They're super cute though! Could NOT bite into the candle apple. Thought I was going to break a tooth or something
1	I expected much more since it cost $50 per person. But it really should worth only ~$20. Not only the food are soso. The service was terrible. They do not clean the dishes fast, they never re-fill drinks unless you ask. Terrible!!
5	Best buffet in town.  All the food was great and at the right temp.  You have to try the pea risotto.  I can still image the creamy deliciousness a year later.  Stood in line for 2  1/2 hour but I was worth it.
5	Still my favorite buffet on the strip! COLD king crab legs & if you stay long enough - there's a 30 minute gap from 3 to 3:30 for dinner (unless it' s a holiday - lunch ends at 1 and dinner begins at 1 as well!) you can get more bang for your buck when dinner comes out ;) [unlike Wicked Spoon, grrr!]
5	I'm happy to bestow the title of "best buffet in Vegas" on the Wynn buffet. Finally, after five years of living in this city! Went to lunch today ($24) and it was OUTSTANDING. Everything tasted amazing, nothing was "off" as you so often will discover at buffets. I encountered nothing that tasted mass-produced. This is exactly what one would expect and hope for when venturing into the buffet adventure. So often we're disappointed... The environment is beautiful - enchanting, really. Service was perfection. The variety was incredible. The antipasti section was excellent (great for low-carbers), many different types of salads and ceviches, the pea risotto is not to be missed, lobster pot pie (was more like a stew) also fantastic. The desserts, again, most often a disappointment at most buffets (typically look better than they taste), were yummy, fresh and a nice end to a great meal.As you can see, I have no complaints. Happily will be back... PS - IMHO, Wicked Spoon is my 2nd runner up to Wynn. Between the two, you won't need to suffer the other buffets. Take it from a local. ;)
4	A wonderland of food.  I normally do not like buffet food, because I wind up getting one plate, and I'm done.  At this place, I got seconds and thirds, and it even had a good selection for my vegetarian friends.
5	Came here during the lunch buffet on a weekday. The wait for a seat [for two] was perhaps 10 minutes. Their mimosas are delish. The desserts can get stale (depending on what you choose) and are just a-ok. Other than that, everything is really fresh, continuously brought out, and there is a huge selection of different cuisines. Will definitely go back.
4	Two words: prime rib.
4	What happened to the alaskan king crab legs that we happily devoured last April?  Perhaps they're just not in season in January, or they don't serve them at dinner on Wednesday night.  Instead we had perfectly cooked alaskan opilio crab aka snow crab.  It was good, but not the same.  They had a really good sea bass and sweet pea risotto so I made a dinner plate out of those two items.  A majority of the pasta dishes were also really good, the pasta tasted like it was freshly made.  Be sure to save room for dessert!
5	By far the best buffet I've ever had. Whether it was the king crab, prime rib, sushi, and desert ALL the food was really good. At less than $50 (dinner) my friends and I felt the price was great for the quality of food and service we received. The staff was very nice constantly refilling our drinks and taking away our finished plates. My friends and I go every year to Vegas and the Wynn buffet is going to be a place where we eat dinner every year moving forward.
4	~$44 for dinner and a 30min wait were worth it.King crab, prime ribs, briskets, cream puffs, crepes, you name it and they have it... done to perfection, at least by buffet standards.
4	I hear the dinner menu is awesome but after checking out what the brunch menu had to offer, my husband and I thought it was more than enough.  I definitely ate my money's worth and took in about 6-7 plates.  Yes, I was very hungry.  If you are dessert person this place is to die for.  I was scared to touch anything b/c everything looks so pretty.  The buffet offered a little of everything....Japanese, Chinese, Mexican, American, Seafood, Salads, Cheese....anything you want, they got it.  There was so much food I never filled a plate twice with the same thing.  The price was just right for the quality of food they offered.  The line wasn't too long; there were about 25 people in line but it moved fairly quickly.  I would definitely recommend this place.....just make sure you're SUPER hungry b/c there's a lot to sample.  The only thing about this place, is that it's so upscale, that you're almost embarrassed to carry two plates at a time, but I did it anyways.  Ha!
4	this is my favorite buffet in all of las vegas. i come here everytime and i'm never disappointed EXCEPT by their crabs this time (it wasn't really alaskan king crab because the crab legs seemed small) . but other than that, their food is delicious and i would come back again
5	Buffets are always my go to food destination.  Many people do not like them for very reasons but I just love them.  It may be because I like to try so many different things and buffets allow me to do this all in one seating (well technically more since you go back and forth to the buffet.)  This buffet is a really good one and also had no line which was surprising although we did go a little over an hour before closing which was probably the reason.The layout was nice with the many various stations from pasta, to carving, to salad, to desert there was something for almost everyone.  All of the food was delicious and was not old and dried out like many other buffets.  While everything was delicious and there were many choices, a lot of the choices seemed more like side dishes rather than entrees which was disappointing.  In the end though all the food was delicious and while maybe not the best buffet on the strip it is one of the better ones.  A must try if you are looking for a good buffet with lots of different choices.
3	For around $40 a person I expected a bit more care when preparing the proteins offered. All of the fish preparations were overcooked. The lamb was a bit too gamey as well. The baked goods looked fantastic and the options seemed to be unlimited. The pouched eggs were overcooked as well, but the bacon & sausage were very good. They offer several ceviche including a vegetarian option. They also have sushi, but I did not try any of them.
4	The best buffet in town. Very high quality food.But - it is pricey. Dinner was like $45. And no alcoholic beverages with it either. Go to the lunch if possible, pretty much the same food for half the price.
5	This is hands-down the best buffet in Vegas. I've been to almost all of them, and while Wynn is a bit more expensive, it is worth it.  The focus here is on quality.  Everything is well-prepared with high quality ingredients.  I especially like the fish, Italian and Mexican items. There is also a nice selection of salads. And there is an entire dessert bar with a huge selection of gorgeous desserts.
3	It really is NOT worth $50 per person for dinner. The selection was nice, but nothing special... the snow crab legs were cold as hell... so cold that I had to take a break from eating because my fingers were frozen from eating them. The good thing about the snow crab legs were that they cut it in half for you so you don't have to break the shell open to get to the meat, so it saves you a lot of time. The main attraction at this buffet has to be the dessert. They have many desserts to choose from and they all look appetizing. But overall, I don't think I would come back here if I go to Vegas again. It's just not worth the price.
5	I absolutely LOVE this buffet. The selections are awesome. It's like a culinary trip around the world from salmon & cream cheese, pork carnitas, lamb stew, to lamb chops and orange duck. I read some people were complaining about the crab legs being too cold - 1. they are supposed to be iced, it's cold seafood, 2. you have the option to take your crab legs to the grill section and the chef will put them on the grill for you.My suggestion would be to go when you have some time. Eat slow so you can enjoy all the options possible (especially for the price). The dessert options are also numerous from gelato, cupcakes and cookies to personalized crepes.
2	Nowhere near as good food as Paris.  Maybe the Chinese New Year menu had something to do with it, but even staples like prime rib and pasta were pretty tasteless, and the lamb chops felt heavy and oily.Won't spend my money here again.
4	I've been to this buffet about four times now but.. grr.They just redid their menu, its a Chinese New Year menu...Before, they had brunch until... like... late... maybe even 2pm I want to say, but when I went here this weekend, they were already serving a early dinner menu.The food was crap this time. I had a bunch of different items from the buffet, but none were very good.  Plus, it was $52 dollars for a buffet that I didn't really enjoy.NORMALLY, this is the place to go when you're looking for a good buffet place. It's usually very high quality and the food is extremely fresh AND tasty.I had a bad experience this weekend, but I would like to say that normally this would be my number one choice on buffets. Just go when its not the Chinese New Year menu ;)
5	I've only been to a few other buffets in Vegas but the Wynn Buffet keeps me coming back every time. I had a recommendation from a shuttle driver and passengers saying that the Bellagio buffet was the best. But they're out of their mind if they think it's better than the Wynn Buffet. I've only been for the crossover from lunch to dinner. Dinner is a pricey penny but then again they have seafood for dinner. I love their noodle station, you make your own soup noodle with a chef that cooks it right in front of you. Yummm. They also have several meat carving stations, so delicious. And their best part is their dessert station. They have a chef making fresh crepes for you. You can get hand-scooped gelato or ice creams. And they have tons of mousse desserts along with creme brulee. Mhmmm yum. It's a super nice classy place. I always liked sitting in the atrium area because it's open and natural-lighting and more quiet than the inside areas closer to the buffet stations.
4	I haven't been to too many buffets in Vegas but this is by far the best buffet I've had in Vegas! The crab legs were delicious and very easy to eat and there is a wide selection of food. There was so much food, I wish my stomach was bigger. Considering the small portions of food I eat, maybe the price wasn't worth it. So make sure you limit your food intake before heading over to the Wynn buffet.
5	I used to think the Bellagio was the best buffet in Vegas, but I think the Wynn has taken the cake!  Ate here for breakfast on a Monday before leaving Vegas, everything I tried was wonderful!  The weekday breakfast buffet does not have prime rib, but they have some fantastic smoked ham.  YUM!  The dessert area is so beautiful.  No complaints!  I will be back next time I'm in Vegas!!
4	Went in Chinese New Year weekend. Lot of food. mostly asian. $40 bucks per person. Dont know if it was worth it. but food was tasty and sat there for 2 hours. DESSERTS were alot. Waitstaff was attentive.
4	Pretty worth it if you know how to eat here. My boyfriend on the other hand has wasted his $40 with only plates of fried chicken, some string beans, and some more chicken breast. When you paid $40 for a buffet, you go for the most expensive stuff!! And then fill the cracks and any leftover space in your stomach with what ever else you want to eat.First off, the staff here is really nice, we sat a small 2 seater table and our dishes never stacked up because they come by pretty frequent to clean out the unwanted dishes. Our waitress also constantly walks over just to check if we needed refills on our drinks.Onto the food, on my first round, I went for the prime rib, the sea bass, the veal, some pasta, rataloulli. Everything wasn't too bad, typical standard to a buffet. I really liked their prime rib, it was cooked perfectly medium rare each bite wasn't too chewy nor soft like you're eating mush. That only concluded the first half of my adventure to the buffet tables. I continued to the other side where the "seafood" section was and I did not touch the sushi at all. Their sushi section was a giant disappointment, it looked worse than places like all-you-can-eat chinese buffets for $10.99. I ignored that section and went straight to the crab legs. What I liked about it was that they saw the crab legs in half already so you can easily just fork out the meat without all the hassle of cracking them open. It was decent, but I quit after 1 plates because it wasn't something I can keep on eating.The cocktail sauce they had for their shrimp was a little heavy on the horse radish, not sure if it was just that night or if that's how they liked it. So instead, I ate their shrimp and crab as is. They had a cute little dessert room where trays of miniature desserts are placed out. I tried a piece of everything, but of course it was too sweet to finish all of them. I don't even know how to eat the candied apple, how the heck to you bite into that thing?!The place is designed to be like a tea garden with suspended floral arrangements in the center space and some whimsical decors throughout. It feels a little bit like you're a princess and you're about to have tea with Alice and her wonderland friends except you're chowing down on meat, seafood, and unlimited ice  tea.
4	Pretty good buffet.  Desserts awesome! Lots of variety, Asian Italian Mexican American. Greek salad and yogurt with house made granola was very good. Kind of disappointed with no crab legs offered. Service was a little slow with the refills and taking of the used plates. -1 star.Should add a star for having a restroom available inside. lol
3	Came in at 10:30 so we paid for the breakfast price, but as everyone knows lunch is served at 11. We didn't plan this, it just kind of worked out that way. HAHA. I must say the decor of this buffet is AMAZING. The main hall is filled with flowers as if you're in a conservatory. Very pretty and even if the flowers are articifial it still looks really classy. Although we didn't get a table in the floral hall because it was full, we seated at the side rooms which is just normal decor. Okay so there's a lot of hype for the fancier casino's buffets like Wynn, Bellagio, and Venetian. Although the food was good, it didn't live up to the expectations I had. Maybe because a majority of my experience was from breakfast food, but the lunch food did look pretty good from what I remembered. I was full off the breakfast food so I only had half a plate of lunch food. I had smoked salmon with cream cheese and capers, which always a nice compliment to breakfast. I was hoping for fresh waffle/pancake station, but they were already premade and soggy. I ate them anyway with strawberry compote. Loved the compote, but I guess you can't really mess that up. For lunch items I tried the mashed potatoes, which were presented nice and I think they puree it. I also tried the corn flake chicken, good but too greasey.  Overall, I would still go to Studyio B Buffet at the M resort- I don't think anyone can ever top them.
3	Quite a selection, very tasty thin crust pizza.  The rest of the food was allright, nothing really that special.  The candy apples looked tasty though.  No crab legs for brunch on the weekend, so not worth the $31 pricetag.
5	Excellent buffet in Vegas!  The Asian items could be better.  Staff really nice.  Facilities very clean.  Excellent variety:  Italian, Mexican, American, Asian.
3	It's mass produced food.  It's going to be decent or worse...never mind blowing good.  It's just how I feel...cruise buffets, casino buffets, asian buffets....the most any buffet would get out of me so far is 3.5.  This is a solid 3.  I came here on Chinese New Year.  My friend had heaped praises on this particular menu, so I decided to give it a try.  We happened to arrive near the end of lunch, and so got a better deal for our dinner.  The lunch was not all that memorable.  The food was all very solid.  I enjoyed the lox.  The candy apple, though indeed very pretty, was not that great.  Neither were the madeleines.  None of the other desserts were outstanding.  The dinner didn't seem very asian-ified to me.  It was more like they threw in a few asian dishes to their normal fare.  I think that this buffet is comparable to the Bellagio's and better than Paris Casino's buffet.  The M Casino buffet better suits my taste.  There were many items there that I thought were good.
4	If you are a fan of Prime Rib, Crab Legs and Dessert, this is the buffet for you.I'M a BIG fan of Prime Rib, Crab Legs and Dessert, this is SO the buffet for ME! :D The PRIME RIBhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=jdfrkCcUITfPje_hj07FTgSure, I can go to a cheaper buffet with (sub)Prime Rib, but it wouldn't be as tender, juicy, melt in your mouth succulent like they have it here.  For the same price as this buffet (under $40 for dinner) I can get a nice prime rib somewhere swankier but that's all I'd get with no chance of a second or third helping.  The CRAB LEGShttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=aHJgbggTOloF2UFOvyP9cgThe snow crab legs here are sweet, delicate AND delicious even BEFORE the butter and lemon.  But what fun would it be if you didn't dunk it in butter?!  I'm typically not a fan of this type and more of a dungeness crab kind of gal, but these are outstanding.  They are even split open for you and ready for easy picking!The DESSERTShttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=cIYvAnaBHdm_ji688G7y-ATres Leches, Gelato, Chocolatey Brownies, Made to order Crepes, Key Lime tarts, Creme Brulee, Tiramisu, Warm Bread Pudding with Creme Anglaise, really....I can keep going!  And there is distinguishable quality and they are definitely a couple notches above the mass-produced type stuff at the other places - presented in pretty little serveware and you can taste taste taste to your heart's content.IMHO, these are the three core competencies that this buffet has.  OK, I admit - the sushi here is not great and might be better at the other buffets.  But does the other buffet have Truffled Pea Risotto?  Nope.  Does the other buffet have Roasted Fennel salad?  Nope.  Tom Yum soup where you can put in your own accoutrements?  Didn't think so.Lucky for us we were with a buncha buffet professionals and we came for an early dinner - so there was no wait, and we split our large group into smaller tables (but still next to each other) so we would avoid the "required" 18% gratuity. We tipped well anyway, our servers cleared our table and topped off our drinks often and with a smile.So if you like the cheaper buffets with a ton of food with so-so quality, this wouldn't be for you.  But if you like to surf and turf as the way I described above and a sweet tooth that won't stop, then go to the Wynn FTW!
2	this used to be my FAVORITE buffet a couple years ago. This buffet was supposed to be one of the highlights of my trip and it turned out to be okay. I wish i had spent my time eating somewhere else. Things that changed from the last time i was here:-less variety both desserts and regular food-desserts were bland minus the creme brulee -no rack of lamb (i was told its only on friday and saturday)-no ceviche overall this felt like it was work $20/pp not $40
4	This is a buffet that you'd like to come back for more if you enjoy king crab legs.  Their selections are not that huge, but every items is cooked quited tasty.  I really enjoyed most of their items especially the dessert area.  Try to come here earlier, as there's always a huge line for the king crab legs.  Those that are looking for Sashimi, sushi and japanese food, you will be dissapointed as they don't have much selection.
4	This review is specific for the breakfast buffet.For 20 dollars, you will get a variety of omelets, pancakes, fruits, french toast, desserts till your belly popsFresh squeeze OJ and coffee is also included.Food was very fresh and of high quality. highly recommended!
2	We went for labor day weekend and I would have to say that it is not worth the wait (which was 45mins) or the price $45 per person. The dessert section was one of the better ones however it does not make up for the par food selection. Nothing stood out taste wise. I do not believe I would be back.
1	Let je Tell you i Loved this Buffet But now. Food quality??? Horrible. Prices Too High. Service just ok. Staying line 40 min. Hell no. Bye Bye wynn Buffet.
5	Fantastic buffet! The atmosphere is a little like Alice in Wonderland with fake colorful flowers and bright lights. The employees have unusual costumes that are a bit hard to explain. But the food is spectacular. I really appreciated all of the salad, vegan  and vegetarian options. The day I went, they had two different quinoa dishes! I was very impressed. The buffet is a bit pricy for dinner, but I would highly recommend it.
3	for $40 dinner, I was expecting some high-quality food. Instead, I got really dry brisket, mediocre salmon, cheap asian food, and low-variety of side dishes. The prime rib was acually pretty good compared to the rest of the buffet, but since I had to use a BUTTER KNIFE (no knives here, guys. you're going to have to do some manual labor to eat your food.), I was a bit exhausted after my first plate. They have a fairly small desert section, was was also disappointing. Their white expresso gelato was probably my favorite thing that night!
3	No Alaskan King crab! $31.95 for brunch. We came in at the tail end of brunch and stayed for dinner. Paid 31.95 instead of the dinner price, which was probably close to $40. Don't know why more people don't do this.All the stuff looked and sounded delicious and expensive, but it was far from it.  The desserts all looked really good, but I was so full from not enjoying any of the main dishes that I couldn't really eat anymore.  So disappointing.
2	WAYYYY TOO OVERPRICED for the dinner buffet!!! It was a very nice and clean atmosphere but the food selection was so limited!  Snow crab leg shells were sliced for easy peeling, but they were served COLD... There wasn't a wide variety of seafood as expected for the price paid - $50.  I will never come back here when I'm in Vegas.  I should have stuck to the Carnival World Buffet @ The Rio Casino instead (so much to choose from).
4	Delicious entrees.  Shrimp and crab legs overlooked and no taste.  Awesome desserts.  Crepe bar!
4	My friends and I did a lot of research on which buffet in Vegas was the best. The Wynn came up often, so we decided to go with it. It's also one of the most expensive, but I understood when I got there. Talk about gourmet! The selections in this buffet were definitely the fanciest I've seen. These are not your standards- there's a lot of diverse options from asian to hispanic to italian to american and more. One of my faves was the couscous, and there was an asparagus dish that was amazing. There were some dim sum and sushi selections. The star of the show was the snow crab legs- people were lining up. Lots of desserts- I'm not a huge dessert person, but the colors and variety were enough to lure me in for some ice cream, pastries and even a candied apple. I was somewhat surprised that my least favorite options were the meats- the beef, pork, chicken- all lackluster compared to the seafood and veggie options. Which was a little disappointing for how much we paid for the buffet. I would probably want to try a different one next time I'm in town, but I can definitely see why the Wynn is up there on the list.
4	VERY HIGH QUALITY INSPIRED FOOD BUFFET AT THE BEAUTIFUL WYNN HOTELI went to this Buffet on the recommendation of a friend who said it is the BEST buffet in Sin City.  Well, I haven't been to other buffets in Vegas but I can say this one who pretty awesome.To the negative reviewers I would remind you that this is an all-you-can eat buffet for $40.Overall the food was of very high quality, and was being prepared fresh in cooking stations behind the buffet; there was no wondering how long ago the food was prepared and was sitting there.  There was a genuine effort to provide inspired, near-gourmet quality food, again as close as you can get in a buffet service.Food was organized in stations by cuisine, I'll try to list what there was from memory - this is not the complete list, just what I can remember, I added comments on what I tried.SEAFOOD- Shrimp (Nice large shrimp with cocktail sauce & fixins)- Smoked Salmon on toasts with NY style fixins (very nice quality salmon)- Crab Legs - Mounds of them (delish, with drawn butter))- Oysters Rockefeller (yummy)- Sushi - several kinds of Sushi and Sashimi (nice and fresh, flavorful)- Tom Kar Gai soup (Shrimp Coconut/Thai)- Seafood Pot PieINDIAN- Curried Chick Peas (nice flavor)- Curried Lentils- Hummus & Nan- Tandoori Chicken (Very nice)MEATS- Prime Rib (did not try, but looked good)- Kobe Beef Meatloaf (very tasty & moist)- Brisket, Ancho flavored with Ancho BBQ sauce (nice flavor)- Lamb Loin Chops (2 flavors, perfectly done - Garlic/Rosemary & Mediterranean Spice)- Turkey Breast sliced with Thanksgiving fixins'ITALIAN- Papardelle - Tortellini carbonara- 3 thin-crust pizzas (nice & crispy)- Chicken Scallopini Milanese- Antipasto bar (did not try but nice selection of meats cheeses olives etc)- Bruschetta station - toasts with several toppings to choose fromSALADS- Cesar - made to order bar- Beet & Orange Salad (delish)- Roasted Butternut Squash Salad topped with roasted marshmallows- Traditional Green Salad barSOUPS- Chicken Noodle (Did not try)- Clam Chowder (NE Style, did not try)DESSERTS- Key Lime Mousse (tangy & tasty)- Warm Brownie (with fudge sauce)- Warm Bread Pudding (with bourbon sauce) - delish- Creme Brulee- Rocky Road brownies- Carrot Cake- Black Forest Cake- 3 kinds of mini cupcakes- Several flavors of Gelato + toppings (I had Coconut with toasted coconut; yum - then ended my meal with Chocolate & Vanilla Bean together)Soda was included at no cost; a glass of Pinot Noir was $14 add'l.  Some had ordered Mimosa's and the wait staff were walking around with pitchers refilling them, so they must have a bottomless deal.I did arrive early, about 630 - and there was no wait; but there was a line buy the time I left so you may want to get there on the early side if you want to avoid the wait.Overall, I gave the buffet 4 stars -- 5 stars would have required truly gourmet gourmet food, which again I think would be extremely difficult to accomplish at a volume buffet.  I think this is about as good as it could get.....kudos to the folks at Wynn!
3	*** This review is for breakfast ONLY ***We ate breakfast here one morning and the only thing that made it worth it was that if you ordered from room service at Encore everything was over the $20 price that the buffet cost.The food wasn't much better than eating at Denny's.I will give them one thing though, there was a lot to choose from.
2	This review is not for a weekend buffet. I was mostly unimpressed with the actual food. There was a pretty diverse offering which was good, but nothing was truly great. Nothing special with desserts either. Kind of what you would get at any decent buffet place in vegas I feel.
2	In one word: overrated. Went here with a group of nine people around lunch/dinner time. Not only did we have to wait for two hours and pay a gratuity tax (which I'm fine with) but they charged us extra because we wanted to sit together. Each person spent about $50+ on a mediocre selection of food. The food appears appetizing, but let's just say looks can be deceiving. I might be biased because I went here after trying the Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmo. But hey, what's good is good!
3	Pros:+Outstanding dessert bar (has like 20 delicious items)+Decent selection+Vegan friendly food available+Friendly serviceCons:-Not much for vegetarians-I expected more selection (eg: Italian pastas were missing, poor fruit selection) given the price (over 30 bucks a person for lunch)Overall:Good buffet but overpriced.
4	i came here about 4 or 5 years ago and i remember it being better.we came for brunch on a sunday...i wasn't blown away. but it was still good because the price was very good, only $30 which is same/less than the bellagio buffet which is a step down from this one. for the same price, there is alot more selection than the bellagio brunch and tastes better too.  and the other reviews on yelp were wrong, there is no breakfast (on sunday)...only brunch and it's until 3 pm. i wanted to try the coming in before 3 and staying till dinner trick...but we didnt' have time.. too bad :(,  next time. the selection was fairly big for a brunch. they had breakfast foods as well as prime rib, cocktail shrimp, 3 sushis lol, pizza, omellette bar, and dessert. the dessert section is HUGE! in general, most foods tasted pretty good, but nothing blew me away. some of the foods i remember: the gelato was really good and intensely flavored! got the chocolate and espresso.I was surprised and happy they had chinese jook there with all the toppings i'm familiar with and like, including shredded dried pork, pickled vegetables, fried bread, 1000 year old egg. that made me happy and feel like i'm at home.
3	This is the best buffet argued by many in Las Vegas.  The food is mediocre and he line during peak hours can be lengthy.
3	Price range from $20 for breakfast, $30 for lunch, $40 for dinner, that's just me rounding it up:)  Went there for dinner. Food wasn't anything different from any other buffet. But the customer service was great from the whole staff. I was impressed by the service more than the food.
2	Too expensive. Food is alright. I rather go to either Bellagio or Rio.
5	So I eat so hard muhf*ckas wanna fine meBut first ni**as gotta dine meWhat's 50 bucks to a muhf*ka like meCan you please remind me?Ate so hard, I sh*t crazyYa'll don't know that sh*t don't phase meMy weight could go, up 282And I look at you like this sh*t's gravy.Line so long, I shed tears50 minutes and I'm still here,Better drink once we in there,It's only right that we be fair.Psycho, I'm liable, to go tribal, take your pick: Roast beef, Salmon, tri-tip, plate 6.Eat so hard, I don't stop, Arteries that just don't clogSalad bar thats a waste o' time, Get in the line for their lamb chops!Ate so hard, I'm shocked too, Servers thought they'd run outta foodIf you waited how long I waited, You'd be in the Wynn, eating non-stop too.Drank so hard, we got wasted, $7 more for some champagneGold bottles, full throttle, All aboard the champagne train!You'll eat so hard B**ch behave, its by far THE BEST BUFFET,3:30, line upIn for lunch, see dinner trays!I ate so hard muhf*ckas wanna fine me..."this looks great!... this tastes great!... this sh*ts GREAT!"**** _ _ _ _ _Without question the best buffet on the strip. "...ain't it J?"
2	way overrated.there were a lot of options, but there wasn't anything that stood out for me. the place is a little reminiscence of the tea party in alice in wonderland. and we only had our drinks refilled once.
1	For all the magazines saying it was worth going to, I think they were crazy. Not only was it over priced but I tried everything and it was disturbingly unsattisfactory. I don't think anyone should have to pay that.
3	We came to this buffet right after they turned over to their dinner menu this past Saturday and paid the steep $39.99 to enter. We paid an additional $10 for the all you can drink champagne special too bringing the bill per person close to $55. The buffet here is laid out under the Wynn's beautiful flower balls and has stations themed around different foods. There is a salad station, Asian station, Indian, seafood, and lots of others. The best items on the buffet menu were the oyster rockafellar, the crab legs, the lamb (especially with the mint jelly), and the shrimp. Everything else was pretty standard, not too good and not too bad. I would actively avoid their sushi.On the desert menu, they had candied apples, and a make your own crepe station which had multiple great fillings and house made whipped cream. Exciting!I would strongly suggest coming in during the brunch/lunch hours, then stay on for dinner. The buffet is definitely worth $30, but you may not be as happy if you fork out the near $50 dinner prices.
3	I am not a buffet person, but came here b/c a friend recommended it. Was here for brunch/lunch. The line was ridiculously long, so paid the extra money for the VIP access.Our waitress was nice, but took forever to get us drinks. Maybe it would be a good idea to also have juice machines in the buffet so that people can self-serve themselves since the place is understaffed.The selection was larger (esp the desserts!) than other buffets I've been to. The quality ranged from utter crap (sushi) to good (desserts). The prime rib, fish, omelets, etc were about average. The price is a bit higher than other hotel buffets in the area, but the overall quality is a bit better, so I guess that's understandable. However, I wouldn't go again. And no way I would wait in line for the quality. Surprisingly, on my way out, noticed that even the VIP line had gotten long. Not sure what all the hype is about???
5	I admit I was a skeptic...a plethora of vegan options at a Las Vegas buffet?  Get out of here, that's a lie!  But it's true, I couldn't believe my eyes.  Before we paid to get into the buffet I inquired about these so-called vegan options thinking that there may only be one or two things for me.  To my surprise they gave me the option to have a chef personally walk me around and tell me what's vegan-friendly and what can be made vegan upon request.  The chef was great, personable, and very knowledgeable about the plant-based diet.  He walked me through every dish and nearly every ingredient, I felt like I was getting star-treatment.  At the end of my little tour I realized I could have at least half of the offerings on the buffet...and that, my friends, is exactly what I did.  I never get to eat at buffets, I exercise, and eat healthy at home, so why not?!?!  I enjoyed many things such as Alfredo pasta (custom-made at the pasta station), many different kinds of salads (quinoa salad, chickpea salad, etc.), many kinds of veggies, vegan tomato soup, sushi, ethnic dishes (aloo gobi, channa masala, etc.), candied apples, and the best vegan chocolate chip cookie baked on this planet.  Mind you, there were many vegan things I just couldn't get to...I filled up sooner than I would have liked.  Overall, this was a great experience, the Wynn is simply impressive.  I highly recommend the buffet to vegans, vegetarians, and omnivores alike.
3	I really wanted to like this place because we got in for free for playing so much at their casino and I love the Wynn, but I just couldn't.  I didn't feel like they have enough options.  Maybe we just went on an off day or maybe their lunch is not as good.  I'll give it another try if they give us free passes again :p
4	I think this might be considered one of the more expensive buffets in Vegas, but I seriously love the Wynn. I've only gone for lunch but I always double dip, arriving at around 2:30 and staying until the dinner food starts coming out at around 3:15.  The food here is amazing.  Like with most buffets, not all dishes are created equally, but if you choose the right stuff, you'll get the most of your money and enjoy every indulgent bite.I suggest avoiding the sushi section altogether and cocktail shrimp and limiting your dessert intake (I remember only liking the butterscotch pudding out of everything I had tried).  Wynn's desserts aren't bad, but most of them were just mediocre.  It's best not to waste your calories on anything below stellar.You may want to try the crab legs, but I personally have high standards for crab and would pay $40 for good crab rather than the same amount of unlimited crappy crab.  To each their own.If you're a meat eater, congratulations, you've arrived in heaven!  Not that the vegetarian selection is bad--far from it!  There's a fantastic salad bar, a mouthwatering spread of cheeses, and the two times I went, vegetarian curries and dumplings that I thought were delish, as well as cooked collards and yams.  You can also order pasta or noodles with the toppings of your choice (I love the pesto!).  But seriously, the meat is the best part.  I don't even like meat that much but the super bacon (I forget the name of it, but I saw someone else on Yelp call it that) was probably one of the most memorable things I have ever eaten in my life.  I was also a huge fan of the veal short ribs and the prime rib.  Other things I recommend would be the leek and pork dumplings (I almost could not stop eating them even though I knew there were so many other goodies to be had!).  I didn't have high expectations for the Asian section, but those dumplings were definitely the bomb!
2	Don't waste your money. Being the Wynn I expected fabulous. I got average at best. Quality is ok, selection sucks. Who knew you could split a crab leg into such a thin sliver. Was a waste of my money, wish I had gone to the rio seafood buffet.
4	I love the food in the buffet. It is definitely delicious. I personally enjoy the rice congee with the black egg, but that is an acquired taste. The only problem i have with the buffet is that it is extremely pricey. For my wife and I, i think we would pay around $100 with the tip included.
5	Went here twice last weekend. Yup, it was that good.It is pretty pricy, but if you are a big eater, you can definitely take advantage of this awesome buffet.For dinner, they had Prime Rib, Lamb T-Bone Steaks (two kinds.. one with a dry rub and another with sauce), Alaskan King Crab Legs (a bit hit!), ribs, Kobe Beef Meatloaf (WHY did they make it into meatloaf), and few other meaty options. For an extra $10, you can get UNLIMITED champagne, mimosas or (I think) Bloody Mary's. I finished a mimosa every 10 minutes while we ate there, and got a pretty good buzz by the end of our meal.For Saturday brunch, they still had the Prime Rib, they had some crazy pepper crusted thick cut bacon (forgot which sauce came with it, but it was so peppery that it overpowered the sauce), and some amazing Salmon! They always have Smoked Salmon here, a Chinese food station, and a Mexican food station. The dessert section is crazy!!! It's like a separate dessert store. Numerous choices of dessert and 6 flavors of Gelato too!! Wow. I could go on about what other options were there, but it was awesome. Go. That's the bottom line.It is really, really busy here during regular hours..so either go at opening time or just cope with waiting in line. A full line (out to the entrance) will go through in about 30-40 minutes. When they are busy, you will probably have to wait a bit to get a refill on your waters or mimosas. While you wait... eat! :)
4	A previous review recommended going in just before the change over from lunch to dinner.  Get in line at about 3:00 and pay the lunch price, saving about $11.  Dinner items began appearing at 3:30 sharp.Favorite on the lunch line was the seared kalbi flank steak.  For dinner, my favorites were shrimp, crab legs, veal short ribs and prime rib.  The crab legs were cut length-wise to facilitate fast, large quantity consumption.  Seems like most of the lunch items remained for dinner, but I was pacing for the dinner stuff so I was not as attentive as I should have been.The desserts are fresh and assorted.  The salads are dressed and fresh tossed for you.  Service is good, atmosphere nice.  No line at 3:00 PM.  This is a Wynn-er!
2	A lame lunch. No crab, no shrimp, no any kind of shellfish. Disappointed. Little Asian foo collection. Only thing I like is the gelato.
4	Great! Just like every other restaurant in the Wynn. Tons of selections and the best crab legs I have ever had in my life. The only reason I stopped piling them on my plate is because people started to look at me funny. Obviously, you serve yourself and the wait staff brings you drinks. It can get pretty loud in here as this is where families to tend to hang out during meal time. Lots of seating. it can be easy to get lost. Look for landmarks : )
5	Before I start my review... can someone tell me how are we suppose to eat the candied apples? The damn thing is hard and it's really hard to bite into it. Of course licking it would take forever  and day. I took a knife and pounded on the candied part, my table became a battlefield. Unfortunately, I lost!!! boo! I gave up after my bf shook his head and covered his face embarrassed. heheheI love this buffet. I had both brunch and dinner here on several occasions; never left disappointed. Dinner starts at 3:30: go for the sea bass in the cooked seafood section. I come here for their sea bass primarily. It's like butter and doesn't taste fishy. Snow crab legs, plenty of them and they're cut for easy eating. Their Italian, Asian and American is very tasty. Brunch: It's a little pricey for brunch but it's worth every penny! I was a fan of their bake salmon and red snapper. Go for their desert section, it's most impressive!I ate much more than what I listed. I just can't remember all of it since I had a food coma every single time. Next visit, I will take pictures and share. Line gets crazy long during dinner hours, especially during holidays and weekends!
5	Holy smokes, this buffet (appropriately called "The Buffet") is the pinnacle of all buffets. In Vegas and out. You could actually taste the quality in each item. The whimsical and classy plating also helped to enhance the experience. This buffet also stands out to me since the portions are small so you don't get a big slab of meat on your plate when all you really wanted was a nibble.The price was about $40 for lunch during St. Patty's (ugh, hate increased prices for "holidays").Favorite items: fish cakes, pineapple+coconut cup, yogurt and granola made from scratch, congee (they had a congee bar!!!)
5	I went to Sunday Champagne Brunch at the Wynn while in Vegas a couple of weeks ago. I thought it was a little pricey once you added in the champagne, but the server was pretty good about refilling my glass. The food was delicious, with some inventive items on the menu that I really enjoyed. It was a pretty impressive spread, and the little dessert room was heaven for me. Would I return? Definitely, although I would also like to try the Bellagio sometime to see how it compares. I also went to Wicked Spoon for brunch one day, and I have to say that Wynn was definitely better, from both a food and service standpoint.
1	I am not a fan. We waited on a line with no signage telling us anything about the buffet. All the food was overly caloric, greasy and COLD! My friend and I spent $22 each to have tea.
4	They charge you an arm and a leg but the brunch buffet is fantastic. It was like sensory overload with the various breakfast options (made to order omelets, made to order congee, pancakes/waffles, croissants, yogurt with homemade granola, bacon, eggs, dim sum  etc), lunch options (sushi, prime rib, pizza, cerviche, pulled pork sliders, salads, etc), and of course dessert options (cakes, cupcakes, cookies, gelato, etc). I wish I wore my sweat pants instead of my TAJ (tight ass jeans)!
5	My wife and I LOVE this buffet for breakfast; it's the best deal going for $20 during the week. Eggs Benedict, multigrain french toast, breakfast pizza, good selection of healthy stuff if that's your thing, and a multitude of desserts...it's the perfect way to start your day (well not every day or else you'll put on some serious weight!). Nothing else to say, it's just awesome.
5	I have been to many buffets in Vegas and have pretty good idea about the quality and foods. After doing extensive review searching, I came to Wynn for dinner with 2 friends. This place serves best food - quality, rarity and wowbility is just amazing.  all three of us want to give them 10 star. This is classify place and can be appreciated by any food lovers.
1	After having had a wonderful brunch/dinner here a few years back on his birthday, this year my husband decided he wanted to relive the experience. So we invited some local friends (all doctors) and went ... What a disappointment!! All 12 of us decided we would NEVER go there again! The food was bland and very average, some items quite bad ... I've seen better salad bars at The Sizzler! The only memorable item according to everyone at the table was the pea risotto! They had something named Kobe meatloaf - almost dog food! IF indeed they used Kobe beef, it was a waste of good meat! The crab legs were easy to eat and OK tasting ... The last time we were there they had a smoked breast of duck salad that was awesome - GONE! Lamb chops - available only Friday and Saturday I was told. Now - even the desserts were blah! The worst part of the experience is that for some of us who wanted to smoke, we weren't ALLOWED to go in the casino. Four different people (including the manager) came to tell us that once we're in, we cannot exit and re-enter, as if we were trying to sneak in without paying. At some point they cleared the table including the champagne glasses that we paid extra for ($10/person) and they kept coming to ask if we needed anything else. By the way, the place was quite empty, no line to get in, they just had enough of us. We are locals, used to the treatment we get at Station Casinos such as Red Rock and Green Valley Ranch, or the M Resort, where the buffets are better and nobody keeps you hostage in the room if you want to go out for a smoke!!! I wonder if Steve Wynn is aware of how ridiculous the policies are in his hotel! The worst $85 spent on a mandatory tip for a group of our size for the lousiest service we've had in years! And the crappiest buffet food for $597.11 for 12! Don't worry buffet managers, you won't have to deal with our kind EVER AGAIN! Not only that, but we will strongly discourage all our local friends, relatives and business associates from ever coming to your establishment again!Not only that, but some of us wanted to gamble afterwards, but we were so turned off by the lousy treatment that we gave up and went to Red Rock!
3	My first trip to the Wynn Buffet was impeded by the fact open bar at the day club. It was no bueno. BUT on the upside, the Wynn Buffet bathroom like the rest of the restaurant is SUPER beautiful. The shade of green (mix of mint and seafoam green) is just GORGEOUS and goes beautifully with the floral/garden theme. Needless to say, I fared better on my second trip. TIP: Go right in between lunch and dinner around 2:45-50, just in case there is a line. Has to be before 3 PM though! You can get both of best words, lunch price ($25 with tax) and at 3:30, dinner food!Favorites: Veal short ribs: I wish I ate more of these. It just..fell off the bone and melted in my mouth...Paired with their creamy mash potatoes...It was beautiful.King Crab Legs/cocktail shrimp: Huge line for these. Well worth it! There is cocktail sauce, tartar sauce, and lemon to accompany them.Prime Rib: Chewy compared to the veal, but still really yummy.Dessert! Everything! There is a gelato bar! It was lovely.Pizza: Although it isn't really smart to load up on carbs in a buffet with these, I really liked the pizza with melted mozzarella, basil, and tomato was REALLY good. I would stay away from their Asian foods...The sushi was just..abysmal. Didn't really bother with the dim sum. Their Kobe Meatloaf was a really weird in texture and the meatballs were odd. Thai Style salad wasn't too good either. Because of personal preference of food, I like Wicked Spoon slightly better because it is, for the lack of words to describe it, "hipper." This buffet while delicious for the most part, isn't too creative about their food selection. However! If you are a crab lover, this is the place for you!
4	Prime rib and snow crab legs, those are the reasons you go to the Wynn buffet.  The table next to us ate JUST crab legs and dessert.  THAT WAS IT.  They took pictures of the carnage that remained, and heck even I wanted to take a photo too it was so impressive yet grotesque.Everything else was well made, and I liked that there wasn't a huge quantity of each item, that way everything was made fresh once it ran out.  Those candy apples are darn cute, but skip 'em.  Impossible to eat, even if you sliced them like I did, the candy crust was way too thick to bite through.  Unlimited mimosas and champagne for $10.00-thumbs up!  Yorkshire puddings-AMAZING-THUMBS UP!!!!
5	This was the BEST buffet I have ever been to. I ate all I could for $40! I had a ton of crab legs.. They had so much to choose from. Huge variety & fresh & also aesthetically pleasing. The desserts made me feel like I was on a gourmet TV show
4	By far my favorite buffet in Vegas. Dinner for 2 on a weekday night is about $80.I really enjoyed the pasta bar, crab legs, prime rib, pizza and desserts. On weekday nights they close at 10 and take in the food at 10:30 so service starts to get a little slow because I'm assuming everyone wants to go home and has side works they need to finish.I would suggest getting there no later than 8:00pm so you can relax and enjoy your dinner. (I kind of felt like we were being rushed)some favorites from the dessert section I'm still drooling over:*scoop of vanilla gelato with warm brownie *creme brulee
4	I always remember this place because of how pretty it looked during the time I went. They had decorations correlated to the season and their food was fantastic. The place is however a little pricey but there is a lot to choose from. They also have a place where they make desserts and make fresh crepes.
5	By far THE BEST BUFFET, I have ever been to...hands down. I have gone to many buffets and did most of all the buffets Vegas has to offer. The food is excellent, the presentation is out of this world, its clean and neat, good quality food (high grade foods like Kobe beef) and the service is superb. It's like a fine dinning buffet. This was my second time, and I'm still as impressed as the first time. THIS IS A MUST DO BUFFET, trust me!P.S. I love the ladies restroom located inside the buffet, very private.
2	UnderwhelmedI would have given the buffet 3 stars if it didn't cost us $50 each for lunch and we didn't have to wait in line for a half hour (we paid $12 each for VIP to avoid the longer line). That much hype and anticipation should be followed up with high quality. Instead, we were presented with mediocrity. Food variety was decent but there were few meat options (one beef option, one chicken option). Food quality was surprisingly subpar. The pork buns were stale, the prime rib was fatty and tasteless, the sides were diner quality and below. They also lacked good pairing options. For example, they offered three types of cut cheeses but no baguettes, crostinis or crackers to eat them with. The highlight was the dessert, of which some were pretty good (cheesecake) and some were okay (key lime).  All in all, there are better buffets for cheaper and less hassle. But hey, now I know.
2	AMAZED at how anyone would give this place 4 stars.  We went for the Sunday brunch and were extremely disappointed.  We opted for the VIP line which totaled 50/person, shortened the wait time to half an hour and included unlimited mimosas.  I don't know why anyone would want to wait in line for 1.5+ hours (non VIP wait time) for an abundance of crappy food that makes Hometown Buffet look like Bouchon.    I didn't expect gourmet fare, but I expected "good."  Everything was sub-decent, so I gorged myself on shrimp cocktail and fruit.  The mimosas were in line with everything else, so we didn't even bother trying to get our money's worth with those.
5	5 buffets in 36 hours... Vegas baby! Yeah!5th of 5. Last one. And the best one.Can anyone say crabs? Forgo all the other food until you've had a plate of crab legs. Really, this is simple work to eat, Wynn splits the legs in half for you, so all you have to do is pull out the meat and dip it in their butter sauce. Amazing! I ate 3 plates full of crab legs until i couldn't stand it anymore.Then I switched gears and tried the prime rib. I had forgotten how good the Wynn makes their prime rib. It nearly melts in your mouth and tastes very buttery. 10/10 for taste here. You can't get it better. Really!Dessert great lineup of choices. They not only looked good, but tasted good. They have crem brule here. They do a good job with it as well. They also serve gelato.Restrooms: very nice. You actually have to go tithe outside restrooms to do a diaper change On a baby changing table, but they let you back in for that reason. The stalls are like separate private rooms. They are very nice.
1	I expected way too much...
4	My husband gave this a 4 but I would give this a 3-1/2*. pros: more organized layout of food stations unlike Bellagio which was difficult to manoeuvre, great ambience unlike Bellagio's cheap interior, better quality food. My kids love the gelato, my husband loves the pizza which was very good, prime rib was good. I think overall quality and variety were good but nothing stands out for me. I liked the curry cauliflower, curry beans, salads were good but the meat dishes were not that good to me. Fish dishes were either overcooked, too salty or too sweet.
5	We went around 8:30 am on a Monday morning in early April.  There was virtually no line to get in.  When we left around 10 am, a small line had formed.  I think it's safe to say you won't have to wait long if you get there before 10 am.We loved the decor of the Wynn buffet (as well as the hotel).  The dining areas were broken down into smaller areas.  The tables were comfortably spaced.  It was very quiet.Our server was very attentive and checked back with us at least 5-6 times.The food presentation was beautiful.  My husband and I sampled many different breakfast items.  Everything was delicious.  I especially enjoyed the fresh vanilla pineapple with toasted coconut.  When I saw case after case of breakfast bakery items, I thought I had died and gone to heaven!  We've been to many buffets in Vegas.  In my opinion, the Wynn is tied with the Wicked Spoon for top spot.  For $20, you will get a fabulous gourmet breakfast buffet in upscale surroundings.Conclusion:  I highly recommend the Wynn breakfast buffet!
3	lunch ends at 3, so i make sure to get there and stay for dinner at the lunch price. and i reccomend you do this at all the buffets in vegas.service is good, seatings are a little odd, but the bathrooms are nice: like individual rooms as opposed to stalls.but the buffet has gone down since i've last been here. i used to rave about how this is THE buffet, but i dont think i'll be back. they need to have more actual food and less fruit baskets. desserts, which is my favorite section, was limited, as was the seafood. its a disappointment. i don't think i'll be back. actually, i probably wont
1	Wow! $103.75 for TWO people?! Cheap! Har har... (That was my Quick Tip?) Add $10 tip to that...Anywho, this place is sooooo overrated! Avoid @ all costs & go to Bellagio, Bally, or Rio's buffet! Not only is it overly costly here, there is so little variety! Poor quality as well! Let me recall the types of cuisines available...American: PIZZA?? (I'm here to eat food that I cant find elsewhere!)                  Salads & Soup (asparagus, clam chowder, chicken noodle)-Ceasar, Baby Spinach w/ creamy balsamic & candied walnuts-NOTHING special @ all! U can have better @ Soup Plantation.                Meats-Prime Rib (only thing worth mentioning), Corn Flake fried chicken (I can make this @ home!), turkey, & typical sides like mashed potatoes, corn, & green beans. It tasted alright...                Seafood: Crab legs (only thing worth ur money), small shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon-MEH.Italian: Fattening pastas I didnt even bother touching...you can even create ur own & have them make it.Indian: Typical stuff u can find anywhere! Didnt even eat it-didnt look appetizing.Asian: Again, typical un-quality stuff u can find @ your typical Hong Kong/Panda express. I did find the pork dumpling savory, however. Fried rice, japanese eggplant, veggie eggrolls, shrimp shu mai...          Japanese: So disappointing!!! NO sashimi, there were only small tiny rolls-not even REAL rolls...more like Kappa Maki with overly soggy rice used. Didnt touch this either-looked totally unappealing!         Vietnamese? I didnt check on this but the main reason why I went here is because my husband LOOOVES Pho & he said he read a review on here & someone mentioned PHO! Nope, no Pho whatsoever in sight. Disappointment.Desserts: Have had better elsewhere as well. Creme Brule was too liquid-y. Fancy-looking desserts in shot glasses were just mere pudding. They had a crepe maker person. I didnt try it but my husband did. It looked alright. There were a lot of people there & we all felt so claustrophobic! Tables are small & only fit like 3 plates.
4	This is the best buffet I've ever been to. However, if I paid for most of those dishes separately at a restaurant, I would have been a little disappointed. It is buffet food after all and they make a large variety of things without any specialty. The items I did like were the fish cakes, mango coconut mousse and the croissants. Things that just weren't any good were the frittata, seafood pot pie, sushi and gelato. The gelato was so gritty and icy. If I wasn't told that it was gelato, I would have thought it was very cheap ice cream. Everything else was just ok. Still, it's better than the other buffets I've been to.
5	Like a lot of the reviews it is likely the best buffet I've had out of the big casinos.  Crab legs were amazing sweet instead of salty as heck as some of the other ones.  Prime rib was goodSide dishes were yum.  Loved the veal and pork chops Deserts yum. Great selection Even the pizza was goodStill full from it.  And wow wish I found it a lot earlier.  But it is expensive.  Salmon. Eh. Ok. Asian food eh.
2	I first ate here in 2006, and was bowled over by the endless jumbo shrimp, served with marinara sauce on the side. That alone made the $24 (lunch price, incl. tax and tip) worthwhile.However, having just come to the buffet again 6 years later (6 years?! Am I really that old??), I find myself badly disappointed with the Wynn buffet. First of all, no jumbo shrimp cocktail. Maybe it's a byproduct of the recession, but whatever the reason, the quality of food here has definitely tumbled downhill. Replacing the afore-mentioned jumbo shrimp were dishes of horribly overcooked fish and a pasta dish that has tiny bits of shrimp that taste really fishy.The only things that keep me from giving Wynn's buffet a scathing 1 star rating are:-Fresh slices of smoked salmon-Nicely flavored flank steak that comes with a really good savory jus-Warm bread pudding with creme anglaise sauce-Creamy, cheesy pesto pastaSpeaking of pesto pasta, did you know that it's not supposed to be creamy? I totally didn't know that, but the hubs, who's a dirty Brit, was all, "Dear lord, creamy pesto sauce?? Sacrilege!" and totally turned his nose up at it. So I guess the pesto pasta's only good if you're a barbaric American like me.Aside from the food, another good thing here's that they ply you with free juices and coffee and tea from the moment you sit down. Yes yes, I know it's a ploy to get me full faster, but I do appreciate the fact that they don't water down their fruit juices (which has happened in other buffets).Despite these perks, however, overall the Wynn buffet did not live up to our expectations of a buffet at a 5-star hotel. There were NO shellfish (I guess they reserve the crab legs that everyone's been gushing about for dinner), on average the food was just whatever, and we left feeling really, really disappointed. Boo.
4	if you didn't know, they actually have a VIP line to bypass the longer line at busier hours. you pay some ridiculous amount like 45-55 dollars (for lunch), but hey.. gotta do what you gotta do when you're hungry right?i love this buffet. they always got somethin new, and what really puts it over the top is their dessert section(s). they have 2 mirroring each other, both with their own delicacies such as cream puffs, gelato, assorted cakes, soft serve, etc. they have this smoked sallmon pizza a couple times, which was so tasty i could've died there and i would've been ok with it. they always change it up..and that's what you need to survive in Vegas. it ain't like Hometown, that's for sure (same crap every time). Price is probably the main reason for droppin it down a star. it's delicious, trendy, upscale, nice ambience, but price we paid is just so hefty for a buffet (not even a sit down restaurant with cordial service...
5	Holy amazing christ. This is the best buffet I've ever been to. It's expensive, yeah, but mind-blowing. The selection is huge, and VERY vegetarian friendly (I think that the owner is a a vegan, or something, so there are a lot of vegetarian and vegan options). Plus there's a pasta bar. Where you pick your pasta, pick your sauce, pick your ingredients... Oh man.Forget the gambling, come to Vegas to go to this place; arrive for breakfast, and stay until dinner to get your money's worth.
5	"Soup du jour,Hot hors d'oeuvres,Why, we only live to serve.Try the grey stuff.It's delicious!You don't believe me? Ask the dishes!"Ahh! The Wynn Buffet is SOOOO GOOD! It reminds me of the "Be Our Guest" scene from Beauty and the Beast."Beef ragout,Cheese souffle,Pie, and pudding 'en flambe'We'll prepare and serve with flair.A culinary cabaret!"SO GOOD! I can't wait to go back. P.S. Crab legs are for dinner time only. Trust me, plates full of crab legs, shrimp, and prime rib make the trip totally worth it. Crab city, bitch. Crab city.P.P.S. I'm not sure what it was, but I had gas for days after the buffet. It was quite illuminating. I'm not sure if it was the crab, shrimp, prime rib, salad, cheese, prosciutto, cream puffs, chicken noodle soup, clam chowder, asparagus, or the beets, but DAMN, MY SWAG SMELLED GOOD! My friends and I cruised back to the suite after dinner. I guess they weren't so thrilled about the smell of my chow mein swag leaking out of my butthole but WHATEVER! Bottom line, I went to the Rhino afterwards. I'm not sure what the strippers thought about my swag, but whoever smelt it dealt it. LOL bitches be gettin' trolled, son!
5	OMGAAAAAH I hit the jackpot of buffets! Every time I go to vegas I always like to try different buffets and had my share of the 24 hour buffet of  buffet pass. Well after eating at the wynn I will explore no more! Normally my friends & I hit this buffet right when we get to vegas (coming from OC, California). We usually get to vegas around 2 so we get to eat both brunch & like most reviewers, we stay til their dinner items come out (double dip yeah so what I'm asian). They definitely have quantity AND quality!Meats (brunch):Prime Rib - pretty good, not too salty and they even grill it for you if it's too red for your liking.Honey Glazed Bacon - It looked like a giant slice of ham, but I guess it's bacon? Whatever it is, it is bomb dot com! This was probably one of the best meats they have at the carving station and it is DELICIOUS! Especially the crispy edgeCitrus Glazed Side of Salmon - Tasted like any other salmon, but the Terriyaki Grilled Mako fish right next to it was sooooo good! I ate like 2 servings of it.I also love creating my own omelet here. Idk why, but the omelet they make here is really good compared to the hundreds of omelets I've eaten over the years at other buffets/restaurants. I always make it out of egg white and add ham, bell peppers, mushrooms, etc.They also have a really good asian section that has dim sum with the bbq pork buns, etc but I didn't wanna waste my stomach space on it although I did try the leek and it was awesome! worth trying it if you've never tried before. They also have congee which was pretty cool. I shared some with my bf and i LOVE that they have that asian shredded pork that you put in the congee and of course the asian donut bread thing. There were also noodles, asian stir fry, etc. They also had all the other typical brunch things: waffles, french toast, eggs benedict, etc. I didn't waste stomach space on this either cause hello I'm trynna save room for their yummy dinner foods!Meats (dinner):Oven Roasted Turkey - LOVE it. they have a separate bowl for dark meat and the carver cuts white meat for you. The cranberry sauce they make fresh themselves w/ cranberry and it is sooo good!They offer Prim Rib & The Salmon also for dinner, but no yummy honey glazed baconKobe Meatloaf - Don't even try it, definitely didn't taste like kobe beefCajun Roasted Pork Loin - YUM I think i grabbed 2 of these. They weren't overly salty or chewyBraised Veal Short Ribs - Worth trying, but wasn't that great for me to grab secondsThey take out the omelet section and ta da you get to create your own pasta!! But I didn't wanna load up on carbs so I skipped this, but my friends said it was good. Next to it is their bomb ass brick pizza station. LOVE LOVE LOVE their pizzas!! Make sure you try the basil one! Their crusts are thin and perfectly crispy. My bf always gets like 3 slices.Alaskon Opilio Crab Legs - HOLY SHIZZZZ if you're a fan of crab legs and you're that person that gets plates & plates of it then you definitely needa get your butt to this buffet. Within the first like 10 mins they put out the crab legs, it was gone! The crab legs are really fresh here you can taste it in the fibers and it's really sweet not like those other flavorless crab legs at other buffets (aria I'm talkin about you). I pair these up w/ the shrimp cocktail and damn I'm in heavenFor dinner they take out the congee section and they serve TOM YUM SOUP!!!! This buffet sure knows what asians like and it tastes pretty authentic. The tom yum soup was just as good as any other thai restaurant and the spice level was perfectI can go on & on about their other foods, but it's pretty extensive so I'm just gonna skip onto the desserts!They have a pretty big bakery section and they look all cute, but I just dove right in for the gelato & make your own crepe section. The gelato here is really good and not overly sweet. The texture is sort of more ice cream like too. I added these on top of the crepes and it was so yummy. There was also this warm delicious brownie thing that I put vanilla gelato on shit was so good!Yes I know I'm a skinny little asian girl that can sure pack it at the buffet, but hey it's a buffet! Overall this buffet is worth it
4	Usually avoid buffets like mosquitos.  Just not my thing... But when you are dining with a large group and kids...  its an absoulute must.Food was very tasty.  I see why they get high reviews.... From beginning to end, this joint "GETS IT."  Fresh, looks great... made to order..... clean... and service was top notch.  The only thing preventing a 5 star was the "costco" style sushi being served.  Look...i get you gotta save on something....but when you are this close to hittin a home run/grand slam.... just go ALL IN!!!  Will return fo sho...
5	Eating at a buffet is sort of like womanizing. If there are no rules against eating (or sleeping) around, a man is going to keep trying new dishes (or women) until his body can't take it anymore. Eating at the Hometown Buffet is sort of like womanizing on the lowest level. The food is high in quantity, but low in quality. You end up eating a lot of dry fried chicken, greasy processed tacos, and melted frozen yogurt topped with high fructose corn syrup. Yuck.So when it comes womanizing, you are essentially taking home girls with an abundance of tattoos, drug problems, and daddy issues. Hot. Kidding. Well, sort of.Eating at the Buffet at the Wynn is womanizing at the highest level. Every food station is a high caliber, high quality meal in itself. You enjoy freshly made Caeser salad, delicious chicken soup, and the fresh fish of the day. Yum.That is kind of like dating a very pretty girl, with a slim figure, educated, ambitious, kind, thoughtful, and with a good family background. This would satisfy just about any man. But a man is only faithful as his options. At the Buffet at the Wynn, you have the option(s) of continuing on to the next food station(s) and enjoying another classy culinary experience like fresh Tom Yum soup, fresh crab legs, and a dessert station you have to see to believe. So you end up pretty girlfriend with a hot mistress, a hot mistress to your hot mistress, and a hot mistress to your hot mistress' hot mistress. If that makes any sense.So if you are in Las Vegas and want to eat a buffet, you can pay $20 and go to Hometown Buffet (aka the Excalibur Buffet) or you can drop $40 and visit the Buffet at the Wynn. You can take the Tiger Woods approach. Or you can take the Derek Jeter approach. Two athletes. Both rich. Both ugly. But one has a "hit list" that rivals that of James Bond.Remember, eating at a buffet is sort of like womanizing. But eating at the Buffet at the Wynn is sort of like womanizing at the highest level of Derek Jeter, James Bond, and Archie G.
2	I am not a huge Buffet fan and this place was why. I think it was $45 or something like that for food and it was really no different than the Las Vegas Hotels $5 locals buffet. All in all I thought it was pretty weak on Asian selections (4 dishes), and the food was really average. I would not bother going again.Only ting that was driving up the price was the open seafood selections. Tons of crab legs but hey.. I am from Seattle and those appeared to be snow crabs.. Maybe if it were kings.
5	= = = = =  THIS IS "THE BUFFET'" AT WYNN  = = = = =When seven of us stormed in to Vegas day before yesterday to tear it up & bite our way through some more of the Buffets on the Strip, we started with the one at Bellagio, which was just terrific!  Of course the question became, "Where do we go from THAT tomorrow?!"  We settled in on this one here at the Wynn, & here's how it was yesterday:*  Price:  Same.  (Weekday Lunch Buffet here is $23.99, $4.04 more than Bellagio, but we arrived just before 11 AM & were charged the $19.99 Breakfast price.     :-)*  Food array:  Exactly the same huge number of dishes as Bellagio, 179 plus sauces & dressings.     :-)*  Service:  Ok, but formal, not friendly.  (Bellagio wasn't lovey dovey either, really.)I started with some of their Manhattan Clam Chowder, which was great.  I also really liked my bowl of their Tom Yum Soup later during the meal, which the Soup Chef (!) fixes up for you to order!  The Cornish Game Hen with special spices was delicious, & so on, but let's just shorten it to "everything was terrific"!  (A number of the dishes won't be the same when you come, anyway.)To steal a quote from Barenaked Ladies, I'm "like LeAnn Rimes because I'm all about value," so I have to say that Bellagio beats Wynn here by a hair if you pay $23.99 for your lunch here.  If you get in for $19.99, Wynn wins by a hair.  Either way, I loved this place & so will you!     :-))Note:  All members of your party must be seated at the same time.
2	I've been to a few of the buffets in vegas.The price is too much for the food... for sure $40 could go on a poker table.The deserts were all good for sure - hot baked brownie, bread pudding, ...etc.  They had a huge room for just the deserts.  So on to the bad - the king crab legs are served cold.... booo!  You can take them to the grill which made them taste a heck of a lot better but for sure I was disappointed.Sushi??? Really - you can get better sushi at publix which is really sad.  I was really disappointed in the seafood selection.Filet mignon was awesome for sure and highly recommended.  I also liked the salmon which is on a cracker so you better get a lot of them if you want to have meal.Recommed something
3	You know what? This place is gorgeous and the only other buffet I've been to other than Bellagio's that serves creme brulee in the deserts area! Also, the "white espresso" flavor ice cream was FANTASTIC! I went back at least two more times just to get it!However, I was a little disappointed with their selection. Their prime rib was good, as was their crab legs and cocktail shrimp. The custom pasta station was super cool, as well, but everything else just lacked extraordinary-ness. For the price I'm paying here, a weekend dinner, I was just expecting more. The deserts section, aside from creme brulee and ice cream, was also lackluster(I mean, serving rock-hard rice crispy treats? Come on..)Though, still, I'd consider this place at the top of my "I've got money to spend, let's eat!" list for Vegas, it doesn't stand out from the other places on that list.
4	Good buffet, seemed very reasonable for the quality of the food.  The desserts were amazing, a great selection and the Gelato was off the hook.  The Prime Rib and Sea food selections were ample and they had the Taiwanese style of soup (Gong Wong, not Pho?) that had the different ingredients marinating separate after you got the soup broth, anyway, seemed pretty authentic...anyway, if you're searching for a buffet, it made a couple of top buffet lists and for the price I definitely think you should check it out.  I would recommend doing the $12 upgrade if the line is long (no waiting and you get free mimosa out of the deal).
5	Wow, there is something for everybody. The breakfast buffet at $19.95 .  Is a good deal. Plenty of te usual but don't miss the smoked salmon, creamed herring, Chinese pork dumplings. Fruit and yogurt area nice if you are into that. So much good food and then tere is another area for dessert. Too full to even try.  Some of the items were small like bagels but for good reason too many other things to try!  You could graze here and not eat another meal that day. Everything high quality
4	Long ass line on a Sunday - but we were committed. No way could we pass up a bonafide Vegas buffet - especially a fancified one. It took us about an hour to get seated. However - I would do it all again. If interested, consider the following list...1. Sunday brunch cost is $31.99 and you can upgrade to bottomless Mimosas or Bloody Marys for $10 more. I opted for the Bloody Marys and they were the real deal!2. Omelette bar, Congee bar, Meat Carving bar, Salad bar - on this particular day the Meat Carving bar was serving Prime Rib with horseradish sauce, brown gravy, beef au jus, and grain mustard as well as house-made side bacon.3. Dim Sum options - eggrolls, BBQ pork buns, and gyoza.4. Seafood options - citrus glazed salmon, shrimp cocktail, squid ceviche (amazingly delicious), and a soy glazed mahi mahi.5. Soup bar - Chicken Tortilla, Chicken Noodle and probably 2 more options.6. An Antipasti bar - cured meats, cheese, fancy Italian cookies.7. A dessert ROOM - cupcakes, gelato and ice cream, danishes and pastries, cookies, mini cakes, a myriad of fancy mousses - red velvet, coconut, dark chocolate, s'mores.8. Cornflake crusted fried chicken, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, pulled pork, cornbread - to appease your comfort food cravings.9. An array of other brunchy foods - waffles, pancakes, crepes, applewood bacon, sausage links and patties. 10. There was more I promise...can't recall it all - I'm getting flashbacks of sushi options, pastas, and a delicious succotash of lima beans, peppers and corn.The Wynn Hotel is also a delightful place to roam and take in the sites - sort of Alice in Wonderland meets the Elven Forest of Middle Earth. Check it out!
3	More of a hype and name.  Honestly, I don't think it's worth paying that price.  Food was okay, presentation was nice.  Decorations around the seating area are pretty.  Desserts were a hit or miss.  For something from Wynn, I expected more.  There are other buffets around here that are much more worth it.Lines are too bad
3	Everyone kept saying how good this place was so finally went here..damn the selection of food is soooooooooo little !! so unless your filling up on those chilled crab legs, you aint gonna get your moneys worth.They didn't even have mussels, or clams..just really really wet shrimp cocktail. Maybe I'm biast because the Asian section was too small LOLS but Rio's buffet is twice as big with twice as much food, can't recall if their were  crab legs though...and theres a dress code, no tank tops for guys..who knows, luckily our friend bought a long a sweater..and if you want to sit in a group of 7 or more its 20% mandaotry tip..wtf its a buffet, its self serve ...so we split up into two groups and saved our self a few bucks for the slot machine..that never freaking pays !!!!!!!!!
2	I had high expectations for The Buffet at The Wynn.  And while most of the food was good to great.  The service left something to be desired.  When we sat down the waitress stared for at least 1-2 minutes while twiddling her thumbs standing against the wall.  After I kept looking over to see if someone was coming Theresa finally made her way over.  Our drink order arrived but an item was forgotten.  Then payment for the drinks was demanded instead of enjoying a nice dinner that for 80 for two people you would expect they know you will pay.  When the credit card slip was left, she came back 3 times in 5 minutes to try and get it finally standing there near the table until I filled it out.  She told the person I was with that she should make due with a single spoon instead of getting a new one for dessert like would be expected at any nicer restaurant .  Again the food was great all of the issues were with service.
5	Best buffet in Vegas.  If you want to have the dinner menu for the lunch cost, arrive around 2:30 and get in just before they change out all the food.  Prime rib is a staple in Vegas buffets and here it is done really well.  The mashed potatoes are superb.  The different stations each have good food and the deserts are fantastic.  The gelato bar is a must.  Crab legs are available at dinner.  Veal on the weekend with dinner.
5	5 stars for the decor, but minus 1/2star for wait in the long lines.  the food selection is not as abundant as other buffet's (i.e the M) but the quality is good.  However, my ratings of buffets weigh heavily on their dessert bar- very good, and size is small enough that you can have more w/o feeling as guilty.
5	At Last count this Buffet has 1971 reviews.... I don't need to tell you about how great the food is.  If you haven't got it by now, you never will.So, instead... let me tell you how to get deals.  Beware if you have morals STOP reading.OK, first tip.  I signed up for their player card.  No biggie right?  Easy, breezy beautiful gambling girl.  But here is the catch.... if you rack up enough points on that day you get 2 passes to the Buffet.  So what did I do?  I got my money and sat at the Nickel and Quarter slots.  I got free drinks, won $200 AND ate at the Buffet free.Next tip.  Go half an hour before dinner pricing starts.  But eat slow..... if at all.  Then when dinner kicks in (and the crab comes out) attack that buffet as if your life depended on it.  That worked for me..... except we ate so much we couldn't drive home and had to get a room for another night.  I ate myself into a coma.But it was so worth it.
4	I am not usually fond of buffets. This is worth it - the atmosphere beautiful surrounded by live flowers and a light airy atmosphere. The food is all very good. I had the lunch selection which is a good value with brunch served. The cheese omelette was delicious at the station and the desserts yummy! Try it
5	I finally enjoyed a buffet!  As a vegan all I ever ate at buffets were fruit and salad!  The Wynn had several vegan labeled items.  I loved the vegan ravioli with cashew sauce and the vegan tapioca.  Thank you Chef who showed me all the vegan options.   Thank you Mr. Wynn.  I will return.
5	It's a Vegas buffet for crying out loud!  What more could you ask for?  The Wynn Buffet is known as the king of buffets in Vegas.  I have to agree that it is quite phenomenal.  We went on a Monday around lunch time, and the wait was quick and painless.  This buffet, compare to the Bellagio, is much more spacious.  You actually have walking room while deciding what foods you want to stack on your plate.  I really enjoyed the chicken noodle soup and the New England clam chowder.  For some reason I really enjoyed the pizza.  They tasted very fresh, and the dough was so soft, and a tad bit sweet.  There were also some very interesting curry noodles that caught my eye and stomach.  They were so spicy, yet so good.  Yum!  Great buffet.  Will come here again!
1	This was the most expensive buffet I have ever ate. The food was not even worth the money that you have to spend to eat at the Buffet in the Wynn. I will never eat there again and will not recommend people to try it.
4	I went there for Sunday Brunch wanted to know how good it was on the yelp!We bought vip passs for $12.00 for faster line and champagne or mimosa.I really like the fact they offer vip passes!It was worth it my husband had foot problem.The food was pretty good...! Good Asian food section...!The service was pretty good!And their geleto was sooo goood!
4	like it as much as the buffet at bellagio
3	While the hotel and the main atrium of this buffet are gorgeous, the larger seating areas to either side are nothing special.  So be sure to request the atrium. The collonade of plants and veggies are stunning.  The food is also very very good.  Not the best brunch buffet I've ever had but very good.  One of the pricier buffets on the Strip but that was expected from the Wynn.What loses a star is the bad service.  Now when we were first seated in the main restaurant, right off the hallway, I knew enough to say "no , this will not do".  We had waited in line for 45 minutes and I wasn't going to sit in a standard hotel restaurant while pple walked down the hallway staring at me.  Our waitress promptly moved us to the atrium area to a lovely four top.  She was then publicly scolded by the looming restaurant manager for taking our drink order.  We tried giving her a tip but she was obviously frantic at that point and handed it to the other waiter.  Ridiculous.  She was the best server we had.What I soon realized, the main problem with this place is is that they simply did not have enough pple clearing tables.  While the line snaked around in the waiting area, abandoned tables sat with dishes piled high up to ten minutes after the diners had left.  I couldn't believe how poorly managed that aspect of this restaurant was.Now if you can over look all that, the food is really quite good.  And it has a large selection.  I just am a little unsure if the 45 minute wait and $40 price tag were worth it.
3	The decor was nice and really different from the other buffets but the food was just okay. The crab legs were better than in the other buffets but looks more like snow crabs than king crabs. All in all, I preferred Wicked Spoon. The food and even the bread tasted fresher and was better presented, even the service was better.
5	I really love this buffet! I stayed in Vegas for a week and everyday we ate out to 2 or 3 places a day. This was the first one we went to and my favorite. We went at dinner time. The seafood was amazing. I love the crab legs. I am use to eating hot crablegs. Here they served them cold. Which is still fine. Also the crab legs were already cut so no messy eating (well...less of a mess). I only ate seafood but my other favorite part was the desert! They were all in cute small portions!  My service was fair and the food was great!
3	Friday night in Vegas @ 7:00pm we thought we were doomed and there would be a long wait at the Wynn Buffet.  Not the case.  When we arrived there was no line up.  Food on the buffet was decent but I cannot say it is worth the $39.99 weekend price tag ($43.33 after tax but before tip).  My favorite items on the buffet - beef brisket, pea risotto, smoked salmon, beet salad, thin crust pizza, forest mushroom spread.  Crab legs were not very tasty but I had to have them anyway since it seemed to be the only way to justify the steep price tag for the meal.Forgettable food nominations are the 4 different sushi rolls (why bother), the tempura (too greasy), and chinese dim sum items (what was I thinking).Watch out for the crazy rude people that jump the queue and lunge head first into the pile of crab legs and peeled shrimp because they cannot wait the 5 extra minutes to wait their turn in line to get them.  Some people seem ignorant of buffet line etiquette.Had to flag down the waiter to take our initial drink order but once he knew we were there our plates were cleared quickly and drinks refilled without asking.
4	I will always love Wynn buffet! It's a place where a glutton is not ashamed to stay and eat for hours and hours. BUT! Now that I have tried breakfast, lunch and dinner from Wynn, I will say that Wynn's dinner menu is the only one that is worth the $$. Prime rib and crab legs! Those two are good enough to convince me to go there!
5	Had breakfast here on my last trip to Vegas last year...AWESOME.  I usually don't expect much out of a breakfast buffet as it is the typical foods with the omelet station.  This took it to another level.  Favorites included the yogurt parfaits and hash browns.  People were rushing to the hash browns every time they were refilled...hash browns?  Trust me...excellent.  Atmosphere and wait staff excellent as well.
4	Terrific buffet, with sushi, dumplings, every cultural food you can imagine. Grilled fish, dessert looked perfect, all good!!
4	A buffet is pretty much just a buffet in Vegas and that's all there is to it. This one is more pricey then some of the others and I'm not sure that the price difference is worth it. We did have some awesome shrimp and crab legs but we paid for the lunch price at 3 and dinner starts at 3:30 so we coordinated that nicely. It was an enjoyable experience, we were looking for good sushi but I'm not sure if that can be found in a buffet. The gelato was the best desert but the second time I went back to get it the almonds and coconut slivers tasted pretty stale. The first time I had the oreo crumbs on, and they were good. I'll always try a new buffet when I go to Vegas.The food was really good though.
3	First of all, I must address an issue that is so lame that I just NEED to say it out loud. We were given 2 free buffet tickets as part of this promo we received through Wynn. We show up on Sunday (Mother's Day) at like 1:15 in the afternoon, tell the girl we have 2 people ready to grub down and she says "That will be $115 sir" to which I reply in my head what the phuck? Then I ask, "why exactly is that ma'am?" Turns out they start serving dinner for Holidays at 1 in the afternoon. You lazy lima beans! It's not even dark out and you are charging people $57.50 for dinner?? Please!!So, we had to come back another day to get our free grub on. I just can't give this place 4 stars. It's really good, but I strive to provide 4 stars to establishments that are far beyond really good and with a few exceptions, the majority of the food here is under a warming lamp and that's a far cry from top of the Yelp food chain. I am not going to run down the list of items because I truly believe that 65% of the buffet experience is the element of surprise. I will say that their dessert options are some of the best you will enjoy at any buffet.
4	Bring your appetite, because this place won't disappoint a hungry stomach. They got a huge variety of different kinds of foods. The place itself is decorated beautifully, it's definitely a very fun experience.  Yumm!!
2	I don't know why.... I have been to Wynn buffet like 3-4 times in the past 10 years.....This time is the worst experience....compare with M-resort and Wicked Spoon, Wynn offers less choices but it is more costly.......
3	Did not mean to piggy back, but shopping just got out of hand so did not have time for lunch till 2:45pm. No line up @ Wynn buffet...yeh. Got in @ @25 per head and was told we can stay for dinner (3:30pm) Also got in on the AYCD Champagne, Bloody Mary $10 deal...crappy sparkling wine served though.2 Great items must try...Prime Rib -- much better than your average buffet, though not fair to compare to high end steak houses ok.Crab legs -- though cold it was fresh and sweet & plumb served with drawn butterOther items were pretty standard buffet fare. There were some small items I liked ex. the beet salad, the candied walnuts. The cocktail prawns were a lot smaller than I remembered.For dessert the crepes were good. Generally speaking dessert was pretty decent except no more chocolate covered strawberries :(
4	quite honestly i was let down by this buffet at the Wynn.granted the crazy pricing of most "upscale" restaurants around the area this would seem like a bargain.lunch was 3 starsdinner was 4 starsservice was fine.the buffet looks bigger than it really is. there are quite a few great food options but some of it looked meh. the dessert table looked great but, i was too full by the time i got to it to fully enjoy it.the crab legs for dinner tasted just soso. the prime rib was great. it's not bad but, having Wynn's reputation i expected a lot more.
4	DELICIOUS! My girls and I ate here for lunch and it was just great! The line to pay was not long at all! The selections were great, yummy, and piping hot! My only complaint (which is actually a major one & the reason why I wouldn't give 5 stars) was the overwhelming, disturbing, and annoying stench of GARBAGE! BARFFF! As I was on my 2nd plate of food I kept smelling garbage coming from the kitchen area (we were close to the kitchen/employees only area). Ew ew ew!!!GROSS! Other than that, the food and dessert were delicious. I would definitely go back!
4	They have plenty of options, crab legs, sushi, Indian, greek, Italian, etc. all the food we ate we're delicious... I think they had the biggest selection then any other buffet I've been too... There was just something about it that didn't make me feel like 5 stars.
4	I've been to a lot of buffets in las vegas..and by a good lead this one takes the tag of being the best one. I was skeptical to give it a 5 because I feel like there needs to be a couple more foods added to it. Like american food, sliders maybe? or a grill with hot dogs and burgers? That's really the only reason why it's not a 5. The food that they do have though is excellent quality..worth the price and if you're a baller like me just go play roulette for 5 minutes and win yourself the money to have a free meal like I did when I was there. Desserts..gaaaaah so amazing..too bad I'm full on veal and lamb chops by the time I realize that there is a dessert area. lmao. Well enjoy it! Best buffets to me are Wynn, Paris and followed by Bellagio.
4	I'm really, really tempted to give it 3 or less stars for the fact that my party of 3 had to wait in line for- get this- 1 hour and 50 minutes.But the food, the service, everything OTHER than that- was fantastic.Some of the best buffet food I've had. The truffle pesto risotto was my favorite.It cost 3 people about $110, if I remember correctly. A little pricey, but it was delicious.Just thinking about how long we waited in line, still makes me angry, though...
4	The key to this breakfast buffet is scoring a line pass to avoid the wait.  Food is very good although might have been better in the past.  Wife was disappointed that there were no crab legs at brunch.  Good variety otherwise.  Something for everyone.  Deserts are amazing.
3	This is a good buffet with a lot of selection. The quality isn't up to Wynn standards, but it's a buffet.... I guess I am just not too crazy about them hence I'm giving it 3 stars. The service is very good, and our waitress was fantastic. The all you can drink for $10 is a killer deal for brunch too!Service - 4 starsDrinks - 5 starsFood - 1.5 stars
3	I have been to this buffet many times, I returned again for memorial day weekend.  I have to say that the standards have gone down.  Every other time i was here there was some type of kobe beef, but they didnt have it this weekend. the line wasnt bad, we were in aprox 15 minutes.  Price hasnt changed  it still is around 55 per person.  Personally with fogo de chao in Vegas now, I wont return here.  there are many better options for 55 a person.  top things we ate were prime rib which was undercooked, lam chops were tough, crab legs were good and desserts were excellent.
3	This buffet did not live up to my expectations.  If it's a pricey Vegas buffet, I expected way more than what Wynn offered. Came here on a Sunday night and there was no line.  The food selection was alright, or perhaps I was in a rush to make my way through everything.i did not discover anything that I wanted to go back for a second serving.
2	What a dissapointment!! I bought into the hype that the Wynn buffet would be better than the bellagio buffet but I was wrong. The selection was a lot more scare than the selection at the bellagio. I came for brunch for $37.99. As stated before the selection was scarce. The seafood was an assortment of salmon wellington, miso cod (which was very fishy), squid ceviche which was not seasoned very well. The sushi was mediocre just a selection of spicy tuna and eel. The tuna was definitely not the freshest.My favorite was the pesto risotto and the dessert selection. the chocolate mousse was my favorite in a little shot glass. The dessert bar was beautiful and lovely to be in.Overall, not worth $38 for brunch! Will go elsewhere in the future.
4	Good , Good.We were going back and forth about where to go for brunch that morning and I jumped on the web and came up with this place, every body agreed, some more reluctantly than other.Once there we waiter for a few mins. nothing crazy though. So we were there on memorial day and the prices were almost double. Once inside, the place is really nice with flowers everywhere and sunny and bright. Waiter comes and takes our drinks order and we proceed to get the food.Oh the food. Everything was really good and flavorful. Lets see it is me in a buffet so you put 2 and 2 together. I tried salmon pizza, cucumber gazpacho, squid ceviche, stuffed pork, cheese and figs, chicken soup among others and every thing was great. There is so much good food that it would be hard to remember everything. Desserts are great as well. I had pecan pie, pina colada cake, chocolate cake and about 6 different flavor icecream that I shared with the group. The service was nice and professional. The place is bright and clean and the food is great.TB at WLV  worth every penny
4	My friends and I came here in a drunken haze after going to Encore Beach Club. $50 is a bit pricey, but I think the selection and quality of the food lives up to the amount you pay. If you want to get your money's worth, then definitely get some prime rib or other cuts of meat. If you want to be Asian and get your money's worth, hoard as many crab legs as you can! My unexpected favorite was the asparagus risotto. It was the perfect texture and had a subtle asparagus flavor. I loved the mushrooms in it as well. The risotto was the only item I wanted seconds of! The desserts all looked nice/cute, but they're not that great. The creme brulee was tooth-achingly sweet in my opinion. Other than that, nothing stood out as being extremely unique or gross, but the food overall was good. $50 paid for some very expensive drunk munchies!
3	I go to Vegas at least once a year and I always find myself eating lunch/dinner at the Wynn buffet. I'm the kind of girl that likes trying new restaurants...but again, for some reason I find myself sitting in a table in the center of the restaurant (you know the one under the sun roof & fancy decors?)I honestly can't pin point a food that was like, "jesus christ, i love this!" .. But I also can't pin point a food that was like, "god.. this is horrible." I don't want to use the word mediocre but for lack of better word, I will. The food was mediocre. Quality food but.. safe? (I am sucking with words right now, I'm sorry)I would call it a very fancy hometown buffet. Hey, I like hometown buffet!A-OK indeed.
2	So let's talk about how much I regret going here. I don't know if it's because I went during lunch or what, but there was basically no selection and the food that was out was just...blah. I managed to snag some eggs and bacon left from breakfast which were yummy, but when I went back they were already gone :(So more on the food.....I ended up finding only a few things I liked: tortilla soup, bread and butter, and the breakfast. Oh and the desserts were awesome! Candied apples and all you can eat gelato? yes please. That's basically why this place gets any stars at all, along with the awesome service.However, as important as good service is, if it's a buffet the food should stand out the most. I don't know what it was but so many dishes had this weird taste, like this artificial rich and creaminess, I don't even know how to explain it but it was really gross. There was also this really weird smell in the food area that is still lingering in my nostrils that was totally gaggy. Maybe they had some scent to cover up the casino smell but it was terrible.Maybe I'm dramatic or picky but the Bellagio buffet is seriously much better, I'm so down to drop $30 on that.I'm just glad I spent $24 for lunch instead of the dinner price, which I couldn't even imagine doing O.o At least they have crab legs at dinner though....
4	Don't be fooled by the carbs!Go straight for the good stuff!Recommendation: Prime Rib & Crab Legs
4	Overall, delicious food.The brunch selection is probably the best. Although the wait is around 15-30 minutes, it's definitely worth it! I had this amazing mango pineapple fish. Mmm, that's the one thing I remember because it was so rich, flaky, but light and fresh at the same time! There was enough variety and even had a separate dessert room which had delicious gelato. What really made the experience special is the decor! The main focal point was the garden room where there is a beautiful skylight and hanging flowers and plants. Gorgeous place to have brunch, breakfast, or lunch in.It is a decent price if you do not go on holidays. I believe on holidays it is around $35-40 for breakfast or dinner. On regular days, I believe $15-20 which is amazing for their food.
5	love it ! :) i was here this morning for brunch and i was lucky!! not much of a long line around 11am ;) the food is very good, the place is very pretty, the service is good and i love the desert! :) it is kind of expensive but it was worth it :)
4	The dinner buffet is totally worth the money. Almost everything was delicious and I loved the selection. Gourmet quality.
4	Plenty of vegan options thanks to Steve Wynn! 25 dollars for a weekday brunch. A little disappointed because we wanted to try crab legs and they are not offered on the weekdays. The desserts were good. My favorite was the Asian section of the buffet. A lot of dim sum options and also sushi options! We didn't eat too much.
5	This is a really nice buffet!Plenty of selection and quality. I might have had 5-7 plates of food, kind of lost count.Go here to grub, went to the Bellagio Buffet and was definitely more impressed with The Wynn.
3	Overall, it was better than the average buffets in Las Vegas but I was disappointed with the seafood selection. I was expecting a large variety of sushis and fish but they were very limited, maybe because it was the week after Memorial Day and the city was a little bit emptier. The prime rib was delicious though! I still remember how it tasty it was :) I must give a good credit for the dessert selection too.
4	The center atrium is really bright and colorful w/natural light -- would've loved a table there, but alas they seated us inside near a corner.This buffet had a huge selection of food, and I loved that there was a whole room devoted to dessert. The different entree groups were also labeled up above with large print ("Shellfish" and "Italian" for example) so you can find your favorites more easily.J remarked that the crab legs were really fresh, unlike the typical old-tasting crab legs that many buffets have.The dessert room had great selection. Gelato w/toppings... made-to-order crepes... pies, cookies, mousses, madeleines, marshmallows, cheesecake, creme brulee, lots of different cakes. For the most part they were good, although the madeleines were subpar. There were even a few sugar-free items.
4	This buffet is a cut above most. That being said it is right at the line for being either worth the money or not. The brunch had no crab legs and for the price it should. The hand carved bacon made me weak at the knees it was so good. Everything was clean. The desserts were just ok. The Bellagio is a better food and a better value.
4	Thank You Asian Pitboss for giving the group and I complimentary buffets.... twice!  While doing it big at the black jack tables aka betting the minimum of 10 dollars, our nice pitboss (i think her name was Pam?) decided to give us some nice comp buffets.  We had the dinner buffet and the lunch buffet.This was my first time at a Las Vegas buffet so i had no idea what to expect.  I was overal satisfied with the selection.  Dinner offered prime rib and suckling pig while lunch had nice hanger steak and tri tip.  The food here had great seasoning.  There was a whole lot of variety to choose from.  You can get shell fish, sushi, pasta, asian, mexican, italian, american, and etc.  Imagine a golden corral but times 20.  Everything is up a notch, you don't get meatballs, you get kobe meatballs.  Cheese ravoili turns into Goat cheese ravioli.  Instead of spaghetti, you get carbonara.  The prime rib was good, but i could tell they most likely used a select grade of meat.  Lunch offered nice brunch items like eggs benedict, bacon, pancakes, frittatas, and etc.  Overall, the buffet was good and i enjoyed it a lot.The desserts were fantastic.  Gelato station, (i recommend the white expresso), pastries, extra flakey croissants, dessert shooters, cupcakes, cookies, and etc, it was a diabetic's nightmare.  The Wynn Buffet did not dissapoint my first experience at a Vegas Buffet.  I'll definately come back next time I'm in Sin City.
5	My new favorite buffet in Vegas (I have been to many... Bellagio, Paris, Mirage, Rio, Luxor, etc.).   Went for lunch ($26) and was amazed by the great variety and quality of the food.     Here is a list of some of my favorite things on the buffet:   flank steak, carved turkey,  corn bread topped w/ BBQ and coleslaw.  Eggs Benedict, Tortilla bowl of carnitas,  low mein, fried rice, potstickers, tasty thin sliced pizza, split pea risotto, variety of seafood.    They had some sushi and shellfish as well.   The best thing, of course, about the buffet is the dessert room.   They have different types of gelato, carrot cake bites, rocky road cake, pina colada mousse shooters and much more..   Definitely will go back
4	My favorites were the Kobe meatloaf and the shrimp cocktail.. there was an amazing dessert spread of gelato and toppings, chocolate dipped marshmallows, etc.
3	We stayed at the Encore and came here with the parents for dinner; now see below for my personal version of the story: Pros: awesome selection of dessert, delicious pasta from the Italian cuisine station, mouth-watering veal ribs, fresh crab legs and cocktail shrimp, Rockefeller Oysters, and great dressing and pecans from the salad station. Cons: NO KING CRAB LEGS, LOBSTER, AND/OR RAW OYSTERS/CLAMS?!! Now how can you call yourself the #1 buffet in Vegas?!!! SERIOUSLY?! Now for $50+ pp (dinner, including tax and tips), I'm VERY disappointed. VERY. And the worst part was that when I walked on the strip that night, I saw a big sign in front of Aria saying their buffet has King Crab legs and lobster....GEEZ!!!!! How the heck did I miss that?! I blame it on my luck in Vegas that night. No wonder why I couldn't come back retiring; back to slavery...
2	what a dismal waste of time and money! i did not eat $40 worth of food for lunch!i had one luke warm plate of crap and some pretty ordinary desserts. will never be coming back and if you had any sensibility you will save your money and go somewhere worthy of your coin.
4	Seeing as how I eat like a pig, buffets are one of my favorite places to eat at. The boy and I decided to eat at The Buffet at Wynn before our early afternoon flight back to the bay. Even on a Monday morning, there was a line for the buffet. (Not that bad, but I was expecting no line!) The hostess was super nice, and we got seated pretty quickly. The decor was fantastic: colors and floral arrangements everywhere! I might have embarrassed my boyfriend a bit when I kept taking pictures of.. well, everything.There was a wide selection of food - seafood, meats, sushi, breakfast foods, pastas, bread, cheeses, soups, cakes, desserts, and more. Most of the food was good, but the Japanese food selection was meh and some of the meats were meh also. (Go figure since they have to provide a large amount of meats..)For about $27, you get a nice ambiance, friendly service, and lots of food to chow down on. Don't eat too much and then go gambling... you might food coma at the tables!
2	***Monday Lunch review***No crabs, no prime rib... not even cocktail shrimps...Our last day in Vegas so decided to try Wynn.  The hotel itself was beautiful and the buffet was decorated so beautifully it was pretty amazing.  Now, the food.  Aside from the disappointment of no crabs and prime ribs...the selection of food was just not there...  I mean it was so sad that my husband had a slice of marinated Kobe beef and couscous...  Dessert selection was small but good.  I liked the mojito cake.   * Ambiance = VERY beautiful...I mean it is one of the best decorated buffets we've seen before.* Service = bad.  Had to ask for everything...* Price = expensive for the selections offered.  We paid $24/person.
4	The Wynn is a really nice hotel and their buffet was exceptionally nice! It has really good selections and everything is fresh. The Buffet at the Wynn also has one of the best dessert selections in Vegas but I wasn't there for that ;)We did the dinner buffet which was perfect timing on our part since this is when the restaurant pulls out all the stops! I went prepared in comfortable clothing and did a few stretches to loosen up hahaha!  Let's just say I was running on the treadmill the next morning from guilt of how much I ate LOLNo carbs, I don't go to buffets like that to eat them, only tasty meats, seafood and veggies :)
3	I had heard good things about the buffet at the Wynn so we headed there on the first night of a recent trip to Las Vegas. The first thing we found was a long line, but it moved slowly and steadily. Be prepared to wait at least a half hour though. The price is a bit higher than some of the other buffets I have tried - figure $40 plus extra for alcohol. The food runs from fair to good. The seafood, especially the King Crab was good. The crab was sawed in half for easy eating. The prime rib carvery was good too. The pastas and other dishes were not worth the effort. Neither was the desserts. These were mostly more of the same sorts of tasteless mousses and custards that are to be found at other buffets. Decent gelato station if that it something if that is something that appeals to you. Why is it so hard to produce decent desserts at Vegas buffets?The service at the Wynn buffet was excellent. Drinks were refilled quickly and empty plates cleared. Recommended with some reservations about the menu variety.
2	Skip the brunch!I heard great things about the Wynn buffet, so we headed straight there on the drive in from LA. We got there about noon on a Saturday, so it was brunch. The line at least was short- we only waited about 15 minutes. But the buffet itself- what a disappointment! Aside from the prime rib (which was good, but not amazing), fried chicken, and a salmon dish, there was very little meat for the size of the buffet, and also very few vegetable dishes. We try to eat low-carb, so I actually ate less than I normally would have at a buffet. The omelette station was good, but I could get a good omelette anywhere for $10. Oh, and the eggs benedict had hard yolks - yuck! (the $13 buffet at the Palms even got the yolks runny!) The dessert spread was impressive, but nothing was amazing. I was pretty excited about the mini cupcakes, except the vanilla cupcake had mint frosting, which was odd. Overall, everything was good, but nothing was super-memorable. Definitely not worth the price, at least for brunch.
4	The Wynn is a very nice hotel. The Buffet was very colorful. I felt like Alice in the Wonderland. =) The staffs were very nice and our server was very attentive. We were seated close to the dessert section and it was the real reason why I was there. Haha...the buffet had a nice selection of a variety of food. The price is slightly higher than most buffets but I would definitely come here again.
4	For the price you pay, around 20 something...the foot is way better than the M!They have mexican, chinese, seafood, salad, dessert station, etc.The cups of salad they had out were mostly not that good.  And the ok ones were just salad and some meat.  I love salad, but I'd skip this salad bar.  The Mexican and Chinese food were alright.  The seafood was good.  When the place started serving the crab legs, the line became very long.  They had pasta and pizza here also, which my friend loved.  I skipped that section because it's heavy food.  I tasted almost every section.  The dessert section was delish.  My friends and I shared our desserts because they're so concentrated and fatty; we just wanted a bite of everything.  The ice cream and crepes were food; we had to wait til they started serving crepes at 3:30pm fyi.  I can't really say much about the other desserts like bake stuff and chocolate items because I'm not a fan of them in general.Overall, I'd totally come back to this place in the future.  If you want your money's worth.  Try to come during lunch time right before they start serving dinner so you can pay for lunch pricing!
2	NO TANK TOPS (for guys)?! How lame. My friend had to go to the gift shop and buy a $25 non-refundable tshirt just to eat here for $25 during lunch on a Friday. Not only that, but they make you wait until your whole party is there before they seat you. The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits. The selection of food was not the best. There definitely was NOT any crab legs, and in fact, the seafood section only consisted of basic maki rolls that were rolled poorly and certainly NO shrimp, crab, or any other related "seafood." So disappointing. The only good thing that was offered was the skirt steak at the carving section. The Chinese section was just sad, I didn't even bother to try any of the food from that section just by looking at the food offered, it did not look appealing at all. +1 star for the skirt steak+1 star for having sorbetI wouldn't recommend this buffet, nor would I come back.
4	2 words...Kobe Meatloaf!We tried to get there before the dinner prices started but they closed the line 20 mins before the lunch cut off time. The food was fresh. Between the 4 of us that ate there, I think we tried just about everything. The prime rib was tender, the veal short ribs fell off the bones, the shrimp was fresh and pasta was declicious!The service was fast and courteous. The wait staff was on top of all our needs and cleared away the emply plates very quickly.I do have to say though, the best part for me was a toss up between the farmhouse cheeses and the desert room..That's right folks, a room of deserts! I want one of these in my house :) This is a definite must on your next trip to Vegas!
1	What in the world?! How does this place have such positive reviews???? Staff - SLOW, slow, slow. Other than slow, they looked miserable - I almost felt bad for them.Food - When walking into a buffet there should be So many items that stick out that Im overwhelmed and can't decide. This was not the case - I actually had a hard time deciding this time because nothing was appealing.  - the only thing that I was slightly excited about was the fried chicken - which btw was also disappointing. It was greasy and flavorless. The lamb was another item that was bad - it was extremely overcooked - dry and jerkylike. I even had a hard time trying to cut it into pieces. I should not be struggling this much. Crablegs were sad - hardly any meat and icy cold. Desserts - not good. The crepes were so sad. The blueberry parfait had the worst texture. Upon first bite, I wanted to throw up.In the end, I left the buffet hungry and unsatisifed. This should never be the case when I'm at a buffet.
5	This was the nicest buffet of the half dozen or so that we visited in Vegas. The atmosphere more than anything else outshone every other buffet. Really classy and beautiful. The food was great, although not especially vegetarian friendly. Dessert especially was amazing. Also better than any of the other buffets was the service, which was extremely friendly, personable, and professional.
3	This is no Moonstar, but it's aight.  I guess this is as good as it gets in Vegas.
5	This time, there was no wait.  NO WAIT at 6:30pm!  Have I walked into heaven?I ate as much crab and prime rib as my stomach would hold, and once again wished I had the constitution of the ancient Romans, who would visit the vomitorium and eat some more.  This is the one location where that practice makes sense.The smoked salmon and creme brulee are still delicious as well, but crab with a fountain of melted butter will always steal my heart.  Back off.
3	I had heard from a lot of people that the Wynn Buffet was a must-try. So during this last trip to Vegas, I made sure that we would FINALLY try it. Maybe my expectations were too high, but I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would. We were in Vegas for EDC weekend and our last meal was a couple tacos from Del Taco 24 hours prior to our trip to the buffet, therefore.... I was beyond excited for this buffet - I was starving for it! We arrived shortly after 3:30pm, so we ended up having to pay $40+/per person for the dinner buffet. I was more than happy to pay this, expecting an epic meal to satisfy my hungry tummy. There was a small line when we got there, but we didn't have to wait too long for a table. One thing's for sure, this buffet is beautifully decorated. The ambiance is great. Eating here, I definitely felt fancy. Just wish I felt the same about the food. For the price we paid, the selection wasn't that great. The food was good, but I wouldn't say it was worth the $80 we paid. The server was pleasant, but we had to ask and wait for her to bring us napkins and water refills. The dessert selection was amazing, though! Lots of items to choose from! My boyfriend had tapped out and was passing on dessert so I had to tackle the dessert section on my own. If I could afford to, I would definitely have gotten one of everything. But, instead I chose a few to share -- passionfruit tapioca pudding, rocky road cake, blueberry cheesecake, and my fave, creme brulee! All so delicious! If I had more room, I would have definitely loved to try the gelato and made-to-order crepes. Overall, it was an okay buffet. I could go back to this place, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
3	I went to this buffet for lunch with a group of friends because of all the good things we heard about it. I mean, 4 stars, over 2000 reviews, what could go wrong? We arrived later than the usual lunch time, so there was no wait. It cost around $30 per person including tax and tip (18% for gratuity since we had a large party). The waitresses were really nice. We got our drinks and orders fairly fast. However, the quality and selection of food were beyond disappointing. There was not a whole lot of variety to choose from. None of the food items looked appealing. Literally, none. It might have been better to go for dinner since they serve crab and prime rib, but I would definitely not go there for lunch again. It's just not worth the price. Other than that, I would give it one star for the ambiance, one star for the desserts, one star for the service.
3	4 Stars for Food1 Star for ServiceOn the pricy end of Vegas buffets, but you do get a vast selection of choices including king crab legs and prime rib. However, it doesn't get 5 stars like I would happily rate Wicked Spoon inside the Cosmo.The wait:- around 40ish minutes at any given time throughout the dinner period- i went on a monday night around 9pm and it was definitely busy- it was around 40 min wait for a party of 2The service:- my server was fairly...indifferent- he wasn't cheery, nor a downer...he just kind of did what he was supposed to do, minus he didn't offer to refill our drinks. so we had to ask and only got refilled once- they weren't the quickest to clean up our plates, even though the boyfie and i politely always stack our plates so they're easy to grabThe food:- granted...I wasn't sober at the time of my visit, but it wasn't anything that deserves at 5- yes, they do have king crab legs (and though I'm not a big seafooder) I do see the value of this commodity; however, the line to get some is long and they're not the fastest at refilling the loot- if you really want to get some good stuff, to the left of the king crab legs they have smoked salmon sashimi. dasswassup-  the prime rib is standard, but not mouth watering or melt in you mouth status, also considering it was near closing...it didn't look fresh- the rest is faiiiirly standard for a vegas buffet (ok desserts, really dry sushi, decent but not spectacular pasta)I've tried a handful of Vegas buffets (Wicked Spoon, Bellagio, Cravings, Rio), and while I can check this off the list, I probably won't go back.
4	First buffet at Vegas (that I can remember...) and it was pretty amazing!There's a good variety of items here but not as much as I thought there would be. Some casino buffets in San Diego have more variety of items than here, but what they lack in variety, they excel in quality. There might be a ton of buffets out there that claim they have the most variety of items but the quality is horrendous! And when you take that into consideration, there's probably only a couple of things you can actually eat because everything else tastes like crap. Everything tastes AMAZING here at Wynn! Some of my favorites have to be the FLANK STEAK. OMG! BEST TASTING STEAK EVER!!! I couldn't stop eating it! They used really good quality foods for everything! The fruit they served had some of the best tasting pineapple I've ever had!! There's a really nice dessert section with a made to order crepe station!! For dinner there is also king crap legs that are sliced in half for you already!! You don't have to work for the meat, which makes it all the more enjoyable to eat!! I loved the presentation of all the food items. I tend to not eat salads at buffets but when Wynn arranges the salad in beautiful glass cups, I couldn't even resist eating some! Drinks are unlimited as well, so you can pick from coffee, tea, sodas, etc. I think lunch is around $24 and dinner is around $43 (tax included). The only reason I didn't give this place five stars is because: 1) Lacking in variety of items (as compared to other casino buffets); 2) No watermelon (my favorite fruit); 3) No macaroons (which I saw on other yelper's pictures); 4) Our waiter changed shifts and our second waiter was really neglectful of usOverall: I would totally recommend this buffet! The quality of their foods here is top notch!
2	I really hoped that despite the fact that I'd read so many mixed reviews about this place that it would be good just because, well; it's the Wynn. The food was pretty uninspiring on our visit today. There seemed to be a disproportionate offering of starches meant to fill you up (lots of pastas, etc) and pretty bland seafood. The presentation was decent, but nearly everything looked better than it tasted. The crab legs were decent, the beef undercooked, the pork overcooked. The deserts were the prime example of presentation but no substance. The service was terrible. We had to ask three times for water and had to give our drink order twice. When we ordered their sangria, the waiter said to us "you know that costs extra, right?", which I found sort of insulting, particularly since we'd order it from their drink menu with clearly stated prices next to it. We didn't see any of the wait staff again until they dropped the bill for the drinks (though they did keep the table cleared).  The awkward waiter commented to my girlfriend "on to desert already" and we spent the rest of the meal trying to understand what that meant. Perhaps it was an off day, or due to the fact that we came very early (late lunch/early dinner) but I expected more of the Wynn. We'd skipped it the last time we tried to eat here because of the line and I'm glad we did, because it wouldn't have been worth the wait. In the end, we decided that there are too many other buffets to try and we've already visited far better, so we won't be back.
5	This place is so dank. Probably my favorite buffet of all time. Quality and also quantity of the food is amazing. Service was also not bad. (Factoring in that this is a buffet..)What to get..Prime rib- Ranges from 3-5 stars. If you get a good cut it's tender, juicy and delicious. If you get a bad cut it could be a bit dry but still alright. King Crab Legs- 5 stars. These king crab legs were probably the best ones I've had at a buffet. Very fresh, not too salty, not too cold. Veal Ribs- 5 stars- Probably my favorite thing at the buffet. Meat was fall off the bone tender. Indian Chicken- 4.5 stars- Delicious. Moist, tender and seasoned perfectly. Salmon- 4 stars. Pretty bomb, make sure to slather the sauce they provide for you. Smoked Salmon- 4.3 stars. It was really good smoked salmon...Create your own pasta- 4 starsCreme Brulee- 4 stars (Bellagio's is better). Fried Chicken- 4 stars. It was some dank ass fried chicken. Meat was really moist and tender inside, and the skin was perfectly crisp and seasoned well. Pineapples- 5 stars. Theses were the best pineapples I've ever had. Not just at buffets. Mediocre StuffSoup noodles- 3 stars. The broth is great but I wasn't a fan of the noodles. The beef and toppings were pretty decent as well. Risotto- 2-4 stars. The first time I got it, it was really good but the second time for some reason it tasted kinda weird. Pizza- 3.5 stars. It was not bad but not to die for either. Gelato- It was cool that there was gelato at a buffet, but I've had better gelato. Kobe Meatloaf- 3.5 stars- It was pretty decent but the sauce was a bit much. Shrimp Cocktail- 3.5- Decent, good size, but I feel like I've had fresher shrimp. What not to get..Turkey- 1.5 stars. Dry.
5	For those who are planning to eat here soon, I have recorded a full HD Walk-Through of the entire buffet station at Wynn. (Probably the best footage on YouTube).  So if you guys want to see what they serve for dinner before you guys dine there, click on the YouTube link to see the Wynn buffet in HD:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws5o24QQg3EI had a great time eating at this fancy buffet. I have yet to eat at Bellagio buffet. So I would have to say that this is the nicest and fanciest buffet I have ever dined at Vegas. We had a great server that always came by and clear our dishes. I love how the foods were displayed on a nice white plate instead of aluminum tray at the station for us to go and grab it. All the crab legs were already sliced in half, so you wouldn't need a claw cracker. The only complained was that I wish the crab legs were steam instead of being chill.It was kind of pricey at almost 40 bucks with taxes. I wish this was part of the 24 hours.They also have the best dessert bar in term of dessert presentation. I love the crepe station.Overall, I love this place. It makes me feel like I'm living the high life. I definitely will try out Bellagio on my next visit to Vegas before dining at Wynn buffet again.
2	What a disappointment! I looked at most of the photos here on yelp and decided to give Wynn buffet a shot. Went for Sunday brunch @ $32 per person. Dining room decor was pretty plain for a Wynn property. I checked out each food station briefly before digging in. Several salads being served, well someone gives you lettuce then you finish it up. Meats and cheeses. A couple of Asian dishes, a couple of Mexican dishes, omelet station, scrambled eggs(kinda dry and overcooked), bacon (very good), sausage (pretty damn salty, prime rib (no bones tho), corn flake fried chicken, mashed potatoes, sushi, chilled shrimp. Just pretty basic fare. No BBQ, no crab legs, not a big selection for the price. Too bad LV Hilton is gone, loved their brunch! M is much better! Service was a little slow but the red sangria was top notch! $30 for a pitcher. Maybe the dinner during the week is better. I will not be doing brunch here again. No crab legs?! WTF?!Oh the people in my party gave it 1 star, 2.5 stars, 4 stars (by two people who just love to eat).  A disappointing weekend, after seeing Prometheus  the day before!
3	Decided to eat breakfast at the Wynn after my husband raved about the tomatoes he'd eaten here a few years ago...and insisted we go!!Can't say I was completely amazed by the food here, although, I will admit that we walked into into the buffet about a 1/2 hour before they changed everything over for lunch.The breakfast we had, was good...but to be honest, a little more expensive then what I would have expected to pay. Ate at Paris the day before and their buffet was enormous! This was not even 1/2 the size of that!What about the quality of the food? Was good. But nothing to write home about. Although, they did have an excellent tomato and mozzarella gazpacho, the smoked trout was delicious and the tomatoes were amazing...liked my husband promised...although, they were out of them quick!The remainder of food on the breakfast menu, was normal fare, and average tasting. Waffles, omelet station, quince, bacon, sausage and a few other offerings tossed in here and there.They were busy, so the waitstaff was a bit slow. Although, their coffee was pretty good and the juice was fresh.Decided I was going to ask one of the workers behind the food station about what they put on the tomatoes the next time I went up, and did. The lady got super snotty with me - why?! Because they moved the tomatoes and she was talking to someone else. Luckily one of the other servers seen how she treated my question and apologized, telling me what type of tomatoes and what was on them. Can't say I really recommend this buffet for breakfast. Average at best. My mother in law picked at her food, and was comparing notes with our neighbors at the table beside us about how the Flamingo has the best. Wouldn't mind checking it out for lunch...but even then...may be hitting up Paris instead!!
4	I've rated the Wynn buffet 5 stars because of it's delicious food, good service, and pretty decor. :)
5	As far as buffets go, this is the Grand Daddy of them all.  Wow! I normally avoid buffet's like the plague b/c I think they're gross and I usually don't get my money's worth of food.  If all buffet's were like THIS though, I'd be happy to frequent them more often.The dining room is lovely- really pretty, decorated nicely, and clean.  We had great service when ordering our drinks, getting our bill and for any questions we had.Now for the best part- the food!  I LOVE how clean the buffet area is- and it never felt crowded when I went to get a dish even though there were tons of people there.  There is def something for everyone. I did have one major mis-step though:  I didn't save room for dessert and my eyes popped out of my head when I saw how pretty and delicous their desserts looked.  FAIL on my part.  Next time I come, I will be sure to hit the desserts first! :)
2	Not so good for weekday lunch. Minimal (cheap) meat choices, turkey, flank steak, roasted chicken.  I cook those at home. Also, they were still serving breakfast foods at 12:30.  Could have used that prime rib others bragged about instead of eggs benedict.  Even lox (smoked salmon) instead of smoked trout would have been an upgrade.  Not worth the $$ for their lunch.
5	The best when it comes to buffets in Vegas. Super high quality, amazing selection. On Sundays, they have Chinese porridge; hits the spot if you happen to be hungover. Pricey, but worth it if you are into buffets.
2	This is my second time at the Wynn buffet.  It is a shame that the first time was so much better.  My main complaint is that crab legs were TINY.  It is definitely nowhere near king size.  Maybe times are tough and buffets are trying to cut cost.  I was fairly disappointed by the crab legs because thats what I look forward to eating at buffets.  I did like the lambchops though. The dessert and salad bars were acceptable.The manager was a jerk.  He gave us a really hard time when we tried to sit together.
4	i must confess that i flirted with the crepe maker, and he hooked me up, twice. strawberries, whipped cream, chocolate sauce all over a silky thin fragrant crepe.but before i had this little dessert rendevous, i stuffed myself with delicious prime rib, corn-flake fried chicken, mashed potatoes, green beans, fresh crab legs with drawn butter, watermelon mint feta salad, shrimp cocktail, beef noodle soup, green pea risotto with mushrooms, pork shortribs, carbonara tortellini, and a lot more i can't recall. then it was all dessert from then on.white espresso gelato, the signature wynn candied apple, red velvet cupcake, berry lemon parfait, raspberry cheesecake, chocolate covered marshmallow, strawberry sorbet, chocolate gelato, warm brownie, a huge creme brulee, tres leches...and then i ate those 2 crepes! please, don't judge me.
5	We almost skipped this place because we got a little sick of having buffet. Glad that we did not. The food is excellent. I love the dessert, the veal spareribs, kobe meatloaf, the asian food including their noodle soup. My hunny loves the lamb, he had 3 portions of the lambs.
2	my wife and i ate here for lunch after reading so many positive reviews.  we are veterans of the vegas buffet scene.  so i was surprised when the quality of the food was very poor considering this is the wynn.  probably one of the most prestigious resorts on the strip.  service was very good. unfortunately the food was not.  we will return to the resort, but will skip the lunch buffet
4	The Wynn is a beautiful hotel. I'm rating this buffet an impressive 4 stars. I am usually not a big fan of buffets but this place not only focuses on quantity but also quality. Quality + Quantity= Good buffet. TIP: Men must wear sleeves! If you aren't wearing sleeved shirts, you cannot enter the buffet or you must pay 12.99 for a mediocre looking wynn shirt. They have veal, prime rib, crab legs, pasta, yummy desserts, a crepe station, and vegan selections. This buffet is very allergy friendly because they provide gluten free food items. My bf paid $98 for the dinner including the shirt. Worth it!
5	I seriously do not understand how people can say anything negative about The Buffet. For a buffet, there was a huge selection of better quality food. I was amazed that when I was in search of the best buffet to invest in while in Vegas, so many vegas websites did not list the Wynn. I trusted fellow yelpers when it came to making the decision and they did not steer me wrong. The prices are high, but I would rather add a few bucks for the selection and quality here.The prime rib was incredibly tender and juicy here for a buffet. The king crab legs were also very fresh. They also had a selection of different thin crust pizzas that were sooo good! The dessert bar is really phenomenal, though. It was the highlight of the entire buffet. From the made to order crepes, gelatos, cakes (there was a mint mojito cake that tasted SPOT ON like the drink!) , pies, candies, and more, the dessert itself is just simply to die for!
5	This, along with Wicked Spoon at Cosmo, are the two best buffets on the strip. The decor was beautiful, the service was amiable and friendly, and the food is awesome. I didn't see anything sitting for long periods of time, everything for the most part was hot, flavorful and really, really tasty. I especially appreciate the crab legs, and the shrimp, and the prime rib and Yorkshire pudding was divine.
5	The best buffet I ever! When I think of a "buffet" I think of dry, cheap food that has been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. This place shouldn't even be called a buffet by those standards. It should be called heaven.
4	Without hesitation, probably the best buffet I had in Vegas. Let me list the reasons why... 1. Selection- It has Asian, Italian, Breaskfast/Brunch, Meats, Mediterranean, and American food. And to top it off, the have a great desert selection and fresh fruits!2. Quality- Sure most buffets will undoubtedly have the same selections, but I think this one really stands out in quality and freshness. When you eat here, you may not like the flavors of certain dishes, but trust me when I say you won't be disappointed in their quality of food. 3. Service- Quite fast for having such a huge dining area. You're not going to get the personal service, but it's a buffet. This place has a pretty high price tag, (98 for 2) but I think it is definitely worth it. TIP: If you don't want to wait in line forever you can either get a line pass through your Wynn RED card counter or just buy the VIP line pass which includes alcohol drinks.
3	I went there for dinner.  Considering that it is more expensive than the usual buffet, I would expect the quality to be good.  Yes, the quality is better than many other buffets.  The selection was O.K.  (they did not have King crabs).   I would say that the selection for desserts was quite extensive.  However, I don't think I would go back.  If you're willing to spend $50/person for a buffet, I would suggest going to a more traditional restaurant ("Le Cirque" for example).  You will certainly get less food, but I think that the quality and taste of the food to be better.If you're just there to "pig out", I would say to try "Carnival World Buffet" at the Rio.
2	I've been to the Buffet at the Wynn before and had a great experience, however this last time I was a little disappointed. I am a sucker for crab legs, but the crab legs this time were very salty that I could barely eat it. Otherwise the rest of the food was good and I enjoyed the dessert. My biggest disappointment, at which point I became grossed out and could not even eat the hot food anymore is when my friend and I heard the noise of a nail clipper, only to look up and see one of the employees behind the station clipping his finger nails and I'm not sure if this would make it any better but wasn't clipping it over a trash can so who knows where it was flying into???!  And to make matters worse, did not wash his hands after and assisted a customer with food.
3	A- OK for the shiny and formal utensils. Pricing? Very fair for its name and reputation.... After all, it's the WYNN. Best buffet service ever though.Food? It's a buffet, an upscale one with a vast selection of food. Enough said. Am I misleading?
4	Went here for dinner. This is more like a very weak 4. But they have a nice selection with a wide variety of dishes. Oddly enough I think their best dish is the singapore noodles. Their salad section is a bit weak and they have a lot of desserts, but the topping on all their creme brule was not at all very caramelized! Very dissappointed in that. Also, their gelato isn't really gelato but more like ice cream. And service, they're so busy with the influx of customers that you have to aggresively flag down a wait staff if you want to get your drink refilled or your table cleared, otherwise you'll be waiting for a while. None of the food left me "oooh, gotta have that again." Maybe because we came in around 9pm and many of the dishes I had were only warm, but not hot off the stove.
5	We tried this buffet because 1. we were staying at the Encore, and 2. we heard it was the best for vegan and gluten free options, and were so impressed that we actually ate here twice, once for breakfast (which crossed into lunch just as we were finishing) and once for dinner.For breakfast, I was very impressed with the omelette station, the variety of smoked fish, and the great selection of fresh and dried fruits, yogurts and granola. My omelette was packed full of my requested toppings and perfectly cooked - and I was unsure how high my expectations should be given the line of people the cook had waiting for him. Even for vegans and celiacs, there were tons of options - ie., I'm not even mentioning the large portions of the buffet that I didn't touch, for example sausages, pancakes, waffles, bacon, toast, cereal, etc. There were also Mexican and Chinese food options available for breakfast; I tried the corn frittata and the hot bean mixture from the former and the pineapple fried rice from the latter, all of which were very tasty.For dinner, there is an even larger selection of cuisine types available. My personal favourite was the antipasto station with an awesome array of meats, cheeses, olives, dried fruits and nuts, and spreads such as hummus, baba ghanouj, and olive and artichoke tapanades. I also absolutely loved the sweet pea risotto (and I don't usually like peas!) and the Thai basil rice noodle stir fry. Not to mention the hot and cold seafood options - I only tried the smoked salmon and a small bite of a couple of the hot fish dishes because I was enjoying everything else so much, but the crab legs looked impressive.  Again, there is a ton that I am not even mentioning, for example the sushi, the pasta bar and pizza in the Italian section, the Chinese section, and the American section with fresh carved turkey and roast beef for the meat and potatoes crowd. Point being, once again, options galore. Although a celiac and not a big dessert person, I would be remiss to mention the buffet without raving about the dessert station. Even though I couldn't eat them, you couldn't help but be charmed and impressed by the little cups full of cute little dessert creations, as well as the cupcakes and other assorted goodies. As for what I could have, the gelato station made me feel like a kid ordering an old fashioned ice cream sundae, and there were a few other excellent gluten free options, including but not limited to fresh fruit.The atmosphere was lovely, the seating space was very large so we didn't have to wait too long, and the service was great, especially for a buffet. Yes, it is on the pricey side, but absolutely worth it for the variety and quality of the food. Also, my absolute favourite part? For dinner, for an extra $10, you can get all-you-can-drink mimosas, champagne and Bloody Marys. Every time we went to grab some more food, the drink that we ordered was waiting for us when we got back to our table. Perfect!
4	Great place for a "Las Vegas Breakfast" A Las Vegas Breakfast is usually served around 11am and must be accompanied by an alcoholic beverage(s) to fight the massive boxing match my body is having with my head. I've been here a few times, and gambled away a nice chunk of change in the casino, so I get a few privileges here. Omelet station is a terrific. To me a good omelet needs meat, cheese and a veggie. I can usually convince the little fella at the grill to load up the bacon and cheddar for me. They have a really nice display of fruits, veggies, cheese and other fancy food. I say skip it, and go right for the pizzas. Nothing washes down a bacon and cheese omelet like a wood oven pizza, not a slice...the whole freekin pie. So after I'm full, depressed, and in a state of general self loathing, I'll toss back another bloody mary and maybe another omelet, and head back to my room to hate myself just long enough to sleep it off, and be ready for to gamble, drink and act like a degenerate in front of a bunch of strangers one more time. Whatever happens at the Wynn Buffet, stays at the Wynn Buffet.
4	Went here for the weekend buffet dinner.  75% of my dinner consisted of me piling plate after plate of Alaskan Opilio Crab Legs.  It was great that the legs ware already split in half so it made scooping out the yummy crab meat quick and easy, dab it in a little butter and I pigged out.  I think I ate about 60 legs (give or take 10).  I also enjoyed the pea risotto which was delicious.  Other bits and pieces I got were the lamb t-bone, shrimp cocktail, salad shooters (thai, mediterranean, caprese).  The dessert selection was great as well - I really enjoyed the gelato selection they had.  I recall getting vanilla bean, white espresso, mint cheap, and chocolate fudge.Plus here's a hint, on Saturday night I got there at 6pm and my total wait until being seated was no more than 30 minutes :D
4	The Wynn Buffet is probaly the prettiest atmosphere of all the buffets.  Its bright and flowery and really well done, with a French feeling.   The food was really good as well.  We went for lunch.  My favorites were the dim sum selections, pizza, cesar salad, and flank steak.  Oh my god that steak is amazing... the spices they use make it so flavorful.... YUM!  Desserts are really good... gelato, dulce de leche shot glass, cookies, and chocolate croissant.  I recommend.
5	Why are you even scrolling down to read reviews? JUST GO.If you are a first-timer, here are instructions on how to eat here:STEP ONE: If you want to be chingchonglinglong cheap, you should get your butt in line around 2:45pm (depending on what day it is of course) to pay the lunch price and get dinner food.STEP TWO:Sit yourself down in the garden themed rooms and stuff yourself with an unlimited amount of dericious prime rib, mashed potatoes, CREME BRULEE, cocktail shrimp, etc. STEP THREE: When 3:25pm rolls around, stop stuffing yourself and get in line for KING CRAB LEGS. STEP FOUR:While you're in line, do some jumping jacks and lunges to lose some of the food baby.STEP FIVE:Proceed to pile your plate, or plateS, with the fattest, cleanest, freshest, and longest king crab legs you'll ever see. (While you're near the seafood section, stop by and grab some more refill of cocktail shrimp)STEP SIX:Repeat steps 2, 4, and 5 until you LITERALLY cannot walk without looking pregnant anymore.STEP SEVEN:Go clubbing at night to lose the weight and come back the next day!I hope that helped! Enjoy.
3	The foods weren't that good, that was why the line wasn't that long ... Less than 30 mins of waiting ... Maybe weekend and holiday time would be better ???   Over all I didn't like what I paid for:     Their shrimp cocktail sauce was really suck.     Their sushi bar was terrible with just a few of rolls and seem like they were stayed there for a long time     Their desserts.....so disappoint ... Nothing was catching my sweet tooth :(.
4	What did they NOT have here? Extensive buffet options-- your stomach will explode. I thought the desserts weren't spectacular, but the gelato helped make up for that. The potstickers were surprisingly good! I love potstickers, but they seem so ordinary, I was going to pass on it. I'm not sure why they were so good! Needless to say, we spent a good amount of time there eating.
3	If I'd never been to wicked spoon, I would have thought this was fantastic. The quality was good/ok, but it was crowded, and expensive for what you get unless you are just planning to Hoover mass quantities.It was a little Disneyland-buffet ish.
1	Not for Champagne Brunch, anyway. We have been here several times for brunch, and this last time was definitely the last. We are patrons of Wynn and Encore, staying at both properties frequently. They have downgraded their "champagne" (sparkling wine) to Jaques Bonet, the bottom of the barrel ! It sells for 1.99 a bottle at Lee's Liquor in Vegas and is horrible! Only served at the lowest of low brunches in Downtown Vegas casinos. What is going on?? With the price of that brunch?? The service was slow today and inattentive. Prime rib good, shrimp limp, and chicken undercooked. I had food poisoning that night. Long wait in line.
5	Finally... a buffet where Quantity = Quality. Of course, it is still a buffet, so, don't come expecting this to be a 5-star dining experience or some romantic dinner for two. The Buffet at Wynn Las Vegas is a 5-star buffet experience ... with buffet being the key word.We came for dinner and left about 2 1/2 hours later. I'm sure our waitress thought we were pigs. I know we felt like pigs ... and didn't really care because we loved the food so much. - Fresh-prepared food like a Pasta counter, Salad station, and custom Crepes  - Mounds of Crab Legs and Shrimp - Lamb, Prime Rib, & Game Hen - Try to get a table in the well-lit courtyard. It's a nicer atmosphere. - Gelato, Candied Apples, Profiteroles, and Chocolate-covered Marshmallows - Cheeses and Charcuterie - Dim Sum dumplings (so-so) and other Asian dishes - More, more, and more.It may sound like every other buffet and while it is, it also isn't. The little things are nicer. The food is better. The buffet is better.
4	Hands down THE BEST DESSERTS of any buffet I've attended in my life! I mostly had the parfaits in the mini cups and they were whipped to such an airy lightness with just the right amount of sweetness, I did not feel piggish going back for more! Creative, delicious, and beautiful. Did I mention DELICIOUS?!? Yes!!!Tips: Lunch starts at 11. If you're in the mood for brunch, line up about 10:30 or earlier to get the best of breakfast and lunch! Ladies, do not show up in a bathing suit with a sheer cover-up. They will make you go back and get decent. Or in the case of the young woman who probably wasn't staying at the hotel, they threw a big t-shirt on her. No one wants to see your butt in a thong during a meal!
4	This is one of the better buffets I've been to. It's about $40 per person for dinner.Some of the food actually tastes like food, though it's hit or miss depending on the dish. They had long cold skinny crab legs, sliced in half, which made it easy to eat and peeled cold shrimp.My favorite dishes were the corn chowder, corn on the cob, sauteed green beans, and salad with candied walnuts. The pizza was decent. The prime rib was too soft and undercooked.For dessert, creme brulee was enjoyable. There was a crepe station for made to order crepes. The candied apples were very cute to look at but too hard to eat. The marshmallows dipped in chocolate and sprinkles were cute but had been left out too long. Many of the desserts were cute to look at, but the taste was just okay.I had an enjoyable experience and was satisfied, until I went to Wicked Spoons! (Wicked Spoons was even better!)
5	okay wow this was amazing. first enjoy the scenery as you walk into this REALLY pretty hotel lobby. and just that alone was enough for my appetite. next walk past the tables and enjoy the hotel. MAKE SURE YOU WEAR SLEEVES. nothing less than a tshirt or there is a 1299 FEE for a shirt. 40$ for the buffet was to be expected so its fine.the food selection is plentiful. and the quality of the food is amaze balls lol.i like to do a section at a time at the buffet so that im not so over whelmed, each section did not dissapoint at all.the DESSERT MADE ME THINK I NEVER NEED to have sex again hahaha! okay maybe not soo dramatic but it was that good. def make a crepe! the selection isnt as big as the other buffets but its enough and THEY ARE SO GOOD.the service was kind of slow for someone who only had a few tables but thats okay. im not expecting the waiter to be at my side the entire time.a must go.
3	So this buffet has got to be the prettiest buffet I've eaten at. The flowers, the decor, everything is so whimsical and magical. For $40+ (with tax), I was expecting a pretty damn good buffet, especially as some say it's better than Bellagio.So lots of choices, but I am probably the worst person to spend for dinner buffets. Why? I don't eat king crab legs, prime rib, and any of the expensive stuff. My friends indulged in both and enjoyed themselves. But, we all agreed, all their food is so dang salty. It was such a dissapointment. I kept refilling at the caeser salad and pizza bar, two of the best things I felt this buffet offered. They were both really the best pizza and caeser salad I've tasted at a buffet. :)We also sampled the majority of their desserts. There were only a few that were good though unfortunately! All in all, I'd pass on this buffet next time, definitley not worth it for me, but if you loe prime rib and king crab legs, definitley check this place out!
5	The Wynn Buffet what can I say, I think it's the best Buffet in Las Vegas! $37pp for dinner. They offer sliced Alaskan King Crab legs, jumbo shrimp, sushi, homemade pasta station, fresh soups, Seabass, Swordfish, Lamb, Prime Rib, Euro imported cheeses, Brick oven pizzas, tasty desserts, etc. Everything is high quality and sauces are kept to a minimum to avoid pools of grease! When I go I usually end up eating for 2.5hrs because I can't get enough!
4	Came here for a Saturday dinner with the fam bam. We got there earlier around 6:30 PM and there was barely a wait - woot!Food selection was more limited than I thought but the main items I came here for (prime rib + crab legs) were fantastic. We all loved the risotto as well. I avoided most of the carby food/salad so can't say how good those were. I did notice that there was a good assortment of Chinese/asian food and my parents really liked the beef soup (however, my dad claimed that there was too much MSG since he was super thirsty later on). The dessert area was pretty diverse - there were tons of gelato flavors to pick from and an assortment of mini-cakes.I would probably not come back yet since I'm not a huge buffet person but this one is definitely one of the better ones in and out of Vegas.
1	Disappointed!  Choices are limited and the food is cold....
3	Pretty decor, and wide selection of foods but food quality and taste is average.. I've been here twice and I'm not so amazed by their foods. Crab legs and shrimps were not so fresh but salty.  The only foods I liked were the veggies and salad. The meats were okay.
4	Come here for:Crab legs, shrimp, beef, desserts. Thats all. Bad sushi, bad selection for kosher peeps who don't eat pork or shellfish, and generally just not worth it UNLESS you eat the 4 items listed above exclusively.
2	uhhh...am i missing something? i've heard so much about the wynn buffet and how amazing it is but i was completely unimpressed!! my friends and i paid $43.00 each for dinner and it was SO NOT WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!they have a wide selection of food to choose from but there wasn't anything really appealing...the food was either too salty, too bland or plain GROSS. the only thing i enjoyed was the brisket. never. coming. here. again. -_______-
3	3.5 to be exact. If you are looking for a buffet, this is for sure the best one on the strip. BUT, being a buffet, the quality of the food is rather low. There is a huge array of food to choose from, but I didn't find much of it appetizing. The service is slow. The price is high. The entrance is very nice, but once you get inside, it really is not so exciting. The line is long. Not my first choice of dining in Vegas.
5	Tons of people have hyped up the Wynn Buffet to me... It did not disappoint. Prime rib, roast turkey, crab legs, veal, pasta cooked to order, quality meat and cheese selections and the prettiest dessert area I've ever seen. Totally worth the 30 some dollars. Everything I tried was amazing. If you like buffets, you need to go here.
2	Don't waste your time or money; $20 for Denny's quality food!
1	Not worth $$$$I paid $43 for holiday buffet. This totally not worth it. Not sure what am I missing why am I seeing 4 stars here. This buffet only worth like $9.99 where you will find this kind of buffet middle of no where. This is Vegas...need to get it up to the standard!
4	Don't go unless you're very hungry!Food surprisingly good. Desserts beautiful & delicious.
3	Definitely did not live up to the hype. Paid around $30 for lunch and I was not impressed. The buffet had different stations and everything was mediocre. The meats weren't anything special and all the other international foods didn't seem to do the dish justice. I think the only thing that really stood out to me was their lobster bisque which I had two bowls of. The only thing that is worth the trip is their dessert bar. So many little dessert cups, cakes, and gelato! Safe to say I got full off of most of the sweets since it's hard to resist trying everything. The service was prompt and the staff was very friendly. I don't think any of us had an empty glass of any beverage. They were also very accommodating to our random mixes of drink orders.
2	I am basing this review solely on their VEGAN options and VEGAN options alone. I was told that this was the go to place for the vegans in vegas. i was not that impressed. for 31 dollars, I could have ate somewhere else actually. All the vegan options were not clearly marked like I was told. But luckily, the chef came out and walked me thru the buffet line and showed me what I could and could not eat. Most of the stuff was just little things here and there. They did make me a veggie pizza that was alright, but I felt like it was a total waste because I only wanted a piece. My meat eating friends were not that impressed with the place either. Maybe I needed to try it at dinner time and not at brunch? I was just thinking there would be actually main course dishes for us vegans and not just salads and appetizer type things. Vegas...where you lose an extravagant amount of money on gambling and food! bahaha
3	Good value for what you're paying for, and a huge selection of food. You will come out completely stuffed. Good dessert. However, none of the foods blew my mind, and the wait was really long. I would probably go here again if I was starving, or if the line was short.
4	Yum! I've tried many of the buffets on the Strip over the years and this was definitely one of my favorites! The price for dinner is decent (for Vegas), and they have a wide selection of food. The crabs legs and shrimp were delicious, very sweet and succulent. I also really like the antipasto bar and the fresh scooped gelato was really tasty! One of the major misses for me was the sushi, however. It was just not good, small, hard and yucky. Other than that, everything was delicious and we had many plates full of food! I would recommend this buffet for those who want to chow down before they hit the slots.
4	Based on breakfast/brunch food:All I kept hearing when I told people I was going to Vegas was to hit up Wynn's buffet. That it was "amazing" and "delicious" and "[insert other awesome adjectives to describe their food]." So of course the day of checkout, we decided to eat here. Now I know you're gonna say that we should've gone for lunch/dinner because the food selection is better and blah blah blah. But by this time, GUAP had been lost at the slots and we were in conservation mode so that meant breakfast buffet. Moving on... the space is beautiful. Fresh flowers everywhere. But I didn't expect anything less from the Wynn. They have their aesthetics down pat. What I didn't like was their dress code policy. My brother had to walk all the way back to our suite at the Encore to change out of his beater/tank. I mean I get it that you guys wanna keep it classy, but when I look over at the table next to me with a woman wearing basically a napkin over her breasts... kinda defeats the purpose ay? Might wanna fine tune that policy. Anyways you would think that breakfast buffet foods would be limited because that's what I thought. But not here! Pretty amazing variety of foods offered here. Friggin awesome! From different fruit salads to eggs Benedict with salmon to scrambled egg whites to plain old fruit loops for the kids. However their dessert area is by far the most impressive. I probably took something from each area: gelato, cake, cookie, cupcake, mousse, etc. Yes, I'm a foodie. Tis why I'm a Yelper. Duh! Now granted I didn't eat everything that I took. I just sampled and if I didn't like it, I'd set it aside. Some may argue that that's wasteful. Bitch, we're at a buffet. It's all wasteful.Definitely coming back for lunch/dinner next time I'm in Vegas. But maybe I'll come before I gamble so there's actual money to be spent. NTS.
4	This ain't no Hometown Buffet, yo!FYI, I am NOT a fan of buffets! When my brother wanted to spend his birthday here out of ALL the other excellent restaurants in Vegas, I wanted to say, "What?!?! Are you serious?!?! What the heck is wrong with you?!?! Do we really need 3000 calories in one meal???"But hey, he was paying for our dinner at $36.95/person so I just kept my mouth shut. I'm sure my bratty face showed how I was feeling anyway. While dining here, I realized that the food was much better than most buffets. Actually, it's the best buffet I've been to so far.Excellent dishes:Thai Beef SaladCrab legsSmoked SalmonChicken with some kind of mango salsaPepperoni PizzaAnd so many more but I can't remember cuz I was in a food coma.Not so great dishes:All the sushi rolls - rice was old, dry, tough. Sushi is never good at a buffet. I know this but I was curious, I just wanted to try it.And some other things but I can't remember cuz I was in a food coma.Then there's the dessert area....EEEEEEEEEEEEKKK!  It was HEAVEN!!! A crepe station, gelato, cookies, carrot cake, cheescakes, cupcakes, mousse, chocolate-dipped marshmallows, etc. The creme brulee was my favorite! I think I tried almost ALL of them. YAY for sugar!!! I had about 10 desserts on the table in front of me. WOOO!Service was excellent! I wish I remembered the name of the guy who helped us with drinks and other things cuz he was really patient with the 18 of us. We needed more utensils, napkins, drinks and we changed the seating for the kids, our requests seemed endless but we didn't have to wait long to get them. When my family realized he was Filipino, they were all over him and kept asking him questions: "Where do you live?" "Where's your family?" "How long have you been here?" "Can you take our picture?" "Can you take one more?" "Okay, one more picture?" I felt sorry for the guy but it didn't look like it bothered him at all. He never stopped working or smiling while he was answering a billion questions...and thank you for taking 50 pics of us!I had so much fun trying so many different things! I'm glad my brother celebrated his birthday here. For a buffet, this is really good!
5	Vegas is all about doing it over-the-top. Partying, drinking, eating, gambling aka wasting money unless you're lucky for once, shopping, tanning, lying to strangers...as long as you're doing it over the top, then Sin City is your oyster. So what better place to get brunch to nurse your hangover than an all-you-can-eat buffet? But wait. Not just any buffet. THE buffet to go is located at the Wynn. Here you can overindulge feeling classy all the while you are stuffing your gut with their huge assortment of food. Asian? Check. Mexican? Check. Italian? Check. American? Check. Unless you're a vegan with a wheat & nut allergy and a general hate for all things food, you'll find something here to please your palate. What's great about a buffet is that you can take a little bit of everything and then return for a larger portion of what you liked the best. Or keep trying things... By plate four (overflowing) I felt I hadn't even made a dent in the options available. There are fresh salads, soups, lots of meats, various egg dishes, a made-to-order omelet station, ham carving station, stir fry woks, pizzas, etc. etc. You'll discover something new with every trip to the food spreads. Secret tip: Be smart like us and get there around 10-10.30am. That way you can have all the breakfast options and then at 11am when they start serving lunch you can have a whole new buffet spread to choose from (and you only paid the brunch price). Pure indulgence. Food coma will ensue. Get the $10 bottomless champagne/mimosas to swish all that food down.Lastly, a trip to the dessert display can never be avoided. This is my favorite part of any buffet. Who doesn't like little dessert concoctions served in shot glasses and mini pie slices on small plates? The Buffet at Wynn outdoes themselves every time on the desserts. Marshmallows on a stick dipped in white/milk/dark chocolate sprinkled with crunchy chopped nuts and rainbow sprinkles. Candied apples. Ice cream. Pastries. Fruit tartlets. Cakes. Pies. Mousses. Cookies. Eclairs. Beignets. *SIGH* everything a sweet tooth could ever want is waiting right here for you. My favorites were the rocky road cake and the mint mojito pie.
5	4.5 stars but I'll round up! :)This is my second favorite buffet in Vegas (after Wicked Spoon). Again, the quality of the food you get here is totally worth the price! I especially love the sweet pea risotto and the crepe station :) YUM.One trick is to come here during lunch and stay until dinner! That way, you get to try both lunch and dinner menu, but only paying the lunch price! However, you'll probably be wasting a lot of your time in Vegas here, but hey, it's worth it!
4	4.5By far, one of my favorite buffets in Vegas~Since me and my girlfriends came to Vegas on a Thursday and left on a Monday, we had the chance to eat here twice! If you come on a weekday for lunch, it's only about $25!! Highly recommended!! The food is really worth trying, especially if you get it at that price. I came here before for dinner also, and I believe that it's better than Wicked Spoon. The service is good, and the servers are quick to take your drinks choices and to take out the unwanted dishes from your table
3	No crab legs at the breakfast buffet. Sad face. I was pretty underwhelmed with the options. There was a big line for the omelette bar so I skipped it for extra smoked salmon. The pot sticker and bao in the "Asian" section were kind of icky and I freaking love me my dim sum. The best thing was this cucumber/honeydew/mint cold soup. The husband was pretty happy with the 9 strips of bacon and his bacon mushroom omelette. It was just an ok experience.
5	First it was smaller than Rio, or Bellagio.  But this works in the favor of the atmosphere.  No need to walk more than about 200 ft from end to end.  Most of the food is prepared on demand or they have it such small quantities it doesn't sit very long before a new batch has to be prepared.  This is great for keeping down that sense that it has been sitting there for days.  The desert doesn't kill you with sweetness but is a nice send off to a great experience.  Some tables gathered each of the available deserts to taste test each which I thought was a good sign.Personally I wish I had more room to taste what I could not get too because of my limited space.Highly recommended.
3	meh, not bad, but I expected better. Bellagio is much better in my opinion.
4	Nothing says "this place rules" more than going twice in a row. That's what we did: two back to back dinners at the Buffet at Wynn. We rolled in about 5 roller derby girls deep and hit this buffet hard. The only dress code requirement was that we had an opaque cover up on - thankfully, we did (this time).  The line was about 45 minutes late, which was cutting into our viable gorging time. On average, we each ate three plates with different strategies for approaching this buffet: I steered clear of the starches to maximize consumption, Donna focused on the seafood, Lauren went light on the main courses and then slammed down some serious desserts. And, of course, we had endless glasses of Diet Coke poured non-stop. While one might scoff at the price, $40 buys you not only an inhumane amount of food, with a wide vegan menu, but it also buys you faux-ostrich leather walls and chairs. Oh, and this place is hella classy for a buffet. So don't be like us and show up in stank-ass derby clothes and bandanas.
4	I'd like to point out why this isn't 5 stars in my book because everyone, absolutely everyone in Vegas knows this is one of the nicest and best buffets.There are 2 stalls in the men's bathroom. During prime time, that can be quite a wait. It is also hot in there. Ventilation please?The service isn't amazing. I had to ask multiple times for a straw for my drink and for a refill.They could use a little more variety in their vegetables and maybe some avocado or something with the eggs. The omelet line was quite long, and if they took an omelet order that would help significantly.Desserts, amazing. Seafood, amazing. Ambiance, beautiful and private feeling and airy. I liked the corn tostada things they had with some sour cream and side ingredients. The prime rib was amazing for a buffet. The eggs benedict was ordinary. The fried chicken was a lower quality of chicken than I expected.However, come for the desserts and the prime rib. You'll love it anyways.
3	That's right I'm giving this proclaimed "best buffet in Las Vegas" 2.5 stars .  So put your pitch forks and torches down and here is why.   One overly priced buffet for crab legs, there are other places on the strip cheaper.  It came out to be 40 dollars a person after tax. Two the creme brulee was a bit runny which ruin the taste because of texture.   Three the baked salmon was bland i guess the chef needs to go back to culinary school because he forgot to use salt and pepper.  Four the shrimp was mushy, i guess it was old or sitting out all day.  Five the crepe was made in front of you which was nice but the cook was sweating profusely which turn me off unless you like your crepe seasoned with her salty sweat.  I got the strawberry crepe covered with chocolate syrup.  Sounds good right, nope they used a runny strawberry jam as the filling not fresh ones.  Finally they had the smallest restrooms in the buffet area which was like 3 stalls, so there was a line.  Nothing like the smell of @$$ to enhance your eating experience.Heres what they did right.  One i love the risotto it was creamy and flavorful.   Two they had a wide selection of deserts.  The gelato was smooth and creamy.  my favorite topping was the almond slices on it . Three the crab legs  were sweet and cut down the middle. It was not like at the Rio's Carnival Buffet crab legs where they purposely salt them.
3	Tried several buffets in Vegas and I can say that our complimentary buffets which were included in our room package was really really worth it! However, they served some items from dinner to breakfast the next day...same with their dessert..they have a massive selection but some items were like mainstay...so if we eat here 4 times for 4 days...we will not see much difference from the menu..
3	It's just ok.  One person who works there was such a snob and half,  although I liked their crab legs, but I won't go back!  I can get that somewhere else minus the attitude.  For all that frills and ruffles, I actually left the buffet feeling hungry, how absurd!  A few items i tried tasted bland and unappetizing, I'm not the kind of person who can feast on the look of the food.  I don't care how aesthetic they are, they have to be tasty to win me.  The only item I cared, crab legs, always have huge line, by the time I get to meet the crab legs, my legs were wobbling and the acid in my stomach was bubbling.  Ok, maybe I'm little bit exaggerating, but u get my gist. I have to give them credit for the fancy schmancy decor, which draws me in at the first place.
5	Great "classic" buffet, i.e. the type of buffet that would please my parents. The crepe bar, cheese and charcuterie selection are good. The seafood (crab legs / shrimp cocktail) are exactly how I would want them to be. I really don't believe in long lines for food so I never come at true dinner time and instead opt for earlier eating.
5	2nd experience here, decor is great, sit in the atrium , service was good, selection is great, food was awesome!  1st time I came here there was a looong wait to get seated, this time however there was very short wait time. The only negative is they charge extra for champagne or mimosa  :-(
1	Overrated. Guys, don't wear tanks to this buffet cause they won't let you in they'll make you buy a $12 shirt unless you are staying at the wynn and can go to your room to change. Food was not that great and service was even worse.  The lady that was supposed to serve us got our drinks once and never came back to check for refills we had to get other waiters to get us more drinks.  We wanted to try this buffet going off the ratings and reviews on here and also spent more at this buffet than any other but were very disappointed with it. Studio B at M Resort and Wicked Spoon at Cosmo way way way better food and service.
1	To begin; The only reason I gave them 1 star, because if you want to wright a review on yelp you have to give them a star. My wife and I,  wanted to try a new buffet. We always preferred going to the Excalibur buffet. Guys, its really expensive and the food is not that great. To be honest, there was nothing that i actually liked. Most of the food was cold and very mediocre, hometown buffet or even the salad bar at sizzler is way better than this buffet. The pasta bar was not good at all. They had meet ball with marinara and the meet balls tasted very funky. I do have to say the desserts where just OK. Like the carrot cake was dry and they put to much orange zest, it actually made the cake taste like and orange cake instead of a carrot cake. I do have to say that the service was really good, Sandra our server was very attentive of us, bringing drinks and picking up or dirty plates. So in conclusion, just go some where else. I mean honestly there's a lot of buffets in Las Vegas specially on the strip. Sorry Wynn buffet, but you guys really need to re- analyze your buffet cuz the food was not even good.
3	Lots of varieties, but the Asian food needs a little more flavor. Prime rib was good, a little thin.  Good buffet though.
1	Skip it! If i could give no stars (or) negative stars i would.It's overpriced, and definitely NOT worth the wait. The food was bad buffet food. It reminded me of the scene from Vegas Vacation when Clark Griswold & Cousin Eddie go to the buffet. Food had no flavor....i didn't think you could screw up mini waffles but the batter was dry and the strawberry compote (really just strawberries in sugar syrup) didn't help the dryness. I thought maybe the prime rib would be good but it was very fatty and was dry as well. All the vegetables i tried were bendy if raw or mushy if cooked. They just couldn't seem to get anything right. The only thing that was ok were the deli meats & cheeses, but i would hate to pay the full ticket price for a buffet to only eat deli meat. I had such high hopes since there were so many review and a very high star rating, but i was extremely disappointed.  Please don't waste your hard earned money and time.
5	I absolutely LOVE this buffet!!!! It has everything you can possibly want. It has a great selection of meats, desserts, Asian food, seafood, and appetizers. I got the prime rib end cut and it was to die for. Also, the shrimp tempura and vegetables are delicious. One of the things that certainly stands out about this place is that the king crab legs are already cut for you, so you don't have to do all the work of opening the legs to get the meat. The crab and big shrimp alone make it worthwhile. Also, in the dessert area you can make your own crepes with whatever toppings you want. Everything is so delicious here definitely my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.
3	First time visited here with my boyfriend for dinner. Food is just average for the price. Nothing else was outstanding aside from crab legs and prime rib.Overall food + service just average
5	Fri/sat buffet is the best time to go all u can eat...Crab legs..save plenty of room for the wonderful desserts.
4	Def best champaign brunch buffet I've been to. So worth it!!!
2	I came here super excited since the Wynn has such a highly raved buffet of Vegas and from many satisfied friends. Though there was not a line when my boyfriend and I arrived, and plenty of tables all around, it took a good 30 minutes before we got seated. Alright, I'll let it slide this time. So got seated and ordered a pink lemonade mixed with Sprite because I was so thirsty from the desert heat. when I gulped up my first glass,m I headed towards the food. The way I usually eat at buffets is I'll walk around the whole area, see what they got, then mentally divide and pair up which foods I'll get together in each trip. Started off with some pasta. I love me some pasta. I got the tortellini and noticed they had a made-to-order pasta station. Oooooooh! There was a line so I decided to come back. Let's just say that tortellini and the cocktail shrimps were the best of the entire buffet. The ravioli I got at the pasta station after tasted like shit. They only had 2 soup choices where other buffets have at least 4. The corn on the cob was so soggy and greasy. The selection at the Wynn buffet is so minimal. There wasn't much to eat. Not to mention that the plates weren't all fully cleaned. I came across two plates my entire meal that had specks of sauce on it still. I left still hungry. I should have went to Bellagio.
2	After a long day of hiking and driving I was starving and thought I would give Wynn another shot at satiating my hunger. Disappointed again. They do try to make interesting foods (lamb, risotto, Indian food) but the execution is mediocre.Indian curry - watered down, too sweet, and no spicePrime Rib - big hunk of meat, but rather tastelessChinese dimsum - disgusting, avoid all togetherPasta - meh, worse than Olive Gardenlamb (2 ways) - okay, but nothRisotto - goodMashed potatoes - deliciousit's like cruise food - good for variety and volume but not if you are expecting quality.
5	must try if you are in vegas! brisket so damn delicious. crab legs cracked in half already. shrimp peeled already. best buffet hands down
2	Really Yelp? 4 stars? Can you say overrated? So I'm usually wary of all you can eat buffets because the quality of food is often mediocre at most, but I decided to rely upon the yelp reviews. First off, we came here for brunch (it's okay we had girls in the group XD) and it cost us $37 each, pretty steep price. Also, the line went on for about 1 hour. Finally when we were seated it took a while for the hostess to get our drinks... As for the food, skip the asian section... As for the steak, it was chewy and not seasoned well enough. The smoked salmon was pretty good and the shrimp was solid. As for the dessert I grabbed one of everything, they look great, however, everything just tasted like colored sugar. Overall, I was pretty disappointed, I guess I'll be staying away from buffets in Vegas for awhile.
3	When you come here, your tummy will need to be patient because of the long wait. However, to make your trip to the Wynn buffet worth it -- make sure to save the best for last. And what is it exactly? For me, it was the grapefruit gelato!I came for lunch and the food selection was okay. I would have to say that the memorable dishes that I had was at the omelette station. It was a shame that there was no spinach available even though it was on the menu. But I was satisfied with my omelette, nonetheless. The smoked salmon was delicious. I actually thought it was cool how there was a congee station -- however I personally like my congee thick. The congee was a bit watery for my taste and the rice was a bit thin. I am a cheese fanatic and I was so excited to see a meat and cheese station when I first walked in. I tried each type of cheese and only ended up disappointed. It was dry and bland. :( My cheesy heart hurt at that moment.All in all, the grapefruit gelato made my stay at the Wynn buffet. It had the perfect ratio of that tart and sweet flavor. Other flavors were delicious as well (espresso, vanilla bean, strawberry, etc). :]
4	Good food, but I was a little disappointed at the spread.  I was really excited to come here because some people had told me that this buffet was better than the Wicked Spoon, which is my current favorite, but the Wicked Spoon is still my personal fav.  With that being said, however, everything I had here was good.  It's a bit pricy, at $40 a plate for dinner, but I feel like I got my money's worth.  Had a couple servings of medium rare prime rib, some pasta (their papardelle pasta was really good, especially with some meatballs thrown in), and a whole bunch of other stuff I can't remember off of the top of my head.  Overall, the food quality here was pretty darn good for a buffet, but I guess I was just expecting more after all of the hype.Because of timing issues, I had to come in clubbing attire, which was SUPER awkward, and there were some creepy employees working behind the counters, so fyi - don't come here decked out in clubwear!  But that's probably common sense for most folk...
2	Came here a couple of years ago, and it was pretty good.  Came back recently about a month ago, and I was verrrry disappointed.I love buffets.  I know it's not cool to admit it, but there is something about a place that has so many different kinds of food in so much abundance that appeals to me.  Some people are offended by gluttony, but I relish in it, and we are in Vegas!!  The capital of gluttony.We came for a weekday lunch buffet, and I reallly had a hard time finding anything to eat.  They didn't even have shrimp cocktails, boo.  The asian section was BAD.  Beef noodle soup was bland, fried rice was worse than when I make it drunk at 3 am, and the sushi was fishy.  The steak was tough, and pasta was dried up.  Wow, now that I think about it, maybe I should give it one star, since even the service was bad.  We had to flag down the waitress every time we needed the plates removed, and forget about refills on our water.  Dessert might have been better, but I'm not too big on sweets.For 40+ bucks, you would expect a little more from a buffet... and it might be a lot better on weekends, but if you're looking for a place to eat on a weekday, stay away!  Unless you're eating here for free since you're a high roller at Wynn, it's so not worth it.
4	I haven't been to a Vegas hotel buffet in a while, so I can't really compare Wynn's to others, but I was very satisfied with the selection and quality of the stuff they had here.Their seafood seemed to be quite popular as there was a huge line on a Saturday night for it. They had sections of Asian & Middle Eastern food, and, of course, American, and a range of meats. Another standout was their dessert section. At first I didn't notice it because it isn't located along the wall with the rest of the food. It's in its own little area opposite the food, with two sides to it, arranged like a bakery so you can see all the desserts. Some people may not care, but some of the desserts were not labeled. I like to know what I'm eating, as almost everything 'looks' good, but there have to be some people with food allergies who would care even more.For the price, sit down, relax, and stretch out your trips to the buffet/dessert line, and you'll be happy with coming here.
5	Fantastic, huge buffet.   We waited about 20min. to get in on a Saturday around 10am.Eggs, fruit, salad, Mexican fare, potato sides, etc.Many fish options- salmon, shark, etc, were a nice surprise.I didn't even touch the sushi section, but it looked good, too.Gelato for dessert, along with several bite-size cheesecakes and pastries.
2	I would have given the Wynn Buffet five stars a few years ago. My husband and I just ate here recently. I wanted to introduce him to Wynn Buffet for the first time because it was supposed to be the epitome of gluttony. After all that's why it's the most expensive buffet in town. But instead of spoiling our stomachs for lunch, I was very disappointed at how much the buffet has really gone downhill. They really cut back on their selection of entrees and dessert. The last time I ate here, my stomach wasn't big enough to devour samples of all the delicious food that they served. This time I didn't even have an appetite. Nothing stood out. Nothing was memorable. There was very little to choose. This was such a letdown because I wanted my husband to be impressed by this buffet. Needless to say it wasn't worth the price. It was just a mediocre buffet, and we don't plan on ever coming back. I wouldn't recommend it to my friends. Even one of my friends who used to love this buffet thought it sucked.
4	Beautiful French decor and a spacious dining room.  We had dinner which was $39.99 after tax.  The food is great - they have a bit of literally everything - seafood, salads, Chinese dim sum, sushi, Thai noodles, Italian, Southern, gluten-free, cheeses, soups, steaks, American, Italian, pizza, and DESSERTS!  Pretty tasty food overall but again, not over the top impressive. Great desserts - creme brulee, gelatos, madeleines, and adorable parfait-style desserts of all kinds.  Well presented and does not feel like you are eating at the trough - which many buffets tend to do.
5	The Seafood Buffet was my current favorite Vegas buffet...until I went here. Ambiance was a great part of it, just the sheer opulence going into the dining area was exceptional. Staff were helpful and polite. Roast beef med-rare was phenomenal, as was the brisket, which melt in your mouth, even after removing the fatty spots. They had Kobe-style burgers too. My only low point was the cold and less than tender lamb they served. Alaskan King crab was meaty, NY pizza authentic, as was the Oysters Rockefeller. Maybe no actual Pernod in the Oysters Rockefeller but still a delight. Sweet pineapple, dried figs, cheeses...this is a glutton's dream, I mean, an epicure's dream, like me. Gelato and other desserts were also to die for. I'll be back, soon, I hope!
4	Great buffet but be prepared to wait in a long line. Number three on the strip behind the Bellagio and Paris.
5	This review is for the breakfast buffet. I've eaten the breakfast buffet at the Wynn 6 times now and it's been great every time. Simply put -- it's the King of the Buffets in Vegas. Only $19.95 during the week...a deal that can't be beat. The quality is always at least good at a minimum and usually very good or better. The selection is huge! The service is usually excellent, which is rare for a buffet.Update: back again today for breakfast. I hit the buffet jackpot today. Everything I typically get at this buffet was hot and fresh...they literally were putting in fresh food right before I went to each item. Needless to say it was great....fresh eggs, tasty lightly crisp bacon, excellent sausage, and the little hash browns are amazing!!!! Who knew hash browns could taste this good. I read a lot of negative comments in these reviews about various restaurants, complaining about how overpriced the meals are. Well, I'm here to tell you The Buffet at the Wynn is not one of those places. Considering what I ate, it's a much better deal than my local breakfast place is. Plus it's at the Wynn, the decor is off the charts and I'm in Vegas. This gets my highest recommendation for a buffet anywhere.Buffets are what they are.  You can eat a lot of food for a good price. The compromise is there will always be some variance in quality depending on the timing of when they put down a fresh pan/bowl of food. If you arrive right after that, you've hit the jackpot. If you get to the station after the food item has been there a while and there's not much left, you're gonna find is not hot and it might be dried out a bit. Take a temporary pass and wait til they fill it up again. If you always want fresh then go to a regular place and order from the menu.
4	My most favorite buffet, ever ever. The lines move fast, excellent waiter service, and it carries a super cute look. You will definitely get your money's worth. My favorite: the crab legs. They are pre-cut for you (how cool is that?!), fresh, and are just full of crab meat... which makes me want to go back every time I visit Las Vegas :)
2	I have given this buffet a couple of chances now. Both times i have found the food and service very average by Vegas standards.  On a positive note, the buffet has a good number of choices. Peculiar to find that there was less fresh fruit on the breakfast buffet each time we have gone. Too bad, they only had friut cups, some fresh strawberries and cut up pineapple available. Fruit is usually a brakfast staple. No light offerings on the buffet ( diet) yogurts were available, and fresh toast is not something you can get on this buffet, strangely. The main problem with the buffet at anytime is that most hot choices were only lukewarm. This was noticable everytime we have gone. As well, the server told us that she could not serve us a bottle of water, it was not available? What?This buffet looks great if you like choice, however, for the price, the food could be more appetizing, hotter, and some additional thought gone into the menu. Pizza for breakfast somehow is not something you would expect. However, give it a try, your experience might be better than ours!
4	The Buffet at the Wynn used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas, but I now have a new favorite--Studio B Buffet at M Hotel & Casino.The cost of both buffets on weekends is the same $40 plus tax, and that comes out to about $43 per person.  But after having dinner at Studio B last night, having dinner tonight at the Wynn Buffet just isn't the same.I would say that the best things about this buffet is the Alaskan Crab Legs and the Prime Rib.  But after having Studio B Buffet last night, Studio B is definitely better in terms of taste and quality for both Alaskan Crab Legs, Prime Rib, and they also have oysters and unlimited beer & wine. A way better deal if you ask me, plus they have a much better selection.  But Wynn is still good and gives you a good variety of dishes to choose from.  But if you don't mind driving a few extra miles on the 15 South for Studio B Buffet at the M Hotel & Casino, it's definitely worth it.
3	Food was ok. I think I had set my expectations too high, good variety, good quality and very clean. The wait staff was off tonight. The main job was to clear the dishes and refill drinks.. I had to ask on 3 different occasions for ice tea and I only had 3 ice teas.. And I was not alone the 2 tables down from me had similar issues.. I tried it and next time I will try rio.
3	Solid 4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service. Bumps this place down to 3 stars :/We went for an early Dinner here around 5pm. The line wasn't too long, maybe about 10 people in front of us.You wait in line to pay the cashier, then wait in another line to be seated.. It took us about 45 minutes from the time of entering the first line to get seated. We we were finally at the front of the line, I felt like I had just won the lotto! I was so excited for food!! We were greeted by the drab hostess who didn't even ask us to follow her but just started walking off.. She plopped us in the seats just 20 ft away from where the line was..  It was basically a foyer where some additional seats were placed.. No view of any of the buffet area at all.. We asked if we could be placed closer to the dining area, and she said, "go wait back in line" .. EW forget it.. we will stay here.We immediately head to the buffet line and noticed there are PLENTY of tables open.. everywhere. What was with the seating hold up? 30 minutes to be seated? oh.. and the hostesses all look SO frumpy in their hideous air line stewardess want to be uniforms. They all look like they are wearing pink potato sacks.. Not flattering for any figure. Maybe that is why they are so ill tempered there. You would think a nice buffet like this would want their employees to look half decent? I guess not.Are you supposed to have a server at buffets? Or someone that at least comes to offer you coffee? refill on beverages? Well..I guess not here.. The worker that collected our overdue plates made SURE to avoid eye contact and didn't check on us at ALL. I had to flag down the boss man to ask about our drinks, and he actually went above beyond to personally being us our coffee, and pour it for us. Now THAT'S service... To the server/bus man/scary man.. Why must you mean look at us like you are planning our murder after we spoke to your boss about getting coffee.. and why do you look so familiar.. have I seen you on America's most wanted? *cold shivers* at the memory..Anyways.. the food was great, They had Veal baby back ribs, juicy tender prime rib, snow crab legs pre-cut, grilled lamb, pea risotto.. The list of yummies goes on and on... I will be back of course.. :) No scary man or moody hostess lady is gonna keep me from GOOD food!Oh yeah, There seems to be an ATT cell phone dead zone at the buffet.. If you need service, go to the soup area, LOL. Its the only place I found signal .
3	We were in town for the weekend and tried The Buffet at the Wynn (dinner).  Sorry, not a fan just A-OK.  I want to be a fan and tried very hard to find something that taste great and stood out.  The only thing that stands out are the desserts, very good and a variety to select from.  I wished the crab legs were hot, they were served cold.  The prime rib was average.  I MAY give it a second chance in the future but with so many choices in Vegas it will be a while.
3	I absolutely loved the decor and how fancy it was, but the food was just okay. Personally, I am not a fan of buffets and wanted to try this just for the experience. There wasn't anything that stood out to me except the many desserts. They were very taste-y and there was a lot of variety to them! However, the gelato could use some work. It definitely just tasted like plain old ice cream and not Italian gelato. Pretty disappointed at that. It was a great experience though and I don't regret eating here. Worth trying for the experience!*SAVING MONEY AT THE BUFFET: - If you go in before 3:00 pm, you pay the lunch price but get to stay for dinner! Pretty good deal :)
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas.  Most places have one or two things thats really good, and everything is just kinda average.  But over here, EVERYTHING was really good.  It's the priciest one out of all the hotel strip buffets, but totally worth it.  Last time, me and some buddies had champagne brunch here.  And then we kept drinking after we finished eating cause they keep the refills going until you're done.  By the time they switched out the food to dinner items, we were hungry again and had dinner there as well.
4	The buffet at the Wynn is outstanding and on par with Wicked Spoon.Large and beautiful variety of quality foods. I believe this is the only buffet that serves candied apples! As enticing as the candied apples are, they will break your teeth (they're hard as boulders). If you're looking to fill your tummy, come here!**Dress code enforced! Gentlemen are not to wear sleeveless shirts! If you do slip up, a tshirt is available for purchase for ~$13. Dress appropriately!
1	This place tastes like old country buffet.... Remember that restaurant???Carpet smells, food tastes like crap, and service sucksDon't know what the hype is all abt....If u want the best buffet in vegas, go to wicked spoon at the Cosmo!!
4	The Wynn Buffet is the best Vegas buffet I've been to, but I've only been to about 5. So I'm going to try a few more before I call it the best in Vegas. We had a great time. They sat us in the middle part of the buffet with the skylight and beautiful decor. The service was amazing, we had the best server, Theresa. My favorite foods were the prime rib, crab legs and the dessert bar. They would even grill up the crab for you if you asked. I would recommend this Vegas buffet to anyone!
3	I was at the buffet a few years ago and it was fantastic.  I remember lamb chops, baby back ribs, and white anchovies for the "made to order Caesar salad."  Maybe because my recent visit was on a weekday the selection was limited and was not what I expected.  I felt that $40 was way too high considering the men u items.  Yes the prime rib was "good" and the turkey was excellent but everything else was what I would expect from any buffet.  There was Kobe Beef....."Meatloaf???" and bland Indian food.  The 3 dim sum selections were fine as was the offering of 2 sushi items.  There were other fish selections as well as pork tenderloin, and would have rated higher, but did not think that the spread was $40 worthy.  I gave three stars because the deserts were excellent and loaded up on those.  I would have
1	Although we typically do not like buffets we tried this, thinking that since it is at the Wynn, it would be good.  The only thing that was half way decent was the pastries.  Everything else was typical dry, cold, and crappy buffet food.
5	i ate here about 7 years ago right after it first opened and have been talking about it ever since. It was like no buffet I have ever experienced. When we planned our trip to Vegas last week I insisted we go there and hyped it up pretty good to my husband, who got pretty excited for it. Then when we were in line, I had a "oh crap" moment. Did I hype it up so much that it couldn't possibly meet expectations? Do I just remember it being better than what it was? Did I put it on a pedestal it would never live up to? Well, the answers are no, no, and no. It was still awesome and we both loved it and had to restrain ourselves from eating every meal here.An added bonus from last time - Steve Wynn added vegan/vegetarian options to all his menus, and I was happy the buffet was included. I am a vegetarian and the amount of options for me were endless. Also, it made it very clear when there was meat in something that wasn't completely obvious, taking out a lot of the guess work I am faced with at places like this. And their vegan options? If I could cook like this, I would go vegan, no problem. The vegan alfredo sauce, which I tried elsewhere and hated, was better than the real alfredo sauce they had. Even my carnivorous husband was impressed. Don't worry meat eaters, there are still more than enough options for you. But usually when a veg goes to a buffet we don't get as much out of it as meat eaters - not the case at the Wynn.Also, about the price. No, it's not cheap, but I have a hard time finding anything in Vegas, at least on the strip, that is cheap. Unless you are going to the dive of dives of course. But instead of stopping at a random restaurant at a hotel and getting a bill for $75 (two people) for mediocre food, which seemed standard, I would rather pay the extra $5-10 here and eat my heart out.
5	The best buffet in Vegas. Steak is amazing~ the veal is unique, dessert has various style, I love cream caramel most.If you get in before 3:00 pm, you can enjoy the buffet with 24.99, that's good price!
5	everything bursting with flavor, crazynot as much selection as some of the other buffets but i didn't care cuz of the flavorsno tiramisu made me sad
4	I was happy to hit the famed Wynn breakfast buffet, though we got there right as they were turning over to lunch, which gave us the best of both but caused me to go into frantic "grab everything" mode as they were takin' my bacon. All of the baked goods were great, but I actually liked the morning pastries much more than the desserts. The omelet was tasty, the dim sum was good, the lunch entrees were solid. The physical space is beautiful.I only vaguely remember eating at any buffet, my judgment calls usually related to variety, freshness, and level of "not tasting like bad buffet food." In that sense, Wynn and Paris are my favorites (still need to try Wicked Spoon), and I suggest you'll be fine choosing either based on which hotel you'd like to be lumbering around in with an expanded belly afterward.
4	I'm not usually a big fan of buffets, but I have to say this one is worth going to. The buffet is clean, organized, and has ridiculous variety. They also have an extensive and very attractive display of desserts. My favorite entrees were the prime rib and salmon. I definitely got my money's worth after a couple plates and two or three ramekins of creme brulee. I took off one star because price per person is expensive and I thought the Asian section was lackluster. It was the one part of the buffet that I would say tasted like "normal" buffet food. Honestly I would avoid it altogether. I suggest to come during lunch service and stay longer into the dinner service (starts at 3pm) to be able to try different food and really stretch your dollar.
4	The Buffet at Wynn costs more  than you'd normally want to pay for a buffet, but if you're willing to pony up the cash, you'll discover exactly what you're paying for. The place features quality food, and lots of it (proving the point that you can have only ever have two of quantity, quality, and affordability, but never all three). They've got food from every region of the world, and all of it is fresh. I've never really seen a buffet with Indian food options, but there it is at The Wynn, fresh and spicy and full of flavor.They also feature a ridiculous dessert area, with fresh made Ice Creams and an endless variety of pastries, pies, and cakes. If you're willing to pay the money, The Buffet at Wynn will treat you very well.
2	I came with some high hopes based on all the pics I had seen, and for the most part, they're not lying, it's fancy here.Fancy isn't equating to choice though.Seriously, I was expecting at least double the choice here.  They artfully place baskets of bread where there should be more food.  The choice is so limited, it's crazy, except for the dessert, which is actually pretty awesome.Dessert doesn't make a meal, so only 2.5 (rounding down too) stars, and I'm not coming back.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this buffet! It's hard being a vegetarian and going to buffets because you think you're gonna be stuck at the salad bar, but this buffet offered many dishes without meat in it. There's a good variety and the drink menu wasn't too expensive either. The dessert bar was huge with a crepe and gelato station. The gelato I ate was good, BUT was not a gelato- it tasted like regular ice cream to me. I liked almost everything I ate besides one dessert and another random item I tried. Overall, a very good Vegas buffet!If you're in Vegas during the weekdays (Mon-Thurs) you'll save about $12 or so on your meal so I would recommend not going on the weekend if you can make it on a weekday.
4	One of the two buffets we always go to. There's always a great selection to choose from, and their dessert is delicious. The food is separated by things like, "Asian," "seafood," and "italian." Although they are a bit pricier than others, the quality of their food, and service is definitely worth it. Service is always hit or miss, though. Plus : they have decaf coffee, and will give you soy if you request it for your coffee!
2	I am unsure why people rate this place so high? Did you even look at the sushi selection ? there were only 4 item and none I can really call sushi. The only expensive thing here is the crab and that was it. There were plenty of dessert and none of them really make me go WOW. Chinese and fruit selection was also tiny. for a price of 52 including tax. I would rather go to the carnival buffet at Rio. I am just so disappointed what the raving is about on the food network channel.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. My boyfriend and I stopped by here hoping for a nice lunch buffet. But instead got turned away for him not having a sleeve on his shirt?!! We waited for 2 hours in line for us to tell us that? On top of that it wasn't even lunch it was brunch served at 2pm? Costing us 82$. Plus they charged us 12$ for a shirt just to cover him up. I asked a lady why is that rule enforced. She said that Mr.wynn himself was eating there and saw a guy wearing a sleeveless shirt and he was hairy?! All because he saw one guy he assumes every guy is hairy? I just thought it was completely rediculous. I took my money somewhere else.
3	The food was okay, I like how they have a huge variety of food. The desserts here are amazing. They have candied apples, cupcakes, etc... So if you have a sweet tooth, you will like the dessert section.
5	I'm not a huge fan of buffets because I can't eat that much... however after going to The Buffet at the Wynn Las Vegas, I really wish I could eat more than a plate of food so I could have tried everything out! Walking around the tables of food, there are so many different choices for brunch. They had the traditional items from a continental breakfast (bacon, eggs, eggs benedict, etc.), assorted fruits/ fruit salads, prime rib, etc. Basically anything your heart desires, it's at this buffet! The best part is absolutely saved for last. I don't even have a sweet tooth and my mouth watered at the sight of all the different cake pops, puddings and gelato at your disposal. Make sure you wear larger pants before you come in. You're gonna need the extra space. My friends and I left The Buffet very happy but needed a quick nap from the food coma.
5	Here are some things I enjoyed in this buffet - Overall Italian selection, Precut crab legs, Braised ribs w/ garlic mash, and extravagant dessert section. There is a large selection throughout the whole buffet without any repeat dishes at the other end, so make sure to check everything out!
4	The food is more sophisticated than other buffets, but it comes at a price.  It was about $40 pp on a Sunday evening which didn't come with champagne.  The crab legs were so-so and very salty, and the lamb was dry.  The side dishes were creative though.
5	I think Wynn is the best buffet in Vegas.  Clean, gorgeous attractive room, wonderful selections and plenty big!We didn't get to eat in the main room with the flowers but wow, that looked very nice.  I also like how they list their main items on a board outside before you walk in to decide if its for you.They had some really interesting items: Tandoori game hens, for one.  It really hits on all of my criteria for a good buffet: clean, fresh looking food, interesting items, variety.If you're thinking Caesar's or Bellagio for a dinner buffet, come to the Wynn.  It's worth the trip up the strip a bit!
4	I don't usually go to buffets in Vegas, there are SO MANY other gourmet options, best chefs in the world all have restaurants here. But my relatives were visiting from China, and they've only heard of Vegas buffets and insisted on trying. So, we opted for the best on the strip.The selection was pretty diverse, wasn't disappointed. Of course every buffet has some filler items, but a few things really stuck out for me: Kobe meatloaf, creamy sweet pea risotto, mint mojito cheesecake, and of course the crab legs. I love crab, but hate working at my food. Most Vegas buffets will have crab legs cracked, but you'd still have to peel at it. Wynn has the legs cut lengthwise so you can simply scoop the meat out with a fork! Awesome!
4	This place is amazing!  I have been on holidays and non-holidays and I think the holidays are much better overall.  But that is not to say that non-holidays are bad but it is excellent on holidays and above average on other days.  The pricing is rather high but it has quite a few amazing stations to choose from including the standards of beef, american, pasta, salads and deserts.  If you wanted a place to compare it to I would say that Bellagio is definitely the inspiration for this place. And they are definitely comparable.  The only downside to Wynn for me is consistency.  Again if you go on a holiday the pricing is quite high but the food quality is also much higher such as the pure prime rib that they provide during the holidays, and fresh crab legs, and other delights.  Definitely recommended if you are in Vegas and looking for something that is Bellagio level of taste and quality.
5	The best value on the strip! The Buffett at the Wynn is beautiful. The price is low compared to other 5 star properties on the strip, with breakfast just $19.99 per person. Anything you want, they have it. Want pizza for breakfast? Got it. Want a shrimp cocktail or sushi? Got it. Truly decadent and its all delicious. Its a staple
5	Amazing eats.  So much choice its hard.  particularly loved the honey bacon (carved then and there), the euro meat selection, and the marshmallow cake pops.  Totally worth the dollars (and the lbs!!)
4	I am going to have to update my rating for the Buffet at Wynn.  As I have made my circuit to various other buffets I came to the realization that quality has dropped almost EVERYWHERE.  So Wynn still offers one of the top selections and quality, considering. They still have the best dessert bar of any of the other buffets in town.
4	We were in Las Vegas for only 2 evenings so we decided on 1 dinner buffet. Years ago we came to the Bellagio for their dinner buffet and really, I mean really, enjoyed it. It was by far the best buffet that we'd been to. We were staying at Circus Circus and headed down the strip with desires of mounds of crab, shrimp, and other sea going morsels. My wife had visions of beef! We got to "The Buffet" and there wasn't much of a line at about 6 pm. I have to admit I got a little worried as some of the reviews were not so positive. But let me say, once in and away I went. Sampling just about everything (except the usual filler products such as salads and mashed potatoes) The hit was the Alaskan snow crab legs! Piles and piles of them. They will steam them if you wish but I prefer mine cold. The seafood selections were fabulous. The beef selections were just as great. Great flavored prime rib, Kobe beef, etc. Finishing it all off with fine selections of desserts. We've cut down lately on our intake. We usually try to split a meal but this was an all out shove as much as you can down the throat evening! We left wondering if we would ever desire to eat again. But alas, by the time breakfast arrived we were hungry for more! Now on to a breakfast buffet!
2	Too expensive. Food is alright. I rather go to Aria buffet. Aria is lot better than here.
5	Take it from a fat guy, this place is awesome! Shrimp, Crab legs, sushi, asian dishes, pastas, salads, all were great. The Dessert bar had literally everything. My partners and I took a picture of the what we had gotten and put it on FB. Had comments about wow, that dessert cart looks awesome and had to explain no, thats what we had.
5	At the Wynn buffet you get what you pay for. It's more expensive than other buffets but it's so worth it. I've tried 6 Las Vegas buffet and this is by far the best in my opinion. There is a wide variety of delicious, carefully prepared meals for all tastes including vegetarians and vegans. This is the only buffet I've been to, including several cruises, where I've seen so many delicious options for vegans including made on the spot pastas. There are several dishes they can prepare on the spot for you. Not to mention the dessert section which is one room especially dedicated for really succulent sweets that include gelatto and crepes.All these deliciousness is set in a gorgeous room very nicely decorated with beautiful flower arrangements and pastel colors.Service was excellent. Highly recommend this buffet, if you're in Las Vegas this is a must!
2	This buffet has seen better days. No longer does the Friday/Saturday dinner buffet feature Alaskan King Crab legs. Instead, they serve the cheaper and less flavorful snow crab. Most other food stations were decent. However, the sushi area was really sad, and the Prime Rib was nowhere near as good as I remembered. Nothing I tried really stood out in taste; so I never went back for seconds of anything. Overall, just a very expensive and underwhelming experience.As for the positive, the wait was short and the buffet is still very clean. I recommend the Bacchanal Buffet at Ceasar's Palace. This buffet is the new undisputed king in town. The Ingredients are of high quality and everything tastes really good. Bacchanal, just like the Wynn Buffet, is also very clean. The line at Bacchanal may be long but stick it out. It will be well worth the wait. Another option would be Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo, however I've only been there for brunch not dinner.
2	Not understanding the hype about this place. Granted we were seated around 9 PM, but all the desserts and cheeses were dry and stale. The lamb was extremely tough and cutting through it was virtually impossible. The crust on the fried chicken was far below par.  Red Snapper was extremely fishy. They do offer a good assortment of vegan options but the exorbitant amount of oil used made it unappetizing. I did enjoy the cranberry sauce though. Baba ghanoush was so bland. Bacchanal's was far, far superior. Service was very slow as well. Like others have said, very underwhelming. Go to Bacchanal instead. Also, the interior reminds me of Disneyland for some reason...it's disturbingly tacky. Which is quite surprising considering that the flower gardens in the Wynn are gorgeous.
5	There really is no other good buffet place I found on the Vegas Strip before going to the Wynn. Their dinner buffet was phenomenal!!! I went with a group and it was astounding. The crab legs were already cut in half so it was easy to scoop the meat out. The Prime Rib was very juicy and very good. My friend said it was the best prime rib he's had. And of course the desserts ;)     They had candied apple, chocolates, cookies, cakes, you name it. Definitely if I go back to Vegas I'm stopping here again. So worth the price per person!
5	Great looking buffet at the Wynn with all the art pieces around the tables and the sun roof above some of the dining tables was stunning. I'll admit the food options was fantastic asking with my favorite king crab legs and medium sized cocktail shrimp but the Bellagio Buffet and the Bachannel Buffet at Caesars were much better. The surroundings was great to look at while eating with the fresh flowers and art but they just didn't have enough of a selection compared to the previous buffets mentioned but the dessert section had a great selection.
1	I was so looking forward to eating here after the high reviews.  I was more than disappointed.  I came Friday at lunch, waited in line for 30 minutes, which is fine, I expected a wait.  The line moved along nicely.The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.But the food was mediocre at best.  I can honestly say that there was not one single dish that had any wow factor.  I expected more seafood options, based on the pictures posted on the Yelp review.  However there was not much at all.To be honest, this was comparable to eating at Golden Corral.  A $25 Golden Corral meal at that.Should have tried the new buffet at Ceasers!
3	A solid choice buffet, quite good overall with very nice ambiance. Fair amount of variety, some items were really good some were so-so (as is normal in a buffet). In our minds, the flank-steak, pork, mashed potatoes, pulled pork with close slaw, mini-cup cakes and gelato stood out as quite good, with the flank steak, acc'd to my husband, being really good. The pizza was so-so and the cheese cakes weren't to our liking (tasted a bit artificial and processed). The selection is large but not very much so.The seating environment is very nice (no casino view or sounds intruding here - as is standard in a modern Vegas resort) with an elegant decor, color palette, and plush, large chairs. A problem with the garden area is that the sun can hit at a quite uncomfortable angle (although we were impressed by the 19th century-style garden-room decor) and I  had to put my bag on the floor because it was a "fire hazard" to have a third chair with my and my husband's bags on it - I don't fancy having my bag on the floor with germs (which are there even if the carpet is spotless as it was here). In sum, very nice decor and ambiance and good food with a few opportunities for improvement.
5	I told the server I am a vegetarian and she immediately introduced me to Steven (the chef). Steven took his time showing me and my other half around the entire buffet, calling out all of the vegetarian and vegan choices, noting his personal favorites, and giving us tips and tricks for how to best attack the buffet. AMAZING. I have never gotten service like that ANYWHERE.The veggie options are plentiful, including lentils, maple squash with almonds and cherries, 4 fabulous salads, polenta cakes, pasta and pizza (obviously), tomato bisque, an Asian stir fry, I could go on and on and on.Five stars for making a vegetarian feel loved in a land where crab legs typically reign supreme. I don't remember the buffet being this veggie friendly 2 years ago, but I believe that was right around when Steve Wynn went vegan, so maybe the appropriate menu expansion hadn't been completed yet.
5	I came here and spent $40 (!) on dinner here, and you know what? It was worth every penny, if not for the desserts alone. Food was amazing (laser-cut crab legs!), and there was a very wide range of cuisines. Definitely would come again, but for lunch when it's (hopefully) cheaper.
4	I've been to buffets at other casinos, but this is the best by far! Lots of fresh seafood, great carving stations, however I was not a fan of the way the prime rib was seasoned, and great desserts!
4	THE buffet at the Wynn is ok but not what I was expecting from the nicest hotel in Las Vegas. Deserts were nice but the selection was probably a 7 out of 10.  I love The Wynn but I'll personally try another restraunt next time.
4	One of my favourite parts of any buffet is the standard salad bar. I could eat from a salad bar every day for the rest of my life. This buffet does NOT have that salad bar... but that's OK. What this buffet does have is TONS of fresh seafood, like crab legs, peel & eat shrimp, a variety of sushi and quite a few fish dishes. There are stations of different cuisines, so you've got fresh Asian foods, make-you-own pasta dishes, pizzas, Mediterranean foods like lamb, hummus, olives, and tzatziki. Deli meats and cheeses so you could make a sandwich if you wanted. There are some salads, but they're of the strict-recipe type, like Caesar salad, and a few choices with a mesclun mix and some tomatoes. The beet salad was very good and I loved the couscous salad. Some of the stations are meant to be staffed, but they were frequently unmanned, so you just couldn't have whatever that dish was. I never saw an empty dish, but I wished they could have just pushed the tongs over to the patron's side so I could pick up my own piece of pre-cut meat or poultry instead of going without.I had my small service dog with me and he was such a hit! Some of the cooks came out of the kitchen to greet him and give him a bite to eat and almost all the waitstaff at least said hi to him. He was a happy puppy. :)There was a little station with small foods in a glass, like a greek salad and a gazpacho soup. ThereI didn't even partake of the extensive dessert station (I don't really like sugar anyway) but it would please anyone. There was every type of dessert you could imagine; ice creams, custards, cakes, pies, tarts, fruit, etc. It was an entire extra room full of sugar. I'm probably forgetting lots of the other things they had. It was definitely not your typical average buffet. I don't know that'd I'd spend the money to go here again, but it was very good quality.
1	Did I miss something? Was I not supposed to go to their lunch buffet? Because it was horrible. I was looking forward to trying the Wynn buffet ever since hearing about its rave reviews. Unfortunately it did not hold up to our expectations. Yes, it's a very cute and dainty place with its colorful fruit and flower decor. It's well lit and kept clean. The lunch variety was lacking and composed mostly of starches (pizza, pastas, stir fry). I was extremely disappointed. The only thing I thought was good was the noodle soup made to order and their gelato bar. For the money we paid, I was expecting some shrimp cocktail or ceviche. There was none. A bigger issue we came across was the fried chicken. It was inedible. It had no flavor and there was something off with the meat, like a bad after taste. We left unsatisfied and rarely do I ever feel unsatisfied from a buffet in Vegas, because at the end, the dessert bar makes up for it. Unfortunately, their dessert bar was sad as well. Boooooo.
4	IMO best buffet in Vegas so far.  Wynn is slightly better than Wicken Spoon, which is slightly better than Bellagio.Pros:Large selection, esp. for carbs; breads, pastas, pizzas galoreOther stations include Mediterranean (with hummus, baba ghanoush); Italian (pizzas, veggie calzones, pastas/ pasta station); American (prime rib, corn on the cob, cauliflower, candied butternut squash, mashed potatoes); Seafood (king crab legs galore); charcuterie with dried figs and tampenades; Asian (dim sum, noodles, sushi, Japanese salads)Huge dessert section, including cheesecakes, gelato, mousses,  Friendly serviceHighlights: Profiteroles, yum!Clearly marked vegetarian and vegan offerings; larger selection of meat-free food than other buffetsDelectable salads, esp the heirloom tomato and fresh mozzMost fresh buffet food so farPrime ribCons:Mediocre Asian food section: dim sum = steamed cha shiu bao, vegetarian egg rolls, a bit too much like Chinese take-outCrepes: very soggy and weird chocolate flavor. Ew.No sugar added desserts- good to offer, but very poor on tasteA definite bonus was that I did not feel incredibly sick afterwards, as I had after the last two buffets I patronized!Would definitely come back when I"m ready to gain another pant size and spend $48 on food for the day!
5	Best food we had on the strip! And plenty of gluten free and vegetarian options. Great desserts, but honestly, the crabs were just so-so -- served cold and cut in half. But the rest of the buffet was amazing. California rolls with real crab, roasted butternut squash with dried cherries and almonds, and the chef made me a Chicken Scallopini fresh, so I could enjoy it gluten free. Definitely worth the price ($40).
4	I was entertaining my friend from Japan and we came here specifically to sit in the garden and enjoy our buffet in the Alice in Wonderland like surroundings. It's a fantastic place for photos. If it wasn't so cute I would have probably chosen the buffet at the Cosmo because the food there looked like more foodie deliciousness but the ambiance added a lot to our experience here.We had timed it perfectly arrived around 10:30 and were there for the tail end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch for the breakfast prices. Unexpectedly awesome! So that meant we ate twice as much because there were twice as many things to try.  Ugggh we were such fattty's we didn't leave till 2 lol then we had to stroll down to the pool and nap it off. Highlights for me were the smoked salmon, the fruit soups for breakfast, the pea risotto, and the steak they had at lunch. My friend had eaten at the red rocks buffet earlier in the week and she said they didn't have steak on their buffet and she was there for dinner. Gasp! She enjoyed the red meat and the numerous pre-made salads in the cute little serving cups. We both liked the cream puffs and I couldn't get enough of the creme anglais. I could just drink that straight out of the container it's so delicious and many people don't use it because they don't know what it is. What a shame. Satisfying buffet. You do have to wait a bit if you want to sit in the garden area but I'd say it's worth the wait. Our server cleaned away our plates but he made sure I saw him clean it every single time. He would come over and chit chat with us before taking away our old plates which I think was nice.
4	Great food. Huge lines. Reserve a table if going for the weekend brunch. Food was very good, not excellent, but really good and a lot of variety. Service was good as well, not to mention the decor was really good too. Highly recommended.
5	Best prime rib and incredible desserts. Of all the Vegas Buffets this is my favorite.  A bit pricey compared to the old days but the food quality is soooo much better than a typical buffet.
3	I never eat buffet, it's very unlikely that I wait in line for a meal, but the hubby wanted to try it at the Wynn, he has asked me many times to give it a try when there was no line. He was lucky that there was no wait at all that day, we just walked in, paid and got seated within 10 minutes, otherwise, we would go to a regular restaurant in stead.I ordered a Sierra Nevada, and a Bloody Mary before I went to get some food. This place is huge, I am very bad at directions, I couldn't remember and find my seat, our waiter had to come to get me. That's another reason I don't do buffet in Vegas, I get lost....I liked the cold appetizers, lots of varieties, lots of vegan dishes, shellfish was good too. Seafood dishes were delicious, I tried a few, they were all good. They had sushi, Chinese stir fried noodles, yummy soups, bread, I really liked the pizza, cheese and veggie ones were so good, I couldn't stop eating them. The food was delicious with lots of verieties, but I don't think I needed all that, carving stations were the best, the thing is I don't eat meat, so I missed out the best part, hubby was so happy with prime rib... Yuk... I just kept eating mixed olives and pizza, sipping on my Bloody Mary... For $35 a person, plus beer and Bloody Mary, our waiter didn't put my Bloody Mary in there, of course we had to give him a $20 tip for that, so we didn't really save any money, still around $90, it's a casual lunch or brunch value for us in Vegas. But I don't need to walk so much to get food and get lost at a regular restaurant!Passed desert section, I didn't even try to go there to get some deserts, cause I was really tired and grumpy from the walking and getting food... Hubby got me something, chocolate mousse, cheese cake, they were yummy. I told hubby, no more buffet! Next time you want it, you go drive to a lunch buffet by yourself, I am just gonna stay in my comfy bed and order room service. :)Ps. Don't get me wrong, if you are a buffet lover, this is really a great choice! Just not my thing to do in Vegas....;p
4	Their food is good. Not a fan of buffets but this one has a really nice salad bar, something that many buffets often neglect. I've been here once earlier this year and I still dream and cry for their Yorkshire pudding. Yorkshire pudding is a savory roll/souffle normally eaten with prime rib and damn you Wynn for setting the standard so high. I have searched at other places with Yorkshire pudding but that search is in vain. Every other Yorkshire pudding I've had has been disgustingly dry and burnt. I look forward to going to Vegas again just to pay $35 for those little soft rolls of delight. Until then, I can only gaze at my phone's wallpaper of Yorkshire pudding and dream with yearn and loneliness, separated from my one love.If anyone knows of a place in SoCal with comparable Yorkshire pudding, please let me know! I grow weary of this long-distance relationship.
4	My parents took me here for my 19th birthday. I'm still grateful. We're tight on budget, but they still gave me an amazing 19th birthday. Then buffet for dinner? This place was good. I liked that they had different cuisine's at this place. Very clean and polite servers. I don't regret and would highly recommend to anyone that wants to eat a buffet to go here for dinner! :)
3	Went on a Wednesday night, and maybe that was the issue?  The food was just okay.  It seems like they were holding people back just to make the appearance of a line, which was kind of annoying.  With only half the place filled there is not reason for a line!  Crab legs were delicious as always.  The Asian side was prolly the best.  The prime rib was good...but less than room temperature.  The seafood selection was just okay.  I was also not that impressed with the desserts here.  The service was excellent though and they always took my plates right away.  The price is also reasonable and better than several other comparable buffets (bellagio, wicked spoon).
4	We went to this buffet after a long night out in Vegas...go figure! We were told the regular line was a 45 min to one hour wait. Whoa. No thanks. BUT - the VIP line was nothing - and was an additional small fee which included an adult brunch beverage. Our stomachs could not last an additional hour so we went right in and got our mimosas. The buffet did the trick - offered up a lot of selections - I am wondering how it would have differed at lunch. Brunch is kind of a weird time to gauge the overall quality of a buffet. I can say that I was a little disappointed in their salad section - but that could be different at lunch time? And they did run out of salmon at one point....after I took the last two pieces. Whoops. I always love a build your own omelet bar. Never fails to make me happy. Desserts were great - loved the gelato selection - although by the time we got to dessert I was totally full. Where were the crab legs? Could have used some of those!!!!
4	I'm so sad that I had to take away 1 star because this place gave me the runs!!! Besides that, everything were so good! I enjoyed their poke, crabs, KOBE beef (1 bite from my Hubby), and dessert!Was it worth the wait and the price? Not really because I only had 2 crab legs and 1 and half plate of food. I ate about $15 worth of food.
4	Top quality as far as buffetts go and top dollar. Huge selection if you can't find anything to eat then should find a Nathans Hot Dog stand because the only food not offered is hot dogs.
5	HONESTLY the BEST BUFFET I have ever been to! Ate at the Carnival World Buffet on Monday and thought that was good, but boy was I mistaken.I ate for 2 hours .. never got sick! I had to get my money's worth .. and it was worth playing at the Encore and Wynn to earn a free buffet. I would pay full price any day!PROS:-variety-fresh seafood-beautiful decor and atmosphere-attentive staff-clean facility -hot food-desserts that will make you cry! -dinner starts at 3:30pm - so you can start early-can get 2 free if you play on your redcard and get 750 points. It is not that hard to do, did it in an afternoon just playing slots. You will not break the bank, you were already planning on gambling right?CONS:-I would say price, but it is totally worth itI ate 3 full plates of pre-cut crab legs. My husband ate things he had never had before like Veal and exotic meats and fish. This was a great experience!
4	The prettiest buffet setting you could ever fathom.- (not including the Raffles Hotel in Singapore)... ok not comparable..   There were several chef stations, the ingredients were all fresh and the cleanliness was impeccable,  dessert area is awesome! I wish they had more selection of Breads... and they had bagels and no toaster or cream cheese next to them!
3	Unfortunately we stopped at the Wynn Buffet over the Thanksgiving weekend when the upped the prices by adding a few items to their OK selection.Food was good. Quality was good, but the Bellagio buffet is much better. I don't plan on returning to the Wynn Buffer.
3	Beautiful dinning room, delicious desserts.
5	THE BEST BUFFETT IN VEGAS. 5 star BUFFETT, 5 STAR QUALITY, even 5 star rice!I've been to vegas 5 times in the last 3 years and I do go to wynn at least 2 times per visit! sometimes me and my bf want to take a day trip just to eat there!! hahaHeres a few tips (get arnold ice tea)-Sushi! I love how they put real crab in their california roll.  I actually see them picking the crab meat out of the  crab.  Also get the spicy salmon handroll.-prime rib!! or any of their meats that they offer! make sure to get creamy horseradishtry everything!! they have a huge selection!Desserts!!!!Creme brulee is the BEST I tried in my lifetime!!!Everything is good.. If you want to cheat the system and pay less you can do this. I am not a scammer, but one time me and my bf ate during breakfast around 10:30. breakfast food is good!!! but of course you at least stay there for an hour....then the LUNCH food comes and you are still there!! and you paid BREAKFAST price.. I think you can save 10$/person so 20/couple.
3	As you walk in, all you notice is the amazing decor.  It's simply beautiful!As far as the food goes, it's standard and nothing special.  I tried little of everything and nothing stood out as great.The dessert section was boring.  Out of the 4 little mini desserts I got, only one was good.  The rest were dried on top and tasted funny.I wish I hadn't tipped the waiter ahead of time.  He was rude and plates were sitting on our table till we were almost ready to leave.  I could understand if they were busy.  In this case, it was mid week and most of the tables were empty.Impressed by the decor but not with the food.  Next time I feel like coming to a buffet in Vegas, I'm going to Bellagio!
4	There was many vegan options but I wish it was more tasty!Im a meat eater and my friend was vegan. The Chef personally showed us what was Vegan and what they can make for us.Like:Pizza, We only wanted one slice from that big pizza so it seemed kinda a waste so we took 2 each. I was walking around and found few more people that were vegan so I didnt feel too bad after that.  My first vegan pizza was just alright. It had so much veggies on it so i had to take all the bell peppers off. Also vegan cheese for the first time... it was very different and ... slimy =/ but it was good. My Vegan friend didnt like the cheese or the pizza. it was just alright.The next personalized food was the soup. They gave us tomato soup. I thought it was just okay too... bland and my friend doesnt even like tomato soup! HAHAHA.So since i was the meat eater I just had to try a little bit of everything haha! well i felt bad after cuz i got so much just to try and it was thrown away after one bite =(at least the piggy will be well fed lol. Some food was good and some were dry =( Dessert was alright too, the hard candy apple was soft in the middle (not crispy) so ew. The only i liked was the mango sorbet! :D I had to get one 2 go. and also they make Sorbet cookie sandwich!
3	Such high hopes based on the reviews and amount of ratings, but was greatly disappointed. TWO dinner buffets were $85. When we walked in, the buffet looked huge, but once you actually go to the counter and look at the selection it's actually very limited. They have your usual fillers like bread before each station to break up the buffet counters to make it look like there's more selection. There were a couple of fancy sounding dishes that were less than mediocre. Overall, selection was limited for the price you pay. The best thing  there seriously is the PRIME RIB and while the dessert showcase seems impressive initially--once you taste it, it's actually pretty bad. I had a mint chocolate cupcake that tasted like it was iced with toothpaste. Pros: 1) Prime rib2) Crepe station3) Crab legs and shrimpCons:1) Lots of fillers (bread)2) Fancy dishes that are flavorless (vegan beans, lobster ravioli, etc)3) DESSERTS SUCK.Going to try the Caesar's buffet because I heard it was better.
3	$39 for dinner.Ok starting off with knowing how much it was to get in, I had similar expectations of the food.  I thought the food was alright.  They had big ingredients like "wagyu" and "truffle sauce" but what's the point of expensive ingredients if it doesn't taste that great?I did enjoy risotto and lamb tbone they had.  Also their deserts were better than the dinner overall I thought.
4	This was probably the best buffet i've ever had but im not a buffet person so take that with a grain of salt. At $50-ish per person, it isn't cheap but it came comped with my room so that made it a no brainer.They've got the typical variety of food but it was all largely very good quality stuff. Where as at a typical buffet you might have a salad bar - a Cesar salad and some other run of the mill salad with a bunch of vegetable bins -  here you have your choice of quinoa salads, beet salads, asian chicken salad, etc. Basically its a buffet but the dishes are things you might order at a higher end restaurant so it isn't just higher quality ingredients.The crab legs line was out of control, people were loading their plates up to the top with crab legs and then holding the mountain down with the other hand to prevent the legs from flying off. Kind of hilarious..i mean...you can come back for more sooo whats the deal...? The dessert station is pretty sweet. Lots of little shooters and little cakes so you can try a dozen different ones without feeling like a fat turd after wards. They were mostly very good too!The sushi/sashimi was the only bummer. I don't even remember seeing any sashimi and the rolls were strangely tiny with a tiny bit of fish in there. I ended up skipping it and you should too. No point in filling up on a roll of rice and seaweed.Overall I wouldnt mind coming back here.
3	I wasn't really happy and  impress with the buffet at The Buffet. May be I came here with high expectation. The foods seem uninspiring, cold and tasteless. Great fresh ingredients but no flavors. The snow crab legs still a bit cold inside. it would be nicer if they put it in the steamer a bit. The service was so so, I got more attention from the old lady busting the table then from my waiter.
5	I can really say I was unbiased about this buffet since I wasn't all that hungry when I came.Trick: come at the end of brunch, so you pay for brunch prices but get to taste both brunch and dinner food!Everything I got was pretty delicious/decent. The prime rib was ok but the king crab legs were REALLY good. The creme brulee is to die for (which is saying alot from me because I am a chocolate person)
5	CFC here with another food review. :-) So let's talk about the Wynn. When you walk into a place that looks like something Master P would find a bit "over the top"... you can't expect the price for the buffet to be the same as Circus Circus. The dinner buffet is going to cost you about $40 bucks, without tip. I actually expected it to be more. The menu items tell you right away where the money goes. Prime rib, game hen, quail, corn flake fried chicken, seafood, pasta... and the list goes on and on. They have Asian, American, Italian food and I'm probably missing a few with that list. Also, I'm not a dessert person, but they have one of the better cheese cakes I've ever tasted. I would also give an honorable mention to the carrot cake. I'm not the kind of person who goes out for an evening and eats quail or game hen. So the Buffet at the Wynn was a new experience for me. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at the level of service, the food and the attention to detail. It lived up to it's reputation as the best Buffet in Las Vegas.
4	This was my very first Vegas buffet and I honestly had no idea what to expect. Lets just say I was very impressed! After speaking with lots of Vegas folk, it would seem I made the right choice with Wynn. There was not much to be disappointed in. At around $50 per person (included unlimited mimosas and champagne - cheaper otherwise), I basically pigged out for about 2 hours on a large range of food - anything from sushi (average) to pizza (yum) to slabs of meat (wow!) to breakfast foods (amazing) to veggie / vegan options (so cool!) etc. I cant even remember everything I ate. It was so much. And every time I finished a mimosa our waitress was refilling my glass. I think I had 9 in under 2 hours. Hows that for a bargain? Lets talk dessert. After stuffing my face I remembered I hadn't even looked at the desserts yet - to which an entire room is dedicated! gelato, cakes, cookies, cupcakes, chocolate treats, it went on and on. The only reason I gave it 4 stars vs 5 stars is that once in a while a food item (sushi for example) tasted just average. Not everything was perfect and even tho they had a big selection I wished there was just a little more variety.Will I return? Absolutely. It will be a Vegas staple for me from now on. Not to mention you get to walk through the GORGEOUS Wynn Hotel. By far the most beautiful on the strip.
4	Beautiful buffet.  The restaurant looked so pretty to the eyes and the food stations were set up very classy.  We went for Sunday brunch and  it was a score!PROS:The prime rib was delicious.  They had different types of homestyle and fancy cooked vegetables.  Their thin pizzas were excellent, they had special toppings on a few.  Scrambled eggs were good, not runny. Bacon was thin and crispy.  Omelets were a perfect 1 person size.  They had a red velvet pancake station made to order!  Best highlight was that they had Mabo tofu and XO greenbeans w/ fried tofu in their chinese section!  AND it tasted Wonderful!  Their Caesar salad was one of the best I've tasted anywhere, the dressing was very anchovy flavored.  Dips and spreads for your breads, crostinis and crackers, cheeses and meats.  There's much more.The desserts were VERY good.  And the presentation was perfect.  Waiters were all very pleasant and went the extra mile.CONS:Their sushi section and Italian section needs ALOT of work.  Sushi selection was very limited and whatever was out was old and crummy looking.  There were only 3 Italian dishes, all three were boring.  They also only had crab legs and cooked cold shrimp.  I expected a little more variety for the big price that was paid before entering, but maybe that's what they normally serve for brunch?Although the Aria buffet was just as delicious but smaller, I would definitely go again to the Wynn, can't wait!  Going back this weekend to Vegas, so we'll see if this will be the destination or if it will be the wonderful Aria buffet......
4	My first time trying the Buffet at Wynn for dinner and it's not shabby at all! First of all I love the setting, it was beautiful! Not too busy either since it was a Thursday evening. And for the price of $35...they had a lot of good dishes, especially must try is the Prime Rib. I really like the setting of this buffet, everything looks so organized, spacious and clean. They had a good variety of foods however I didn't think the sushi station was all that great....I would say they have a lot of more meat dishes than anything else...but if you're a meat lover, like myself, it's perfect. The dessert section was interesting...they had no sugar added pies and cakes which is nice for those that can't eat very sweet stuff but they also had mini candy apples! I didn't try one but they looked really good...they also had chocolate lollipops and my favorite creme brulee. Overall I would love to come back to this buffet, couldn't complain about fair price and good quality and much variety!
4	Had lunch on on 12/17. Probably the fourth or fifth time over past 5 years I've visited and the food here is consistently good quality. Now it is a buffet so don't expect a five star experience, but there are definitely more hits than misses, and if you are staying in the area (Wynn and sister Encore are at one end of the Strip), it's worth a stop,
3	The price is on the high side and they charge for kids (at a discount) as soon as they are 3 or older. The wait can also easily be an hour or more. We had Wynn buffet and Rio Carnival World buffet on our last trip. To me Rio win over Wynn on every front - better value, wider selection and better services. Both places have limited selection on seafood with hardly any sashimi and only basic rolls. Wynn can come out a winner for meat and desserts lovers, but it has limited choices on vegetables so it was a big negative for me.  Lastly, I had to ask for refill or clean up dirty dishes after first round at Wynn. At Rio the drink was filled most of the time and dirty dishes got removed after reasonable amount of time.
4	Went here with a bunch of my co-workers on a random trip to Vegas. We figured going to an AYCE buffet instead of a regular sit-down would be easier to go to with a large group. I've always wanted to try the Buffet here at the Wynn from word of mouth. For a Saturday night (7pm), we were seated fairly quickly. There are many different types of food here, from crab legs to prime rib. Their meats are great. They didn't have much of a sushi selection though and no sashimi. The other items I tried were good too. Dessert is great too, but I only a few samples because I was already too full. However, even though it was good, I didn't feel it was the best buffet I've been to in Vegas. I've gone to a few that are just as good, but are cheaper as well. I'm glad I got to try it, but I probably won't make it back here in favor of the other Vegas AYCE buffets.
3	This review is short and sweet, unlike my meal at the Wynn, which was as long and drawn out as I could make it, since I wanted to get my AYCE eat money's worth :)I'm afraid I came to the Wynn with overly high expectations, after looking through several hundred of the lovely photos of beautifully presented food that people have posted on Yelp.There was indeed a lot of food.  All beautifully presented!  A few things were great.  A few things were not very good.  But most of it was pretty mediocre -- all style and splash and no substance (much like most of Las Vegas, actually.)  The desserts in particular were disappointing. They were plentiful, and they looked beautiful, but only one or two were really any good.As others have said: DEFINITELY arrive in time for the end of lunch/beginning of dinner transition. You pay the lunch price and get the dinner food (such as King Crab legs) too!A tip: while you're there, sign up for a player's card at the Wynn. You get some free play ($10, I think), and the free cocktails that the roaming waitresses serve are actually *really* good, if you are lucky enough to get one. (Don't forget to tip your waitress well!)
3	Lunchtime!Pros: Quick + attentive service, large variety of choices of protein and veges, beautiful and tasty dessertsCons: For the price and all the hubbub I've heard about this buffet, I suppose my expectations were raised but the quality of the food was so so in my opinion. It's better than the bellagio buffet, but still lacks the daintiness/decor/ and even quality in comparison to other places like wicked spoon.I'd come back if in the area though !
1	REVIEW NOT BASED ON DINING EXPERIENCE:This is just a review to say the line to get into this place is ridiculous! We waited hours with no table for lunch service and ended up leaving!They need to get pagers if people are going to wait that long! Was so dissapointed because we really heard great things about their food.
3	We had this buffet xmas eve and xmas day.  We arrived at 4:30pm on xmas eve and it was already a 1.5hr wait.  I wasn't feeling so great and I didn't feel like waiting in line, so we paid an extra 15.00 a person to skip the line.  That also came with a drink  ( which we never got, never offered to us), and a 10% off the following day.   We still had to wait for 15 min to get seated after we paid.  I was expecting something more elaborate for a 50.00 price tag.  The sushi and sashimi stations were lacking.  The cold crabs legs were very salt soaked and mushy.  The best things were the grilled meats although the turkey sausage was horrible.  So dry.  The fried turkey was great as where the mashed and sweet potatoes.  The breads were nothing to write home about.  The desserts were terrible.  The cookies were tasteless.  The best dessert was the gelato.  I seriously was not impressed by the desert at all.  The madelaains were heavy and dense.  So were some of the cakes. We had some breakfast type foods on Xmas day and we didn't have to wait in line at all.  There is just nothing that really stands out as being fabulous on either day.  Sorry, I still like Bellagios a lot more.
5	What a spread!  This was my first buffet in Las Vegas and it did not dissapoint.  I was startled by the price (over $40) but upon seeing all the food I can understand why.  Salad, soup, pizza, deli cuts, meatloaf, sausage, sushi, crab legs and pasta.  All you could want to eat in one place... the glory of buffets.  I loved the kobe meatloaf and wagyu ravioli.  The pizza was good (nothing spectacular) but what was really nice was the dessert room (yes a room for dessert).  Our wait staff was very friendly (they gave us females in the group a cd of Wynn music) and the furnishings in the area were lovely.
5	WOW!  I mean WOW!  Entered the line at the end of the brunch/lunch menu so when we got to our seconds they were placing out dinner!  FOR THE LUNCH PRICE!!!! Excellent savings.Service is as amazing as everything else in the Wynn/Encore.  Beautiful floral and fauna everywhere inside.The food was amazing!  So many choices.My favorites were: King Crab legs with clarified butter, Prime Rib, Fried Chicken, Freshly tossed Caesar Salad....who am I kidding, everything was so frickin delicious!We sat right by the dessert windows.  I tore that up!!  Gelato - coffee & mango =wow yummy!  Candied apples - never been a fan, but these are really good.  Cheesecake was so creamy.  Creme brulee with the hard shell was amazing!   Can't wait to go back.  So worth it!
3	The food was just ok and not too many choices.  I think this place is overated.  However the enviroment is really nice.   I prefer the buffet at Ceasars Palace more than this one.
5	The Buffet at Wynn never disappoints. While I've never been here for dinner, the brunch offers an experience you will never forget. While there is always a line, sometimes there's an opportunity for the VIP package, which is just a $12 premium and you get a free drink (champagne, mimosa, or sangria).The food is delicious. With fresh fruits, seafood, world flavors, omelette bar, pasta station, salad, cereal, and carving station, you're bound to find something that tickles your fancy. And let's not forget the amazing dessert bar, with baked goods as far as the eye can see!
3	I wanted to go to the new Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's, but ended up here because I earned two free buffets on my player's card. Free is awesome! Especially because they had special holiday pricing and it was nearly $50/person!You will like this place if you love meat. They have so many carving stations with everything from sausage, turkey, venison, prime rib, leg of lamb, lamb chops and salmon. And that's in addition to the crab legs, kobe meatloaf, fried chicken, sea bass and dozen other carnivorous dishes that are already set out. Even my brussels sprouts had huge chunks of bacon! I made a beeline for the prime rib and it was delicious. I was tempted to go back for more, but  I decided I should try other things. I had a few crab legs because I felt obligated to, but I realized that I was really only eating the crab as a vehicle for consuming butter. The big disappointment though were the desserts. The dessert section is huge, but there really isn't a big variety. They have a crepe station (often unmanned) and ice cream, plus your usual suspects, creme brulee, cheesecake, etc. I much prefer the desserts at Studio B at the M. Service was just ok. Our dishes were cleared away quickly, but I had to hunt someone down to get drink refills.Overall, the quality of the food is great, but I don't think I was able to eat my moneys worth. Definitely still interested in trying out the Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon, but could I possibly be getting too old for buffets??
2	Not worth the money at all! I was so excited to eat right before Christmas but this buffet is very disappointing! Not that many food choices. Plenty of other buffets in Vegas that are much better than this one.
5	I love the buffet at the Wynn! OMG i've had the buffet at Bellagio, monte carlo paris and etc.  None of them can beat the Wynn's buffet. It was amazing.  I know trust me usually food at the buffet is all about quality and no quantity, but here at the Wynn it was delicious.  Every food item was made with care and love.  You can see it. Everything tasted perfect.  I wish i can come back soon!
4	Great buffet, fresh seafood. The line wasn't that long. Overall great experience.
4	I love that this buffet is called... "The Buffet" ...straight to the point! I went for lunch, and I think that is the least glutinous option for a Vegas buffet. The spread is pretty moderate. At  $25, it was pretty reasonably priced. The food was really good! Way better than my opinion of buffet food. It's pretty comparable to the Bellagio and the new Ceasars buffet. I loved that they had seasonal foods , like roasted butternut squash (so good!) and pumpkin ravioli. The roasted brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes were great as well as the lamb meatballs. Keep up the good work Wynn...i will be back! Icing on the cake? We were given a CD courtesy of Mr. Wynn of the upbeat "vibe" music played in the buffet.... we listened to it all the way home!
3	Delicious but we will never go back, my wife and daughter got very sick for a couple of days and the hotel response was that we could not prove it was their food that got them infected!
3	Came here on a Friday for dinner.  Expensive, but good.  I cannot complain about the tasty food.  I was just expecting so much better.  For the price of this buffet, the place needs to have the "WOW" factor.  Unfortunately, the buffet at the Wynn does not make the grade.  Overall, though, it is a fine place to come to if you can afford it.
5	I can't say enough good things about the Wynn buffet. The food was amazing, the casino and the buffet are beautiful, and the service was excellent. After a ten dollar tip it ended up costing us about $40 per person for the whole thing, but it was well worth the price.The thing that makes this buffet stand out in my eyes is their ability to work with people like us with food sensetivites and special dietary needs. I haven't bothered going to a buffet since I was diagnosed gluten (celiac) and dairy intolerant over two years ago. I am extremely sensetive to even the smallest amounts of gluten or dairy, so a buffet didn't seem like a good idea. After reading a few reviews on a few blogs my fiance and I decided to give it a shot, and boy are we glad we did!! The chef came out and gave us a tour of the whole buffet, showing us what was safe and what was not. They had a LOT of options for us including several deserts (which pretty much never happens), all of which were delicious!We are already talking about our next trip to Vegas just so we can go to this buffet again!!
4	This is a great, great buffet. They have everything you'd want a buffet to have. The whole layout of the buffet is great. Probably the nicest ambiance for a buffet anywhere in Vegas.We went with a group of 10 or so for dinner Friday night. The wait was minimal and the staff was great about accommodating us and getting us seated quickly. The food selection is pretty standard mix of buffet fare. I particularly loved the crab legs. The Wynn also has the best deserts of any buffet we visited. Hands down. Not even close. They crush on desert.100% worth a visit and 100% worth the price.
5	I really enjoyed this buffet.  We paid like $40 per person, I thought I would try it once, probably won't come back because I don't like paying $40 bucks for a dinner but hey it's vegas and I saw people tossing $50's  so I knew i was in the high roller section. I love the service, the food was decent well cooked the desserts were great!
2	Kept on hearing that this place is always packed because of their good dishes. This place was on my to-do list when I visited Vegas. so I was ready to join the crowd & told my bf to be prepare for the wait.Got there on Sunday @5:30pm, to my very surprise, there wasn't even a single person waiting in line, I was questioning to myself if they're close temporary before open for dinner, but then I remembered that I've read somewhere people advised to come at this time. We're greeted by couple hostess and leaded us to the atrium which was beautiful. The place was half empty though. I've tried every single dishes, all the way from salad bar to the meat dishes and seafood. oh sure they have quite of variety, but lacks quality and taste. Meats were dried and tough, sushi was not fresh, all others were just bland.I wasn't impressed at all except that I liked the crab legs and the crepes. What happened to this place ? its not my lucky day ?? and no, im not picky, I love buffet and I've been to many buffet places before, but this place is not any special. Very disappointed. I've experienced at other places better with less on the price.
4	I say the best buffet in Vegas!They have a huge selection of food from seafood, meat, pasta, etc. But I have to say that my favorite at the Buffet is the Coffee Ice Cream! Best coffee ice cream I've ever had!!! The taste & texture... yum yum yum ^^I say the buffet at Wynn beats the one in Bellagio! If you are looking for a buffet, this one is a pretty good one to go to.
2	This used to be the best buffet in Las Vegas.  Not any more.  The food has been bad the last three times I have been.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is that the setting is beautiful and the staff is usually good (although I have had bad service here in the past).  Interesting that the place has been empty the last few times.  Please improve the food!  Your guests deserve better food than the garbage you have been serving.  Why pay over $40 to have dinner here when you can have the same mediocre meal for less than half the price elsewhere.
3	Pricier, less tasty version of Wicked Spoon.  There's more variety than Wicked Spoon, but I feel like Wicked Spoon has better tasting things.
4	I haven't tasted other buffet in Vegas. As far as I known, this one is really good! Gonna have it again with my friends next time I come to Vegas.
2	Came here for lunch buffet. An average selection of food, nothing to "wow" over. The food was average, as expected but I just didn't get the "wow this was worth it" feel you know?  The service was great though, always had waiters coming around taking plates, and asking if we needed any beverages. Perhaps the dinner is better, will definitely try again though. Just hoping next time won't be as disappointing.
4	I went here for brunch on a Sunday and waited for a little over an hour to be seated. The view is stunning and the waiter was very attentive with re-filling drinks and clearing plates. The selection at this buffet was amazing - everything ranging from prime rib, sushi, pizza, seafood, and a spectacular array of desserts. For ~$70/couple, I wold say that the food and service was definitely worth it.
5	In my top 3 of buffets!  I wish I could have stayed for hours for their brunch! Gourmet everything!
1	Ummm....no. My husband and I had free passes here on 1/21 with our room at the Wynn. If we had paid the $30 lunch price, we would have been pissed.This place WAS terrific in quality, selection, taste, etc. 5-7 years ago, but it's gone WAY DOWNHILL! Honestly, you can get a better lunch anywhere for $30 per person, even on the Wynn property. All of the bad reviews people have posted are correct.I'm surprised this restaurant hasn't been revamped seeing how Steve Wynn is a perfectionist with everything he does...his properties are the absolute best in Vegas. Didn't think he could disappoint us, but this restaurant is a for sure MISS. Help this place Steve!
4	One of the best buffets I have EVER been to.The layout is very well organized. Of course, a place like Wynn is going to have a certain level of quality and selection, but this was just OUTSTANDING!!! Our server was very friendly (and spoke English) and took care of our plates as we emptied them. Kept out water full and made suggestions for combinations. He aso received the highest tip we have ever left for a buffet server.Highights:Kobe MeatloafVenison RoastRosemary Pheasant Pumpkin RavioliGreat SushiWe took our time, stayed for 2 hours and even had coffee.I will go back and I will bring many people. If asked, I will suggest this in my top 3 buffets in Vegas.
5	Best buffet i've had here. Service blew but the prime rib and deserte were incredible.  The crepes are very good.
3	If I could, I would rate this as 3 1/2 stars (since we got our two dinner buffets comped).We came here at 5 PM on a Sunday night, and the place was pretty empty. There was plenty of food, with no lines, but none of the food was really memorable. We tried:OKCrab legs, shrimp cocktail, Kobe lasagnaGoodCrepes, prime rib, leg of lamb, pork belly and Peking duck buns, sea bassIf you want to check out a buffet, then this one is fine, but I wouldn't want to pay the 40.00 regular price at dinner. Maybe it would have been better on a weekend night.
3	After reading all the glowing reviews that said the Wynn has the best brunch in Vegas, we stopped in this past Sunday around noon.  The place was packed and the line to get in was long.  I took this all as a good sign.  However, when we saw the food, which was displayed beautifully, I was underwhelmed by the selection.  There were no crab legs, no lobster tails.  Really, the only seafood was shrimp cocktail--which was nothing special--and baked salmon (the citrus beurre blanc was nice) and red snapper.  I expected a lot more in the way of seafood options and was disappointed--especially since I don't eat red meat.  Pics I've seen online all showed the Wynn brunch with giant crab legs and lobster, but there was definitely none to be had on 1/27/13 when I was there.  The dessert options were also underwhelming.  The cream puffs were splendid, but the raspberry cheesecake shooters tasted like Jello no-bake and all the chocolate cakes were sugar-free.  Very disappointing.  So, five stars for presentation and service, but three stars for the food.
2	My friends brought me to The Buffet at Wynn for lunch. Honestly after my last experience with Le Village Buffet, I was a little apprehensive. We had a one hour wait in line (granted it was during lunch hour). I was beyond hungry that I lost my appetite when we finally reached the front of the line. It was close to 2pm. If it wasn't for the pretty decorations in the hotel (which is exquisite), Sharr would've been extra crabby. We paid upfront....there were 3 of us and the bill was $125. This shit better be good.I was really impressed by the layout of the food stations, especially the dessert station which was outrageous. I really wanted to start with dessert first but everything else looked so damned good too. They even had different stations for international flavors. After about 30 mins or so, I have tried pretty much a little bit of everything. The sushi station was good however I didn't want to get full on rice. But I did get seconds on stir fried tofu and pumpkin ravioli. The meats here are, once again very dry. What is going on with the meats people? Get it right! The big hoorah for me was the dessert. I coudn't wait to get my hands on them. Each little pastry was so pretty and beautifully decorated.  I came close to getting one of each, lol. When I got back to my table and actually bit into one of them (it was a marshmallow), I nearly spit it back out. How long have they been sitting there?!?! It was nearly rancid....that stuff was not fresh. Then I was brave enough to try the rest.....all I can say is eh. I really expected a lot from this place but my hopes were shut down. It's all about glitz and glamour again with empty promises. Boooo! Sharr is extra crabby now more than ever. I'm ready to throw in the towel with the serach for best buffets in Vegas. If anyone have any suggestions, pls PM me. Be warned however, I'm very picky.
3	For the price, it was whatevers. Yes, it is organized and there are a lot of options. It kind of just seemed like massive amounts of mediocre food. Maybe it's because I went for lunch... The salads were probably the best part. The carving station was pretty good too. Everything else was just average. The sushi was limited. Dry and hard rice... The desserts were okay. The cheesecake was probably the best. Everyone was getting the gelato, but the line is ridiculous. It is fun to watch people try to eat the candy apple... super thick sugar coating... impossible to eat. The girls just end up taking pictures with it... pressed up against their lips... lolOH. The wait was insane as well... about an hour (maybe more). It was reminiscent of lining up at Disneyland...
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 16/100Artsy or not, you're gonna wanna come here for the food. By golly was it decadently flavorful and impressively diverse. My parents and I came here on Tuesday to intimately wrap up the line of celebrations my mom had for her birthday, in what I believe is one of the best buffets in town. (and no, overrated is not a word I would even associate with the Buffet at the Wynn) There were no lines that day (although a sign did say that proper attire was required - "Gentlemen, no sleeveless shirts. Ladies: Opaque cover-ups) Food choices, arrangements and staff were all out fantabulous - simply top-notch. Being the nature person that I am, the flower/fruit decorations (and hummingbird paintings) that greeted us as we entered the dining area didn't cease to amaze me. I particularly loved how the roast beef, mashed potatoes and roasted brussel sprouts with onions complimented each other. Shrimp tempura sushi, seaweed cucumber salad, smoked salmon topped with soy sauce tasted just as great. There was a wide array of stations - Asian, Seafood, Italian etc. and a special room filled with desserts - let's talk gelato, candy apples, rocky road, chocolate shots, raspberry cheesecake, chocolate coated rice crispy squares, tres dulces. I could go on forever. Admittedly, I couldn't settle with just a couple of helpings when it came to the sweet stuff and ended up trying almost every bit of what they had. By the time 3:30pm came - and papa initially hoped to grab a handful of snow crab legs once they rolled in at that time - we were more stuffed than we had intended to and decided to start pacing ourselves out to burn the calories off.
3	I was super stoked to try this buffet out after all I heard about it and for all you can eat + bottomless mimosas and bloody marys how could you lose? Well myself and my newlywed friends were disappointed. The food was mediocre and not as fresh as I had anticipated. Now don't get me wrong as far as buffets go this is/was better than most buffets I've been to, but for 40 bucks a pop, I've had better. the seafood wasn't as fresh as i thought it would be and I was excited about the ceviche until I tasted its bland almost inedible grossness. We were also VERY hungover so maybe that had an effect on our taste buds, but I've had better at Caesars Palace for half the price.
2	This buffet was very overpriced at $90 for just two people. The staff was friendly, though, and we were pretty quick to be seated. Food looked nice and tasted okay.Our experience was ruined, though, because I GOT FOOD POISONING. This is the last place I would have expected something like that to happen. I ate there on a Friday and it ruined my whole weekend, since I was throwing up for a lot of it.
2	I came here hoping for some good food but I was disappointed by the offerings. The meat was generally dry, and the crab legs were really stringy. The only exception was the prime rib, which was done nicely -- tender and flavorful. Otherwise pretty much everything was dry. Also, for a buffet that cost around $40 per person I would have expected more seafood, honestly, but it was pretty much just crab and some overcooked fish... The only redeeming part of dinner was the dessert. I sampled the dulce de leche, creme brulee, chocolate with orange marmalade, raspberry cake, raspberry cheesecake, and lemon meringue (or something like that). I liked the creme brulee quite a bit and the dulce de leche was also good. Just the right amount of sweetness.But at the end of the day I found myself completely stuffed but not satisfied with the food and wondering why I did this to myself. A sad day indeed.
5	Great selection, great quality, great atmosphere.  This is a high-end "buffet" with great service and an excellent selection of food; there is literally something for everyone.  I tried a variety of their offerings--veggie sushi, freshly-made pasta with marinara sauce at the pasta bar, quinoa and squash cornbread--and everything was consistently good.  Lots of vegetarian options.The place was very clean and the interior decor (like the rest of the Wynn) is Disneyesque fantasy (be sure to visit the dessert area).  For a buffet this is five stars. Oh and did I mention it is located in the Wynn hotel?  It is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed at, and this restaurant epitomizes their culture of perfection and quality.
4	The good life is . . . well, freakin' awesome.  If you want to have the luxury of choosing a plate full of well-prepared Italian, Chinese, American, Indian, Carribean, and Japanese food, you'll have to pay for it, but man oh man is it tasty.Ringing in at $25 for the lunch, the Encore Buffet ain't cheap.  It's to be expected.  The Encore is built around luxury.  And it charges for every element of it.  But for the $25 lunch, you'll get one of the best buffets in Vegas.  Not the best meal in Vegas, but one of the best places in Vegas to sample cuisines from 10+ regions.  The desert table is flat out delicious--hard not to succeed with various chocolate treats made from quality chocolate.  All in a charming decor and sunny atmosphere.  It's a quality upscale Vegas buffet.
5	The best buffet in Las Vegas. Steve Wynn knows how to build the best hotels and the best restaurants in the world. And he hit another home run with the buffet. No other buffet even comes close. He blows the competition out of the water - from the Wedgewood place settings, blown glass decor, candy apples and gellato for dessert, all the food is well above average fare for the typical Vegas buffet. You get what you pay for folks, and if you want a crappy meal, go pay $9.99 at another hotel. If you want the best, go to Wynn.
4	Top notch boofay of boofays. Sushi and seafood is amazing.  Brunch is always amazing here. The desserts are the prime reason to go here. I can't get enough. The only thing to improve to make this a 5 is the staff. Although they work hard it's certain they have too many tables to attend to. Certainly nice. Just runnin' their azz off to get everyone and pull plates away fast. we had some stack up on different visits. Still, I love this buffet.
4	This a review from a vegetarian perspective. I found some stuff to eat but honestly not much more than the Rio Buffet. I go for variety at buffets and would have liked to see more. The food they did have was good but there was nothing spicy there. I did like that it did not feel crowded and the seating was good. Have to try the fresh pasta (the best thing).
5	You get what you pay for...and you pay a lot to get in here. They had what was quite possibly the best prime rib I've ever tasted. I think I ate my money's worth of it too. All of their food is of the highest quality. We went for Sunday brunch and the line was quite long...probably about 45-60 min.
4	Very good buffet with Steve Wynn's reputation for not going cheap shown through the selection of very fine food to choose from.  The selection of food was very interesting a lot of stuff you don't see at a typical buffet like Kobe Meatloaf, Veal on a rib, some special Italian dishes.. just the list goes on and on. Steve Wynn gave this buffet a nice comfy feeling like your inside someones kitchen or house with very beautiful decor around the place. Quality, selection, and style all come together in a great outstanding buffet.
3	I was looking so forward to eating here and it was good but I'm not sure worth the $135 plus tip I paid for 2 adults and 1 child. I mean the food was great buffet food but still a buffet. it wasn't fresh, the was a lot of dry food from sitting for awhile, the sushi was just OK and I had to wait for drink refills for a long time when it was not busy, but most of all  the condiments came in packets, everything else was very good but the I dressed up and had to open soy from a packet for my sushi and it squirted all over my shirt. for what I paid I think there could be soy at the table or at least at the sushi station.
5	What a great find! This has made my list of Vegas must spots. We went for breakfast and at $20 a person it's a really good value. The food was amazing and so much to choose from. I love that they keep servings small so you can try a variety of things. The baked goods are all made by the bakers at the hotel and they were really something lovely. It's also such a pleasant decor it makes you happy to be there.
2	This is my first time ever reviewing anything here but i felt the public should know my experience before thinking of spending $60 for lunch.Now I love everything about the Wynn, it is my favorite hotel in all of Vegas. I have been fortunate to dine in several of there restaurants and cafe.My boyfriend and I went to the lunch buffet, 2/5/13 as one of his events for his bday. He had been to the dinner one about 6 years ago. He absolutely loved which is why we decided to go.We started with sushi side...one word yuck!. All of the rice was hard. The tuna ceviche was nicely presented but the dish didn't have any flavor.After the first disappointment we decided to continue to other sections, the Asian, the meats, Pasta, Italian pizza all had the same problem. Something was missing for taste, salt, pepper, love. Again everything looked great but the,taste was not there. On top of that some of the hot food we would get was salad cold by the time we sat. Given we were seated up close and personal and were only going per section so the food was on our plate for no more than a minute before we sat down. After courses of disappointments we decided let's get full with desserts, I mean there is no way those good looking desserts must be good. Well think again, we tried tres leches, Madeline, chocolate cake you name it we tried it, again sugar or something was missing. Finally we couldn't help it but  complain to the manager. Which than brought out the Executive Chef. Both were friendly, the chef was willing to make anything we wanted how ever we wanted. We would have done it but we were too scare at that point. Than the manager said because we had been there for over an hour it becomes iffy. So they have us free espresso. At that point I just didn't care anymore. So we drank our sorry espresso and went on our way. Still love the Wynn but won't be going to there lunch buffet  ever again.
3	I kind of wished I came here for dinner instead of lunch. The buffet was just ok. I wasn't impressed with the food and the selection was bland and boring. I think the only thing I liked was the unlimited mimosas for $13, the Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream, and bread pudding.
4	Hands down one of the BEST buffets in Vegas. Ringing at $39 for dinner on a Saturday night it's definitely not cheap but their menu isn't either. The selection of food is fine and you can taste the quality in their dishes. Lobster ravioli was one of my favorites and the PRIME RIB is on point! Not a fan of the sushi section though. Hand rolls were small, rice was hard. All in all, just avoid that corner. High quality food and a good selection. I will definitely be back on my next Vegas trip :)
5	Sunday brunch...$80.00 for my wife and I.....worth every penny!! Wonderful food, great service and the best pastry/ dessert room I have ever seen! If you haven't eaten there, you've never really experienced the decadence of Vegas
5	Went to 4 buffets in 5 days in Vegas and this was, BY FAR, the absolute BEST. It's not cheap but it doesn't matter. So many vegan options, so much FOOD. It's gorgeous and whimsical and amazing. I want to eat there every single day.
4	The best Buffet on the strip, pricey but you pay for what you get and the food is top shelf, chefs are top shelf, waite staff outstanding.  You expect the best from this place this was a very enjoyable experience.
4	Went here for a $26 lunch buffet. Good food, but lunch does not have the higher end items. The beef brisket was the best. And remember to save room for dessert. Mango ice-cream was awesome.
1	Not so good
3	I really dont understand what all the hype is about reagarding this buffet.  I found the wait times to be long and although the food is good quality the selection was lacking. All in all this is still an above average buffet and the price reflects it.
4	Guys must wear shirts with sleeves, even when the weather is ridiculously hot in Vegas.  Pricy, but the food and interior make up for it.  Lots and different choices of things to be put on the your plate. Their desserts are actually good compared to other buffets. Their corn on the cob is super delicious!!!
2	With all due respect, I think Wynn's buffet is overrated.  We had high hope on this buffet after checking out on yelp, but we were greatly disappointed.  The quality of the food is pretty average.  The fried chicken is a bit taste less.  No sashimi (though you get smoke salmon).  Even the sushi is pretty mediocre consisting only like California roll type (not even nigiri).   Almost everything is forgettable.  I think if you like Italian food or American type of food, it might work out better for you, but if you are looking for asian type of food, it will disappoint you.  At the end of the buffet, we were so dissatisfied that I had to tell my wife that we will try another better buffer the next day to compensate this bad experience.
2	I ate here six years ago and absolutely loved the seafood selection. King crab legs the size of drumsticks and shrimp the size of prawns - all for an expensive $32 a pop - but it was worth it.Fast forward to today and I'm back in 'Vegas for a conference.  After reading all the negative reviews of The Buffet, I had to come back and see it for myself. I walked all the way from Bally's where I'm staying just to re-experience The Buffet. The price is now $40 a pop and the buffet has gone from extraordinary to "meh". King crab legs the thickness of pixie straws and shrimp the size of what you get at Home Town buffet. Count me as among the totally disappointed in this buffet.
2	I really dont know how people rate this buffet so high. 1. Its was $50 for dinner because of 18% gratuity2. the meats were mostly dry, they had brisket and sausage at the carving station and they were dry as can be.  Tell me how can sausage be dry???3. was not impressed with the selection at all, all their beef dishes said Kobe beef but who care if it tastes bad and plus its American Kobe which isn't real Kobe beef. 4. the dessert was okay, ice cream was good 5. so overrated for the price, just a tourist trap6. better going to a sit down restaurant for the quality of food.I felt raped by the cost to quality.never again do a Vegas buffet, I always used to love buffets when I was younger but the cost of the buffets now a days just doesn't justify going to one. Better food and cheaper at a sit down restaurant. Plus do a free walk around before you decide all buffets let you do this before buying it.
5	Decided to come here for Valentine's Day.. might as well get AYCE for the price my bf would be paying at a fancy restaurant. I've never spent $42 on a buffet (per person) before, but the price speaks for itself. There are so many options to choose from, &at the same time you're paying for the experience. This buffet will definitely be my "go to" every time I return to Vegas!! #iminfoodheaven
5	My boyfriend's been telling me that this is the best buffet in Vegas, and he was right! This place is amazing! I really wanted to try some of everything they had but I got too full before I could do so. I still think the food here is well worth the $40 I spent! I started with the crab legs, shrimp and sushi. OMG the crab legs were soooo good! I love how they're already peeled for you, as I don't know how to peel my own. I'm a hugeee fan of shrimp, and probably filled most of my stomach eating way too many of them - they were delicious! I wasn't too impressed with the sushi though. Oh well, there were many other options to choose from.All the meat dishes were excellent. Prime rib, brisket, short rib... they were all sooooo delicious! I can't really remember what else I had that night, but everything was really good!I had the gelato, cheesecake, and a bite of the creme brulee for dessert. Gelato - pretty standard, tasted just like gelato served anywhere else.Cheesecake - sooooo yummy, and it wasn't too rich!Creme brulee - soooo good! I really should have gotten my own, but I was too full.I will never be able to go to Vegas again without making a trip here! LOVE IT!
5	"WooHoo! As good as it gets!"... Well at least for a buffet.I took a trip to Vegas with my parents who were admitted "Haters" of Sin City... They stayed at The Wynn... I Stayed at The Rio. I tried to impress them with all the sites of the Vegas strip keeping them from just crashing in their room watching t.v. taking them to nice dining experiences and fun spectacles. our last day they took me to their buffet at their hotel for breakfast.... HOLY CRAP! This is barely a buffet at all! We were seated in this area filled with HUGE flower arrangements and served our beverages. and were directed into the area where the food was... The options here were displayed in small, single serving portions whenever possible and were promptly replaced with new fresh items each time something was taken. We all know what we get when we get our buffet on... Not here. This food tasted fresh even if I dare say fresh and homemade. Never did I wait for a used plate to be taken away. Not to mention the plates and service ware were top notch as well. as nice or nicer than what I have at home. My beverage never went dry either. This place may not have the variety or the size of other buffets in Las Vegas, but I would rather go for quality than quantity anyway.All this and you would think that it would be pretty pricey... but I think that its was a few dollars cheaper than other buffets I tried in Vegas. In the $20 per person range.
2	All of the restaurants on the Wynn property are ridiculously overpriced.  The Buffet is no exception.  As reviewed many times here, the meats were mostly dry and flavorless, especially the sausage.  The Kobe meatloaf was horrible.  The brisket was fine, though.The sushi rice was very cold and hard, as is stated many time here.  You'd think they'd fix that.  The seafood crepes were cold, even though they had just been put out.  The lamb meatballs were OK, but wild boar risotto was dry and not well seasoned.The variety is great, the dishes are somewhat exotic, but they taste and preparation of the food was very very disappointing.  However, if you want to sample a variety of mediocre food and don't want to pay the crazy prices at the other Wynn restaurants, your $40+ here will get you more quantity.
4	We just got back from the Wynn a few hours ago.  Great hotel and Buffet.  We've been to about 20 buffets in Vegas and the Wynn buffet is probably in the top 3 for us...  Read my other posts to find out our top two.    We hit the seafood buffet for dinner and it was $40.  It was worth it for sure.  Crab legs, shrimp, prime rib ?  Come on now Vegas lovers-- That is all you have to say.  All good.  Deserts were superb.   The lunch buffet was $ 25 and I liked it even better.  No crab legs or unlimited shrimp or prime rib... but they had braised beef and turkey carvings... and great fish (smoked salmon was my Fav.).      You cannot go wrong.
3	For the price and the class of the hotel, this buffet was a bit of let-down. I didn't get the high class quality I had at the Bellagio or Cosmopolitan buffet. They had crab legs, only cold ones, in a messy pile. I've had warm steamed ones at  much lower level buffet restaurants. Sushi seemed to have been refrigerated for a while. I didn't like the taste of coffee for some reasons, but I guess I'm just too picky.Tables were crammed in. I felt like I was sitting at a food court, sort of. Overall foods taste all good, but I give this buffet the same grade as Mirage's Cravings, which is much cheaper.
2	Had lunch here.  Food was cooked good but selection is small compared to buffets in Louisiana.  Not worth the 31$ price plus tip.  Go off the strip to find some real food.  Vegas strip buffets are all about flash.
4	Came here for the breakfast buffet and really enjoyed it.  The selection was massive - on top of your typical eggs, potatoes and bacon selections, they had roasted ham, an omelet station, an Asian station (with porridge, egg rolls, dumplings and baos), a pancake station with your selection of regular or red velvet pancakes, waffles, a seafood station (no crab legs for breakfast but smoked salmon), and an amazing dessert selection with cupcakes, chocolate dipped marshmallows, cookies, croissants, rice krispies, cheesecakes and a whole ice cream bar where you can create your own ice cream sandwich.  All for just $20 a person!  We had a small breakfast the day before at the cafe in the Wynn which cost $20 total - it's almost more worth it to just do the buffet and pay an extra $20!
4	As buffets go, it's good.  They put in effort, many of the dishes were classed up.  There's a good variety in types of food.  But 10 minutes after getting my first plate, I decided I was done with buffets.  And to have my last one at the Wynn meant ending on a high note.
3	There are some bright spots here, but overall you would be better in most of the other high end restaurants that are around.  The meats were good, but tasted like they had been sitting around for a while.  Most of the sushi was above buffet quality, which is good, but noting spectacular, and the sides and other food was good.  If you are looking for selection and really want a buffet, this is probably your place, but if you are looking for a great meal go somewhere else and order exactly what you want.
2	Overrated. I prefer the buffet at Aria, plus they have better desserts.
5	Nice buffet!! I really liked the atmosphere here and enjoyed the food. We came here for breakfast on a Thursday so it wasn't crazy packed at the time. I really liked the selection of food here and everything was fresh and clean tasting and I walked away super full but not sick feeling. I will agree that the price is steep here but in my opinion you get what you pay for and the different selection of food makes it hard to not get bored. This place is my second favorite buffet in Vegas and I would for sure come back when I am in town.
5	Best on the strip. Everything is taken to the nth degree...as good as it gets for buffet food, actually an experience different from all the others. If you're going to go to one and spend your hard earned ducats this is the place. Its yummy, clean, and there is a huge selection for everyone.
4	Let me say, I am not a big buffet fan because I usually get full on plate #2 which is a waste I know. However this luxurious place containing sixteen stations with everything from sushi to hand sliced bacon to cheese and cold cuts, Mexican, seafood, Japanese, Prime Rib plus omelets made to order, chorizo and eggs, pizzas, pastas, fruit and every type of dessert you can think of including gelato between two cookies? Just a decadent display of the most magnificent buffet you could ever visit. This has to be the super bowl of buffets, all for $39 bucks! For 16 bucks more you can have unlimited mimosas. Fast and friendly service but get there early...the line wraps around the casino!
4	Great food and plenty to choose from. However the salad bar was very small and not a lot of options. Wait was not to long and the cashiers were very engaging which was nice. will be back. one of the better buffets in town. a little pricey.
4	Really good food! Great variety. Not a fan of the crowd it attracts. I'd rather the Aria's buffet that's also great, less expensive, and really only attracts guests of the hotel.
4	The buffet at Wynn is the best buffet in Nevada that i have has so far.  The selections are great.. Especially the prime rib and the pizzas.  The choices in desserts are plenty and the gillatos are yummy.  It was worth the experience!
1	US Today needs to have its head examined. Had a brunch buffet for $25 which featured really, compared to Bellagio and the superb Cosmopolitan, very few choices. Dry brisket and sausages. Seafood bar without seafood. Had a small cup which had a handful of gamey shrimp and crab pieces in it. Needed a big mug of green tea to wipe my mouth clean after that. Desserts were equally a mixed bag. Gelato was fine, but forget the dry little chocolate mousse pieces or even worse the over sweetened pecan tart. More green tea was needed. Best part of the buffet, other than the green tea, was a raw fuji apple. Imagine that... and they didn't even have to cook it at the hotel. Forget the hype and avoid this culinary waste space.
4	Now first off, you must throw out your notion of what a buffet is where you come from.  This is not one of those places where you pile as many peel and eat shrimps on your place, while you madly pile drive past hungry sharp elbowed grandmas who are horning in on the freshly cooked oysters, meanwhile you're blithely ignoring the nasty look the staff is giving you as you try to balance three plates at once.No, this is a place you go and get a little bit gussied up.  You're entering some strange Miyazaki buffet wonderland styled by Gourmet Magazine.  You are still surrounded by tourists, but you are all equally awed by the presentation & effort put forth at the buffet tables.  I spent a lot of time looking around for discounts, and figured that that any discounts came with a lot of effort, so just suck it up and pay full price for it.  I recommend coming for lunch, which will make it $25 ish per person.  Yowsa, right?  But then again, this is high end food, in a high end casino, in high end Las Vegas.  You are going to hand your wallet over to the nice cashier & smile pretty when she thanks you.Everything I tried was at the very least quite tasty, if not amazing.  And I give kudos for the dessert area.  Most buffets I ignore everything but soft serve.  Crappy ice cream, but there is a something about it....I digress, I am a food snob when it comes to dessert.  I from the SF Bay Area, we know ALL about dessert.  A little pretty presentation will not disguise ineptitude.  But I got none of that here, all the desserts tried were tasty!Big plus, Steve Wynn, a recently converted vegan, went on campaign to veganize all his properties.  As a result, every food place has a lot more vegan options (if not an entire separate vegan menu that you can request).  At every buffet station there were posted discrete notices reminding you that you are always free to ask the staff to accommodate any food change requests (although presumably in moderation).  I removed 1 star only because the omelet staff person convinced my vegan that egg beaters were vegan.  So, you vegans out there be sure to double check your food if you don't want to be bummed!  Oh right, vegan alfredo sauce kicked serious butt!
4	Great variety, even just for breakfast. We ended up getting seated about 10:30 AM, so we were able to have breakfast and lunch while only being charged for breakfast.The scrambled eggs are just OK, but the made to order omelets and mini Belgium waffles were really good. Their little selection of vegetarian enchiladas, pico, and black bean salad were all really tasty. The ma po tofu was fantastic, as were the spring rolls and garlic vegetables. The salad bar was adequate, and the other breakfast staples, like oatmeal and fruit, were all adequate.The sushi was disappointing and dry, but the pizza was good. The desserts were hit and miss. Some were really great, like the passion fruit tapioca pudding, but some other things, like the mini cakes, were dry.Overall, many things were good, some were delicious, and a few were disappointing. The restaurant is beautiful and the service is pretty good. I would recommend going for an earlier meal to save some money while still getting to enjoy the great variety.
5	One of the things that Las Vegas casinos are famous far are the buffets. The Wynn takes that to a new level. This is gourmet food, but all you can eat. My family and I have gone there three times over the last several years. The last time was in Feb. 2013. We went there for dinner service, and was amazed by the flavors and variety. They had Wagyu beef brisket, Kobe beef, a huge selection of cured meats, several varieties of cuisine from Asian to Italian to American. Plus the deserts are to die for. All kinds of cakes, candy covered apples, etc. This has become THE buffet to go to whenever we are in Vegas.
3	For the quantity of the food the put out, the quality is pretty good and I love the fact that you can try a little of everything when it comes to buffets in general, but there was nothing that I would really crave or want to go back for. The desserts were tepid at best and the scrambled eggs tasted like they were once powdered. There was a very good vanilla parfait however!
4	A great place to try new food...  Not as good as Wicked Spoon or Bacchanal, but better than every other buffet I've tried.  Really, it's worth at least one visit.
5	Breakfast for my wife and was $100 including tip.    I've never had a 2 person $100 breakfast before.    Clearly I've been missing out.   Wow, Damn, Holy Hell, this is really good food.    It's the Wynn so expect it to be perfectly executed and you won't be disappointed.    For many years now, the wife and I always do breakfast at the Bellagio, NO MORE.   The Wynn wins.    Do yourself a favor and try it.
5	Since I had been traveling all day and was famished I decided to venture to the Wynn Buffet for an evening of "grazing" on a variety of dishes. I went just at dinner opening time - 3:30pm (Sunday) and had to wait in line about 10 minutes. (Seemed like forever since I was so hungry) Dinner buffet was $39.99 and I added the all you can drink Champagne, Mimosa, Red and White Wine for $15.00. Total $55.00. I tipped the waiter at the table when almost finished with the meal. He kept my glass full even though busy (I'm sure the early tip didn't hurt). I am a meat eater so I mostly ate the Veal, Lamp and Prime Rib. All really good - especially for the price. Shrimp (very plump) and crab legs (big) were perfect as well. Tried the Seafood pizza - too fishy. Brussels sprouts good (recently discovered I really like them). Great variety of cheeses. I skipped the salad bar.Desert was an experience. Lots to choose from and there is a chef making fresh crepes. I had read about the Creme Brulee so even though I was stuffed I was able to enjoy one to top off my dining experience.Even for a woman dining alone I truly enjoyed myself. Requested a table out of the way and the hostess was more than happy & polite to accommodate. I told several business associates about this restaurant. While it may seem expensive, the variety and quality of the food makes it worth it to me.
1	I saw pictures of Wynn Buffet and decided to check it out. We waited about an hour at the line (it is ok, when you trying to get into Buffet in Las Vegas), then the hostess gave us the worst table ever! It was in a dark area next to the food station...I was really devastating by getting that table! I only choose that Buffet by the nice picture they had on their site! Turned out it is not so nice in reality...The food was ok, but for $100 we paid, I expected to have more variety... there was mostly breakfast food: omelets, bacon, ect.  Seriously, $100 for breakfast??The only good thing I can tell about this place - unlimited mimosas! Our waitress was very quick in giving us refills! But again.. the price! It cost you $15 extra for unlimited mimosas... Just compare: it is only extra $9 in Cosmopolitan! By the way the food in Cosmopolitan's  " Wicked Spoon" is so much better, then in Wynn!!!!
5	FIVE STAR DELICIOUS AND we didn't have to wait in line. My friends and I arrived at an odd time to eat dinner. We got there at around 2pm because dinner is served starting at 3pm. We paid the lunch price but got to try lunch and dinner. There wasn't a huge difference between lunch and dinner but a couple dishes were rotated. They have several stations - Chinese, Italian, Seafood, Cheese & Bread, Southern etc. I managed to eat a little bit of everything. My favorite was the different types of ceviches! Deliiiicous. I loved the delicious cod. All the pastas were amazing! Anything was seafood was divine. The crab was disappointing because it was not fresh and it was flavorless. They have endless desserts with ice cream and they make crepes. I think the price justified the variety and quality of the food. Cannot wait to go back! TIP: Plenty of delicious vegetarian options! My friend is vegetarian and had a huge variety to choose from that were more than just steamed or stir-fried vegetables. Yay Buffet is vegetarian/vegan friendly!
3	This is what happens every time I go to a buffet: I do a walk-by of all the food and get really excited by the sheer quantity of items at my disposal and how tasty everything looks. I grab a plate and start putting food on it. But as I move down the line (and get a closer look at everything), I start to realize how unappetizing most of the dishes actually look. Finally, I walk back to my table and start eating. And this is when it's confirmed: the food, simply put, is not very good. The Buffet at Wynn was no different. Despite my previous review stating I would never return, I agreed to one more try since my wife loves their buffet. But now, I really am not going back. As I said before, I'd rather take my money and eat at a nice sit-down restaurant. Having said that, I'll just do a brief run-down of my thoughts on the food here based on my last trip. Some things were too salty (e.g. Kalbi sauce wings, Chicken and jalapeno sausage), while others were too bland (e.g. Steak and egg pizza, Prime rib), or felt/tasted old from having sat out for a period of time (e.g. Spicy salmon hand roll, Seafood crepe). My favorite dish of the night was the Lamb meatball - it had just the right amount of seasoning on it. I'm not trying to bash this buffet (or most of the others out there)... I know the food can only be so good when you're making this much of it. But for me personally, it's just not my thing. If I were to rate this as a normal restaurant, I'd give it 1.5 to 2 stars. But I know that's not fair, so I'll rate it as a buffet and give it 3.
5	I highly recommend this place...I hadn't been to LV since I was like 13 until I moved to LA a couple years ago and made 6 visits my first year living here (sadly only 1 since that time). I'm not even a gambler is the crazy part, I just love the scene and the clubs in Vegas. I try to hit the Wynn buffet for brunch every time. Get up hungover around 11, come to the buffet and eat enough for 2, sometimes even 3 meals. THe line can get really long so you can pay like 10 dollars extra to skip the line, and they throw in some champagne, it really is worth it. I'm not that crazy about seafood so have never paid the extra money for dinner, though, although I'm sure it's also awesome. Huge variety at the buffet, as well as fresh salad and fruit if you feel healthy/want to make yourself feel less guilty about all the partying you've been doing. THe cooked foods are also awesome, ranging from American breakfast to an Asian section at the end.
4	I was very impressed with how the management answers questions regarding food allergies and special diets. I wanted to know what was gluten free and a friend wanted to know what was vegan. The manager brought out one of the executive chefs to give us a tour of the buffet and explain what we could each order. How often are you offered such special treatment? Numerous gluten free and vegan options. The food overall was quite good and vast in its variety. Several dishes however were just okay in taste. The lamb was tasty but a bit tough, even at medium rare. Our drinks were always full, plates cleared immediately. We took our time and did not feel rushed.I give them 5 stars on service, 4 on food.
5	It was so good... we ate there TWICE! If you're going to Vegas you need to check this out.
5	One of the top 3 buffets in Vegas! You can bet you'll have to wait 40+ minutes for dinner or weekend brunch. Great selection of high quality ethnic foods and even had crab legs and poki.
5	It doesnt get any better than this. This sets the bars for buffets. Lets start off with the amazing and real ceaser salad and your choice of freshly made soups and antipasto salad bar. Wonderful. Dinner comes with king crab legs that are cracked for you. Prime rib cut to taste, sushi, fresh shrimp, veal shortribs. I can go on and on but you get the point. The deserts are phenomenal with creme brulee and crepes and candied apples. No sense in wasting money on any other buffet when you have this one. Its a little pricy but look what you are getting to eat compared to everthing else.
4	The gf and I went to this buffet during Presidents Day weekend. It was pretty good. The selection was good meats and dessert. The crab legs were good too even though they did get a little soggy. Everything was pretty good quality. The buffet was 37$pp which was actually cheaper than wicked spoon that weekend. We went to wicked spoon and the consensus was that the wynn buffet was more preferable for us.
4	Typically, I'm not a fan of buffets, but I would have to say this is the best buffet I have ever been to. At first, I thought the name was rather contentious, but this is definitely "The Buffet" of all buffets. If I had to do just one buffet while in Vegas, this would be the one.The first thing I noticed while stepping onto the line was the smell. The aroma of food was fantastic and awakening to my senses. I made sure I came here on an empty stomach with a mean appetite, and it was well worth it. The Buffet has an extravagant selection of food to choose from, and everything is presented very well. The selections are quite creative as well in contrast to most standard run-of-the-mill buffets. The decor is bright and colorful in a cute, very floral sort of way. The service is very good as well, from the empty plates being pre-bused and frequent drink refills. I came here for dinner on a weekday, and although the price may seem a little steep at first glance, it is quite competitively priced for all that you get as well as the dining experience.
3	To be honest, I was disappointed. Maybe because I have high expectation since the lines are so long and waiting time is miserable. The environment is nice but the choices are too limited. Some food are really salty.Will not eat again next time.
4	Wow!  Talk about food overload.  This is not your typical buffet that you would think of in Vegas.  We ate here once for both breakfast and dinner.  This place has lots of high quality food on the buffet, much of which is home made.  For breakfast they had a fantastic pancake station, along with omelette's.  For dinner, they have a pasta station where they will make pasta with any kind of sauce you want.  They had some very different dishes like jalapeno and cheese chicken sausage.  When you go here you pretty much just want to grab a bunch of different things and try it.  Don't try to eat it all, because it's not possible.  For dessert, they have home made ice cream, cake, cookies, brownies, and at dinner they even had a crepe station.  This is unlike any buffet you will go to.  I highly recommend it if you are staying at the Wynn or Encore.  While it may seem a little pricey for a buffet, you'll understand why once you get inside.  Like anything else, you get what you pay for.  If you want the cheap $8.99 buffet with low quality frozen food, go downtown.
4	It's exactly what you think it is. Massive portions of thousands of options. It's gaudy, over-the-top, excessive. It's the reason non-Americans hate America. It's sort of awesome.Four stars, not five, because they were really disorganized up front with our free meal vouchers and sort of made us feel like we were idiots for not knowing how their inane system worked.
5	In life I usually don't need very many choices...Give me three things to choose from and I'm usually satisfied with one of the three.I was on sensory overload yesterday morning when my wife and I ate at the buffet at The Wynn. The number of choices you had was shocking. Breakfast food, fruits, salads, Asian food, Mexican Food, Omelet bar, pancake bar, pastries, pizzas, sausages...and the desserts. My wife may have entered a sugar coma at some point.Well worth the money. Not only were the choices many, but the choices I made were all delicious.
3	Thank goodness it's free! I actually wasn't very impressed with the lunch spread. I've always wanted to try this place because I remember when the Wynn's buffet was the place to go! Hubby was fortunate to get free passes at the buffet (breakfast or lunch only), but when I looked around, there really was no entree that I just HAD to try. The desserts were very nicely presented, but the rest was unremarkable. Maybe dinner is better?
4	Long ass line...but worth it. Only thing is I think it was better last year...
4	Been here at least 4 times.  The quality of the food definitely reflected for the price you pay. Amazing dessert selection!  Gelato bar + mini cupcakes, shot dessert cups, cookies, candied apples...Dinner has giant crab legs, already pre-sliced in half!  Not only do they do the hard work for you, the flesh tastes so sweet and fresh like they spray it with sugar water...My parents being super picky eaters and food snobs of restaurants liked The Buffet. Need I say more?Suggestion: do avoid high season/peak times unless you are willing to wait 40 mins - 2.5 hrs!  Worth the wait though, especially with our smartphones in hand to keep us entertained.I also don't think the additional cost of champagne to their lunch price (+$15 per person) is worth it, as they seem understaffed in refilling drinks.  Meaning you might receive 1 refill, if you flag down a server.
4	Lunch was about $65 for 2 people on a Monday.  Just the experience of being able to eat 50 different things in one meal is definitely worth the visit.  I had to sit for like an hour after our meal because my stomach hurt from eating too much... -___-Pear Mojito was pretty delicious too but not very strong.  We regretted not getting the unlimited champagne option since orange juice is free - mimosas!  We also forgot to get the gelato in our food coma...Desserts are insanely delicious, but the food wasn't really as good as I thought it'd be.  I wouldn't come back again, but it's worth one trip for sure!
4	Like a kid in a candy store - this place is a wonderland.  Probably the best buffet I've ever experienced.  So much variety!  This would be 5-star but some of the items were too dry - left under the heating lamps too long - creating an unfortunate experience in that regard.  The Dessert Bar is the best part of the entire thing.  Save room for dessert!
3	My husband's family has a saying at mealtime: "If you go hungry it is your own fault" and never has this saying been truer than at the Wynn Buffet. Seriously, if you can't find something to eat here then you are too picky to go out for a meal. We had breakfast here the day of my brother's wedding and it was quite a treat. The potato cakes with pepperjack were little squares of heaven and I could have made a meal out of them if I wasn't too busy stuffing my face with pain au chocolate. Lest you think I only carbed it up, I did try the delicious sausage with peppers and the perfectly cooked scrambled eggs. I think I actually squealed when I saw the olive tapenade and crostini and made sure that found its way onto my plate. Sadly, this tapenade left a lot to be desired, the salty tang that I love was missing and it was incredibly bland. But, that was the only misstep in an otherwise amazing meal. Only advice? Get there early if you are going to breakfast because at 9:30 the line is pretty long although it moves rather fast.
5	must be one of the best buffet in Las Vegas(another one I think is wicked spoon buffet in cosmopolitan ). We went there this thanksgiving and waiting time was about 1.5 hours. The seafood was very fresh and clean compared to the other two buffet we went, and desserts are  awesome. Interior decoration is beautiful and the stuffs are very nice. Although the price was the most expensive in what tried, we had great time there.
5	I went for breakfast. It was the best buffet of my trip. I think the Rio buffet might beat it (from another trip years ago), but it handily surpassed the Parisian Village, the Mirage Wicked Spoon, and Mandalay Bay's buffet from this particular Vegas jaunt.The Wynn's decor was lovely, but the food was the star. My breakfast had a lot of variety and included more expensive items like seafood and lox. There was both fresh and dried fruit. I think there was a seafood omelet in addition to the omelet station. I had lox-topped pizza. There was probably other stuff but I was too busy with the fish. The real awesomeness was in the dessert. Yes, I ate dessert. For breakfast. And I even ate it first.Bless their hearts, the Wynn staff had out a full dessert spread at 9 AM. Tres leche in a shot glass, lemon meringue pie, little cakes (regular and sugar-free), pastries, eclairs.  I really love dessert. And a good dessert puts me in my happy place. This is when I close my eyes and let the flavor fill my mouth and pretty much make sweet love to my spoon, one slow bite at a time. It is sweet, creamy nirvana.I did that in the Wynn. There was a French couple seated next to me, and the male half of the couple kept looking over at me, wondering what I could possibly be eating that was so good. No other dessert in all of Vegas put me in my happy place. The Wynn breakfast made my day, and it might have made the day of the gentleman next to me, so it gets five stars.
1	Went here because of the great reviews and was very disappointed. Felt more like your average Denny's restaurant turned buffet than a world class dining experience. Besides the made-to-order omelette station which seems to be standard fare at any buffet establishment, their offerings were not very extensive, nor were they remotely tasty... some inedible. Probably doesn't help that my wife and I went to the Wicked Spoon the day before for the weekend brunch... now that's a place that does a proper buffet - HIGHLY recommend it! Go to Wicked Spoon, not the Belaggio.
4	I first came to this buffet years ago when it first opened and then again about two years ago, so on my most recent visit, I didn't know what to expect. Knowing it's the Wynn, you expect quality and that's what you get, even with their buffet. We arrived around 6:30 on a Saturday and were pleasantly surprised that there was no line at all. We walked right in and were seated quickly. Service started a little slow, but once our server came by to get our drink orders, refills were plentiful and timely. I started with seafood and was a little disappointed with their seafood selection. I decided to stick with the other food selections and was quite happy with them. My favorite item of the evening was the watermelon salad. It was absolutely amazing. Every time I walked up to get some people were grabbing two or three at a time, luckily the line chefs kept replenishing the supply. I had three servings myself. The desserts and carving station food were pretty good as well. It's pretty pricy, but what's not on the strip, much less a high end hotel such as the Wynn. Definitely one of the better buffets on the strip.
5	The brunch buffet was spectacular!I LOVE the Wynn atmosphere in general, and The Buffet dining area upon entering is gorgeous! We didn't get to sit here, but hey, at least we were closer to the food.In addition to your typical buffet spread, there was also an omelet station, a pancake station, brisket and roast beef, and even a section with different types of sausages. There was a large selection of fruit, as well, but most of the options were heavier breakfast items. The dessert station is pretty impressive. There are two sides that are filled with pastries, cakes, tarts, candied apples, marshmallows dipped in an assortment of ingredients...everything you need to satisfy your sweet tooth. My favorite was the section that allowed you to choose a cookie type, a gelato flavor, and a fun topping for your own custom ice cream sandwich! Again, heavy for brunch, but I don't go to buffets expecting to have a light meal.Yep, it's pricey, just like all the other popular buffets. It is what it is.
3	I was a little disappointed....Bellagio buffet is better. The spring garden decor is outstanding and very prettty but the buffet is not out of this world for the price. Was craving Asian food and got a big plate of fried rice and the rice wasnt cooked, at all...almost broke a tooth, terrible!The ribeye sliders and fried turkey were delish...desserts were meh :/
2	We like the inviting atmosphere, but the food is just ordinary.
4	This was my first of two buffets that I had in Vegas. I also went to Wicked Spoon and I actually prefer that over the Wynn buffet. This buffet is pretty legit and buffets in the bay CANNOT compare to the Vegas buffets whatsoever. I read reviews on how people got in a bit early and paid for the cheaper brunch buffet and then you get the best of both worlds because you get brunch and they slowly bring in the dinner food. However I didnt know about the timing and missed it by a few minutes. Brunch ends at 3pm and dinner starts at 3:30pm and I came right after 3pm. They close during that half hour so I couldnt pay the weekend brunch price of $31.99 but instead paid for the $39.99 dinner. That sorta sucked because I wanted to try their brunch food as well. There was already a line forming for dinner so we just went in line for that. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and so decorated. It is an explosion of color and flowers when you first enter and I prefer the ambiance here than at Wicked Spoon. It is way bigger and it looks like the food goes on forever and ever. I can go on about all the different foods there are but anything you can think of, they will have it. I had their prime rib and I thought it was pretty good. I am not much of a seafood person but to get the biggest bang for your buck, they have endless crab legs for you. I was more excited about the dessert selection because there were cookies, marshmallows, cakes, candied apples, macarons, tiramisu, and SOO MUCH MORE. I think the photos will give you a better idea of the ridiculous amount of choices you can get. The quality of food is awesome but I just found Wicked Spoon had the upper hand on the selection and quality.  **TIPS**1) Get in at 2:30pm so you can get some brunch and then you will be around for their delicious dinner as well. Cheaper as well!2) Get ready for the food comaaa.3) Enjoy!
2	My first impression upon walking into this buffet was, "gez, they need a remodel". I think the seating area in general looked a bit outdated compared to the other glamorous buffets around the strip. At first glance, the food looked good! However, i wasn't too impressed when I started eating. I was not wowed as I would be when i tried other buffets like at the Cosmo, or even Paris. I would think that Wynn would try to compete with the bigger Casinos when it came to food, but apparently they might be competing with the likes of World Buffet. Their dessert section was kind of embarrassing. I think hometown buffet has a bigger selection than these guys. They had the usual ice cream, cakes, and they had an eye appetizing Candy Apple. I was actually really excited to try the candy apple since it looked like it was the best thing that was being displayed on their dessert selection. I was curious as to why i didn't see one person reach for it, but I soon realised why. It was only made to be an eye pleaser... The candy shell was hard as a ROCK. It's impossible to bite through it, you literally have to take a knife, place the apple on the table, and smack it. And even then, the hard shell barely cracked. I can't believe that they put rock candy on their apple, it was completely inedible. For 3 minutes, i tried cracking the shell with my knife to get to the apple, but I failed. The only thing that I had from that dessert was the rock candy, which wasn't even that good. Overall, not impressed with this $40 buffet. I'd rather go to circus circus and spend 20$ on their comparable buffet and spend the remainder of my money on alcohol.
1	Gross, even for a complimentary buffet. I am glad I did not have to pay for this, but even then it left a nasty taste in my mouth. We went for a Sunday brunch and there was a long line. We got there at 11, and had to wait approximately 30-40 minutes to be seated. Didn't mind that as it was busy -- fair enough. Once we got to the buffet, the selection was horrible. The only thing I liked was the fresh to order pancakes. The Asian was the nastiest. The fried rice were under cooked, the veggies gross. The sushi was the worst ever. There were not many seafood selection -- only salmon (eww), fish cakes and shrimp cocktail. The Italian was so-so. The pasta was cold, but better than other stuff. The desserts were a joke. I can't believe it was a Wynn Buffet -- I expected better.I loved staying at the Wynn and it was a great experience but the Buffet just doesn't compare to other places or is worth the $35 a pop. We had complimentary buffet as part of our stay, other than that, it would have sucked to pay the $$$.
4	I came for breakfast on Monday morning at around 10:30 and it was $20 per person. I would recommend coming around this time if you can because you pay the breakfast price and get to eat both breakfast and lunch! Sodas and juices are included in the price of the buffet as well. My favorite things that I tried were the roasted cauliflower, corn, and mango sorbet. Everything tasted pretty average and nothing really stood out to me taste wise. I personally liked the Wicked Spoon Buffet in the Cosmopolitan better but this buffet is definitely worth a try!
3	Too much hype for this place. The food was good, some sections had a chef to make you something on site, and the food in no doubt is fresh!  it looks big but its just everything is too spaced from each other.The only thing that i did not really like is that the food were foods that i was not sure what they were, not much of a big variety, but indeed they were sophisticated food in buffet format. The seafood section hardly have any seafood just shrimp, clams and crab. I highly recommend the mashed potatoes and the desserts!!! OMG the dessert section was mind blowing!! Sooo many things to eat and try and the Gelato!! OMG delicious!!But other than that i did not believe it was worth the price, they need more food options, i would not return to this place simply because the food did not grab my attention, nor pay like $40 just for desserts.
5	Probably my favorite Vegas buffet........real talk.Wicked Spoon is pretty outstanding as well and it may be recency effect kicking in, but The Buffet was a highlight of the Vegas trip.Lobster ravioli, peking duck buns, masterful prime rib and veal, pre sliced crab legs and copious amounts of plump shrimps...it goes on!It was $43 out the door on Cinco de Mayo for dinner, though there was no special menu or anything like that. No wait at 4 o clock haha.Make sure you wear sleeves though, guys! I was bro-tanking it up with my dudes and we were turned back to get T-shirts/jackets from our car. It's just discrimination against men though as women can go sleeveless...
4	Not my favorite buffet but my experience here was great! We waited in line for about 30 mins to get a table. We were welcomed with such a beautiful sight in their atrium area. It was bright, colorful, and beautifully decorated. The receptionist seated us there but because it was by the entrance where all the people in line can watch you eat, we asked for a different table inside. They were very accomodating and had us moved right away. Food selection was not overwhelming. It was just enough to really enjoy what was good. My favorites are the carving station which had prime rib and a slab of bacon, their orecchiette pasta with pesto and pine nuts, maple fried chicken that went well with their bacon waffles, congee station, and the shrimp cocktail. Around 3pm, they closed the pancake station so I was disappointed I didn't get the chance to try their blueberry corn pancake. But lo and behold, they started changing the dishes for the dinner buffet!! Roasted leg of lamb and turkey was added on to the carving station, pancake station converted to pasta station, the seafood selection widened with the addition of ahi poke salad, fresh oysters and KIng crab legs, while in their dessert area, they opened up a crepe station! For $35, I think it was well worth it! Shoutout to our server who was ever so efficient in getting and refilling our beverages and taking our dirty plates away. I wish I had gotten his name. But God bless you! Tip: Steer clear from their sushi and hot asian dishes. Not impressive at all. Save space for the other better dishes on the buffet.
3	Quick rundown: Fantastic atmosphere, very fast service (on a Sunday night), only drawback was the food.My friend and I arrive at around 7pm to a decent sized line with about a 30 minute wait. Something tells me had we shown up 30 minutes to an hour earlier we could've walked in no problem because within 10 minutes the line had grown significantly behind us.Price was about $80 for the two of us, including free (non-alcoholic) drink refills and coffee. The waiters were very attentive about it, usually making it over just after I emptied my glass.As for the atmosphere, it's absolutely gorgeous. When you first walk in, the place is literally decked out in flowers, with a very springtime feel. Many restaurants I go to tend to keep the lights dim, but it was very well lit here, making the colors of the flowers stand out even more. Don't worry about being dressy. However a sign stated that all shirts had to have sleeves (for men at least).As for the workers, some were more outgoing than others, but for the most part I was greeted by anyone who I walked past. The guys serving food (especially dessert) were all friendly and chatty, even offering suggestions.Now for the food: It wasn't all that bad, but considering I hinge my buffet experience on the food, I was pretty disappointed. There were a couple of standouts, mostly in the seafood section. Crab legs (WERE ALREADY OPENED AND PERFECTLY CUT), clams were delicious, and sushi was fantastic but very small selection. The BBQ ribs were so tender that they literally melted in my mouth, so amazing, only wish there was more sauce on them. The veal was to die for! If you eat nothing else there, have the veal. The rest of selection however didn't thrill me. There was hummus but the pita bread was (ehh). There were small Asian & Mexican sections (egg roll, tamales [kinda dry in my opinion], burritos, etc). There was also a very tender, yet poorly seasoned beef brisket. Really, you NEED to have a sauce with it. Moving down there was decent meatloaf, disappointing lasagna as well as some other Italian food, pastas, etc. Nothing or that stood out. Finally there were oysters (ok) and some really dry salmon (such a disappointment). Besides that, there was tons of bread but most of it seemed as if it had been out all day, and then a huge selection of cold cuts if you wanted to make a sandwich and tons of toppings, which brings me to my next point:WHERE WAS THE CHEESE? I don't know if it's just me, but I like to have something cheesy every once in a while. Especially if I go to the buffet, but there was a distinct lack of cheese in everything there, even the Italian food. I was really, really turned off by this.As for the desserts, there were tons of choices served tapas style. Small portions of cakes, etc. so that you could try out a lot of different flavors. Unfortunately, most of them weren't all that good. The cakes were dry and lacked sweetness. Even the rice krispies were hardened as if they'd been left to sit for hours. The things you definitely want to try in the dessert section are the sorbet, which was scrumptious, and the warm brownie with almonds. Throw some ice cream on top and the mixture of warm brownie and cold ice cream just makes my heart smile.Very interesting note: They had these fruit cups with alcohol in them. Pretty awesome. One of them was watermelon with tequila in it. The other was pineapples with malibu rum and coconut shavings. I hate coconut, but I loved this.What's crazy is that it sounds like I ate a lot. I'm 5'10 165lbs, so I'm not a big person. My friend is about my size, just a bit taller. We actually finished trying just about everything and still had quite a bit of room left. I polished off a few more of those crab legs because I was still in amazement i could just pick large chunks of meat out with a fork. He tackled some more sorbet and we called it a night. We left there fairly satisfied with our fullness, but partially disappointed at the meal.Tipped the waiters pretty handsomely though because they were awesome the whole night.
4	We actually came here twice, once for dinner, and again for lunch. We really liked dinner so we were actually hoping that lunch would something different and good too, but it was really the same food so the second time was a little disappointing, mostly because we wanted some new stuff. That being said, we did come a second time because we really liked their food and atmosphere, service is alright and there wasn't too much of a line either times that we went. So to the foods:Peking duck has too much Hoisin so you should probably ask for it on the side if you want it.Crab legs were good, they're cut in half so it's easier to eat.Tuna ceviche was good the first time we went, though tasted like it'd been sitting out too long the second.Fried turkey was GOOOD. Like really. Go get it.Beef shanks was good according to the bf, I'm not much of a red meat person.Prime rib was also REALLY good according to the people we went with.Corn with lime chili was yummy but I really just like corn. I don't remember what else but there's a whole room for desserts!! And an ice cream guy too. Lots of cookies and normal stuff though, nothing to rave about.Oh and dinner was around 40 and lunch was 26 I think
5	I'm not a buffet fan but this one tops it on all of them...all you can eat lamb chops?? You can't go wrong with that..
5	Truly amazing buffet.  As good as it gets IMO.  I totally feel like I'm in a ritzy restaurant instead of a buffet.   Everything that I had was amazing, including the desserts.  I grew up in LV, so I've had my fair share of crap buffets.  This buffet is amazing.  Loved everything I ate.  Hope to be back soon when I come to visit.
3	This place truly was huge.  Different sections for types of cuisine...Italian, seafood, salad, etc.Nothing here, as hard as it is to say, was amazing.  Not one item I had (and I got like 7 plates, don't worry I didn't finish single item, I just sampled a lot) blew me away enough to feel like I should go back for seconds....and I felt like I should have felt that way.The prime rib was quite good though.The salads looked great, the tomato bisque was delicious, the sausages were also worth noting.The lasagne was too quite tasty, and maybe the closest thing worth going back for.The sushi I skipped at the recommendation on many others here and after looking at it I can see why.The civiche options were okay but not amazing.  The crab legs were okay, but being cut already in half makes it look/feel like there is way less meat and it's really hard to ever feel like you got a lot.  The drawn butter was not even warm...how is that possible!?The shrimp was fantastic, but how hard is it to make something raw taste like it should?The servers were all very very nice and quite quick as others have mentioned.All in all, I would not come back, and rather try Wicked Spoon over this place.  It was like a higher end Home Town Buffett and that's not the kind of feeling you want to come away with after shelling out nearly $40 for dinner....each.
4	Aboslutely wonderful!  I think I'm still full and I ate here three days ago.  It's impossible not to fill up here with SO many options.  There was a red snapper dish on the buffet that day that I literally could have eaten pounds of (maybe I did)!  The Asian selections were quite good.  Lots of Italian options as well.  And, do you like meat?  Well, you'll not find the Buffet lacking   in protein options...three types of sausages, flank steak, pork roast.  What a feast!
4	Haiku ReviewYou! The hungry one!Be careful! Take small portions!Try everything!Go at 3:30And you can eat lunch, and stayfor some great dinnerThe interioris not as impressive assome reviewers sayOne bit of this andone bite of that. I am full.Then go back for more!
2	Spend the extra 10.00 and go to Bacchanal.  Really.The layout of this buffet is not patron friendly.  I was almost ran over several times, felt like frogger trying to get back to my table,  We went for a brunch arrived at 10:30 on a busy Sunday.  They should be on their A game, not so much.Food was dry and flavorless.    Dessert options were very, very limited.  Not impressed, at all.Really, Bacchanal. Its the BEST buffet around.
5	this review is in a crossword puzzle format. i'm not messing with the formatting any more.the buffet at the wynnd b s g e l b a r c i  o s w h s b e j e g g n f s k r w o r c e y s s s u z t s e  u  i   r x s k a a t m e e u w l g r   l m u h n f y o v n o t a s h  d d s k f n o e n l i l g f t c p y g r f w o f s l h h o n l r y a k y u o d e t f c p a a i x i n a j g b r d r s n g s c a n v v e s r k r u i j e s e x l x c l w n a v n h p l x y x e v a b l w b m z h d e r m v v v  i   t a l i a   n z n a o b t i   f j  p q m gj h p t p v q r v e g a n f r i e n d l y u best on stripchinesecrab legselegantflowersitalianpriceyrivals bellagioseafoodsteve wynnvegan friendlyworld class
5	This buffet is definitely one of the best on the strip. I have ate at the bellagio buffet and the display is nicer but the cost is more as well. I love the variety! You can add unlimit mimomas and such for $15 extra which we definitely got our money's worth. I would recommend this $19.99 breakfast buffet to anyone!
4	Very good, not cheap, but not unreasonable either.  We sat near the seafood station and I just kept getting up to get the crab and shrimp and mussels for both my husband and I.  The one deterent is the stations are all over, you don't necessarily see them all, and that may be planned, but very nice overall.  It is a shame one cannot eat so much as to visit every station...
4	They had such a wide variety of cool and new foods, along with the normals. I went for brunch, well worth it. I mean I didnt eat again that day. I recommend the 15 dollar all you can drink, the mimosa's were excellent. I would definately go back here. So much to pick from on the buffet that you couldnt possibly try it all.
5	Great place to eat, BEST buffet to eat gluten free.  Chef Richard came out and walked my fiance through the entire buffet item by item to let her know what all she could eat.  He didn't make us feel rushed, or like he had anything else more important to do.  It was so nice to feel like it wasn't an inconvenience at all.  We went for brunch and we were both very happy with everything we got, (they even had gluten free made to order pancakes).  We happened to go a little later in the morning, so the lunch items started coming out before we left.  Crab Legs for dessert?  Yes please!  Just be prepared to wait in line, this place is popular!
4	Haiku ReviewYou! The hungry one!Be careful! Take small portions!Try everything!Go at 3:30And you can eat lunch, and stayfor some great dinnerThe interioris not as impressive assome reviewers sayOne bit of this andone bite of that. I am full.Then go back for more!
3	I came here for brunch on a Sunday. Despite the 1 hour line, gf and I we ready to chow down.I really enjoyed the seeming Alice in Wonderland inspired design. The selection was pretty good as well.Otherwise, I wasn't really wowed by the food.
4	Enjoyed our brunch here at wynn - impressed with the food choices (omelet stations, carving stations, asian station that has lugaw/congee!, etc etc). also their coffee is good and strong, just the way i like it.  i didnt get to try everything, but i thought it would be worth a dinner visit...
4	Went today with friend for the Brunch Buffet, the food was real good very fresh and service was good too.  My only item was the the lady taking the payment at the check counter was grumpy and had the wrost attitude.  It wasn't busy it was rather slow and there was no one in line and she barked at us and was down right rude!  We will go back for the food, beward of the mean lady in her sixy's with the glass, she will chew your head off, make sure you have correct change or you have you stations card out and ready because she will chew your head off!
4	This is like the third time Ive been to Wynn.  Tried lunch and dinner.  Ive always really liked the prime rib, crabs, shrimp and desserts.  Had the peking duck with steamed buns and they were pretty good.  I  was a bit bummed about the flavor for the crawfish, mussels and clams.  A bummer for my friend was the fried chicken.
5	Amazing for $40/person. Giant king crab legs, big shrimp cocktails and a full room of desert. I am a petite person. It was way to much food. I skipped the salad station, the meat station, sushi station, pasta station, cheese station, the soup station and even fresh fruit.
5	The Buffet at the Wynn does not have the highest number of selections.  Which is great, because pretty much everything they serve is really good.  It's a buffet, so how much can you really eat.  I much rather just eat a few really good dishes than a bunch of mediocre dishes.  My favorite dish by far was the Kalbi Flank Steak, it had the kalbi flavor I like in korean short ribs, but in a really tender steak.  I would pay top dollar at a high end restaurant just for that flank steak.  Overall, for buffets, I think the Wynn and Wicked Spoon are the top 2 places in Vegas right now.
5	We went on a Sunday night and got in immediately.
1	poor buffet that I've had in US ever.bad & slow service, no sea food dish , hard unfresh bread, too salty salad.There is nothing to be happy27$ lunch is really bad deal.
1	The wait is simply ridiculous!
5	ALL YOU CAN EAT PRE-SHELLED ALASKAN KING CRAB LEGS, SAY WHATTTTT?!?!Oh yeah, and there's other food too....For $38!!  What a deal!We got there about 9pm which I thought would be late and uncrowded for dinner, but there was still a line!  (The city that never sleeps, am I right?)  We waited about 15 minutes and were seated at a cute little table for two.Me and my BF had planned way before we ever set foot in Vegas that we would eat here, but eat ONLY CRAB for maximum enjoyment and value.  As such, we quickly scanned the buffet lines for anything that looked worthwhile...I picked up a few pieces of sushi for carbs...he got some prime rib...and bee-lined straight to the crab station!  We piled high a full plate of crab legs each, poured ourselves some hot melted butter, and took an additional plate for all the shells.Now the FANTASTIC thing about THESE crab legs from THIS buffet is not only that they're Alaskan King Crab....but they're also pre-sliced, in half, down the middle.  That means no shelling, cracking, digging, biting, griping, complaining, etc.And we feasted!  And when we were finished, we went back to the buffet for another heaping plate of crab legs each, and of course, more hot butter.  When we got back to our table we noticed that our dirty plates had been cleared away!  Yay for service!  And we feasted some more!I don't have to explain how delicious the crab was because everyone already knows.  I will say, however, that the sushi was nothing special, and anything else that my BF tried at the buffet he described as mediocre.  CRAB is the only way to go here, baby!In the end, my BF went to get some desserts, while I basked in all my crab-eating glory and relished the final taste of crab and butter in my mouth.  No dessert required for me!  We tipped generously and left on our merry way, happy, beyond satiated, and ready to swear off crab for a full month.
5	Exuberant, extravagant, extraordinary..exiting, X- a lottaX-o with a little bit of ecstasy. And what's the recipe?! Lol ok my peeps enough snoop dogg----this is not you're ordinary buffet, The food here is high quality stuff guys. The fish is so juicy and tender i wish all fish taste like that..and the meat...the meat!!!..medium well...well well well....this was some ddelicious meat my peeps...yes delicious with two D's....from kobe beef to sirloin grade A. And if u have a sweet tooth well..leave some room for dessert! I didn't even want to eat my cheese cake..it looked so well put together it was almost a shame to have to eat it..until I ate it and grabbed another ...and with no remorse I demolished it. Hands down the best buffet.All you can eat crab legs!!!! Que Que whaaaaatt?! ?
2	The Buffet at Wynn lags far behind it's peers (my own points of comparison being the Bellagio, Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace, and even Aria) in both variety of selection and quality of food.  For Sunday brunch ($34.58), the Fried Brown Rice with Edamame, Steamed Pork Buns, and Maple Bacon at the carving station were highlights.  I even appreciated the Mini-Waffles that had smaller-sized grooves that give a much better texture than the more usual quarter-Belgian waffle (such as the one at Bacchanal).  A major disappointment was the lack of any version of Eggs Benedict, somewhat surprising as breakfast the next day at Terrace Point Cafe featured a trio of of Eggs Benedict variations.  The puff pastry in the Bacon and Sweet Pea Tart lacks any fluffiness, and while Waffle Batter Fried Chicken sounds like an incredible idea, it does not translate into any particularly distinctive taste.  A regular piece of fried chicken would have been much better.  The Bakery/Dessert area--almost easy to miss even though it's at the center of the buffet--had a halfway decent oversized Croissant (the same that is served at Terrace Point and the Encore Lobby lounge for breakfast).Dinner seemed to be even more limited in terms of available choices.  The distinctive  characteristic of the Wynn buffet is the increased use of food stations (i.e., where somebody prepares and/or serves you food).  I liked the Roast Duck Bun station, but not the Gelato Ice Cream Sandwich Station (where the cookies were much too hard and the gelato much too soft to really maintain any semblance of sandwich form).  I did appreciate the carving station, where I asked for a thick cut of prime rib and was surprisingly rewarded with a 1.25" cut of meat.Overall, The Buffet at Wynn is not an overly terrible place to eat.  You'll still get a lot of food and relatively acceptable service from the waitstaff.  Also, the line at The Buffet seemed a lot more reasonable than I've experienced at the other casino resorts.  But having dined at some of those other buffets, The Buffet at Wynn is a classic Yelp 2-star "Meh.  I've experienced better."
4	This experience was for Brunch on Fathers Day. I anticipated a long line but it was only 25 minutes to get seated. The Buffet is what one expects from Steve Wynn. Elegant and High Quality. The atrium at the entrance with flowers everywhere sets the stage. The dining areas are brightly lit , comfortable seating and tables well spaced. Service was friendly and attentive. Plates were removed on a timely basis.The variety of food is extensive. There is something for everyones taste. To many items to mention but here are few that stand out.. Fried Chicken, Prime Rib, Fried Brown Rice with Edamame, large selection of Sushi. Being seated near the Prime Rib station, I noticed they served 2 entire roasts while we were there. Save some room for desserts. The choices are vast.The Buffet at Wynn has the WOW factor. I am a Fan!!
2	I don't like Buffet at my hotel so I come here for dinner and feel sad.Don't read reviews from anyone go to see by yourself.6/18/13
3	The oysters seemed dry and the Asian food is mediocre but the meat is amazing. The desserts are really good too.
2	Definitely not worth the price. Yes there were tons of choices but what buffet doesn't have variety. Question is...do they deliver? And deliver they didn't!Oh Mr Wynn...where oh where did the quality go here?  please get rid of that awful waffle-battered fried chicken and what is up with the purple colored prime rib?  The prime rib should be the showstopper for most buffets, but The Buffet got it all wrong. Crab legs looked plentiful from afar but once you get up to the station for your pickings, there's nothing but slim pickings.  And I see steamed is not an option huh - for the price we pay?!?And please teach your service folks to do other things and not just stand 4 feet away along the wall watching diners' every move - it was so awkward having her walk up to our table right when we place our utensils down - dang lady, give us some space to breath or something...get more drinks, don't ask if we would like another drink...who only needs one drink during a buffet dinner???  If the glass is empty, fill it up!Head over to PH, Cosmo, MGM or The M Resort - neither of those have ever disappointed.After such a failure at Bellagio buffet and now Wynn buffet - I've lost all faith in these so called 5-start resort buffets.Years ago, this place was awesome - too bad this last trip was the end of that.
4	We ate at The Buffet twice, once for Brunch and once for Dinner (Saturday). On Saturday, the oysters were mediocre (as is to be expected from buffet oysters), as were a few other items, but the variety and breadth of options more than made up for the few sub-par choices. The roast beef was phenomenal, as was the lamb. The tequila watermelon cups were excellent, the Peking duck was excellent, and overall, we were impressed with the quality and quantity of items offered at the buffet.On Sunday, for Brunch, many of the options were very similar than the ones for the dinner the night before. The roast beef was excellent once again and nicely complimented by a carved bacon. The pancake station offered unique blue corn (as well as buttermilk) pancakes, and we were thoroughly impressed. The buffet is expensive, but the options really do seem to warrant the high prices.
3	I've experienced bad and good buffets.  But buffets tend to be somewhat the same: massive amounts of food, lots of selection, all cold by the time you get back to your table to eat.  We went to the Wynn buffet last night and I think my expectations got the better of me. Don't get me wrong, the buffet had a lot of variety -but again, most of the buffets in Vegas do.  And the food selection was ok too...though, why would you go to a Vegas buffet to eat thin crust pizza?  I tried things that I normally wouldn't get, or wanted to compare.  That being said, I liked their roasted duck on a bun with hoison sauce, along with their pork buns.  Their veal short rib was meh, as was their cold crab legs.  The crab legs are really the same as everyone else and not anything to write home about.  Of the things that I ate, nothing was mind blowing or so fantastic that I craved to go again.  The dessert selection might be a tad better than the Bellagio per say, but honestly, for the price and hype, it fell short of expectations.  Maybe it was because it was Tuesday night?  I don't know.  It just didn't have the wow factor I thought it would.  May have to try the buffet at Caesar's to compare in October.  Either way, go for yourself and judge.  Who knows, maybe it will do for you what it didn't do for me.
3	My husband and I were staying at the Venetian, vacationing in Vegas for the first time. We wanted to try some of the best buffets. We came here based on the Yelp reviews.We came for dinner on a Sunday evening around 5pm. We walked from the Venetian to the Wynn. Didn't take long. However, we waited in line for about 15 minutes. Compared to the Wicket Spoon, this place didn't have enough variety. It also wasn't as big, hence the wait. The food was good however.The decor is beautiful when you first come in to the restaurant. The Wynn is a beautiful place overall. Reminded me of something from Alice and Wonderland. I recommend The Buffet, but try the Wicket Spoon as well.
5	I've been reading some of the many 3 star or less reviews and I must say that I am flabbergasted by the unwarranted criticism. Not only did this buffet meet my lofty expectations, it blew them away. The decor is spectacular. The hotel is as classy as they come (you can buy a Ferrari for crying out loud). And, the food. My god the food! I've never in my life had such delicious cuisine. What I ate:I started with a salad. It was some kind of kale concoction. I'm not usually a salad man, but this was really quite good. After whetting my appetite, I headed to the soup section. I tried the chicken soup which was delectable. I then proceeded to the sliced meats area where I picked up some prosciutto. It was pleasant. From there I visited the seafood section. I tried some fish which wasn't mind-blowing, but was still perfectly edible. However, I also had a seafood pot-pie which was exceptional. The flaky crust was complimented by a subtle cream sauce that made this dish a favorites for me.Having tried seafood, I stopped at the Italian area where I tried the cracked egg and ham pizza, and lasagna. Both were to die for. The pizza may not sound appetizing, but believe you me, it is.From there I continued my gluttonous tour by visiting the sushi/crab area. I picked up a bit of tempura shrimp and a mound of crab legs. The sushi was merely adequate. But the crab legs were amazing. I could honestly have eaten 2 or 3 more plates full. Finally, I discovered the dessert area. I began this stage with an ice cream sandwich. But this was no ordinary ice cream sandwich. The mint chocolate chip gelato (one of many gelatos on offer) was placed between two gourmet chocolate chip cookies that tasted like heaven. Next I sampled their creme brulee. It was made to perfection. I also had a cream puff, some vanilla gelato, and a bit of carrot cake. All of these were of high quality as well. Now, I know what you're thinking. This man couldn't possibly have eaten all that! I assure you that I did. I am 6'3" with an appetite to match my stature. Honestly, I could have eaten much more, so delicious was the food. But, I didn't want to make any more of a spectacle of myself. All in all the experience was phenomenal. As for the reviewers giving negative feedback, I can only surmise that their expectations are completely unrealistic.
3	I don't understand how all of these buffets that are supposed to be the best are just mediocre...Everything had too much salt, take the lasagna, really good, if not for all the salt.  The best thing on the buffet were the crab legs!  If only they would serve them warm.  Probably the best buffet crab legs I've had, and the funny thing is they were that good because they weren't salty like most buffet crab?  They also had really great guacamole, yes, I ate chips and guac at a freakin buffet, and it was one of the other best things I had.  Oh, and the deserts were pretty tasty too, except for the lackluster crepes, and lack of desert variety.
4	I've been to The Buffet three times for brunch in the past year and haven't been disappointed.  Yes, this place is a bit on the pricey side for a buffet, but this isn't your typical deep-fried buffet.  The decorations, atmosphere, and of course the food are a well-crafted, opulent experience that will please all of your senses.  We've come to expect nothing less from Wynn.  Unfortunately the button that fastens your pants will be FURIOUS!!If you're not an early riser (like some of us in Vegas) you should expect long lines, or splurge for the VIP treatment.  In my experience the line is shorter, you'll be seated closer to the buffet line, and includes a complimentary mimosa because clearly you didn't have enough to drink the night before.  What the heck? You deserve it right??
3	Wow...is it just us or has the quality of the food (and service) gone downhill? It took a good 10mins for our waiter to provide us drinks which is forever in buffet terms, and the food selections were just ok as compared to my previous five star review. I was fully expecting another great experience but sadly we won't go out of our way to come here again. Too bad.
4	Line is long, but the food is good and the service is great. There is an overwhelming amount of food options, so you won't leave hungry. The small center dining area is very beautiful, so try to get in there. The best area was the dessert section of course ;)
4	I enjoyed their interior, food and taste. Nothing can go wrong with this place.
1	Truly disappointed with this place.We came here on Sunday at 2:45pm to wait in line. 3 of us in my group had to use the restroom, when we tried to come back to join our friends at 3:02 the hostess says with an attitude the line is closed at 3. Seriously lady??? After that another patron came after us just goes in line after telling her she just went to the restroom. Uh hello??? We just told you the same thing. After I tried to reason with her, she then tells me my friends has to pay for us before we can go in. WTF?!?!? You just let that girl cut in front of me right in my face, and now you're just giving me a bunch of bullshit excuses. After we finally got to go back in line, another lady tells my friend he cant wear a tank top here. Are you freaking serious?!?! I didnt know this is a michelin starred restaurant, its a freaking buffet. Luckily one of my friend was staying upstairs so he was able to change. And of course to top it off after we got in half the guys were wearing tank tops.The food was ok, good selection decent quality. But god damn train your hostess.
3	Came here for Sunday brunch and was totally under-whelmed. $34 and change for bunch of mediocre stuff. The best item was the carving table. Prime rib and pork belly  were excellent. Unfortunately, everything else went down hill. The meager selection of sushi was a joke. Looking for snow crab leg and rack of lamb ? Wait til dinner time. They only have cocktail shrimp during brunch. No lamb. The dessert however was fantastic. Nice selection and all very tasty. The wine selection was a joke. The price charged for a glass of wine is exactly the market price for a bottle. Beer go for about $6-7.5 a bottle. Yes, you can buy a six pack  for the price of one beer. Don't want to get ripped off ? Don't drink alcoholic beverage. Not trying to be a cheapskate or anything, but 400 % mark up for wine and 500-600 % mark up for beer is just not acceptable. Unfortunately this seems to be the norm in a lot of Vegas restaurants now days.Service was great. Drink orders promptly delivered. Empty plates disappeared prompto. The wife asked why drop 20 % tip for a buffet. Well, the service was good, and they earned it.
4	I had lunch here with 2 others for $26 on a Monday and I didn't realize I've been here before until I saw the decor. haha We came around 3p to stick around for dinner, when all the seafood and crab legs come out. For a lunch price and to get all that food it was a good deal.The quality of food was good, both times. I think it's better than the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. There was a large variety of food all of which were good. Usually, at Vegas buffets, the sushi is crap, but at the Buffet, the sushi was pretty decent. The stalls in the restrooms are similar to private rooms, so you can do your business in semi-privacy. You'll load up on food, mull around for an hour, chat it up, unload the load you just put in, then load up again. haha
2	Wow. An hour plus wait in the queue and big disappointment in experience. The flowers were more pleasant than the actual edibles.Besides the flawless prime rib, bacon waffles, a Chinese shrimp panko spring roll,and an outstanding buttermilk maple fried chicken ( perfect), I was not terribly impressed.Sushi hard core sucked. Desserts were not good inside of the middle room. a rich chocolate shotglass passable. shotglass cheesecake also an Eh. But the cardamom pistachio creme anglaise and the tapioca pudding were outstanding ( found next to the sushi, oddly enough).Weekend brunch ends at 3pm. $33 a head. Steep and not worth it for the quality of food presented.No crab legs. No Cajun seafood this past Sunday. Bum deal.Wicked Spoon faaaaar surpasses The Buffet! And that's my foodie four cents' worth!
5	The food is as good as it gets!!! I'm in love with this place from the quick line to the awesome awesome service! I love the sushi. Try this place
4	OMGCRABLEG.It's one of the fancier buffets on the strip. Crab legs that have been pre-cut-in-half for you, so you have easy access to the tasty meat? Check. Oysters for days? Check. Made-to-order crepe bar for dessert? Check.I think what really sets this buffet apart from the lesser ones is the attention to detail in each dish. Nothing is half-assed. Case in point: the tequila mint watermelon. Yes, they even took the effort of dressing up watermelon with some good ol' alchy, and turned it into one of my favorite things from the buffet.One note: they won't allow guys in with exposed shoulders, so leave those tank tops in your room and wear a t-shirt, at least.
1	SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT!We were debating between this buffet and the Wicked Spoon and decided to give this one a shot. Came on a Tuesday for lunch... maybe thats part of the mistake but that shouldn't be an excuse any time a buffet with this high of reviews should be consistent across the board.We sat down waited 20 minutes for drinks then once we got them went to get food... As soon as we came back they cleared our table. This happened twice.The food: I had high hopes and was excited for a buffet. I have been to bellagio and caesars buffets previously. Me and my man started to fill plates... we didn't like anything we ate. The only thing that was good was the italian meats salami mortadella etc but still bland with just the bread... how about some tomatoes, olives etc to go with it?!SO many things we tried and did not retry. Some things we even spat out. After about 20 minutes and the inability to make a plate of ANYTHING we liked... we started to give up. Even the pizza tasted like frozen. I liked the pizza I got at 3 AM on the strip way better. We went to the dessert room to find about 5 prepared desserts, ice cream, bread pudding, and that was it... SO PATHETIC for a las vegas buffet. Instead of putting desserts we looked at each other and thought how our local town buffet is even better... so disappointing.At that point I spoke to a manager and got a full refund. We both left hungry and disappointed in the quality of the food. What vegas buffet serves fried turkey and fatty chewy hanger steak as their meat choices?? The steak was so fatty it couldnt even be chewed. BLAHHHHSUCH A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!
5	I can say this buffet is the second best in Vegas!  The luxurious and beautiful scenery and a lot of options for your appetite.  I love their deserts and everything about this place.  Definitely a good place to eat and to have a nice interior dining view of their restaurants.
3	It was ok. I went for weekday brunch and Wynn paid half of the meal. There was nothing terrible and nothing exceptional. If you have a sweet tooth, I think wicked spoon has better selections.
1	The WORST buffet I ever had. I went on July 7th. They charge $47 for lunch. However, they only offer all the cheap dishes such as pancake, ham, eggs, dumping and roll. No seafood. No sushi. They make people wait outside even though there are plenty of empty seats inside. They do his to make people think it's popular. I will NEVER go to this buffet again. Terrible........
4	We arrived around 11am on Sunday, maybe a 10 minute wait in line.  Was seated promptly after paying.  Order for drinks was taken quickly though I had gotten food long before water came (that's why I bring my bottle of water to avoid the choking incidents associated with slow drink service).  The food was awesome, for the price it's one of the best.
1	Didn't even get to go into the place because we were not allowed in because we were wearing tank tops. The lady followed it up by letting us know that they sell T-shirts for $15. $55 for a buffet? No thanks. It was 115 degrees outside and I was not going to wear a shirt!! Thanks but no thanks Wynn. You let myself and my friends down.
3	If we had paid the regular rate for this buffet, I think we would have been a lot happier with it. Unfortunately for us, we tried it on July 4th weekend, which cost $50/person. The food was good, but not $50 good.My boyfriend loved the tuna poke and we both really liked the lobster pot pie. Dessert also had some highlights, like mini tres leches cake and the peanut butter bar.A big downside was the oyster selection. My boyfriend got 4 raw oysters, and 2 were bad. One was covered in sand and one was just plain rotten. He was too wary to go back for more.Overall...meh.
3	When you paid 40 per person and has to dressed in business casual you expect the buffet to be mind-blowing and magnificent right? Well, the buffet in Wynn is not even close to great. I know it has countless crab legs and amazing steak and maybe good dessert? People, don't listen to the tourist's review and ask locals. They will tell you Caesar palace and Aria's buffet are so much better. Seriously, I expected to have more choices than a mid-size room full of smartly-cooked-for-rip off level food. I spent 40 dollars to have 500 entrees at bellagio, real king crab legs at aria and top-notch grill at Bacchanal. If you are too hungry to move or just want to admire the "legend", don't held your expectation too high or you will be disappointed.
5	Best buffet for dinner compared with Bellagio's and Wicked Spoon buffet.More variety, the only one with rib eye, the best desserts.My wife is VEGETARIAN and she loved too.
1	"Perfect Place to Get Ill!"Received a comp when we checked in at the Wynn hotel and used it the last day of our stay. OMG! The food was absolutely terrible. If you want to feast on grease, food oozing with fat and pastries that taste a few days old this is the perfect place to go. Both my husband and I are used to very fresh fruit, breads and dishes made from wholesome ingredients. This place provided nothing that even resembled fresh. If you don't care what your food looks like or even tastes like then this is the place for you. Recommend anyone with a palate stay clear of this place. Visited July 2013
4	High class buffet in Vegas. You should dress accordingly (Gentlemen: no sleeveless, Ladies: opaque coverups). It's worthwhile and #2 on the top 5 buffets in Vegas (from what I read)! Not the typical buffets you eat anywhere and probably the only buffet I like to eat at. There are a few things that are delicious and not so delicious, the dessert bar never fails me! Few notable items to eat at this buffet are the Alaskan crab legs (when it's available), Prime Rib, Venison, and Red Snapper w/ Sweet Chile Cream Sauce. The sushis are okay but you should avoid them because you can eat better sushi elsewhere (Like at Makino). Most of the desserts are delicious! I mostly enjoy eating the vanilla bean gelato, chocolate/peanut butter rectangle, and chocolate chip cookies. Mmm there's always room for dessert!On the downside, it's quite a pricey place to eat at ($45 per person), the line could be long (about 20-45 minute wait, VIP line takes you straight to a table for $20 extra or something from what I remember), and the people don't refill your drinks very often. If you really want to have a good time at this buffet, take every item from the dessert bar and just try them all out (take a bite out of each)! If you don't like some of the dessert they offer, o well! Just get more of the desserts you like. #TreatYoSelf! You're paying $45 to get in so enjoy! :)
1	I called and asked if they had alaskan king crab legs, the worker said yes and when I showed up, they only had snow crabs.  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.  The only thing that was good was the prime rib, everything else was only mediocre at best. This place has gone downhill.  4 years ago this was the best buffet in Vegas.  WILL NOT RETURN.
4	Located inside the Wynn Hotel, I enjoyed The Buffet very much.Arriving right when they opened, there was no wait. The snow crab legs were excellent! So sweet and naturally buttery. The prime rib was such a succulent piece of  meat. Juicy, tender, add the au jus plus mash potatoes. YUM! I didn't get to try the maple fried chicken but my party did not like the taste of it. They said it was too sweet. I felt there was not options here but I seriously ate a fair share of crab legs and prime rib. Definitely got my monies worth. The dessert offerings are decent but I don't have much of a sweet tooth. I'd come here again.-Give it a try! p.s.: Don't come here when you are drunk, you'll slip into a MAJOR food coma right after. Trust me.
3	Just an average Vegas buffet. They do have good customer service and a wide variety of foods and desserts. For the price, it is only a 3 star buffet.
4	My most recent visit to The Buffet at Wynn was on 7/14. I've literally been here a few dozen times; I'm pretty much a regular player in the poker room (best room by far!), so this is basically free cafeteria food -- 1st world problems :)Well, the food quality for a buffet is great. Rarely is the food not fresh, but it does happen once in awhile. The decor is beautiful, and the food stations are kept clean and presentable. Most of the hostesses are quite friendly. While the food is great, the selections are limited compared to my favorite buffets: the Bellagio and Rio. The service is hit or miss. Most of the time it's decent to excellent, but on my latest visit, not one refill. Quite disappointing for a 5-star resort and a $40 buffet. If I had actually paid for the meal, I probably wouldn't come back for a long while. I do appreciate the good waiters/waitresses that have treated me very well over the years (Nicole is one of the best!), however I think it's time to take a break for now.Overall 3.5 but rounded up since I'm a little biased -- the Wynn is my favorite casino to hang out at, and includes my favorite poker room.
5	When I stayed at the Wynn this past weekend, they gave us complementary meals at the buffet so why not try it. When we got there around 11, there was already a line but it was not too long. Plus the areas was decorated very nicely so it wasn't a bore to look at. The food here is basically a high quality version of other vegas buffets. The food was good. Service was good. I came during brunch, so they had a lot of breakfast food. The salad bar was big, lots of varieties. Dessert was great. They had my favorite dessert cake (tres leches) in shot glass size cup, which i liked because that prevented me from getting too much. Overall, this place was great. I'd come here next time even if it wasn't free. a must try if you live at the wynn or encore.
3	The Buffet was a nice choice for our first buffet experience in Las Vegas.We went on a weekday for lunch, so there was no line. The decor in the place is really beautiful and airy; reminded me of an upscale English cottage with the color scheme. Although it's a buffet, you still get table service (for drinks and such), so you'll have to tip extra if you do actually order something. The food itself was ok, but lacking something in my opinion. We scoured the pictures on here before coming and it all looked amazing. While the food all looked pretty and there was a large selection to choose from, it wasn't as tasty as I had hoped. I'm more of a quality over quantity kind of person. Of course, I still ate enough to feed an army. Hey, it's a buffet. Lunch on a Monday ran about $50 for the two of us. Add $10 drinks each with tip for the table service, it was too much for a Monday buffet lunch. It was a nice experience and left us in satisfying food comas, but I'll probably try a different buffet next time I'm in town.
4	I have been to this buffet at least a dozen times and three times in the past week.  In my opinion, compared to a year ago, there were a few more "misses" with dishes than before.  Since it's a buffet, if the salmon is dry, you just don't eat it, but it was still disappointing as I am used to loving everything on my plate.  The best things are the cold large shrimp (peeled) and crab legs (cut open lengthwise).  Note that these two items were NOT available at lunch time, only at dinner ... and there is a large price difference.  The prime rib was also only available at dinner.  I think the shrimp used to be offered at lunch and it SHOULD be available at lunch time, so felt a little gyped at that time of day.  I like that there are items that are unusual but still approachable enough that even the fainter of heart might try it ... tequila watermelon salad, venison meatloaf, kale and jicama salad with blue cheese and grapes, ham and broken egg pizza, hot salami,  and so forth.  There are enough options to go more than once and still have many new and interesting things to sample.  You MUST save room for dessert.  Trust me on this.  This is one of the few buffets where the desserts are as good as they look and the sugar on the creme brulle is still solid.  They have some interesting choices here too, like candy apples and mini cupcakes.  If you are picky about your calorie intake, then I suggest the buffet at Luxor which is second in horribleness only to the Sahara (which is now demolished).
3	The meats are fabulous but I'm a fan of seafood so I was extremely disappointed to be given rotting oysters. All-in-all nothing spectacular here.I've had better luck at Harrah's buffets (they do the buffet of buffets). World Buffet at Rio and Bacchanal at Caesar's are much better. Better food and greater selection.
1	Big disappointment.  I was expecting quality food.  The food was average.  Variety is not.  Service was bad.  Even the dessert did not taste good for us.  Price was very expensive.  I would have rather gone to Golden Corral (a bit exaggerated but given difference in prices, I would).
5	Great food, awesome buffet. I wish the crab legs were hot though.  Cold legs are just meh!
4	The Food there is not Astonishing, but Decent.  Not as much selections as I thought, nor expected since this is one of the best Buffet places in Vegas according to the reviews.  The most eye opening selection there was the "Polish susage" (best I ever had).  Prime rib is tender, just like other 5 Stars on the Strip.  What I like about The Buffet is the atmosphere and the cleaness.  It is spotless everywhere included restrooms.  Im sure you seen restaurants looks extrememely clean, but has dirty restrooms.   I was a restaurant owner and very picky on cleaness.  I hardly see any restaurants is as clean as The Buffet.  I added a "Star" because of it.
4	The Buffet used to be top notch but this last time I visited it wasn't as stellar as I remember =(Before we came I called the Buffet to ask if they served the King crab legs for lunch or if they were for dinner only. I was told there were only available for dinner so we specifically came for dinner so we could eat them. However, when we got there they were not king crab legs, they were snow crab aka much smaller and not as good =( I was really disappointed when I saw they didn't have the King crab... In general this buffet is very grandiose; there are so many options it can get overwhelming but I usually try a bunch of things and then choose my favorites to go back to. The meat section with the Prime Rib is always very tasty, and salads are quite good too. I was really happy with the gyoza (potsticker) and chinese bun station this time around, and the seaweed salad and shrimp cocktail was yummy too. I never eat the pizza or the bread because that just fills you up and you have to save room for dessert!! The creme brulee is always good and the creme puffs were light and fluffy and filled with some amazing vanilla whipped cream. The carrot cake was just okay and the raspberry cake wasn't very good so I'd skip that. They also have a great ice cream bar as well =)Dinner is quite pricey for what you get so I'd recommend going for lunch. I also wasn't pleased when the hostess tried to seat us in the way back when there were plenty of tables available near the buffet itself. We made her change our seat but that was kind of annoying.
4	We're coming off of an Encore stay that included three buffets (two dinner, one breakfast), so while you'd think I have a lot to say, it all boils down to two words: CRAB LEGS. Those heavenly, succulent, pre-split bundles of goodness. I would eat them in a house.I will eat them with a mouse.I will eat them here and there.I will eat them ANYWHERE.Without them... hm. The tuna poke was not bad, the fried turkey was delicious, and otherwise a lot of inconsistent dishes, some better one day, others the other day. The veggies were all way too oily (the chili lime corn was good), and the kimchi was sad but a necessary complement to the crab. Desserts were excellent, though again, the warm brownie was insane one night, hard the next. My breakfast review hasn't changed from below. I've read many divergent reviews about the quality and availability of crab legs at other buffets, so let me say for the Wynn, at least, there was plenty to go around, they were great, and I can't imagine paying $40 for this buffet without the tender flesh of my little crustacean friends.
1	Extremely disappointed!! I expected much much more in quality and choices. I have ate here before years ago and at that time it was fabulous. It has since gone way down in quality.I had tuna poke, okay nothing great. The worst part was a California roll that I actually had to spit out. Not okay for a five star hotel. It tasted so fishy. I ventured on to find something else, tomato bisque looked promising. WRONG. It was one of the worst soups I have ever had, it tasted like tomato paste in a bowl.The desserts were okay. I had a good mint chocolate cupcake but everything else tasted artificial and old. I also thought it was not right that you only have 2 hours to eat, they say it's for their customer service. I'm all for customer service but I feel if you pay $28 dollars for lunch you should be able to sit your fat ass down as long as you want!No thanks!
4	We went for Saturday brunch. The food was good - prime rib, dim sum, lots of fruits and veggies, and a make your own ice cream sandwich station. It's not a five star because of the long wait time (35 min at 2 pm, lots of empty tables) and the price. I didn't feel the food was worth the money.
4	Wow. I am not exactly sure how i feel about the Wynn buffet, only because it kind of made me sad that there were so many great things to try and i didnt have the stomach capacity to make it happen :( This was my first Vegas buffet experience, so i dont exactly have a basis for comparison in that regard, but the Wynn buffet is hands down the best i have ever been to. The layout makes it manageable and not overwhelming to find what you want, and everything was very fresh and well stocked. The service was quick and the dining area was very bright, open and inviting. I would be interested to try other buffets in town to be able to better compare this one, but the bar has been set VERY high after this experience. Only drawback are that it's pretty pricey and the line to get in for brunch was very long. I wasn't exactly surprised by any of this, though.
3	For brunch,it was good but not amazing or out of this world! The entrees were mediocre but the desserts were delicious! I loved the hand scooped gelato mixed with whatever topping you desired. Another favorite was a simple dish of fresh cut pineapple soaked in coconut milk & rum, topped with toasted coconut. Amazing!!
4	My family ate at the Wynn Buffet just before Christmas in 2008 and enjoyed it very much.  We like buffets and while this one was more expensive than our local, hometown variety, we expected that in Vegas.  All the food we tried was good, some of it was exceptional ... including the desserts, and some spiced orange squash that I nearly had an orgasm over.
5	We aren't big buffet fans overall, but they are a very interesting venue, at least here in Las Vegas.  You have a wide range of quality in the buffets, not just the food but in the food presentation and how well the foods maintain quality and temperature in a buffet setting.  This was our first Wynn buffet visit.  A few years ago, we made the mistake of going to a very low end buffet at the Flamingo, one of the worst I have ever seen.  Cold food, classic day-old looking fried chicken, mashed potatoes with the ubiquitous protective dried shell, and the gravy that looks frozen-over.The Wynn buffet was exceptional.  Don't know who created the concept of small entree portions, be it the Cosmo, Caesars Palace, or the Wynn, but it sure works for us.  The cost for dinner on a Wednesday was $33 a person.  There was exceptional larger than normal peel and eat shrimp, a definite upgrade over traditional buffet shrimp.  The crab legs were aplenty.  There was a gourmet meat loaf, non-dried out blackened salmon, mahi mahi with grilled pineapple, sushi, ahi tuna, a great pesto pasta, etc.  You had brocolinni with apricots, a beet and orange salad, and fresh pineapple in Malibu coconut rum.  My wife enjoyed the cook to order pasta station.EVERYTHING was warm and not dried out.  Even the mashed potatoes.  Superb desserts and exceptional service.  The Planet Hollywood buffet is good and the Caesars buffet is very good, although the price at Caesars is high enough where you don't feel like you are getting close to your money's worth.  We haven't had the Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmopolitan, but we will soon.  The buffet at the Paris buffet is good, but a little overpriced.  But, it has some foods you don't see at other buffets including a terrific crepes station.  The lines to get in there, and at Planet Hollywood, are very, very long.It is fresh in our mind, but right now the Wynn buffet ranks #1 in our book in Vegas.  Off to the Cosmo.
2	I expected so much more from Wynn.  We were invited by the Casino host Mr. Brando as we were about to cash out our chips.   We went for their infamous Champagne Brunch.  That Sunday was crowded but we didn't mind because the host said go straight to the VIP/Invited guest line, and tell them I sent you there and if theres a problem call my desk.  As soon as we got to the front of the line, the rude cashier said to us go back to the end of the line bc you don't have a fast pass??  And before I could say anything she yelled out "NEXT!!!"I said to her,  "wait... call the casino host they've invited us.  Here's our players club please look it up for our complimentary meal."  When we sat down, wasn't until 2 trips to the buffet line when our waitress finally came out and asked, "what would you like to drink???" We've both responded "Champagne brunch please..."  She replied "You have to pay extra for that!"  Again, I had to explain to her the Casino's host invited us if you have any problem just call the desk.  She didn't bother either instead just offer us water.  I must say the lack of customer service probably went down hill because it was overcrowded.  However, we're at the Wynn and not Circus Circus.  Obviously we didn't have problem paying $50/person meal when we were playing $500-$1000 hand probably the only reason why we were invited for complimentary meal.  Regardless, we've been to plenty of fine establishments and we've never been treated the way we did.  You would think at a 5-star resort place like this would have a superb customer service.  I guess I was too distracted by the pretty decor.**UPDATE:  Mr. Brando have been addressed with these issues and he's doing everything in his power to make-up for our bad experience.  He handled the issue very professional and we would definitely come back because of him.
5	My favorite buffet place in Vegas.  If you are a seafood lover or looking for something with better quality even healthy this is the place.
4	The Buffet (Wynn)Las Vegas Strip, NV10am Wednesday 8th August 2013Four StarsUpdateApparently, there is a very low dress code which I failed to meet. Rule #1: if you are a guy, you have to wear sleeves.  So I had to buy a Wynn Shirt for $12 which was very painless since it was a nice shirt and it came in small.  The weekday buffet is only $20 but it does not have Prime Rib, AYCE peeled Shrimp, or Sushi.  It still was delicious.  The Make Your Own Pancakes was my favorite part.
4	We were comp'd 2 buffets and given 4 more at a 50% discount. No idea why I got this email, BUT THANK YOU SO MUCH MR. WYNN! We went for Sunday brunch. How sweet of the hostess to seat us next to the dessert ROOM. Yes, there is a whole room of just delicious, tasty and really mouth watering Desserts. I picked one up every time I went by. Then made a special trip at the end to get a dinner plate full. No crab legs on brunch buffet, but there was plenty to eat. And everything was delicious. The Panko Shrimp roll was off the chain and The waffle batter Fried Chicken was the best fried chicken I have ever eaten.  Go, Eat, Indudge, forget the guilt. This is a meal to savor and enjoy. In the top 2 buffets in Vegas, and I live here.
2	I must have gone on an "off' day. The Buffet was definitely a disappointment in all aspects. We went there for dinner on Tuesday, and it was $36/person.  We were lucky enough to get a VIP card, so we didn't have to wait too long for a table. Food: 2/5I came here with really high expectations, based on the reviews of this place, but sadly, my hopes were dashed upon tasting their food.Prime Rib: 2/5 (First slice: Well done and dry; 2 slice medium)Veal: 4/5 (best dish of the entire buffet)Sushi: 0/5 (Spicy Salmon roll, fishy and nori wrap was wilted)Poke Tuna: 3/5 (OK)Crab legs: 2/5 (Not much taste if you eat without the butter.)Gelato: 4/5 (Creamy and smooth, best of the desserts)Everything looked old, food quality is comparable to Hometown Buffet.  No oysters, and sushi selection was lacking. Quality of food was sub-par. Workers really seemed unhappy and apathetic.Service: 3/5Average service. Plates could have been removed more quickly, and waiter rarely came to check up on us or refill our drinks.Ambiance: 3/5Outdated compared to the other high-end buffet places.Final Verdict:For the price, I'd rather save my $36 and have lunch at Bacchannal (Cesar Palace).
5	In my opinion, this is the best buffet in Las Vegas.Taking over the top spot (buffet wise) from Bellagio, The Buffet at Wynn Las Vegas is everything that Bellagio's buffet has, only better.  The decor and layout are fantastic and you feel like you are at a restaurant instead of at an every day buffet.The food stations consist of high quality, culture/region specific foods that are prepared by chefs right in front of you and in some cases on demand.  The Asian selection (both Chinese and Japanese choices) are very authentic and always prepared fresh.  I highly recommend the egg rolls...in all seriousness some of the best I've ever had.  Their sushi selection is very good as well.  Other selections include soup/salad, a pasta/Italian station, the grill, a carving station, various Mexican dishes, fruits and finally the Asian selection discussed above.Where The Buffet really excels is in the dessert area.  Completely separate from the food is an array of small dishes with cakes, pies and cookies, along with ice cream of many flavors, gelato and sorbet, not to mention candy apples and other goodies.  The desserts are amazing and if you have enough room to eat a few they really make the experience worth it.The line can become a bit long during the weekend and an express line is only available to guests staying at either the Wynn or Encore Tower Suites.  Guests of the main hotel (Wynn/Encore) are required to wait in the general public line.  While the price for dinner can attract some negative attention ($42.00 with tax per person) the Buffet at Wynn is still the one to go to.  A+
3	Still a great buffet and even better when you can go at odd times and beat the insane line.  Quality gelato at the end is always a nice touch here.
1	SO DISSATISFIED!!! Really have always enjoyed the buffet in the past, no shrimp, no crab, NOTHING but pizza for kids, no toaster for bagels, EXTREMELY SLOW SERVICE and a manager who doesn't care. You're better off going to a restaurant and ordering from the menu. Only two salads and a nasty brown fried rice. This USED to be AMAZING and now I'd just AVOID AT ALL COST!!!  I'M MAD AND FEEL RIPPED OFF!!!! Still love the hotel though.
5	$25 for lunchPerfect prime ribPerfect dried meats and cheesesPasta is made in-houseEVERYTHING IS FRESHI probably ate $25 worth of desserts aloneAlso, the dining area looks like a palaceWay better than the Wicked Spoon (see my review on that)Seriously.
4	I'm sorry, The Buffet, for giving you 3 stars.  You'll get an extra star because I have finally opened my eyes to the world of buffets.The food is consistent and good every time I have eaten here.  Having been adopted by the city, I have found myself frequenting buffets and gathering up notes on where to eat and where NOT to eat.  This was definitely a place to eat.  The highlights of this buffet were the harico vert (al dente and delicious!!), the juicy prime rib, brunch, and dessert.  Service has always been top-notch and the ambience is stunning.  It is a place worthy to stand against other buffet behemoths like Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal.  I will be back again and again.  Mr. Wynn, you do not disappoint.
5	Huge variety of good food, great deserts... a must in Vegas
2	I love the scenery and the food was ok, but I really do not like their dress code. My brother had to go back upstairs because he was wearing a tank top yet there are plenty of women who are wearing tank tops--he was stopped when he was about to eat his food. My family paid a lot of money to dress down and relax. This is a really bad policy! They better change it soon. I really lost my tastes and appetite after seeing that. Profiling.
2	The breakfast in opinion was not all that great--bacon waffle was not Belgian waffle quality. Despite my dislike of their dress code , the only thing that I enjoyed was their meat selection and chicken pot stickers. They prepare lunch better than they do with their breakfast. The pizza did not taste good. They need to try their foods first before serving it to their guests. If they demand a strict dress code then their food should reflect it
3	I really really really wanted to love this buffet, after hearing great things from friends and having such a great first experience at the Wynn. But sadly, I did not fall in love. The food was ok but nothing to rant nor rave about. In fact I remained at the salad bar the entire meal after trying a little from each section. However there is a silver lining: I fell in love with their bottomless mimosas option! Who wouldn't love $15 bottomless mimosas on a random tuesday wednesday??Other than that, I wouldn't return here over going to the Bellagio buffet or Bacchanal, sorry!
5	Best buffet in town, fresh, clean, great service. A lot of vegan options if you're into that. Worth the price you get what you pay for. Decorations are awesome, and servers are very friendly, oh and the food yeah amazing.
2	This is the only buffet I've been to on the Strip. As such, the first visit was amazing. I'd never had such an assortment of foods to choose from at a buffet...The novelty has worn off. Visited this place for breakfast/lunch on a weekday, just as they were changing out the breakfast foods to lunch. It was a comp, so it's not like I was spending any of MY money, but...I still feel like it was such a waste. The food was just mediocre, nothing to call home about. The first time was great probably because of the whole "first time at a Vegas buffet" thing.The food hasn't changed in the 8 month period between my visits here. All the same types of pastas, same desserts, same salads, same soups, same meats and cheeses. Probably will not be visiting again. Next time, I plan on stopping by Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal.
4	My husband and I love this place! Inside, you do not get a feeling of being at a "buffet" dining establishment. Lots of whimsical decor to match the Wynn theme is brought inside. Food is good here...we are seafood eaters mainly and the ample crab legs keep us happy. The dessert area is so fun....really upscale desserts and so tasty. Their gelato variety is few, but extremely one of the best gelatos.....definitely, better than Jean Phillipes.
3	a good tho not great buffet. peel n eat shrimp and the dessert variety were the standouts. prime rib not very good, but oh they do get an extra star for the tequila-infused watermelon, you could get drunk off that stuff. also rice krispy pops & candy apples. i would have liked to see more salad variety to at least create the illiusion that I was eating healthy but i did like that there was a wide array of breakfast options even at 2 pm. I would probably go back but then Aria and Paris have much better choices on their buffets, I would probably chose those over Wynn. Sorry Steve!
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this buffet. It is not too expensive and the food is varied and delicious. Their tomato bisque was tasty, the prime rib soft and flavorful, the desserts petite and sweet. I would recommend this buffet! My friends enjoyed the shrimp cocktail and crab legs also.
3	I wanted to like the Buffet but I was just overwhelmed (as with pretty much everything we ate in Vegas). I debated over whether to give 2 or 3 stars and finally settled on 3, but not without reservations.2 stars for the food...it looked good, but the taste just wasn't all that. It was edible, but not great by any stretch of the imagination. If they perhaps made less stuff, but made it better, I would have liked it better.Also 2 stars for value...$21 for breakfast? $26 for lunch? $32 for brunch? Our meal there was comped because of the package deal I got, but if I had paid full price for it I think I would really have been disappointed in the quality.3 stars for decor...the garden area is beautiful...also 3 stars for variety...even if the taste was not amazing, at least there was plenty to choose from, and again, nothing I tried was BAD, it just wasn't all that great, either.The best thing I had was probably the pancakes and fried chicken, both of which I actually enjoyed (together!) The prime rib wasn't bad, though somehow I had the misfortune of ending up with a sort of medium-well slice, but my husband's was medium-rare and looked pretty good. All in all, it was just pretty meh...3 stars is generous. 2.5 would be more accurate.
4	Three hours, well spent.  Totally ignored their two hours sign.This buffet is located in the Wynn and stays consistent with the hotel's decor.  It is absolutely beautiful eating and sitting in this buffets, especially in the main room.But, my eyes barely came up as I was totally fixated on eating!  There's a pretty good selection here, a meat carving station, salad station, seafood and more, although I did wish there was more variety - especially in the sushi area - I did pay $40!  But I enjoyed my food here.  Especially the prime rib, and for some reason, mashed potatoes (I don't know why).  Things seemed to be quite fresh and routinely replaced (as opposed to have had sitting around for a while).  And the desserts get their own special room!  Cookies to cheesecakes to crepes. And even gelato, yum.  I had a great time choosing and tasting.The servers were also excellent.  Very kind and attentive! I never saw the bottom of my drink glass!
3	I have to admit, I was pleasantly surprised by this buffet. Ever since the college dining halls, I have been avoiding buffets like the plague, eschewing the long lines of options in favor of a nice sit-down restaurant. The decor is consistent with the Wynn's decor, and is extremely pleasant. We had to wait quite a while for a table to seat our group of 5, but the staff was fairly courteous (although I could tell they weren't thrilled with our unwillingness to not break up our party and sit at smaller tables). The food options were plentiful and very tasty. I was very impressed with most things I sampled, with the exception of the crab legs. We took from the bottom of the tray, and unfortunately, because they were pre-cracked, the crab meat had a fairly gritty texture. I wasn't really impressed. Desserts were okay, but I didn't have much of them.
4	I've been to the Champagne Weekend buffet in the past, and it was delicious!   The place is as beautifully decorated as before, with lovely light and bright buttercup walls.  It always feels super clean and posh. The tables and chairs/boothes are very comfortable and the servers were attentive.This time, we went to a weekday breakfast buffet ($20.99 pp) and despite lack of seafood (no crab nor shrimp on the Friday buffet) I enjoyed it immensely.  I knew that it it was a smaller buffet going in, so I felt fine about the other options. I did a walk by all the food to best prioritize, and am happy to report that 98% of all I tasted was great!  Highlights that I'd recommend: +Smoked salmon +Corned Beef Hash +Small Fruit parfaits (one watermelon and whisky) other Caprese - delightful+Blood Orange Sorbet!  It was so refreshing and full of intense citrus flavor.+Dessert selection was amazing... pity I had no more room to indulge.Interesting tastes that I'm happy I tried, but perhaps wouldn't go for again:-Blue corn pancake with berry butter topping- healthy, but it got cold fast, even though it is made to order at the pancake station.  I'd probably go for good ole buttermilk next time - with the berry butter. -Candied Apple. It looks amazing - a glossy candy red apple.  But it was difficult to eat and I had to really put some effort into cutting it with my knife.  Chew with care as the candy shell is rock hard.  Hubby would have preferred a Caramel Apple.Bottom line:  a beautiful buffet.  I'd be back anytime.
2	Our Brunch Was very disappointing. . Fish wasn't cooked, bread was rubbery, prime rib had no flavor. Sushi was tasteless, mexican rice overcooked. Desserts were cheap, gelato not good. Overpriced as far as quality. The place was very nice. Great decor. I had the best seat in the house.
5	Ridiculously delicious. Go hungry. Kids are $40 also regardless of age, so make sure they're hungry too.
4	I'm all about Wynn's Champagne Brunch -- in my opinion, it's the best buffet in Vegas. I've been about five or six times now and it never disappoints. I mean, I'm turning into a pro now -- I'll start with a complete walk through all 16 stations, including the desserts, to plan out how I'm going to tackle it all. Then, I go for it and by the fifth plate, I'm 100% delighted by my experience. Sorry, not sorry.
4	Pro:+food was stellar+dessert was beautiful and tasty+romantic feeling+worth every pennyCon:-customer service-waited 15 minutes for someone to ask me what I wanted to drink-heard hostesses talking trash about every guest that walked in
4	This place has the very best ambiance - and the worst line... Like at Bacchanal - disappointed for not having lobster at brunch, but they had some very interesting dishes, and superb desserts! Will return for dinner...
4	One of the best buffet anywhere..Only gets a 4 star because it's too pricey and long lines. The decor and design is very nice.
5	I loved it, 5 star!   Best in Vegas is a common remark, and I would agree, being vegas for over 22 years, I would choose this over all others, the seafood, chinese, and desserts are stellar, fresh and tasty.   No brainer to me.  5 star stuff@!
2	We decided to try the Wynn buffet because we read such good reviews, but sadly, I have had better. 4-stars? What for? It is not worth 40$ There was nothing out of the ordinary in the buffet. The salmon laid out was cold, overcooked, and taste - ughh! The sushi - seriously, the take out sushi at Ralphs/Vons is better! Even the meats, the brisket, was cold and tasteless. There was a wide spread of different cuisines that only looked good, but taste wise - naan...either some had too much salt, or didn't have any! The only good cuisine was the Italian. The desserts were also ok. The brownie smelled like egg - which is a big turn off. Some of the bread also smelled like egg. The only decent thing was the gelato and some coconut tapioca dessert. All the other desserts were just about ok - nothing to go ga-ga over. The buffet at Caesar's Palace or Paris is way better - Worth the wait, worth the money.
2	Wasn't thrilled.   The Bacchanal is wayyyyu better.    The dessert section here is half the size.  The drinks tasted funny.  Maybe chlorine.  Idk.   We left not feeling full.   Waited for drinks and had to go ask.
1	small dessert areas,  sushi  dishes and pizza are old ,.most of the dishes are low quality , small salad island and lack of fruits. all meat are chewy and tasteless. they don't have any dishes that catch our eyes . seating takes too long due to lack of experience. we saw so many empty tables scatter around . it took 48 minutes to be seated. they can learn from fast food restaurant employees
2	This is the 2nd time for the buffet.  The first time was last year and the food was great.  My wife is deathly allergic to peanuts and tree nuts so we asked what she could eat.  The first time we had the executive chef walk us around and tell us what specifically we could eat.  This time the chef didn't seem to know exactly what was in each item.  Made it a little scary to eat things when you aren't sure.  The food we did eat seemed ok.  Nothing special.  You spend over $40 a person you would expect something decent.  Not sure what happened in a year but seemed to us the quality and selection went down.
2	Meh, No prime rib, no olive selection, and no fruit selection except for fruits in a cup.  I've had better food selection elsewhere.
2	So, I first reviewed this buffet in 2010 and it was the best. And although we only visit the buffet a couple times a year, I hadn't noticed any decrease in variety or quality but on our last visit in July, we were disappointed. It was ho-hum. The desserts were cafeteria quality. The rest was ok. I just think you could have found all of the food at any other buffet...even at a station buffet. Recently, we've tried the Wicked Spoon which was phenomenal. Great presentation, high quality and items you do not find at any other buffet...like bone marrow! We also tried the new Bacchanal at Caesars and it put the Wynn buffet to shame. In this town, with all these buffets, the Wynn needs to step it up and keep up with the others. Won't be returning.
3	The food itself is 4 star for a buffet style restaurant. but compared to the price, it is not worth it.
3	Maybe I wasn't all that hungry for a buffet, but I swear, I didn't eat anything (besides a Fat Tuesday) all day and by the time we got around to eating it was already close to 2pm.I gave this place 3 stars. They didn't have much variety as each station only had a handful of new dishes to try. They had a breakfast station with cereal and waffles, an "italian" station with pizza, pasta, and bread. I did like the pesto pasta with sundried tomatoes -- very yummy indeed!The prime rib was decent. I kept going back for that since I wanted to get my money's worth. Since it was a holiday ( I went on Labor Day 09/02/13), the price was a little under $90 for two people.All in all, it was a normal buffet for me. I had some enjoyable delights there, but nothing that screamed to come back for more!
1	I am so very disappointed in the Buffet. I mean u spent $85.00 for 2 of us which I am fine with if the quality was good. The mashed potatoes in my opinion were powdered. Then I come to Main St Station downtown an pay $19.00 for 2 and by far the food was way better and real mashed potatoes. What did I pay for Location!
4	Great buffet!! Came here for lunch on Thursday at 3pm. Walked right in with no line. Everything was replenished and tasted great. I really liked their sushi and desserts. Of course, I ate way too much.
5	Fantastic buffet, definitely one of my favorites around, rivaling Aria's or Bellagio's...all food is cooked well, depending when you get to it determines whether you're getting the fresh batch or not. Fried chicken especially stood out to me (no, not just because of that reason!). It had a maple batter which made it taste like delectable chicken and waffles. Ahhh the good times.
5	Sunday brunch buffet at the Wynn is very good and worth the money. I would rate it more accurately at 9 stars out of 10. Yogurt is ridiculously tasty, as with the ceviche. The kimchi is about as good as it gets and the remaining choices are on par with excellence.
1	I found this place in Yelp. I was excited to visit! But it was my Bad experience. The queue was so long, but that's not the point. The point was Most food are so Normal! and small choices for choosing. My friends and I, we tried Bellagio, Baccanal, and Le village buffet before..Those place are so good!! Comparing to this place, here is such an awful one. If this is your first time visiting Las Vegas, ignoring this place. One good thing I found is chocolate icecream..it's just ok anyway.
2	Maybe my expectation was too much but this place was a disappointment. The presentation of food, service and interior is of course very good but the taste was just better than average. Some of the dishes were very dry(expected from an "average" buffet), some very salty....Ive had much better food at other buffets with this price tag. If you haven't been to a real good pricey buffet yet, you could try this place out as I've heard this is best in Vegas. One thing I did like about this place is how they sliced their crab legs open.
5	I came here for Lunch, which cost $28.  The selection of food was awesome.  They don't offer things like Crab and Lobster during lunch, so that was a bit of a bummer, but I still was very happy with everything that was offered.  There were so many delicious items, but to name a few, the Flank Steak, Rib-Eye Sliders, Waffle and Syrup battered Fried Chicken, Eggplant Parmesan, Bread pudding, Peach cobbler were all really good.  I would come back again.
2	I was torn between giving this place a 2 or a 3. Everything was really hyped up beforehand - best buffet in Vegas! Endless crab legs! - but I did not feel like I got my money's worth.To start off, after waiting in a long line, we are slapped with the $40 price tag to get into the buffet.  Holy mackerel that is expensive! At this point, I am still convinced that it's totally going to be worth it.  But alas, turns out they have a strictly enforced dress code.  My guy friend, who had chosen to wear a tank top, was told that he could either change his shirt or buy the Wynn Buffet shirt for $20.  After much hesitation, he decided to buy it since we were staying in Excalibur and going back wasn't an option.  Our spirits dampened, we proceeded inside. The display was impeccable! All the food looked appetizing and there was a huge variety.  The crab legs, however, were pretty tasteless, so don't waste your food space on that.  The rest of the food, while good, wasn't anything to write home about.  Dessert spread was very pretty, but the taste was average.  If I were to find myself back here, I would be more careful in choosing dishes to maximize value.  However, I would pick a different buffet despite the fancy names and presentation because the food was only slightly above average.  I would get more satisfaction from going to a cheaper, average tasting buffet but that is just me.
2	I was very disappointed. 80$ for two people and here's my break down Food- not as "AMAZING" as everyone says it to be. My fav was probably the salad because ya can't mess a salad upService- the people that work here only take responsibility for themselves. An old man was struggling to remember where he was and no one wanted to help him they were pushing each other saying no you do it no you poor guy finally found a nice server to help him. Then the people working in the kitchen while refilling food would be so full of attitude. Well jeez I'm sorry you have to cook more food.... Overall you're paying for the name Wynn and Encore that's it. Not worth 80$ or 40$ per person
4	I've been coming to Vegas for many years with my family & throughout the years we've tried many of the buffets before they were remodeled & how they currently are now. We've yet to try the Wynn but on this trip we decided it was time for something new. We've seen the reviews on this buffet & were a little skeptical but ultimately decided, "you have to try it for yourself". The Friday & Saturday dinner price is around $40 a person & they have a menu with a few of the items available that night. My dad & I decided to walk around before we paid to eat there.Decor: Beautiful. By far one of the most beautiful & well laid out buffets on the strip. It's almost like walking into a fairy tale with the many colors & bright lights. Service: Our waitress was very kind, she could have come back a little bit more often but her personality was outstanding the times she did come back. & now what everyone has been waiting for, the food.I don't know why people have been complaining that the food isn't good. I thought it was one of the better buffets on the strip. The way I see it is, if you leave a buffet wondering where you can get a quick snack at then it probably wasn't good. I left this buffet not wanting to eat another piece of food for a week. The chefs are willing to make you the food items made to order if you have special needs like no dairy or if you're a vegetarian. They don't have a huge load of items which I tend to like better because that means to me quality over quantity. My first plate I got the mashed potatoes, a piece of BBQ meatloaf, chicken marsala, the maple fried chicken, a bowl of chicken noodle soup, & some penne pasta. It was all delicious. Nothing was overly salty or greasy & it all tasted pretty damn good.I had about 3 plate fulls of crab & shrimp & damn, it was delicious. You can't go to a $40 per person place & not fill up on seafood (unless you're not a seafood person).DESSERT:could have been better. I find that I don't really like most desserts at most of the buffets. They had candy apples which I've never seen before & was excited to try it until I tried to bite into it & almost broke my teeth on the rock hard outer coating. The oreo cake was to die for & the crepes that are made to order was splendid. CONCLUSION:Would I go back to this buffet ? Absolutely.
4	Great! I liked the desserts better than the actual dinner food though..maybe next time it will be better. FYI-I'm asian so I can say this. But if there Asians, keep an eye on the snow crabs. They'll be gone if you are not aware.
2	This was the biggest disappointment from my experience at the Wynn. The table seating system is hap hazard and slow. If you are hungry expect to wait for your food.The ambiance (tables and chairs) is more Soup Plantation then first class Vegas hotel. The food was abundant but mediocre. If you think you are going to eat all the great sushi you want for a flat fee forget it. There were only a few rolls  (no fish) and they were of supermarket quality. Bottom line: If you just want a trough to endlessly feed from then it's okay. If you prefer good food and a pleasant dining experience the city has so many other better choices for a better value.
4	PROS: Never a long wait. Prices are affordable. Prime rib, alaskan crab legs, and oysters!CONS: Smaller, compared to the newer buffets.
4	Ate here for lunch and paid the $15 to skip the line (comes with a glass of mediocre champagne) but it was well worth it.  At $50 each + the $15, it was amazing. Here are things I enjoyed: pesto pasta, rigatoni with red sauce, endless charcuterie and cheeses, fried chicken with honey, meatloaf, mashed potatoes, char sui baos, potstickers, enchilada, bacon waffles, shrimp, sea bass, and every dessert.  I did not like the mushroom and egg puff pastry, it was bland.   Next time I'm going to do dinner, but overall this buffet is the shit.Btw: the service was HORRIBLE.  I have never encountered a more miserable waiter in my life.  Also, the women in charge of seating people were slow and incompetent.
1	nothing to eat ........
4	Wow. So much to choose from! I ate the king crab legs, oysters, leg of lamb, sushi, and plenty of desserts. I stayed there for about....4 hours! I took my time and enjoyed a bit of everything and could barely walk to see the Mystere Cirque De Soleil show ;) *We went at 4 if we arrived at 330 the end of lunch it would've been cheaper, darn*-Lots of assortments-Small sizes (which I liked because I wanted to enjoy everything)-Ice cream sandwiches, crepes, cakes, cookiesTry everything!My love paid about $98.00 for the two of us, which is why I took my sweet glorious time and made it count. YOLO!
2	An average buffet at best. All meat items were over cooked and dry. The only thing good was the ribeye steak. All items here was also not very unique minus the spiked pineapple. This buffet was not worth the 40 dollar price tag. Should have gone to Studio B or the Buchannal buffet instead.
2	Very mediocre food, just seemed to need seasoning. Service great, but will skip this next time.
3	I hate to write negative reviews. But the truth isn't always pretty. I had high expectations.. like, really high. I thought I'd see many dishes listed as vegan. Nothing is listed as Vegan, except for a couple desserts. You have to pretty much look and guess.. or ask. If you're that committed. It started out great, the lines were short at 6pm on a Thursday. $100 for two people, one getting all you can drink wine. A good start! The choices aren't ABUNDANt, but good for a buffet. Who wants to get disgustingly full anyway? For a vegetarian, it's rather slim pickings, though. ANd many salads have cheese, so not many vegan choices... Ok, well, one plate into it, my mother ate an IN-EDIBLE pepper. IN-EDIBLE. She sat nearly crying (from spice) the rest of the meal. She wasn't able to enjoy her wine. She couldn't eat any more, because her tongue was meeting it's slow demise. I called the next day to talk to someone, and 30 mins and about 6 calls later... I got a rather unsympathetic response and no sympathy. I just wanted them to know to take this pepper out to save others from this same pain. They just simply offered for us to come back and "cut the line" as a compliment. Um... the mother is suffering from PTSD from the pepper... so... no... that's not happening. Long story short- try it for yourself. YOu will likely enjoy it. Just avoid the peppers. You will thank me.
3	I think this may be the second time yelp as led me astray which is pretty good!  I totally disagree with you guys though, this is not 4 stars.  It would be 4 stars if this was a $25 a person place but this is a $50 a person place.As others have stated the service is really poor.  I literally couldn't even get the waiter to look at me.  The selection was kind of small.  In my head I had imagined a Vegas buffet to be an expansive feast especially when you are paying so much but it wasn't that way at all.  I liked the food fine but my husband thought it was disguising and he barely nibbled at the plate.  They had a salad bar to the far right, followed by cheese, then they had an Italian section (pasta).  Probably the most disappointing part was the meat selection: fatty prime rib, fatty meatloaf, fatty sausage links, fatty brisket, and fatty waffled fried chicken.  I'm not even kidding!  They literally served the most fattening cuts of meat and took the one healthy option and fried it in waffle batter.  I think for this price they should have offered a roasted chicken or something of the sort.  After the meats they presented oil soaked cauliflower then Asian food, and finally shellfish.  The crab legs looked nice but buffet shellfish scared me so I didn't try them.The most impressive part was the dessert area.  I really loved the beautifully entry looking back into the glass paneled pastry kitchen.  If you can get a seat looking into the pastry kitchen I recommend it.  They had a wonderful selection of the desserts.  I tried 4 of them and most of them were pretty good.  Really everything in Las Vegas is so expensive that looking back this probably is an okay deal but to me the quality just wasn't there.  I wouldn't go back.
2	The lunch buffet is not worth the money! I had pretty high expectations but they definitely were not met. My favorite part of casino buffets is the seafood, however I was so disappointed that they didn't have any shrimp, or crab legs and the sushi was a very limited selection. Last time I was in Vegas I went to the Bellagio buffet and that was amazing so if you have a choice, go for Bellagio.
5	For $20.99 this place is amazing for breakfast.  As you would expect, everything is very fancy, and the food was delicious.  The fresh squeezed orange juice was tremendous and the selection, even for breakfast, was terrific.  I particularly liked the omelet and pancake stations, as well as the fact that are the great desserts were available even at 9am.  You can't go wrong with breakfast at this place for $20 (the Peppermill ends up costing about the same and this place is WAY, WAY better)!
4	Save your appetite for this place, there is a lot of good food!!!! My only complaint about this place is the ambiance looks like an old fashioned ice cream parlor.
4	You must come hungry! There are so many choices, so best to do walk thru first to see what is on offer. Nothing worse than piling lots of food on your plate you won't eat, then getting another plate to try other dishes.My husband doesn't eat meat, gluten, and dairy, so the chef took him for a tour to show him the vegan dishes. So nice this is offered! The dessert is also abundant, do a walk thru with this too. My favorite was the gelato, around 5-6 different flavors. Loved the vanilla bean and coffee. I'd come back to this buffet. For all that is offered the price is reasonable. Add $15 for unlimited sparking wine, wine, and beer. I didn't choose it, but it's nice they have that option!
5	I don't write many reviews unless it's fabulous or really, really bad. With that said, I've had most of the buffets in Vegas since my work takes me here 3-4 times a year. I recently had the Bacchanal Buffet & The Buffet @ The Bellagio. While they're good in their own right. The Buffet at the Wynn took what I think of buffet's in general and threw that out the window. The selection at this buffet was down, imo to the others. But the selections were more focused. I'd rather pay for less selection but better quality. The Service was good. He kept our drinks full and table empty of used plates.
4	I hate most of the buffets in vegas but this one was pretty damn good. They have a great selection and nothing was spit out bad (like most vegas buffets) there was one section with mini cups of experimental fruits and spices; its a must try and was stand out from the whole buffet.
3	this is a GOOD buffet but not for the $ and for the 5 star reputation of the Wynn. I went for dinner, about $35 per person. The buffet is spacious but I don't think there are as many options as you would expect. A lot of the options are spaced out or repeated to give the illusion of more food. That being said most of the food is good and even great and some is even amazing. Sadly the crab legs SUCKED and i was disappointed greatly. For $20 i would give this place 5 stars, for $35, its getting 3. I recommend Bellagio buffet or the new Cosmopolitan buffet for a 5 star buffet. i know , I went to all 3 this past week.
4	I've been to a handful of Vegas buffets over the years and this one ranks towards the top. While I enjoyed almost everything I tried, there are a few exceptions, both good and bad. I come from the land of 10,000 lakes but any fresh seafood outside of fish is pretty hard to come by. With that said, I loved their fresh shrimp! Some cocktail sauce, lemon if needed and I'm content to eat just that. I also enjoyed the roasted turkey from the carving station and the desserts were a sweet lovers dream. Pretty sure my sister went into a diabetic coma from all the sugar! However, all good things must come to an end. I have two minor complaints about the buffet. First, the restaurant was half empty since it was a Thursday evening, but our server was MIA for quite a bit of time. We had a table of six, and he would end up having to fill three or four of our drinks each time he came by because he had disappeared for awile. Finally, my other issue with this place was the lack of side dishes. There were mashed potatoes, and a couple dishes of vegetables, but not much else. When I'm in a meat paradise, I'd like to have a few options to pair it with, and this seemed to be lacking here.Overall, a good experience, but not necessarily great. I would like to go back eventually, but may hit up Wicked Spoon next time before coming here again.
5	This buffet has the best quality products - some hilights, the cheesy grits with the waffle battered fried chicken, yummy, creamed cauliflower, pretzel bread, deep-fried turkey breast, chicken sausage, and the delicious chocolate with chocolate shavings gelato and coffee gelato with ground coffee beans -- so good!The atmosphere so beautiful, open with the garden like setting with the pretty lime and light peach decor - I want to live in here!
1	It is not worth the price of $40+ per person. there is nothing for you to eat, but a few tacos and pasta and cookies and cakes. Save your money and go elsewhere
2	Overpriced but boring food.  Food is mediocre but beautiful.  Plates have stains and are not all clean.  For $40 / person I expected more.  All the stuff looks pretty to look at but are really subpar in flavor.  Soda is pre-filled in pitchers WITH ice so when they pour it for you it's watery and flat.  All the appearance of high end dining that ultimately falls to golden corral standards.
4	3.5 stars but I'll round up to a 4.  We had great service here:)  Waitress was super nice and brought me a tomato juice even though that one is usually served at breakfast and lunch only.I really don't think I eat my worth at buffets.  Came here with the group of friends so we can all eat together.  At $43 a person, there is definitely plenty of food for meat lovers, sushi lovers, pasta lovers and vegetarians alike.  It's nice that they offer vegan and gluten free versions of some dishes but definitely not enough.  A few goodies at the buffet: salmon hand rolls, pesto pasta, prime rib.  Those were my favorites.  Everything else was just average.  Cheese selection was rather pathetic.Dessert: the lemon tart was good but again, everything tastes mass produced.  As far as buffets go, this place is probably better than the rest.  But I'd rather have quality over quantity these days.
5	Second trip to this buffet in 6 years and it is the best I have tried in Vegas ( I have not been to Caesar's for over ten years).  Food is prepared in small portions to keep it feeling more like a meal rather than a buffet.  Some impressive items included prime rib, fried chicken in honey batter, shrimp spring roll, and gelato.
2	The Buffet is in Wynn Hotel offers various dishes that customers from all around world could enjoy the fine dining experience. Particularly line of menu are long and well presented. If you like pasta, seafood, steak, or vegetarian dishes, you name it the buffet have the exact one or similar kind. Even though the buffet offers long line of attractive dishes, some of them are not cooked well nor have the great taste like other high-end restaurants would offer in that price range. Servers who serve drinks are well mannered and very friendly: however I found out that servers (or they might call themselves as cook or chef) behind the food table area serve steak or refill foods might be busy talking to themselves and less responsive to customers' request (visited three times and observed three times). Such a restaurant in one of the best hotels in Las Vegas, I would expect the better service or, at least, have the professionalism from cooks and chefs behind of the food table area. * Service: Below average (compare to other high-end buffet or local restaurants in Las Vegas hotels) * Price: Pricy as all high-end restaurants would (you may find discount coupons from local discount shops) * Atmosphere: Excellent (very nice and well presented) * Food Quality: Slightly below average for seafood (remember you are in desert area not by ocean side) and great for dessert (wide range of dessert). * Parking: Valet parking is available or self-parking in Wynn hotel garage (free of charge for self-parking)* Avoid factor: Make sure to leave some room for dessert. Be patient with cooks and chefs behind of the food table if they are busy talking to each other. Particularly, steak and meats area, Cooks/chefs may not responsive well nor friendly. * Recommendation: Try their dessert (better than advertised seafood - in my opinion their seafood are overrated).
1	I don't know why this place gets such good reviews. We had a horrible experience at lunch. It is a very small buffet. Not much selection at all. And all the food was dry and flavorless I seriously couldn't find a single thing I liked. and not for lack of trying. I'm not to hard to please but this place is not worth the price. Very dissatisfied. The only good thing was the decor.
4	Have been here twice and always leave super full. I like the prime rib and steak most here! I eat a couple slices and really enjoy their desserts too! Their ice cream is bomb! The service is excellent and the atmosphere and decor is beautiful. If I had to stop by a buffet that's not too expensive it would be here!
4	All around great buffet. The food across the board was prepared well and had a gourmet feel. Even though all the food was great I didn't have that one "wow" dish that made me want seconds. I sampled everything and left satisfied, so it was a successful buffet experience in my book. Seafood options were good- sushi rolls, split crab legs, oysters, yum! Everything was super fresh.Desserts were good and they'll even make you your own ice cream cookie sandwich! My only complaint was that the cookies were hard so it was kind of hard to eat. Also the wait wasn't very long which is also a plus. The seating area was all split up into a lot of different small rooms. Easy to get lost, but I guess it gives you the illusion of a more intimate dining experience.
3	Came here cause it was in travel channels top buffets. Service was awesome don't get me wrong just the food didn't live up to my expectations.
1	The buffet was great but the manager Malinda was rude when she kicked us out. She said "Hi I'm Malinda and I'm the manager here. We are closed now so it's time to get going." My friend was so disappointed that I had to write this. We would expect more courtesy in a professional manner. At least a 5 minute warning. I would give it average 3 stars for this but put 1 for the managers attention. But our waiter man was great!!!!
4	Good not great selection, but food is all fresh and tasty. Seafood selection, peeled shrimp, cut king crab and oysters. Luv seafood but it wasn't as good as you would expect it to be. Meats are the highlight, rib eye steak, prime rib, meatloaf, veal, leg of lamb, assorted sausages... I'm a complete sweet tooth, great desserts, cakes, ice cream, gelato, so leave some room.
3	Beautiful place, huge selection of food. Too bad the majority of the food is pretty average. There are a few items that are winners, but I suggest trying a tiny amount of everything first to find those gems. Is it me, or does the quality of buffets go down after it has been open awhile? I remembered when I first went here when it was newly opened, the quality of food was really great. But now it seems that the emphasis is on quantity rather than quality.
3	We went here twice as my husband loved it the first time we went to the buffet.  The buffet area was clean and it great condition.  The food was good but wished the food was a bit warmer.  I didn't like the fact that they required you to tip beforehand and wrote on your bill how much you were tipping the server.  This seemed ridiculous to me as a tip is dependent on the quality of service you receive.The second time we went to the buffet, it was not as good as some of the food was cold and some of the food didn't appear as fresh.I would like to see more fruit choices and some lower calorie dessert options like some of the other buffets have.
5	Ridiculously over-the-top good. The dinner buffet has everything from salads and exotic cheeses to sushi to Asian food to crab legs and shrimp, prime rib, turkey, pizza - everything is good! Unlimited wines. And the there is dessert. Crazy over-the-top but great!! $39.99 + $15 for bottomless wines :)
5	This buffet has great food and the best dessert. We waited for an hour in line and it was well worth it. The alaskin king crab legs were good and the shrimp is also fresh the only thing is the wait but aside from that great buffet.
2	Great selection. Nice atmosphere. Loved the ice cream sandwiches you can have them make. Also the omelets you can have them make. Besides that every thing is average. Exotic names. But quality was just so so. I tried everything, tHe only thing that was ok was the fried chicken breaded in a maple pancake dough or something. That was definitely different. It was free with our hotel. But if you have to pay it is way too much. It is like 86 for too people that is crazy. I think they price it high to keep people who are not from the hotel out.
5	Beautiful atmosphere and upscale restaurant quality food. Could not have asked for more.
4	I have not been to las Vegas prior to this last trip in almost a decade. I remember when the buffets were about quantity and not so much about quality. Then We came to the Wynn Buffet. We waited in line for around a half hour, not a problem because I knew it was in the middle of Dinner and lines also typically mean that they food is good, otherwise why wait to eat it. So we get there get our table and then head to get our food. My jaw dropped as we saw there selection of all you could chose from. They had seafood, Italian with their own pasta station, they had prime rib, cold cuts, cheese, fried chicken, Asian, the list could go on. This was something very special, something that I had not experienced in Vegas before, a gourmet buffet. This was really quite good. The food was good, service was great, the atmosphere was fantastic. You just have to look at the pictures, which don't do it justice, to see the ambiance of where you eat. That being said, While I did like it, I didn't love it. Once of my philosophies is that each meal should be an experience, and while it was, I cannot look back and say that it was amazing, only simply that I would do it again to enjoy good food, but not be overjoyed about it. It is good but nor great.
5	Amazing!I'll admit it, the boyfriend and I are snobs and we usually steer clear of buffets. This past weekend we were staying at the Encore, it was a Sunday morning, two friends joined us for brunch and as we were walking around the resort we walked right into the buffet. We were just about to walk away from it when we got a bit curious and decided to check it out. The line was ridiculous! It was Sunday brunch so I think the price was $32 a person. We didn't want to wait in line, so we paid the extra $15 a person for the VIP pass. $15 includes, line cuts to the front, and a free drink, your choice of sangria, wine or a mimosa. Not a bad deal since the hosts in the front told us that the line was 45 mins to an hour long. No thanks!The buffet was amazing! As we were being walked to our seats we were oooing and ahhing at all the desserts and the large amount of food selection. They were prompt with the alcoholic drinks and we went on our way through the food. The selections seemed endless so half of us just walked to the end just so we could see everything to mentally prep our stomachs. There was an omelets station, prime rib and fatty bacon cutting station, fresh sushi, fresh shrimp, tons of pasta selections, everything breakfast related, fresh fruit and baked goods, Mexican cuisine, Asian cuisine etc. Lets just say everything was there!The highlights: Fatty bacon was delicious with their special mustard. The shrimp wasn't your typical baby cocktail shrimp, definitely huge fatty juicy shrimp with cocktail sauce, cups of marinated watermelon and pineapple (the pineapple was marinated in rum and coconut flakes)Everything we ate was delicious, by the time we got to desserts we were stuffed. We tried a few cakes (all yummy) and their gellato! Yes you heard right, they had many flavors of gellato for you to choose from. I would definitely advise not to fill up on the bread (although delicious) definitely fills you up so you can't eat all the other amazing food there.Aside from the food, the service was amazing as well. Empty plates and cups were always cleared promptly from our table.
5	I went here for an early dinner to beat the crowds and it was perfect! They got me right in and service was fast. There are so many selections you will definately leave here full. Asian, seafood, raw bar, italian, and american all looked fenominal. The deserts were arranged so beautifully...
3	My boyfriend and I stopped by for breakfast right before lunch hours. As we looked around most breakfast items was already taken away. I guess we should of came a bit early to get breakfast items. And for desserts, I find that their cakes and cookies are too dry.This place is just nice too look at. Nothing special.
5	every. single. buffet. we. try. is. better. than. the. last. i love buffets. especially ones i feel like i get my money's worth. at only 29 bucks, this has been our best one yet (we started low...flamingo....and have slowly worked our way through paris, spice, and few others over the years). the food options are incredible! there are a ton of vegetarian friendly options. we went at the brunch time, so no crab legs. but many, many other options, including heavy meat selections, sushi (good), salads, but just really good takes on otherwise normal dishes like pasta and veggies. and the desserts....good lord, i had to change into a size 36 pants after eating all of them. the place is clean, well lit, and the servers were super prompt at cleaning up after all our face stuffing gluttony. the layout is done well to eliminate navigating indecisive people....who wants to wait on steamed tomato with pine nuts in a phyllo dough cupcake while some oldie is trying to figure out if they want minnestrone soup? not me!great choice for a starving foursome!
2	So I literally just finished having dinner here today Sunday 11/24/13. It was $38.99 a person... So for two with tax = $85 (not worth it). First of all, I didn't experience a line wait at all! But then maybe because it just is not with the wait! After being seated, service was great and so was the decor. The food on the other hand was completely mediocre. They had a chilled seafood station that had sushi, cocktail shrimp and crab legs (but I like crab legs warm-not cold. **side note-Caesars buffet has both!- Anyways, on the the Asian station. Nothing great there. The next station with the meats is OK. My husband enjoyed the prime rib, but he's had better. And the there was a Mexican grill station that had tamales and potatoes. The seafood section was really disappointing. It had 3-4 mini options of fish... But missing the GOOD fish. Options were Mako, snapper, and salmon. For the price I would have expected quality like sea bass, Mahi- mahi etc. and it did not taste great either. Pizza station was unoriginal which every other buffet has. And the Italian station had someone available to make pasta customized. Didn't eat the Italian section tho. I figure Italian food/ pasta is relatively cheap to make do I would prefer to get my money's worth. The dessert has it's own room but highly lacks in quality. I literally liked on item in addition to the ice cream, which is pretty horrible because I'm a dessert fanatic. I only only likes the warmed brownie with ice cream. They have a gelato station with about 5 flavors. *side note - wicked spoon, aria buffet and Caesars buffet have more ice cream options.- the rest of the desserts did not taste good at all. Very average and below. I thought when I tried this buffet 5 years ago & did not like it that it was me because I tried lunch and should have tried dinner. Clearly, it's not me.
3	For curiosity and logistic reasons, we visited the Buffet at Wynn as they were within our walking distance and we have never been there before.  The wait is about average compared to other buffets on the Strip.  I always find it awkward to tip before served at the cashier.They got an ok varieties starting with Pasta near the entrance, meat, Asian, and seafood was at the end.  All the crab legs were cold.  The Asian dishes were meh.  The meats were decent.  The seafood was ok fresh.  The desserts were ok, the crepe guy was entertaining though.  We felt there was not enough selection compared to other buffets on the Strip.  For the price we paid, there are better quality buffet on the Strip.  I think it will take some changes to bring me back for another round.
1	First of all the only reason it gets the one star is the waitress. I can't remember her name but she was great! Now to the review. To start off there was little to no wait which was great. The hostess staff is pretty rude and not very helpful at all!I was in a party of 10, we asked for a table that was open closer to the buffet and she said no because she was going in line to who got there and we were not first. Well um you were seating us right then so yes I would say we were first! Carrying on..When I got up to the buffet I was amazed by how much stuff was there. My first choice was the blackened salmon. HUGE MISTAKE as it was pretty raw! It was terrible!! I grabbed a few other items that were pretty sub par too. The sushi was also warm and tasted terrible!! After almost gagging on that plate I figured I would hit up the crab and shrimp. First piece of crab I grabbed was covered in curly hair! Now I know this crab did not get a Jerry curl after being killed so someone forgot their hairnet! YUCK YUCK YUCK!! the other pieces I took were rubbery and tasted pretty bad. Shrimp was OK. Prime rib was my next stop after. I was hoping to say something good about that but with the salt content on  it I just can't :( There was really not a whole lot I can say I enjoyed here. I left feeling gross and mad that I had paid well over $100 bucks for this crap!! I tried to speak to a manager but the hostess told me to get over it and leave. I did not even have a chance!! When I tried to explain that I was feeling sick and that my friend got up several times during our meal to get sick she told me to stop whining and leave already! I have worked in hotels and as a hostess at a buffet before and have never in my life would i ever dream of talking to someone like that!! Terrible just Terrible! Next time I am in Vegas this is one place I will not be going back to!!
2	Disappointed...i will say we don't usually go to buffets. We got free buffet pass with our stay at the Wynn. So we went for lunch. There always seems to be a wait so you figure it must be good. We waited about 15-20 minutes. The service was good. Drinks refilled and plates cleared. The food or price is the problem. For what they charge the quality of food is not there.
3	So I finally got the chance to eat at this fancy buffet. The wait wasn't too bad considering how long the Bucchanal buffet lines are; however, the line was long enough to indicate that the food must be good. Well I was wrong. The food was ok at best, but nothing out of the ordinary. The home run winners are the meat selections, and that's not too much to choose from. My server was not doing her job at all. She took one plate off my table with my hour of being there. I asked for a refill of water, and I never got one. Oh, and a server left someone else's dirty plate of food on my table, GROSS! Needless to say, I won't be returning to this buffet. Wynn, you could do better.
4	Everything's pretty okay, I meat to give 3.5 but ill round it to 4.  Be aware of the long line!!! I wait for about 3 hrs/more and my feet hurt, and there was an lady who yell at us when my parents are join us in line(but that's not the main point).Overall this buffet is pretty good, but not that worthy to $49.99 per person... I simply dislike the clam chowder soup because it takes too salty than it should be. The fish is not that bad, I just don't like the way it's been cook. Lasagna is great, but the pasta is even better!They serve turkey since today's Thanksgiving, I wait for a while and the turkey worths it. Crab legs are fresh and they taste great when you add ketchup. I didn't eat much because there's not much impressive food.Their dessert was amazing!!! I like everything I picked. I recommend the lemon tart and strawberry tart, even though lemon is a bit sour, strawberry is just the right dessert you want to taste. All the cakes are nice but all average.The waiter is refilling even though we don't ask him to. Orange juice is not sour, this is surprising to me because I have never have any fresh orange juice in restaurant that is not sour.
1	It is really not that great plus an hour and half wait time with $54 per person. And there are really not many choices of food. Asain food is really not good at all. Japanese roll and sushi is bad and there's no sashimi. All the grill stuff are also not good, all kind of dry and old.Desert... Not many choices and not good. Ice cream were ok.The only plus would be the girl given water while waiting in line.
5	5 Stars for quality and variety all around. My friends and I had eaten at a different buffet the previous day and it was pale in comparison. We all eat mostly vegetarian/pescatarian and this buffet had so many options!! We showed up for lunch and had to wait a little over an hour. At the time I considered leaving, but really glad we stayed. There were vegetarian pastas, salads, burritos, lots of varieties of seafood including sushi, a fantastic cheese selection with breads, mustards and crackers........The desserts were about 2 bites each which is perfect because you really don't want one big dessert at a buffet, you want a hundred little desserts to sample. Ok maybe not a hundred but between my husband and I we tried almost everything there. Not only is the buffet great but this is such a beautiful hotel, and definitely worth seeing in Vegas.
5	By far the best buffet I've been to in a long time! We received 2 free vouchers for the buffet with our room reservation. Reading the reviews I guess it's pretty expensive. I think I would have been ok paying for it too. It's beautiful inside, absolutely gorgeous. Depending on where you're seated it can be quite a walk to the food but I guess it's good, you gotta burn off some calories and make room for more of the tasty dishes. The chicken that was prepared in a pancake/syrup type batter, OMG!! The pesto pasta with fresh pinenuts was also amazing, so much to chose from. The desserts were plenty and set up nicely, nothing in the dessert area really knocked my socks off but I was super full by that point. I was definitely return.
5	Satisfied.  After waiting 4 hours in line at bachannal in cesaers, anything else with no line seemed more enticing.  At wynn they have the lamb T-bones, an excellent yet very unpopluar cut.  I prefer the t-bone over chops any day.  But bacchanals chops were better seasoned.  Both restaurants over cooked their lamb.  The hitter though was the tbone tomahawks.  Ask for the bone!
5	Lots of variety of food and everything I tried was very tasteful... but they didn't have too Many desserts..price is pretty decent...
1	We stopped here for dinner right before the show Le Reve. It was a bad choice. It's  the worst buffet we've tried in Vegas. The selection of food is limited considering the price. The Asian food is horrible, Sushi rolls are not good, and the crab leg stand smells like a bad fish-market and looks like one too. There is big chucks of sea salt in every bite of the Spanish (or Mexican) tomato rice. Not much choice of fruits and deserts. Very disappointing dining experience. I gave one star just for the decor. I would never go back again.
4	We got very lucky with the wait as there were only a handful of people in front if us.The atmosphere was whimsical. It's beautifully decorated with flowers and bright colors, really stunning. I wish we were sat in that center area with all the flowers but it's okay maybe next time.I actually thought there would be a bit more to choose from but of the items I did try were quite good. I had the prime rib, sausage, lime corn, potatoes and a few other items that were quite tasty. I also tried the crab legs. I had wished they were freshly steamed and hot like at Caesars Bacchanal Buffet. I thought they were...ok but not great.The desserts were also really good. There was alot to choose from and everything we tasted was delicious. We would likely go back as it was pretty good. I just wish, being that it's The Wynn, there was a bit more to choose from, and that their crab legs were served hot instead of on ice.
4	Always heard of this place, so decided to give it a try.Before dinner, there's not a lot to choose from. Well, it has smoked salmon that's yummy. And couple of different cheese laid out there. During dinner time, their crab leg is really nice because they have those chopped and easy to eat. They also have some fun dishes, like all the alcohol dipped fruit. Prime rib is also good if you are meat lover.
4	Got there early.. frankly speaking only reason we got here early is because we didnt even sleep and were still on the tables playing since the night before.  We had coupon for buy one get one free so the day already started on a well note.  No one was in line when we walked there so we were seated quickly.  Well it's a breakfast buffet so there is only so much of everything you can serve. They had eggs, sausage, patties, bacon, waffles, pancakes etc... you know all the yummy stuff anyone can serve during breakfast.  Had me some coffee and OJ and the waiter was prompt.  Clean and bright which is good for us at the time.  Will definitely eat here again when I am too lazy to leave the strip.
1	Went to eat at 12:30pm on Friday after thanks giving, wait time was 40-45 mins which is okay. They were charging 50 bucks per person as they were starting dinner at 1pm.. ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!! Who eats dinner at 1pm??? RIDICULOUS.. never going back there..
1	The ambiance was beautiful at The Buffet.  Unfortunately, you do not eat the ambiance.   The food here was simply terrible and the selection was very limited.  We went to the Buffet at 10 am and so we got to experience both their breakfast and lunch menu and it was very unimpressive.   Sushi - was simply terrible.   The rice they used was no sushi rice and so it was very mushy.   And the scary thing was that some of its plates were dirty.  Seafood - it did not exist.  No crab legs, etc.  Menu was very limited.  Grill - only had one beef item and a turkey.  Both were dry as hell.  Asian - again, very little selection.  The best item was the siracha sauce.  The food was not good.  I tasted a few items and passed on the rest.Italian - they only had pizzas and a pasta item. Both could have been purchased in the frozen food section of Ralph's so there is no need to go to Vegas for that.
5	Excellent food! Great choices! We came for the breakfast buffet and were very pleased in all aspects! Get here early to avoid the rush we got here about 9am
2	Food was sub par, service was horrible as the waiter was rude .  selection is so limited that it is a joke!
4	Lovely atmosphere and it's quality over quantity. The Mexican food section of this was not overwhelming though, pretty standard. However the rest of the selections were excellent quality and not your typical casino buffet fare. Worth the extra $$.
4	I seriously think this is one of the best buffets in Vegas. It's focus is on quality over quantity though it is a pretty big buffet and not everything is amazing here but most of what they do is pretty awesome. What wasn't good? The congee station. Wow, really rough and hard to put down. Definitely don't recommend it though I was amazed they even had one. Some of the fish dishes, the fish came out somewhat dry. Some of that sausage has been sitting there for a while so dry and not hot but you can still get some good bites off that station. Dessert has really improved a lot over the years. Use to really suck but has definitely gotten much better.
2	Wow this buffet is so shitty I'm writing this review at my table. This place has good reviews and friends said it was good so we decided to try it. Came at 1pm on a Saturday and got sat about 2pm. The wait was brutal but expected.. It was about $100 for two people including drinks so pretty average. The food selection was horrible.. Old stale pizza, nasty chicken, old Asian food.. Pretty much everything was old. I'm eating with 3 people who all hate their food as well. Even buffets with shitty food are usually ok in some ways but this place has nothing good to offer. The food doesn't even look appetizing to start with. The only thing that looks decent is the desserts but I haven't tried them just yet so 2 stars for that. The decor is old and the table is so so far away from the food it sucks. Don't bother here go to Wicked Spoon so far it was the best! ..Just tried the desserts and they sucked too.. the best part of this buffet was my pineapple slices and the fact that my mimosas kept comin!
1	The food is excellent but with little difference between the other main Vegas strip buffets. The 1 rating is due to the rude service we received trying to seat our party of 8. We respectfully and repeatedly tried to tell our seating waitress that we will not split our party. Instead they tricked us by walking us to the back, and then telling us we need to split tables or walk back. I will definitely tell my friends not to go here.
2	The environment was good, but unfortunately the food was completely opposite. For the money (Diner-$38+/person)  I would much rather have gone elsewhere. For starters the sushi was inedible the rice was all mushy and the variety of sushi was disappointing. The next issue was the prime rib, it was so tough it felt like I was chewing on old bubble gum. The tri-tip was more tender but, it was fairly dry. There were no fish items present but, there was mushy shrimp and crab legs. The Italian food consisted of pasta and pizza. Both were ok but, certainly not excellent. Lastly the dessert selection was very bland. I felt that their only good dessert was the gelato. Overall my experience was satisfactory but, I definitely expected more from a world class hotel.
5	Wynn wins Bacchanal.I paid $90/pp for Caesars Palace buffet ($59.99 price for holidays + $20 to use the express lane + TIP which they expect), and after all is said and done I just keep thinking: Wynn buffet, I miss you.$45 is nuttin for the quality you get at Wynn.  Every dish tastes like what you'd get at a restaurant if you'd order separately.  And I love the garden area.  I think Wynn is also more organized.
3	An OK buffet. Given a ridiculous line, I would expect the food is awesome. Alas, while the selection is immense, there is nothing spectacular about it. For example, sushi selection is limited to only 4 usual suspects (california roll, unagi, tempura sushi), no fancy dim sum in Chinese section but a regular pot sticker or nice meat selection. While selection is standard, nothing was bad either. The unlimited Alaskan crab legs were a plus for an otherwise regular buffet if you can wait in long lines. There is an extra for $20/person for VIP lines which get you to your table in 10 minites instead of 2 hours. Something to consider if you REALLY want to try this place an yet short on time.
5	The best buffet ever! A long line but well worth it. My husband and I have been here twice for brunch. $42 per person. I would NOT bring anyone under age 15 here. They will  pretty much end up only eating bacon and not enjoying the real variety. I say this because both times that is what I have seen.
4	Yum Yum Yum! This place is definitely 5+stats! But the reason why I gave this a 4star was because the lines are SUPER SUPER LONG(2-3hours) but I understand that it's normal. The thing that makes the lines long are that the people do not clean up the tables fast nor efficiently enough. When standing in their long lines, you can even see some tables being left dirty for 30minutes without anyone cleaning up.
2	It doesn't worth 3 hours wait at all. So disappinting. The asian food they have is worse than every asian resturant i have ever been, like the kimchi is too spicy and dry. The pot sticker is just frozen food that you can get in walmart. They don't have much seafood, only shrimp, crab leg and oyster(and the oyster was not really fresh), and the dessert was just ok for me, the cramel pudding was not cooked well, too mushy and they don't have much flavor for ice cream. Other food like steak and lamb was good, but overall it's just lack of choices and the food is just not very satisfying! Most importantly we waited in line for 3 hours, it's just not worth it. I've been to Le Village buffet in Paris Hotel and it's much better they have basically the same food and less time to wait, besides it's cheaper.
2	Really long waiting, mediocre food, below average and sometimes rude waiting staff. I have had buffets in multiple places in Vegas (Aria, Bellagio, Paris, Caesar's Palace) and Wynn is worse by orders of magnitude. After waiting in line for an hour and a half, the first thing our hostess told us was that we had 2 hours to finish. I felt welcome right then! After that, the waiter, who only had to bring us drinks, brought us water in the beginning and did not come back even when we asked him to. And then one of the busing guys seemingly jokingly did an act with couple other staff members to kick out folks sitting on the table next to us since they only had 8 minutes left for their 2 hours - the effect was that they left, and the rest in the room were left with a bad taste. And the food was nothing to write home about. If you're in Vegas, you have so many options that this buffet is certainly worth skipping. This is my first review on yelp. I was so annoyed with the whole buffet experience at Wynn that I registered with yelp and wrote the review sitting at the table!
2	I've been here a few time during their early years and the food was great. Defiantly top 3 buffets on the strip. But we haven't been back for about 5 or 6 years so decided to have dinner here. The Adult dinner price was $54.99 which is about the same compared to other properties on the strip. I've been here before in the past and this time around I feel it's really gone down hill. Food seemed old, minimal selection, and service was really slow. For the price I don't think it's worth it.
4	Yum Yum Yum! This place is definitely 5+stats! But the reason why I gave this a 4star was because the lines are SUPER SUPER LONG(2-3hours) but I understand that it's normal. The thing that makes the lines long are that the people do not clean up the tables fast nor efficiently enough. When standing in their long lines, you can even see some tables being left dirty for 30minutes without anyone cleaning up.
3	Great presentation of food with beautiful opulent decore should satisfy most standards. Food at The Buffet is definitely quality over quantity. Food selections are limited to only hand full of choices, but are prepared in a way how a fine dinning restaurant would serve them. Drinks were very refreshing as well as fresh. The service however was bit of a disappointment. The waitstaff at the table and at the food station did not match the level of expectations one could have when visiting such establishment.
3	The selection and the taste were OK at best. The Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan wins on both counts as well as on friendlier service. Compared to a few years ago, the buffet at Wynn seems to be on a decline.The garden-like central area is nice but it's pretty small and most of the people are seated in much less nicely decorated areas.
1	False advertisement!! My friends and I are not happy w the food here...it is a big dissapointment. We paid $60 for $10 worth of food. :(
3	As a Vegan visiting Las Vegas for the first time from the UK, I'd done a little research as to where I would be able to eat relatively close to the strip. I'd heard from a close friend that this would accomodate a vegan diet as the owner of The Wynn was vegan himself.We arrived in plenty time knowing there would be a relatively long queue, but the wait overall wasn't too bad- roughly 30-45 minutes. The seating, as far as my first buffett goes, wasn't bad at all. Good space between tables and clean tables.When I went up to pick my first plate, to be honest, I was a little disappointed. I went over the whole buffet to see what the vegan options were like and I wasn't really impressed. There were some potatoes and mixed vegetables (which, to be fair, are standard fair at any restaurant), also some rice dishes. However, there wasn't anything set out particularly for vegan customers. I asked a few chef's at each section if there was an available vegan option (or if a dish was vegan that wasn't labelled as such) and at each section I was told "no" or "not available". Which, again, was surprising to me, considering the owner of the hotel is known for "accommodating" vegan customers. The desert options matched this also, but to be fair the few options available to vegans- tapioca, especially made chocolate-chip muffins and sorbet- were more than adequate to finish of the buffet experience. However, overall, I feel that $40.00 for this experience was very expensive for a vegan customer looking to get something a little better considering the basis behind the buffet. A shame really!
3	After visiting LV for 5 times, I finally tried out the buffet. The food is generic, environment is less luxury. Like wicked spoon a little bit more. Haven't tried Ceases place buffet this year, but they were really good for last years' new year Eve dinner. Service is not bad.
2	Went during the Christmas Holiday to New Year's time period so Sunday Brunch was about $40 a person. Was it worth it? No. Maybe because I'm not a breakfast food person and most of the food were breakfast items. The line went pretty quickly. We were in line, paid, and seated within an hour.They had a bagel station, shrimp cocktail, sushi area, Asian inspired food, create your own omelette station, carving station, create your own eggs benedict station, Mexican inspired food, breakfast pizzas/pastas, cheese/breads, oatmeal, and salads.I got to try their smoked salmon which was nothing special. Prime rib was pretty salty, but they cooked it medium so not as pink as I would have liked. Plenty of shrimp cocktails, but how could you mess that up? Eggs benedict was a fail. You have a choice of lobster, original, and other choices, but they ran didn't have lobster or canadian bacon so you only had the choice of pork loin. Why ask me what I want if that's all you have! I ate a bite and threw it away. They had a congee (Asian porridge) station as well which I thought was pretty cool, but it wasn't hot at all, it was like room temperature...As for the desserts, I was expecting something spectacular! However, I was pretty disappointed. They have 2 sides of desserts and they were all basically repeats. They have a small selection of cakes, ice cream, and other stuff. The only thing that stuck out to be was the passionfruit tapioca, but I just scrapped off the passionfruit and ate that.Service:Our server was friendly to everyone else, but us. Took awhile to take the dishes away. Took awhile to refill our glasses and wouldn't even bother if we didn't ask. Most likely won't be dining at this buffet again...Come closer to dinner time. That's when they brought out the snow crab legs, oysters, and lamb chops!
3	For $43 brunch on a Sunday afternoon + an hour wait, I thought it was just O-K. I feel like I basically paid a good amount of money to eat an omelet and some crab legs. I was pretty upset about how gross their oysters looked. They were so NOT fresh; they were BROWN. The selection was meh, the food was meh, the desserts were also meh. Everything about this buffet screams mediocre. It's funny because as we were waiting in line to get in, we had several people telling us not to eat here. We were stubborn and got stuck with trying a whatever buffet. I don't think it's worth trying unless you want to waste your money and wait a long time for disappointment.
4	It is amazing. Very decadent and worth the price. I tried a little of everything excluding all off the pork and beef dishes (which is quite a few things). I found myself laughing at how ridiculous I was at 830 in the morning. Artisan cheese and grapes salmon salad chicken noodle soup sushi fruit yogurt some kind of shrimp egg roll  and sooooo much more was delicately crammed into my mouth. I will come back here every time im back in Vegas. I heard that the line can be very long at times but that was not our experience.
3	Good, but not great Vegas buffet. A bit disappointing after an incredibly long wait and pricey charge (at the holiday rate). They have all the classics, but very few special offerings or star dishes. I found the food variety and flavor to be stronger at the Bellagio and Bacchanal buffets. The sole stand out was the apple cranberry cobbler. Fantastic end to a so-so meal.
4	Not exactly a home-run, but it was a pretty satisfying meal. ---Quick summary:Too many choices? Just focus on these three items: prime rib, Alaskan crab legs, and Asian food (e.g. Shrimp bao, fried dumpling, leek cake).My no-no list: beef slider, rib-eye (just get more prime rib), madeleines, creme brulee---Holiday dinner price was $47.99 and the wait felt like forever ... had to wait about 90 ~ 120 minutes. Plate #1 (Sushi, seafood, and Asian food) - Shrimp bao (I liked the sweet bun), fried dumpling (very impressive, one of the top fried dumplings I've had), leek cake (flavorful), spicy salmon hand roll (a bit disappointed, it didn't hit the spot), BBQ eel nigiri (above average quality for a buffet), California roll (above average quality for a buffet), and Alaskan crab legs (already sliced open, juicy and flavorful)Plate #2 - medium rare prime rib (expect a long line, one of the best prime rib I've had - tender, juicy, and irresistible), lamb chop (tasted a bit dry), bratwurst (not bad at all), chicken sausage (not bad at all), mashed potato, ham, beef slider (terrible bun and dry meat, could not finish it), rib eye (did not like it, tasted pretty dry), asparagus (juicy and crunch, good), green bean casserolePlate #3 - baked salmon, orecchiette pasta basil pesto & grilled Mary 's chicken. four cheese ravioli, chicken parmesan roll (all plate #3 tasted pretty decent) Plate #4 - creme brulee (sugar crust didn't taste right), tiramisu (excellent), madeleines (didn't like the texture), cream puff (good), gelato (chocolate peanut butter and cappuccino) Plate #5 - fried rice (not bad for a non-Asian buffet), Caesar salad (gotta eat some vegetable right?), Kate & Jicama salad (candied walnuts, grapes, blue cheese & raspberry vinaigrette), green apple salad (crunch, crunch, crunch ... yummy), fried tofuDid not try: customized pasta station, cold cut bar (cheese, salami, prosciutto, etc), pizza (there was steak & egg pizza), and artisan bread station.I wish there are more ice cream flavors. Anyhow, I would return if I don't have to wait for more than one hour again. And this time ... I'll only focus on prime rib and crab legs.
2	I am updating my review after my recent trip to The Buffet on December 28, 2013.  We arrived in line at about 7pm and were told it would 1 hour and 15 minutes wait.  So we waited.  Two hours later we were seated.  When they seated us they said there is a two hour limit that we can be at the table.  Having been sat at 9pm two hours of dining would take us to 11pm which is about when they close anyways, not like they were going to seat someone else at our table after we left.The other thing that caused me to change my review is that the normally $40 Saturday night buffet was changed to $48 because it was a "holiday week".  December 28th is not a holiday and should not be charged as such, especially when there was nothing extra added to the buffet for "holiday week".Next time we are in Vegas we will be hitting up a different buffet.
2	Wynn, you have to be eff'in kidding me. I know you feed your employees better than this in the cafeteria.  Most of the food was per bunk.  You didn't even have lox with the bagels but you have no problem charging 40 bucks for breakfast.  Shame on me, you lost me for life. The food: The only good thing about the food was the desserts.  The sushi was similar to  gas station sushi.  It was not fit for human consumption.  Make sure you confirm they are not serving breakfast.  I made the mistake and it was super expensive for pancakes and bacon. They had no quality breakfast food at all. Shoney's quality at best. The line: 1 hour and 30 mins for sub par food. I should have went to McDonald's. NEVER AGAIN!
5	Holy S word this buffet is GOOD! Lots of food selections and all high quality. The steak was out ofSave room for dessert! Would def come back.Oh ya and actor Kal Penn(Harold&Kumar) was sitting a few tables from us.
4	My family and I decided to try The Buffet at Wynn on Christmas day for their lunch. Fortunately, we arrived a little before 10 am (this is important) and our wait to get seated didn't take that long. The decorations looked a little stuffy, but that doesn't really matter at a buffet. It's not like I'm trying to eat the walls.I started all the way on the right and made me way through the buffet. There was plenty of choices and I got pretty excited to see a small bowl of kimchee. The food that I grabbed tasted pretty good and I went back for seconds.Then I went to the dessert area. There were lots of cute desserts that I haven't seen at other buffets before and I saw two gluten-free desserts. I really liked the cinnamon spiced cupcakes, though without the cream cheese icing on top and a few of the chocolate desserts. I tried the hazelnut ice cream and enjoyed that.
3	After reading a review about The Buffet being better than the Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan, I decided that I had to give it a try. Wow! The dessert room is so spectacular I thought I had wandered into Mr. Willy Wonka's private kitchen. Let's just say that my sweet tooth went overboard on a sugar binge. Macaroons, gelato, flan, chocolate this, caramel that, cakes, pies, and even a candy apple made it into my montage of sweet decadence. The rest of the buffet is good, but for this price range, I still prefer the buffet named after naughty cutlery.
3	Good as far a buffets go. The service was a little inattentive and the food was a little uninspired. It was totally overpriced for brunch but that's what I expect in Vegas. Still, they can accommodate big groups which is nice. Like another reviewer said - there is just no wow factor. I expect more from the Wynn, this buffet is pretty tired.
5	The wait was a little over an hour and the price is a bit much, but it was worth it.  The selection was so huge and the food was so good that the 2 hour dining limit was just enough time. Had a great experience here!
5	They say what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Not this review about the Wynn buffet though. The people need to know how amazing this place is!By far one of the best buffets I have ever been to! You pay about $44 during dinner hours for an AYCE GOURMET buffet. None of that quantity over quality stuff.  It's all quality here at the Wynn in Las Vegas. If that isn't enough to convince you to give it try, they say you have a 2 hour time limit. However, that is only if they are packed with people. If there is enough seating then stay as long as dinner permits (3pm-10pm actually) or until they kick you out.In general anything you get here will taste above average; however, that may be an understatement, it is gourmet food after all. I feasted on endless amounts of crab, shrimp, prime rib, rib eye, lamb, and sorbet. YUM! The meats were cooked medium but you can ask for it differently and boy were they juicy. The seafood was awesome, and the sorbet was amazing as well.Overall: the service was friendly, the decorations look like you're in Wonder Land, and the food was amazing. It was well worth my $44, and I will definitely make another trip here the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Richard Pro here with another review.My first time to the Wynn buffet, and it was extraordinary. We waited about thirty minutes and were seated in the atrium in the buffet, It's probably the nicest area in the entire place and I'm quite surprised we got such a prime seat. Sunday brunch was pretty expensive but ultimately, you get what you pay for. The desserts, quite simply, make you drool because there are so many varieties and they're quite pretty. Someone will hand scoop gelato for you if you so desire. Everything is beautiful and arranged perfectly. You'll find a delicious array of delicacies like smoked salmon pizza, an antipasto platter, muesli, a cranberry/cheese ravioli, and thickly sliced cuts of meat like turkey, roast beef, bacon, and ham. The bacon was my absolute favorite. It's not supermarket bacon, but a delicious hunk of goodness.Interior--extremely bright and inviting. You can probably sit for three hours, which is what I did.5 stars. Best buffet in Vegas.
3	It was okay, flavor wise. Nothing outstanding. There were a lot of Chinese items but the Japanese section was kinda limited. I felt skimped.I left nothing but rice balls on my plate, hell no I ain't falling for that.
3	A beautiful setting full of uninspired food. Given the price, which is on the absolute high end for Vegas buffets, I expected some memorable or signature breakfast and brunch dishes. Instead, there was the same omelette stations and piles of croissants and cheese boards that you could anywhere.I'm not saying the food was bad. Everything I had was perfectly tasty. But to justify the cost, you almost have to imagine that you're renting a beautiful ballroom for an hour and getting the food for free.
3	The brisket and the prime rib was very good and the dessert was amazing, but the service was terrible. Besides that, I would recommend it (:
5	Awesome like the last time I was there. The prime rib was more well done than last time, but I like medium rare and the au jus made up for it. The Apple butter chicken was like chicken and waffles in one and was a nice surprise. I also had the rack of lamb, meatloaf, hen, shrimp cocktail, sushi, fried rice, crepes, gelato, oreo cake, creme brulee, tiramisu,... pretty much everything I tried was good. Can't wait to go back! I've tried the Cosmopolitan and Caesar's Palace buffets and they were fine, but this is my favorite.
5	I went here with my family for dinner on a Friday. Everything was delicious and the service was great. This will be my go to buffet in vegas.
3	I thought the deserts were outstanding but the waiter never brought refills on drinks unless we flagged him down (3 times) and the crab legs were tiny. The prime rib was overcooked.  It was great but not worth the money.
1	I went during the weekend brunch and found the buffet really disappointing.  I can't imagine anyone waiting in line for it.  It doesn't feel that far off from college dorm food or ponderosa with a few dishes from panda express sprinkled on top.  If for some sad reason you end up here, the best dish was the waffle-batter fried chicken.
1	I think this place is OVER GRADED by other comments. It is not worth $40 buffet at all. It is just an ordinary buffet where you only pay $20. This is my first time eating buffet and I did not know what to eat after my first or second plate. There is nothing to pick or choose since they dont have many variety. There sushi is very veryyyyyyyy limited (california roll is all I can see) , no sashimi. King crab leg are cold , not HOT. Not much seafood to choose. the Only reason I give them 1 star because they have very good lamb chop. That was all I ate that night since there was nothing else to eat. I think this place need to upgrade their menu or at least reduce the price if they dont want to lose more customers. Definitely I WILL NOT COME BACK HERE AGAIN for a long long time until I heard good change from them. The worst buffet ever in Las Vegas, Rio or Bellagio is much better. Even Panda Express is way better food or $$$.
1	I paid $40 per person for New Year I was extremely disappointed thinking that the food would match the 5 star rating the hotel has. The decor and resturant is very elegant and beautiful but the food is terrible and expensive.  I left feeling ripped off as the food crap and I would of been better off going to Dennys for breakfast.
2	I never go to a buffet expecting to "beat the house", but at half a C-note, you will have a hard time eating enough to break even.  As a vegan, I took a risk on this place and it wasn't too bad.  There wasn't anything that was explicitly listed as vegan, and the staff wasn't sure what did and did not include diary (absolutely no desserts available without dairy).  The fact is that I ate more than my fair share of white rice and Kale salad in an effort to fill my stomach.  They are pretty tricky with the buffet . . . most items comes in its own dish, which significantly reduces the number of items you can take at one time.  The more time you have to feel full, the less you will eat . . . they have everything calculated in Vegas.  I wouldn't go back because there were too few vegan options.  However, the staff was the nicest I have experienced in any Las Vegas hotel and they went out of their way to make us feel comfortable.  Espresso drinks are not included in the buffet and must be paid for separately.
5	There was only one thing I didn't like about this buffet... that was I got full too fast! I got so overwhelmed by their selection, I didn't know where to start. Seafood, Asian, French, Meats, Cheeses, Italian, desserts and more?? AHHHHHH!!!! Since everything was so good, I'll have to recommend one item which was the smoked salmon pizza! It was very smokey and flavorful with the perfect thin crust to go with it. If their brunch is this good, I can't even imagine what's for lunch and dinner!
2	We been here several times in the past and the food was great, looks like They have went the cheap route. One of the reasons we enjoyed them in the past was for the quality which was not there on this trip. Caesars buffet however seems to have the right idea. Bring back the quality ingredients that made this buffet so good in the past!
5	The buffet at Wynn was advertised as the best in Vegas. It lived up to the hype. The lobster frittata was possibly the best breakfast dish I have ever had. Everything was freshly made including the chicken sausage. Sushi was good. Cut off the slab bacon looked great but I did not have it. Service at table was not great but I did not care. The food was that good. You must come! Gluten free friendly too!
3	Went here with the fam the week before New Years. It was considered a "holiday", so after waiting in line for about an hour (maybe more?), we paid $50 to get in. I was thoroughly impressed by the decor here. Between the holiday displays outside, to the giant hotel gingerbread display and the floral arrangements all inside, it was definitely a beautiful place. I spent a good amount of time looking around at the intricacies of the decor here. Service was just OK here. Our waitress kept forgetting what drinks we ordered; not just once, but maybe 2-3 times. Other than that, it was ok. Food selection was pretty limited in terms of what they had, or maybe I just didn't like the majority of their selections. I ended up going back for a lot of the same things. I will say that I am impressed by their dessert bar. A lot of different options and varieties. They are a bit stingy with their apple cider though, which they would pre-pour and serve about a shot or less of it, which I thought was weird. Anyway, I thought this place was pretty pricey for what they offered; I probably wouldn't come back.
3	It's been a while since I've eaten here, but it was very meh and overrated when I did. I had heard this buffet be hyped up to an extreme and was pretty disappointed. It gets 3 stars because I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. We caught a night showing of "La Reve" at the Wynn, so we ate at The Buffet afterwards around 8. The crowd was dying out and it seems like the buffet was about to close, so maybe that affected the food selection and temperature. On the positive, the place was nicely decorated and the Wynn is a beautiful hotel.
5	I came here for dinner right before a show at the Wynn Theater. And I must say what a buffet experience it was. When one thinks of a buffet, this is not the generic one that comes to mind. If anything, this place is far from that. The decor is very aesthetically pleasing. Being located in a classy hotel like the Wynn one can only expect this. The bathrooms are very clean and easily placed near the eating area for one's convenience. The hostesses were very friendly as well, seating us close to the food. WIN!! :)The food is what people come here for. They have a wide selection of choices, one will surely find something to satisfy their stomachs content. What I found most enjoyable was the beef brisket, ham, maple syrup battered fried chicken, seafood, and even Chinese DimSum like Shu Mai which I was very surprised to see. The Shu Mai here was excellent, in many ways better than NYC Chinatown Dim Sum! I had a pineapple juice which was tasty, as far as drinks go, they will bring you anything ranging from coffee, tea, juices, sodas, water, etc. The price per person was $40 for dinner, plus tip you're looking at a flat 50 which is very reasonable being a buffet with quality food and great service. The waiters keep clearing your finished plates off so by the time you're back its grub time. For those who loves to gorge on endless amounts of delicious food with a great selection, this is Buffet Heaven. This is an ideal place to grab dinner right before a show in Vegas.
4	Great variety, not too expensive and the food looks like it moves and is not sitting forever. Highly recommend it.
3	I've been here twice now.. and both times were nothing out of the ordinary. For $36... I had much higher expectations. Dishes I liked:-Prime rib--pretty tasty :)-French toast--always down for delicious brunch food-Coffee was good!-Parfait--yum!What needs to be improved?-Sushi... now that was nasty! -Please make some dim summm. That's what I was craving! :(-Pizza.. wasn't very good.Overall... wouldn't be my first choice of buffet in Vegas.. definitely not worth $36..
5	Just looking at a picture of the interior of this buffet on Yelp convinced me that I had to come check it out. And walking in, I was totally satisfied with the super cute, floral and  garden theme of this place!Came here for brunch and looking at their condensed menu at the front door is kind of deceiving. There is SOOO much to choose from! Including a whole section of desserts right in the middle, which one plate definitely did not hold. There is so much selection including your normal continental breakfast stuff, salmon dishes (including salmon pizza!), cheese, pate and crackers, Asian, Italian, Mexican, Meats, American, a few seafood.. pretty much anything you crave, you will probably find it. I had a small portion of everything I wanted and did not have any complaints about the food, which is a really good sign when I eat at buffets. Overall, super cute atmosphere and great food! And brunch wasn't too pricey either!
3	I'm giving this a 3 star because I'm ways kind of ehhh about buffets in general -- too much food and never worth the price tag for me, unless it's on a cruise :p. this buffet had a good variety of foods, there were a lot of vegetarian options but I wouldn't say that the options tasted that amazing and I think that's where my problem with buffets comes -- it's just a lot of average tasting food. Not to mention that since I'm vegetarian I end up feeling a little jipped since I can't try all the options. Nevertheless, the weekend brunch was only $35 so not too bad. Oh btw if you go with a larger party they add more fees which was irritating since we had a party of 15. The desserts are good :D
5	Five stars for the food (yum!) and beautiful whimsical floral environs.  Went at weekday breakfast and stayed through lunch, so got the lower price (pay as you enter) but the variety of both meals. Some of my faves were the wild mushroom tart, salmon and pork.  The desserts were amongst the best I've had at a Vegas buffet, esp. the passion fruit tapioca and I'm not usually a huge tapioca fan.  (oreo choc. mousse, choc.peanut butter pretzel thing and lemon glass tart were also delish).
4	It is so much better than Bucchanal. But the oysters were not good! Other than that, I did enjoy every single thing they offered from squid salad, rib, steak, dessert,etc. except pizza. Btw, who eats pizza at a 5-star buffet?!
5	Amazing food! A must go for vegans. Many thanks to Mr Wynn for demonstrating how delicious vegan food can be!
4	This is one of the better buffets on the strip in my opinion. It's not as big as many of the others but the selection is typically fresh and the line is clean. Two items that are a must are the watermelon salad and lamp chops that are cooked perfectly medium and are delicious. One of the negatives I have noticed on my visits is the service. On the last few visits it was hard to flag down our sever for refills and to clear plates. It's 50/50 as far as service goes as I've had great servers as well as awful servers, so it's basically a crapshoot.
4	Exactly what I expected. Lovely presentation. Great portion control for the deserts too. I especially loved the roasted garlic & cauliflower. Whole perfectly golden cloves & pine nuts too! Only negative,the pizza looked pretty sad, like mall pizza. Too bad I was not in the mood for crab legs, as I'm sure that feature is part of the price. They looked like the popular station for sure. Did I get my money's worth, yes! Did I eat 8 plates full of food, nope. I place my value on flavor, not volume. But hey that's just me!
5	Great food and atmosphere. Only thing though, there's not many stalls in the restroom so if you gotta poop, which you will, give yourself some lead time.For me, I had to use the restroom which is located outside of the buffet because I could not wait any longer.Bottom line is, when you gotta go you gotta give yourself some lead time.
3	Vibe- Cheerful CafeteriaPrice- $20 breakfastService- SelfFood- Overall the food at breakfast is OK. The quality is just not here anymore. The croissants are a must have. The pancakes get hard fast from sitting out too long. Bagels taste like they are from a grocery store bag. Pizza is disappointing. Lunch is much better. The overall assortment of meats and everything else trumps the breakfast selections.Desserts look impressive but taste less impressiveBathroom - Small one in buffet itself. But larger one in the hotel lobbyThe Bellagio Buffet is still the best in Sin CityWIGB? Yes
5	This has become a staple for our Las Vegas trips.The dinner buffet is so delicious. Amazing salad bars and great little fruit/cheese area. Yum lots of good cheeses. Tons of carving stations and the pumpkin gnocchi was to die for! Absolutely delicious. This is the ONLY buffet I feel is really worth the money and the hassle of buffets. TRY IT! Plus The decor is beautiful :)
1	I can't really say anything good about this place!!!! Definitely not worth paying the dinner price... Unless you like to feel that you've been violated. Didn't try the breakfast but both lunch and dinner were disappointments. You've been warned!
5	Take it from a local who's tried almost every buffet in town... if you only try one buffet in Vegas, let it be at the Wynn. Tips: - Dinner has much more variety than lunch, I'd wait for dinner. - First timers at the Wynn: Currently, you can signup for the rewards card and earn points for the buffet. So if you're already planning on gambling... - Save room for dessert
5	My bf and I went for Sunday brunch. We had a great experience. There was a nice variety of foods, a pancake bar, fresh cut slabs of maple mustard black pepper bacon, and a surprisingly tasty assortment of condiments like strawberry chili jam. I wasn't impressed with the croissants or cinnamon rolls, kind of hard and crumbly, but I'm not really a pastry lover anyway so not a loss. I'm not a dessert lover either, but the desserts were amazing and very memerable.  All I need now is a nap.
4	As good as it gets in terms of a buffet.
3	the hand sushi roll was good. Other than that, i was not impressed.
5	In my opinion, the 2nd best buffet after the Cosmo buffet, but a lot of my friends and family prefer this one instead. Still, there is no doubt that this is a true 5 star buffet- one of the only true 5 star buffets in the world.Designed with the utmost attention to detail in its looks and culinary offering, The Buffet at Wynn has an amazing salad bar, entrees, excellent meat selections for the steak lovers- lunch, brunch, and dinner have been fantastic here. There is a bathroom in the buffet. Come expecting a 20-30 minute line.
5	I came here today in the afternoon because i wanted to celebrate Valentine's Day with my gf. Folllw moat ppl's strategy, i arrived before 3 so i could enjoy dinner cuisine with 'unch price...salmon was so good, i ate a lot!!!!! Prime rib, turkey brace, and lamb were my favorite protein food...also had some crab leg, such a nice place..i will bring my family here next time . You guys must vistit this place!!!
5	Amazing!!!! The number 1 on my list so far aside from wicked spoon. Decor is amazing! They have one room for desserts, pancake station, alcohol spiked fruit, I am in love with this place!
5	This by far has been the best buffet I have ever been too! My girlfriend and I got a cool little package offer from Encore... Because we're cool like that! And it included a free show and free buffet. Last time we booked this offer the line was ridiculously long so we left. This time we went early around 9:30am and it was a quick line. We ended up staying so late that they brought out the lunch food, which we were able to get a little taste of. The breakfast buffet offered a variety of things such as cereal, different style of eggs, different types of pancakes (at the pancake station), Asian food, sea food, different meats (sausage, ham, bacon), different types of breads, etc! The dessert station had a wide variety of pastries, cookies, and ice cream.The best part of it all bottomless mimosas! You want to go to a good buffet in Vegas go to the best, and Wynn is the best!
5	I'm not much a fan of buffets, but since we were staying at the Wynn and heard the hype (and people flocking in from other Vegas hotels just to eat this), we had to give it a try.The weekend buffet was $33, which is a bargain considering the quality and diversity of the food.  Plus $33 doesn't get you much anywhere in Vegas restaurants anymore, so why not!75% of the stuff we put on our plate was fantastic, the other 25% was average.  But for a buffet, that's really good in my opinion.  You can get anything from Lobster Quiche, to Sushi, to Fried Chicken and Waffles.  And then after your first 5000 calories, the desert bars are impossible to pass up.You won't eat again all day and well worth the wait!
2	Truly wasn't too happy about this buffet. Especially since were at the Wynn, the buffet should be as great as the restaurant. The food wasn't kept hot and was pretty bland. I wouldn't recommend coming to this buffet. However if you're looking for the best buffet in Vegas go to wicked spoon in the Cosmo. You'll never go to any other buffet after that.
5	Omg this place is amazing I've been twice once with my mom and once with friends the food and dessert is amazing and I'm seriously a picky person when it comes to food.  $42 all you can eat in a weekday yes plz and Omg the ambiance with the flowers and stuff was so nice. Definitely worth the trip for dinner yummy food omg.
5	Saw a lot of good reviews for this place so since we were there we decided to make it a must to try out.  The line was very deceiving, they will have you line up outside the buffet and once you make it inside there's another long wrap around line just like the amusement parks.  The wait wasn't too bad when we arrived around 10 in the morning.  We made it in within 15~20 minutes I believe. They have an alcohol package for an additional 15$ and you can choose whatever drink from their menu you want with as many refills as you please.  Very decorative inside with a very flowery garden theme.  The food choice was amazing!  Let alone was there a lot to choose from but the quality of the food was superb as well.  The most random thing we noticed about the buffet was that it served congee which was very rare.  We enjoyed their congee along with their selection of ice creams.  I wish I could've ate more but I felt I got my moneys worth, a quick tip about the dessert section.  Stay away from the baked goods since they've been sitting out for a while.  I got a muffin and stabbing it with a fork did not pierce it, it actually cracked like a cracker.  Overall have a good eating if you're able to make it to this buffet!
4	Brunch was well worth the price.  I loved the smoked salmon and smoked salmon salad...delicious!!!  Although the prime rib tasted old but most of everything else I tried was good.  They kept the serving areas clean, A+.
4	This is the buffet that my girlfriends and i I always go to when we are in Vegas!Atmosphere: this is a super pretty buffet. The ceilings assays half transparent with tons of flowers and flower made arches around the dining area. The food sections were pretty nicely decorated as well. The dessert section almost looked like a dream land for girls haha. You can check the pictures on yelp, I don't think I need to describe too much here.Food: I would recommend: sashimi salmon, Japanese seaweed salad, tequila spiced watermelon, all the sushi ( they're all pretty fresh), congee( omg you have to get this! They have pork sung, thousand year old egg, Chinese donut and many many more options for you to put in your congee. It was legit! One white man behind me kept asking me what's that blue thing and I said its egg. He asked why is it blue... And I said it's fermented and you have to try it it tastes different from regular egg. And he decided to get a bowl of congee as well haha), French toast that's coated wi granola, prime rib, lobster quiche like thingy, apple salad, pancake ( you can make it your own with a lot of different things for topping it was so goodddd) and their ice cream( we tried all the flavors- mango sorbet, vanilla, chocolate, espresso, mint chocolate, pistachio! They were all very good and flavorful!) my friends also liked the ice cream sandwich which I highly recommend! I bet that you will find many things that you will enjoy!Price - it was about $35 for lunch buffet which was not bad at all.Service: it's a buffet so don't expect good service. Our waitress seemed super busy and it was hard to go find her. I wanted another glass of lemonade but she was in no where to be found. The cashier also double charged my credit card. Good thing that I found out otherwise I'd rather go to a super good steakhouse for $70+ instead of a buffet.. Now it's kinda annoying that I need to check my credit card for a few times to make sure they reimbursed me.. UghI hope that they had lobsters or crabs or oysters at the seafood section.
5	This place is amazing!!! So many desserts & made it order pancakes :] and the are delish!
3	I'll make this short! Looked for a weekend brunch for a girls weekend. The Buffet at Wynn had great reviews so we decided to give it a go. The wait was no joke! Be prepared to wait in line 45 mins to an hour on the weekend. There's a huge selection of different cuisines, which was nice but I didn't have anything that was just spectacular. They do have a $15 package for unlimited mimosas, wine, beer so that was definitely a plus! Our server kept our flutes filled at ALL times! ;) Their dessert bar was impressive. I'd go back just for champagne and dessert!
5	On the more expensive side, but definitely worth the price - the best buffet we went to on our trip. And let's be honest, if you're eating brunch here, you probably won't need to eat a real meal for the rest of the day (probably just a small dinner). Wynn definitely has the most variety for brunch, and I love the layout of the place. Come hungry, and if you go on the weekend, be prepared to wait for a while. The line moves fast though.Highlights: thick smoked bacon with honey mustard, prime rib (best I tried in all my meals here), seared salmon, grilled pineapple with rum and coconut milk. Also has the standard shrimp, smoked salmon, eggs, and tons of breakfast things - make your own pancakes and omelets, as well as sushi and a bunch of other random delicious things. Desserts are a world (and room) of their own! You can order your own ice cream sandwich with their gelato and any of their homemade cookies. For dairy free peeps, strawberry and mango sorbet are great. They also had a gluten and dairy free coconut tropical tapioca pudding, which was great!
4	The Wynn's buffet was very good, features were the crab legs that are already split down the middle, the italian food section, the chef will cook you up just about anything you want and crepes in the desert section. A little pricey at 40 bucks during dinner on the weekends.
3	There was every kind of food imaginable,but the only problem is the quality was not consistent. My boyfriend and I got this as part of our stay at the Encore, so we came for brunch on our last day in Vegas, only because it was free. We were told this was one of the better buffets in Vegas, and it was OK, but I expected more. It was decorated very prettily and the service was fast, but the food didn't quite cut it. I was imaging something completely different. I imagined grass fed beef, and the food to taste fresher, but that didn't happen. There is an italian, Mexican, pizza, seafood, omelete station, and every kind of dessert imaginable, etc. It was a beautiful place to eat with large flower arrangements everywhere, floating above the tables, but because the food was just average and tasted a bit stale from sitting under the heat lamps, we don't really feel the urge to return here. I recommend trying this place if it comes with your stay, but otherwise, try some of the other brunch places in Vegas for the same price.
3	This buffet is typical and nothing extraordinary.The carver for the meats is not very generous or polite like many buffets.The cashiers were very nice and the waiter too.
4	It was very quaint and lovely. Not the biggest menu but quality food. Everything tasted yummy and I think the best dessert selection. Especially for the price. Service was bad though....
1	Many better buffets to be had at better prices. Staff at the buffet area very rude. Look at you and turn away. Clearly marked to ask for help if you have food allergies but staff said they didn't know anything and couldn't help. Won't be back.
4	We made it to Brunch and the line was ridiculous!! But I had already come to accept that Vegas was just code for lines everywhere. Anywho..The food was good. I wish there was a little more of a selection in each cuisine, but I was spoiled by going to the Bacchanal a few days earlier..and this was also Brunch sooo maybe that's why. Their BBQ pork buns in the Asian section were so tasty!! I also tried some kind of beef, I don't know, the cook was hard to hear. But it was juicy and delicious!My bf and I were lucky enough to get seating out in the garden room area with all the pretty flowers. The service was pretty good. Overall, it was a nice brunch and we did stuff our faces. I wouldn't eat that candied apple though, unless you were looking to break some teeth! :P
3	The food quality was just okay. I had much higher expectations. Crab legs and shrimp are on ice so if you're looking for hot seafood go elsewhere. Beef was ok, sushi was very subpar. Like most of the food, desserts looked good but lacked flavor. Service was ok, although they cleared my table while getting dessert. I'm being generous with 3 Stars, more like 2.5.
3	I have a love hate relationship with this buffet...sometimes I come out feeling that was a good meal...other times I felt wow that could have been better. The last few times has been the latter. For one, I take the quality is just going down. I think compared to everywhere else, they do have the different choices with the exception of the pizza and the meats and breakfast, but that's just it. It used to be my go to buffet but it hasn't been for awhile.I don't know if it's just the Wynn but wth? The second to the last time I went my friend showed up with a muscle shirt and he wasn't let in because they have this no sleeveless shirt for guys policy in the buffet? Really it's freaking 100 degrees outside and you expect him to wear a shirt with sleeves? This isn't fine dining, it's a freaking buffet and it was 3 o'clock in the afternoon. What happens if we waited in line for an hour and then by time we get to the front you turned us away? that wouldn't have been nice at least it was quiet. But seriously, if you can come in into the hotel like that then you can go into the buffet like that..I can understand other restaurants but a buffet??? We didn't end up going back (the whole getting another shirt thing was just out of way) we ended up going to M Buffet. :P
4	I was recommended to try this Buffet over the Bellagio Buffet and I wasn't disappointed!  This buffet has a wide selection of different tasty cuisines and the best selection of desserts you can ask for...from gelato to creme brulee! I'm always satisfied with this place!
4	We couldn't get into the SW Steakhouse located in the same hotel (Wynn) for dinner, so unfortunately, we were all dressed up and no where to go.  We figured we would try The Buffet, and from the reviews, seemed like a pretty good place to eat. It was a fairly long walk through the casino and then what seemed like a really long lonely hallway to the restaurant. First tip, do not dress up to eat here...I was so overdressed, it made me feel a bit uncomfortable.  The quality of food (which is excellent) does not match the atmosphere of this very casual buffet.When you arrive, you're going to get a sense of tackiness...almost like you are eating in Cinderella's castle at Disney....But with all that being said, we had an excellent dining experience.  The food really is great here.  They had a very large selection, from fresh fish, steaks, salads, desserts, you name it, it was on the buffet.The buffet area is very big and spread out, so there were no lines to wait for food, or people shoving themselves into your plates to reach for something.  Excellent lay out.The night we were there, they were serving steamed Char Siu Bao in the Asian section, which is a steamed BBQ pork bun. I have eaten these in China towns across the country (NY and SF) included, and these were the best.  They also had a carving station  with massive bone in steaks and  prime rib.  They had amazing breads, vegetables, lasagna, pizzas, pastas, crab legs, lobster, shrimp, fruits, cheeses, caprese salads, ravioli's....the list goes on and on.  There wasn't one thing I tasted that I didn't like, and would have gone back for more, had I not been so full.  The dessert section is not huge, but then, who has room for dessert.  All the desserts such as the cakes and mousses were mini's.  They also served gelatto in a few flavors, which looked great, but I didn't have any that night.For the two of us, the bill came out to $100 which included tip and beverage. I thought that price was very reasonable for the amount of food offered.We would definitely make the effort to eat here again, when in Vegas.
4	Beautiful decor, great selection.  Oysters, crab legs and shrimp for seafood lovers and 3 carving stations for different meat.  For desserts, don't forget to check both sides of the station as there is a crepe station! We were there on a Friday, I don't know how much would be different to week days. There is a slight dress code in that men's shirts must have sleeves and women cannot wear clothing that is too revealing.
4	Great buffet!  You get lots of great food for your money!  Crab legs were great, as well as the poke!!  Yummy salads, excellent prime rib and quite the selection on cute decadent desserts.  Our server well... Didn't exist.  No refills on drinks.. Some one else cleared our plates etc.   We waited 20 min or so after dessert to pay for my husbands drink and tip him of course...but never saw him so we split (we had a show to see).  We watched as a long lined formed and tables just sitting with dishes and thought the line would move quicker if their servers/bussers did their jobs...  Just a thought.
3	My cousins was visiting from out of town. They really wanted too check out The Buffet since it had high rating and one of my cousins as much into yelp only wanted too try four too five stars establishment. I was down since never been here although thinking about my last buffet experience it was ok at best. I really came here with open mind but left with the same feeling that the whole experience was just ok. It had high points and low points with the food but really its buffet so hit or miss not uncommon. Maybe just over the years slowly became non fan of really any buffets would rather go for quality. Talk about different buffet line or maybe at the Wynn they did it on purpose too stand out from the rest. All the buffets especially ones on the strip the line is broken down into two lines with the same things and in the middle have the craving area. At The Buffet that threw me for loop thinking okay where does it start and end. I must admit depending on where you get sat makes you walk more too get your favorite spot of the buffet or just makes you want too load up extra save the trip come back. lol. Unfortunately were we got sat ended up opposite end of the crab legs, cocktail shrimp, oysters on half shell, and the sushi. Dam it. The crab legs was awesome. It nice moist, hot, and dip them in warm butter its heavenly. The oysters had couple different ones tried one not feeling it. The sushi was Terrible!! I know buffet sushi but really better off not putting any of that out. The rice was horrible, the nori was just as bad, and the fish question the freshness. The poke salad was miss too. Some of the craved items looked terrible dried out looking like the ribs, The chicken sausage was awesome. It was up and down recalling the whole line. The chicken pesto pasta and clam chowder that needs shout out! The dessert section was awesome never got around too trying the gelato. Love love the rice krispie pops that covered in white chocolate. I believe have three of them. I like the way all the desserts were displayed very elegant and even had fresh crepes. My cousin ordered on so we all shared and too be frank if they cooked the crepe more might have saved it. Bad. Three of us had one bite each like okay that enough of that one. Just like theme so many other good desserts from the creme brulee, raspberry cheesecake, tiramisu, and few more. I would still go back just make sure stay away form certain sections of the buffet. The service was good. Most part never had empty glasses and most part our dirty plates were gone by the time we go back from next round. U never think buffet be great place too people watch? If you sit near the front heavy traffic area. While we were there had group of bachelorette party up storm screaming saying hi too everyone. If know any dealers great spot you can wave too them on there breaks in and out.
3	Somethings were really good but there were a few things that were cold. Tad disappointed.
5	This is my all time favorite buffet in Las Vegas. My boyfriend and I have been coming here at least once a year for three years now. Every time we are in Vegas we make sure to hit this place up. All you can eat delicious prime rib and many other delicious meats! There's always a nice selection of various types of foods here and a lot of fresh desserts. The seating area here is so cute. I love how beautiful the inside of this buffet is. It is pricey but I definitely think it is worth the money! Just make sure to save your appetite for when you get here. I can't wait to come back (:
4	Great for people big on beef and pasta, not so great if you're more of a sushi and seafood fan. I liked Caesar's Palace's buffet better.
5	This was our first time there and we were impressed. The line to get in was a little funky and we were not sure we were in the right line for a few minutes. The price was reasonable and we recommend that if you drink alcohol you add the extra charge for the all you can drink option. It paid for itself after 1/12 glasses of wine.The food options were endless. Don't bother going to the Wicked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan, or any other "fancy" buffet that Vegas has to offer. The buffet at the Wynn Hotel outshines the rest. It is hands down, the best buffet for breakfast/lunch in Vegas, and at $23 per person, it's a great value too.My gf and I went around 11:00am, just when they were making the changeover from breakfast to lunch, and it was absolutely delicious. The variety of foods was impressive. Everything from thin crust pizza, mussels marinara, chips and guacamole, flank steak, pancakes, pasta with pesto, you name it, they had it. There was also a bakery area with an ice cream bar which was a great way to polish off a fabulous meal.Not to mention, the Wynn Hotel itself is absolutely beautiful.
5	Loved the decor , loved the food, biggest strawberries I have ever seen!! one word.......WINNING!!!!!!!
4	I'm not a fan of the casino, but I just ate at the buffet, and it was pretty good.My cousin and another couple joined us, and they also liked it.We got there at 10:30AM, so we had the pleasure of eating breakfast and lunch, because lunch started at 11AM.The price was on the inexpensive side ($21, which is low for a buffet on the Strip).And, even though the line was long, it moved extraordinarily fast, which was good because I was hungry (big surprise, huh).The only negative was that I bet my cousin that the flowers near the front of the buffet were real, and it turned out that they weren't.I guess that I'm a stickler for details, but all the flowers at the Bellagio are real, and they're both Wynn hotels, so whatever. Hopefully, someone else will visit and bet me that the flowers are real, and I'll get my money back.
3	In designing The Buffet at The Wynn, Steve Wynn and his team have endeavored to convince us that we are classy people, dining in a classy establishment, and definitely not a bunch of gluttons shoveling calorie-rich platefuls of heterogenous cuisine into our faces. But, while the floral arrangements and pretty finishings typical of The Wynn are a nice touch, they shouldn't be fooling anyone. The Wynn Buffet is mainly about quantity. With 10-15 different food stations, running the gamut from Chinese congee to US comfort food, it definitely delivers on the core promise of any buffet. More importantly, though, The Wynn has managed to up the ante quality-wise, even if many of the individual dishes fail to perform when taken in isolation. The prime rib was good, as was maple-battered fried chicken, and the bakery is a sweet tooth's dream/diabetic's nightmare. We waited just over an hour for the Saturday brunch buffet. While fairly long, this seems to be pretty standard for Vegas buffets (and for popular brunch spots), and if you're particularly impatient you can pay an extra $15 to skip the line. On the downside, many of the individual items on offer aren't particularly tasty, and are basically an example of "quantity over quality." Spend your appetite wisely, and avoid average offerings like wood-fire pizza and the pancake & omelet stations. We also found the speed of service overly slow at times, as plates and utensils mounted up on the table before being cleared.
4	The Buffet at the Wynn is still my favorite buffet on the strip. While here to visit my brother, we decided to eat not only on the strip, but at a buffet since we wanted the full Vegas experience. Because we haven't already done that yet on our 53238th visit here.So of course we came on a random weekday night where the wait was only about 30 minutes and the price was $34.99. What a steal!First thing everyone flocks to--Alaskan King Crab Legs. Yum. Some were still frozen, yuck, but it gives me time to digest.  Cocktail shrimps were fresh and abundant. Prime Rib was bombbb. I probably had three servings.The dessert though, was kind of disappointing. They've had a better variety before. Maybe it was already getting late and they didn't put out any more? But I barely wanted anything they offered. Sad face.All in all though, I think they have the best variety of foods especially compared to the other buffet *ahem*wickedspoon*ahem*.
5	We really enjoyed dining at the Wynn buffet on our last trip to L.V.  Apparently, and I agree wholeheartedly, it's one of the better buffets in Vegas. The selection of food items is excellent; it will most certainly satisfy the picky eaters out there. In summary, and to avoid rambling, I highly recommend this buffet to food lovers from around the world. Line ups to pay and get seated can be busy depending on when you arrive....but still worth the wait. The price for this buffet also depends on what day you choose to dine; it will cost you more Benjamins if you dine during the weekend.  This buffet experience is 100% a must do if you're in Vegas. I can almost guarantee your palate will not be disappointed. My family and myself can't wait to return to this gold mine of a buffet.
5	It's really fancy. The tables, chairs, and the building is really fancy. I'm a vegan and I was told they had a vegan section. Apparently I was misinformed and they actually have VEGETARIAN not vegan options. So I ended up eating a whole lot of salad and vegetables and such. There wasn't much variety with the vegetables so I had 2 or 3 plates of about the same stuff. I actually later ran into the manager and complained about how there isn't any vegan options. She actually said that she could have a chef guide me through the buffet and show me the vegan options and I took her offer. The chef was really nice, he lead me around the whole buffet telling me which foods I could and could not eat which was VERY helpful and kind of him. Too bad he took me around after I was around done eating.Overall it was great! I just wish they had more vegan options and that they would at least label them. The service was great. The overall picture of the buffet was great and it's a great place to go to (if ur not a super hungry vegan).
2	I'm not a huge fan of buffets so I'm a little biased. The buffet is average.  Service sucked, but that's to be expected.  You can't really judge a buffet by the service.  Price is high.  They also split us up because if you have a party of 7 or more they automatically add 18% for tip. We said it didn't matter and we could sit together, but they said they had no room for us and that it was really busy so they split us up anyways.  Oh well... It didn't really matter, but it wasn't that busy :)  I have been for dinner but this review is for both but mainly for lunch.  Food was average (at least it was edible) Most of the meat was overcooked and dry (maybe I came at the wrong time)Ahi tuna seemed frozen, definitely not fresh or it was soaked in a weird cucumber sauce.Seafood selection was minimal at lunch.My mom had the sushi and thought it was dry... I didn't even go near it.The chocolate ice cream had small pieces of ice in it, but it wasn't bad.  Just made it less creamy and a little crunchy.The lemon and apple desserts were good.  Most of the others were not (too generic... very sweet, but no depth)I liked the Caulifower, but the brussel spouts were tough.  Cheese selection was minimal but decent.  Note: I hate wasting food so I try to finish most of my plate. In a buffet, I'll take a small portion of what looks good and try it and go back if I like it.  I can't start with a huge plate and barely eat it... I've learned traveling its wrong to waste food.The only time this buffet is worth it is if you have picky eaters or starving crazy large appetite friends or family members.  The price for lunch is too much for what they service.  Dinner is more, but the food seems a little better... However, for the amount you pay, I'd rather be served a meal that they spend time cooking and amending if needed according to my taste.Honestly, everything looked better than it tasted.
1	It was awful. The food choices are limited for the price of $38 per person. The prime rib and rib eye were salty and undercooked. It was disappointing to dine at this buffet with high expectations. I guess I was expecting Wynn to deliver a fine-dining experience to match the elegant floral decor. Their Italian food was horrible without the authenticity of a fresh pasta dish. The Asian/sushi was generic with plain sushi.Most of their food selection was not hot and served fresh.
4	It's neck and neck with Bacchanal buffet. Both are the best buffets I've had in Vegas . The Buffet serves traditional American food with a twist and more. The decor is sooo pretty and whimsical and the service is always great!Came here for BREAKFAST on our last day in Vegas and it was amazing. $21 per person is a great price. Their food selection was very impressive for breakfast. So many different kinds of parfaits, egg dishes, pancake station, fresh fruits, cereal station, the best California rolls, variety of meats, and they serve crab legs and the most succulent shrimp cocktail for breakfast OMG! Everything we had was delicious.My favs...-Shrimp cocktail-lobster fritata-California rolls (best I've ever had at any buffets)-smoked salmon-banana and nutella parfait-watermelon infused with tequila-prime rib (amazing)-Thai chicken wings (wished i could eat more)Their dessert selection was more of classic and traditional and not too creative and unique in my opinion compare to other buffets. But it's still delicious.I took off 1 star because of how the cashier area is set up. The people who already paid are crowded around the cashier area making it a bit difficult for the people waiting to pay to squeeze in. People behind us were complaining to staff. But other than that, I highly recommend this buffet!
5	Went for brunch earlier and I loveeddd it. Their was huge selection and for $35, I think it well worth it. The restaurant is arranged by ethnicity of the food (I.e. Italian, American, Asian) and they everything from crab legs and prime rib to sushi and various pastas. The dessert selection is just as expansive. Delicious!
4	Let me preface this by saying that I don't actually like buffets. But, the company I was with really wanted to check this place out and it did seem to be well-rated. So that said...Pretty nice spread of options for food. Things seemed cooked just fine. Beer was a bit overpriced, but so it is with nearly every place on-strip. The line was abysmal, despite showing up between major meals (breakfast and lunch), it was still nearly a 45 minute wait to get in. Once inside, a significant number of tables were completely empty, so I am not really sure what the hold-up was.I would probably return, but only if the line is smaller.
2	Extremely overrated! Look elsewhereIn shorts, this place just enjoys its soaring reputation and provides poor quality food. (Except dessert)Quality?Beef here is overrated. $9 beef from local market easily surpasses the steak here.Thai fried chicken here is dreadful and dry.Red snapper and salmon are dry and fishy.Dessert is not bad.Worthiness?Expect variety of seafood - Nah! Shellfish bar is full of bagels while chilled seafood bar contains only fruit salad. Waiting time - horriblePrice wise - not worth it at allService - after the first glass of water, it was not filled.
5	This has to be the best buffet in Las Vegas!  My only regret was we weren't able to go to the dinner buffet.  If  you want to get the biggest variety of food to pick from, come here.  The atmosphere is beautiful, & the service was quick and friendly.  My daughter and I had the breakfast buffet.  Our server Mary asked if we had been before, we said no and she told us to take a walk around see all there was to pick from then take a plate and go for it!  It was great advice since there is SO much to choose from.  I tried to eat different things I wouldn't have at home for breakfast and things are served in small portions so you can taste and try new without having to take too much.  Everything was delicious and tasted freshly made.  You may have to wait in line for a bit but it's well worth the wait!  If you come to Vegas, this is a must!
5	So we pay the bill out front before we enter---2 buffets and 1 all you can drink mimosa/wine/beer (for me, of course) set us back $80. My husband is giving me that look like "you better be ready to make them feel our presence here!" Luckily, we skipped dinner the night before and were STARVING.  So we sit down and order our drinks and head to the buffet. I don't know what I was expecting, but this was my 1st Vegas buffet and WOWZAAAA! Sushi, shrimp, dim sum, rice, eggs, sausage, bacon, bagels, pastries, desserts, ice cream bar, pizza bar, omelet station, seafood station, salad bar, fruit bar, Mexican food....I mean Jesus H Christ! It was INSANE! I started with breakfast food and mimosas, but by round 3 I was drinking wine and eating sushi. I think we both went back about 5 times, and I had about 6-7 drinks. Needless to say we left feeling stuffed, ashamed, and I was drunk. We took a long nap afterwards! Only regret is leaving a 20% tip up front instead of leaving cash on the table where we know the server would get it! Can't wait to return!
5	Hands down my families favorite buffet in Vegas. Its worth the $38 if you can pack it in like us. We filled up on the crab legs and other seafood. I do wish they could lower the price for kids. My 5 and 8 year old were half price and only ate pasta and desserts. I'm still coming back every time I go to Vegas though. The food is fresh and high quality. The waitresses are nice and on top of keeping your drinks filled and getting your plates cleared.
2	I was very disappointed to experience such a poor quality and selection of food.the shrimp was okay, but all of the rest of seafood was marginal at best. There were no Alaskan king crab, only a third class snow crab.The mussels were dry and flavorless.There was only two selections for fish; snapper and salmon.The fish was dry.I went here thinking the Wynn might have a quality buffet, but I was wrong.I didn't try the prime rib, so I can't speak for it.Service was pleasant and standard.one review suggests that vegetarians love this place,  I can't understand why.The price was about $40.00I will go back to the Bellagio next time.
3	I know it's a buffet so I shouldn't have expected too much, but I did.. and I was disappointed.  The selections were pretty limited but they did try to hit many different cultures. I tried the prime rib, ribs, veggies, and other pretty standard things. Most of my party opted for the crab legs but thought it was too mushy. The dessert bar had a sufficient array of things like ice cream, small cakes, madeleines, puffs, etc.Overall, I don't think it's worth the hype or the price.
5	Amazing brunch. Loved the French toast, red snapper, and pineapple cup with rum sauce.
5	This is by far the best buffet I've been too in Nevada. People told me it was expensive but it was only $22 for breakfast and I thought the price was completely fair. The quality and assortment of food were both fantastic. My favorite thing being the pancake station where someone makes you fresh pancakes with your choice of toppings. It was at that point I fell in love with the buffet. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be back.My one complaint is what the hell if up with the outfits of the hostesses. They look like women's suits from the 80's. Tacky as can be.If you're not a cheap ass and are willing to pay more for quality than eat here.
2	Ok, so we all the know the WYNN is supposed to be exquisite, and although their resort is quite nice, their buffet "THE BUFFET" is maybe just slightly above mediocre.  My husband and I come to Las Vegas about every year for our "adult" get away and like to try many different restaurants.  We hadn't yet eaten anywhere at the WYNN and decided to give their buffet a try.  BIG MISTAKE.  I am not a picky eater, however, I had trouble finding food that tasted good anywhere on the buffet.  The food at their "Mexican" station was gross.  I am not of Mexican heritage and I make better food than that.  Same with the Italian station.  Just not really anything to brag about. I really wanted to like their food, and for the $50 a plate price I was expecting fabulousity on a plate, however, all I got was disappointment.  I will say, their desserts were good.  Not wonderful, just good.I would not recommend this buffet.  Go somewhere else.
3	I would love to give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5. However based on my experience dining in the Buffet at the Wynn, I will utilize this review for some constructive criticism with a few kudos. A combination that will accumulate in a 3 star review.  The Buffet at the Wynn is a dining area of elegant surroundings. I had the experience of dining in an indoor garden. It was an experience made better with seeing the sun as it shined through a glass ceiling. It was an experience supported through a $25 daily lunch price.  With so much investment in a luxurious interior, why was there so little in training? The service was mediocre at best. After the friendly hostess seated us, we kept waiting and waiting for a server. Finally we had to ask the hostess to send a server to our tsble. Why? In the Mirage, the very hotel that Steve Wynn created, on the spot the Cravings Buffet server asked what we wanted to drink. Ditto for economy buffets that include the Fiesta. Just like miso soup at the Wynn, the service was relatively nonexistent. It seemed that our friendly server was more interested in chatting with another server than taking care of our table. During desert, I had to walk up to him to kindly ask him for more coffee.  And the coffee is another area that constructive criticism hopefully could improve. When people are paying good money for a buffet, they appreciate when the server pours fresh coffee into their cup instead of a pot of coffee that had hot temperature challenges. To get to the chase the coffee fell short of the hot temperature and taste that I expected.  Further constructive criticism of the Buffet at the Wynn is numerous food stations with so few choices. The stations themselves are commendable.  They are Shell fish, chilled sea food, Asian, The Grill, American, Italian, Pizza, Seafood, Salad, and Specialties. But the selection is lacking. The most obvious example is the soup selection. There were only like three soups in the whole buffet. To my eyes it wasn't quantity over quality. The chicken noodle soup appeared to be mostly chicken and barely noodles. Where were the mushrooms in the Vegan Cream of Mushroom soup? Where were the soups that the people love? I would have appreciated if I could of chowed down miso soup, won ton soup, hot & sour soup, or egg drop soup. I was disappointed that I could find the standard buffet offerings like salmon but no shrimp or scallops. I could go on and on. But I want to address the point that each station had only a few choices, the antithesis of the Rio Buffet and when you get down to it a Feast Buffet. And my taste buds found little difference between the egg plant parmesan here and at the Orlean's Buffet. The small selection extended to the ice cream selection. I do not recall seeing gelato. I am sure that the common flavor of strawberry was nonexistent. And the scoop of the delicious capucinno ice cream was remarkably small at the same time of being a scoop short of the ice cream served at the majority of buffets.   I give kudos to some of the live stations. The Kalhi marinated steak was delicious. And I also thought highly of the shrimp and pork dumpling with garlic sauce.  The deal is that I work very hard for my money. Put it this way, I am not one of those guys that is going to drive out of the Wynn Ferrari dealership in a new Ferrari. But, sometimes constructive criticism goes a longer ways than the wheels of a Ferrari from a Wynn show room. With that said, in the near future I intend patronize what I consider better buffets on the Las Vegas Strip. Regardless I still give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5.
3	Its a buffet and I shouldn't expect more. While the selection was good I'm still not impressed. Only went again this second time because this is where my boss wanted to go while he was in town. Next time I'll try to steer him in a different direction.
3	It's was ok! I thought the reputation of the hotel would hold up in the buffet but it didn't . It was a step above hometown buffet. Pricey for what is it.
3	For the price you had to pay to get in, and the amount of time you have to wait in line, you would expect food that is really really delicious.The service is really nice here, people are friendly and come by you relatively quickly despite the size, so that's a plus.The food is really mediocre though. I tried a lot of the the food, and I was not too thrilled about the taste.  Some of the food that was tasty was: kimchi, steak, the ice cream, pasta, sliders, and pizza. A lot of the other foods were not too great...I would really advise you to try somewhere else instead of spending a lot of money here. If you want to eat at a buffet, there's Rock and Roll sushi, and a Korean BBQ (both all you can eat) about a minute down from Wynn hotel. Save your money, and try somewhere else rather than waste money on this place.
4	Wow. Great selection of food. Worth the price of admission.I got waffles, pancakes, french toast, scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, sushi, ravioli, carrot cake, peanut butter cake, tiramisu, pecan pie, and some ice cream.Don't judge me. It was my bachelor's party.
4	Overall a really solid meal.  Little disappointed on the variety this time as there wasn't as much that suited my taste as other times but everything there was great. It would be nice if the crab legs could be heated or the shrimp had a tad more flavor but prime rib was terrific, mashed potatoes were excellent and a bunch of other dishes were above average.  Good job overall again!
2	I heard good things about this buffet. I paid $80 for me and my bf. Well I was not impressed. There is selection, but the food is not that tasty. I'm comparing this buffet with the Bellagio that's where we went yesterday. The selection of deserts is limited. The meats here is not that good. The ribs were mostly fat. The pasta was not that good. My bf did enjoy the prime rib, better than the Bellagio.
2	I experienced better buffet, especially at Wicked. The variety was very limited in my opinion. The dessert was not as much as Wicked. I don't see why this is the best buffet, as it cost almost $40 for dinner, it's just a dollar cheaper on Sun-Thur vs Fri-Sat. The only good thing I liked was the veggies, but other than that, carving station was small, barely any chinese food, indian or greek. There was italian, but very very little. I think this buffet is more of a healthy buffet because they had a lot of veggies like salads.Dessert was snot great, it was either super sweet or just not good. I only liked the passion fruit tapioca, but discarded the passion fruit because it was too sweet. The raspberry cheesecake in a cup jar was good because it was light. I don't think you should come here if you're expecting larger variety. The flavor wasn't bad, but go to Wicked instead.
5	This buffet has great options for vegetarians and is a must for people who love desserts!When choosing a Vegas buffet, I was worried that most buffets cater to a crowd looking for great steak, seafood etc. I mainly picked the Wynn based on the dessert choices that I read about. I was definitely not disappointed in that regards.But the food really exceeded my expectations as there was a lot of variety even for vegetarians. While I went in expecting a great variety of desserts, it was the quality which impressed me more. Most of the bakery items rivaled some of the best bakeries I have eaten at. The number of gelato flavors was a lot less than Wicked Spoon but the quality was just amazing.
4	Price and waiting time is only reason i gave them 4stars.I been almost every buffet in las vegas.My rating is below.Win-wicked spoon-bellagio-rio sea food-paris-ceasers-paris..I can remember where i went but i will update when i remember.I love their dessert bar!You should try here!! Life time memory!French Japanese Chinese american you name it it is there.Fresh sushi and nice crab legs.I miss wynn be there soon again! If u choose odd time after one hour after prior time u can go in early!
4	The Buffet at the Wynn is truly stocked.You get such an enormous selection that you will fill yourself up to the brim wondering why in the world you are suddenly so hungry! I'm almost ready to hop into my car and go all the way to Vegas for some Wynn Buffet.Next to the selection, you definitely have artisanal chefs putting delicious contraptions together from behind the counter. I don't normally have a sweet tooth but the confections are hard to resist so do leave room for dessert.For the price, the selection and quality, it deserves all 4-stars!Enjoy!
4	It's hard to judge buffet spots, but I'm always excited to go to go to the Wynn.  Of the 5-10 times I've been here, this was my first time to go at an odd time, and it was a shift change.  We were slow to be seated, and the food seemed to be scarce.  At the most, I will say the food tasted like a juiced up Hometown Buffet and my main first plate I normally fill up on (or my money getter) was nowhere to be found, NO CRAB LEGS!!!!!!  My reason for judging with 4 stars though was our server was pretty good considering the amount of tables he had to tend to, the food I normally eat (crab legs) eventually came out (but I was on my desert run) so know that the Wynn normally is a better place to eat.  The main reason it fetched the 4 stars instead of what I felt like was a 2 star meal, was the desert.  This normally is my most wasteful part of eating, but favorite.  There was so much good to choose from, I just took one of everything.  Even if I personally didn't like the desert dishes, they were all great, and the crapes were the bomb.  Would I recommend this spot?  Absolutely, but I will say this, we found out there is competition in town, and I will be judging the next 2 this weekend that claim to be the better.
5	I can't give this place less than 5 stars. The service was outstanding. EVERYTHING was delicious!! Perfect portions for such a large Buffett so u can really "try" everything. They have a lot of desserts on sticks like brownies and marshmallow squares and candy apples! A large assortment of seafood kept my friend happy. I being a vegetarian, was pleasantly surprised at how much there was for me to eat. Usually we get jipped at buffets lol but I would gladly pay 35$ for the brunch here again!
3	This is the first buffet I have tried in Vegas, I just feel like it did not live up to all the hype. It was maybe an hour long wait at the door at 1130am, so we took the vip lane for $20 bucks each, that prolly then worked out to be $60 per person - pretty steep for the fare that they offered. It is more quantity over quality, and having said that sadly not as much variety. Plus points are that the desert bar was outstanding and service was good :)
3	Went for dinner, good tasting food but limited selections. For the price? Not worth it, you're better off at Bellagio's buffet.
2	The best thing I had here was the oreo cookie and cream dessert. Everything else was moderate. I made a call here to ask about the hours and the least they could have done was tell me there is a tshirt sleeve policy but I wasn't notified. So when I got there I had to buy a tshirt just to get into an overly pretentious buffet. Customer service needs improvement by giving the overworked staff a raise, improve management, and recognize those who work hard and provide praises/rewards consistently.
4	Save some $$$ If you want only crab legs/sea food.. eat/pay @ lunch time closer to 3pm before they switch to dinner price.Seafood comes out @ 330pm.My family and I ate around 2:15pm and stayed around until the crab legs came out @ 330 it was worth the wait!*Before entering the line read the buffet sign for ages/priceexample: if your kid can pass for an 8yr old: it's half price$$
3	hello this buffet was just okay the crab legs were split and cold but really good i loved them. other then that the food was good just nothing to brag about the salad bar was small, they had a different types of food areas but not much for the culture to choose from. the set up was weird, it was clean and beautiful place to eat, I like all of it, but just for the price you pay you don't have a lot to choose from
3	It's aightttt. Kinda pricey but good food.
4	Wow!  I showed up hungry, really hungry.  There was so much food that I doubted myself that I would be able to sample everything.  The quality of food was very good considering other buffets.  They had Asian, Italian, Mexican, BBQ, Seafood, healthy choices, unhealthy choices (my favorite), and more more more.  After the 4th plate, I had to wiggle and stretch like an anaconda eating an antelope to make room for MORE.  I was trying to get a new plate of food before they could remove my previous plate----I only managed to accomplish that once - only because a huge bachelorette party was seating.  Well........7 plates including ice cream and cheesecake.  I was not able to sample all the deserts, but I had to leave something to challenge myself in the future.  Next week I will tackle "the Wicked Spoon" - I can't wait!
4	After experiencing a buffet dinner back in LA, I finally have to admit that the Wynn buffet is exceptionally good. I was blinded by the lame tshirt rule and I am sorry for that. The Wynn buffet provides quality meats, grains, vegetables, and sweets. And I am thankful to be able to enjoy such a luxury.
4	I cannot give a buffet a 5, because it is never going to be 100% outstanding food. But for a buffet, this is the best one I have ever seen. The decor is like decorated like a French salon, bright decor, fresh flower and fruit center pieces, simply lovely. Their fruit, meets, typical breakfast foods were nothing exceptional, just typical buffet versions. What was exceptional was the lobster frittata, pepper jack hash brown cakes, the granola French toast, and the most amazing dessert buffet that I have ever seen! It was exquisite, every thing was in miniature, the tiramisu, ice cream cones, mini mouse Oreo cake, just spectacularly presented and tasty! Of the 3 buffets we tried in Vegas this time, the Wynn wins by a landslide.
2	Bordering near 3 stars.I had to wait like 6 years to finally eat at The Buffet at the Wynn!  And, wow, I ended up not being as enamored as I thought I would be.  I think I was spoiled a bit from other buffets.  Although maybe in their defense I didn't see the entire picture because we only went for lunch.  Maybe all the stops are pulled out for dinner?  I dunno.It was a lovely afternoon with the wifey and after the HELL that is parking on any Strip property, we were on our way to The Buffet.  Line was already sort of long, we waited about 25 minutes before paying to go in.  After being seated, it was off to the races!  I was too excited to wait for a drink order.  We approached the buffet line with a small crowd.  After the dust settled, what do I see?  A typical looking buffet?  Nah, can't be!  But overall, I was just not impressed!  What happened?  All the glowing reviews?  The heaps of praise?  I think my visit to Wynn's The Buffet came a bit too late, I really should have came when they first opened.  It just seemed so....average.There were glimpses of good things at The Buffet, but that's all it was.  Many of the items available for lunch would probably be par for the course at other buffets in town.  Cheeseburger sliders?  Check.  But the ones at Golden Corral are just as good, if not actually bigger.  Rotisserie chicken?  Check.  Come on.  Costco's in my opinion is good too.  Pizza?  Check.  Need I go on?I tried to pick things that I wouldn't be able to enjoy at other eateries, or things not typically available on a buffet line.  But a lot of it seemed BLAH.  I did enjoy the small charcuterie section of The Buffet - a number of cured meats, nice cheeses, crackers and breadsticks for sampling.  The whole ground mustard was delicious.  But really, mustard?  One cannot get full on that alone.  If I was in a tapas place or something with a cold one, charcuterie would be ideal.Trying to make a plate was a bit of a challenge.  So many of the things were just TOO familiar.  I was expecting more.  The salad section was pretty but nothing stood out for me to try.  The congee section was a nice touch, and actually looked cool.  But the wifey loves congee in almost any form, and she said the one here at The Buffet was bland, not much taste by itself.  The condiments on top didn't really save it.  She said the congee at the Rio Carnival Buffet was better!I'm a little upset on Wynn's Asian section of the buffet.  So.  Damn.  Disappointing.  Mr. Wynn, you have one of the largest stakes of casino property in Macau...how can you ignore us Asians here in the states?  Your people should know that Asians visit the Wynn constantly!  Your Asian section is not up to standards!  So little choices, and bad ones at that!  Yes, that day at the buffet there were a TON of Asian folks eating, and yes, they all congregated at the Asian section.  The Asian sections of other top buffets in town are much larger, with better quality selections.  The dumplings?  Tasted store bought.  The hand rolls offered?  Soggy and too spicy.  The sushi?  Very, very mediocre.  It's like the person making them didn't know what they were doing or didn't care.  Rice was starting to dry out.  Why try making Hawaiian Poke if it's not made right?  The portion was miniscule in individual dishes, and the flavor profile was way off.  I should know, I'm from Hawaii!I had to stick with the other sections of the buffet to get something to eat.  There were a few gems, the meatloaf with the pearl onions being one of them.  Can you imagine that, meatloaf the highlight??  It blew my mind too.  But sadly, this is how it was for me.  I was expecting much better, and just didn't get that.I heard at the buffet at the Wynn they have their own dessert ROOM.  Ooh, an entire room!  But again, we were severely disappointed.  Where are the fancy desserts?  I saw the candy apples but I also saw some kid who looked like he was about to break a tooth on them.  So I skipped that.  The gelato wasn't anything special, we can now find that at the local Station Casino buffet.  A lot of desserts didn't look appetizing or worth the calories.  It really all looked like mini desserts brought in from another local bakery that supplies other restaurants.  Left the dessert ROOM very sad.The service was downright lackluster.  Our server was only present at the beginning to take our drink order.  The entire meal we didn't get refills until near the end.  Totally irritating, especially since all we ordered was water and iced tea.For the price of $25.99 for lunch I felt a bit ripped off.  Really, I think it's overpriced for what you are getting.  The lunch at the Bellagio buffet is less and I think offers better choices.  At Wynn you pay for the ambience more than anything because it is a nice space with lots of sunlight.  I'll visit again someday (maybe in another 6 years) but next time will consider dinner instead in hopes of there being a more varied food menu.
4	I've been to The Buffet a few times several years ago and remembered it being a pretty awesome place to eat, especially for breakfast or brunch. Endless mimosas for $15? Yes please. As a result, I wind up pretty tipsy before noon. We showed up Monday morning at 8 am for breakfast. There was a pretty extensive line even though it had just opened but this was mainly due to the time it took for the servers to take payment and escort each group in. We weren't waiting long before we were brought to our seats.I passed on the endless mimosas this time around since I'd actually had a bit of a delicate morning (boooo) but I made up for it with amazing food. There's standard breakfast fare, including freshly made omelets and pancakes, fresh fruit, cereal, and a bunch of other things I can barely remember. Then there's a whole other level of food: pizza, Asian, Mexican, a fresh slab of meat. I can't even remember what else was there. Then there's desserts: an ice cream bar, assorted bars and cake slices, cookies. I ate so much, but fortunately didn't make myself sick (unlike the last buffet I attended!)  Servers were quick to clear off our dirty dishes, although on one clearing they swiped the silverware. Since you pay before you get in, once you're done with your food, you can just up and leave. It's actually a pretty sweet arrangement. I've never regretted going to The Buffet for breakfast/brunch. It's decently priced, lots of options, and super easy to get to if you're staying at the Wynn (it's right off the casino). Get there early though, i does fill up pretty quick!
2	Honestly, really disappointed. Very pretty set up and service (two stars for that) but most of the food was unfortunately pretty mediocre. We came for lunch. Asian station was the best but hardly liked anything else and the desserts were not good at all. Bacchanal Buffett is 10 times better and set the bar so high that now everything else feels like a waste of money :(
5	Go! Don't wait! Sunday brunch well worth the price! $32.99/person on weekends and $19.99 M-F.  Service was typical buffet style but very friendly greeters. Love the lox and bagels section in the morning. Desserts were great selection plus gelato and candy apples! I thought the buffet was good and then it turned amazing!
5	This was by far the best buffet that I've ever been to. Prior to this experience, I was never a fan of the buffet restaurant. This place changed that. Endless mimosa's are $18 and the food is delicious! They offer American, Italian, Shellfish, Asian and the best pastry and dessert selection I've ever seen at this type of establishment. As a self proclaimed foodie, I want you to know that you won't be disappointed.
3	I may have expected too much but I was not impressed with the buffet at the Wynn. Since Wynn was one hotel I was excited to stay at, I set the bar high for the food as well. The offerings were good in terns if selection, but I definitely do not recommend any of their Asian selection. Not fresh, not well prepared.
1	If you are dude thinking about going to eat here you better be "proper dressed" because wearing a tank top means that you are improperly dress and they will make you leave no matter how long you waited in line. Or you can buy a stupid Tshirt from them just to go in. There is this tiny sign in the front that stated the dress code, it is so unnoticeable. That code is just a way for them to try to get more money from people.
4	Pretty solid overall, not many things to complain about.  The wait time for Sunday brunch was about 30 minutes, but very predictable - the attendant told us going in and there weren't any surprises.  Once you are in it's efficient - you are only limited by the time it takes to fill your plate and eat.  Even the made to order omelet and pancake station moves swiftly.All the food was great.  Salad selection a little light, but that probably isn't a big draw for most.  Highly recommend the desserts.  Almost all the food was a solid 4, but I would give the dessert station a 5.Overall it's a 4.  Good food, OK value, excellent desserts.
3	Like others have said, I think I just came in with my expectations too high. We came in for the Mothers Day brunch, which was like $8 more than a regular Sunday brunch. You'd think you'd get at least a mimosa with that, but no such luck. We asked the waitress what was different and she said they just put out a few extra dishes. Which seemed odd, since I pretty much just saw the standard Vegas buffet staples out there. The food was good, not great. The decor was beautiful. The hostesses' ability to seat us as a group was terrible. The Wynn prides itself as a premium resort, and in all other ways it lives up to that expectation. Just not at the buffet.
4	Changing to 4 star. It was not as great as I felt last time. Good place, quality selection but not from out of this world.
5	By far the best buffet I have ever been to!I'm not kidding or sugar-coating.  It was so good.  I recommend their meatloaf.  The sauce on it was amazing.  The whole buffet really is amazing.  I also recommend the ceviche and the desserts are to die for.There is generally a bit of a line, like most buffets, but it moves fast.  Its a little expensive, I think like 40 bucks a person, but for what you get it is well worth it.  I make a point to take my family here every time they are in town.The decor is beautiful, as is all the decor in the Wynn.
4	This place was great.  Pretty easy to find as it is right off the casino.  The decor was good, beautiful in fact! I noticed a sign saying all men had to have shirts and shoes and women needed sheer cover up at the least.  Trying to keep this place a little more Vegas classy, a little less Vegas trashy. The staff was so friendly and all of them had a smile on their face.  While there is a lot of choices, it is relatively easy to find where you want to be because they have sections generally labeled.  My main meal was for breakfast (it's cheaper, so I went for a late breakfast just make sure I wouldn't even think about needing lunch that day--$23) I had several breakfast items (including a lobster and arugula frittata), but I also had the vegetable spring rolls.  Most of my food was top notch, with very few exceptions.  They had several action stations such as make your own pancakes, choosing your toppings, omelette station, etc.  The deserts were overwhelming and delicious.  I had one small scoop of two different types of gelato (dark chocolate one was my favorite, so rich and creamy)!! While everything was outstanding, I was slightly disappointed in something.  The pictures showed sushi and French macaroons which I was excited about.  Neither were on the spread that day when I was there. :( Probably won't be back to Vegas, but I may recommend this place to my friends that will.
5	My most recent trip to Vegas somehow ended up being buffet galore and this buffet still takes the gold in my opinion. I had been here once and remembered the experience fondly but when I saw Cesar's and Cosmo were higher rated, we tried them and this is still, by far my favorite! If you can sit in the middle, under the atrium window, it definitely adds to the experience. Exactly the kind of food that I wanted to eat. The Wicked Spoon as Cosmo on a Monday at 11am was very mismatched with not too much I actually wanted to eat. The Bacchanal at Cesars for Sunday brunch was good but I hated their dining area. It was too dark and bland and reminded me too much of a buffet feel. While they did have the most seafood selection, that didn't appeal to me in the least since I don't eat fish.  Don't be fooled by the reviews...if you are looking for an atmosphere and great food, this place is still the BEST in Vegas.
4	$28 (including tax) for the lunch buffet.I didn't try a single thing I didn't like. Everything was delicious, hot and fresh. Cranberry four cheese ravioli and the chorizo & potatoes really stood out. Even the sushi was good, which was surprising considering that it's a buffet. They cover pretty much every major cuisine. Chinese, Japanese, American, Italian. There's a salad bar too but let's get real here.....Lots of fun dessert choices like gelato. Holy hell. A buffet with gelato. Waiters filled our glasses up frequently and the staff was courteous overall. The hall itself was clean, updated and quite decadent. It's inside the Wynn hotel. Go through the casino and you'll find it. I think it was worth the price. We stayed for about two hours and no one even remotely pressured us to leave or hurry up.The bathroom was huge and clean and the perfect spot to unload round 1, 2 & 3 in order to make room for the next rounds.
4	I knew this place was going to be great as soon as I saw the entrance. The decor was beautiful and the layout of food was a wide variety and looked scrumptious.I started at the right end of the buffet where the soups and salads were.  Everything is in small portions so you can try pretty much everything.  I had the clam chowder with a mozzarella and tomato salad. Then it goes to meats and cheeses with different types of dips, my favorite being whole grain mustard.  It moves onto seafood,  pasta bar,  Mexican bar, huge hunks of meat (I don't mean the men who were in front of me)  Chinese food,  Japanese and cold seafood.  I love sweets and their dessert bar was my nirvana. All you can eat gelato,  cookies,  little cakes,  marshmallow pops,  and so much  more!  I absolutely loved this place. But, it depends on your perspective. I had a vegetarian friend that went along with me. Although I found it amazing she said there wasn't enough spice for her, meaning she likes hot sauce on everything. Be open to your taste buds being overwhelmed by the tantalizing flavors the chef prepares and you will not be disappointed!
5	i kept hearing about how great this buffet was from friends, family and online reviews!  so we finally went and got to indulge.  we went at 5:30 pm and it was about a 10 minute wait.  for 2 adults and 1 child it was $105.  fyi, there is a dress code.the buffet has seafood, pasta, asian, american, bbq, italian, salad bar cuisines.  every piece of food i tried was amazing.  2 dishes stick out in my mind!  the prime rib and desserts!  i forced myself to enjoy each of the cuisines but i made sure i made multiple trips for the prime rib and desserts!!!the decor is very nice.  we sat at a banquette and the leather bench felt like alligator.  kinda cool.  the buffet is very clean and our waiter antonio was amazing.  he bent over backwards to accommodate our two young boys.it was a great experience i still need to try a couple more high-end buffets before i pick a favorite.   dang, now i want more prime rib!
5	The search for vegetarian/vegan eats continued and my party found ourselves at The Wynn again! (seriously am just gonna save up and stay here next time). A buffet is the perfect option for a meal after a long night out. After comparing the breakfast and lunch prices on a weekday with other buffets (*cough* Bacchannal *cough*), I found The Buffet in The Wynn to be more reasonable. As much as I am a foodie, I didn't want to break the bank while enjoying myself in Vegas. I admit I felt a little overwhelmed as we wandered around looking around at the food selection. Imagine the Buzz Lightyear meme saying "Food...food everywhere!" I was definitely wondering where I should start my meal--cheese and crackers? Soup? Asian, New American, Italian, Mexican?!For VEGETARIAN/VEGAN eaters, there are plenty of dishes that will accommodate your palates. Most of the dishes are labeled with the full ingredients so you won't be caught off guard by anything. My friends enjoyed the polenta with roasted tomatoes, fire roasted veggies, vegan enchiladas, and beet salad. My favorite CARNIVORE/OMNIVORE DISH was the fresh ceviche, tossed with a tangy chili sauce on a bed of salad greens. I seriously just took 2 or 3 mini bowls and dumped them into a large bowl (#noshame). The roasted brussels sprouts w/ bacon were super delicious and I didn't expect to like brussels sprouts outside of Thanksgiving. There was also a large selection of roast pork, prime rib, flank steak, and other grilled meats. I also liked the fresh guacamole and smoky hummus with paprika...they paired well with the blue corn tortilla chips and pita chips.For DESSERT, I enjoyed the mango sorbet and rum soaked pineapples. The vegan passion fruit tapioca was also a delicious option. Things to skip:- Yogurt parfaits were out too long and the granola was a bit soggy- Sushi and hand rolls were only so-so (definitely go for the ceviche instead)Upon entering the buffet (and pretty much the hotel overall), I felt like we were transported to a scene from Alice in Wonderland. The walls were a lovely mint green and there were many flowers and other greenery around. I think the best word to describe the ATMOSPHERE is "whimsy." I half expected the Mad Hatter to pop up as we were enjoying our meal! There are also various elaborately decorated cakes in displays around the room (I would love to order one for my wedding if I ever get married!).The SERVICE was a little bit slower due to the lunch rush of a Friday afternoon, but we eventually flagged down our waitress to load up on coffee (seriously needed caffeine ASAP), OJ, and water. I was surprised by the quality of freshly squeezed OJ and strong coffee! Soy milk is also an option as a sub for creamer.This is a very diverse buffet that isn't too expensive in the Vegas area. The venue is great and I would highly recommend trying to make the latter end of breakfast time so you can enjoy both breakfast and lunch foods! (be sure to factor in cab and waiting in line times). Mmm...
2	The breakfast buffet / memorial brunch was all about quantity rather than quality, it was all very average buffet flavors and I didn't enjoy a single thing I tried. The omelet wasn't good, pancakes were average and everything that was precooked (except for the pastries) wasn't good at all (pizza, pasta etc). If you have any taste buds save your money as it was way to expensive for what is it, an average buffet. To make matters worse, the service was also below average with the waitress only coming to our table twice and the cutlery and cups smelt gross like eggs.I had a better meal the day before at a diner where the entire bill was cheaper than 1 person at the buffet.
4	Love the buffet @ wynn!!!
4	Went here during Memorial Day weekend but just got around to posting.  We paid the $16 per person to go in the VIP line.  It was worth it - you get a glass of wine or champagne for it which we would have ordered anyway when we sat down.  Although this buffet doesn't have a massive selection like the other hotels, the quality of the food was much better.  Everything was much fresher and didn't taste like the food was cooked hours in advance.  The desserts were also exceptionally great, such as the strawberry shortcake and creme brulee.
2	As a local, I have tried many buffets.It was okay. Buffet is small and limited selection vs other grander buffets in the city.  I didn't feel it was worth the price.  While Wynn is exceptionally beautiful, I was surprised to see the limited selection and size at Wynn. Will need to expand to attract more people.
2	I came here with my family and we were all very disappointed. The service wasn't spectacular and for my money I'd rather take my business to the Aria buffet. Most of the food was too salty for my taste the soda came from a pitcher and didn't really taste right, it wasn't crisp. The desserts weren't very impressive. Overall I'd say skip this one.
4	I don't usually do buffets. But, I had heard good things about The Buffet at the Wynn, so decided to give it a try. Almost everything I ate was delicious. The desserts were my favorite. I ended up going back for 5 plates of different desserts. I have also never been so full in my entire life.
4	Pretty solid buffet, I personally rank it number 2, behind wicked spoon in Cosmo.Solid dessert selection, good grub, google service, and he'll it's the Wynn so it's pretty fancy too.Crab legs all day everyday, prime rib, etc, but where they really win...the crepe station. Save room for dessert, or just start with dessert and you'll be set.Grab a candy apple to go and eat it for breakfast when you're hungover from rolling hard 8's all night at the tables.
4	4.25 StarsThis was my favorite buffet this time around.  The crab legs, roasted cauliflower, pretzel bar and creme brule dessert, and spicy tuna hand roll were all very good.  The New England clam chowder was also tasty.  The .75 star off is because, besides the hand roll, the sushi selection was terrible.  The worst of all the other buffets.  What a let down.The service was terrific and the restaurant is beautiful.  The place looked and felt elegant.  I liked the separate room for desserts.  I would visit here again, but most likely for lunch.
2	I have to start off by saying that the Wynn is gorgeous! The entrance to the hotel and the indoor garden is beautiful! I truly wished the food was as beautiful as the decor. The buffet had high expectations through the past reviews that we read before choosing to go the the Wynn Buffet- we should had gone to Wicked Spoon.The service was okay- we has stacks of plates sitting at the table for at least 15 minutes before one of the waitstaff came to pick up the food.The red snapper was left out for too long, had a fishy smell, and was hard on one end for being under the heat for so long. The egg whites were watery and had the texture of cottage cheese.The smoked salmon was out for far to long  as well and also had a really bad fishy smell. The only saving grace for this buffet was the dessert station- filled with delicious mini pastries and delicious pretzel bars!!! My suggestion is to avoid Wynn Buffett  and head to Cosmo's Wicked spoon due to the quality, service, and overall presentation- not to mention it's cheaper than the Wynn buffet
4	Shrip, crab, steak, cheese, cake what more could a girl ask for. We were looking for a vegas buffet and we definitely found it here. The chicken was a little dry and some of the meat was okay.  But over all very good. The best buffet I have ever had and I felt like I was going to a tea party!
3	Really great choice of food and I am sure that every taste is covered. If you get a chance try the buttermilk pancakes. Only 3 stars because of really slow and poor service.
1	I went there for dinner with my parents. I think i should only speak for Chinese that this buffet is horrible! Crab legs and shrimp were both cold. There is no hot soup. Chinese food section only got three dishes (not good at all, worse than normal chinese take out place). In the Japanese section, only three kinds of sushi rolls were available. No sashimi! Other selection of food was very limited too. After walking around for 5 minutes, three of us came back to our seats with empty plates. My dad only had some fried rice to fill his stomach. We spent more than $120 for nothing. I don't know why so many people here loved this buffet. Maybe they provide good selection of western food. But for Chinese, keep away from there!!!
3	Went for breakfast on a Friday morning. Overall, it was pretty good. We didn't have to wait which was nice and unusual for this buffet. Service was solid but truth be told...they didn't have a lot to choose from. Maybe it's because it was breakfast and the lunch and dinner are better. The omelet station was on point but they didn't offer a lot of choices for people looking to avoid gluten or potatoes. The Bacchanel at Caesars was much better in my opinion.
4	I am a vegan so this review is specific to that. My meat-eating husband seemed happy. I am giving this place a 4 because of a 5 for service and 3 for food. Like most vegans, I am prepared to compromise at most places and won't mark them down for having a limited vegan selection but I was expecting more from a Wynn establishment. The small plates guacamole and hummus were very good and for dessert I asked if there was anything beyond the one vegan choice (tapioca) and the extremely nice chef went in the back and got some yummy vegan ice cream. Also I went to the pasta station and the chef whipped up a wonderful vegan Alfredo with my choice of add-ins. However, when I asked if any of the pastas were vegan he said no. WTF???  Why offer a vegan Alfredo but no vegan pasta?  No matter. I put it on some lovely vegetables and it was delicious. I highly recommend this to other vegans as the sauce was very, very good. Also, I want to note that the chef did offer to try and get some vegan pasta from somewhere else in the hotel. He didn't seem put off by it either - he seemed genuinely like he wanted me to really enjoy the food. So A+ service. So, Vegans, the key here is to ask if you don't see something that works for you they will work hard to make you happy.
3	I feel as though I should mention up front that I'm not a huge buffet person. I tend to watch portions (at least to a degree), so I take buffets as the option to try samples of many things. I'm also a vegetarian so the vast array of meat options are of no interest.Now to the Wynn Buffet - the service was great, and deserves a 5. The food had highs and lows. The cons - I was surprised that the options at the salad bar, fresh fruit, and breads were pretty limited. There was a section with a few types of cheeses and dried fruit, but the cheddar and Gouda were surprisingly flavorless. The pros - pasta station was pretty awesome, and the dessert selection (mini cakes, Rice Krispie treats, ice cream, etc) were good.Overall, I would say those who want a large selection of meats and desserts, or who want a large quantity of food, may be pleased but it was underwhelming given the expectations for Wynn and the $40 dinner price tag.
5	Five star for sure! Plenty of seafood and king crab, great atmosphere, aweskme service. This is the best buffet in Vegas. Cosmo is super close second.
4	This is by far the best buffet I have ever been to in my life! So much to choose from! Service is good...could use a little more friendliness.
1	I don't know what's going on with this place. They stopped serving king crabs only snow crabs. No sirloin steak, no nigiri only 3 cheap small rolls, shrimps are small, no pork ribs, I can go on and on. What's going on Mr. Wynn if you cut back on quality you will see that your customers will start going elsewhere.I for one use to rave about your buffet to everyone, not any more. I will not be coming back here either, next time in town I will stick with bacchanal or try at the Cosmo. You should really consider doing something about the selection and quality.
1	This once was my favorite buffet in Vegas, however, you can literally skip The Wynn's buffet altogether now that Wicked Spoon and Bachanal (Caesars) are open.  In a nutshell, the meat here was tough, food selection was eh, desserts were below average and atmosphere has not changed since 2006.  It honestly felt like a Reno buffet rather than a buffet from one of the better hotels in the strip -- unacceptable.
1	I am a bit confused by so many four and five star reviews on this buffet?! Have these people never been to a buffet before? Are they just mesmerized because they are at the Wynn and it looks pretty? Possibly they are just blindsided by the price they just paid? Whatever the case may be, this is the most overrated buffet in Las Vegas! Come on they couldn't even come up with a name for it, did they really think it was cute to call it "The Buffet"?There is not a great selection of anything and yet they charge you like you are going to be feasting on miles of delectable tastes and treats. Once they get you in, it's pure let down and you can begin at the frozen snow crab and room temperature sushi. But hey if your not a fan of seafood that's okay because you can always try the pasta bar, I hope you like penne or rotini because that's all the pasta they have and if you like barley warm sauce that taste like its  from a jar then you're in luck, they can serve you up the best pasta ever! Let's just say my days of making fun of the Olive Garden's fettuccine alfredo are no longer after this experience! If you still haven't found something that looks tasty, then just hit up the tried and true salad bar, because like at any buffet there is always the salad bar where you can make a giant salad and pile on the toppings, except of course here they have even managed to ruin the salad bar! They have the smallest salad bar ever with no selection of anything, which really sucks if your a vegetarian because almost all of the very few options that they do have at this buffet have meat in them! So mashed potatoes and veggie tamales for me it was. What topped off this dismal buffet was our dismal server, not one soda refill and he was nowhere in sight all evening.At the end of the night I was just grateful that Mr. Wynn only took us for $30 to experience all that is The Buffet, because if I would have had to pay full price for my family of four I may have shot myself!
2	This Buffett is very mediocre. It's over $40 for dinner. For $40 per person you would expect the highest quality food and the most excellent service and this is just crap. The hostesses must get paid really badly because they're always in a bad mood and The food here is not very good. I also had to talk to a manager about there being a hair in my pizza. This is not a Buffett I would ever suggest. Especially because it's so expensive.
4	This is a great buffet!  It was well needed after I was out until 6:30.  There is something for every appetite there.  I was there for the lunch session.  We did have a slow server.  People around us were getting way better service.  I'm chalking this up as the guy was new, hung over, incompetent, or just having a bad day.
5	This is what a buffet should be!We went here for brunch and everything was delicious and atmosphere was decadent. Can't wait to go back here for dinner next time we're in Vegas!
1	Why say no to children and parents. We tried to get a reservation for a birthday dinner and they wouldn't allow our 1.5 year old to join his mother's birthday celebration. Definitely not kid-friendly! And to think that we almost made our stay arrangements here. Wonder whether they send their guests with children to the local McDonald's for meals.
5	Definetly the prettiest buffet in Vegas. We came in on a Sunday night, and after waiting for about 20 minutes we were seated. The waiters were polite, and didn't seem to hate their job like a lot of buffet waiters seem to do. They have several stations, more than any other buffet I've been to in Vegas, but they don't have the biggest selection of dishes. That's not a problem though, because the food is definetly the best I've ever had at a Vegas buffet. The dessert selection was also great. At 84 USD (after tax) for two adults for dinner, I really can't complain, and if you like seafood/shellfish you'll definetly get a lot of bang for your buck. They also have endless wine/Bud Light packaged for 16 USD.
5	Loved coming here, they have great crab legs and a really nice selection of different food. The quality is great it's definitely worth the money. Not always too busy I've never been there yet where there has been a super long line so it's always a good time to go.
1	Just like any other buffet. Wearing a tank top and shorts on a hot day. The buffet has a dress code only for men. No tanks. Had to spend $12 on a shirt I didn't want. Walked past a few dozen woman with tanks or sleeveless shirt. I hate double standards.
5	This buffet lives up to expectations on all fronts: atmosphere, service and food. I love it here and mostly because it's just adorable! It's like Alice in Wonderland meets Vegas with the decor. Upon entering, you're immediately welcomed by a quirky food wonderland. Everything is high-end and clean and it's not overcrowded like other buffets in Vegas. It truly follows the Steve Wynn theme. The food here is gluttony delight. They have just about everything here: seafood, Italian, Mexican, Asian, fried food, baked food, grilled food, meats, desserts, soups, bread, more bread, pizza....you name it they have it. I especially loved the dessert bar filled with Alice in Wonderland approved delicacies. Note: if you use a red card while gambling here, you could score a discounted or free buffet so make sure you do it! Reservations are accepted and highly recommended!
4	Not a huge fan of buffets or obesity, but I am a fan of The Buffet. No bragging involved but this none Vegas buffet goer did some extensive research. I checked Yelp reviews, browsed the web, and called around to ask for prices. In the end I decided on The Buffet. The prices were most reasonable ($95 for brunch for 4, none holiday weekday pricing) and I think the food was pretty good, not 5 start restaurant good. My favorite part was the dessert bar... When you go to buffets you gotta come with a strategy. My strategy is always to bring accomplices. If everyone takes one bite then you can try many more desserts. This was the only time my plan failed. There were waaaaaaay to many to try! Even though I knew I would fail I knew I had to try because I, Chang L. am not a loser. I came, I plated and I chowed down. I think the Caesar's palace buffet would have been great too (according to the reviews) but this one was more affordable and I would walking through the Wynn. :)
4	I haven't been to many buffets in Vegas, but this one is awesome. The staff was friendly but not overbearing, and those behind the serving stations were always putting fresh food out for people to grab. The mac&cheese was phenomenal and the mashed potatoes were spot on. Salad bar was nice, lots of options including pre-made caprese salads -yum! I certainly enjoyed my meal here!
2	The Buffet by The Wynn fell short of buffet perfection in many ways.  The interior of The Buffet feels dated, from the furniture and lighting to the large fake flower show pieces, I was reminded of Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, the 1971 version.The quality of the food was mixed. I really enjoyed the carved beef and roasted brussels sprouts, but couldn't find any fruit except the grapes that were garnish for the charcuterie station.  The salad station was very poorly managed.  All of the prepared salads were picked over or empty both times I went by and the desserts were nothing special, a little dry and mostly too sweet.If you do try The Buffet, take your time and find the things you want to eat.
1	The food is not worthy the money for brunch. Very limited seafood, only small shrimp. Cost $81 for 2 people. Maybe better for dinner, or I'm not a steak/bacon/desert guy. Very long queue outside, but many empty tables inside. I believe the buffet in San Diego where I live in is with similar quality but cost only $15 per person for lunch.
4	Seriously one of the most diverse and well designed buffets I have been to. I was disappointed with another buffet in Vegas so I wasn't expecting much of this one, but when I entered, the interior was delightful and bright. The food ranged from Mexican to Asian to great crab legs and etc. I enjoyed everything I put on my plate and the dessert selection was to die for. I stuffed my face and I wish I could have eaten more, but I had my own limitations. This place is a prerequisite for a complete Vegas experience. I recommend everyone to come here and eat. Just a friendly reminder to the men, they have a dress code where you have to have a shirt with sleeves. No tanks!
4	I came here instead of Caesar's Palace's buffet because of the more affordable price. I had no complaints except for the poor imitation of the Chinese Peking duck. The desserts were delicious and aplenty - my sweet tooth was extremely pleased. The atmosphere/decorations/uniforms transported me into a different decade - maybe the 60's or 70's? Very interesting feel.
2	The Wynn was a disappointing buffet. I tried several on the strip, and this was the worst. Any buffet will have food that you like and food that you don't like. However, there was little here that I liked. Of the dishes that this buffet served that were also served by the other buffets, the Wynn's version of the dish was always worse than what I got at the other buffets.
4	It's kinda pricy but it's all worth it.
2	I might be a tad bit harsh, but in comparison to other buffets I've had in Vegas, this deserves a 2 stars in my book. Located at the fancy shmancy Wynn, we've heard great things about this buffet being the freshest, the best, in Las Vegas and we were beyond excited to try it out. The unpleasant surprise we received when arriving at The Buffet drowned our mood the entire time. And that surprise was that men cannot wear sleeveless tops. Since its the Wynn, I suppose the owner wanted a more fancy and elegant type dining to match the Wynn's reputation, but let's be real, its a buffet in Vegas. And its hot during peak tourist time (spring/summer/fall), so men are bound to wear sleeveless tops. Anyways, we thought it was a dumb rule for a buffet, but we opted in buying a $12 tshirt for my boyfriend since he had a Jersey on and our hotel was too far of a walk to grab a shirt, and we really wanted to try out the buffet. The tshirt was a plain gray shirt with the logo Wynn on it. We thought it was a tad bit sexist since lots of ladies, including myself, were wearing revealing dresses, short shorts, crop tops revealing their bellies, etc. Sucks to be men in Vegas, I guess.The foods were definitely fresh. The layout of the buffet was clean, elegant, and even though the mirrors made me lost at times when I was wandering, I enjoyed the atmosphere. I decided to spend the extra $13 (I think) on bottomless mimosas. The server refilled my mimosas almost every 5 minutes which I am grateful for. However, since its a buffet, the foods do stay out for quite awhile, especially unpopular items. I had the salami/prosciutto which tasted like it's been sitting out for hours. The spicy salmon roll were okay, Bellagio $20 buffet definitely tasted better in that aspect. The variety of the foods were quite disappointing, I didn't get that much items on my plate. They had rice porridge Chinese style, but thats dirt cheap to make. I expected better foods to be out. Plain veggies in containers to make it look fancy. The dessert section was okay, I liked how they had gelato. However Wicked Spoon's dessert trumped that in the dessert section. The fish were fresh, but I wasn't fond of the flavors/sauces it came with. One fish dish had cranberry on it. Overall, we had high hopes and were disappointed in the end. It's worth a try, just make sure to dress appropriate. It was $33 for a Sunday lunch without bottomless mimosas.I need to make one last comment: THERE ARE NO CRAB LEGS. You would at least expect the "Wynn" buffet to have crab legs, especially paying for a costly fee. No oysters. Just cold shrimps. My heart dropped. Should've gone back to Bellagio's for $20.
2	The Buffet was met with high expectations and delivered upon first sight of the food, however the taste deducted everything we first believed. Although the selections were many the taste was mediocre at best. Nothing was over the top.  Looks alone was definitely not worth the $38 ticket. Of all the meals we have eaten in Vegas this one was the worst and the most expensive. Would not recommend or return.
3	Food 7/10Customer Service 7/10Comfort 8/10Price Value 7/10Overall 7/10Was here for EDC weekend. It was the cheaper selection of all the other buffets. Got in right before DINNEr started.. so it was like 30$ with fees as opposed to dinners $45. Lunch was mehhhh... had like some salmon, sausages and mash potatoes. Nothing extravaganza. Dinner came out and there was like Alaskan Crab Legs, shrimp cocktail and PRIME ribs. The ribs were bomb.... It was a comfortable setting with classical decoration with a Alice in wonderland like theme. Recommended for a quick and cheaper buffet on vegas.
5	The Buffet at Wynn is in my top 3 'must eat' buffets in Vegas. The selection is not as wide as say, Bacchanal or Carnival World, but the quality of food is definitely top notch.FOODAhi poke tuna - so soft!Minestrone soup - averageVeal short rib - very delicious and melty/fattyWaffle batter fried chicken - yummy!Gourmet saladsMeats - really yummySeafood - not as freshDesserts - visually appealing with attention to details!AMBIENCEFairly bright and open. I love the decor at Wynn because there are flowers everywhere! There are even flowers on the display cakes - which, btw, look amazing.OVERALLI feel like despite the price, ($40 for dinner) this buffet is more worth it. It's cheaper than Bacchanal ($55 for dinner) and you get the same great quality of food. The only downside is that the lines are always long to pay and get seated, but all the popular spots are like that. This is a great buffet to visit if it's your first time in Vegas since it's not the MOST expensive buffet, yet you can still experience the luxurious excessiveness that is Sin City.
4	Fresh and good for the price. Four of us for 120. Just the flower displays will increase your appetite. I must have 4 servings of the chinese shrimp dumplings. The flank steak was good. N the snap peas and Greek salad were very fresh.
3	3.5 starsAfter years of anticipating to try the Wynn Buffet, I can finally say that i've tried this infamous buffet.On a monday night for dinner, prices were $38.99 (which was the cheapest amongst the wicked spoon, bacchanal, etc).The selections were pretty standard and to be honest, a little underwhelming. They have all the basic selections of specialty salads, a pasta station, few sushi options, carving station, and of course a dessert selection.In my opinion, the selection here was definitely more limited than wicked spoon and/or some of the other buffets that I've been to. Their prize and glory would of course be the king crab legs, which were plentiful and sweet. I liked that they were already cut in half, making the picking a lot easier. Some commented that they had to deal with frozen crab legs, but ours were fine. I would say the highlight of the meal were these gigantic spanish spiced ribs that were to die for. Unfortunately, the prime rib was a disappointment. The crust was WAY too salty and almost inedible. I'm not a big pasta girl, so all those items were wasted on me. They did have a cute little peking duck bun station that was nice, although the server was never around. In regards to the desserts, they have the standard gelatos, crepe station, and many chocolate delicacies. All in all, for the price, I would say that The Buffet is a solid 3 stars option. Considering that we came at an off hour, i can't really complain about the wait. However, if I waited longer, I probably would've been more disappointed.Would I come back? Probably not, like I said, everything was just okay, but nothing was memorable.
5	UUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHH, WOW!  I'm not saying I'm a buffet connoisseur or even an expert on breakfast, with that said I LOOOOOOOVE breakfast foods.  Before I get to the food lets talk about the atmosphere.  As you enter you all you can see (what I would label) the garden area (which are usually the pictures that come up when you google image search Wynn Buffet).  I'm not sure what it takes to be seated there, but I feel as the lowly peasant I am I may never sit there.  As you walk further back you see dining areas to the side of the garden which makes it seem as if you are walking into the Tardis of buffets (bigger on the inside than the outside).There's even a bathroom and phone area.Now to the food.  Not only was there tradition breakfast food, but other dishes that you wouldn't; expect such as veggie tamales, spring rolls, pizza, and even cheeses.  I stuck with tradition.  Mini waffles, pancakes (that they make right in front of you and you have your choice of toppings), little bricks of pepper jack hashbrowns, 2 types of french toast, eggs in many different ways (along with an omelet making station), blintz with sweet ricotta cheese inside, and your choice of dessert.It was a feast for all the senses.  Lastly if you have any allergies or any other food problems, you can ask your server to have the chef take you around to help you with your food choices.  We saw this in action and think it's a great idea.  I gave it 5 stars but the price was steep, but you are getting a lot for your money.   It's not just food, but the experience.
5	Umm... how does this place not have a 5 star average? It is absolutely amazing and the highlight of my Vegas weekend trip! I cannot wait to return.We did the Sunday brunch buffet. We got there around 10 or 11AM, I can't really remember, but the line wasn't long at all... maybe 15 minute wait tops. Our total was about $55 because we opted to do the $16 all you can drink mimosas (and wine, bud light, and sangria)... it is totally worth it, especially since the single drinks are so expensive anyways... and our server KNEW to keep filling them up! They were never empty!The food is great, we did a walk through first to see what all they offered, which I highly recommend...you can methodically plan how you will fill your tummy to oblivion!My favorites:  - Mini bagels with cream cheese and lox (capers, tomatoes and other fixens available)  - Cocktail shrimp  - Sushi (California and veggie were offered)  - Enchiladas  - Pancakes with strawberry butter (make your own station with tons of toppings)  - Cheese blintz (with strawberry sauce... to die for!)  - Bacon (they had regular homestyle bacon and a huge slab that they cut from)  - Ice cream (Espresso all the way!)  - Cream puffs  - Mimosas (like I said they were never empty and we drank a ton of them!)Only two complaints...Skip the mac n cheese... although I do love the stuff, it just tasted like Stouffer's, also the greek salad would have been good if they didn't put lettuce in it (like a traditional greek salad is just veggies and cheese) the lettuce was soggy and not appetizing. Our server was excellent and attentive, the place is beautiful and clean, and tons of people working their stations so you are never staring at an empty counter.Foodie Heaven on Earth!
2	I went here this am and its was ridiculously overpriced because it's 4th of july weekend! ($40) Expect a regular buffet nothing special.
3	Not sure what all the fuss is about. Came here on the 4th of July to try their $19.95 breakfast buffet only to find out that since it was a holiday they increased their price to $39.99 and called it a 4th of July brunch. Was it worth $39.99? Absolutely not. $19.95? Maybe. Food was decent. Had the basic stations, but compared to some other buffets in Vegas it was very underwhelming. Was disappointing esp after reading such great reviews about the Wynn buffet. For the price I expected a lot more variety and stations. I would take Cosmo's Wicked Spoon over this anyday. They at least have a gelato bar.
3	I came here on a holiday wekend so they jacked the price up. Lame. The food was good. Nothing that was spectacular or stood out. I think the Bellagio and Caesars buffets are better. The service was awful. We waited 25 minutes to get a glass of water. They should have just had it waiting at the table when we were seated. It is not that difficult to just serve beverages. Our server said he was overwhelmed? It was just the section we were sitting though. We saw one of the servers from the other sections and begged for some water and she just let us move to her section. That helped with the service, but we were already mad about not having drinks for so long.
5	Went last year and remembered that this place is amazing. Another great buffet in Vegas that you need to check out! Didn't wait long at all for the lunch, which was nice. Good variety of food. The only drawback for me was that the desserts were not the greatest. However, their other dishes helped make up for it. The dining area just looks so regal and fancy. The customer service was very nice as well. I remember my friend asked if they had a cherry coke and unfortunately the waiter said no but he could try to make one. He came back with a coke and put in a maraschino cherry and some of the liquid. It wasn't the best, but at least they tried to put in the effort. I still like Bacchanal better, but the Wynn buffet is pretty good too. Overall, the food was great, the customer service was excellent and the environment was super fancy! Definitely recommended.
5	Amazing BREAKFAST buffet. Beautiful decor, attentive serving staff, clean buffet, always stocked, and delicious food.  We have eaten here several times and have loved it each time. Prices during week days are right on but the weekends double in price.Haven't had the buffet for dinner so can only review breakfast - breakfast buffet = Awesome.Cumbersome check in with hostess.  They also seem confused on what to do.
4	This was a pretty good Buffet. A little pricey but when you have that much variety going on I can understand the cost. The categories include, pasta, Asian, salad, pizza, meats, seafood and so forth. EVERYTHING tasted good. Everything. I cane here for brunch and they had a little but of everything. Their baked goods are exceptional. The service was pretty good. I do t know what there really is to add to a buffet kind of atmosphere, but the servers were attentive and they gave requested items in a fairly reasonable amount of time. I would come back to try dinner.
3	Time: End of June, Sunday Brunch Smoked Bacon: 5 stars, was one of the best I've hadPorridge: 5 stars, simple and yum.Everything else was close to at par. I won't be coming back.
3	Sunday brunch at the Wynn was mine and my wife's first buffet experience in Vegas. We red rave reviews and it was on several 'must eat' lists. The food was exceptional, but honestly, for the price, I don't think it was a good value. I wish we'd come for the regular, much more reasonably priced breakfast buffet and saved our all-you-can-eat splurge for the Bacchanalian Buffet or one of the Brazilian restaurants in town. The best things we ate were breakfast foods and pastries. If you're planning a visit, forgo the extra-expensive brunch buffet and just get breakfast.
4	One of our cabbies recommended The Buffet at the Wynn when we asked him which was the best buffet in Vegas. My friends and I walked over here for after going to Encore Beach Club and around 4PM, there was no line.My boyfriend had a tank on when we noticed the "proper attire required" sign, so he borrowed one of my friend's cardigans and got in just fine.For $40 at weekend dinner price, it seemed worth it! The beautiful decor made me feel like I was walking into a fairy tale.The options were plentiful and well organized. Pretty great quality as well! I really enjoyed the pastas, rib eye steak, and mashed potatoes here. Even though I was too full to really eat more, I just HAD to try their beautifully presented dessert. I left The Buffet painfully full. I'd recommend this place for sure!
4	My friends and I came on a Sunday for dinner. $43+ per person is not an amount I would casually toss around, but The Buffet was well worth the money! We arrived around 4pm and didn't have to wait in line. Go to the register, pay, and take your dinner ticket to be seated.I was mesmerized by the gorgeous decor when we walked in. We felt like we had entered the world of Alice in Wonderland! The food selection was absolutely mouth-watering. My favorites were the shrimp cocktails, prime rib eye, and the mashed potatoes. I also recommend ordering the raspberry sweet tea. My friends and I were ridiculously full by the end of the meal. If I had food coma and was ridiculously full until 2am (which I was), then I definitely got my money's worth! The servers were very attentive. It was easy to maintain eye contact with them to request extra drinks. They also came often to clear our empty plates. This buffet was recommended to us by one of our taxi drivers. I'll definitely be back if I'm in the area!
5	Preferred this buffet to the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. I thought the food and the deserts were better. A little cheaper too! More options here and tastier food :) delish!
4	I had dinner here tonight. It was $43+ in total with tax, before tip. I felt that if I were staying at Wynn, I would eat there for convenience but I would not make it a destination. I really want to rate it more like 3.75 stars. Decor: The decor was comfortable and nice. They have many different areas, some nicer than others. You may be seated in a larger area than one of the smaller more luxurious areas. The Service: Very respectible. From the minute the valet took my car to the return of the car, the staff were all very helpful and accomodative. The Food: - It was good but lacked the more gourmet items of Bacchanal (Caesar's), Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan), and even Bellagio Buffet. - They also had less of a variety than Bellagio (The Buffet), Cosmopolitan (Wicked Spoon), Bacchanal (Caesar's). The delicacy of items was also kind of lacking. Some examples:- For meats, they had no lamb. Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon had a great lamb which is custom seared to your liking. - For shrimp, they had good but not so great shrimp. Caesar's (Bacchanal) had large tiger shrimp. - For oysters, well, they had no oysters of any kind. Cospmoploitan's (Wicked Spoon) had cooked oysters but no raw ones. Caesar's (Bacchanal) had raw oysters.Aria had raw oysters. Bellagio (The Buffet) had no oysters at all.  - No smoked salmon or any kind of salmon. Bellagio had smoked salmon at dinner. Others may have had too.- The sushi area was limited. There was no sashimi, mostly sushi rolls and one eel sushi. I tried none of it. - For desert, they had a good selection, but nothing like the giant strawberries at Bacchanal (Caesar's). I will say that the desert section was better than the rest of the buffet. It's very good overall but I can't see going back to it. It's good but lacks the higher-end / wow elements of some of the others, but avoids the mostly fried Planet Hollywood fare.
5	"Hands Down One Of The BEST!"This has got to be one of the best hotel buffets that there is to offer! The price is high but it's very well worth it! I don't think there is one thing they didn't have that I didn't like! The fact that the dinner has all gourmet steaks and seafood all you can eat is amazing! The whole asian theme when you walk in is pretty cool as well! Go really hungry so that you can get your money worth!
4	I'm no expert on buffets.. In fact I try and avoid them. There's a little switch that goes on in my brain that tells me I need to eat as much as possible so I get my monies worth... The more expensive it is.. The more I try and eat.. (We have Sizzler in Australia and I always overate to the point of almost throwing up!)Back to the buffet, my partner and I were not expecting much when walking in here so even the decor impressed us.. And what looked like a ridiculous dessert bar.. I had to do a lap of what was available first so I could work out an order of what I could fit in my stomach because there is no way I could have one of everything!!! There are so many options.. We started with a small cheese/salami plate made up and tomato, mozzarella basil salad.. Both yum. The chicken noodle soup was also delicious.. Had a duck bun, prime rib, turkey leg, honey fried chicken, seaweed salad, crab legs, sweet asparagus, guacomole, sweet potato, tuna poke and by then I was pretty much full!! I had just enough room to try a couple of desserts, the vanilla ice-cream and the passionfruit tapioca cup was DELISH!  We enjoyed ourself over 2 hours and I think we would come back just to sit in the pretty floral decor!!! Oh and if you like sweet get the raspberry ice tea!
5	AMAZING! I loved everything about it
5	For those who are planning on eating the Buffet at Wynn and wants to see how the buffet looks like, here's a Complete steady tour of the Buffet at Wynn:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws5o24QQg3EIf you guys want to save some money and eat dinner food for cheap, this is what I did, first of all, lunch is served from 11am to 3:30pm and dinner from 3:30 to closing. I went and stood in line at 3:10 and got to the cashier at 3:20. I ended up paying the $26 lunch price. After that, we went to seat down, and viola 3:30 came around and they brought out all the premium dinner food like prime ribs and crab legs. By the way, dinner on Friday is $41, so I saved $16 and get to eat the good food.I had an opportunity to eat at Wynn for the 2nd times in 2 years. The food has gotten a lot better then previous years. There were a wide variety of food to choose from. I believe the food are way much better when it's served on Friday to Sunday.They now have street tacos, last time I ate here, they didn't have this.I wish they had King crab legs like at Bellagio buffet and Aria buffet. They only serve snow crab legs instead. Dessert station was OK not that impressive like Ceasars Palace buffet. They do have candy apple.Overall the food was pretty good.
3	There' was a lot of selections and everything was good. The set up and displays were clean and neat.  However, there's no crab legs for brunch so that was a big disappointment for me.
5	It's a close one between the top 3 buffets in Vegas (Wynn, Caesars and Wicked Spoon @ Cosmopolitan) - but after trying all three for the Nth time - I have to still give the edge to the Wynn as the top buffet in LV.The reason - quality.While they don't offer nearly as much in terms of variety, they make it up by making sure everything they serve is top notch.  The crab legs here are the best versus any other buffet I've been to, bar none.  Same goes for the prime rib, lamb chops and also their pasta and carnitas stations.  The flavor of all the dishes are excellent and even their breakfast options are good.  The fresh strawberries they serve is almost worth the price of admission alone.The dessert stations here are also top notch.  The gelato they offer is excellent and I still can't get over how good their vanilla bean gelato is after all these years.You really can't go wrong with either Caesars, Wynn or Cosmopolitan - but if you're a crab lover like me, or just want to really get the best bang for your buck - make sure you hit up this place during your visit to LV.
5	One word: Wow.I'm no Buffet expert, but I definitely am in agreement with most of the Yelpers on here by saying: Holy Crap, this place is good! And I'm not just saying that because it was free for us. This place is probably one of the few buffets, in life, that I feel is deserving of the price point. First of all, it's in the Wynn, so you know the ambiance is nice. We were staying over at Encore and got a deal where two free buffet passes came with the room rate. We headed over for dinner on a Saturday night around 7:30. Surprisingly, not much of a wait. As with all buffets, I like to make my rounds to scope out the offerings before deciding what I want to eat and I'm going to go ahead and suggest you guys do the same. Why? You will grab everything along the way because it all looks so good and, before you know it, you will have an insane heap of food on your plate.A lot of reviewers say there wasn't a lot of variety, but I don't know how much more you need. And this food? Fucking Quality. I'm so serious. I actually was shocked to experience such great food at a Buffet. Even it is the Wynn. Just thinking about the food makes me want to go back. Seriously. It was that good.They have a selection of pastas, Asian food, loads of meat. I mean, LOADS. I've never seen my boyfriend eat so much meat in his life and suffered through the meat sweats to prove it.Some of my favorites were: Mac and Cheese, Ravioli, Garlic Cauliflower, Batter fried chicken w/syrup (to taste like chicken and waffles), chicken dumplings, asparagus, Chicken Sausage (yes! Chicken Sausage) and all the assorted shellfish. Even their pizza was decent and buffet pizza is NEVER good, usually. I didn't even scrape the surface at this place either. They had an entire cheese and cracker section, and their desserts? Good golly, Miss Molly! It was so hard to decide. And they were ALL good.I will emphatically recommend this place to anyone looking for a buffet in Vegas. There is something for everyone here and this may be the only buffet I ever revisit in Vegas.
4	Came here on a Friday night around 6:00 PM and it wasn't TOO busy yet. For Friday night dinner, it was $39.95 for dinner and since we had a party of 10, they added a gratuity of 18%. The decor is just beautiful as you walk into the buffet dining room. It looks like something from Alice in Wonderland. The meat selection here is great! If you love meat, I think this buffet will serve your needs. The salad and veggie selection was great as well. There really isn't much seafood here, but didn't complain since I am not really much of a seafood person. They have a decent dessert selection. There are about 6-8 different flavors of gelato, 6-8 different types of cakes and few different types of cookie selection. I would have to say though their dessert selection isn't as great as Wicked Spoon.Overall, it was a great experience. Will be back when in town for some more meat! :D
4	The food here was classic and really good. It had the standard items like crab, prime rib and pasta bar. Even with nothing special, this Buffett is really good. The food was prepared very well and the restaurant was clean. The staff was very responsive and friendly. I would return the next time I am in Vegas.
4	Came here for Sunday Brunch (which cost about $50/person with taxes, etc) with some friends who were visiting from out of town.  Food was very good. Meat highlights included this yummy pepper crusted bacon and lamb. Also, lots of fruit options, lots of desserts (I was so stuffed, but my one regret of the morning was not getting to have a crepe! darn!)  with gelato & cookies & cakes & cinnamon bread pudding thingy...oh my! We had expected some lobster, but the only lobster was baked into a frittata was was mediocre. Also, no crab legs in the am. But overall, it was worth it, especially since I was post overnight call and starving and ate like 7 plates of food. Pastas were surprisingly good. The way they get you is in the lines waiting on made-to-order eggs.  Oh, they also had really yummy congee! There is, obvi, a 2 hour time limit, which you do not need. Unlimited coffee/tea/orange juice. Service was quite good.
5	Amazing value for the money! Get every station, great variety, food was really tasty and the desert station wrapped wrapped all the way around!
5	I was told that this was the place to go for a buffet. I'm not a buff a girl and I usually don't I eat at buffet based on the fact that you just don't know how long the food been out. Plus its not that big of a deal to me anymore. The buffet started at $35.99. I always order what I want and enjoy my meal thoroughly. However there was something special about the buffet at the Wynn.They had over 8 different stations for different varieties of food. I started at the sushi station where I had a deal which is one of my favorite things. I was happy to see that the sushi chef there was very attentive to any rules or any particular item that wasn't on the menu that he could make for me. Impressive. I've been went to the carving station where I had prime rib that was juicy and flavorful even before I reach for the horseradish! They also had slab bacon in your choice of Apple or hickory smoke. I thought that was very interesting who would have thought you could have it homestyle. pier.I enjoyed the pancake station were you had three varieties of pancakes to choose from - butter milk ,Blue corn and another variation that I cannot remember. But what I do remember best is the type of butter that I could choose. For my pancakes I had the apple butter with traditional whipped butter. It was so tasty.The seafood station was very good from peel and eat shrimp to crab legs all of the seafood staples were near. You can never get enough fresh crab. I finish up my meal with a dessert from the dessert bar fresh gelato homemade cookies. It's enough to make you go mad. I greatly appreciated the pastry chef that was diligently making the sugary dessert as we ate.My meal was accompanied by my endless mimosa which was an additional $15. What I was most impressed about this buffet, is that every station performed excellent presentation. The execution of all of the issues was well thought out and well planned. Everything was hot everything was fresh everything was in order. Everything you ate tasted like a $50 meal
3	Me and my boyfriend came here for lunch on Friday and I had a lot of expectations for this  buffet because of yelp. It started out great. We went on a great time where a lot of people are already leaving so we got seated within 15 minutes. The food choices seems huge but with a closer look, it was just mediocre. Some were a hit and miss. I guess they don't serve crab legs during lunch. Basically, no shell fishes during lunch. They only had 3 choices for sushi. We got 2 slices of the steak and it kinda lacks flavor. The Italian section is where all the good foods were. The breaded eggplant was amazing. They also had salmon, red snapper, and mahi mahi and those were delicious. Now service kinda sucked. We were almost done with one plate and the server just kept passing us by. Then she was gone for a couple of minutes and the busser was the one who asked us if we've been helped and he's the one who got our drinks for us after he noticed that we were trying to look for her. Thanks jerry!! Perfect timing, right when jerry came with the drinks, that's when she showed up. Lol. For the rest of the time we were there, whenever we needed her, we had to hunt her down.
5	Best buffet prime rib on the strip, bar none!!I had a Coke at the end because I was told that their fountains are calibrated everyday by someone from Coca-Cola.  Even THAT was delicious! I will have to say, however, that their prime rib was delectable!  Roasted to perfection, the right amount of salt and spices (I think it was also brined).  Tender and juicy and seemed to melt in your mouth.  I can't say enough about it.Well worth the $$ at a Vegas buffet.  Best advice is to go earlier than you plan because it could have a line.
3	This review is for Friday night dinner. $41/person. I was super excited for this buffet prior to going - I've eaten at Caesar's and Cosmo both multiple times and many other buffets and some people say this is the best!  I was really disappointed.First - we had skipped lunch, so my boyfriend and I were unbelievably hungry which should have put the ball in wynns court. Still didn't do it.The salads were great - the best part of the buffet. Loved the Greek salad and the roasted chickpeas.The sushi was average - nothing exciting. The Chinese was really quite poor. The duck dumpling station was closed and the other concoctions were chewy and tasteless.The prime rib was great. Best anywhere. The rest of the meat was only average and the pastas were dry. The thing that put me over the edge was that the seafood was absolutely terrible. I'm a huge seafood fan - salmon, sea bass I love it all. The salmon was sweet and horribly dry and the choice to put olives over the sea bass.. totally questionable. This was the first time I had ever spat out sea bass. Poor little guy. Makes me want to give them 2 stars.Finally the desserts were honestly just average. There was one fancy peanut butter chocolate thing that was delicious but everything else tasted like it had been frozen or left out all day.So minus one star for sea food and another for lack of creativity. 3 stars for the salad and veggie options (great Brussel sprouts!), beautiful decor and having such a variety. I didn't even eat half of the stuff there.All in all, I won't be returning.
5	The Buffet, what a perfect name for the obvious.  Haha.  I got there around lunch time and it was $25.  Had to wait in a line but it didn't seem to take forever.  What made it nice was looking into the beautiful atrium room.  I overheard someone say that's for the high rollers, IDK?  But either way it was very pretty to look at.Now the buffet.  It was one of the largest I've ever been too.  It was like the length of a Walmart.  International food selections, Asian, Italian, American, Mexican and dessert.  I really enjoyed everything except their pizza, so gross!  I made sure to portion out my food so I had enough room for dessert.  Tried their gelato and tiramisu was my favorite dessert.  Interestingly my favorite was making a spring salad.  It tasted so good.  Yes everything else was bomb to eat, but those were my favs.Bathrooms, expect a line.  But you get your own private stall with doors covering from floor to ceiling.  Make all the noise you want.  Just run with a blushing cheeks as you face the next person who has to smell your after buffet results.  Get er' done, it's Vegas, and it stays in Vegas Baby!!!!
4	Was just here for the first time having lived in Vegas for three years I'd definitely say I've been missing out. The food was delicious the variety amazing and the atmosphere was awesome. Great food great place good service I recommend for sure.
4	I'm not a fan of buffets but every now & then it's fun to go all out & stuff yourself. This buffet is definitely one of the best in town & it always has great fresh selections. If you know someone there make sure to grab a VIP line pass because the lines are always insanely long. It's great for big groups of families or friends!
5	Where to begin...let me preface by saying that I have a long list of severe food allergies and I rarely eat out at restaurants.  I found out about The Buffet when searching for a more upscale dining option (most upscale restaurants are aware of and able to share the ingredients in their food).  I drug my whole family along with me, a total party of 6 and we tried it out.  We waited about 10 minutes total between waiting in the line and paying, before we were seated.  The decor is whimsical and classy, almost like a disney dining experience in new orleans square.  We ate dinner at around 7:30 on a Saturday.  The food was wonderful and the staff was attentive.  I must send out a special thank you to the assistant executive chef, Trang Tran.  She came out and literally walked the buffet line with me while we discussed my allergies.  She told me what I could and couldn't eat and even made me some special dishes to accommodate my allergies.  If it wouldn't have been weird, I would have given her a huge hug when I left full and satisfied!  My family had all of the dishes as normally prepared and absolutely loved everything they ate, including the halved crab legs.  The highest rating went to the meatloaf, which everyone ate and loved! I thought that for the cheap prices ($40/person) and the amount of food and level of service received, this buffet will definitely be seeing me again on our next trip!!
5	It's one of the best buffets in Vegas. I thought that most Buffets are the same, with the same set up, however, this buffet is one the best. Food is so good and the dessert section is not one I have seen in many buffets. This one has gelato and all other types of goodies that must not be missed. Will I return? Of course yes!!
2	We were there Friday dinner buffet, supposed to be the best in a week.  All we can say is good ambiance and good service - they deserve stars.No star for the food!  Prime rib was tough to chew, T-bone steak was not good quality meat, fish dishes were too dry and over cooked, king crab legs were too salty, no sashimi at the Japanese section - in general total disappointment.  We would recommend Bellagio and Paris buffet.  Also heard Caesars Palace buffet is good.  These are better alternatives!
4	Very good buffet on the strip.  The price was reasonable for a Friday night seafood buffet.  Not the most selections compared to others, but the quality is there.  All the seafood items tasted fresh.  Standout dishes include the crab legs, raw oysters, ahi poke, street tacos, peking duck on a bun, ramen noodles with a very good broth and the desserts.  The service was excellent as can be expected from a Wynn resort.
4	The food is very yummy. I am usually not a buffet fan for my own fear of sanitation issues but this place was clean.  While I wish I could compare this to other buffets on the strip sadly I cannot but I can say that this place is worth it.  We will start with my favorite... dessert.  This place has an amazing selection of miniature desserts I personally tried the warm chocolate chip cookie, tiramisu, red velvet cupcake and banana pudding and all of them were delicious and displayed so beautifully.When I went everything was self service but they did have a few live stations were food is made upon request such as the pasta station. Every pasta dish that I tried was tasty but my favorite was the lasagne. At the asian station I enjoyed some sushi which all tasted very fresh.  And at the seafood station I enjoyed the cold crab legs and shrimp. This was definitely a memorable experience to go a long with the great service that I recieved.
4	Pros: -Entrance decor-Really tasty meats - get the prime rib and steak. Good crab. I liked that it was flavorful and came with a side of melted butter. I liked it better than Bacchanal's which I had the day before. My friend didnt like that it was served cold but I didn't mind it. -Really good gelato!!-Price is not as expensive as other buffets especially if you go right before dinner. ;)Cons: -The desserts I had, other than the gelato, were average. Didn't have the creme brulee perhaps I shall try it next time. -Lacked variety compared to Bacchanal.-Called in to find the price and was accidently? told the weekday prices and ended up paying more than we anticipated. We ate there anyway but no kind of apology or price adjustment. Would I go again? Mmm... I'll probably try somewhere else.
3	My friends were raving about this place, so I was super excited to go. "The best buffet in Vegas." Perhaps years ago, but "The Buffet" as of 2014 is nothing special. Yes, the decor is eye catching, colorful and elegant. The food presentation is nice and with variety. I was most excited by the dessert section and wanted to try almost everything. The mini desserts in shot glasses were just so adorable! The space is clean and about the right price for a Vegas buffet. So what went wrong?Okay, after much anticipation to go to this buffet, we were rejected at the entrance because the guys in our group had on sleeveless shirts. WHAT??!! They ended up purchasing t-shirts. I was slightly turned off and maybe because of the heat and walking all day that I ended up not wanting to go in. But we came all the way here for the buffet. Anyhow, the sign about dress code policy stated something about see through tops for ladies. Honestly, the guys were dressed more modest and most appropriate compared to the gals that were let in wearing crop tops, v neck deeper than the Grand Canyon and super short shorts that they might as well be at a beach. Anyway, we came here for the food right? Well all of the fish were over cooked. The lamb and beef were chewy and nothing special in term of preparation. The mussels I had were bland and miles away from those I had in Philly (check out Monk's Cafe). I totally skipped the Chinese food section consisted of egg rolls, fried rice and lo-mein, which I am sure  you can find in Chinese takeout places and probably wouldn't taste the difference. I love pasta so I had to visit the Italian section that was ready to order. It was a choice between alfredo or marinara. Not a fan of the Olive Garden, but in this case I am thinking it would be better there. But I did like the three cheese ravioli though. And that was probably the best thing I ate at the buffet. Also stay super far away from the pizza. So then, I figure they couldn't mess up dessert but again I was disappointed, because the presentation looked so good!!! Even my favorite pistachio gelato was a letdown. If anything I was hoping for some fresh watermelon, simple fruits at least to cleanse my palate. But even that was not met. :(Maybe I am picky, but the fact that it is VEGAS. I was expecting more. By the way, what's up with the pink suit worn by the hostess? Reminisce of Willy Wonka's much?
3	I'm Torn on this one.  3.75 Stars OK?I've been here...3 times now?  I think its finally adequate to give them a review. They were probably "THE" buffet back in 2009 or 2010.  Since, then I believe they've regressed a bit.  There's like a million reviews on here so I'll just compare this and bacchanal, cause someone's going to find this useful!round 1 : Carvery Bacchanal: Terrific Leg of Lamb.  OK sausage.  OK Ham.  Tasty (a bit salty) briskey.  Salty pork rib (No BBQ sause) .Missing Prime Rib?Wynn: Best beef rib.  Juicy prime rib (I waited for a good piece), didn't touch anything else.winner: wynnround 2: seafoodBacchanal: Amazing selection.  Fresher oysters.  Creative mini dishes.  Spectacular soups.  good support of saucesWynn:  lacking in options.  Very good cold king crab legs.  small oysters.  winner: bacchanalround 3: sushi (i know its seafood...)bacchanal: why bother?  5 different rolls and sushi combo?wynn:  not much better, but they did have a very delicious seaweed salad.winner: wynnround 4: World assortment (so i clumped it up..)bacchanal: pho/udon station, cheese and ham station.  Italian station that served steamed crab (bonus point for seafood).  Wagyu beef sliders ( overrated..).  Good looking chinese food station.  Nice assortment of fruits and salad. wynn: nice dim sum platter, specialized salad dishes, a lot of italian inspired foods, points for ramen station. winner: bacchanal.round 5: dessertBacchanal: gelato, cookies, creme brule, crepe, cakes, creme buffs, candied snackswynn: samewinner: tie.  This should have been the wynn's but I think they pulled back some items that used to be there... disappointing.Ah crap, I thought I got a winner out of this.  It's 2-2-1.  Well, if i had to spend my next $50 bucks on something... I'll say bacchanal...just because The WYNN told someone in my party over the phone that Dinner was a cheaper price then what we actually paid for.  That totally did not go well over with us.  ARE YOU LISTENING WYNN?!
5	We went on several buffets in Las Vegas for us this buffet is in the first place .. the food is very varied and delicious taste. The desserts are magnificent.
3	Regular good buffet but with high vegas buffet standard, this one I don't deserve a 4 stars, their crab leg taste okay, and other dishes aren't as special .. Can't really remember anything so good that I would want to return again.
5	We went for breakfast & were not disappointed. Got there when it opened & got a table in the atrium which was nice. Lots of options including desserts, creative breakfast options, cook to order stations & an Asian food area (unexpected, but a nice option). Skip the omelettes & pancakes, you can get those anywhere. Try all the creative options, you won't be disappointed. Skip fruit, bagels, cereal etc. if you want get your money's worth. Save room for desserts! Usually at buffets they aren't very good but look pretty & that wasn't the case here.
2	We went several times the buffet ( Wynn) Las Vegas, it was good. but today I went again and I was disappointed. At the buffet does not have more variety of food that was, put baskets of bread to fill the empty spaces on the balconies of food. The dessert's court is empty ...I'm sorry for this buffet fall in qualification. I don't recommend to my friends, there is a better one in Las Vegas ..
1	I was excited to try this buffet in Vegas but boy was I disappointed, the quality of foods is bad.  It's like going to a $9.99 buffet.  I'm used to quality since I've been going to Wicked Spoon for the longest.  All I can say it taste like a cheap buffet and there's nothing I enjoyed.  Avoid at all cost unless they revamp the place.
3	This review is for the weekend brunch buffet - it gets high marks for presentation but low marks for food.  I always think that for the money the food should be better.  It is a really nice looking buffet - the main courtyard atrium is lovely and the dessert room is stunning but I find that most of them don't taste as good as they look.There are some really standout items at this buffet - the lox is yummy and plentiful, the super thick cut bacon is fantastic, and the soy gelato (raspberry and mint chip flavors) was outstanding.  The warm mini sticky buns in the desert section next to the bread pudding were great. The fresh squeezed orange juice is fabulous!  My friends really enjoyed the congee but congee isn't my thing so I can't comment on that. There are also things that are just ok - the pancake station doesn't actually allow you to put the various options IN the pancakes - just on top. The chocolate chips were good and melted properly but I had my heart set on some blueberry pancakes and they didn't have any fresh blueberries.  The lobster quiche had some nice pieces of lobster but the quiche itself was just kind of Blegh.I always look for chocolate croissants (one of my favorite food items on earth) but they have a surprising lack of breakfast bread/ pastry items (considering the giant room of deserts which I think go hand in hand).No oysters, no crab legs, the salmon filets were dry as a bone and tremendously over cooked.Our waiter wasn't around much but our busboy was very obliging in bringing us more orange juice. If it weren't for him I would have subtracted another star.
2	Very average.  No King crab legs on Saturday night (despite pics); only cold snow crabs.  Oysters were not good.  Shrimp was not fresh.   Beef ribs were tough.  We had higher hopes.  Casino buffets in NorCal are so much better.  For the price, don't do it.  Plus side - service was great!
3	We went for the Sunday brunch. We arrived early enough to get in fast. The dress code is strict...no sleeveless shirts.....a mother with her two sons would not be allowed in. The mom was upset...but read the signs......no sleeves, no service.The area behind the hostess stand is a brightly sunlike room that is decorated like  a outside garden room.  Not my style, but I am sure some people think it's nice.We sat in the room to the left. It was nice and well decorated. Our services was attentive and on top of keeping our drinks topped and our dishes cleared when we would get more. The amount of food choices is overwhelming. I love the various egg dishes and omelette bar. The meats were tender and the choices for desserts were fantastic.  Overall the experience was good, but when I compare this to the bacchanal buffet, the buffet didn't impress me.  Go for the Bacchanal Buffet....you won't be disappointed.
4	Great food, definitely worth the short wait in line.  Best time to have dinner is get there before 6 PM rush!  Make sure you ask to sit in the Atrium.  Pros: Crepes, Cheeses, Crab, Sweet Potato, and the Italian Chicken.  Cons: Waiting time can be long if you go at peak time.
3	This buffet was just "meh" to me. It was $40 per person. It didn't offer as many items as I expected. There wasn't a lot of seafood. There was one chilled seafood section and all they had were crab legs and shrimp cocktail and some tuna seaweed salad. At these prices, I expect oysters and clams as well as I've seen them at buffets that charge much less. There was another section that served ramen. We tried the miso ramen. Super disappointing as it was completely tasteless. There was an Asian section but it offered like 4-5 items like egg rolls and wonton. Very disappointed at the selection of food there. The italian section was a little better as it had chicken, fish, pasta and it was all decent. Next to the italian section was a charcuterie section. There were a variety of cold cuts but no prosciutto. Another disappointment. The desserts, like the other sections, lacked variety and even the basics. I was craving a chocolate cake and didn't see one slice of chocolate cake. I think chocolate cake is such a basic staple. Every buffet dessert section should have at least that. They served candied apples, little cupcakes, lots of mousses and most of which were overly sweet. I tried a taste of everything. Their best dessert was their pistachio gelato...it is the only reason why they got a 3-star review from me. Save your money and go to the buffet at the M resort. I believe they are called Studio B. Much better selection of food with more variety and flavors.
4	The Buffet at the Wynn is one of the more expensive plates on the strip.  I guess it's legitimate to ask the question, is it worth it?  After all, isn't it still a buffet?  I would say this, the quality of the ingredients used in its preparation is far higher than say at the Rio or MGM.  That's not to say those are worse than the Wynn since all of this is subjective.  What I will say is the Wynn does offer a level of precision that one expects from a sit down service.The one thing The Buffet at the Wynn offers that no other resort can match at this moment is a very good vegan menu.  For vegans out there, the way to eat at The Buffet is to let the server know that you're vegan and what they'll do is in turn inform the Chef who will then come out and walk you through the line.  It's an amazing experience that I believe everyone should experience.  The level of detail the Chef goes into is quite extraordinary.  Unfortunately, I found the food to be a little uneven.  The vegan pizza was definitely subpar in my book.  Perhaps Steve Wynn enjoys his pizza with less cheese, but even as a vegan I expect at least some melted cheese on the dough.  Instead what they had was raw cheese that wasn't melted.  However I did find the artichoke ravioli in a spicy vegan marinara to be quite delicious and flavorful.  The layers of flavors the Chef was able to get out of such a simple item was quite astounding.  The cream if mushroom soup was rather creamy for something missing cream, but what really stood out were the desserts...and more specifically the dark chocolate covered Rice Krispies.  Superb, no way around that.With that said I go back to the question is it worth $40?  That really depends on what you're looking for.  If you want to eat $40 worth of food, you're probably going to be sick afterwards, but if you to savor items then I do think this is one of those opportunities to treat yourself.  The only downside is you have to pay extra for drinks.  I think at that price point and for such a high volume resort, drinks should be included in the price, but then what do I know.  I just eat.
3	After going to the Bacchanal buffet last year, this place just doesn't hold up. The transition from lunch to dinner wasn't too well coordinated, so it took some time before everything was switched over. Everyone was obviously hovering waiting for the crab legs to appear, so there was quite a line when those were finally put out. While I did gladly stock up on these, I was really waiting for the lamb chops. Sadly, these never made an appearance. And the meat counter in general was quite lacking. They had a giant ribeye, ribs, prime rib and a rack of lamb. Pretty sad compared to the array of meat Caesars had to offer. I haven't especially liked any dessert counter at the buffets I've been to (things always look pretty but don't taste great), and this one was no exception. After taste testing just about everything, the highlights were definitely the warm cookies, gelato, and creme brulee. The biggest disappointment was the crepe with filled with burnt, chunky nutella, with no option of banana as a filling.Overall, if you're just looking for the crab legs, this place will do. But if you want a nice selection of meats, then pay a few extra bucks and head over to Caesars.
3	We arrived around 4:30pm for dinner and there was NO LINE.However, because it was a slow non-holiday Tuesday so the food selection was not its best but still fair for its price.Due to the number of people that was there, many of the food was visibly already dried up on the top but still tasted good.If they can improve on the selection, I would have given it a four stars rating.The staff was friendly and was quick to respond to requests.
5	Great food and service!  Yes, it's expensive and there is a long line, but it's all worth it, trust me!  My husband and I came here for dinner on our last night in Vegas.  I had called ahead to ask if they had vegan options because every Wynn restaurant has a vegan menu.  The rep on the phone told me to notify the hostess that I am a vegan, and then a chef will give us a tour.The hostess, I think her name is Marilyn, was great!  She was so friendly and attentive.  She introduced us to a chef named Annabella, who took us to every station and pointed out which dishes were vegan, and offered to make some food for us as well. I had the cream of mushroom soup, which was amazing!  She made a pizza, artichoke ravioli with alfredo sauce, a pineapple dessert dish, roasted garlic cauliflower.
4	Awesome buffet, one of the best I've been to in Vegas. There's always something for everyone. Lines can be long and it can be pricey, but what the heck it's Vegas! The decor is very nice.
3	Came in for the breakfast. Was much less then dinner breakfast was like 23 bucks. Dinner much more.  The food was so so I was expecting better since this should be a high quality buffet. And we'll it was somewhat but some food was just cold or not very good. The fish they had samon tasted horrible! And I love fish. Everything else was alright just not that good.  I experienced better at the wicked spoon.  However the I had dinner and the price was more then 23$ so over all I give 3 starts good was so so but for the price it makes up for that so so.
5	the simplest food is raised above what you'd expect - subtle flavours in the dried apricot french toast, prime rib cooked to perfection, blintz that are light and fluffy...We ate here twice, and they were two of the best meals!  There were a few sub-par items, like on all buffets, but there is so much variety, you can find the gems!
1	Terrible experience, Elena the manager refused to seat us anywhere near people we know - even though they came in a whole 30 minutes before us unless we pay the 18% mandatory gratuity.  They separated a mom away from her baby because of this rule - it's ridiculous given that there is no line at all on a Friday night.  Terrible customer service.Next time do not tell them you know people.
4	Notes: if possible, go on a weeknight for dinner and do the following:+Crab Legs (just go and eat your weight in crab legs, it'll be worth the $$)!!!! +Duck Bun (omg, surprisingly good, and I'm Asian....these duck buns are legit)!!!!!+Street tacos (wait is long, but not bad for a buffet)+Prime rib :)+Chocolate crepe w/gelato
2	In general I enjoy coming to the Wynn Buffet and have done so for years.  The crab legs are on point.. Slightly salty but always consistently good.  The prime rib was tender and I believe it to be prime quality as opposed to choice.  The oysters had a mushy mouth feel and not so great body and finish.. Slightly dejected bunch. Overall my dining experience was good, less selection than the ceasars buffet .. Never the less all buffets in my opinion have their strengths and weaknesses.The support staff we're very nice and always accommodationg. The nice meal turned a lot less enjoyable when after returning from the restroom a manager questioned weather I was just joining the party and asked to see a receipt.  I produced the receipt and she brushed it off and now changed her story regarding a 2 hour time limit.  The elapsed time was 1 hour and 30 minutes.  I did not take the Wynn establishment to be a fast food joint where conversations during dinner would  impinge on meal time.  I will end with this as I did not get the managers name but it was a she, approximately 5'6 brown hair less than medium build around age 35.
3	Not a buffet I'd go out of my way to visit again- really a 2.5 stars rounding up. I love the Wynn and there are some solid dishes here but service was practically nonexistent, and for a weekend special brunch ($40pp), the execution should have been higher.Most impressed with the seafood: smoked salmon melted in your mouth, plentiful fresh shrimp with cocktail sauce are my go-to, variety of mini sushi rolls to pick from, baked red snapper dish was divine.I loved that they had a dim sum section, but everything was overcooked: paper wouldn't peel off bottom of barbecue buns, gyoza were falling apart, fried shrimp rolls were stuffed with shrimp but flavorless.Many options for dessert, but I'm not a sweet tooth so it didn't sway my initial ratings. Best items were the PB-chocolate-pretzel ice cream and profitroles.Prime rib was tasty (as it is almost everywhere on the Strip) , lots of brunch options I had no interest in taking advantage of (pancakes and omelets made to order), but many things clearly sitting out or not cooked properly: eggs benedict with watery eggs, several condiments that didn't get refilled, etc. It wasn't til we were about to leave that they even refilled the empty lox trays, which is ridiculous for a brunch buffet.Speaking of refills, drinks at our table were only refilled when we asked. Empty plates were cleared, but waitress acted as if drink refills were simply not her job. Very bizarre.Would go to the Bellagio buffet instead in the future- lower price point, higher quality and more options, better service by far.
3	A few years back, this buffet was sold as "The Best Buffet in Vegas."  A few years back, it was.  However times seem to be changin'.Good news is, the line seems to have greatly reduced, perhaps there are obvious reasons for that.  Interesting to see them wanting to monetize the waiting process.  If the line does become long, you can opt-in to pay an additional $9 each to move to the front of the line.   Where else can you monetize a buffet line other than Vegas, right?  Seemed a little tacky.We went to the buffet on Friday morning after our flight in.  We got there during lunch time.  The buffet was "fine" and "adequate."  I didn't find it overly special or exciting, but knew the Saturday Brunch Buffet would be super!   Went there the next morning, and it was about the same as the day before, just a lot more money.  The food all seemed to be dialed in.  I was extremely bothered to pay so much money to be met with powdered eggs and floppy bacon.  Breads were a bit stale, the dim sum was limited, soggy and lackluster.  Overall, I was completely disappointed and most likely won't return.Hope they can make some quality changes to make things the way they once were.
5	One of the best buffet ( besides Caesars) on the strip! Especially the breakfast is awesome! Don't miss ur if you are there!!
4	Great selection and very delicious food.The waiting at line was awful though. We waited like an hour and a half and while we waited breakfast changed to lunch... Ughzzz
5	Very beautiful environment! And they have heavenly desserts! Love the food and the place.
5	Best buffet in Vegas in my opinion. Definitely the best buffet for vegetarians. Had vegan tofu scramble, vegetarian tamales, vegetarian enchiladas, vegetarian spring rolls, two kinds of Asian mixed vegetables, fruits, oatmeal, grits, coconut and berry concoctions, yogurt. Lots of non-meat options. My husband's an omnivore and he loved it too. The best buffet and it's not even the highest priced. I would recommend it to anyone.  P.S. The desserts were good too. Loved the profiteroles and lemon tart. Can't go wrong with gelato. Kids would like the rice crispy pops and candy apples. P.S.2 Breakfast is the cheapest option. Prices go up for lunch and up again for dinner.
1	Their selection is absolutely extensive.  The quality and taste are the exact opposite.  We tried about 15 things & only 2 tasted good!  $35 makes it definitely not worth it.  Bottomless mimosas though for $10, i believe.
5	I only ate here for brunch and let me tell you I was NOT disappointed!! The restaurant is beautifully decorated and the food, oh my...the food was unbelievable.  By far, the best brunch I have ever and probably will ever go to.  They had such a gigantic array of food that I got overwhelmed just looking at the different dishes.  They even had whole turkeys and prime rib that you could choose from, fresh ice cream - not the vending machine kind.  Everything tasted fresh and you could tell that it was quality food.  Some other buffets lack in taste because they have to cook such a large quantity, but not here.  Seriously, words can't describe how much I recommend this buffet.  My cousin said that you have to go to the Saturday brunch, since any other morning they only serve breakfast items.
4	I like the food here, but I don't think that it's worth the price especially for dinner.   It's not that worth it.I do love their meat and dessert selections.   But the rest are mediocre to me.
2	i was expecting more for the high price. I don't mind a high price if the experience is memorable. Unfortunately the food here was lacking variety and taste. We went for breakfast and I felt like everything was geared more towards lunch which is not what you want at breakfast. The food was very cafeteria tasting, which some people really like but for over 20 dollars its just over priced. They did however, offer great service!
1	***** Lunch buffet review *****Bottomline: Don't come here for lunch. While the variety of food may seem plenty, it really isn't. Let's count:1) Salad / soup 2) Cheese and salami 3) "Seafood" (blackened salmon, red snapper)4) Pizza5) Italian (mac and cheese, ravioli)6) Bread7) Meat (no prime ribs, only beef/pork/turkey)8) American (fried chicken)9) Bread (that's right, 2nd bread station that looks exactly like #6)10) Mexican (quesadilla, tamales)11) Chinese (fried rice, potstickers)12) Fruit / yogurt13) Sushi (california rolls)14) Bagels 15) DessertsEach station has about 3-4 items and half the items look unappealing. The seemingly okay looking ones taste pretty bland. In fact, good luck chewing anything you put into your mouth. Obviously this place doesn't really care about the lunch eaters as they churn out uninspiring crap from the kitchen. Even the desserts were almost inedible -- I have never seen such poor selection of desserts and they taste horrible as well. Spend your money elsewhere or wait until dinner buffet.
2	We had the buffet at the Wynn on a Friday for lunch and were very disappointed. The selection and taste of the food was mediocre at best. The $25.99 price per buffet was definitely not worth it and we felt ripped off. We expected much more.
2	So dissapointed. Will not revisit!$50plusppSetting; Yes it is quite beautiful,  bright and very clean.We mada a 20 minute walk in 90Degrees from the Vennitian hotel, with high hopes.We waited in line for 50Minutes,  then when we were seated we didn't get our beverages for 20minutes.  I actually had to ask a bus server for a glass of water for my daughter.  Maybe they were short staffed?Food was ok not great. What I ate;Pot stickers were soggy, chicken soup bland, meatloaf ok.... Sushi roll soggyCheese plate (Cheddar cheese)Bread pudding and Anglais sause a winner!My only repeat station was the antipasti station, ( cheese salami, pesto, and toasted bagettes.) Sadly had a few bites of my selections and didnt finish most of my choices.It was a Sunday and they were definitely busy, but the quality was not pesent, I far prefer Bellagio.
2	I came here right after I landed in Vegas last weekend. Lunch was $58 for 2 people.  Honestly the options especially on the premium side were lacking. I'm talking no prime rib instead pork loin and turkey. Salmon hand rolls were ok.  Crepe station only for dinner. My standouts were the great hand scooped ice cream options, pork and shrimp dumpling station and the pizza with a cooked egg on it. For the price the bellagio has better options for lunch if you ask me. You don't have to take my word for it, go to both and the ceasars buffet and decide for yourself.
3	3.5 stars...I guess 2014 has now seen the 3rd round of cutbacks (I have been coming here for years so it's only why I notice)...if you look at the pics of some awesome looking stuff and expect to see it on the buffet you'll notice the pics were most likely from 2009-2010Round 1 (2009)Take away the king crab...replace with snow crabTake away rack of lamb...replace with lamb loinsRound 2 (2012)Take away lamb loins...replace with kobe beefRound 3 (2014)Take away kobe beef replace with street tacosAlso some obvious replacements were a huge ramen noodle station in place of something I forgot what used to be there. Didn't see one person in the whole 90 minutes get an entire bowl of ramen noodles...because you just paid $40 to eat more expensive food..so why would you?The fish was way overcooked...all 3 different fish that I tried. Mahi Mahi, blackened salmon, even the sea bass...and it's hard to overcook sea bass.The prime rib was decent.Yeah, I'm doing a lot of complaining because it's not what it used to be in it's heyday but what really saves this place are the desserts. Probably the best buffet desserts in town (aside from Bachannal)...high quality desserts (see pics). Throw in a strawberry crepe and 3 profiteroles and that capped off my 8000 calorie meal. I really thought of giving this place 4 stars due solely on desserts but if I gave it 4 stars, did the 2006 version of the Wynn buffet deserve 7 stars?"A-ok" I'll be coming back.
4	I'm here with 10 people and we are each going to write a mini review! Ps everything is amazing!!- best service! Thank you Lisa!!!!- the baconnn mmmmm- everything is super fresh and the service is excellent- I must to come eat at the buffet wynn. Thanks god for America!!!!!- So I'm gluten free and I found sooo many options. I had the blue corn pancakes which were amazing. Unfortunately, Angela, the lady making the pancakes had a really bad attitude but thankfully the chocolate chips were sweet enough to change the bad taste in my mouth. Also the baby carrots were unreal, the chicken sausage was amazing and the iced coffee was delicious!! I also loved our waitress she was SO nice!!! - Thank you for the amazing service Lisa. The omelette station was incredible! Along with the chicken sausage. For dessert I highly recommend the carrot cake and the sorbet. - Wow first of all the fried chicken was amazing!! Highly recommend it. The shrimp is bomb but the cocktail sauce is aight. Do not get the orange juice it's really sweet and doesn't taste natural or fresh. Also stay away from the sushi you should go to a sushi restaurant if you want bomb bomb sushi not a buffet trust me.-fav part if breakfast was the yogurt parfait. Also, they had blue corn pancakes for those who are gluten intolerant. Ice cream looked really good just was too full to try!
1	Decided to eat here for breakfast before we made our way back to Los Angeles. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!Never going to eat here again and never going to recommend anyone I know to eat here. Initially, the price you pay ($47.00 for 2) didn't seem too bad. You expect it to be that price. It's a buffet right? When you take your first lap around the buffet you'll notice how dismal the selections are. There's breakfast cereal... BREAKFAST CEREAL!!! I just paid $23 to have fruit loops?!? Then that's when you realize the price is ridiculous. If you continue on you'll notice each station has some sort of an egg dish. Lobster frittata, scrambled eggs, egg white only, eggs benedict, and then an omelet station?!? Who can eat so many eggs and how lazy do you have to be that you can't come up with any other dish other than plain egg whites?!?After bypassing the numerous egg dishes and the prepared cereal bowls of frosted flakes and fruit loops, I went looking for the lox and bagels. I find the station and a line of people thinking that maybe the lox are really good. I remember them being pretty good so I make my way over to the line. I get to the line only to find that people are waiting for the staff to put more lox out. The woman in front of me says that she's been back and forth from her table several times hoping that they had replaced the lox. She went on to say she's been waiting for at least 40 minutes. 40 MINUTES!!! We ask the man behind the glass to put more out and all he says is "more coming." Yes we know, but WHEN?!?This is where I decided to tell my wife to finish her plate and to stop eating because we were going to wait 45 minutes at our table drinking only our coffee and juice and drive off to go have breakfast elsewhere.Seriously people... DO NOT WAT HERE!!!
2	My family and I came on a Friday night and each person cost about $40.99 and with tax out to around $44-45. The place was beautiful and the decor and placement was fancy... But the food was JUST OK for the price. Not too much/good quality seafood.. Their meat selection was pretty good but that's about it. Their desserts are very limited too. For the high price and "fancy status", it was pretty disappointing.. I expected so much more especially since their casino/hotel has a "luxury" feel to it..Not worth the money.. For just about $5 more you can go to The Bacchanal buffet and it is honestly the best, most amazing buffet in Vegas. Wynn buffet is honestly just worth $20. save your money!
4	Part of the reason for my recent Vegas trip is because my dad wanted to try this place after hearing me rave about it from a previous visit and because he saw this buffet on a travel show.  Also, as I said in my original review I consider any Vegas trip where I don't eat here a failure of a Vegas trip.  While this buffet is still the best I've eaten at (pending trying any of the other top of the line buffets in Vegas), I have to dock the Wynn 1 star for this visit unfortunately because the crab which in my previous visit were giant legs and the meat easy to take out was not the case this time.  The crab, while still a decent size was not of the same quality as before and were definitely smaller and with less meat.  The fresh oysters while tasty were not shucked properly which led to a little more effort to get at the meat which considering the quality of this place shouldn't have been an issue.  Overall, those were my only complaints as everything else was simply top notch and delicious as I expected of this buffet otherwise and I think I freaked my dad out with how much food I put away, including two plates of desert (come on, with so much good stuff to choose from for dessert, how could you not take two plates?)
3	We decided to visit the Wynn while on our honeymoon.  I was so excited to eat at a restaurant at one of Steve Wynn's hotels because I heard he was vegan and all his restaurants were very vegan/vegetarian friendly.  We did not do a regular dinner there as we already had other places booked so we decided to try the buffet.We thought we were going to breakfast.  Perhaps this was our fault for not reading the sign more carefully.  It was brunch when we got there.  So, in addition to the $16 a piece we paid to get into an express line and bypass the hour wait it ended up a lot more expensive than breakfast.The problem with this and any buffet I have visited is that it so hard to eat the amount of money you paid for.  It was over $100 for my husband and I to eat.  There are only so many pancakes, bagels and cupcakes one can eat at once.  I would have rather had another fine dining experience for the amount of money we paid.With that said, for a buffet this was pretty good.  For me I was glad to see an abundance of vegetarian friendly food for me to eat and some of it was labeled vegan.  I thought that was very cool.  (I just don't think it is worth the money).  For everyone else there are of course traditional brunch items like bacon and whatever else usually shows up.  Next time I visit Vegas I would love to return to the Wynn and eat from one of the other restaurants.  To me I would rather spend $100 on the dining experience.
4	We have a fantastic brunch here before we leave Las Vegas!!!!! I love the decoration in the garden area,thou it's plastic flower...and they don't serve seafood for brunch, but the smoked salmon tastes good! And there is some seaweed in the Japanese food area which surprised me!!! And also tastes good! My mum and I ate lots of that!!lol and the dessert area,enough for brunch..ice-cream is cute..umm the service is also good!!
5	We love The Buffet at Wynn. We ate here twice on vacation. Lunch and dinner and we were impressed AS USUAL. Always a big selection of tasty foods. The deserts are exquisite. The Buffet at Wynn is my go - to even when I don't stay at the Wynn. The only buffet that is comparable at the time is at Aria.
4	Came for brunch Saturday and there was maybe a 5 minute wait, albeit this is in October.Feel like these type of buffets are honestly worth it, even though every dish may not be amazing. You get to try so many creative dishes for $30-40 which would be almost as much as one dish at any other fine dining restaurant, and even less nicer places, since every place on the strip is pretty much overpriced.Compared to the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo, the Buffet had fewer options and service was lacking, but the quality of the food and dishes were better and more thoughtful. Also, it's great that they are friendly to those with specific food preferences.Our waters were rarely refilled, as we never saw our waiter, but our empty plates were almost always taken away, when we returned for more consumption. The table next to us even had to ask a hostess to get more water and be attended to.I would like to check out their dinner, as I don't care too much for pastries, waffles, and pancakes, but it was nice to see many other offerings, that are more lunch based. Sushi rolls were fine, and were made with less rice than those at Wicked spoon. The shrimp egg roll was surprisingly good, filled with an abundance of shrimp meat. I enjoyed their seaweed salad, kimchi, and lox and bagels (with all the fixings). Their cocktail shrimp was also better than those at the Cosmo. What I was most impressed with was that they had congee! This is a staple traditional Chinese breakfast item. Not only did they have congee, but it was offered with the authentic condiments: 1000 year old egg, what they call a "Chinese doughnut", etc. and it was all actually quite good. Their mango tangerine sorbet was very refreshing and tasty. The passion fruit tapioca was very good. However, the candy apple while beautiful was inedible. The candy shell was impenetrable for me.
1	Yuck.... dont waste your time your money
1	For the price and the quality it was far from impressive.  We went here for my mom's birthday and the food was lackluster.  For the amount that you pay for a buffet, the Indian Casinos in California have better quality than the food in Vegas.I mean this place is in the Wynn and I sure didn't feel like I won anything, It seemed more like a Loss.The steak was dry and rubbery, the gespacho was served in small containers (which was a great idea because it was disgusting).  The handroll ...you should steer clear of because it tastes nothing like Japanese.  The seafood was far from impressive too.  Just a poor all around buffet with subpar service.I'm pretty sure that when it comes to food service, they take a course in food microbiology.  When clearing out dishes please don't just take the dishes and plop the utensils on the table.For one, ask the person if it's ok to take the dishes.Secondly, when you put the utensils on the table, the table isn't 100% clean...do you expect me to put it back in my mouth?  There is a reason I put my utensils on an unused dish...I would like to avoid food born illness.Please just ask customers if it's ok to take away the dishes, otherwise I will ask you for more utensils and you'll be annoyed that I bothered you for extra silverware when we could have avoided this by you just simply asking.This was a disappointing birthday dinner for my mom and  all of us as well.
5	Loved loved the buffet, which had so many selections.  Only thing was I wish their oysters were fresher and that there was nigiri.  But overall beautiful experience.  Great desserts!  Crepe bar!  Lunch for $32.99, dinner for $40.99.
4	I don't know why this buffet only has 3 stars! It is soooo good! They have all the buffet foods I would eat + more! My favorite part about it is that they have a ramen bar. I didn't expect the ramen to be good because it was a buffet, but I decided to try it anyway and man was I surprised! It was pretty darn good! Plus, this buffet costs less than the other ones.
3	Its good for buffet standards.  This was comped because i lost a lot of money in slots. Speaking of the slots in the Wynn are very very rough dont be a fool like me and dump in 2 months of rent money...
1	What's there to offer those of us who don't want 6 month old frozen crab legs?What happened to this place?! At $45/person, I wouldn't say the food was much better than the Golden Corral, albeit slightly better selection! It's been about 2yrs since I last visited, and boy has this place gone downhill!The tuna/seawood dish comes in a little sauce dish, and there were only 4 little pieces of tuna, smaller than the sugar cubes you would drop in your coffee. I got sick from eating the raw oysters. The fish was dry because it has been sitting too long. They don't rotate the fried chicken, so it's the same few pieces sitting there for an hour. The pizza was depressing. and the ice cream wasn't very creamy at all. Plus the veggies were limp.The marinated rib eye was pretty good. The creme brulee was pretty good, as was the choco chip cookie, but for what I paid, I don't see the value. Very disappointed, because this place was supposed to offer a premium product, being associated with the Wynn name and all. Maybe this was why there was 0 wait time when I got here Friday night at 6pm? And to think at one time, this was one of my fave buffets of all time. Sad...
1	$39 per person is absolutely not worthy.  The crab legs are very salty and small like regular sizes and serve COLD.   The soups are so plain, not good, sushi is the worst, just the salads are fresh. Not worth the waits either.  Don't waist your money and time here.  If you are Asian,  you can tell the Asian foods are HORRIBLE!  Period.  Don't try.
1	I'll keep it concise.  The food is just not good, at all, period.  Little or no selection on anything, i wouldn't pay more than $10 for this buffet (Lunch price is $27).I'm starting to think the Wynn has no standards when it comes to their dinning (See my review of Botero, their "fancy" steak restaurant).Disgusting.
4	The Wynn Buffet has always been on my list and I finally had a chance to try it out when we visited Vegas the last time. The decor inside the buffet is absolutely stunning!!! This place is a must for anyone visiting Vegas. Though compared to other buffets, they didn't have a huge selection of dishes to choose from, the food quality was pretty good. It's definitely worth checking out at least once when your in Vegas!
3	Came here a few months ago and while the food was ok, our initial encounter with the cashier wasn't a good one as she accused us of cutting in line when we just tried to walk around a crowd who was trying to figure out payment...fast forward a few months later...we had 2 comps for the buffet...spoke to the manager who verified the comps...he was quite a character..too many red bulls or not enough meds who knows but he reminded me of a disney character, he was also very polite and welcoming. our server was very nice and attentive, quickly clearing plates and offering refills. Some of the food was good but others were disappointing...the dumplings appeared and tasted like they had been there for hours and hours, a lot of the items were a hit or miss especially the Asian ramen station. Their prime rib and crabs legs however were pretty good. The decor in here is very inviting and warm so it's a pleasant place to just eat in however for the prices charged I think it still has some work to do as I've encountered cheaper buffets with better food, thankfully this was a comped meal.
3	We came here after a long day at the trade show floor and were starving! So the idea of a dinner buffet obviously got our team excited. We called ahead of time to see if there was a long line which they said there wasn't and by the time we got there (I swear 5 mins later), there was a huge line! Do not trust the staff at these restaurants in Vegas when you ask about wait time - it's never right!! Always assume a wait or make reservations ahead of time.The manager there was very accommodating as we were a large group and people were coming in and out at different times. Selection of food was good but the servers took forever to clear our plates so we would come back to our table with stacks of uncleared plates. Regardless, we were so hungry that everything tasted amazing. We felt like savages and despite sitting by the entrance where everyone can see us like zoo animals, we just didn't care.
2	Visited the Wynn buffet for brunch on a Saturday. Stood through the usual line and was seated in requested dining area. I was underwhelmed by the brunch buffet, and would only consider visiting for normal lunch or dinner. We paid ~$33/person. For this, I would rather go out for a nice brunch where I can specify a dish and it be made to order for me. It felt like this brunch buffet's dazzle effect wore off.The atmosphere was clean and service responsive. The main buffet area is dimly lit which makes me feel like I'm walking into a cave, or a recovery bubble after a long "Vegas" night. Overall the stations are kept clean and well stocked.There were a number of stations dedicated to breakfast offerings such as fresh pancakes, eggs and egg whites, bacon, french toast, and smoked salmon and bagels. Consider coming here on a weekday if you would like to avoid these dishes.Now back to lunch. There was two soup offerings. There were salad options including a glass filled with cherry tomatoes, celery and carrots. The celery had brown on it. There was a mescaline, red beet and tangerine salad in individual serve dishes. There was a charcuterie areas with two types of cheeses and two types of salamis; smoked mozzarella and a plain looking yellow cheddar. This was really disappointing because I can get these offerings at home from a supermarket.The meat offerings were carved ham, carved prime rib and carved turkey breast. All of these meats were delicious and I would say highlights of the buffet. Seafood was limited; only bulk shrimp were available. There were a variety of "international" stations as well; Asian with wontons and a congee stand; Mexican inspired, and Japanese with sushi. The variety is great, but none of the dishes were amazing, which defeats the purpose of having such a variety. An example of this is the shrimp tempura sushi. There was very little shrimp tempura and avocado and A LOT of rice. No one eats maki rolls for the rice! I would have preferred to see a number of well executed dishes, vs. a few highlights and a bunch of mediocre food for the masses reminiscent of standards that nice Chinese buffets now even surpass.Dessert stations was very large. My favorite was the bread pudding - hands down best of the mini desserts. All of these mini cakes look very beautfiul and appealing, but they don't taste amazing or like desserts worth eating. This go around they had a raspberry cake, strawberry shortcake, chocolate cake, etc. Another notable dessert was a tapioca pudding with a passion fruit glaze- yum!
4	4.25 Bancchial is better but the brunch here is neck to neck with the bancchial in terms of quality with less of a wait but less selection. Located in the wynn hotel its not as central compared to the other big hotels and you may need to take the bus if walking is not your thing. Very vast selection and I particularly liked their smoked salmon bruscuetta bread. Decent prime rib and lamb but sushi was subpar. Overall a very above average buffet.
3	I was disappointed with The Buffet. It is large and relatively diverse, but all of the dishes were fairly generic, and totally unremarkable. Not a single dish stood out. Food quality was decent, but I've certainly eaten at much more upscale Vegas buffets (eg Bellagio). I expected more from a Wynn property. Service was good but the price was no bargain at $39.95+ on a weekday night. With so many better choices of buffet and traditional restaurants here, I would not repeat.
3	The food was so-so, some things were great tasting, other things weren't that good at all.This place has really gone down hill since when they first opened up what like 7-8 years ago?  The service was awesome and very spot on, the variety and selection of food wasn't anything great, nor did they have anything out of the ordinary that other places down the road didn't have.Nor sure I will come back unless they redo the food spread.
5	This place rocks! I don't know what everyone else who gave this place a low score is talking about, especially those who say Bacchanal is better.If you're splurging on a buffet in Vegas, then make the right choice and go here.
5	If you are vegetarian or vegan, I cannot reccomend this place enough! When we mentioned our dietary requirements to the hostess, she called the chef. The chef came out and walked us through the entire buffet, pointing out which items contained animal products and which did not. She also offered that several items could be made vegan upon request. Everything was delicious and the service was outstanding. It's a little pricey, but honestly not bad at all compared to other buffet options on the strip.
5	Dinner was fantastic! I'm allergic to wheat flour so finding good quality options at buffets is always a challenge. I called ahead to make sure I wasn't going ti pay a tin for one out two choices. Chef Russel went over all my options for each station of food (dinner buffet) who the chef would be that evening. Within five minutes of arriving, we were given a detailed tour by Chef Jen. She went over all of my options again and told me what to stay away from. She had another chef start my gluten free ravioli while I got my first plate and had them set aside a gluten free brownie in the warming station. Jen was great because she explained which foods might be at risk for cross contamination, which are kept completely separate etc. Highly recommend this place. Oh yeah, and my husband loved the crab legs.
1	just wow !!!!!!  i'm so disappointed at my first visit to as you might call it a high class hotel buffe  with nothing to eat and for it to be $86 dollars  for 2 people you would expect to have some nice choises i would have had a nice dinner out with good food not some cold garbage crab that's been sitting for hours and i had to walk around 5 times to try fine  something to eat but came back with almost nothing in my plate save your money and stay away from this buffe it's sad but so true what's expensive it doesn't mean it's going to be good only nice thing about this place the servers are good with this said i'm out to have some real food after i ate here !!!!!!!!!!
3	Good, but not amazing! The selection was good, there was a lot of variety but many items advertised on the menu outside were not available. Beef ribs, we're SOLD OUT!  Even though we arrived slightly after 6 PM.  In addition, a 17% auto gratuity for parties more than 6 makes for an expensive meal with an expectation of stellar service (seeing as we get our own meals?! )I may do it again. . . . But I'd have to make sure the menu was as advertised before paying. ;)
4	Better than a lot of Buffets in Vegas when it comes to their vegan options.... (I included some pics ) oh and tip is to ask for small servings..... like we didn't need such large servings of each option when eating buffet style. SIDENOTE : the chef who gives the tour is awesome!#VeganBreakfast / Vegan Breakfast
3	We stopped in at The Buffet for lunch on a Friday after checking into the Wynn. I was very impressed and thought they had a really great selection, and the decor in the outer seating area is just beautiful. The food was good, and definitely one of the better Vegas buffets, but nothing was super impressive - I was torn between 3 and 4 stars. From vegans to carnivores they have something for everyone, so if you have a group with diverse eating preferences this would probably be a great spot for you.
3	Well this place did not live up to the hype I've heard and read about.  The selection was ok and variety was not nearly as good as my top ranked caesars buffet.  They do however do a nice job of presentation, the layout and cleanliness is top notch.
4	Alright, I came to Vegas on a budget (it's Vegas I know, you gotta ball) with the intentions on dropping money on a good buffet. Me and my stretchy pants were ready. I googled "best buffets in Vegas" the buffet say the Wynn came up ranked number 2. I knew for dinner on a weekend I was gonna pay minimum $35 dollars anywhere. We chose here because we were walking the strip and the google results seemed promising.Dinner price is $44 and change a person. I was determined to get my money's worth. (Note: for being such a upscale and nice hotel with a "reputation" you would think their employees uniforms would be more elegant and classy than the pepto bismol skirt suit the hostesses wear. It's a random comment but that really threw us all off.)The service was great. The woman working the tables for beverages was attentive and prompt with our drinks. I gave the buffet a quick rundown to scan the food before I dived in. I was surprised with a ramen Bar which was cool even thigh I didn't try it. I didn't come to Vegas to eat ramen, pizza or Mac n cheese and a salad. I'm not really into seafood but I gave the crab legs, shrimp and oysters a go. They were okay to me but what do I know. I'm a meat and carb girl so I loaded up on the protein. I had prime rib, ribs, sausages, veggies, potatoes, made my own meat cheese plate and sampled the Italian section. I was satisfied. I don't see why the buffet gets so many low reviews? The food was delicious and I sampled a little of everything. They had a salad bar, meat cheese section, Asian, Hispanic, seafood, and American choices as well as a Dessert Bar. I've had worse, last time I came to Vegas I ate at the MGM buffet and that to me was mediocre. I would come back. But next time I think I'll give my monies bang at the Cesar's or bellagios buffet.
4	We came here for the brunch buffet on Sunday around 10:00am. The line was ridiculously long. They do allow people to hold places in line for their late friends which is annoying. The girl in front of us had about six people cut the line right when we were about to be seated. The cashier did not seem to care about the people complaining about the line cutters. We were seated at 11:15am. The food selection was great and very diverse. Brunch offers breakfast and lunch/dinner items. There is a phenomenal dessert selection. The price is fairly reasonable at $32 a head. It is an extra $16 a person if you want to do unlimited champagne. The food gets 5 stars but I had to give 4 stars overall. I can understand holding a place for your spouse to go to the bathroom but not for an entire group of people to cut. Please address this Wynn.
3	My how much can change in 4 years. In 2010 this was a quality buffet with premium meats and such. We went back last week and the food quality has really deteriorated. Selections such as Mac n cheese, mushroom bisque, and potstickers were all very unmemorable. All dishes were overly salty. Crab legs were sub-par and served cold. Perhaps this is the norm? I've only had hot ones in the past, that were far fresher and more flavorful. At least they are sliced in half lengthwise for easy access to the meat. My companion had shrimp cocktail and didn't mention it being particularly good. I had a lot of seafood during my stay in Vegas and none of it impressed. There was a station with turkey and prime rib waiting to be carved, however, each time I walked by there was no one to be found to serve me so I can't comment on that. There was a good section of vegetables and the roasted cauliflower was delicious, albeit tragically oversalted. I steered clear of the stir fries, fearing salt poisoning after having tasted other salt-laden dishes. I didn't try any Japanese items as none looked particularly appealing. At first glance, sushi rolls seemed to be too dense in rice and lacking fillings. The Italian section with its salamis and cheeses was tempting, but when you're paying $35 a plate you don't generally rush over for cheese and crackers. I think it might make a nice starter snack though in retrospect, since none of the main dishes were stellar. Soups were salty and lacking depth. Desserts were hit or miss, with the Black Forest cake lacking cherry or dark chocolate flavors and seeming to taste mostly just "sweet". I avoided the dense items such as cookies and cakes and went for the blood orange panna cotta which was delightful, and the mango tapioca which also proved a winner. The tiramisu was also pretty good. Service was excellent, drinks were always kept full, Arnold Palmer's were refreshing after one too many vodka sodas at the casino. I didn't think about tipping since the receipt at the cashier when you pay has a tip line, hopefully the server gets a share of that rather than just the cashiers! I had no cash so I couldn't leave her anything additional. I definitely won't be going back to the buffet. I was also hungry a few hours later, go figure! I was a bit irked by that. I suppose nothing was good enough for me to want to gorge myself. For those with less discriminating palates and larger appetites, it might be worth the cost but certainly not for my friend and I.
1	No choose for veggie lover and seafood lover need to give more choose for Indian food
3	The husband and I wanted to hit up a few good buffets during our stay. We received mixed reviews for the Wynn buffet, but found it easy to eat at since we were going to watch le reve. After standing in line for about 20 mins (on a Tuesday around 7pm) we were seated. The entry way is gorg but lead back the buffet area the decor seemed a bit outdated, but still very nice.The food experience - I just didn't find anything special. The food is all good, but nothing was drool worthy.  They have salads, american, Italian, grilled foods, ramen station, asian and seafood. It was a great variety, but like I said nothing stood out. My favorite was the dessert bar. It had a good variety.
3	As far as buffets go, the food is quite good. But I don't think I'll do buffets any more. The wait was ridiculous, almost three hours. I was planning to go for brunch, but it became dinner. About $110 for 2, then add the drinks ($16 per person for beer, wine, champagne, bloody mary), the total is almost $150 (and after tipping the waiter, clearly more than that).As I said, food was decent, but if you go for a "real" restaurant, it will be better.The drinks were disaster: the "champagne" was some sweet sparkling wine, but drinkable; the red wine was "capstone cabernet" which you could drink with food, but don't smell it (I couldn't finish the glass); the bloody mary was most peppery I've ever had, I had two sips of it (of a 16 oz glass).The desserts were good.
5	Fantastic dinning experience.  Went on THANKSGIVING DAY because we had heard it was best place to eat in LV.  And it was.  We all loved it.  The best part was that there were no lines for food once you got sat.  They have a VIP package for a couple of bucks more which means no line to get in that includes a glass of Bubbly and 10 percent off your next visit (pays for itself) .  Not sure why anyone would wait three hours?Also, Brenda the General Manager came to our table to see how everything was a nice touch.  Have been to many buffets in the city and this is the very best.  Lived up to its reputation.
4	One of the best buffet in Vegas . Tried most of the food, salads and soups. They should have better Sushi varieties and the taco was less than average.
2	The Buffet was a disappointment this time. Oysters  r soggy n old, ahi tuna looks dark n soggy, the rib eye is chewy, and the rest of the food like crab legs , ramen and even bread are extremely salty. Can't believed i stood in line for such a low quality food. Nothing was good this time. I was here 5 yrs ago and quality has declined steeply. Very sad. Service- good.
1	This was a mixed bag. What was good, was very good. What was bad, was awful. However, it was the stuff you would think would be a no-brainer was really disappointing. For example, the prime rib was almost raw, not medium rare or rare, raw. The fish and shrimp were underdone, as in semi translucent. The cheese pizza had so much Romano it was unpleasant to eat. And a lot of the food was cold and the server was almost never around and it was hard to get refills. But, I will say that the pear and gorgonzola filled pasta was outstanding. The mac and cheese was good, not special, but good. The streamed buns were very good. The Chinese duck soup was wonderful. The crab legs were great, and I don't usually like crab legs. The desserts were very good, especially the passion fruit tapioca. Overall, for the price, this was sub par.However! Right after I finished this review... My husband lost his entire dinner!! Couldn't make it to the bathroom. What freaked me out was the staff. They were completely jaded, not surprised or horrified. And that makes me wonder... Does this happen often?!?!!! So, this review was going to be two stars, but I've taken it down to one star since there was obviously something very bad served.
3	Nothing spectacular just average, in fact I was staying across the street at Treasure Island and their buffet was better than this one and much cheaper. The hotel itself looked nice inside and obviously catered to the upper class.
2	Beautiful setting with good buffet food but the wait and host/hostess staff were bad.  When they were seating us they sat our party & 2 others at the same time & I overheard the first party say there were 10 of them & the hostess said "well I don't know nothin' about no party for 10, this is for 2, you guests be gettin' on my nerves today," and some other rant and rave-nothing that was very pleasant or hostess like. Then we sat there for several minutes waiting for someone to take our drink order & when I saw the waiter serving the table next to us I asked if we could have coffee & juice, and after we got it we NEVER saw him again.  Won't go back.
2	Bottomless Sunday brunch was just ok. The food was typical bulk standard and most dishes were lukewarm. We were with a large party, so a hefty gratuity was already included despite the subpar service.  The Bloody Mary was below average, so I would skip the bottomless option. Overall, the brunch buffet was way overpriced for simple, average food quality and mediocre service. Two stars because it is 'good for large groups'.
1	How far the mighty have fallen. If you read my previous review, written in 2008, I used to love the Wynn buffet. I haven't been to the Wynn buffet in a few years...pretty much since Wicked Spoon and the Bacchanal Buffet opened. My partner-in-crime Brian V. and I were in town over Thanksgiving and felt nostalgic so we decided to revisit the Wynn for Thanksgiving brunch. We arrived at about 10:30 am and the line was not too long. This buffet is truly frozen in time...nothing has changed as far as the types of food offered. It is really just standard buffet food circa 2000. I got some turkey breast, slab bacon, and an eggs benedict. The turkey breast was so dry I almost choked on it. The eggs benedict was completely overcooked to the point of rubber and was completely inedible. I was honestly shocked at the awfulness of this food. My dining partner went straight for the shrimp. As soon as he sat down I could smell a strong odor of ammonia...like seafood that had gone bad. When we looked at the shrimp it was pretty obvious that he should not eat them...some had even started turning green. When my champagne arrived it was in a dirty glass...and when I say dirty, I really mean filthy. Upon further inspection all of the glass wear on the table we equally as filthy. Very frightening!!! We were both completely nauseated and revolted...the manager gave us our money back and we left.Never again!
1	Meh!  Meh!   Meh!  This buffet was recommended to my boyfriend and I so we waiting in a loooooog line on a Sunday.    There were two things I was looking for in the buffet - crab legs and  Eggs Benedict.  This Sunday buffet did not offer *either* of them.  It was very disappointing.      There was nothing special about this buffet - it was the typical frozen food prepped and sitting out under a warming light.
5	I love this buffet, it's probably my favorite buffet in Las Vegas! Each dish is special and delicious. They have amazing seafood, like crab, cocktail shrimp, mussels, and sushi. It's all super fresh and totally worth the price. I was a bit skeptical at first because of some of the other reviews, but I can honestly say it was delicious, fresh, clean, and overall amazing! I'm happy tried it out, awesome dining experience!
4	In my honest opinion, this is one of the better Vegas buffet that I've eaten at. It's got all of your standard Vegas buffet fare: crab legs, sushi, prime rib, oysters, etc. What I like the most are all of the chef stations: The street tacos, the ramen bar, multi-meat carver. All the food is high quality but nothing is done spectacularly, which is a characteristic that seems like is all too common in the buffet game. Buffets aren't really my thing, so I probably won't be back. However, I don't really have a solid complaint. If I could give it 3.5 stars, I would.
5	AMAZING!!!!  We are locals so it's very hard to impress us with a buffet.  Everything we tried was delicious!!  Our waitress Melissa was awesome as well.  Thank you Melissa.
5	I have lived in Las Vegas for 22 years and have been to many buffets but none have ever come close to the experience I had at Wynn's buffet. The food was delicious and service was on point. The beef ribs were extra tender and the tuna poke melted in my mouth. Everything I tried was better than expected.  My server Melissa was very friendly and attentive. Great dinner.
2	This place really falls short of what I expect from Wynn.  While there were a few tasty dishes, most were pretty bad.  The sushi was inedible, and the only seafood they had was watery shrimp.  No crab legs.  No crab claws.  Poor quality food, mediocre selection. Also, the "20 minute wait" was actually closer to 45 minutes.
1	My boyfriend and I just had brunch yesterday morning. He insisted on going here because he said the food was excellent when he went years ago. We waited in a long line (35 minutes). We were totally disappointed with the quality of the food. Everything that should've been hot was mildy warm/cold. A complete waste of money. I'm giving it 1 star because the service was good.
2	This place was ok.   There is no crab legs/Shrimps in the buffet at all.It was over price for what they served...
5	came there at 3rd of Dec.Food quality is fair, little disappoint about no king crab, but the prime rib is very very good, and the waitress service us very very........very good
3	We had complimentary passes to The Buffet from our stay at Encore.  We decided to check this place out for brunch.  The food is pretty much on par for any sort of buffet in Las Vegas.  The one item that was missing was crab legs.  I will most likely not be back as I am not a big fan of buffets.
3	I hadn't ever been to a buffet in Vegas but was excited because everyone talks about how amazing the buffets are in The various hotels. However, I must admit I was a little disappointed. The choices for Chinese food were good and thought the dumplings and spring rolls were tasty but other than that nothing to write home or Yelp about. The ramen bar wasn't what I thought...the packages that you buy at the grocery store have more flavor. We purchased the endless drinks. I would think with endless drinks we wouldn't have had to wait so long between even being asked if we wanted a refill. As with most buffets, you purchase your meal and then you are seated. However, it was irritating to be asked if we wanted to pay gratuity while purchasing our meals before even being seated. I am all for tipping and often overtip because I know how hard the wait staff works but to be asked beforehand is inappropriate.
5	How can you not give this place five stars in my opinion this is one of the top three buffets in Las Vegas.  They have food from so many cultures and none of it disappoints.  Be prepared to wait 30-45 mins online to get in.  The price is $35 for lunch and $50 for dinner.  My favorite foods to get are the prime rib, Alaskan crab legs, Tom Yum soup, and Italian meats.  If you have never been to this buffet you should definitely give it a try because you will be back!
3	Went here with a party of 4 on a Sunday, around noon.   You can pay an extra $16 per person for the VIP line for 15 minutes wait plus mimosa/champagne.  OR wait with the general masses and pay the regular price ($33?).  We did the latter and got seated in about 45 minutes. The drink server was okay.  Not overly attentive, but got everything we asked for. As for the selection of food, it didn't seem to have as much of a variety as Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace.   Highlights were the cuts of italian meat and cheeses, prime rib, lox, cocktail shrimp, and thick slabs of black peppercorn crusted bacon (kind of fatty, but delicious).  Dessert was good!  Highlights were the soy mint chip ice cream, cappuccino ice cream, passion fruit with tapioca, pretzel bar,  and cinnamon bread pudding. No crab or lobster during brunch hours I guess. One and done deal.  Try it and then head to Caesar's.
5	Get here early for lunch!  I got here at 12pm and waited about and hour on line before being seated.  It was worth it though.  The food was great and fresh.  They even had hand rolls!  The wait staff is very friendly. Food comes out very fresh.  I had bachannal for dinner a few months ago and wish I tried the buffet at Wynn instead.
1	They so not serve what you see here on yelp. No king Crab Legs, Lobster, etc. nothing good about this place. Paid 40 to get buffet you can get at a Chinese buffet back home. Save your money.
1	Came here for only two things. King crab & lobster and they had neither! Maybe since it was a Monday but still, if you are going to pay $40 for mediocre food like this I would've went with my first choice at the Rio. Thought this place would be nice and have a variety like the pictures and reviews. My husband and I were both very disappointed that it wasn't what we expected it to be especially thinking that it was at a high end hotel. Also waited forever for a refill on our drinks until my husband had to ask, then reading another fellow yelper's review, decided to check my glass cup & behold! It was filthy with water stains on it!! Regret coming here and spending $80+. Oh & BTW, prices are not $36 for Mon-Thurs. Went up to $40!! Never coming here ever again!
3	If you are a seafood lover... Shrimp, crab claws, raw oysters... then maybe it's worth the money, otherwise definitely not.  For over $40. per person some form of steak should be on the menu.  Maybe a small filet.  I'm not a steak lover but sure that many people would love to have it.  My wife enjoyed the rack of lamb. Most of the other dishes were fairly ordinary. No olives on a buffet?  The tacos were terrible.  Steve... you can do a lot better than this... you did when you opened Bellagio!This, at best is a $30 - $35. buffet.
2	OK, Mr. Wynn, You can't win over a local that knows buffets.  This review is for their Saturday and Sunday brunch buffet. First, there are NO accommodations for seniors and handicap.  In the long line that we were in there were practically no people over middle age.  Most  were young.  That said with that  long line we asked to be seated first because of an elder,handicapped and diabetic senior that was with us but they refused to do so without paying $16 per person extra.  Wow, that's despicable!   No way around it according to the on duty manager!  Isn't that against the law?So if that older person came alone they would have to wait in that 45 minute line?  Really Mr. Wynn?Second, the price that they charge for the brunch is a rip off.   They charge you for some eggs, waffles and choices of sausage that costs them less than other foods! We payed nearly $36 per person and I could not fill up my plate with items that I liked.Sure, the presentation was good as for example a small side salad was served in a cup sized strainer but overall the selection of the buffet WAS POOR !Their green salad choices were pathetic though their desserts were pretty good. The service was attentive.Overall, not a happy camper at all and I expected more for the price and from a place such as the Wynn hotel.  They might fool a tourist but not a local!
2	2 Stars.  Every dish is so-so at best. "More" at Luxor is better and is half the price. However, if you have the need to spend lots of money, go to Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.
2	Salty snow crab legs, not King crab legs as advertised. Tough and overcooked prime rib. Was told a meat was lamb when it was clearly roast beef. Enough said....oh, and 'holiday'pricing for the same fare as normal days is ridiculous.
3	Came here for lunch one day. We were kind of hungry so we opted for a buffet. This buffet was pretty good in comparison to all the ones I've tried in Vegas.  They have a good variety of stations from Mexican, Asian, seafood etc. They also have a pretty good dessert station as well. Love their gelato flavors and their creme brulee! They also have vegan options available. The price per person is about $40. Reasonable for the options you have.
2	a lot of good foodie friends recommend us to try Wynn buffet, it's rated in their top 3 Vegas buffets, so we decided to give it a try. What a disappointment, maybe we went in with high expectation, maybe we were just mad that we gave up our one night in Vegas to Wynn instead of Bacchanal.. nonetheless, the Buffet doesn't taste like it's worth the $40 price tag. We felt like we were paying $40 for Golden Corral type of food.The selection on Saturday dinner were very limited, how can they call a Chinese station with only Chow mien, fried rice and some steamed dumplings? and a sushi station with 3 sorry type of California roll looking thing? They were missing the basics?? and Italian station had 4 different pastas but tasted the same. I don't know man, and the taste wasn't that great either. half of dessert section were candy apples.. err.. anyway, just don't think it's worth $40, not even close.. I had much better buffet for half of that price before.
1	Absolutely overrated. We had to pay extra to use the VIP lane, otherwise we'd have to wait for over an hour just to get in.
1	too pricey , not a lot of choices I expected much base on the reviews It didnt ment my expectations bad chrismas dinner for us, i dont mind paying but it has to be worth it.
2	This is a painful review to write as I have always stood up for The Wynn Buffet. Our experience today has forced me to revise my opinion. We waited for an hour to be seated ( better than the 5-6 hour wait we would have had at The Bacchanal Buffet) and once seated had great service from Sandra (the only stellar thing about the experience). The once excellent high quality beef offerings have become tough dry, chewy and over salted. Where is the Kobe beef that used to be here? For $125 for two (my husband had the $16 all you can drink mimosas, bloody Mary's, beer, etc) the selection of food was so mediocre. For a holiday buffet everything seemed warmed over, salty, bitter, over cooked and even the pizza was rubbery. The best items were the salads and desserts. Thank goodness I love salad and gelato. But $55 for salad and ice cream is just not worth it. Chinese food very salty and meh. Sushi was rubbery. The crab was hit or miss depending on what piece you had. Oysters were ok. The funny thing about this buffet was that I kept going to different stations to try everything, hoping to find a winner. No luck. The final insult came when we were asked by Rhonda to leave as we had been there over two hours and there were people waiting in line for our table. I understand you have to draw the line somewhere but my husband hadn't had dessert yet and it felt so tacky after spending $125. I would not have minded if the beef had been tender and the veggies not over cooked and over salted. Shame on The Wynn. The Bacchanal is really MUCH BETTER. But Vegas is really a zoo this time of year so to really enjoy yourself wait till the holidays and conventions have abated. And avoid the Wynn until they up the quality of their offerings. It is just not nearly what it used to be.
3	The Wynn is a beautiful hotel. Amazing decor and attention to detail, so I expected the same with their buffet. In some regards it stood up to that statement, but in others it fell short.We went to the buffet during the breakfast and lunch crossover, thus had a chance to try items from both courses. Most of the food is good, but very cookie cutter. Some have mentioned that their smoked salmon is epic - and that's definitely true. Don't bother with the sushi, especially if it's your first time, it's highly disappointing. Their meat selection is very good. They also have a variety of different cusines - Thai, Chinese (Dim Sum), Mexican, Indian. Jack of all trades, master of none.The desserts were highly disappointing - some were too bland, other were overly sweet.For the price we paid, $23/person, I'd say it's good, not great.
3	Average Vegas buffet.  Great variety. Food is great. No complaints. The reason I give average is because it's on par with many of the other Vegas buffets we have been to and a bit over priced. We came about 930am during the new years holiday. We paid about $40 per person.  That's too much to pay for breakfast but not many other choices in the Wynn hotel for breakfast.
1	Was here on 12/29 for dinner buffet. Was considered holiday so they jacked the dinner price from thirtysomething to $49.99. With tax and tip it came out to $60. Honestly a TOTAL ripoff. Food was bleh. They had snow crab legs (no king crab) which was completely unacceptable when paying that much. I checked out the sushi bar and it was embarrassing to say the least. No sashimi and they had only 3 or 4 types of rolls. Minado's BLOWS them away. If you want to overpay for average buffet but want to be seen in a chic place, then go here. You're not paying for quality of food but the atmosphere. I do NOT recommend.Also there was a 2 hour limit which our waitress reminded us of as well as noting the starting time on the receipt. There also appeared to be a 2 max drink because my friend only got one refill on his OJ and the waitress never came back. I told him to ask for another but he didn't so we could be wrong.
4	Went for brunch. Awesome buffet. Didn't find as many seafood options but great for meat lovers.
1	Worst experience at a "high end"  Vegas Buffet ever.  We have been going to Spice Market since the Aladdin Casno and have had good and great experiences but never a bad one.  Have been to other buffets as well but never the Wynn.  We decided to try it out given the good reviews.  We arrived and it was busy but the line moved at a reasonable speed. After trying to call multiple times we thought the cost would be the $25 for lunch as listed on many sites but discovered they consider Jan 2nd a holiday and jacked up the price to $40 for "Brunch" and $60 for dinner.  After waiting in line for an hour brunch was 30 min from ending and the dinner transition so we thought it would be worth it getting dinner items as well.  As we feared, Brunch is not a special menu but an excuse to replace unique dishes with simple breakfast foods.  Every station had some cheap version of eggs, sausage, hashbrowns obviously in place of themed items on regular menu.  The Eggs Benedict (with smoked Salmon) looked promising but the muffin was so stale I couldn't cut it, the egg over very hard and the Hollandaise so dried out it was no longer liquid.  Salads were pathetic and wilting and seafood section was dismantled a full 20 minutes before the transition leaving it empty for that period.  Carving station had only old turkey and no prime rib for over a half hour and no server for most of it.  Finally the dinner entrees were served and look promising but ultimately disappointing.  Snapper, Sea Bass and Salmon all rubbery and flavorless.  Oysters not fresh, grab legs ok but they wouldn't steam them for those of us that prefer them that way.  Asian station was a poor imitation of a panda express with mediocre chicken stir fry and sticky buns filled with what appeared to be butternut squash instead of a pork or other filling.  Pot stickers with no Gyoza sauce, just soy sauce in packets?!  Dessert crepes filled with creamy cheese were tasty and the ice cream was very good but the rest of pastries were mostly perfunctory additions to an otherwise bland station.  After speaking to the manager we left understanding the poor experience. Not the service you would expect from an establishment purported to be "classy".  She explained they can't post signs at the entrance or update the website to reflect the "many" holidays throughout the year when they decide to jack up the prices and drop all pretense of quality.  I offered to provide them with the name of a few capable web masters but alas that would be too great a task for this little operation to take on...
2	I judge buffets by how willing I am to pay their price to eat my fill and feel disgusting later (who learns from their mistakes anyways?). And no one in my family felt like the $49.95 each was worth the aftermath. We came unknowingly during their holiday schedule pricing, which meant that they had two time segments: pre-1pm at $39.95, and $49.95 for everyone afterwards (adult pricing). At a 1.5 hour wait, it wasn't as bad as it could have been and we got in around 3pm. But because The Buffet has been rated consistently in the top Vegas buffets, our expectations were way higher. My family also lived in Vegas during the reign of the Rio buffet - where are the days of $30 for unlimited lobster tail?The seating and atmosphere seems pretty and spacious enough. Soft drinks, juice, and drip coffee are included with your meal. At an additional $16, you can get all you can drink beer and wine from the options provided. Alright, food:The Good- Sea bass, game hen, prime rib- Surprisingly, the Asian section (try their BBQ pork buns)- Desserts (Crepes made to order! Gelato! Cakes! Cookies! Panna cotta! Fruit! But sadly no creme brulee...)- Restocking happened fairly quicklyThe Disappointments- Skinny crab legs (they're cut in half for convenience, but would be scrawny even when whole) and a small seafood section in general- Ramen noodle bar (What is this tiny bowl? And why don't I get to decide what goes in it?) - Most of the soups and the crab legs were monstrously salty. Felt like I was being made to eat less and fill up on water. - Just meh selection in general (international cuisine buuut, no particularly unique dishes of note)There are bathrooms located behind the dessert area within the buffet which you can frequent without fear of being let back inside. There were only four stalls in the women's bathroom and timing is really everything - you might arrive when it's completely empty or you'll be atoning for your last plate while in line. At least the stall doors have a "Vacant/Occupied" switch so you don't have to peel to see if someone's really behind that door.For something advertised as a "holiday special", I felt really let down. I'm glad that at least the meal ended on a sweet note with the extensive desserts, but was the meal worth the wait and the price? No. If this is the top tier of Vegas buffets, I'll stick to fine dining in the future. Same price for better quality food and without fearing for your bowels.
5	"The Buffet" has lot of vegetarian food. Food I tasted today include macroni salad, couscous salad, quinoa salad, mushroom soup, veggie spring roll, tamale, Spanish rice, guacamole, pita crisp, veg pizza(not good. I don't know how the other pizzas tasted), creme brulee,  apple pie, carrot cake,  thiramisu, raspberry cheese cake,  Oreo cake, bread pudding, roasted corn, rice crispy lollipop. You can order crepes, tacos, ramen noodles, pastas, salads s s vegan or vegetarian. The desserts section had many sugar free sweets. If vegetarians or vegans wants to try a Vegas buffet,  wynn's buffet is the best place.Five star is for the number of vegan friendly options in the buffet.
1	First of all the decor seemed like eating at a old grandma's home. The seafood selection is pitiful there was nothing to the oysters and crab legs were overly salty! The other selections were not very appealing for the price we paid. I have been home for an hour and haven't left the bathroom.  Shame on you wynn buffet for the terrible product you put out and thanks for getting me sick! But I'm sure you really don't care what I think!
2	The buffet at Wynn is my boyfriend's favorite buffet in Vegas, and he is both a foodie and a frequent Vegas visitor.  Because of this, I have visited this buffet 3 times.  I, on the other hand, am like most Yelpers; I am happy if the price of my food matches the level and quality of my dining experience.Ambience:  The seating area is beautiful, particularly if you can be seated in the garden/atrium.  Towers of flowers adorn the room, so it makes for a very pleasant and aromatic dining experience.Food:  Another reviewer described this buffet as a "Jack of all trades, master of none."  This is exactly my sentiment.  The buffet is stacked with many, many options and a spread of international cuisines.  There are also lots of vegetarian options.  The chilled seafood is decent- usually they have king crab legs, which is pretty amazing.  And the desserts are bite-sized, so you can try several of them without feeling too guilty.  However, there is nothing that is prepared in any exceptional way.  The lobster quiche is dry, noodles can be pretty bland, and the sushi tastes like the kind you get at the grocery store.Price:  On a normal, non-holiday weekday (Monday-Friday), the buffet charges $25.99 for lunch and $39.99 for dinner.  My last visit was Friday, January 2, for lunch.  During that visit, the buffet was $39.99 per person, which is $14 more than the usual rate.  The reason was that this was their "Holiday weekend" price....despite that it was neither a weekend nor a holiday.  For anyone like me who plans their trip in advance and prices out a food budget, this was an unwelcome surprise.Service:  The servers are friendly and polite, but the seating staff and managers are not.  Expect to wait in line (we arrived at 10:50am for lunch and waited 45 minutes), but this last time a cocktail waitress did come around and offer us bottled water, which was nice.Overall, I have had so much good food at beautiful restaurants in Vegas (Buddy V's, Mon Ami Gabi, Cafe Society, and Burgr all come to mind) that standing in line for an exorbitantly-priced, mediocre buffet seems absurd.  So for me, there are only two reasons to waste your time and money on this buffet:  (1) Money is no object, or (2) The existence of food options outrank quality.
4	The only reason its not a 5 star is because its too prucey for the quality. I mean.... They try really hard with the presentation. But the taste just isnt there for almost $70 a head after tax on a busy night.
