5	Good Pho, Good hot plate beef dish, good fruity dessert, good sake bombers.. its all good.Im glad they open close to where i work. This place will definitely be my regular lunch and booze stop.
4	The beef pho is really good and the shrimp/pork spring rolls is pretty good also.
3	Hooray! One of my two fondest wishes for Surprise has come true - a Vietnamese restaurant! Now all we need is an Indian restaurant and I can quit being pissed off that I committed to owning two houses in this boring little section of Phoenix. Tried it out this evening with the wife and kid. She was a little hesitant because she doesn't really go for Vietnamese, but I'm a pho fiend and when I learned that we have one of these places locally I HAD to go see.First impression of the place: it's very neat and clean - to be expected since it's pretty new. They're going for a Scottsdaley urban vibe or something, I guess.. bar/stool area plus tables which overall reminded me of Tokyo Lobby a little further down Bell. Not a bad thing as long as the grub measures up too, such as is the case at Vogue Bistro. The wait staff were very attentive. A little too attentive, actually - we were pinged about six or seven times while we ate by two separate waiters, but of course that's better than being ignored. Customer feedback #1 - refill the glasses automatically without interrupting our conversation to ask, please. As always, I ordered the pho dac biet (special beef and noodle soup). The wife had the Saigon Rice (BBQ pork, carrot, pea, shrimp [she asked for no shrimp, though], rice and egg) and shared it with our toddler. She also had the spring rolls. I hate those things, they always remind me of intestines filled with worms for some reason. But anyway. The kid, after a little coaxing, had some rice, noodles (extracted from the guts of one of the spring rolls) and satay sauce. He didn't mind it. Wife ate her fill and also didn't mind it. My pho was hot and tasty but I have some criticisms. Positives first: it was piping hot, the broth was very tasty (marrow bones boiled longer in it, or perhaps more beef stock?), they served lemon pieces instead of lime (listen carefully, other Vietnamese places: there's a difference, and lemon is -better-) and I didn't have to beg/gesticulate for a fork. Now for the low points. Dac biet should be served with flank, tendon, brisket and TRIPE. There was absolutely no tripe in my soup. I fished for a while, then asked one of the wait staff, who advised that they do not include tripe in that dish. Fail. Not a big fail, but what I'll call a "Bombay Spice" fail (those people who have been to Bombay Spice in Paradise Valley expecting 'actual' Indian restaurant fare will know exactly what I mean here). Customer feedback #2: serve your pho dac biet with tripe and let customers dictate whether or not you should continue doing so, rather than the other way round. Second, I got a measly palmful of bean sprouts on one of those long square plates, hardly enough for a single bite. Third, instead of a bottle of Sriracha hot sauce on the table there was a doll's-house-sized dollop of it on a tiny square dish. Now, I don't actually put Sriracha in my soup, but EVERYONE else I know does so it's a valid point for analysis AFAIC. Yes, I know I could have asked for more sprouts and in hindsight maybe I should have, since otherwise how would they know about the fails? And finally, just aesthetics - at the beginning of the meal I was forking around in the bottom of the bowl looking for some noodles, didn't find them, then seconds later realised why - the noodles were all clustered on the other side of the bowl in a huge semi-stuck-together wad, basically as though they had been emptied out of the packet as a brick of vermicelli and then not stirred at all as they were boiled. I soon separated them with my fork.$9 for a large pho dac biet that was missing a traditional ingredient. Not a spectacular price considering what I got. I was still hungry and had to mow down on my wife's leftovers before I was satiated. So to speak. My favourite Vietnamese in the valley is still 43rd Express (http://www.yelp.com/biz/43rd-express-phoenix) at 43rd Ave and Thomas. Go try a bowl of THEIR pho and see what you get for your dollar. Saigon Kitchen gets three stars flat. Nice and average in the scheme of things, with Cold Stone Creamery next door being a definite plus. I am judging them based on the other VN restaurants I've eaten at across the entirety of Phx. I'm certainly not going to especially fawn over the place because it's a zillion miles closer to me than the nearest other VN restaurant. But, I'll definitely return and we'll see whether they improve over time. I got an extra star in my pocket just for them if they do. Very pleasant decor, completely unexpected for a place that serves this kind of cuisine. Usually you got linoleum, plastic tables and a coupla dead roaches in the corners. For the moment, in order: 43rd Express, Avina's, Nam Sao and then here. I'm kinda glad they censored my review of 43rd Express, actually. I really like that place, it's just that I wrote my review after travelling 20 mins to get there only to find it closed.. on a TUESDAY. Anyway. I'll quit waffling now.
5	I've been waiting for this place to open so we could have a place in Surprise to eat other than the chain trash eateries. I had the egg rolls which were crispy and delicious. I also had the Pho which was hot and delicious. Service was good, prices reasonable. I will definitely eat here again.
4	Surprise!  A Vietnamese restaurant in Surprise.  I ordered bun noodles with beef/lemongrass to go.  I waited at the bar, and the service was great.  The owner sat next to me and had a plate of spring rolls.  I made a comment on how tasty they looked, and he asked if I wanted one.  I think that's when I knew I loved this place.  Anyhow, I got home and tasted my food.  Awesome.  The noodles were cooked perfectly (not soggy), and there were plenty of veggies and meat.  The nuoc mam had a lot of flavor as well. (You can have really good food, but if you have crappy nuoc mam, your food won't taste right.)  I think I'm gonna have to start ordering to-go weekly.
5	So excited they finally have a good Viet restaurant in town. I ordered the Pho Thai so did the boyfriend, we also shared the crispy egg rolls which were amazing. My son had the chicken fried rice. All was amazing. I would say however they give you rather small pre-squeezed helpings of Hoisen and Sirracha. I like to add a ton of both to my soup and made due with what I was given. Other wise it was very clean, the staff was great, the soup and egg rolls were amazing and I would highly recommend the chicken fried rice for the little ones. My kiddo devoured it.Give them your business so they stick around. Fun atmosphere, nice bar, great food, great location, clean bathrooms and cold stone next door if youre craving a sweet treat after.
5	What an amazing place.  My wife and I shared some crispy egg rolls as our appetizer, for our main course she got the chicken fried rice and I got the shaken beef.  I can't believe how tender the beef was and the onions to black pepper ratio was amazing.  I noticed people expressed concern for the small amount of the chili sauce they give you; they now give you the whole bottle.  My wife liked it so much she said she wants to meet her father here later in the week.
4	Loved Saigon Kitchen...clean, friendly efficient staff, and amazing foood!Try the Spring rolls they are amazing!  Can't wait to go back again!
5	My son (AKA the 10 Year Old Gourmand) and I enjoyed lunch here today and enjoyed it thoroughly! We were pleasantly surprised by the trendy, upscale decor that was without a hint of tacky typical Asian restaurant flair. The room was open and bright and not a hint of fushia in sight. :) We enjoyed the pork eggrolls as our appetizer. They came out piping hot with an accompaniment of mint leaves and lettuce to roll the egg rolls in. The viniagrette dipping sauce was sweet without taking away from the flavor of the egg rolls. Probably the best egg rolls we've had in quite a long time.I enjoyed the Meatball Pho for my entree. I enjoy Pho very much and this was excellent. I was told by our server that they steep the broth for over 10 hours and it was very nicely done. I ordered a small serving which I couldn't finish but not because it wasn't amazing. I just got full. :)My son had the shrimp fried rice. It had a very generous portion of shrimp in it...and not diced up and spread throughout...these were larger size shrimp with the tails still on. I counted at least 8 shrimp which is a pretty generous portion. The rice was perfectly cooked and while it could easily have fed us both, my son gobbled it up like it was his last meal. It came with a side of scallion soup which was also delicious  as well. The service was attentive while not being intrusive and they were kind enough to explain about the side dish of condiments for the Pho to ensure that even the most novice of Pho-eaters were sure to find a way to make their Pho exactly how they like it. All in all, an excellent new restaurant hidden among the chains that surround this area of Bell rd and a new treasure to Surprise. Can't wait to go back!
5	Great food, good prices, nice environment.I had the vegetarian Pho and loved it, my father really likes the place too,I recommend it to anyone, you wont be disappointed :)
4	Iced Coffee was PEFECT! Service was GREAT!Food was EXCELLENT!I hope to continue seeing this gem around Suprise! The Pho is one of the best I have had in Phoenix!!!
5	This was my first visit and I will be back even though I don't live in AZ. The food was amazing and very reasonably priced. Can't wait for my next visit.
4	Went there with the family for Father's Day and will definitely go back again (just not with the family).  I ordered the Combination Pho.  Now it's been years since I had eaten Pho as there were no Vietnamese places near me.  I don't remember exactly how the Pho tasted at Da Vang years ago, but I know it was better than here.  But Siagon Kitchen's Pho was still excellent.  The meatballs are very tasty and the broth has a unique sweetness to it.  I would definitely eat this dish again.  My wife had a combination rice plate that was very good as well.  The biggest surprise was the chicken sandwiches that the kids got.  They did not like them (why I won't go with the family again), but I had them for leftover lunches for the next three days.  At $5 these are an absolute steal.  They are tasty with grilled chicken, diakons (a radish type veggie), cucumbers, carrots and cilantro.  These would be perfect to pop in and have for lunch.
5	What a great place to go and hang out and have fun with good food and great service. I have been here many times before, as has many others. I am working my way through the menu. I live all the meals I have had here, and you will to. Give them a try and have fun.
5	We've been here 3 more times since my last review and each time has been as good as our first visit. My son is addicted to the shrimp fried rice. And I can see why! It is flavorful and the portion of shrimp was and continues to be very generous.At our last visit, my husband and I shared the Saigon fried rice which was very good as well. The one thing that I noticed, and it's only because I'm a culinary school grad, is that the cuts of meats in the rice weren't uniform. It had sausage, pork, shrimp, chicken, etc in it and the meats were all different sizes. It's not an issue but from a culinary standpoint...I'm a snob in that way. hahaha.The drinks are always full, the service is always attentive, and they are always very happy to have us back! Looking forward to our next visit as those darn pork eggrolls are addictive!
5	What a great addition to Surprise and best of all it's not to far from my house. I'm stationed at Luke Air Force base  and I've had tried many vietnamese restaurants  from coast to coast. Hands down this is ranked at the top of my list. It's clean, modern and the staff is friendly, not to mention the food is outstanding. So far I've been there 6 times and won't stop, the food keeps calling me. The wife and kid love it as well.  Check it out, you won't  be disappointed.
4	Seated a little too close for comfort next to talkative party of four while wishing I could carry on a conversation with my hubby on date night. Atmosphere is nice but very casual, on the same level as Pei Wei. Service was friendly and attentive. Enjoyed a fancy drink. Vegetarian spring rolls were very good. I had the pork fried rice and loved the sauce it was served with on the side (you mix in) so much I asked for more. I'd like to come back and try some other dishes such as the Bahn Mi.
4	Wow, this is good stuff.First off, I entered to pick up my carry-out order, and I was greeted with a handshake and friendly faces.My food was ready, I was promptly served and I was on my way out within 3 minutes of walking through the door.My usual order in the valley is rice vermicelli with pork (Bun Thit Nuong) but I was pleased to see that Saigon Kitchen offers charbroiled chicken as well. This is a HUGE plus for me, as many other locations only offer shrimp, pork or egg rolls. The chicken was very good. The flavors weren't quite as marinated as I'd hoped and it was a touch on the greasy side (because it /is/ dark meat), but the flavor and texture were overall very good.The portion size is appripriate; I had enough to fill me.... and I generally eat a lot. I would've preferred more peanuts and pickled carrots on top, but that's nitpicking. Their fish sauce is one of the best I've tasted.I have to try their spring rolls and other standard Vietnamese items another time, but if you want a very good meal, the Bun Ga Nuong is an excellent selection.
5	Never thought I would be one for Vietnamese food, but I have to tell you, I am soooo glad my wife and son talked me into it.  This place is an EASY five star review having been there several times and never being disappointed. Great flavors, great selections, and really really good service!  Well worth a trip if you are in the surprise area and want to try something fun and new!
4	I think the food is very good. Been there about 6 times since the open and by far my favorite is Shaken Beef.Agree about spring rolls - just not good.Pho I think is very good. Not impressed by the girls they hire or at least how they allow them to dress. Yes this will sound sexist but it us a semi nice restaurant and the attire allowed by female staff just doesn't fit. Jeans a size too small. T-Shirts a size to small and the girls constantly showing skin when she has to pick up anything including ass crack and thong - not something I need to see before eating. It isn't sexy it is nasty. And she is wearing a plain white T with pink bra. What is this a restaurant or strip club.  And flip flops. Really?Management really needs a dress code that reflects the atmosphere for staff. So now I just get stuff to go.
3	Tried SK for the first time last weekend.  We had just returned from San Francisco so our culinary expectations might have been skewed... My husband had Com Dac Biet and I had Bun Ga Nuong.  Both were good.  Not exceptional or outstanding, but good, filling.  I thought my vermicelli was slightly too cold upon being served, it kinda stuck together, but once I gave it a stir in the fish sauce, which was very good, and got them to loosen up, they were pretty tasty.  Both dishes were very light on flavor and really lacked any spice, heat, or tickle to the tongue... I think this is known as bland... Yet not completely bland, I'd say blandish...We had Cha Glo Tom as a starter and this was the highlight of our meal!  Because these were so darn good we had very high expectations  for our main dishes and were disappointed... Like I said, blandish... Especially in comparison to the starter and the culinary whirlwind we experienced in SF... But hey, it's a Phoenix suburb in a disgusting economy, so yes, we will dine at Saigon Kitchen again because it's as close as we can get...I look forward to trying the Pho...
5	Amazingly delicious and fresh food! Pho an spring rolls (I had shrimp only) hit the spot - I an from the San Francisco Bay Area and have been looking got good Pho here in the valley and THIS IS IT!!!!Thank you SK for opening out here in the west. You saved me :)So excited to have many more dishes.*Note: they have an awesome bar menu too.
1	I am actually quite shocked to see so many positive reviews of this place on here. I am visiting from NYC to see my folks here in Surprise and we decided to have dinner here tonight and was sorely disappointed with the quality and authenticity of the dishes. I ordered the one dish any self-respecting Vietnamese restaurant would never screw up: the combo pho. Not only is the price ludicrous for a bowl of sub-par pho but the dish itself was utterly disgusting. The broth lacked any flavor, the meat was tough and also quite flavorless as was the noodles. Not sure if the people on here just have never left Surprise and/or actually been to a real Vietnamese restaurant. This place would go out of business in half a second in any city with actual competition. I urge all of you who gave this place a good rating to visit a city like New York or better yet, any of the cities in Vietnam and then visit a real Vietnamese joint and then tell me if you still think this place deserves your patronage.
5	Wow, yet another amazing restaurant, how come that does not "Surprise" me, coming from the "Sister" restaurant "Rice Paper". Dropped in last night to see what the buzz was about and ordered the Fillet & Jumbo Shrimp with fresh lemon grass which was made with perfection with a perfectly balanced dipping sauce served with a side of rice, a small bowl of the pho soup stock and a tasty side salad. Dennis and Hue brought out  a  Cornish Game hen that was crispy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside, these culinary marvels don't mess around!!! and of course it also came with a wonderful dipping sauce. Both dishes were superb not to mention the hospitality from Dennis the proprietor who tells me he only  uses the freshest ingredients and boy your palate sure notices the difference. The food quality exceeds the price of the menu, I would pay double for the quality given here. Saigon Kitchen you have a customer for life here, can't wait to bring my family in here.Looks like Saigon Kitchen and Rice Paper are my home away from home now!!!!
5	Outstanding. We showed up at 11:30am & the place was empty. By the time we left nearly every seat was filled.We had the Chicken Sandwich and the Rice Plate with Pork. The sandwich was so big that I took half home & the Rice Plate was so big that my friend who'd ordered it, a husky guy, couldn't finish his either. Both dishes had beautiful presentation. I also had the Vietnamese Iced Coffee and it was yummy. Will definitely go again.
5	Awesome!!! Surprise doesn't anything authentic......boy did we need this! Traditional and yummy!! Service is great and the atmosphere is relaxed and inviting!
5	In the greater Phoenix area places that serve Pho are hit and miss.  Saigon Kitchen is a 'hit'!
5	Another great experience at SK! Spring rolls were hot and fresh, the SK Fried Rice was perfect with ample portion of shrimp. Shaken Beef is fork tender and delicious. Drinks kept full, friendly service, gotta love it!
5	We really don't expect a top quality restaurant of any kind to be opening up a new place in the middle of this awful economy but thank goodness Saigon Kitchen did. Every single dish is authentic and beautifully displayed. All the ingredients are fresh and carefully seasoned - not too spicy unless you ask for it. Their carmelized ribs and wings are scrumptious. Nope, I don't have a financial interest in this restaurant - I'm just a loyal patron who goes at least twice a week knowing I'm not going to be disappointed!
3	Stopped by for lunch a few weeks back.  My girlfriend and I ordered some apps for lunch to see how this place stacked up to other Vietnamese style places.  All in all not bad at all.  My only issue was the gristly meat they used.  Im a texture guy and I gotta say gristle makes me cringe.  Maybe a anomaly bad cut.
1	Only 1 Star based upon my review of the PHOi've had great Pho over the years, this is not one of them. I wanted a Large bowl of what i'm used to, loaded with beef, tendon, brisket -- the usual house special etc. this is usually provided at every great Pho eatery in and out of the States. Yesterday I ventured into this place while traveling and dialed it up from my Android, and there were several choices in Surprise AZ, I chose the first one at the top of the page...due to alphabetical order etc. Anyway I ordered the house special, which was brisket, meatball, tendon,  etc. The sizes here are small and large only... The small bowl is 8 dollars, and the large is 9 dollars, I thought that the prices were pretty steep, I thought the quality better match the price. When my bowl of Pho came to the table,  the large here looked like a small in my other experiences with "great Pho eateries", with that said this is NOT a "great Pho eatery" I'll get to that later...Anyway I thought this must be good, for nearly 10 bucks for a bowl of Pho which I have never paid that much before. The broth was very bland and tasted like it needed more beef flavor, spices etc.  I had to add everything to it to make it have any taste, usually this is the test of any Pho restaurant is the Pho base, the base is the "money maker"  if the base is good usually everything else is good. Also, The Pho had very little meat, I couldn't believe that I paid 10 dollars for just a few slices of beef, the meatball was tough and had no flavor and less than to be desired, Needless to say I will never visit this place again. I felt robbed, and felt that I could have spent my money elsewhere...There are too many other great Pho places to eat at unless they improved their product, increase value & lower their prices, I will never go back....Saigon Kitchen - You get 1 Star.... your Pho failed Big Time!
1	So amazing how many people on here gave this place 4-5 stars...... Wow, so easily fooled or have never had real Vietnamese chow before.
5	I am a regular at Saigon Kitchen. The staff is awesome and the food is probably hands down the best I've ever experienced in a Vietnamese restaurants. The atmosphere is awesome. The place has a great style. I've introduced my family to Saigon Kitchen and my dad looks like he will become a regular as well. I was a fan of Pho and spring rolls, but this place steps up from the level of food I'm use to. Everything is fresh. I use to eat spring rolls and pho, until the owner encouraged me to try more. I've had many things on the menu and never one bad experience with the food. I sit down, order a iced green tea and let them surprise me. I've got that much trust in the staff. I will continue to be a regular and recommend others to try it too. Local business need support and this one goes above in beyond to earn loyalty.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Surprise and I'm glad the city is finally getting some ethnic choices, especially Asian.   I'm a huge fan of the Lemongrass Chicken, which is normally the only entree I order.  I've tried the Curry Chicken but it just wasn't for me, although my sister did like it.  My mother tried the BBQ Pork Sandwich and she found it to be a nice surprise, full of flavor and very satisfying.  Also tried the Wings (House Sauce) for the first time and found them delicious as well.  Although not a fan of fish, the wings did not have any fishy taste and were slightly sweet and ample.  The staff is very attentive and friendly, which is a huge plus in my book.  Will definitely continue to frequent SK!My only grip is that one of the staff likes to park his truck in the first space in front of the restaurant.  Although there is plenty of parking, I just find it unseemly for employees to take up the front spaces, since these should be reserved for customers.
5	My boyfriend and I go here as our guilty pleasure. I found the prices to be extremely reasonable for the quality. I have yet to try something that isn't amazing. The Spring Rolls are AMAZING! They are so fresh and you can taste the flavors of all the ingredients. We have tried something new almost every time we have gone, and have never been disappointed.  I find the wait staff to be very good, they are not overly pushy or non existent. What I really like about the place is everything tastes very fresh and you don't have to use sauces to mask the flavor, but if you do use the sauces they just add another element of delight! I would highly recommend this restaurant at the risk of me possibly having to wait for a table in the future!!!
5	My husband and I are regulars to Saigon Kitchen.  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is clean and modern.  We both love the carmelized salmon - it is absolutely to die for.  You get a generous serving of salmon in a delicious sauce, cooked in a clay pot.  The meal comes with soup, salad, and rice and we always end up bringing some home.  It's unique and a great addition to Surprise!  Try it - you'll love it.
1	just left saigon kitchen  had a bad experience which will not bring me back  discovered a white single hair in my shrimp  told server which she gave a generic apology and i ask for the check and left  i wouldve at least expected a manager to speak to me and apologize but didn't happen.  Server gave me the check I paid the bill and left.
4	I have been to Saigon Kitchen a few times now and always leave pretty happy.  The wait staff is very polite, decor is chic and the food is good.  Is it authentic?  I don't know what Vietnamese food is supposed to taste like.  I just know that the food here is good.  They give decent sized portions and the price is right.  The spring rolls are good, but I prefer their calamari with the aioli sauce.  It's really nice to see a non-chain restaurant in Surprise.
4	A good little Vietnamese restaurant.  Young servers in a hip atmosphere.  Good music looming in the air.  I'll be back.  They need to serve brown rice and to upgrade their pepper tray.
4	Fun little place with good noodle bowls.Had some family in town and we hit this restaurant together.  Food is good and the staff is friendly.  They were all young and sometimes forgot to check on drinks and finished dishes, but they did circle back and were kind.Broth for the Pho was rich and savory.  Garnishes were good, but could have been more flavorful.  Other noodle bowls were yummy.  One odd thing was two people ordered the same dish and one had a lot more egg roll in it than the other.  The Saigon Chicken Wings were a new an cool twist on a traditional appetizer.  Pot stickers were pretty good, as well.Good value overall.
2	The problem with restaurants like this is when you have tried authentic Vietnamese food and there is a huge disparity in taste and quality. Sorry, but after trying their food twice, we will never come back again. It's a short drive to Pholicious or Old Glendale's Little Saigon, so we will just keep going to those two.
2	I've been here a few times (not by my choice) and this place is mediocre at best, so I have no idea why so many people are giving them raving reviews. Let me go through my phoanalysis...Pho:The broth is nothing to write home about. It's not terrible nor bland, but it's certainly not memorable. The meat, noodles, and vegs were fresh.Spring rolls:Decent, but once again, not amazing. There weren't any mint in the rolls I had and the peanut sauce is disappointing. Where the restaurant lost huge points with me was the inflated over-priced menu. The small bowls of pho are $7-8 and $8-9 for large, depending on which one you order. The bahn mis were $5-6, are you kidding me? And $5 for two spring rolls. It defeats the whole purpose of eating pho which is supposed to be cheap and convenient. Saigon Kitchen has more of a modern lounge feel to it, and that's not what I want in Vietnamese food. Focus on the food, not the decor.Some bonus points for the bar. They have variety of beers on draft: Sapporo, Kilt Lifter, Blue Moon, Coors Light, and some type of pale ale I couldn't make out. There's a small selection of liquor available also.Overall, I'm not a fan of SK. But my friend who lives nearby drags me there once in a while. I'd much rather make the trip to Central King Eggroll who has the best pho in the valley, so far, from my experience.
4	The food here is good, the pho with shrimp mushrooms and bok choy is great! The only complaint I have about this place is they don't have enough people taking orders.  Every time I have been there it has been busy, and they have only two people taking orders and one of them is the bar tender.  Keep up the great food but increase the service some.
5	I love this place! I've eaten here quite a few times and love going. The food is always fresh and tasty. I love their spring rolls, pho, and banh mis. My family is Vietnamese so I thought I'd be daring and bring my grandma here one day. She liked it, but said it wasnt as good as hers....and I do agree.....BUT its a great substitute if grandma is taking the day off :)
5	I don't usually give a five star review but this is the best of the best in our growing town of Surprise.  I have eaten there twice now and I can't wait to go back. First time we ate at the bar and it was very busy so we had to wait longer than usual for our food.  I had the cornish game hen and it was falling off the bone delicious. Service is good & I like the modern decor of the restaurant.  Next visit I invited four friends to join us for dinner and much to my surprise everyone was happy.  It is hard to please everyone!  I had the garlic noodles and they were divine.  We need more restaurants like this in Surprise.  Next I'm going to try the Shaken Beef.
4	We Frequent here about every two weeks. They have a great Happy Hour. The Wait Staff is Nice and helpful. It's always very clean which I LOVE. I really like the Filet Mignon Salad, Rice Noodles (Vermicelli) with Chicken, All their spring rolls are delicious and I usually have a Ginger Fizz..as far as cocktails go it's my favorite.We also like their Pho but it's been to hot lately to enjoy it. Sunday's are great to visit this place as it's usually not busy between 3-5. We've been on a Friday night and it's just really busy and loud. But if that's something your ok with enjoy!
1	Came in and was seated before a party of six, we were 3 adults and 2 babies. The party of 6 was seated next to us. The hostess took our drink order and I told her I was ready to order she said the bartender would be there soon to take our order( where's the real waitress) after waiting 10 minutes we finally got our tea and next to us got there drinks. I once again reminded the hostess and bartender we were ready to order now another 10 mins went by and the bartender went to the table next to us and took their order and completely ignored us! Horrible we all got up and left!
5	Not our first time here and it won't be our last. The place was packed tonite. This is the kind of restaurant that deserves to be packed... Not the same old assembly line chain restaurants.  We waited for a table, and waited a bit longer than usual for our dinner, but it was well worth it! And our awesome waitress Faith gets a big thanks for her excellent customer service, and not just with us. She was very busy but never stressed and didn't let you feel forgotten while waiting for dinner. She even gave us dessert on the house for waiting so long. As for the food... Excellent as always!!!!
5	Delicate flavorings, beautifully presented, good value. try going during an off hour
4	A great, small place to stop by and enjoy Vietnamese food.  The sweet sauces and large amount of meat should curve your protein cravings.  I was surprised at the amount of meat served, which I am glad to box up for a snack later.....Seems fresh and priced right for Surprise AZ.  Calamari is a must here.  I have never had the soups etc.  I go here for the meat plates and Calamari which I recommend....
3	Pretty good food but the service was mediocre. My boyfriends food came out 10 minutes earlier than mine and it took the server 5 minutes to notice. By the time mine came out his was pretty cold.
1	Tonight was the second time we dined at Saigon Kitchen.  It will be the last time.  There were four of us; our meals came out one at a time, with several minutes between.  One of us ordered barbequed short ribs.  They were so tough, they were inedible.  When we told our server we didn't think the beef was short rib beef, he responded "Is the meat tough?"  One of us ordered lemongrass chicken; nowhere in the description did it say "contains seeds," and yes, it did.  The place was busy and they couldn't care less than not one of the four of us will be back.
4	Any review using the phrases "the meat is always tender" and "peanut sauce" is sure to be a four-star review or higher, right? Well this one is.My parents love taking out-of-town guests here and we have not yet heard a complaint from any of our visitors. The food has been pretty good so far, but I have avoided ordering the pho as what tastes I've had from my mother's orders didn't seem to be up to par with what I'm used to (and spoiled by) in San Diego. Well, it's not San Diego, but for a Phoenix suburb, it's still pretty good food.In terms of wait service, I find it pretty baffling what poor service others have reported. We have generally had pretty great service at Saigon Kitchen, particularly from Hue, but once in a while some of their servers seem a little disorganized and distracted. During my last visit, I requested extra peanut sauce (even though it doesn't usually go with the dish I ordered), and the waiter told me "No, this is the sauce," and pointed at the nuoc cham (dipping sauce). I told him that I understood but that I wanted extra peanut sauce. Finally another waitress with a little more sense told me that she could go get it, but I was just too annoyed by the other server who kept refusing a reasonable request - something my dad asks for and had just gotten a moment earlier, actually - that I told her I'd be fine. (And yes. I'm also childishly laughing every time I say peanut sauce. There! Did it again...)Other than a few minor miscues, I really enjoy lunch here. The meat is always tender and all the ingredients seem fresh. I like the shrimp rolls quite a lot. On my last visit, I ordered Vietnamese iced coffee, and at first was disappointed because it seemed kind of small; after trying it I realized that it was just too rich to be served any bigger. I'd order it again though.My favorite thing is the combo bun. Shrimp, pork, and egg rolls - can't go wrong with this one. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and the serving size was ample.One day I will have to order the pho, but again I don't think it will measure up to the hole-in-the-wall places in San Diego, and that's okay. I'll still come here with my parents and enjoy other dishes.And the peanut sauce.
4	The food we tried was wonderfully light, refreshing and all with bright flavors. We tried the shaken beef (filet mignon) and the lemongrass chicken. Both meals came with jasmine rice, side salad and scallion broth. The scallion broth sure didn't look like much but it sure was additive and you just needed to eat it.  Both meals really were scrumptious and it will be hard to order something else now. They had some kind of fried caramelized tiny crispy maybe scallions lightly tossed threw the meats that added to the delightfulness of the meals.This place isn't as far out as I thought and was just fifteen minutes west of arrowhead mall. Service was very friendly and efficient.As a slight update 9-17-12I've been here twice since and enjoyed the vegetarian pho, the beef pho is not as impressive but is OK.The side salads and scallion soup is excellent. So far I've noticed they are very good preparing proteins. Some dishes are more flavorful than others.
5	As always, a 5 star visit to Saigon Kitchen. Stopped in today for lunch to celebrate my son's last day of school. We enjoyed the egg rolls as usual. I had the vegetarian pho, he had the Saigon fried rice and our companion had the filet mignon salad. All were delicious, served at the right temperatures, and our drinks were kept full. We got to Saigon Kitchen at least once a month and every time is a great experience. From the friendly hostess to the attentive server, and even the bus person is helpful and kind, we always have a memorable experience.
5	Great food.  We were there on a Saturday evening and it was very busy. However, we were able to get a table four 4 adults and 2 children.  Ordered the chicken wings with the house sauce, outstanding for the appetizer.  Just enough to take off the hunger edge.  My daughter in low ordered the Lemongrass chicken, she said it was very good.m Son ordered the shrimp dinner with rice and pho soup and salad, hubby had the BBQ Pork, shrimp and sausage fried rich, outstanding he said!  Ii had the shrimp stir fry, also outstanding.  We enjoyed it so much and would order the same except we all want to try a different entree when we come back.Suggest the Lemon Soda as a drink, our grandson had it and it was very tasty.  It was made from scratch with real lemons.  Great place to go in the Northwest Phoenix Valley.
4	We stopped in for lunch today and had the vegetarian pho, veggie spring rolls, veggie egg rolls and garlic noodles.   The veggie egg rolls were perfect, but I don't think I'd bother with the spring rolls.  They lacked any distinctive flavor.  Not bad, but nothing that made my mouth sing, either.  The pho was, as others have noted, somewhat on the bland side, but I blame the vegetarian-ized broth.  I'm no pho expert, but it had simple, clean flavors, which weren't overpowered by too much saltiness.  The garlic noodles were slightly sweet and not overly oily, but the side order portion was plenty to share, especially with having noodles in the pho.Service was fine and we were in and out in under an hour.  We'll be back to try some of the other menu items.
5	Dear Egg Rolls, how I do love you here at Saigon Kitchen. You are delicate, flavorful, and SUPER HOT. It's hard for me to wait when you come out of the kitchen but I MUST because you burn the crap out of my mouth otherwise. :) Love wrapping you up in a leaf of lettuce and mint leaves. Love dipping you in the wonderful sauce. You complete me......We also enjoyed the vegetarian pho today and my son had the filet mignon beef stew. The meat in the stew was so tender it just fell apart. It was perfectly delish. The pho is what you make it to be! Add the fixings and make it what you want it to be and stop complaining about it being bland. It's SUPPOSED TO BE!
5	As usual, we had a FABULOUS experience here!  We brought some "newbies" to Saigon kitchen and they had nothing but wonderful things to say!  My friends had the pho, shaken beef, and the short ribs, and I had my usual beef salad.  Super yummy!!!!  The staff is very friendly and always available if needed.  I remarked to one of my friends that they kept filling her glass while she was taking her last sip! As always, I had the vietnamese iced coffee, which is a MUST!  So delicious!
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in Surprise, which isn't very hard to do because surprise is full of nasty chain restaurants. However, if you want to eat some darn good vietnamese food, this is the place. The pho of any type is amazing, even to go. Also try the spring rolls. Make sure you wrap them in the lettuce with a bit of mint, the texture is bomb fool! It gets a little crowded around 6pm because all of Sun City eats dinner around that time. So show up around 7pm and you'll be fine.
4	I do enjoy this restaurant, but let me be honest; I wouldn't say it's very authentic.  It does have great flavors and the staff is very nice.  I have been greeted by the owner on every visit and I appreciate how attentive he is.  I enojy going in for a cocktail and their pho good.  The regular size isn't as large as other places but it will leave you full.  It's fancy for veitnamese food.
2	This was my second time and most likely my last....first time with my relator.... and second with my associate... well.. both times the overpriced menu didnt do much for me....nor the small portions. thanks but no thanks. This wonna-be Fancy Veitnamese just not cutting it..... Fancy French..like Vogue..well yes for sure.! Wonder how well it will do by next year? Hopefully better.
5	My wife and I are new to the area, and we read this place had good reviews, so we decided to try it. We absolutely loved it , we received great service, a product made fresh to order with great  presentation and quality. Taste was perfect on all the dishes we ordered. Reasonable pricing, friendly people and great service. Also, we chatted with others there and learned they have great repeat customer base, we definitely will be revisiting.
4	I give this place a 4 because it saves me a drive to find other pho places.  Otherwise it would be a 3.  I always seem to get a wobbly table (maybe the same one 3 times?) not good with big bowls of hot soup, the music they always have playing is like a psychedelic Muzac and  the service is just ok.  It's probably just me, but I never get a good vibe from this place.I do like the pho and recently tried the Banh Mi with BBQ pork and although my sandwich could have used a little more meat, it was good.  The egg rolls are also very good.
5	I am so glad this place opened in Surprise! My mom and I went to Saigon Kitchen for lunch and this place is very good! The prices are great and the waiter is very friendly. We had the pork spring rolls which were super light and fresh. My mom had the chicken curry and I had the short ribs. Both were excellent. They give you scallion broth, rice, and salad to go with the entree. The portions were just right. This place is great and I will definitely come back for more.
2	Update review... Just went here on a busy Friday and became not a fan...I did order my norm, combo plate.  Pork cube, pork chop, and shrimp.  Note I always ask to replace the shrimp with chicken.  I cannot eat shellfish and I assume chicken is less than shrimp.  To my surprise they wanted to up charge for the swap?  The waiter said he would have to talk to the manager to do the swap with no up charge.  I also noted the manager talking up charge to another customer that wanted to substitute the noodles for another type of noodle.  To top of the experience, another group of customers asked for a bus boy to clean their table.  After waiting for a good 10 minutes they left?  Maybe they were having a bad night of service?  Another issue I had was once I did get my main course I was not given a steak knife to cut the pork chop on the plate.  Once I did flag down someone, I was told that they had to grab a knife from the kitchen and had no steak knifes and the normal knifes cannot cut the pork chop?I have put Saigon kitchen on the bottom of places I would visit now that I have experienced poor service on this visit.  Not only me, but it was noted around me and it is not often I am at a restaurant and customers leave because of lack of attention.  Fix the customer service, up charge, and get some knifes to cut what you serve.  Wish the owners were there.  I always experience great customer service when they are present, I use to love this place.
5	This was an excellent restaurant for West Phoenix suburbs. It is not a white table cloth restaurant but the food is very good. I had the Spring rolls and Lemon grass chicken which was very spicy but wonderful flavor. Definitely try it out.
4	An Asian jewel in Surprise.  Excellent quality, ambiance and service.  Fresh, vibrantflavors.  Generous portions that will delight and have you returning for more.We love the Crispy Egg Rolls (Pork, Jicama, carrots, onions and noodles).  Rice Vermicelli noodles with lettuce, cucumbers, shallots, carrots, sprouts and mintare also a hit.  We have never had a meal that was not noteworthy.  Knock your chain habit and head to Saigon Kitchen for a treat.
3	Good place. The restaurant was clean and pleasant. The food was good too. My wife and I had the clear eggrolls with peanut sauce. We eat these whenever we have Vietnamese food. Fairly straight forward. Not bad.We also ate the combo pho soup. Very generous portions! Good job. The soup itself is reminiscent of fish sauce/mint/and some other requirement. It seems obviously made for American taste buds. It wasn't very spicy. You can do that yourself I suppose. But still for the inducted, you also require a more robust base to start with. If you want a more authentic soup, it is not here. They had a small menu. Sometimes that is a good thing, as it helps from choice overload. However, there were some other Vietnamese dishes, I would have liked to see.The service was friendly and quick. Overall they did just fine. We may return in time to see how they grow.
2	Perhaps I got the wrong thing, but the Pho was plain gross. I have a very long commute from Surprise to Scottsdale. There happens to be a kick ass Pho joint by my work "Noodles Ranch". I was so happy when Saigon Kitchen opened, but it was not very good at all, and it was rather expensive for the product. I might give it another shot and try something different, but in my first visit I was not impressed. The atmosphere was a little weird, but the decoration and general mood was pretty cool.
4	I had an AWESOME beef salad here, the hubby had the shaken beef (he was going to try the short ribs, but they don't make them anymore) and his was very good, also, I was gobbling his onions up :) I have had the Pho before and I thought it was great, but I have only had Pho a few times so I don't have a lot to compare it to, still I really really enjoyed it, very flavorful and very good flavor... We will be back for sure! This is one of only a few places out here that we actually enjoy a lot.
4	Been to the Saigon Kitchen 3 times now.  Once with a friend, another with my teenage daughter and other on a lunch date with my husband.  Will have to say have been absolutely pleased each time.  I ordered the Shaken beef (diced Filet Mignon) each time.  Husband ordered the Chicken Curry (which he liked) and we enjoyed egg rolls.  The food has been hot, tastes fresh, excellent presentation and absolutely delicious.  Portions, in my opinion, are definitely a good portion---just right.  Entree is served with white rice, soup/broth, and a tasty shredded side salad with a great Asian dressing.  Staff was polite and attentive, food came out in a timely manner.  Have thoroughly enjoyed my experience each time.   They play nice "Global Ambient" music, the restaurant is somewhat small yet cozy.  It has a nice "grown up" simple Asian feel.  Definitely a great place to meet a significant other or good friend to lunch.  NOT a place I would recommend for children; tables are somewhat close together and it has a relaxing feel.  Menu seemingly NOT designed with kids meals etc.  Also a bit expensive if considering price.  Hubby and I each had the Shaken Beef lunch with egg roll appetizer and drinks, it came out to $39.    Worth the money, but if you are watching budget on a lunch date, just something to consider.We definitely have listed this as a favorite place for us to dine sans kids!
4	Fun place to eat. Great bar. Best vodka martinis in west valley.
5	First time here tonight. The filet Mignon entree was amazing. Service was fast. Enjoyable and affordable.
5	This has become our favorite restaurant in town. We've also had friends jump on the Saigon Kitchen bandwagon as well. Tonight was our second dinner here this week alone. Our service was fabulous. The food was fantastic.  We love the pho (both the steak and the chicken), the spring rolls, the crispy egg rolls, both the lemongrass beef and chicken, the garlic noodles, and the salmon. We can't wait to go back and try something else next time.  I'm sure our list of favorites will only grow.  One benefit to being in a town like Surprise is that a lot of chains don't see us as a good market (thank goodness) which is perfect for these wonderful independents to come in.  Saigon Kitchen is a gem and a welcome addition to our community!  We'll be back soon!
5	Delicous!!  We had the shrimp & pork spring rolls (after dinner ordered another to-go!)  I got the chicken sandwich, amazing with carrots and cilantro.  Hubby got the Beef Pho, which he loved.  Heard about great happy hour specials like 2 apps & a bottle of wine for $20!  Can't  wait to go back :)
4	Delicious food and a nice atmosphere!
3	Its ok.
4	Very good spring rolls, Pho Beef Soup and the Lemon Grass Shrimp are to die for. Is a bit expensive but the atmosphere and the foods are definitely worth a try. Would give it a 5 for food, gave it a 4 because of price.
4	I love Saigon Kitchen. For a while, we were heading there every weekend. It had just gotten too crazy though with all the snowbirds. I hate driving down Bell rd this time of year. So we havent gone in a while and having been ordering take out from Pholicious.But that does not mean it isn't good. Its is great. I love the atmosphere. It is more upscale and classy compared to most Vietnamese places. It also has an interesting menu with so many things I want to try. I just can't not order Pho though. It is so tasty and healthy. I feel like a better person when I order pho. The pho here is great. It comes out fresh and hot, tons of veggies. My husband gets the pho thair and he loves it.He actually prefers this place over pho tahn because it is classier. I like the pho better at the other place, but will go to either one. They are both about the same distance from my house. Plus this one has beer and drinks.The service is always excellent. The staff is very friendly and loves our baby. They always make sure she is comfortable there. My only complaint is that they charge a lot for the small side of rice we give her. It is fun going to Surprise and seeing all the snow birds trying this place. At first they are a little nervous, and get the simple things on the menu that are familiar. Then I see them looking at my soup. They always ask us what it is and say they are going to order it next time, and they are so happy they decided to try this place even though it was "different" and "not their usual". So go on Surprise snowbirds, try Saigon Kitchen, don't be scared, its fresh healthy and delicious. Try the pho!
5	This place amazed us.  While its not exactly my style of food, the wife and I have been looking to try different things. After reading the reviews here, we were sold and had high expectations.  Saigon Kitchen did not disappoint.  Actually we were blown away.  Everything we ordered, appetizers, beer &and dinner entrees had AMAZING flavor and quality.  I told my wife that the charbroiled shrimp was the best shrimp I've ever tasted....ever. The service was awesome and the atmosphere was enjoyable and fun.  I'm happy we found this place
3	I noticed slight changes since my last visits. The website has been removed and I saw a different person who maybe was in charge?They didn't bring us all the sauces with our spring rolls this time but my main reason for lowering them a star is because the chicken in my meal was terribly dry.I remember the lemongrass chicken was wonderfully tasty here so I thought I'd get it again. It still was tasty but I have no idea how they made the chicken so dry. I usually give places two stars for extra dry chicken because that shouldn't be done when you go out to eat in my opinion. It's so easy to cook chicken when you get very dry chicken it's disappointing.The chicken in the spring roll was dark meat and was OK but not like fresh made good.Maybe it was just a slightly off day? don't know?Slight update, New Website
4	Wow, the Shaken Beef dinner was amazing. Really out of this world good. Make sure to get there during happy hour and get good prices on appetizers and drinks. The Spring Rolls were exceptional.
4	Saigon Kitchen is a very good restaurant with very personable service. The food from the appetizers to main courses are fantastic. My family looks forward to having many meals to come at this little jewel.
5	The hubby and I stopped in for lunch, we are trying to eat healthy, so I asked what I should order, so I ordered the rice noodle with shrimp and the hubby had to get his shaking beef he always orders.  The waitress was SOOOOO super nice, our food came out fast and it was sooo yummy.  The rice noodle was refreshing and full of fresh veggies, and the shrimp were tasty.  The hubby's shaking beef was out of this world as usual, I stole the onions he left behind.  I have to up my review stars because it is so nice to have such a great place out here, for what we are working with in Surprise, it is as good as it gets.
5	I've eaten here over 40 times. I love this place. Every time I go in I'm amazed. The quality of the food is amazing. The owner, Dennis, takes pride in every meal. The employees are very happy to work there and are very welcoming. The Fire Cracker shrimp with garlic noodles is my new favorite plate.
4	Saigon Kitchen is my favorite restaurant in the West Valley. I love their Pho as well as most other dishes I have tried. For that reason, I was disappointed with my last meal there and have to give them four stars instead of five. We usually go for dinner, but decided to try it for lunch one afternoon. I ordered the chicken curry, and it came out with squares of slightly dry chicken that did not seem very fresh. The same was true of the peas and carrots. My husband had a Vietnamese sandwich that he raved about, so I think my curry must have been the result of an off day. The service was excellent, as always. Despite one disappointing dish, it is still my favorite restaurant!
4	Love it!  I ordered something with salmon and onions and it was delicious!  Also the spring rolls were excellent.  The water that comes with your meal tasted like tap water though.  I was going to ask about that but the owner/manager seemed really busy.  I wonder why they didn't give customers water to drink from the filtered water at the soda fountain machine and this would be the reason for the four star review.
5	I decided to try this place after a co-worker recommended it. Where do I start:Customer service was phenomenal. I walked in and was greeted by the friendly waiter. My tuckus had barely hit the seat before I was offered drinks. It was the first time my friend and I had visited so we didn't know what we wanted. We took a while to view the menu, but as soon as one of the staff saw us put them down he came right over and took our order. Together we ordered the crispy egg rolls (I've renamed them heaven egg rolls), house chicken wings and fried rice. If you couldn't tell by my nickname of the egg rolls, I'll spell it out for you. They were DELICIOUS!!!! The wings were great too, crispy and with just enough sauce, my friend said she'd never cleaned a wing like that before lol. Rice was good too. Overall very satisfied with my lunch today and I will definitely be visiting that place again.
4	Pork on shrimp crackers, fantastic, will come back just for those. Saigon shaken beef was great.
5	Been a regular for months. Ordered Chicken Fried Rice & Shrimp Spring Rolls. Very flavorful, delicious. Great food, staff is very polite & attentive. Nice cozy atmosphere. Zero complaints.
4	So this was my second time at Vietnamese food and I'm still a huge fan! The service here was super friendly and helpful. As I am a novice with this cuisine, I asked lots of questions and the server was happy to oblige with recommendations. I had doubts against jalapenos on the Bahn Mi sandwich and tendons in the Pho. They can omit them with no problem! I don't like super sweet. Avoid the lemongrass chicken! What is that delicious smell from the next table's meal? It's the Shaken Beef with onions!We started with the crispy egg roll (wrap it with the lettuce and mint provided, trust me) and it was out of this world. Cheap too at 4 for $5 or $3 during Happy Hour. We got the Pho with meatballs. The Pho was awesome, almost as good as what I had in San Francisco, but the meatballs were hard and kind of rubbery. I have learned that this is the way they are meant to be, it's a texture that Americans find difficult though. The flavor was good, but next time I'll try it with the steak or chicken.The firecracker shrimp were yummy (not as spicy as we were led to believe, but good) and the garlic noodles were sweet and buttery and delicious. Though they were too sweet for Hubby and other posters, I liked them. I guess it's subjective.The Bahn Mi was very tasty as well. The bread was top notch but the pate (we got the everything version) was a little much for me. I'll get the plain pork next time, but won't discourage other more adventurous people from getting the works.All in all, it was wonderful and we will definitely be going back again, only with the kids.
4	Small, simple, sophisticated restaurant. The garlic noodles are very good and the Saigon fried rice is outstanding!
3	I'm cautious when a Vietnamese restaurant gives you a linen napkin with spoon and fork instead of chopsticks. Too expensive for small portions. I had the cornish hen for lunch and I'd definitely be hungry if that was all I had for dinner (same menu/portions for lunch and dinner).  The bird itself tasted pretty good and authentic, but I still can't swallow the price for $12.  I actually picked it because other dishes on the menu were even more overpriced (pho/rice/bun) than they should be and my people are known for being cheap.  The pho bowls also looked very small and I can't comment on taste of other food. Spring rolls did look fresh but $5 for two?? No way, jose. I've noticed "ethnic" food is pricier out here, so It's fine for the market in Surprise, but any real Vietnamese will know you are being ripped off.  But then again, we'd prefer cheap, stellar authentic food in a shitty location over a pricey, modernized, spotless restaurant with a bar - which this place is. I guess the money has to go somewhere. Seems like they are having good business, so good for the owners. I probably won't be back on my own dime.
4	Great place for vietnamese food. Ate here more times than I can count. Mainly got takeout and was never dissatisfied with the amount of food they gave you! Also enjoyed going in to the bar for lunch. Staff is super friendly and funny.
5	My husband and I go here for pho when we are in the area and its well worth the trip. The pho is always delicious and boith is so flavorful! We have never got any other entree other than pho, but tempted after seeing the pictures on yelp. For drinks, try the coconut drink or lemon soda, both very good! Be careful, it's not free refills, but I usually drink about two. For appetizers, the shrimp eggs rolls and spring rolls are very good choices.
5	When I saw A couple of 3 star ratings, I wondered if a competitor sent "ringers" in to knock it down. My wife and I ate there for the first time today and were blown away by the quality and flavors of the foods. I average 160-200 business travel nights a year throughout the 48 States and eat at both chains and local restaurants. Saigon Kitchen is a must go if you want to experience great food, and the dinner items are reasonably priced in the 10-12 dollar range. If this will be your first time eating at a Vietnamese restaurant expect to be pleasantly surprised. It is a fusion of French and Asian cuisines unlike anything else. When the last bites of food taste every bit as good as the first ones, you just know that you will be coming back again and again. Some people rate restaurants by how high the food is stacked on the plate. We did not walk away either hungry or stuffed because the portion sizes are sensible. Another plus is the staff. Our server Brianna was both friendly and efficient and everyone there was friendly. We intend to go back again and again to explore the different menu items. If you like Asian food, you would be hard pressed to find a restaurant with tastier food than this place. My review is unsolicited and we are not related to the owner(s?) in any way.
3	Pretty good. Especially since the West Valley is filled with nothing but chains and sub par restaurants.
4	I LOVE this place! The staff (Dennis, Faith etc...) rock and make sure you have all you need and a great experience. You literally cannot have anything bad here. I recommend the Shaken beef and Garlic noodles. The ONLY thing I can remotely say is not 100% is the PHO broth. I attribute this to me living close to little Saigon for years and developing a taste for a strong broth. Other than that, and that is my own preference... I LOVE this place!!
5	This place had great food and even better service. I'll be going back very soon.
5	Fun and Delicious. Another fantastic restraunt not in Goodyear.
4	I have been here I think a dozen times now, maybe more, and have never ever gotten anything that wasn't amazingly good. Camelized salmon, garlic beef noodles, lemongrass chicken, pho.....it's all really good, but expensive! Oh, and don't forget the crispy eggrolls! They are probably one of the best things they have there, they are amazing ($5 for 4). Most of the dishes are $10-$12, the pho is good, not great, and is pricey at $9 for a large. It is a really modern type atmosphere with a nice bar. I think a lot of the price is paying for that. Summing it up: great food, high prices!
5	This place just keeps getting better.  Our waiter was soooo great this last visit.  Our food was amazing. We tried the bahn mi for the first time from SK, the bbq pork.  It was GREAT!! Different than others I have had, but better in some ways.  Shaking beef is still a go to, steak salad is heaven, pho is so good and now the bahn mi. We are set for good food out here in Surprise thanks to SK!
4	What a difference two years makes (since the last time I was in this place).  I've been there almost 10 times in the past 4 months. The service is friendly and earnest, but the wait staff are usually either overwhelmed or just simply in a fog!  The food, however, is OUT OF THIS WORLD! The spring rolls are my favorite and a fantastic deal during their mid-day happy hours.  Everything else I've tried was also excellent.  I honestly don't know what I was thinking when we first visited this place in 2011.  Perhaps they are under new management???Finally, a place which is very reasonably priced, healthy, and delicious!
5	So glad that I we came here for lunch. We tried spring rolls they were so refreshing and light. Perfect appetizer. Then on to my lunch....I tried shaken beef with garlic yakisoba type noodles. This was bomb. The beef was so tender and well seasoned a a sauce that makes my mouth water as I write this review.  My friend had the pork lunch special which came with a bowl of soup salad and rice. I give both these plates a thumbs up big time. Service was outstanding. I did notice they had alot of regulars. I do like to see this. There is inside and outside seating. The only thing that killed me was my plate was 16 dollars. I had to try what everyone was talking about on yelp. It was worth it to me. Sometimes it's ok to treat myself lol. What made this lunch nice was that I enjoyed it with good company. I will definitely be back.
5	Excellent,Shaken beef, beef stew, Cornish hen, garlic noodles, crispy egg rolls and garlic butter edamame all rock!
5	The food here was so good. I had lunch and I really enjoyed my food. Everyone was so friendly here from the host to the waitress. I will be back.
5	Is it cliche to say this lil restaurant in Surprise, AZ "surprised" me ! I could eat the edamame all day! Crispy egg rolls are succulent. Weird word I know.. .But the flavors are full! I'm at dinner with friends and the smells are making me changing my mind. Graciously they offer me bites! Beef... Pho... Fried rice! This is brilliant!
5	We love this restaurant! Great service. Freshest food in the west valley! The pho is quite possibly the best I have ever had! Try the spring rolls. You won't be sorry. Go there....now!
4	Had the Firecracker shrimp with garlic noodles this time and it was yummy.
4	Love this place, shaken beef is amazing,  garlic noodles with shrimp is very good as well, little on the pricy side but nice treat once in a while. Faith the manager is awesome. ..
1	I wish I could give them 0 stars. I have gone to this place plenty of times and always got the pho. I had been begging my mom to come with me to try the pho and finally one day she agrees. Well turns out none of us out of 4 got the pho but I did order something new to me, the curry shrimp. When ordering the waiter asked if I wanted it spicy since it is not spicy at all I said a little would be ok. My food comes out so spicy it made my eyes water and nose run. My mom decided to try some and was angry that i was eating it and insisted I say something. I told the waiter and he offered to bring me some extra sauce with no spice to help balance it. It didnt help much so I asked for a bit more to go and i would attempt to eat it at home since everyone else was done eating. The manager then tells him I have to pay for the extra sauce. So he offers me to speak to the manager and I do. The manager explains this is how much chili flakes is added to a mild meal and basically people have different opinions on spice level, as if I am just being a baby and my food is not that spicy. He also keeps asking "what do you want me to do there is nothing to do. I told the waiter extra sauce wont help" and starts arguing with my entire table. He was beyond rude I was in shock I had never heard anyone at a place of business speak like this to customers before it was obvious he didnt care about our business at all. He never apologized and did not care at all. It was clear I just had to deal with my inedible food. He made it look like I wanted a free meal, but I just wanted an apology some compassion, something. So we eventually paid and left after all the arguing was done. It was embarrassing and rude I was so excited to take my mom there and that is what happens. I will not return. Oh and the next day my mouth was actually sore from how hot the food was and I did not even finish it.
5	Good tasting foodNice and comfy place Fair priceClean restaurant Tried their sandwich and Bo luc lac and you won't regretFair portionGood presentation Will come back
5	The only good food we had all week. I was tired of the frozen stuff from my father in law's freezer & the stuff he got a deal on from Costco. I suppose where I was all week might have made this good taste especially good. But it was good. And the restaurant had an excellent vibe.
4	This place rocks. Started with Shrimp and Pork Spring rolls, then had Shaken Beef and Firecracker Shrimp with garlic noodles. Amazing! Can't decide which dish I like better. We also ordered a bowl of Shrimp Pho with bok choy and shiitake mushrooms. I live in Central Phoenix, so happening upon this place won't be easy for me. However, I will make the drive!! P.S. They have a full bar. Need I say more?
5	Amazing! The owner and staff is so helpful and knowledgable. They made recommendations for our party of 6 when it was our first time in. Everything from appetizers to soup to cocktails to entrees was delicious. I substituted and got the garlic noodles instead of the rice that was supposed to come with my meal. Garlic noodle heaven. Since then I have been back several times. My favorite it the filet mignonette and shrimp with garlic noodles. Surprise needs more places like this. Small. Well priced. Great food. Different from anything else around.
5	Eating at Saigon Kitchen makes my visits to Surprise, AZ even better and look forward to many more experiences at this establishment.
5	The food and the service were both great. Thank you The happy hour was fun. The wings were amazing
2	I was going to be in that area, so I searched the web for a new Vietnamese place to try. Upon walking in I was impressed with the over all  decor and style of the place. It has a nice outside eating area as well. I ordered an appetizer of pork and shrimp spring rolls and the combination Pho. I waited for my appetizer to come first, and was not happy when I finally was served with both at the same time. The spring rolls were very good and fresh, the peanut sauce was excellent. My soup was a large bowl with plenty of meatballs, beef and tendon, very good flavor. I began to prepare to add the basil, sprouts and jalapenos to my soup, when I found a string of hair, entwined with my fresh sprouts. I almost lost it. When I mentioned and showed it to my server, he quickly sent for the manager in the kitchen. He said he was very sorry and hopes that I will come back and offered me free desert. I told him thank you, but I have lost my appetite. He said okay, and walked away. I was ready to pay and was not impressed with the customer service from the Manager. My server then came back and said, he was sorry and did not charge me for the spring rolls. Oh why thank you. I love Vietnamese food and have been to few in Phoenix, with cheaper prices, better service and although may not have as nice decor, I do not think I will return to Saigon Kitchen. I recommend Pho Than on 19th Ave & Camelback.
4	The Shaken Beef was out of this world !  Can't wait to go back again and again ! Trendy, quaint atmosphere. So happy to have something other than a chain restaurant here in Surprise !
5	I went here for dinner New Years Day and it was packed. I have to say "I LOVE THIS PLACE!!"  The service is excellent the food is amazing. Always fresh and so very tasty.
1	If I could give less than one star, I would. We had a party of six. None of us will return. This was one of the more negative experiences we have had and, considering the good reviews, it was a surprise. We arrived early in the evening to avoid seating issues because they do not take reservations. We were told the wait would be about fifteen minutes but it stretched to more than twice that. That presented no real problem...we sat outside and enjoyed a glass of wine. Once seated the wait for  staff attention lasted longer than what could be considered normal. Still okay...we were enjoying the company in spite of the NOISE. At last the server arrived, took our order for drinks and appetizers, brought no water and set our plates and flatware by handing each setting to the person at the end of the table and asked them to pass it down. It was downhill from there. Four of us were served, one at a time, with several minutes between each serving. The last two received their meals more than thirty minutes after the previous people were served. Their food was cold. The other four were finished. The food itself was only passable. The signature salmon was overcooked and dry. When the manager was approached we were met with a clear, "I don't care," attitude. We will never return and advise others to follow our lead.
4	Nice place. Clean and modern, simplistic decor. Only giving four rather than five stars because the vegetarian pho was made with chicken broth. I was really looking forward to a big bowl of yummy pho, but last time I checked vegetarians don't eat chicken. The waiter, however, was super nice and I appreciate that he told me about the broth before I ordered and he helped me find something I could eat instead. (I had a rice vermicelli bowl w/o fish sauce instead -yum!) Great, small local beer selection and good happy hour prices. Didn't sit on the patio, but it looked nice especially for the cooler AZ days. Try to sit near the front of the restaurant if you don't want to be near the dish bussing station.
4	Great place to go post-Christmas!  Newer, clean atmosphere, and thanks to the yelpers, we ordered the firecracker shrimp. I loved these (good taste and quality shrimp)...the sauce was a bit much for my sister...the consistency of a sauce for honey walnut prawns...which is not what she was looking for. I gladly ate most of them!  The garlic noodles, while good, also seemed to be cooked with a LOT of butter, which I wasn't ready for and left a weird, heavy after-taste so we didn't finish those.  We also started with the fresh spring rolls that were delicious and their dipping sauce was good. Wish they kept siracha/other sauces on the table or brought them out right away with the food, but that is just a little thing.  Also ordered the combo rice--awesome! Totally missed we could have added an egg to the top-dang it! Good portion and flavor, and I love that they accompany it with scallion broth and a salad-a great touch.  When I am back in AZ, I will definitely return!
5	It was delicious and the service was great! My boyfriend and I started with the shrimp and pork spring rolls which had an amazing peanut dipping sauce. We also had crispy shrimp egg rolls which were very tasty as well. We ordered one of the specials which was the shaken beef with shrimp and garlic noodles. The seasoning was tasty and the meat was cooked perfectly, so was the shrimp. Everything was delicious. We will be coming back again.
5	We had shrimp curry and marinated grilled chicken salad. Both were excellent as was the service.
5	I was in today with my 77 year old mother who has zero experience with Vietnamese food and my knowledge is limited. Our server was helpful and gave great descriptions of the food, didn't just say, "this is our most popular item." And, he was very well spoken in a world full of "umm" and "like", it was refreshing. A little grammar and enunciation goes a long way!    On top of the lovely service and respectfully decorated spotless interior, the food was AMAZING! Everything we ordered was delicious. Clay pot salmon was a tasty surprise. The Saigon garlic Noodle with beef was tender and the sweetness of the garlic noodle unexpected. The crispy egg roll with the mint and sweet vinegar sauce was excitedly different and thoroughly enjoyed.  We will return often. In the Bell Road sea off chain restaurants this is a gem.
4	The food is good. We come here for the pho because it's close by. The restaurant is small and there aren't many tables so I wouldn't go there hungry on a crowded day without reservations. Call to go orders in an hour before planning to pick it up. Waiting area to be seated is small and kind of awkward, I hope they get a bigger facility to accommodate for how popular they seem to be.
3	The food is delicious for dine-in, but if you are in a rush, this is not the place to order take-out.  I have a half an hour lunch, so I ordered well ahead of time and noted that time I would be there to pick up the food.  The food was ready on time, but it took them 20 minutes to make change.  I am not kidding!  By the time I got back to work, I didn't have time to eat.  The employees weren't allowed to open the cash register, so they made change using the money they had in their pockets and coins in a cup.  They had to fish through the cup to get out the correct change.  The waiter who was taking my money didn't have the correct change in his pocket, so he had to go get another employee to help him!
5	Delicious! The Filet was amazing, and the Rock Shrimp blew me away!  Little siracha on the garlic noodles and I was in heaven! The pork egg rolls and the shrimp egg rolls are a MUST.
5	The best restaurant in Surprise hands down. Food is amazing, make sure you try the garlic noodles. Prices are high. Too high in my opinion, however I still find myself here a lot. Their Pho is some of the best ive had. The owner and staff is very friendly. This place gets packed. Expect a wait weekends at 6.Its next to pei wei, which given the price different and quality difference really doesnt make them direct competition.
5	My family and I have been to this restaurant many, many times and have never (ever!) been disappointed by the food or the service.  However, if you do not call ahead on weekends, you are in for a LONG wait at times.  (People...the food is THAT good!)I always get the Shrimp Spring Rolls with peanut dipping sauce.  They're HUGE!  Two people could easily share one order.  For my main meal I have had the Fillet Mignon Shaken Beef, the Sizzling Salmon, the Caramelized Salmon, and the Firecracker Shrimp w/ Garlic Noodles.  All were equally outstanding and I truly have a hard time deciding what I want once we get ready to order.  I have no one favorite since they are all delicious!My husband generally leans toward the Pho or one of the fried rice entrees.  All of those are equally delicious as well.All specialty plates come with jasmine rice, a side salad and scallion broth.
5	Oh yes. Went here while visiting relatives in AZ. Amazing food, excellent service. What I really liked is that in an indie restaurant like this you get people that really seem happy to be working there as opposed to corp-chain restaurants. They know what they are serving, and they know they are serving great food.Started with the crispy egg rolls - these are the famous egg rolls that are delicious - wrap them in the lettuce & mint for a proper treat. Then had the Specialty pork ribs - key here is eat them while hot (made the mistake of talking instead of eating). Finished with the Filet Mignon Shaken Beef - which were, well yes, amazing.Here's a hint - order the soup. The waiter kind of downplayed the soup as being very simple. Well, it may look simple, but the flavors just exploded in a great way. When we told the waiter how much we loved it, he explained the ingredients and process of making - and it all made sense.
3	The food is great, probably the best I've had in Asian food BUT I have noticed the prices consistently rising over time and in my opinion they are getting a little to high for what you are getting.  12 dollars for a plate of chicken fried rice is high even if the food is good and the soup is just a broth with a little sliced up onion in it wow.   If you have eaten here I'd like to hear what you think about the prices compared to other Asian restaurants.  I'm going to try the Little Saigon in Glendale next, it's a Vietnamese restaurant with a 5 star rating.
4	A little pricey, noisy, small dining area, but great food and definitely worth all the negatives
4	The place is small and a bit cramped. We chose to sit in the patio area which was quite nice, however, we were there for lunch and there were gardeners working only a few feet from us blowing dust everywhere! Not their fault the building owners scheduled gardening service at peak lunch hours I'm sure. Aside from those minor complaints I loved the food and service was great! Our food was served in a timely manner, refills kept on coming, plates were cleared as needed and our waiter was very polite. He was also very knowledgeable about the menu and quick to answer any questions we had. Our portions were a good size and delicious! The spring rolls are on the appetizer list but were very filling by themselves. Overall it is a great place and we will definitely be back.
5	One of the best in town. My family and I love this place! Awesome environment, we love to sit outside on the patio. My 3 year old LOVES the pho and so do I. The shrimp spring rolls are also amazing. Everyone is so friendly and makes it a even more enjoyable time.
2	Good until about 12 hours later when you spend the next day blowing up from both ends from food poisoning.  PT noodles in Goodyear is much much better....
5	Really excellent AUTHENTIC Vietnamese run by a super friendly family.  The food was so fresh and pure I felt I was eating in their living room and not a restaurant, which is about the highest compliment I can give.Obviously, this place has caught on as it was Thursday dinner and people just kept coming in and coming in at this small, well decorated restaurant.  Seems they have tons of regulars eating there, too, after speaking with several people and seeing how many were greeted so warmly by the waiters.The food is fresh, authentic and delicious.  I had the shaken steak dinner and ordered calimari and spring roll appetizers.  Needless to say, this was just way too much food, and I ended up bringing some home.  My friend ordered fried rice with shrimp, and it was the best fried rice I have ever tasted.  Loved it!This is one of the best places I have ever eaten at on the West side, and definitely worth the trip.  The food is great, service is great, place is clean and cute...what's not to love?  My friend and I both said we want to return here...and soon.
5	My family and I love this little gem! The food is absolutely fantastic and never disappoints. The servers are amazing, ask for Kathy to be your waitress though, she's wonderful!
5	I have been driving by this place what seems like forever now and I decided it was time to try it out...I sat down and I noticed the menu was a little short and didn't really know what to pick. The waitress was super friendly but that all did not matter to my 5 year old who wanted to color and was told they had no colors for her...besides that point I decided I was going to pick the shaken beef and my husband chose the pho. The food arrived, it was nothing short of amazing. My husband has yet to find good Pho since he left Portland, OR this place finally gave him the Pho he was looking for. The shaken beef hmm where to start, the sauce, it is truly scrumptious, I took one bite two bites three bites and could not stop until it was gone! The prices are well a little pricey unless you come at lunch they have some specials unfortunately at the time shaken beef was not one. The food, service and atmosphere awards this place a 5 star. Will be back :)
5	Now I am going to hope the Vietnamese Ribs are on the menu every time, they are sooooooooooooooooo delicious!  I have also been HOOKED on the house chicken wings, I call them fish -chicken, which I know doesn't sound appealing, but OHHHH it is!! They are out of this world!
5	THE BEST VIETNAMESE I HAVE EVER HAD! You got to try this little family joint with, by god the best egg rolls ever. I usually get the  Shaken Beef, a tender, well seasoned, beef plate with onions, and rice. Though my experiences there I have gotten the Saigon Fried Rice, a wonderful, sausage, shrimp, and chicken meal is awesome! This place is HIGHLY recommended.
5	I've been here six times now and can't get enough of the Shaken Beef.  The fish sauce on the beef and carmelized onions is to die for!!  This place is a MUST every time I visit Surprise!!
5	My favorite place to go for Pho!!  Delicious!!!  Friendly, clean...a little pricey...but worth it for yummy food!  We go here at least nice a week.  Highly recommend!!
5	Excellent Vietnamese dinning.  The food was all very tasty and priced fairly. The owner personally visited our table and was genuinely happy to see us (my parents frequent this establishment).I would definitely return!
1	Huge disappointment, I had the charbroiled shrimp Bun tom nuong  & my friend order the shrimp Pho rau tom. The shrimp was over cooked and there was no flavor, it was like water with a very very very slight hint of what it should taste like for both dishes. I was hoping to find a close Vietnamese restaurant and was willing to pay the higher price for convenience. However I will drive the extra miles to Pholicious for better food and prices.
2	This is my 3rd time visiting this place. On my first 2 visits here I thought the food was fantastic.  This time it was very disappointing.  We had the Caramelized Salmon ($14), Vietnamese ribs ($15)and Crispy Shrimp Rolls (5 Pieces for $8).  The Crispy Shrimp rolls are not worth the price.  The rolls are so small and you could barely taste the shrimp in it.  I thought the Caramelized Salmon was a bad idea.  The Vietnamese Ribs were dry and portions of it were burnt.  I'm not sure I will be returning.  I noticed that the prices have increased since my last visit.  So on the positive side, the service was excellent.
3	My feelings on this restaurant are a little split...so let's just get into it. Being in Surprise I understand that prices are going to be on the higher side. So, that is a downfall. The food was good, just good. Not fantastic or anything I would be craving for. I ordered the small bowl of pho dac biet which was okay but lacking the real depth of the beef flavor. Hubby order the firecracker shrimp with garlic noodles (which I do recommend) I noticed that there wasn't traditional Vietnamese fare such as banh xeo, soybean milk, and the rice plates did not offered shredded pork or meatloaf. All in all, food was good. If you're looking to try some ethnic food that is a little easier on the western palate this is the place to try. However,  if you want traditional "straight out of mama's kitchen" type food I would definitely make the drive the 17th Ave and Camelback to Pho Thanh.
5	This is the best food I have eaten in Surprise AZ. If I was 100 miles away I would drive the distance to eat this heavenly food. The service was awesome. Price was reasonable. And the food was mind blowing!!!  I could eat here every day. I will tell everyone I see about this gem in the desert of Surprise.
5	Love this place. The filet shaken beef is one of my favorite dishes anywhere. If go to this place, it's a must order.
5	Outstanding.  Food is fresh, inventive, and creative. Service is good without being fluffy.  Their hot wings in fish sauce and the Chicken Vermicelli bowl are among my all-time favorite dishes anywhere.  I return at least once a week for lunch
5	I would have never gone to this place had it not been for yelp! This place is a hidden gem! I come here about once a week. I have ordered a wide variety of things here and I'm happy to report that I've yet to be disappointed.      Appetizer: their spring rolls are a must have. My friends love the shrimp one will I love their tofu ones. They sear the tofu making it firm and hefty so it's not some mushy mess like other places. Their peanut sauce is devine but a server gave us an awesome tip bc my friend has a peanut allergy, ask for the chili sauce or aoili sauce to dip them in. Best tip ever. Their Thai tea, coconut water, and jasmine green tea are so refreshing!      Pho. I've had the chicken, beef, shrimp, and veggie (I told you I'm a regular!) and they are all great. It's such a comforting soup and I crave it all the time. Their veggie one is particular amazing bc they cook their veggies to where they're a bit tender yet still have some crunch, the leeks in particular. They use fresh ingredients from Lee Lee's Market. Their Saigon noodles are delicious as well as their shaken beef and shrimp plate. I'm not typically a fan of rice vermicelli but my plate here was ok, not bad or good just ok. Their lemongrass chicken here made me a fan. I've been to other places and this place has the best.      Pricing and service. Ppl say it's a bit pricier than they would like but honestly it's not even that expensive. The pricing is similar to that of an Applebee's or other mid-level chain restaurant but the food is 100x better. I choose to support local businesses as much as possible anyways.            Service: speedy and friendly. I've never had an issue. Even when they're jam packed (snow bird season and lunch time) the servers always come by and check in on our table. Sometimes if I'm feeling anti-social or getting out from work late I just order it for pickup and it's usually ready within 10-15 mins (always the tofu spring rolls and veggie pho). I've gotten my parents, sis, and a few friends hooked on this place, even those that typically don't like Asian/Vietnamese food.
5	The best food in Surprise, hands down! I've been here several times and am always very pleased.  I met my mom here for my birthday lunch and again, the food, the service are excellent.  The Pho soup, (I eat the vegetarian with tofu, bok choy), they serve the bean sprouts, lime, jalapenos and sauce on a separate platter to add as you wish.  A small bowl is huge, and all the portions are very generous.  My mom had the firecracker shrimp with noodles - it was also delicious.  Excellent, authentic food, a clean, comfortable environment with very good service - Saigon Kitchen is def on my "Keeper List"!
4	This place is wonderful for an authentic take in Vietnamese food! I had a bowl of "combination pho." It either comes in a small or large size. I got the large size and it was pretty big. The prices may be a little high but with the quality and the service they provide; it's worth a shot!
5	Excellent food and Justin was an amazing server. I had the tempura shrimp appetizer and it was the best tempura I've ever had. Also tried the filet mignon salad and Saigon fried rice.....Both were good. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
4	I'm no expert on authentic Vietnamese cuisine, I just like what I like and I know when I like it. Let me remind you that this place is located in Surprise AZ. Your typical fare here is Chicken wings and burgers. I would say that no pho is terrible if the bean sprouts are crunchy, the cilantro is fresh and clean, and if the broth is hot enough to make you sweat like like a priest in a comic shop.
4	Excellent food - highly recommended. Nice staff and comfortable seating and decor make this restaurant a can't miss if you are looking for something other than typical burgers, fries, and tacos.
5	Saigon Kitchen - 5 StarsLocation: Bell and Litchfield in Surprise. Very close to home. Plenty of parking and easy access back onto Bell Road. I need to come here way more often.Atmosphere: Upscale and trendy, but laid back. Looks and feels like a Vegas restaurant. The patio seating looked very comfortable and inviting, but we wanted to sit inside. The music was ambient/trance. Reminded me of the Downtown Cocktail Room in Vegas. But with better lighting.Cleanliness: Very clean and well organized. Even the restroom was nice and tidy.Service: Cathy was very attentive and made several excellent recommendations. She kept our water glasses and our wine glasses full.Food/Drinks: Delicious! The Chicken Noodle Soup was outstanding. I can't wait to go back and order it again. We also got Shrimp & Pork Spring Rolls, Chicken Skewers, and Surprise Jumbo Shrimp. The dipping sauces were awesome. The peanut sauce for the spring rolls was pretty yummy. Happy Hour: The Happy Hour food menu is from 3-6, but the Happy Hour for drinks runs from 11-6. Bargain! During Happy Hour you can get a bottle of wine and two apps for just $30. Totally worth it.Price: Very reasonable. The large bowl of soup for $9 overfeeds two people. Good portions for the price.
5	Great customer service and very good food!!When i went i got the chicken noodle soup and it was very good one of best i ever had. A+++
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our meal!  We tried the lemongrass wings as an appetizer. (Yum) then we had the charbroiled pork. (Yum!)  However the lycheejito was the bomb! Lychee infused vodka with tonic, lime and mint. Our server (Lindsey) was friendly, helpful and quick! Overall a very good meal!
3	Visited a couple of times over the last 2 years because it's close to home. The food is  okay  but on the expensive side. Service seems disorganized but I never had bad treatment.
5	AMAZING! We could not believe that we had driven by this place so many times and never stopped here. From the outside we always assumed this was like a Pei Wei... not even close! This is a very nice little place, atmosphere is great, staff is great, food is awesome. We had the shaken beef, firecracker shrimp, and the garlic noodles. All of them were just awesome. We've definitely found our new favorite place.
5	Eggs rolls, Shaken Beef and Chicken Pho are amazing. This is my favorite restaurant in Surprise. It is not over crowded or loud and they have excellent customer service.
5	Excellent staff and food! Restaurant is trendy-good music, good atmosphere. The pho is delicious, best I've had in Surprise. I also like the shrimp spring rolls and the house combination sandwich. The Vietnamese use mint in such different ways than we use in American cooking and Saigon Kitchen does it well.
1	The "Shaken Filet Mignon" is NOT that cut of steak - it is a poor sirlion steak.  We pointed that out to our waiter who has heard it before.  Check the description on the menu.  Very misleading for a major chain.  Also very noisy banging of dishes, no condiments served (sirachi, chili paste, soy sauce etc.)  Also pho was very bland. Not great service or well trained staff.  Very disappointing - will not return.
4	Every time I eat here I am never disappointed. The food is delicious, the staff are friendly, and overall is always a great experience. Their house specialty, the shaken beef, is an absolute must to try. Definitely give Saigon Kitchen a visit if you're in the neighborhood.
5	This is the best place in Surprise, Arizona. In a city built on national chains, Saigon Kitchen is the little beacon of independent freedom. Servers are friendly, owner is friendly, food is delicious. Both the shaken beef and the clay pot salmon are two of the best meals I enjoyed during my years in Arizona.
4	A nice little find in Surrpise!  Nice dining room and some cozy outdoor seating.  Service was great and the food delish.  We shared the Saigon fried rice and the shaken beef. I'm sad we have waited this long to try it!  We will be going back...a lot!
5	We take the family here all the time. This restaurant is one of the best on this side of town. Usually crowded, fresh ingredients. Kids like the garlic noodles but I always get the filet mignon pho with lots of grandmas special peppers (you have to ask for them!).
3	Decent food but struggles with service every time.  I visit this restaurant at least twice per month because I like the pho.  I've had better pho elsewhere but it's the only option out this way and ingredients taste fresh.  The servers are very kind but each time there is some mistake that renders the meal extra slow.  I know mistakes happen and am very forgiving but an acknowledgement and very basic apology would go a long way sometimes. (e.g.  I'm sorry, we had an error so your soup was delayed, we'll get it right out as soon as we can.)  I'll be back again I'm sure because sometimes I just need some soup!
3	Not bad by any means but not great either. Spring roles were absolutely terrible but the pho tai and shrimp curry were excellent. The reason my rating isn't higher is because of the slow service. It took forever to get our drinks (not to mention even longer for a refill), our food and our check. The server was very friendly but we waited 30 minutes longer then we should have. I'll get food here again to go but never dine in.
3	Great place to eat.
4	Had Shaken Beef for lunch, delicious! The server was great and explained to me how to eat the dish. I had no idea Vietnamese food was so good. A little pricy for lunch, but it was good. I was a bit concerned about one of the staff members drinking on the job when I watched him mix a cocktail behind the bar and then proceed to share a taste with my server. Guess when the owner is out there's no one really in charge in front of the house.My first impression was "what is that smell?" Not sure if it was dirty water or rags used on the tables or the food/sauces being cooked in the back. I couldn't smell it after being in the place for a while. The owner came in, personable guy and the staff shaped up. Overall not a bad experience and I would come back, with friends to dine with.
