5	Great new locally owned Thai restaurant. The patio with fire pits and open bar are awesome. Great atmosphere and food. I highly recommend. Chao!
4	Spicy eggplant,  green chili prawns, and Angies "to die for" lemondrop martinis! Staff are amazing and so thoughtful. If they get the lighting settled... ;)... No MSG!!!!
5	A beautiful open, contemporary space. The prices are a bit higher than what you would find from small mom/pop Thai restaurants. But this is more of a modern, fine dining experience. But not stuffy by any means.  There is a full bar, seating is spacious, you're not crowded and smushed with other tables. Outdoor tables and heat lamps. Wait staff was friendly. And overall, the food was very good, so I don't feel like I was paying just for ambiance alone.Came for lunch based on a recommendation from a friend to dine at the previous life of this restaurant, Latitude 8 in Downtown Chandler, only to discover it had closed and reopened anew as Chao. While there is a lunch menu, there is no lunch special. I went all out for myself for lunch. Pork dumplings, Panang Beef Curry, and Sticky rice with taro ice cream for dessert. Quick review of each. Pork dumplings: pork filling itself didn't have much in flavor. Wonton was perfect soft, not chewy or mushy. Just a nice slight pan fry crisp. Topped with toasted minced garlic. Dipping sauce very tasty. So the overall combination of flavor made it very tasty.  Panang Beef Curry: the beef texture was okay. Some parts a little tough, beef could probably be softer, more tender. But flavor was amazing. I wanted to drink the sauce, bathe in it! Perfect in consistency, spice, taste. Dessert: they didn't have mango, but I love taro too so I wasn't disappointed. The rice could be a little creamer in texture. The toasted sesame seeds gives a nice subtle contrast to the sweetness, and gives you the illusion of a crust to the taste. Great experience, will definitely come back, and recommend to others. In fact, I already have recommended it!
1	Disappointing. . .we had high hopes for this place,  but we won't be back. Service was incredible slow--20 minutes to take a drink order. We waited for a long time to get our food ( the server told us they were feeling "flustered" in the kitchen. Our appetizer arrived at the same time as our main dish. The teriyaki chicken was inedible, dry and bland. Spring rolls had no flavor. The fried rice was greasy and unappetizing. Total disappointment.
5	Appetizers were crab puffs & some tom yum soup lunch was some chicken dish with broccoli & egg noodles-amazing! We were sad they were out of mangos for the sticky rice but even there tea tasted great. Will defiantly be back
4	Good food a tad bit on the greasy side , but still yummy ! The ambiance is great and the bar is super cool. Great drink menu !
1	We attempted to have a nice dinner at Chao. We walked in and did notice that it looked like they weren't quite set up all the way, but decided to still give them a chance. Someone came by and brought two waters with some very melted ice, and he offered no straws. Then the man who sat us at the table came by and took our drink order. We asked for hot tea but again no sweetener was offered. Fifteen minutes later we were still sitting there with people walking around looking busy. We saw two other tables who got there after we arrived get their orders in. We finally decided to get up and leave 20 minutes later. My husband went over to "the server" and gave him $10.00 for the teas. The server didn't apologize for never coming back around to take our dinner orders he just took the money and said nothing. We walked over to BLD and had a wonderful dinner. We won't be back to Chao!
5	Great place to eat, Friday and Saturday night they have live music.  The owners mom runs the kitchen, the food is legit!
5	Just had the red curry which was amazing - tough competitor to the Pad Thai. It is great to sit on the Patio to enjoy the weather
2	Tasty food.  Unbelievably poor service. We had been personally invited to dine here by the owner and were so hopeful that we had found our new Thai fusion spot. Since we had friends in from out of town, we thought this would be a good time to take him up on the offer.  To  be fair, this place is really new and it was deep into service on a Saturday night, but nonetheless, Chao surely has some big hiccups to work out.  The BAD:  We were seated for our reservation promptly, but not greeted by our server for about ten minutes.  Once he did arrive, instead of taking our drink order and apologizing for the delay, he told us to hold on a few more minutes.  He stated that the kitchen was really backed up and that we could expect a long wait for our food. O.K., we thought.  As long as we can order some quick appetizers and drinks, we'd be happy to "dine." When he finally returned to take our drink order, we slipped in an order for fried calamari and stuffed chicken wings (we chose them because fried = fast, right?)  Apparently not... not only did the drinks not arrive for about another ten minutes, but we didn't get the apps for another :25. When he dropped the drinks off, we knew we'd better get him to fire our entrees (even before we received our apps). Judging by the tables around us that (too) were getting annoyed, we were not alone in our plight.  Tables went unbussed, drinks went unfilled and people were generally getting pretty surly.  We finally received our entrees about 1:45 minutes into our experience, which leads me to...The GOOD: Chao's food is really delicious. Aside from our appetizers being tepid when they arrived (I  put that on the wait staff), our food was delicious.  We had an order of Penang shrimp and two others I don't recall by name, but all were tasty and well presented. The REMEDY:  When finally checked on by our server,  we mentioned the length of time we had languished at out table.  The remedy was that our appetizers were comped.  This was fine and surely appreciated, but it would have made our experience less anxiety-ridden had we been "touched" by the management or told earlier in the meal that something was being done to accommodate us   (we certainly were not looking for compensation).  I guess that is just part of the growing pains of opening a new shop.Well, I've certainly prattled on long enough, but suffice to say, we'll probably wait a few weeks/months before giving this spot another chance. I hope they are able to fix the kinks, because the food is (almost) worth the wait.
5	I think it's a travesty this place only has 3.5 stars. This is the best Asian fusion food I have had anywhere in AZ. I am very critical in my reviews of restaurants. P.F. Changs has always been my favorite Asian restaurant but I can honestly say the food here is better. Our waiter and our bartender were very friendly as well. There was not one thing I didn't like about this place, which is very very rare. If you give this place 3 stars or less you simply need to stop eating out.
5	Love this restaurant! The food is yummy, service is very good and great ambience. Love the coconut shrimp, Asian Banana Crisp, and Papaya shrimp salad. Saw that they have a large room in the back that you can reserve for private parties and a new lounge area. This is definitely on my list of favorite restaurants for the Chandler area. Yum!
5	So lucky this is now in my hood.  Addicted to crab rice, pad Thai, crab fried rice, curry. Nice new open bar and patio.  And definitely order the crab puffs. YUM
5	I LOVE this place for so many reasons. The pineapple fried rice, the CRAFT BEER On Tap, the owners (who are awesome) and its so close to home!  Life is good!
5	Everything I had changed my life. Spring rolls, Tom Kia, Penang curry with chicken, sticky rice with mango!!! Amazing!
2	Slow service, appetizer came it with meal and slow to fill water glasses. Not worth the high price.
4	We had a great meal on their lovely patio. The servers were very helpful deciding on what to eat, though they sort of disappeared toward the end of the meal. The chicken satay appetizer was tasty, and my penang curry had the right amount of spice.
5	Our fave new Thai place in the Chandler area. Great drinks, great food, super cute/trendy decor. Love Love Love!
5	Excellent food!Owner is there often and very accessible, and nice guy!Large outdoor patio!
5	Beautiful patio, delicious appetizers. Best coconut shrimp I've had. Dumplings excellent, as well. Nice and prompt service. Lovely ambiance. Will definitely return to try entrees.
5	this place is definitely one of the best places to have a date night/drinks. the owners are great and very attentive. food is amazing as well!!
5	Great Thai and Asian food, it's the old Lattitude 8 that was in downtown Chandler! Fantastic, try the Panang Curry!
5	Loved it!  I never got a chance to eat at Latitude 8, but am very happy that the owners opened this new restaurant, you can tell that they have perfected that "Urban Asian" niche over the years.  I got the Pad Thai, as I crave the stuff on a frequent basis, and it was perfect.  Would have liked a lime on the plate, but when I asked for one the server not only brought one to me, but also used a juicer with it so that I didn't have to get my hands messy, very appreciated :)  It was a generous portion, so I took some home and was happy to see that my sons both ate it up, branching out from pizza, boys! For dessert I got a trio of mini creme brulees, one was coconut, one jasmine, and one green tea I think?  SO delicious, highly recommend this refreshing take on a classic dessert.  The ambiance is open, airy, clean, modern, and made me really want to redo my family room. Can I have the throw pillows on the stylish blue couches please?  Overall very pleased, will definitely be back with my family next time.
3	Really nice patio to sit and eat on... We ordered dumplings, Beef Salad, yellow curry and pad c ew (sp). Dumplings were great and flavorful, salad, had great flavor but the beef was so chewy. Almost like chewing bubble gum and the portion was not worth 9.00. The yellow curry was outstanding, we just wish it had a little more sauce. The white rice was undercooked and a little crunchy. Now the Pad C Ew.... It was mushy, all of the noodles were overlooked and broken... The chicken was dry and tough. They used regular broccoli instead of the Chinese broccoli that most Thai places use. I will come back and give it another go. Maybe they were having an off day.
4	Great outdoor patio, great food.  Service was great after initial hiccup of being forgotten the first ten minutes.  After that, the service was great though.  The bartender even came up with a special non-alcoholic drink for my wife.  The place is a little pricey though.  They could benefit from Happy hour food options.  The HH beer pricing was good, but not advertised anywhere.  Didn't even realize there was any HH pricing at all until we received the bill.
3	It's OK. This is Thai food for White People. Is it good? Yea it's ok. It's about on par or maybe a little bit better than their sister property in downtown Chandler called Latitude.The service is fairly sterile and there wasn't any foods on Happy Hour, just a few drinks. Horrible Mai Thais as they premake them all and they are sitting in a container not stirred. Quite bad.The atmosphere was nice and they did have live music. Would we go back? Yea, probably for the beers and to sit outside on the patio on a nice day.Other downside, horribly uncomfortable seating outside.
5	Best food in the valley!!  I could eat there everyday.....
2	As others have said, great ambiance; especially in the bar & outside areas. Nice pour on the drinks; however, for the price paid, the food was quite skimpy.  Thai food is usually quite reasonable; however, with their new place, the food is very high priced; especially for the amount that one receives.  I went there just the other evening, and they forgot to copy the exact order down. I came home without one of the things ordered.  The soup was minimal, at best, and the Panang Curry was very weak, with little chicken, and too much rice.  They need to step it up if they want to stay competitive in the market.  Just down the road, another new Thai restaurant has opened, and they definitely give you more for your money.
5	It's a great place with great food in a nice venue. I like the patio and they've had live music, on occasion. But, man, if you're here for work lunch, you really gotta push them to get out in a decent amount of time. I will say that we have balked at coming here on a variety of work days because it can take an excessive amount of time to get in and out.
2	Not worth it.  Now by all means please note this is not truly authentic Thai food.  Not that I'm an expert by any means, but I love Thai food enough, to know that this meal has catered to the demographics in the market.  The meals have no spice, especially the Tom Yum soup.  It also is served in one single bowl and DOES NOT stay hot.  Most Thai places serve this is some sort of warmer so that you take what you can eat and the rest stays warm.  Plus they charge for a side of rice.  And I'm not taking $.50 - $1 like most places.  And it's not even good rice.  The drinks aren't very good, the portions are small and overpriced, and the decor is sterile for being so large.  Parking is also difficult as it shares a lot with BLD, Nandos, and Oreganos as well as smaller shops and a Daycare.  Thai Rama up the street is a better option.
4	Excellent food!  I would say it's more of a Thai fusion.  Best restaurant in that complex.  Owner is an awesome guy.  Chefs are great.  My only knock is service can be iffy.  Had a great waitress last time named Nicolette I believe.  Can't go wrong with the yellow curry!  So tasty!
3	I ate there, with a friend, for the first time last night.  We shared lettuce wraps and curry crab cakes.  Although the lettuce wraps were a little skimpy, both appetizers were very tasty.  Then we shared the Mahi Mahi, which was outstanding.  On the negative side, the wine pour could have been a little more generous.  It was just over a half glass.
4	Had the Andaman Duck and would get it again. Also tasted the Pad Thai that's also very tasty
5	Okay I'm a little behind in my reviews. Rae and I meet here for lunch on Wednesday and I was very impressed. Waitress was great, just the right amount of attention and very friendly with great suggestions on the food. We shared an order of yellow curry crab cakes. I can't wait to go back and try the yellow curry dish. Then for our entree we had the tofu and eggplant. It was incredible. I'm so excited to finally like a Thai restaurant that's near us. On a side note I had the cantaloupe martini and it was great as well. This may be our new lunch spot. My only suggestion is the clean up the patio and make it look alive. I understand it's to hot to sit out there this summer but it still needs to look presentable.
3	If service had been faster and pricing more reasonable for vegetarian dishes, I would have been inclined to give a higher rating.Our initial impression was positive, as the place looked great, short wait time, and there was live music. Our drinks were all enjoyable (lychee martini, Moscow mule, and a Mai Tai).We asked for an appetizer to be made vegetarian and were delighted with the result. The tofu lettuce wraps were quite flavorful. Then we waited what seemed like a half hour to get our entrees after we finished our appetizers.  We were doing family style so we asked for dishes and were given tiny plates.  You need dinner plates during dinner, not tiny side plates.  They don't have very many vegetarian options so they allow you to sub out meat for tofu BUT pricing wise it ends up being pretty high.  If I'm paying $16 for a tofu dish,  that entree had better blow my taste buds' mind. Taste wise, it was good but not as flavorful as the appetizers. We asked for spicy but it tasted closer to mild.Once dinner finished it took us a bit to flag the waitress down to get an order for dessert in... despite it being mango season and it being on the menu there was no mango desert offered.  So we settled for the green tea ice cream and I must say we ended the night on a sweet note. I just don't know if I would come back, which is unfortunate since it's close to my home.
2	Pass. This is Thai food for people that either a) haven't had true Thai, or b) a few taste buds short of a full palate. The tom yum was barely passable, and a cup costs as much as a serving for 3-4 at authentic Thai establishments. But it's an Urban Asian Eatery you say? Doubtful. Chandler is hardly urban. Might as well add Bistro to the name. Save your dollars and go to Swaddee or Thai Rama.
4	Great ambiance! While it's mainly Thai food, and I have had really delish Thai in some hole in the wall kind of places, or gotten it as take-out, this place serves up good food in a hip setting! What a refreshing change!! The entrees are kind of more modern than traditional Thai - and are prepared nicely. I went there with my girlfriends, so we for to order and try out multiple dishes. And they were all delicious! And served up so so nicely!! There was one with wide noodles and flank steak - yummy! Now that dessert - the banana egg roll with ice cream - OMG - heavenly!!! I can't recall the exact name but you must try it! And did I mention this has a nice ambiance? Very open - and cool decor! Made me want to redecorate my own living room :)Note to self - write the review within 24 hrs so you can remember the names of the dishes
4	Great Place. Reading some of the reviews I guess some folks think they are on food network. We are an average couple and we like this place a ton. They can customize the dish well and are great with service. Always great. My wife has celiac and other allergies and they are great about making changes or offering suggestions As far as price, the food quality matches what I would expect for the price. I feel we get our money's worth. We love it and go back regularly!
4	The service was great. Responsive and friendly. So we started off the the yellow curry crab cakes. I mean potato cakes. The flavor was decent but I felt cheated because I kept feeling like the old lady on the Wendy's commercial "where's the crab?!". If they just renamed the appetizer I would not have felt like I was duped. However, when my duck entree came out it certainly made up for the loss. The sweet chili flavor was spot on! The rice was topped off with a fried egg. I would definitely order it again. My wife ordered the Pad Kee Mao with chicken, mild and sweet. She liked it as well. The sticky rice was like a cozy warm sweet coconut kiss. I would recommend checking it out.
2	Glad I came here with a Groupon because I was not impressed. Definitely not a place to pay full price at. Small portions, big price, mediocre food. Enough said.Oh, also, worlds slowest service. I don't recommend this place.
4	I have dinner with my parents once a week, usually on Fridays and it just so happens that we decided to go to Chao this particular night because my mom had a Groupon. There was no wait time, which I was excited about for a Friday night. We all ordered drinks and they came pretty promptly. I had the dark and stormy (dark rum, ginger beer, lime and bitters). It was pretty good, but I regretted my decision when I saw they had a Moscow Mule which I overlooked. Oh well.We all ordered and the downside is that it took quite a while for our dishes to come out ( we assumed everything is fresh and that's why). Once the dishes arrived, everything was delicious. I had the curry braised short ribs with potatoes and carrots, my dad had the pineapple fried rice and my mom got something that I couldn't remember.My dish was quite tasty, although my only complaint was that there weren't enough pieces of rib. There were about 6 chunks total. This wasn't too much of a problem, because they provided a side of white rice which between the dish and that, filled me up. I just would have liked more ribs because they were so good and didn't like the idea of filling up on rice.My dad's dish was delicious. I was kind of jealous. His had chunks of crab, fried rice with pineapple flavoring. It was only when he finished his meal (after eating it all and saying how good it was) did he seem to think they brought him the wrong dish. He seemed to think he ordered the pineapple fried rice with chicken and shrimp and had forgotten because of how good it was.  I didn't see what the big deal was if he liked it but I also see the principal of a correct order. Who knows if it was incorrect or if he forgot what he ordered. Oh well, still good. We do think it was incorrect however.All in all, I'd go back as the food was quite good. Only complaints we're wait time for meals to arrive, not enough ribs, and a possible order mix up. I am looking forward to going back and trying their other drinks and dishes!
3	Owners are kind, I think they give all they can. Unfortunately we came with a Groupon this time and left the 1 & 3 year old at home with a babysitter, and at the end of the meal they would not honor our Groupon (you were supposed to have 4 at the table)  which was a bummer even though we ordered as much as we would with the little kiddos in tow.  Food was good, yes portions are small but very tasty.
3	I went here once with some coworkers and didn't really care for it. Every Thai place that we go to has a spicy heat range that you can order from. This place did not so the food came out bland and not spicy at all. The spicy range was not an option given to us. This still confuses me. In hindsight, we should have asked the waitress about this but she did not mention it to us neither, which they do at every other Thai place that I have been to.
2	A bunch of us thought we'd try somewhere new for lunch and walked away unimpressed.The first oddity was walking through the front door that was propped open...in the middle of the day in Arizona...in July.  Then we got to listen to the bartender discuss how to smoke marijuana with someone at the bar for a few minutes before tending to our table.  All of the food was just off.  The Penang Curry tasted like it was mixed with a gallon of coconut milk, the Pad Thai tasted like orange chicken, my Pad Woon-Sen had 3 or 4 small pieces of chicken and a mash up of under-cooked veggies.  The guy that ordered a coke had his drink refilled from a pitcher that had been sitting on the bar long before we arrived.  When asked about getting flat, warm soda we were told that "its all about the efficiency".  My experience was capped by not getting any change from the cash I gave to pay the bill. Underwhelmed all around.
5	This place is fantastic!  David and Regina are wonderful hosts.  The dumplings, rangoons, crab cakes, duck, garlic shrimp, and new chicken thing on the right side of the menu are amazing.  I love that they make it spicy and flavorful.  David's mom is the genius in the back.  For a special treat, ask David to make you an Appletini.  The man knows how to pour.  We would eat there more, but I'm getting too fat.  Love me the Chao!  Phoenix magazine was right on naming them (formerly Latitude Eight) one of Phoenix's best.  You got to eat here.
4	Discovered this place a month ago and have been there twice so far. The restaurant is beautiful, the food is very good. I removed one star because of the desserts, they are good but very tiny especially for the price, but overall we had both times a good experience. Will be back
2	First off when you walk through the doors.. the atmosphere is very cold and unwelcoming.  When I looked around on the patio all i saw was dusty tables and dead plants.. somewhat similar to a desolate desert. I couldn't tell the staff from the customers and when I did find out who the manager was, she was wearing a barely there skirt. When we received our food in less than 5 minutes, we were very impressed.. it was short lived when we realized they had served us a different tables food. When I did receive my Crab Fried Rice.. i was given one small piece of shelled crab to break open myself and mix in with the rice.. it was pathetic.  The music was so loud (due to the all cement floors) that you could barely hear yourself think. I've been in Denny's that have put more thought in to there decor.. this place gets a 0 for decor/atmosphere. I will say the string beans appetizer were pretty good.. until you get sick of string beans. Overpriced Thai Wannabe Food. Oh and the parking is terribly set up as well.
2	Not impressed with the food, for the price it should have been better. Orange Chicken was dry and no sauce. The Pad Thai was tasteless. 3 of 4 people in my party could not eat it. The server asked what was wrong and we explained, he took back 3 full plates and never offered to remove them from our bill. Maybe we hit a bad night, doubt we will be back.
5	Best Thai food in the Valley! Chao, formerly Latitude 8 moved locations and I just found their new place. I had the Yellow Curry tonight, creamy yet mildly spicey. Delicious! Pad Thai is also amazing. my 6 yr old had the chicken satay with peanut dipping sauce and loved it!
4	It was an interesting night at Chao that had me teetering on 3 vs 4 stars.  Chao used to be Lattitude 8 in Downtown Chandler, one storefront south of the main square.  Maybe that subtle distinction was hurting their business, or maybe the rent was too high, or maybe they just wanted to expand.  Now, they're in a Chandler strip mall dominated by Oregano's, which is always packed.  The atmosphere at Chao was open and modern.  The restaurant has a large bar area and a large patio.  It also has a private room separated by a sliding glass door.  On Saturday night, there was a rowdy, overcrowded party in the private room which involved TWO different people walking face first in the glass door.  (Free entertainment!)We started with one of two Malbecs from the surprising wine list, along with a Brazilian beer named Xingu.  We enjoyed both drinks immensely.  We then moved straight to entrees with the $12 Pad Thai (w/ chicken) and the $14 Prik King (w/ steak).  The flavors of both dishes seemed complex and well-developed, more so than most Thai places.  The Pad Thai wasn't overly sweet, like it so often is.  The meat in the Prik King was very tender.  The portions were sufficient, but not huge.  There were a few marks against Chao, though.  The Prik King was very spicy, likely a 4 on the typical 5-point scale at Thai restaurants.  We weren't asked for a spice level.  I don't even recall the menu stating the dish was spicy at all.  That wasn't a major issue for me, but it certainly would be for some.  Also, I feel the dishes were a little overpriced, and the service was quite slow.  This was especially noticeable in the twenty minutes it took to pay our check.  By the time the bill was finally paid, we were the last patrons there.  You'd think they'd be more eager to see us off.  Considering how much we liked the food, these issues won't make me say, "Ciao" to Chao.
5	Just visited Chao for the first time at this location, although they've been here for about a year. Pleased to see the same managers/owners and chef. We were frequent diners at the previous restaurant and we're glad to see many of our favorites still on the menu. The food is consistent, ample and tastefully superior to most other Thai restaurants in the East Valley. Now the large, stylish venue accompanies the excellent food quality. There's plenty of room for happy hour, meetings, special music and business networking groups. Large outdoor patio with lighting and fire pits  will surely draw al fresco diners in fall and spring.This visit we enjoyed the spring roll for appetizers followed by pad Thai and panang. Everything we ordered was solid in quantity and preparation. The five spicy levels were offered by our server in case we wanted extra heat but with the accompanying pepper condiments we were satisfied with the spiciness. Now that we're confident this is the same wonderful Thai fusion restaurant we always enjoyed in downtown Chandler as Latitude 8, we'll be back in a regular basis.
5	Chao has amazing food! This used to be the old Latitude 8 restaurant in downtown Chandler. I haven't had one bad thing on the menu. The drinks and wine are fabulous too! If you haven't been then grab some friends and head on over. This is a great place to hang out drink and have some really delicious Thai Food. My very favorite restaurant in all of Arizona.
5	This is an amazing place to dine. I highly recommend.
5	Sauteed Green Beans for an appetizer, Thai Beef Salad, and Chicken Yellow Curry are my favorites!!!!!!  I absolutely love the ambiance of this place and the food is absolutely amazing.  I recommend this place to all of my friends in the area!  Such a great hit in Chandler!
2	First time visit to Chao... The food came out quickly which was nice but I ordered the teriyaki chicken and it was completely cold when I got it. My husband got the yellow curry which was very yummy! The only time we saw the waitress was when she asked for our order.
5	I have a hard time giving 5 stars but their orange chicken is probably what a miracle taste like. OMG. They run out it's so good. I always call ahead now to make sure they have it. I guess it's because there's a long marinating process.
5	We came in on the Groupon and we will definitely be back. Food was excellent and the service was great.
4	Chicken Yellow Curry was VERY good!!  Quick service and the food was awesome.I will be back.  Thanks.
3	Where to start.....Well it was my first time here and decided to come during lunch time.  Walked in and it was pretty much empty except for a party of about 8 people towards the back.  We are told to sit anywhere and as we look over the menu we are enlightened by what appears to be promising.  They have pretty decent happy hour drink prices but no lunch specials.  Any way we order and then the waiting begins......maybe it was an off day but we waited 45 minutes for our food when the place was pretty much empty.   If I only had to rate the service it would DEFINITELY BE ONE star!!! Once the food came out things were much better.   Some may say portions are small for prices but I didn't mind as it was just right before over eating.   I ordered the Ginger Chicken Stir Fry and it was delicious.  Perhaps a touch to much ginger, but overall vegetables were excellent and Jasmine rice was perfect.   I figured I'll give this place one more chance with the service as we all have off days.  On food only I would recommend and going back!
4	Last time I was in this area at lunch time, Chao was still being built. Now it's open and today was my first official visit to check things out. I've only tried one entree from the menu, but if the other choices are anything like what I ate today I will definitely be a regular here.I tried the Pad Kee Mao with chicken. If you don't know what this is, it consists of rice noodles, onion, Thai basil, chili, a little bell pepper and a slice of tomato in there somewhere - all covered in spicy brown sauce. The flavor of this entree was amazing - definitely something I will order again. One of my co-workers decided to eat light and ordered the chicken satay, which he also enjoyed.Service here was great - Brian took good care of us. They seem to be doing well since they opened. Decent crowd at lunch, but not too packed. I like the layout inside - and the fact that they have a bar means I will definitely be visiting Chao in the near future for happy hour.Updates to follow after I visit here a few more times!
5	I can't believe I have not reviewed this place!  This is LONG overdue because we have been to Chao at least 20 times since it's opened.  While I've tried many things, the Chicken Prik King is my favorite!  It comes on the spicy side, which is fine by me.  I have found that I enjoy the non-spicy dishes more when I ask for extra spice.  BEWARE - don't order over a "2" out of "5" of extra spice unless you like to break a sweat when you eat....a 2 rating is still very spicy. I once tried to be brave and ordered the Pineapple Fried Rice with a "3" spice rating and could hardly eat it. Don't say I did not warn you!The hubs and I mostly go for lunch and I think the price is very fair for what you get.  I always eat everything on my plate and while I don't leave totally stuffed (hate that feeling), I am always 100% satisfied.
4	So I've been here twice within the past 2 weeks (it's the Moscow Mule; I'm hooked). Having changed my diet 6 months ago (Pescatarian only) I am skeptical of trying new places in fear that they won't have anything to satisfy my tastebuds. I stumbled across this cute spot one day via Groupon. Knowing I was dining alone, I called the manager and was informed that, while the Groupon was for two, I could use the discount granted I purchase an entree. Done! After perusing the short menu I opted for the Crab Fried Rice and Egg Rolls. I wasn't mad either! The Crab Fried Rice was delicious; though for $17 a plate I would expect a tad bit more for my palate, I'm not complaining. I washed both down with, not one but, 2 Moscow Mules (one with plain Vodka and the other with Cranberry). Absolutely delicious! I typically stay with my top shelf Cadillac Margarita but I'm glad I tried something new. Deep Eddy Vodka is a must try!Now my second trip...ehhh. While my two Moscow Mules and the live music were on point, I tried something new; Papaya Salad. Now...the first item of the description reads: Grilled Prawns. Oh boy! It's on and poppin'! Added an order of Egg Rolls and I was good to go. I guzzled down my first Mule and my food arrived. Right on time. Salad piled high and Egg Rolls delicately placed on the plate. I dipped and chewed, dipped and chewed. Mmm! As I gently cut up my salad I noticed two shrimp sitting cute on the corner of the squared plate. Great! I thought, garnish. The rest must be under the julienned papaya and carrots. I was a little miffed to find that there were NO more shrimp (they weren't big enough to be labeled as prawns in my book). I politely called a waitress over and asked if the salad came with only two shrimp. And she pleasantly said, "Yes". WHAT?! I would've been embarrassed to admit that. There should've at least been 4-5. My goodness! I cut each one into fourths to spread out the goodness I WAS expecting and kept it moving. Nonetheless, the service is great! I just wish the portions were plentiful.
1	Another example of owner stupidity, shut down, liened back taxes, you name it!.  No surprise!
