3	Anyone who has ever perused a list of 'free' attractions in Las Vegas will have seen Ethel M featured there.The tour is extremely short, and self-guided. You get a free sample at the end. The chocolate is, in fact, tasty but...In today's age of 6000 channel satellite TVs, dual core processor 1.2 TeraByte flash memory mp3 players, and proliferation of virtua-blogo-wifi-IM-isphere devices, this was, shall we say, anticlimactic.But hey, I got what I paid for. As a matter of fact, the real surprise treat was the cool cactus garden on the outside. Let me point out that if you are looking for free attractions in Vegas, you are probably not staying at the Luxor. (Or maybe you are, and thats why you have nothing left for the Blue Man Group). Either way, you may not wish to spend the time going to the Factory when you can buy the chocolate at any number of establishments around town.If you, however, like cactus by all means check this one out.
5	That there's a two-and-a-half-acre cactus garden containing three-hundred-fifty different species of prickly flora here is irrelevant . . . in the middle of the desert, that's no more fascinating than ice in the Arctic. The reason people flock here from the Strip is because, unlike the casinos, Ethel M offers a sure thing, especially for chocoholics craving a fix. You'll learn, among other things, that the M stands for Mars, as in Forrest Mars, who brought the world Mars bars, Snickers, and M&Ms, and that Ethel was his beloved mother, who brought the world Forrest. You'll also discover how light and dark chocolate creams and caramels, cherry cordials, and crunchy nut clusters are made. Best of all, there are complimentary samples at the end, but it's the rare individual who doesn't walk out with at least a one-pound box purchased in the gift shop under his arm.
4	The Ethel M Chocolates factory tour shows up on every list of free things to do in Vegas.  It's a very boring, short tour, and I happen to love factory tours.  As I was walking along, I kept hearing a woman shouting at a customer, "Don't you want a sample?  Take a sample!  Why aren't you taking a sample?!?"  I was thinking this was possibly the rudest lady ever.  I rounded the corner to see that she was talking to no one.  When she saw me catch her, she burst out laughing.  Apparently she was trying to make her co-worker think someone was there.  I like when people are having fun at work.I got another free sample when I entered the gift shop (a divine caramel apple), and I was the only person at the time who left the gift shop without making a purchase.I would not recommend spending your vacation time to drive ten miles to visit Ethel M unless you love chocolate or cacti, or if it is part of some other business you have in Henderson.The cactus garden is great.  It is much more colorful and lush than you might imagine.  You can see why the Horse Crippler is named as such.  There is also a view of the "Living Machine" which allows them to clean their waste water with fish and algae and use it to water the landscaping.  I really enjoyed the cacti.
3	The only thing I can add to the other 3 reviews, plan to spend 1 hour to an hour and a half, plenty of time for the candy tour, if it isn't crowded, and the cactus garden.
4	We don't live too far from the factory, so we go a lot for the free samples.  I am a little upset that they changed the Gift Shop into another M&M store.  The garden is very nice to visit and has a lot of nice wildlife and is a good place to stroll around at twilight.  I like watching the chocolate being made, but not the extraordinary prices they are selling them for.  We have a store near our house at the District, but it isn't the same, since you get the whole experience at the factory and the free samples, lol.
4	Who cares about the stupid chocolate!? This place has an amazing cactus garden! Behind the factory there is a path which twists and turns throughout a plot of land with flowers, cactus, and plants of shapes and sizes. Its a really relaxing stroll and it great if you've been sampling some of their chocolates. The factory tour itself was interesting, but not really all that great. The cactus path was definately the highlight.
5	I've always loved the Ethel M's factory tour.  When I was a kid my grade school would sometimes take field trips here, I guess it was a nice, free place to take us that was exciting for the kids, being as its all about chocolate!As an adult I still like taking the quick tour, followed up with a free sample or two.  Of course, I usually end up buying a bunch of chocolate to take with me, but hey, that's why the tour is free, right?The cactus garden is great as well, nice place to stroll about while feasting on chocolate goodness such as the raspberry buttercremes.
3	Lamest factory I ever visited, and I love factories.  The location is really strange too, kind of tucked behind office buildings.  I grew up with Ethel M, so I was sad to see the local store close many years ago.  Rebranding seems to have helped it make a comeback.  The best samples are in the gift shop, since you can choose any of the specialty chocolates instead of the plain caramel pieces forced upon you during the "tour".  I was a bit fascinated with the living machine and their recycling process.  I wasn't impressed with the cactus garden.  It's probably more interesting during Christmas time when it's all covered with lights.  It's definitely not worth the trip if this is your one and only time in Vegas... but I've been to this city way too many times...
4	Courtesy of Susan R. who mentioned the "Chocolate Wonderland" during the winter holidays, we drove two carloads of kids to this factory in search of chocolate samples. We had just finished driving through "The Gift of Lights", so seeing this cacti garden of lights was even more impressive!We had arrived too late to see any of the factory stuff happening, but the kiddies were really happy with the free chocolate samples and especially loved running around the maze of cacti and holiday lights.Upon entering, you'll pass by a small M&M store before embarking on a self guided factory tour.  (I think it would have been a lot more interesting for everyone if we had come earlier.)  At the end, you'll find yourself at the Ethel Lounge where you can order up ice cream, chocolate drinks, and every kind of Ethel M. chocolate you want.  The guy working was super helpful and generous with the samples, even the specialty ones.Overall, a 3.5.  Like the other reviewers mentioned, it's not worth the visit unless you're a chocolate whore.
2	Nothing special. Maybe it's cause I've been to Hershey, PA and have that to compare it to. But... it's not like you're greeted with a free sample and whisked away into a chocolate tasting. It's a factory that's hermetically sealed off and the scents are hidden behind glass.There's a cactus garden here too. But... keep in mind you're in a commercial park so it's not the botanical gardens setting. It's nice to see- once. And if I worked nearby, I'd imagine I'd take a walk through here- twice.Prices are jacked up here too so don't expect to get any sort of discount pricing on chocolates.
3	I actually enjoyed the walk through the cactus gardens more than the factory tour.  My kids felt quite the opposite. This may have been because they were so attracted to the free chocolate and I was desperate to get my sugar-high demons away from the general public before they could add to my list of life's most embarrasing moments. The cactus garden boasts three acres of more than 300 different kinds of plants, including Teddy Bear Cholla, Texas Prickly Pear, Spotted Aloe and other cacti that most people never knew existed (including me!).  Like I said, my kids only cared that the factory boasts more than 20,000 gallons of chocolate a year.  Despite the sweet-induced buzz, the tour was fun and interesting and it came at the best price --- free!Check out Ethel M's by visiting:http://www.ethelschocolate.com
5	anything, and i mean ANYTHING, that has the words "CHOCOLATE" and "FREE SAMPLES" attached to it automatically gets 5 stars. i mean, how can it not?there's a free tour in the beginning, after you walk past this little M&M store. the "tour," which was kinda weenie, basically has you walking through a hallway type area where you can see machinery, read about the process and history of chocolate, and view displays of awesome chocolate art. then you exit and there's where you meet the nice lady offering a FREE SAMPLE OF CHOCOLATE! when we went, we tried some kind of cinnamon truffle. i'm not a cinnamon person but this one is soooooo good.the store is a chocolate and souvenir paradise. they package their chocolates in "themes," and we had to get several to try...a lot of them were really good, although i can't remember what their names are.there's also a cactus garden outside to stroll along. i never knew there were so many different kinds of cacti! really awesome, combining chocolate and cacti! but this is only good if you can stand the vegas heat. if not, chill in the delicious chocolate lounge and splurge on yummy, arty chocolates.
4	Ethel M has been around forever, and for good reason..the chocolate is amazing! The tour is fun the first time, and just OK after that. The best part has to be the free chocolate samples at the end. You can pick out of a giant case which chocolate you want to sample. Another great thing here is the cactus garden. During the holidays they decorate it with lights. It's a nice place to take a stroll and learn about native plants. But, the main attraction for this place is the great chocolate!
4	I'm rating the location at the District at the Green Valley Ranch. This listing shows the correct phone number. My girlfriend took me to this shopping center for the first time-- I'm really not much of a shopper. We stopped in Ethel M's Chocolate Lounge and I was a bit of a skeptic because most American chocolate tastes like bland, brown pasty unidentifiable stuff. So I wasn't planning on buying anything. But they gal behind the counter gave me a sample of the martini filled chocolate- how can you go wrong? It was heavenly! The chocolate was rich, not too sweet, and it melted in my mouth. The filling was (cranberry) Cosmo flavored, without the harsh taste of liqueur. (Yes, I enjoyed those cherry cordials when I was a kid!) I bought the 12 piece box for $16, selecting each piece individually. It's so worth it-- my mouth is happy! You can also get great hot chocolate and do a chocolate fondue with your friends- fun girls get together.
2	I was expecting a LOT of this place.  It wasnt that great I think I got more excited watching the krispy kreme donuts come along the assembly line then the chocolates here.  They have a lot of M&ms & other chocolate in the front but why go here if you are already here might as well go to m&m world. The free sample at the end of the tour was fun but this you could also get at the see's candy at your local mall.  They truffles they sell are cute and I saw that they have fondue and such.  It was tooo cold to really see the garden but maybe next time if we really have to pee on our way to sincity!
3	If you need a brake from the strip you should stop in at Ethel M Chocolate Factory. There is a free walk through tour of their facility, as well as a cactus garden, an M&M world shop, and the Ethel M chocolate shop. Now if you are looking for some grand tour for free then go somewhere else, you'll be disappointed by this place. On the other hand, if you are looking for a little pit stop that is cute and off the beaten path then this is a good little place to hit. Personally I am one of those people who love watching people make food and candy and those sorts of things, so being able to see this was fun. The whole stop will probably take you about 30 minutes to an hour depending on how much you mosey in the cactus garden, which apparently they decorate for christmas, which is a nice idea. They also give out free samples of the chocolate, which is a nice little treat.
1	Everyone says that you have to take this tour.  What a crock.  While we went on the weekend (Sunday, I think it was), and it is certainly possible that nothing happened on this particular day, I simply cannot imagine that we would have seen much more on a weekday.  There just isn't that much more there.You go in one side, see a bunch of souvenir junk, go through a simple "tour", then come out to some pricey junk.  You can get the chocolates at M&M world - and see a lot more souvenirs, without taking such a long cab ride.The cactus garden is nice and all, but it's really not worth it.
3	i was disappointed.very quiet on a Monday and factory line was down for routine maintenance.  We went on monday hoping to see the factory in full swing.  make sure you call first to see they are running.  the history was informative, we got a free sample and the cactus garden was okay.  not too impressed.  the chocolate factory tour at scharffen berger in oakland was way better.  but it's free and something to do off the strip involving chocolate.
3	This is a prime example of what happens when a multi-national takes over a small operation...I've been a fan of Ethel M chocolates for years.  They were one of the first American chocolatiers who figured out that when producing a fruit cream, you wanted to taste the fruit as well as the chocolate.Having been to the factory several times in the past, I was very disappointed to find out that you now enter via a large M&M store.  (Strangely, M&Ms just don't scream artisan chocolate to me.)Having rebranded to "Ethel's Chocolate Lounge" they have added a considerable amount of new inventory that isn't quite as unique as their "classics," but they were still pretty good.The total lack of attention to the cactus garden was disheartening.  Many of the plants are dead or dying and the cactus beds were sorely in need of attention.It was also sad to see that Mars (the parent company of Ethel's) dropped the natural water treatment plant they had on-site - which was not only interesting, but showed an environmental awareness unheard of in Las Vegas.I'm sure this was my last visit to the factory.  Even with the corporate takeover of so many successful chocolatiers, there are many artisan chocolates available elsewhere.  I'm sure Mars will survive with the profits from their pedestrian products such as Skittles and M&Ms.Overall, I got the feeling that most of the people touring the factory were less than impressed with the offerings and I wouldn't be surprised if Mars shut it down in the near future.  (It is pretty obvious they aren't putting any money or effort into the cactus garden and I would say that is indicative of things to come.)It is kind of sad to see yet another great company killed off by a corporate giant.Bottom line, the chocolate is good, but the factory and cactus gardens are now an afterthought.
2	Initially excited when I saw scores of cars and a few tour buses in the parking lot, my enthusiasm for Ethel M Chocolates quickly waned as I spent more time here.Started at the cactus garden, which was underwhelming.  Nothing very special.We proceeded to the chocolate factory, and the "self guided tour" was a 30 foot procession down a hall with a history of chocolate and the evolution of Ethel M Chocolates.  To our left was part of the factory, and there was very little going on behind the glass.  At the end of the hall was a cute little white haired woman who handed out one morsel of chocolate per guest.  It was good, but nothing special.  From there, an overpriced chocolate boutique.30 minutes of my life I will never get back
4	For a quiet, not-Vegas kind of thing to do on a Sunday morning, Ethel M's is a good choice.  The factory line was down, and some kid was leading a tour group through.  He was unintentionally amusing because he was sooooo unprofessional.  I was intrigued by how much the factory line looks like a well-run scientific laboratory--lots of equipment and dials and spotlessly clean.The cactus carden didn't have a whole lot of varieties--I'd hoped for more cactus species and more xeric plant varieties.  Still, it was pleasant enough.The highlight was buying Ethel M chocolate to take home.  Not everything is superb, but they do have a few selections that are excellent.  My recommendations:  the white chocolate/cranberry/dried fruit/nut bark--that's a five-star item.  Same with the lemon creams and the liqueur cream-filled chocolates.  Sometimes their featured flavors (right now cocktails--I wasn't impressed, but the previous line of tea-flavored chocolates were wonderful) are amazing.  Sometimes they are underwhelming.
2	I went to this factory on a weekend, and there was *no one* in the factory.  Well duh, it's a weekend.  I guess I just didn't put two and two together.  So there's this giant window displaying the factory where they make the chocolates, but it was just dead.  This is a self guided tour that literally will take you 3 minutes to walk through.  It's a hallway.  Yes, the tour is of a hallway.  The best part of the tour was free chocolate and toffee samples at the end.  While this is not the best chocolate (it's made by Mars, after all), I did enjoy perusing their pretty gift shop and trying some of their confections.  I probably wouldn't make the extra effort to visit this place, but if you're in the area and have a chocolate craving, I'd recommend it.  Oh, there's a cactus garden outside.  This will take you about 3 minutes to walk through.*See pics*
1	A friend and I took our kids here for the free tour. My first surprise was the M&Ms store you had to practically walk through to get into the factory. I guess  Ethel's makes M&Ms? The tour was nothing special. You walk down a hallway with big windows into the factory where you see chocolates on a conveyor belt. It was interesting to see the process, but the windows weren't even very close to the action, nor did you see very much of the process. They also had infromational panels along the opposite wall, documenting the history of chocolate, and signs with chocolate sayings hanging from the ceiling. I added my favorite one to the pics.Being a chocoholic, I really came for the free chocolate at the end of the free tour. VERY DISAPPOINTING! They offered each person one tiny little wafer of which they use to make the chocolates. You got to pick from milk, dark and white, if I remember correctly. They were so small, and so flavorless. Then the tour spills into a big Ethel's chocolate store. The chocolate is way overpriced, and isn't anything special. The ice cream and hot cocoa were both good, but again way over priced. The cactus garden just outside of the facility was nice, but nothing very special.
5	Please let me be clear: This review is for the CHOCOLATE; not the tour, cactus garden, or M&M monstrosity.I know a lot of people are underwhelmed with the "tour" aspect, and I would have to agree. I have been here at LEAST 20 times in my life, and have seen the convener belts running only twice.  Once though I got to see people doing chocolate decoration which was really cool because it is something I try a hand at myself, and so it is nice to see someone else do it.The chocolate, however, is another story.   Ohhhhh the chocolate.  I actually am a fan of the renovations that have been done in the last few years.  The new "Lounge" area somehow reminds me of something out of the I Love Lucy era.  And it features this AMAZING chocolate blended drink that I am convinced is superior to EVERYTHING in the world.  Every time I go back and get it again, before I try it I am worried that I have built it up in my mind.  But no. It really is just that good.  The chocolates are expensive, but they are ALL great. I have never gotten a dud here, even when I try something completely new.  They have a new line of liquor filled chocolates that are amazing.  I recommend the Lemon Drop and Cosmopolitan.Also, if you haven't yet tried it, their Earl Grey chocolate is the BEST of its kind.There are usually samples offered here, and honestly, if you are nice,you may be able to just ask for one.  It really depends on the time of day as to whether or not you get a sample freely, but when you do.....it is heaven. Go in, enjoy the air conditioning, buy a box of at LEAST 14 chocolates, and try the blended chocolate drink.   If you are just visiting The Vegas, it can be a nice break from the strip.
5	I always love factory tours. And free chocolate. I came on a Wednesday, Jan 30, and the workers were making different kinds of chocolate and caramel nut apples. At the end of the extremely short tour, there was a table where a worker will give you a choice of white, dark, or milk chocolate plus a toffee brittle. Yum! The brittle was the best. The tour leads into their chocolate retail shop full of expensive chocolates. There was a gift shop at the beginning with a lot of M&M souvenirs.Outside was the cactus garden, which was pretty nice to just walk through. We came back at night and the entire garden was lit up with Christmas lights and decorations. I highly recommend it, but bring a jacket, it's super cold!If you've got a few free minutes to spare on a weekday that the factory is in operation and you like free samples, I'd highly recommend checking out this free factory tour. It only takes 10 min, so it's great as a stopover.
2	The name is suitable. Overall, EHHHHHH is my opinion on EHHHHthel M. Chocolates. I learned about this place after seeing a special of it on Food Network. It wasn't too far from the STRIP, but the place wasn't as amazing as it appeared on TV. They have a self-guided tour. When I went, there weren't any workers and nothing was in operation. All you would see were lonely turned-off machienery behind a glass and some brief history info on a few panels. I got ONE sample at the end. ONE.After, I bought some chocolate. Not because I thought it was so good, but because I felt like I had to.. i felt like I had to satisfy my unfulfilled chocolate factory experience..As I ate that chocolate, I lied to myself about how good it was to make me feel better..Okay, it's not bad at all. The chocolate itself deserves four stars and for the price it's okaaay, but I'd rather buy chocolate elsewhere.Their miniscule cactus garden isn't anything special. You could stare at it, to make you feel better somehow too I guess..
5	The Christmas lights were beautiful!!!
1	They should post the hours when workers actually make the chocolate.Seems too random.  Chocolate was good but not worth the price.  Too commercial!
4	We went here for the Christmas light show where the cactus garden is covered in lights!It was so much fun and here is why:1) It was FREE!2) It was fun and beautiful3) Santa is there on the weekends4) You can take the Chocolate tour and get a free candy5) There was M&M treats there too...and we saw a real M&M characterThe chocolates there are yummy but there are very expensive. $2 a piece if bough separately and most boxes are around $30! Still - during the regular season, there is a nice cactus garden you can visit as well. Its a nice place to go! Also, they have a ice cream/ hot chocolate bar good for treats before you go wandering through the garden.Hot Chocolatey Fun for sure!
4	I've reached a point in my life where I just can't eat sweets anymore.  Not only do they not taste good to me, it affects my body in a weird way.  That being said, I'm extremely picky when it comes to eating chocolate.  If it's not high quality, I won't touch it.  Ethel M's is like open house for me.  Just about anything they have I can eat and not worry about an adverse reaction.  I specifically enjoy their dark chocolates - Ooo....!  I'd go for 5 stars but they're getting a bit pricey - like around $1 per piece.  So, I used to purchase several boxes per year, now I only get one around Christmas - and I savor every bite.
5	Ethel M makes fine gourmet chocolates that are marketed to chocoholics that are willing to pay $1.50 per piece. I am very interested in chocolate and always try every new chocloate producer that I find. If you don't obsess over the fact you are paying $36 for a standard size box (24-pieces) you will find a very inventive collective of chocolate creams, chocolate truffles, chocolate with nuts, chocolate caramels and sugar free chocolate.The tour is OK when the production line is running but it only runs at certain times so I would call first. Ethel M is expensive for kids but it is a real treat for any chocolate lover you know. I eat mainly dark chocolates and their product is always fresh and top quality. It is equivalent to other fine chocolatiers like Scharffen Berger and Godiva.
4	I had thought I had reviewed Ethel M last October when I ordered their chocolates online to be sent to my sister-in-law Lois as a thank you gift after staying w/ them.  The story goes thus:  several years ago Bob and their daughter Betsy took a father-daughter trip to Las Vegas.  When they flew home they brought Lois a box of Ethel M chocolates, but they forgot it on the plane.  After hearing the story, I went to the Ethel M website when we got home and ordered an assortment of my choosing.  I don't remember the details of how this happened, but I inadvertently ordered two of the same thing.  I called Customer Service, where I spoke to a lovely woman who took the second charge off the bill, despite the fact that both orders were going out.  I guess once the process is set in motion it can't be called back.  So Lois received two boxes of chocolates.  She froze one of them so I could taste it when we visited this year.We arrived this past week and Lois dug the box out of the freezer.  One of the things I had found frustrating in creating my own assortment is that they limited me to 4 choices, so that made for a very limited assortment, leading to a bit of monotony, at least as much monotony is possible when we're talking chocolate.  The chocolates were good, probably about the level of See's, but not rising to the level of Chocolatier Blue or Christopher Elbow or any Belgian chocolate purveyor.  But they were better than Whitman's or Hershey's or other commercial grade chocolates sold in drugstores.  I wouldn't turn them down if they were offered but I wouldn't go out of my way to buy them again either.  Lois, who is extremely tactful, couldn't hide her disappointment in them after waiting all these years for a taste.  3.51 stars, w/ extra points for excellent customer service, rounded up to 4.
2	I wanted a free token of chocolate, so I just walked down the hallway and collected it from the woman at the end.  Done deal.
4	My family and I came here to see the holiday cactus lights. I absolutely LOVE Ethel M chocolates, and it's such to see the Factory in a different setting - decked out with tons of Christmas lights. There were tons of people there, but parking wasn't hard to come by and there were no lines to anything. The premise of the event is really simple - tons of beautiful lights, Santa for the kids (I believe a photo is $10) and you can still do a self-guided quick tour of the factory (with a free chocolate coin at the end). We brought our family dog, a lil bichon fraises (who was a bit nervous at first with all the crowds) but he soon got plenty of treatment/attention from tons of people who wanted to pet him!! Great family event. They also offer the standard hot chocolate from Ethel's Chocolate Lounges here - yummmm.
4	There is plenty of parking.  You start the tour by going through the M&M gift shop.  Lots of cute stuff, but everything is overpriced.  Next, take a walk down a long hallway with windows overseeing the factory floor.  I love all the cute quotes and facts on the walls.  Some people find this boring and just skip right through.  They are missing the point of coming here.  You can watch the candy being made, but I never see it very busy.  It is very short so don't rush it.  After the hallway, you enter another gift shop.  Everything looks so yummy!  They even give you a sample of your choice between milk, dark, or white chocolate.  Don't look too long or you will buy something, and everything is expensive.  After exiting the second gift shop take a stroll through the cactus garden.  It is the best I've seen anywhere.  This is really the best reason to come here.  Simply amazing.  I had no idea there were so many varieties of such strange plants.  If you can, go when the Christmas lights are up.  It is really worth your time.  Taking the tour is free, so make sure you go.
2	After walking thru the tour, I was very dissapointed that they didnt have the chocalate for sale that was being made or the sample they gave. The choco shop was a bad immitation of Godiva. Very dissapointing.
3	Im giving it an extra star because the cactus garden at Christmas is something that everyone should stop and see at least once. Its cool to take the tour and get a little free chocolate. I wouldn't suggest buying anything at the gift shop since the chocolate is SO EXPENSIVE... but its good and I'm sure they sell just fine.
3	We went to Ethel M Chocolates on Easter weekend where they had free festivities such as face painting and pictures with the Easter bunny. We had never been to Ethel M even though it was down the street from my husband's work, and it was a pleasant surprise. The cactus garden is a lovely attraction and a nice getaway from the Strip. The chocolate factory tour is self guided. The factory was not running during the weekend we went but we still got to walk through and get a free sample at the end. There is a small M&M gift shop and an Ethel M store. We had a frozen chocolate drink which was a little pricey. It was definitely worth the price. It was indulgent and refreshing on a hot day.I  know the main attraction here is the Christmas lights so we will definitely be here for some more free family fun in December!
5	The cactus garden is beautiful, but what we really came for was chocolate.  These are high-quality, attention to detail chocolates, and are totally worth every penny.  There's a self-guided tour inside where you can view the workers actually making the candies using the old copper pots....it is quite interesting.  At the end of the tour, you're led into temptation as delightful goodies abound all around.  You're given a choice of a sample of their dark, milk, or white chocolate (we chose dark).I decided upon a box of 48 hand-selected candies - mostly the raspberry cremes because those are my son's favorites.  He was flying into McCarran from his army base in Louisiana on a 2-week leave and I wanted to surprise him. :-)  Alas, the box of candy was stolen when we inadvertently left it in a restaurant across the street from the airport after we picked him up.  I suspect one of the employees enjoyed the added "perk" in addition to the tip I left.Anyhow, these candies are higly recommended.  Next time I'm in the area, I'll definitely have to stop by.
2	There's a reason the tour is free -- it's about 30 yards long. A tunnel with pictures and descriptions along one wall and the factory along the other. My wife loves all things chocolate and didn't like a single thing she sampled or the few things she purchased. It's defiantly best to skip this place unless you just want an excuse to get out of the car and stretch your legs.
4	A must is the caramel with sea salt. A box for $10.
4	You must get here for their holiday light show.  They decorate the cacti and trees with Christmas lights...fabulous to see !The colors and depth of the rows of plants with lights on them is tremendous.The comp chocolate at the end of the "tour" is tasty but not spectacular in any sense.The "tour" itself is a hallway with windows overlooking the factory floor.  Either you'll be lucky to see some employee activity actually making candy or not as there is apparently no set times they keep.Bought cream filled chocolate that did not compare to See's candy.Again, the cactus garden, especially when lit up during the holidays, is worth the trip.
3	Came here the other night for the Christmas lights in the cactus garden and i will have to say i was impressed!  It was nice and empty since it was a Monday night, so we were able to enjoy the lights without being surrounded by a large crowd!  I highly suggest going to see the Christmas lights!  (Its free!!!)  The chocolate factory was also open when we were there, and the tour was open we well.  The tour is VERY short, maybe 50 yards, and will take only about 5 min. to walk through, and thats if you read all the signs.... BUT, they do give you a free sample at the end!  All in all, I would go for the Christmas lights... and thats about it!
4	Of course, similar to last year, the cacit light display is awesome.They have an area to meet Santa so be sure to call or check for hours.The short factory self-guided tour ends with a a free chocolate sample.Many paths weave throughout the cacti garden and make for interesting close up and distant views of the many great lights.Kids, parents, young and old all show up and enjoy this dispay.Be sure to go and show your support of this local vendor !
4	Came here for the Christmas Catus Garden!The display is very cool, and it is completely free.  You should come down and check it out!  Thousands and thousands of lights!After the garden, you can take a free mini tour of the factory, and see how they make all the yummy chocolate there.And of course, they have a store there to take some treats home if you like.Easy way to burn about an hour or so, depending on how much you soak in the sights!
4	Weekend after Thanksgiving perfect time to come. Deck out with Christmas lights and get the ice cream with hot chocolate poured over
5	I love chocolate!  Give me a box and you can forget about anything else for the day.  With family coming in, we wanted to pick some chocolates up to share with out of town guests and what better way but with Ethel M Chocolates.After walking past the silent factory, we enter the gift shop and are greeted by that sweet chocolate smell.  We're asked almost immediately if we'd like a sample and my and husband and both say yes simultaneously.   They are sampling the toffee brittle and it's wonderful.  We make our selections, a big box of mixed nuts and carmels for our guests, and I grab a box of the toffee brittle, it almost doesn't make the trip out to the car, we start on it right away.  The chocolates are good, fresh, and worth every bite!
2	We visited the factory on a Saturday to find NO ONE inside the factory.  The factory only moved Mon-Fri so pretty much we just walked in and walked out.We did take a little walk around their cactus garden so it was nice and peaceful.  Too bad that tranquility was interrupted by an random asshole who decided to drive berserk in the parking lot, honking his horn and swearing and who knows who...?  He took off before the cops came...so weird.  So yeah, our experience was meh.
3	Since when did the M&M store appear here?  Anyway its been a while since I've toured this factory.  Daughter had no idea how her chocolate was made so seeing all the big vats being mixed and poured out was a treat.  Only a few people worked at one section in one big room at a time.  Then there was the sample dude at the end of the hall...Melt in your mouth goodness to end the tour.  Dark, Milk or White chocolate disks.The chocolate shop was spacious and pricey (hey, I don't buy chocolate). Cactus flowers were blooming in the garden so the kid got to learn a bit of horticulture as well.Its probably not worth driving out of your way from the Strip area to visit, but if you're some kind of chocolate nerd, then visit.
5	Every time we visit Vegas, we make sure to stop by Ethel M. The chocolate pecan brittle is sooo good and addicting! LOVE IT!!!
2	It's nothing much. You enter from an overpriced M&M gift shop, and walk through a simple corridor with one glass wall. Through the wall you can see 0-3 people working (or pretending to), but relatively far away. There are a few signs explaining how they make chocolate, and you get a free piece of chocolate 30 feet from the entrance. From there, you enter the Ethel M gift shop which is again, overpriced. Nothing much, don't even bother.
3	This was offered as part of our Hoover dam tour.  A basic chocolate shop with a factory in the back with a couple of people making chocolate candies.  At the end of the chocolate tour you get a free sample of chocolate.  Prices are steep and chocolate IMO is not like Godiva, where if on a good day I am willing to throw down money on some chocolate.  But nonetheless, it's a nice, organized shop and there is a botanical garden at the end.
4	The pecan brittle is the crack! Ethel M is a little pricey but considering the quality and it being a tourist attraction, it's expected. They have a wonderful Cactus Garden that you can stroll in after the Factory Tour.
4	Visited last night... very festive...a really great place to visit for adults and children. Walk thru and watching the chocolate making process and collecting a nice little sample at the end. The store had so much going on, you almost needed a private tour. (smile)  Sales personnel were very helpful and plenty of energy.  Maybe a sugar rush from all the chocolate. Would go again. Rest room was pretty neat, however way too small for the number of people trying to use, particularly when you have adults escorting their child/children.
5	I can't believe that I have lived in Vegas for a while now, and have never been to Ethel M Chocolates for their Xmas light display.  I am really happy that I finally did.  It may become a yearly tradition.  Anyhow, we walk in to the quick factory tour.  Really just looking at the machines pump out the chocolates.  Then a quick stop in the store, where we bought a few bars of chocolate and devoured them during our walk through the lights.The lights were done right.  I expected gaudy but was happily surprised.
3	Ethel's were included in our Hoover Dam experience- but who doesn't love Chocolate!? This factory was actually a quick 5 minute run through of how they prepare their chocolate - we get 3 different tastings from M&Ms to their pecan brittle all were delicious ..but extremely pricey! We made a quick run through at their garden outside and if it weren't too windy i'd say it was worth it for cactus enthusiast !
3	My wife and I came to Vegas to get away just for fun and I tried to look up other stuff to do other than the usual drinking, gambling, casino site seeing, and shopping. We wanted to try something new, well I did at least. While researching for other things to do I came across Ethel M Chocolates, which got me kind of excited, I'm a nerd like that. While driving there, it seems kind of far from the strip even though it's only about 5-7 miles. I think it made it seem like a long drive because it's about 4-5 miles on local roads, after you get off the freeway. Once we got there, it had it's own private parking lot, which I liked, also there was plenty of parking. I don't know if it's because we choose the right time to go or because not that many people go there, but we got easy parking so i can't complain. The first thing we noticed after we got out of our car was the cactus farm. I was kind of surprised, because I figured they would want to advertise their store first, but I guess that's how the owners built that land. The wife and I decided to walk the cactus garden first before entering the factory. It was actually quite nice, nothing spectacular about it, but it's nice to just walk around and relax. If you're lucky like us, you might see a critter or two, we saw a rabbit, which was nice. I liked how they had a variety of cactus plants and how they had signs for each of the cactus to distinguish which cactus you were looking at. The cactus garden a good size, probably about the size of 3-4 basketball courts. I'm just guessing, but I could be wrong. After the walk, we decided to see the factory, but when we walked in it was a store, we were kind of surprised, until I went all the way in the back and  I noticed that there was a walk way which allowed you to see their machines and how they prepared their chocolate. I was kind of disappointed because nobody was working their machines, this was the main reason why I wanted to check this place out, we must have came at a bad time. My wife deiced to buy some chocolate for herself and her co-workers. She bought sugar free chocolate for herself! Can you believe it! Sugar free at a chocolate factory! I made fun of her for awhile, but then I tried it, it was actually pretty good! It seemed a little pricey at first, but after tasting it, i think it's pretty worth it since the quality of chocolate seemed good. There's also what seemed like a drink/ice cream bar there, were you can purchase drinks and ice cream of course. We decided not to try any of those because it seemed a little pricey, but I think that I will try it the next time we go. There's also an M&M store at this location, but I don't think it's worth it, I walked in and then out because I realized there's an M&M building on the main strip and it's better to go there. Over all the experience was good, it's good to try something new and different. Their chocolate quality is pretty good and I would go back and buy some more. We plan to go back closer to Christmas because I see people posting pictures of Christmas light decorated cactus.
5	Great chocolates. Priced about like Godiva, but I think Ethel M is better.   Their white chocolate made a fan of me.  About once a month, we make a chocolate run from the far end of the Las Vegas valley to the Hotel California downtown. That's a 40 mile round trip journey for us so you know we are serious fans!  We have shipped gifts many times and everything is hand packed in large insulated envelopes with freezer ice packs so everything arrives in perfect condition.  If you haven't tried Ethel M, please do so!
1	Went to the chocolate factory had delicious samples and decided to buy some chocolate, while I was looking to see which ones I wanted their was an elder lady I believe her name is Judy. She rudely asked if we where ready so we told her we where still looking she rolled her eyes and sighted loudly throwing her gloves in the trash annoyed. When she came the second time around to see if we where ready we told her we had a question and left us talking to ourself and went to the cash register to fold boxes. Then a young African American lady came and helped us very nice lady. I was shocked at how rude she was I wanted to talk to a supervisor but my husband just wanted to leave and didn't let me.
5	I took my Mom to Ethel M since she wanted to go, having visited many years ago when they were still hand dipping. Nice little self tour, and you can spend a lot of time in the store perusing all the different chocolates. Best bet is to put your own selection together out of the case, you won't be sorry. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We came on a June day with record high temps, and Ski set us up with two ice packs.  Don't let the prices scare you off! Just bite the bullet, fill a small box with chocolates, and enjoy!!  Oh, they have  really neat cactus garden as well.
5	When in Vegas, stopping by this chocolate factory/cacti garden is a must, at least once! I love coming here, especially on your way home, last day in Vegas, stroll through the small factory, if you go at the right time, they'll actually be making chocolate. Then you get a free sample at the end, where you end up in their chocolate shop, and you can not resist purchasing a few of these intricate, oh so cute chocolates.Once you exit the shop, there is a cactus garden you can stroll around (maybe not so enjoyable in the heat of summer). You don't have to spend to much time here, but cool lil tourist stop.
5	We were on a long distance tour and on our way back from the West, we stopped in Las Vegas for the night and then on our very last day, we dropped by the Ethel M Chocolates which contains a very nice Chocolate Factory, plus Cactus Gardens.They have been making remarkable chocolate which has no preservatives since 1981 and remains true to the tradition and inspiration from Ethel Mars, the founder.During your visit, they will give u a free guided tour and you will be able to sample their chocolates, see their chocolate factory, find out about making chocolate and even experience their botanical cactus garden which contains over 350 rare and exotic plant species.I really enjoyed visiting their chocolate factory and had a very good experience and their chocolates taste Great and so will You!
5	Have been to Ethel M a couple of times over the years. It is always a treat to come here and watch them make candy. The candy is some of the best you will ever eat. The bad is it is expensive. Another good is you  can buy a piece of candy and coffee and go out side to sit in the sun and enjoy the warm fall morning. That is what I did. We did buy a pound for a friend but just a couple of pieces for ourselves. If you want M&M they have many colors to choose from. Interesting place to visit.
1	We had a very terrible experience at the Ethel M factory tour. As a local, we've never been to this place before so we decided to stop by while passing it by. We stopped by the gift shop as a request for my 3 year old daughter. We got her a small pouch of m&ms. As we were in line to pay, we witnessed a very rude employee by the name of "Sandra from New York". Not only was she verbally rude to this couple simply asking about the sale going on about the $5 blanket "with purchase", she was also rolling her eyes and shaking her head. I was in shocked. Brushing it off cause I was next, I nicely greeted Sandra and she never made eye contact with me. While she rang up my item I asked her about the blankets and didn't even answer it. She just proceeded to grab a blanket as if she hated to do that. Still no eye contact and no answer for my question, I asked her again.. "Can I get more than one blanket?" I assumed I could because the sign said "$5 blanket with purchase" nothing else. That's when she raised her voice and loudly said in a EXTREMELY demeaning tone "No! just one, you only bought 3 dollars worth of stuff". Shocked I didn't say a word, that's when my sister asked her to calm her tone. She then started arguing with us even louder. We stopped arguing and just wanted to get out of there. I then tried to get her name as she said "no I work here, don't complain" in again, a very rude tone. She then proceeded to scream over me when I told her I was only asking if I can buy another. Her coworker named Maribeth kept apologizing for her over and over again knowing she was in the wrong. We then asked for a manager and was told they didn't have a manager that day. I then went to their website and emailed them about my experience and nobody ever got back to me, it's been over a week or so. I will be returning to this place to speak to the manager.. If I ever find one.
