4	I came here for a "team building" event for school. I love go-karting! This place is awesome. It has rock-climbing amongst other activities. It's clean and new-looking, and there are nice cars placed around the site; the overall look of this place is cool and modern. (in comparison to Lemans/Fremont, CA, and Malibu Grand Prix/Redwood City, CA). In comparison to Lemans, they are less strict in flagging you down or making you slow down which is nice. This is an indoor go-karting park so you get the faster cars. You get about 16 laps/round, and they print out a nice fake racing sheet for you. When you check-in, they automatically save your info and race scores online (for bragging rights to your friends. hah!). Fun place, but be warned; don't eat the pizza. It doesn't taste good and I got sick from it. But what can you expect from a place like this?Ah, but otherwise, this is a great place for go-karting. =)
4	This place was great.  The key is renting the entire place out so you can race as many times as possible.  Maybe throw a birthday party for 20 friends and just race all night.  they have 2 different track to choose.  I prefer the one on the right, it seems you can go faster on that side. Regardles, it was fun to mix it up and get the adrenaline pumping.  The staff was professional and together.  For a night of diversification and fun, well worth it.  You feel like a kid. It does get hot in there so bring a t-shirt to race in.  Have fun out there and remember no "bumping" unless you are in my bedroom!
5	Everyone loves fun! At F1 Race Factory, fun is their focus. Safety is their MO. I came here in the fall of '06 for a work function. It was a team-building day, so while we did have to meet in a room and "talk shop," the people at F1 made it very comfortable and easy. We met in their big room (with couches, high tables and ample space) for our meetings. Breaks were then infused with team fun. We actually got to split into groups and challenge each other - see who could be the fastest team to change 4 tires on a real (thought retired) race car. My team placed 2nd. It was great! We got to do a practice run, and then two real runs to let our lowest time qualify. F1 was sure to have snacks and beverages handy after (and before) in case we worked up an appetite during the day. Lunch was served here, too. Tasty hamburgers made to order. After our meetings, we got to go on the track. Beforehand, we sat through a brief safety video and explanation. Then we were fitted for helmets and shown to where the action happens. I was nervous. I had never driven a go-kart before, and these were suppose to be the fastest in-door go-karts in Arizona. Uhm, yeah. Let's just say I had no idea what I was doing. Nobody explained the pedals to me, so I just assumed they ran like a car. I was right. I took off, not really knowing how many laps I had to do or where I was going. There were friendly guys out on the track to wave flags - for "wreck" ahead, slow down or even get out of the way of speed-devils behind ya. (I got the latter quite a bit.) At the very last of the race, somebody sped by me to place ahead of me. That means I placed last. That's okay. It was my first time out there, and while I spun my car around once or twice - and ran into the sides several times - I was just happy to be alive! To make the race fun, F1 gave us awards for 1st, 2nd and 3rd. I won an award, too - for being the turtle on the track. That was funny. All in all, I had a great time. While I would probably not go to back to race, I'd go back to watch people race or hang out in the "cafeteria" area, playing arcade games or munching on food. This is DEFINITIVELY  a fun place to send your thrill-seeking, speed junkie friends. You can get gift cards, too!
4	This place is awesome, we came on league night and while we waited to race a full on brawl broke out. The karts are decent and the tracks are pretty technical, bumping is taken pretty seriously here as were all kicked out on our last race. For more contact friendly racing check out Speedway Indoor Karting, but the karts aren't quite as good.
4	F1 is pretty sweet... cost is a little much but it's expensive to maintain all those karts and run a huge building and I'm sure the insurance is a killer too... Aside from that the racing is usually good as long as you go with your own group and don't get somebody who can't drive or at least understand to let you pass if they're all over the track with no driving line.  (Sorry technical racer here).Best nights (though busy) are when the open up the dividers and make the two tracks into one big one... SUPER technical and way too much fun.This is good for groups too as I know they have business team building events available.  We've done the beginning of a bachelor party here and birthdays a plentyThere's food there, though expensive and just typical bar food so eat prior to coming (just don't lose your cookies).  There's an arcade too for kids or whoever's waiting to race.  I think they had a climbing wall in there too... random?
3	I took my little brother here for a day. Had fun wearing our suits and racing around the track... but wish the tracks were a little bit bigger. It was kind of costly considering the size of the track, but there are so many different aspects of the experience it was almost worth it. Definitely something to try at least once. It isn't the type of thing I'd be racing back to all that often though mostly due to cost.
4	I'm Asian we love to race, I don't know why but its in our blood.  lots of space for a kid party or a corporate shindig.  I went during the week and had fun with one of my friends, people who raced with us brought there own helmets, a little advice, if people bring there own helmets there serious racers.   Go Kart Racing inside, nice touch.  Cass S. there is no pleasing,  the place is big I don't think  people go in there and say wow this is small.  Actually it really bothers me that Cass S wants more space. Take in should take in account business cost, price per square foot off the highway (can't be cheap plus) everything else.
3	"Building better racers, one go-kart at a time" should be the motto of this place, but it isn't...if it becomes the motto, my attorney will be in touch with them:)No, they don't build better racers at F1...they don't build racers...they don't build anything except, at about $2 per lap, your VISA bill:)You should know going in that you will want a bunch of laps:) It's just that fun:)This isn't really racing, despite what they tell you at F1Despite the fact that they give you your "lap times" and your "averages" and post "record laps", you shouldn't try to do anything but have fun:)The "racing" is against everybody from 16 year olds that think this is their ticket to NASCAR (good luck with that...yes, I know there are a bunch of racers that started out in karts...fast, expensive, tricked out, high performance karts...not these karts) to grandma, out there with the grandkids, trying desperately not wet herself as you turn 4 laps to her 1:)These karts have a lawn tractor motor and shiftless clutch/transmission...right foot=go...left foot =stop...they go about 25 mph and accelerate like my bicycle...you wear a helmet...you have to sit through a 10 minute safety and etiquette video presentation before you climb in a kart...you would have to really work at it to hurt yourself:)But, it is fun! My handsome son Zachary was in town to celebrate my birthday and wanted to take me to do something fun! He's a thoughtful and loving son:)Oven mitt golf was quickly rejected by Zach, as were a couple of other outdoor activities.But I used to race formula cars (open wheel road racing), so he thought this would be an entertaining way to spend an afternoon.He was so right!We checked in at 2:00 pm, when they opened and Zach and I were in the first group of the day...in fact we were the only ones on the track for the first race of the day (it was the best "race" of the day for me...just Zach and I, no rolling road blocks to contend with...BTW, the old man only won by 1/2 a lap...I'm still quick, even in these karts:)The rest of the races were almost as much fun...lots of people to pass, lots of spinouts to watch and lots of people to get a little pissed off at (they probably didn't really pay attention during the "etiquette" portion of the presentation)...but no harm done and nothing to race for except pride:)...no trophies presented at the end...no trophy girls to kiss and no winners check to cash...just another ding to VISA for more laps!Really a lot of fun! Until the VISA bill comes next month:)
3	Extremely pricy for the experience.  In a down economy I have no idea how a 15min race for two can go for $55.  The video games seemed very outdated.Yes, the race it self was fun.  The establishment was a bit empty, I'm guessing due to prices.  Maybe more for your buck here would make it a reasonable place to enjoy with friends.
4	Great fun for an afternoons entertainment with a group of friends. This was my 1st Karting experience but I will be back!
5	place rocks, so much to do, prices are reasonable for what you get, service is great.
4	This was another team building activity I did for a group of conference attendees in Scottsdale.  This ended up being one of the more popular activity options.   I worked with Darin in the planning stages and he was always willing to accomodate my requests.  We ended up having the entire place to ourselves.  Everyone had free racing to start with and my staff member called me to say that everyone was having so much fun she didn't think she was going to get them off the track for the actual team building portions. For the team building, we had them do a Pit Crew Challenge and a segway race.  The only negative feed back from the group was that having everyone participate in the segway race made it too long (there were about 45 people).  I wish I would have been able to join the group and try the karts but I guess I will have to go on my own time.  I would definetely use F1 again for another corporate event.
5	it was great i had a blast. Here the run down it was my birthday and i walk in and went to these computer to sigh in , We had a room set aside for us with some food and the n we race. Some of us race on the road some of us did not have licenses and other have not had there car for a long time . So if you8 have a big event come up make it this onn
5	This Place is Best on Grand Prix Night they open the whole track !!!
5	This place is awesome!! Membership is well worth it. Good job guys!
4	F1 Race Factory provides a good experience for go-karting. After 4pm on Sundays they combine both tracks so you get to drive a longer course. Purchasing the membership pays for itself in one day and reduces the cost for future races, although it's still kinda expensive fun. The karts themselves are kept in good working order and the staff are nice & helpful. They provide helmets, but you must tie your hair back and wear closed-toed shoes. I've never tried the other amenities available because they don't seem worth it at all, ie) arcade, climbing wall, bar & grill. Just go for a karting afternoon and have fun! You'll be sweating and you'll almost forget how to drive your regular car. :-)The one drawback is that you can't set up reservations so you may be stuck waiting for quite a while. Each race takes up a 15min block, so only 4 races take place per hour. If you want to coordinate a larger group of people to all part-take in the same race, you may have to wait over an hour.I definitely plan to go again, hopefully once a month on Sundays after 4pm to enjoy the longer course.
5	Fast cars. I hoped for less sharp turns to hit them faster. Use a coupon or you will get charged high prices for one lap. Long wait! Check in first then go somewher else while you wait!
5	Like a bunch of other reviewers, I experienced F1 Race Factory as part of a conference related team building activity for work. "Team building" is usually code for "I'd rather poke sharp pencils in my eyeballs" but this was a big exception! Lots of fun and the staff was awesome in accommodating our group.Highly recommended!
5	Had a blast at this spot ( and not just because i whooped my b/f's ass either on the track..bhahaha)anywho, we signed up and became members cheaper to do it that way if you think you will get the urge to race often. Member is $14 and some change and non member is $20. You sign up, pick a racing name that will permanently been yours forever and eva.. ( Sexyspeeder, right here :) ) you get a head sock you will have to wear under the Helmet, free t-shirt if you sign up also.  LADIES wear closed toe shoes... i had to borrow some of there's and lets just say i never want to wear rental shoes again.You can race as much as you want, take breaks in between or do back to back if you choose. On Sundays they combine the tracks together so its an even longer track. it was really fun, those little karts go pretty fast ( and they do take bumping very seriously..they will pull your grown ass over and scold you like a little kid if they catch you..i know cause they gave my b/f a talkin too) they keep track of your best lap and which place you came in and you get a paper that records all this... my #1 is plastered on the refrigerator! whoop whoop.If your looking for some competitive fun, try this place out. They also have food, drinks, rock wall, and arcade also. Also might be a cool spot to throw a kids b-day party also!vroom-vroom!
3	It was just alright. Nothing more, nothing less than that.The carts seemed to be above average in terms of speed. This was the best part.Price is insanely high in my opinion. I snagged a deal on Groupon, so this helped to ease the pain a bit.My one huge gripe and the reason I will NEVER return is the carbon monoxide.  It smells so badly that I was ready to pass and out die after just one race. I started my 2nd race to only quit halfway through to get some fresh air outside.Invest in some electric carts or a better air system!
5	awesome! had a groupon with some work buddies. we went on a weeknight...much better option as during our 3 races, there were only maybe 5 total racers, which lends itself to way more "going fast!". i'm sure it gets a heckuva lot busier on the weekends. i'm glad we had the groupon for the 3 races because the normal pricing seemed a bit steep. but it's all glammed out for the nascar in all of us. you watch a short video, donn a head sock and helmet and out you go. the carts are super fast (much faster than the rinky-dink ones we had as a kid). braking and sliding is just so much fun. remember though...it's not bumber cars! they will flag and remove you from the course if you blatantly or continually bump other drivers. because it does hurt....i got t-boned by one of my work buddies and my back was sore for a week afterwards. they serve beer and some basic bar food. there's a small game room (think 80's arcade) and the staff, although didn't seem to be too enthralled about being at work, were helpful. we have several more groupons for this place and can't wait to go back!
5	This place puts a smile on my face...ear to ear, baby!!  So much fun! I knew about this place for awhile, I remember hearing Carl Edwards talk about it on the radio one time, years ago. With my brother and dad visiting from out-of-state about three weeks ago, I suggested we check it out. What a great decision. F1 is not your typical go-kart amusement park let's take a couple of spins around the track and be on our way. It is probably that x100. I'm pretty sure the karts got up to 30-35mph. The slipping and sliding, and constant fishtailing makes for a kick ass ride.  Seriously, it's a great time. You won't be disappointed.  The only negative I could understand people having is that the prices are kind of steep. I would recommend to check out the website, which often include coupons and other offers and memberships.  (Also, check the website for their calendar of events. They do have different track options for different days, and they do have league races which could cause conflict.) Me personally, don't mind paying the money for this type of entertainment, it was a blast! Brought me back to my teenage days, I will definitely check out F1 again!
5	I held a leadership training and mini retreat here in August, we had a great time, professional staff, the racing is such a blast, our room was clean and stocked with drinks, the food was decent and everyone had a great time.  I recommend it for a team event anytime.
4	i was visiting my cousin in az and they had a groupon for 6 races. so we eat did one race.  about 14 laps. 10 mins i believe.  it was fun! i was totally having fun with it not caring about my "place" (which a lot of people take too much pride in, and i think they need to calm down cuz no one is really racing you so chill.) and taking every turn fast and whipping myself around, slipping and sliding on the track. haha way more fun then being all serious about it.  the turns are awesome! the only bad thing for me was my back had a fat bruise, it was really red, and it hurt like a b**** afterwards.. but im tiny and didnt really sit still in my seat with all the crazy driving. so yea i already knew that was going to happen. go check it out! its fun!ps. closed toe shoes! and ladies dont wear a dress! please dont. its by far one of the DUMBEST ideas. especially if its short.
4	Great time had by all!I recently had to opportunity to partake in the fun and excitement that the race factory has to offer via a work team building event. We reserved one of their private rooms; fully equip-ed with pool tables televisions to watch the baseball game and more food on the buffet than any of us could eat. They even have a bar; be warned though, save your "getting tipsy" for after the race because they have a two drink max to get behind the wheel. But you can get your drink on as soon as you are done. The drink prices are very surprisingly cheap, I think a bottle of miller lite was only $3. Nice!This place is great for a date night, birthday party or work event. If you get a certain package they will give you trophies too. I didn't get one though :-( damn car kept spinning out. I drive fast!Have fun! *beep beep*
4	I had a blast! Loved it and I didn't think I would. I little sore the next day as someone (my husband) crashed into me but would do it again. Wear closed toe shoes!
3	Why! Why must their be lame douche canoes to inhabit the place when we go out.  I took my girlfriend to this place because I love go karts and she had never been.  We signed up and watched the cheesy video the first timers must attend to (No phone service in that room! Couldn't distract myself! Blast!)  then we set up to go racing.  Well this was probably the worst experience I personally had.  Racers kept bumping into us and the employees were black flag gin us instead of them.  It was actually so bad that we just didn't even want to race again.  Cashier informed us thats a negative on the refunds even though we didn't even use the race, ah well.....Now I understand this is a competition, which is awesome, but if its on a with a lot of kids and obviously couples going out to have fun, tone it down bro..All in all, i was disappointed in this experience, cool place but I'll try the other karts around
4	Food the quality of Chuck E. Cheese, so be prepared.  However, this place is fun! The pit stop challenge, segways, and two tracks for karts.  Definitely, a very fun experience!
5	i've had these groupons laying around for months. finally we had the opportunity to take a friend from out of town here. it's always fun, Octane. nothing like pretending you are a badass, speeding in mini-cars and sliding all over place. luckily, we didn't have to contend with too many "professional" racers, although when the good ones pass you, it makes you want to catch up and have a duel of the fastest!a great, fun place  for an evening or afternoon of quick excitement!
4	We used a groupon to run a few races at this place. It's best if you call ahead of time to get an idea if there's a wait. It can get crowded and you may end up waiting over an hour to race. They have you watch a short 5 min video on the rules and what the flags mean. You don a sexy head sock, pick a helmet and strap yourself in. The first lap is at a slower speed so you get a feel for the track. There are two of them. After the green flags fly you're off!!! I think you run about 14 laps in one race and by the end you are unleashing your inner Mario Andretti. If you choose to race more than one time, you can have them schedule you back to back or with a break in between. If you choose to break in between you can hang out and get something to eat or drink at the snack bar. You are allowed to drink beer but they mark your wrist band to monitor how much you consume. Obviously they won't let you race if you're intoxicated.Normally they give you a print out of your race time but the printer was broken today so we viewed the results on the tv monitor. If you've never tried it before, it's worth checking out.
5	The bosses purchased some Groupons for Octane Raceway and took all of the staff. What a blast! This is the most fun I've had in a long while. I highly recommended this place. Press the pedal to the metal and off you go. I can't wait to take my nephew. Don't forget to check in on foursquare for their newbie special.
4	Great friendly service and a super fun time.  Food and beer aren't why you go here but are available.  Racing can be a bit pricey unless you find a discount such as living social.  Place is clean and the people working there seem to enjoy it.
1	Where's the management? My husband decided to take me there for a suprise. We arrvied there around 2 pm on a Sunday to a very empty parking lot. We arrived inside to find a large party. There was no direction for someone who has never been there. On top of that, the party had stragglers filter in, so of course they nonchalantly cut in line because they were there for the party. It should not work that way. We found a mix of 2 lines where we had no idea where we were supposed to be. After standing in line for an hour, the couple in front of us approached the counter to find out there was a 2 hour wait for a race. We didn't even wait to get to the counter before we said enough of this. There was no management around and found the laziness of the employees. We were disappointed in this place, but it's not really like one complaints going to hurt this. I just hope they learn how to be more effective at their operations and their customer service. You can train employees how to facilitate operations and when groups are known to come in, have them have a specific point of contact so the rest of us don't have to suffer for because we're not in their group.
4	This is a good operation and the karts are honest-to-God racing karts that are all fast and all in really good condition.  The staff on track knows what they're doing and are helpful and friendly.  The track-time-per-dollar ratio is a little on the slim side, but I know space and karts aren't cheap, and it's a heck of a lot of fun without breaking the bank.They also have leagues, which are an inexpensive way to fix your track jones and have some competitive fun doing it.   They even have a Junior league for kids as young as 8, who run the only slightly slower Junior karts.   The instructors here are top notch, competitive racers from around the region.My only gripe about the junior kart program is that the instructors don't communicate it through the lens of an 8-12 year old kid.   Kids that age can't be expected to come into the program knowing what an apex is, much less what a late one is or what it means to "hit" one, or what it means to "lift", or what a "heat" is, or what "track out" means, or any number of other terms that experienced track drivers inherently understand, but fresh-faced kids probably don't.   My advice to them is to think like an 8 year old and explain these things in language and terms an 8 year old can understand. It would also be nice if they spent a couple bucks on a printer that didn't break down every 2 minutes, so you could get your times there on the spot.But, these gripes are minor in the grand scheme of things.  Grab some buddies, make a reservation, and have a blast.
5	Octane Raceway.One thing I learned here - I like to DRIVE FAST. I came here with a friend that had a Groupon and we each did two races. Since we got there a bit early, we were able to watch a race go down before our turn was up. For a Friday night, the place was pretty slow. There were 7 people in our first race and 5 people in our second. After previewing a race, you won't think these little cars move that fast. Once you're in the drivers seats, these babies can goooooo. Luckily I was with someone that knew the ropes. No passing on the first and last lap. No slamming into other people (these aren't bumper cars, peeps), and get your game face on. If you go, wear shorts/pants and closed-toed shoes. You can wear a jumpsuit but I don't recommend it because you will burn up in it. Everyone wears a helmet. Most of all, have fun and be safe. Warning: After going to octane, you will get in your car and have a false sense of reality that you are a badass racer. Try to hold back from the urge to weave through cars on the freeway afterward.
4	Went to octane on a Friday afternoon. Its a spacious place, with lots of party rooms and pool tables. They even have a bar that you can get alcoholic drinks at, but the max is two (and for good reason). There are 2 racing tracks for you to get your racing fix. These carts get some good speed going! I drove 2 different karts, and the first ones handling was superior to the second. In the second one the grip was significantly less, which made for some frustrating tail happy racing. Prices could be better, but I still had fun and will most likely go back.
5	This place is awesome, the track was so much fun to race.  I also love the fact that my 10 year old son can race with me here (as long as he is at least 54" tall).  I have been to some of these kart places that require a drivers license.  Anyway, they have 2 tracks that they turn into one twice per week.  They let us race with the kids on one track but the larger track was much more fun (adults only).  I got a great deal on a groupon for this place and will definitely go back since my son loved it as well.
5	So, while looking at 101 things to do in Phoenix, I came across this place as #2. It sounded super interesting and top-of-the-line, because it had go-karting, pool, rock climbing and food, which is all a plus!!!My family decided just to play a little pool there and we were able to play 5 games within 1 hour and it only cost $7 per hour, which is super cheap in my opinion.Though I didn't go go-karting, the prices are about $20 - $30 and the races are about 12 minutes long. They have three different tracks and there's super nice.
5	Lots of fun. Seems a bit pricey for 12 minutes, but on the track it feels longer. Driving was easy to pick up for beginners. We paid for a membership, we'll be going back with the kids next time.
4	Was here for a team building evening this past Friday.  We had a great time except their computer system went down, we still got everything we needed, it just took a little longer....and no race stats, bummer.  I didn't want to not give 5 stars because of the computers, but one employee at the front desk was very short and rude with me and the members of our party, that cost the 5th star.  And yes, we were well behaved.  If we had not experienced her poor attitude all would have been perfect.
5	Ok, this place is WAY cool!  The carts are fun to ride and you can even play video games or shoot pool between rides.  My kids LOVE this place (ages: 14 and 18).  The food is nothing to write home about, however the amenities and staff are great.  My kids and I only go when I can find a deal on the races (Groupon, DealChicken.com and Weeklyplus has had them).  I just brought 6 cart rides on DealChicken.com today (12/12/12) for $57.00 and the package is valued at $126.00.  If you are looking for something fun to do with your kids, this is a must visit place.
4	Went here for a Team building at work. The staff was friendly. Just got sick from the fumes. I heard they are moving to scottsdale and might be getting electric cars. The place had video games and pool tables. Seem like a cool place to hangout.
5	Octane Raceway was wonderful! I was planning a surprise party for the fiance and Octane Raceway was the perfect place to have it. He had always wanted to go high speed kart racing and I knew it would be a blast for our friends too. I had an elaborate surprise that I wanted to go perfectly, and with the help of Nicki, I was able to book a great room (called the Morracco Room) where Eric could be surprised by all of his friends and family. I blindfolded and earmuffed Eric and brought him into the room where he was surprised with people (after I accidentally led him straight into the door lol) and then proceeded to play a video I had put together of friends and family's birthday wishes that couldn't be there because they were across the country. The video played perfectly in the Monacco Room (video and sound were awesome)and the surprise ending to the video was that I flew out his favorite cousin from Florida! We then all checked in, watched the safety video and did 2 races each. The races are pretty long around 12-14 laps each and every moment was intense and adrenaline filled! It's so much fun taking corners and turns super fast and drifting through. We all got really into it and competative which was the most fun! They email you the race results which is pretty cool! They have food and a bar so we got a little pizza and beers. You aren't supposed to really be drinking too much but they don't breathalize you unless you are acting a fool! We will definitely be returning and are even considering becoming members!
4	Went here for a work event this past Friday. I don't know if car racing is in my blood, because I barely pushed down on the gas during my first race, but our event host Jamie was very nice and gave us lots of advice in between our three races. I've heard that their rates are on par with other tracks in the valley, and I think it's reasonable for what you get. I don't know if I would go back because it's not really my thing, but I would definitely recommend it.
3	Fun times for the 11/13 year olds in the junior cars, but leaves your wallet bleeding afterwards. Seems like a poor value.
4	I have been to this place twice...both times for corporate events, so I can't really speak to the price.  It was a lot of fun and the employees treat you well.  We had food there that was also pretty good (fruit, veggies, sliders, wings, etc.).  They have drinks and a bar which is nice.  However, I'm kinda short (5'4") and the carts are a little hard for me to drive.  If I sit all the way back against the seat I can barely touch the wheel.  So I have to drive the whole time kinda hunched forward.  They are very concerned with safety and make sure that no one is trying to play bumper cars out on the course.After each race, they give you a print out of all the drivers and their best times that  you get to keep!  Overall this is a fun place for adults to blow off some steam.
4	This is a great birthday gift for anyone who is mobile and young at heart.  I took my hubby there this past weekend and he loved it.  We did one round which includes 10-12 laps and after that one time, we were done cause we couldn't hang.  I was so bad they called me off the track because I couldn't control the darn thing! In trying to keep up with everyone, I kept bumping into them instead and that's a definite no-no.  Once I was released from my time out I went slower than "Driving Ms. Daisy."  Needless to say I came in dead last out of the 17 amateur racers! Hubby did much better coming in at number 16...tee hee hee.  FYI: They are moving July 7th to their new location in Scottsdale.  Their grand opening there will be July 12th.  We just might check them out sooner than later.
5	I love Octane!  The staff is great, and very responsive to suggestions and open to hear feedback on the over all customer experience.  I've given alot of feedback and they have always been patient with me and listened to what I had to say, I know I can be a bit demanding at times but only with companies I plan on spending a lot of money with. There are many reasons to go to Octane A) Karting B) Play Pool (not many pool halls nearby C) Have a drink and watch friends do A or B.   I guess you can even go rock climbing and there is a pit challenge but I've never done either of those so your on your own with that.  Ok on to the racing, the track is narrow (for now) and the Karts are not gas but they are fun to drive and from what I hear the ACTUAL Octane Karts are on their way....which is cool.  I see reviews from some folks stating that they got bumped or they were bruised, etc etc etc.  Well part of coming to this track is understanding that there is a chance you might hit a wall, a fellow driver might bump you, etc.  However, controlling your kart and going slow to go fast truly helps you avoid such an experience.  Those that think they can navigate the track without hitting the brake and without planning their entrance/exit strategy out of turns really need to consider this in their next race.  It will also increase your chance of placing 1st, 2nd, or 3rd in each race.  The track crew is always willing to give race tips and many of them race at Octane on their free time.  I suggest you seek suggestions.  Actually I feel the food got better in quality from the 1st location in Phoenix, I was surprised (pleasantly).  I also like the outdoor patio area to see whats going on at the outdoor portion of the track, kinda hoping for something fun to go out there by the time the weather gets cooler.  Go here, bring friends, reserve races over the phone monday through friday as the new location is busier than the old location.  You will have fun here even if you have zero experience at racing at all, just please move over when the blue flag is waved ;)
5	Who knew you could there could be a go-kart place tucked in the Pavilions.  A friend had invited me to a VIP event last week and we had a fantastic time.  The registration process was very easy but due to the event we had to wait until 9pm to get our turn around the track.  This place is huge.  They have several rooms that are available for parties and a nice game room. "Don't bump!" can be heard throughout the track.  Some drivers get a little fast & furious on the track.  I will definitely be going back soon for my next race around the track.
5	I love this place! I have been going several times at their old location and that was always an amazing time. Abby D. did a surprise B-Day party for me there and even had my cousin fly out from Florida so this place will always be special for me. I just recently had the chance to check out their all new location on Indian Bend and they improved on greatness. The track now goes indoors and outdoors which adds a whole new element to the race. The karts are all electric, accelerate faster, are quieter, don't emit fumes and run a lot smoother. The new location also has an awesome looking outdoor patio where you can watch the races from. It was too hot to hang out there in August but I have no doubt I'll be drinking some beers enjoying the nice weather soon enough. I also can't wait to do a nice big event for my employees there because this place was made for corporate parties! So for sure go and check this place out you won't regret it!
5	Victoria for pre-race briefing is a necessity! That girl will shave seconds off of your lap time...... This place is fun, pints, real speed, plus Race Podium sick !!!!
4	The newest location of Octane Raceway has been open probably for a couple of months now so my 2 sons and I decided to check it out. Overall it was a fun and entertaining time. We rode in the slower kids karts that only go 25mph but that is fine as it was my 7 year olds first time riding and he was a little scared seeing as how he was driving himself which I thought was cool. Definitely a little pricey though. The annual drivers license membership which basically gets you a free t shirt and a free head sock and helmet ($1.95/visit) every time you visit was 12 bucks. Each race was a little over 20bucks. It definitely added up quickly. Games were fun but the airhockey game didn't keep the correct score and the motorcycle game had problems with accepting tokens. Finally, the food was decent, I mean it was  pizza and nachos. Lived up to expectations. All in all a great new spot at the Scottsdale Pavilions as long as you come in with the right expectations.
4	We come here every now and then, its fun and gets your adrenaline running. Haven't had their food yet, but the racing is enough for me. It sucks to be stuck behind some people but they're generally good with flagging those drivers for you to pass if you're faster. Don't really like the mew location, but we still drive there...
2	They were good when they were gas carts. Now it is slow, the staff is rude and the management is ruder! Save your money and go bowling or something. You'll end up with more adrenaline than racing around in electric karts!
3	It was fun.. but so pricey.  My boyfriend and his friend love it as it boiled the competitive juices in the them.  It's a pretty fun track but I just wish they would clean their helmets.  It smelled sour and like sweat, a big no no.  Other than that this is a fun place for kids and corporate events.  I say corporate events because its a good way to break the ice for coworkers and potential new hires.  If you purchase a package of 3 you can keep races that you do not use.  That's a plus, guess that means I will be back.
4	I went here with a groupon deal for half off for my birthday. Kart racing was a blast and the facility was very nice. If you don't have the groupon I think it's way over priced but would return if prices where more like the groupon rate.
3	I went for the first time today. I had fun playing the video games while waiting for the 5:10PM race but oh my gosh, it's SUPER expensive. Mine and my boyfriends total was like $47 for 10 minutes ~ EKKK!!! When I told the girl at the front desk it was our first time, her response was, "the next race is in an hour." I didn't even know it was at certain times, wish everything was explained a bit more.
5	I absolutely loved this place. Karts are awesome. Fast and good handling. The track was big and challenging.
5	This was a fantastic experience. I felt the energy as soon as we walked in the place. The first thing you see are real race cars and the go karts on the track racing.Check in was a breeze, our reservations were in order, our races were on time. There were three crew members on the track. They were professional, patient, and fun.The safety video and its instructions were clear and helpful.The karts were fast, stylish, and in great shape.The track is designed to give the feel you are going super fast. I understand why there is one race gap between races, the potential for adrenalin overdose is great, that and testosterone.The three pack race is the way to go. My first race had a big learning curve.This entire experience in a clean, up to date, modern facility was awesome!
4	Fun fun fun. Nice facility clean and fast go carts. My son loved the Segway too.  Nice location and very spacious. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because staff changed our race time without notifying us first. Not a huge problem this time
4	So, I have to admit, when I initially saw the racetrack and electric cars I was not convinced that this would be a lot of fun. How fast can electric cars in an indoor track really go?Turns out, pretty dang fast.This place is immaculately clean and they have plenty of activities to keep your group occupied while waiting for your time slot. Arcade games, a climbing wall, a snack bar to name a few.The race was a blast, you are given a paper copy of your scorecard and one is also emailed to you. The only reason I have rated at 4 stars is that it is a little pricey for a few minutes on the track and the wait time, we went on a weekday and still had to wait nearly two hours for a time slot.
4	Octane has a decent sized track with helpful workers and keep the experience fun.  There is a big outdoor section for those who want to watch and play yard games.Prices are a bit high in my opinion, but I don't frequent kart tracks. Good place, won't come back if I have to pay full price.
4	Good service, friendly staff.  Cars are good but a couple cars didn't have a good charge and were 3 seconds slow per lap.
4	What a great time we had with family and friends!A little pricey, but so much fun.
5	Outstanding fun! Fast cars and very competitive. Had a couple bump and runs and no warnings etc. Really enjoyed it.  I did not eat but the people with me approved of it. 2 drink maximum before driving.
4	Awesome!! Had such a great time. Would be a grat place to have a birthday party. We celebrated my boyfriend's 30th here ;)
4	This place is a blast!  Indoor/Outdoor Kart Racing fun.  You can bring the family or co-workers here.  A few of us in the office opted to come here one day after work instead of a happy hour get together.  We had a blast!  The best part?  You can still grab a Beer or two at the bar....so you can still imbibe if that's your deal.  However, you can't drive the karts if you've had more than 1 drink....so I recommend having a drink, then driving, then having more drinks afterward.Return Factor - 90%
4	Great place for young kids 11 and up.  Just be careful if you are reserving for a large group, this place will not answer their phone during the week, they will ask you to leave a message and if you can not pick up when they call you back, your out of luck trying to get a hold of them.  Not sure if Eve is the only employee during the week, if she is she needs help answering the phone. Know you do not need to pay for your entire group as Eve first told me. Other than that once you get their the rest of the staff is easy to deal with and very professional. The place is very clean.  The food is not the best, we ordered a pizza and it was straight out of a frozen box, at the cost of a fresh one.
5	So much better with the electric cars rather than the gas ones.  Just as much, or more, speed, as well you no longer have the "lag" when you come out of the corners.  Gets up and goes!  Plus...safety is always a priority and I like how they can shut down the cars if there is a problem, before they had to waive people to slow down.  Next time I visit my parents in the area...my dad and I will be back for sure.
