4	Remember 98 South Wine Bar?... or the 2nd 98 South Wine Bar?... or Fat Cat?  That space in Downtown Chandler has a new tenant, and they seem like a keeper.  DC Steak House is a rarity in Phoenix; a mid-priced, independent steak houses in a sea of chain restaurants and a la carte wallet busters.Looks:  Well, it does look fairly similar to the previous restaurants, except they changed the bar area and the art.  I like it.  It's elegant and not too dark or too partitioned.  There's a mural on one wall that I think the owner painted.  The place is a nice addition to Downtown, which is still fighting off the urban sprawl of mega-chains.Crowd:  Seemed happening, although it was Opening Night.  A wide mix of young and old.Food:  My eye was drawn to the large selection of fish, but I decided to go with steak at a steak house.  The salad was solid.  I especially liked the Italian dressing with a little Feta cheese in it.  Bread was OK.  My steak was great, tender, flavorful, and perfectly cooked.  Served with a (undercooked) baked potato, and sauteed mushrooms.  My friend ordered the walleye.  I was a big fan, but he said it was a little bland compared to what he catches in Minnesota.  Maybe that was a fish story.Value:  Here's where I thought this place shined.  Meals were in the $18-30 range, including salad and potato.  They have $10 sandwiches, too, but they're not served on Fri/Sat until after 9pm.  Seems fair.Service:  Service was slow, although it was Opening Night.  They also screwed up my friend's appetizer, serving him the wrong kind of wing sauce.  However, the people could not have been nicer.  The owner apologized and bought us desserts.  (Chocolate Decadence Cake was delicious, although a little rich for my taste.)  Then, the chef came out , shook our hands, and bought us drinks.  I felt like I was in a place where people would remember my name, even though they surely won't.Miscellaneous:  A lot of decisions haven't been made yet.  Will they serve lunch?  What will they do for happy hour? (a crucial decision in my mind.)  Even the menu will likely vary in the coming months.Verdict:  I don't go out for steaks often, even reasonably priced ones, but I'll definitely be back to DC Steakhouse to see my new "friends."  I've got my eye on the steak sandwich for next time.
3	Needs some work.  I really like the place, loved it as 98 South also with some good upgrades the restaurant is pretty much the same it is quaint but has the buzz that a neighborhood place should have.My wife and I went on a Saturday Eve.  The place was pretty full when we got there, however we were not greeted promptly and felt odd just standing at the door for a few minutes as a few waiters and food runners walked past us without even a greeting.When seated our waiter was young but attentive.  He did a good job except for never removing the salad plate which became a nice joke between my wife an I for the night.Our steaks (Rib-eyes) were very tasty however my wifes was very under.  Mine was slightly under but I prefer just under mid-rare so I didn't mind.  The table next to us also had an issue with steak temps.  This is where the restaurant lost me.  When my wife got her steak back the manager who had been going from table to table all eve suddenly did not check in with us to make sure the steak was cooked correctly the second time.  By the way he did check on the other table.  This left a bit of a sour taste in my mouth.  These are  the things that a restaurant MUST do to keep customers satisfied.  I found this a major flaw with the place.Now again the place is new and still has on its training wheels, but three steaks cooked improperly and an inattentive manager on a Saturday eve is a warning sign to me.  I will give this place a few months to grow and give it another shot.I really really love this kind of place and I hope that it was just a bad night!
2	I had to break the trend of decent reviews for DC Steak House, I really did want to like it.  Downtown Chandler has needed a place like this and we had really high hopes for it.They bill themselves as being between the lower end and the higher end steak houses and they nailed it when it comes to the final bill, sadly they didn't when it comes to the food.I honestly believe that this is the first steak house I have ever been to that would not let me substitute out the side house salad for a side ceaser salad.  The waiter told me that he could get fired if he asked the kitchen to do that for me.  Even the lower end places allow that.When it came to the steak, I ordered the $31 fillet which was probably a decent cut of meat, but my definition of medium rare and their definition seems to be very different.  There was no way that my steak was anything other than medium well.I wouldn't mind paying something higher than what I can get at the national chain places if I actually had a meal that was better than what I can get at those same chains.
2	Horrid service.  The steaks were okay -- the owner, the staff, and the service were an absolute nightmare. Don't bother making a reservation--it won't be honored. I had AMEX Centurion make the reservation two-weeks in advance so we'd have a good table and we still got shoved to the back of the restaurant for a "big party" that would be occupying the tables near the front windows. Quick Note: The "big party" never got seated before we'd eaten and paid the bill. BUT!! The big party people did show up in the bar area where we'd been seated (despite our reservation) and gathered all round our table for an OPEN-BAR happy hour thrown by the I'm flying solo, birthday girl herself and proceeded to get drunk and loud just INCHES from our table--sometimes butt-bumping our backs as we tried to hurry up and consume our steaks. The staff and management did NOTHING to remedy this problem other than to offer us a free round of drinks(we declined). We had to ask the people ourselves to respect our space, which with a large group of drinkers was pointless. Speaking of the management -- if you're a day under 70 the owner won't visit your table. A "manager" will come by one time and dispassionately ask how things are, but not the owner. He hung out at all of the tables chatting with folks from Sun Lakes.  No one who seemed to be in charge really acted like they were glad we came there to spend our money.  Actually, no one really was taking charge--leadership was in short supply.  The experience will make for an excellent business lecture someday.  The waiter: our waiter's service button was turned down to just a shade better than completely ignore. We had to ask him for everything including cracked pepper for the salads and water refills. Then there was the annoying blonde-ish girl behind the bar who, while attempting to be funny/witty, answered my questions with questions or equivocations.  And it goes on and on--if you've read to here you get the point.  There's not a surprise Disney movie ending where it all got better--it just got worse.  Don't waste your money.  I'd like to have more options in the Downtown Chandler business area and see restaurants stay, but I'll never go back to the DC Steakhouse.
5	We celebrated my wifes 50th birthday, had about 50 guests.  Dean and his team served up great apps, very good wine.  Wer had a simple menu, 9oz filet, 10oz lamb chop, atlantic cod and chicken.  I like my filet cooked "blue" very few place know how to do this well, melted in my mouth.  The food came out on time, no one gota a cold meal and no one had a complaint, given that hardly a scrape was left I would say this place really knows there stuff.  Excellent food, outstanding service, beats the hell out of Flemmings or Ruth's Chris and is a far better deal.  Going back for sure!
3	DC you have some growing up to do. You're a steakhouse acting like a diner...not a good mix. There are certain expectations with a steakhouse. Your food is heavy, so you anticipate spending some time digesting and enjoying a drink. Its is a place you plan on relaxing and look forward to great food. DC you need a little more time in the kitchen and quite a bit more polish in the front of the house... So, here is my breakdown. Your high points; your host, your prices, your wine list and your location. Your low point;, your wait staff, no draft beer, poorly prepared food.Your host is fantastic, seated us right away, was courteous and told us a waiter would be with us shortly and they were. We had 2 servers...not sure the point of that, it seemed like maybe one was training but she wasn't introduced as in training, so it was unclear but her service was marginal so maybe she was training, let's hope so.  We were seated and offered menus. Our 2 waiters knew nothing about the menu and made no suggestions. No worries, I know my way around a menu. The prices are decent. A fillet runs about $21 and comes with a side - baked potato, mashed, the usual. The appetizers didn't really jump out at me and the sides seemed pretty underwhelming so we munched on the bread and got dinner. I ordered my fillet medium and it came out oddly charred and grilled all the way through. I was disappointed but the steak was flavorful, wondered what it would have been if I had gotten it the way I had ordered it. So, here is the odd combination of poor service and food.  I ordered the baked potato loaded and it came naked. I asked for some butter and sour cream, as I had originally ordered and my waiter pointed to the butter for the bread, and said, You have butter....Gee, thanks. Tell me how you meet steakhouse expectations? Yeah, I didn't think so.  Thank god for your wine list. I can put up your marginal staff when I have a great glass of red in my hand. So, do I go back....yeah, I'll give 'em another go but plz stop charring my steak and we will get along!
2	Well...After reading the other reviews we decided to give DC a shot for Valentine's Weekend.  Not a good idea.  Once again they were not prepared for the crowd.  We had a 7pm reservation, called in 4 days in advance, and we were seated at 8pm with no menus, no bread, no wine, except us whining that we felt like this was an episode of "Hells Kitchen".  We had to laugh (group of 6) and we were not in a hurry, yet we had to ask for everything, server, wine, another wine, ect...  We finally got bread at 8:22pm, and after the bread the salad, and steaks came out pretty quick, but they could not figure out who's steak was who's...and the three women's steaks were all delivered to the wrong person, one had to be sent back, ordered M.R. brought M.W., not good...brought a new steak Rare...and the same person got shorted wine from the person as they tried to pour to all six  of us from a bottle of wine brought to the table uncorked with the cork in the bottle, not good...All of that on our first visit ever to DC, and they did not offer us anything for compensation, no offer, no nothing..."sorry we are still learning"..."thanks for your patience"..."It's been overwhelming" told to us by our server...It's really too bad, nice place, nice people, my steak was perfect and I love the fact that they serve every steak with sauteed mushrooms...love em, and the price point of the menu is right on...Wine list could be better especially for a "Steakhouse" they are competing with some heavy hitters in the Southeast Valley, they better step it up a bit...Crazy thing is everyone wanted to go back to give them another try when they aren't busy, go figure...not sure I will.
4	I'm a little hesitant to write this review after only one solo visit, but it's a new place so here goes:Service:  My server was as good as a server can be.  She was knowledgeable about the menu and the actual food preparation.  She didn't chat me up, but she got everything done.  I was there late on a weekday and she never gave me that feeling that she would rather be doing her sidework and getting home instead of dealing with a single bum like me.Food choice: The menu is pretty complete.  It's not cheap, but they include salad, bread and very nice choice of potatoes.  After the last places here, this is a nice change.  They serve walleye (WalleyePike actuallY) and it was pretty good, pan-fried with flour (LIKE IT SHOULD BE!).  For those of us from the Canadian-influenced parts of Midwest, this is a nice find.  There was something about the preperation though that wasn't like I remember it.  Maybe it's because they used olive oil instead of butter or too much of it or cooked it too long.  It was good, but not great.Bar: The bar crowd seemed like the young professional crowd.  The thing that made my night was the fact that they had Campari, which is sort of my drink.  If they have that, I'm guessing they have a pretty good selection, because most non-Italian places don't stock Campari.Ambience: I was there at 9:30 on a Tuesday, so it's hard to say.  The room is nice, a little different than before.  There is a little bit of an effort to partition out the bar which is a nice touch I suppose.For now, I'll give it a tentative four stars, definitely not five.  I need to go back to confirm, but I'm not afraid to by any means.  Bottom line: $19 walleye with bread, salad and beautiful baked potato + Damn good service + Campari == Four stars.  For now.
4	Well we have been several times and I must say they are very good, food is great!, Service is excellent and the menu is elegant.  Last visit I jad my usual filet mignon cooke "blue' and a lobster tail, man that was good eating!  Good job DC keep it rockin!  Would like to see a broader wine list, what they have is good but adding a bit more variety would kick things up a notch
4	Despite some of the other mostly lukewarm reviews (which usually impact our decision to try a new restaurant), we decided to brave it. After a short 30-minute wait (not bad for a busy Saturday night) we were seated and served drinks promptly. I ordered the first Cabernet on the menu and  (recommended by our uber-cool waiter Gavin) and it was good...in fact they do a pretty good pour. The interior looks completely different from the 98 South days, but is still really cool with murals of a "downtown Chandler circa early 1900's with a bit of contemporary flair." There is outside patio seating which is fantastic on a spring night. While many were dressed casually (shorts and golf shirts), this isn't a pub or bar atmosphere. I'd recommend it for a date night or pseudo-nice evening out so dress comfortably but not flip-flops and ripped jeans.I'm sure the place is fine with kids, but I'd recommend against bringing them unless they're really well-behaved since there's a lot of hustle and bustle. The bread was warm and fresh.Our salads were also fresh and uncomplicated, and the wasabi cream dressing was really flavorful.I ordered the filet mignon and my hubby ordered the pike...they were both cooked to order, had great flavor and very tasty! They must have listened to some of the reviews and gotten it together because everything from the service, ambience, apps and entrees were great! The prices were really reasonable ($24 for a 9 oz. filet, with bread, salad and baked potato.) Unfortunately we were too full to handle dessert, but we'll definitely be back to try that too.I'd actually rate DC Steak House 4.5 stars if I could, but Yelp doesn't have that as an option.)I recommend you check it out and see for yourself!!
1	We wanted to try this place since it seems like it was a nice small local place. I had reservations based on the reviews here but we tried it. The place looks nice when you come in but the paper doilies place-mats should have been out first clue. Our experience here was not good. The bread is not fresh made but rather warmed only. I ordered the grilled chicken and my husband ordered a small fillet. We both changed our starches that came with the meal one from baked potato to mashed (boxed and lumpy too not made from scratch) and my husband to veggies. The menu doesn't say anything about up-charges for those items and neither did the waitress. So when we got the bill and we got an up charge from my baked potato for $3.00 to mashed I was amazed as well my hubby had the same up-charge for his veggies. We both also got a $2.50 up charge from changing our garden salad to a Cesar salad as well. The chicken was overcooked and the fillet was the smallest thing I had ever seen there is NO way it was the right weight. I tend to think that if they could have found a way to up-charge for the ice in our glasses of water they would have. Skip this place until they figure out one how to make fresh bread, real mashed potatoes and weigh a steak properly. Oh and don't forget to ask if the ice is an extra charge too.
4	Classy joint!Took my wife there on Saturday night.  The atmosphere was casual but you wouldn't be out of character if you dressed up a bit.  Centered in the newly constructed down town Chandler, where you can walk around and enjoy yourself before dinner.There were plenty of food portions to choose from.  Any where from 6oz up to 20oz as far as steak was concerned.  Other choices include pork, and chicken dished.You can get the most bang for your buck there:  You get a salad, cooked mushrooms, and a choice of loaded potato or sweet potato fries.My only complaint was that the salads were made of iceberg lettuce not anything fancy. Dessert was good too.  We ate a cheese cake and we had the option to choose from raspberry, strawberry, caramel or chocolate sauce.  We choose all four and the cheese cake looked like a rainbow thanks to the suggestion of our waitress.  Over all, food was good to great, and we got the most bang for our buck then we would have going to most other steak houses.Paleo Watch:  If you eat a Paleo type of diet this place is very easy to maintain your diet.
4	Great atmosphere - dark wood and white linens.Filet mgnonn was tender as any good steak house should be.  They do grill their steaks here, something I think is important to know as usually I like mine done seared then finished in an oven.  None the less it was good.  Took my pop here and he like himself a sauce such as a bearnaise, but they did not offer this.  Even a peppercorn sauce would have been nice - but like I mentioned before, they grill here and I find grillers like the taste of the meat and don't count on sauces.  Sorry pop, deal.Entrees come with baked potatoes, fries or sweet potato fries.  Of course I had the baked which was perfect.Mandy at the bar served us and she was fantastic - very knowledgeable, upbeat and accommodating.We will be back.
4	I dodged this place a few times due to the lack of reviews and low stars...but i somehow ended up here one night and left with a very happy and full tummy. The atmosphere here is very nice and i guess can be considered on the romantic side. From the get go I loved my server, he was attentive and was funny as well which is a plus in my book!They have steaks, salads, seafood etc. We had some breaded eggplant to start and it was very good. You also get bread and oil/vinegar to start with as well. Now the entrees... the lover had the special fish that night and i had the king crab. THE CRAB!! came with the top of the shell all sliced off for you so no cracking, messiness!! i absolutely loved this concept. I was still able to be lady like and eat it with my fork. this is my new go to spot when I'm in the mood for crab. actually get to enjoy it instead of it feeling like a job by getting the dang meat out. also they keep the butter warm over a candle( it's the simple things in life that make me a happy girl).I'm not a steak girl so I can't say the steak here is good but I will vouch and say that every plate that passed us looked amazing!
4	A friend suggested this place and we decided to try it on Friday. I was pleasantly surprised! Great service. We tried the calamari and it was good. I had the wedge salad and liked it. Also tried the filet - well done! -  and it was cooked perfectly. My suggestions for improvement would be expanding offerings of wine by the glass (great selections by the bottle --Duckhorn!,), but pretty limited by the glass. Also, desserts - chocolate cake too rich and little cupcake a bit stale. But I would definitely return.
5	Great steak, friendly service and good atmosphere! What more can you ask for?
4	I came here with my friend's Groupon.  I read some of the reviews, and I was a little hesitant, but I thought I would give it a shot.  I saw one review about the crab, and it was an amazing dish.  My friend and I split the surf and turf, as I do not eat beef.  The crab shell came opened, which is a major plus because I usually make a mess opening up the shell.  The crab itself tasted delicious.  We sat near the hostess, and she even made a comment that the crab smelled so good that she had to go outside to avoid being hungry!  My friend enjoyed her steak and would give it a 5 out of 5.
4	Excellent downtown Chandler steakhouse. Much better value, and in my opinion better steak, than Flemings. Filet is excellent and comes with salad and side, great price for around $25. Still not the steak you would get at Ruth Chris but then again its half the price.
2	Every time we are at downtown Chandler, my husband and I talk about this place.  "We still haven't tried the new steakhouse".  At first I saw all the negative reviews and didn't want to go anywhere near it.  Then, as their star average improved, I added it to my huge bookmark list.  We still didn't end up going there for a several months because I was waiting for a time when we were properly dressed.  It seemed like a classy kind of place.  I always peeked in there wistfully as we walked around the corner to Paletas Betty, eyeing the candlelit white linen tables, well dressed couples sipping martinis at the bar and catching a few notes of jazz music wafting out the front door as the pretty hostess in her little black dress opened it wide while greeting patrons.Our actual experience there did not live up to these expectations.  When you look a little closer, you see there are paper placemats on top of those crisp white linens.  And the smooth jazz music gets overwhelmed when the restaurant is more than half full and is absorbed into the annoyingly loud din in the place.  And the bar?  No draft beer, the bottles they do have are $5 a piece (and they must store them warm b/c the hubby got one that was so skunky he could barely finish it) and the markup on the wine list (by the glass options) was high.  I paid $10 for a glass of something that would cost $16 a bottle retail.I am giving them an extra star because my fillet was cooked perfectly and was very tender.  But this may be due to the fact that I always order my steak medium well.  From the other reviews, it looks like if I had wanted it rare I would have been out of luck.  The sweet potato fries that it came with, however, were bland and undercooked.  A huge disappointment since I really love sweet potato fries.  These tasted like they came frozen in a bag.  And the generic, supermarket brand bag, not even Alexia or the ones they have at Trader Joes.  Don't even get me started on the salad.  A sad little pile of extremely wilted iceberg lettuce with a couple of slices of cucumber and some croutons.  I know it is a steakhouse and so most people are just there for the meat, but seriously it was pathetic.  One of their specials that night was that you could add a small lobster tail to any steak for just $10.  I was super excited about this since I LOVE lobster.  It was served out of the shell, always a plus, and with both a lemon wedge as well as drawn butter.  Unfortunately, no amount of butter could drown out the overwhelmingly salty taste of the piece of rubber in the shape of a lobster tail that was on my plate.  I wanted to complain to my server but she was MIA for most of the meal.  By the time she reappeared we just wanted to get out of there.  I doubt we will return.
1	First off, this place looks like a great date place. The kind of place you can can bring your girlfriend and please her while still getting your grub on. It isn't. To say this place was a major disappointment is an understatement. The Good... I ordered steak and ribs and these were okay. The place looks real nice, intimate. The Bad... The price on everything because... The place is crazy loud and the tables are so close together you can't get to the bathroom w/o bumping someone. The Service was pretty bad. My beer was expensive and tasted awful. When I brought this up, she didn't care. Further she was hardly ever around. I had to pay extra for my side Cesar. My Wife, had an even worst experience. Her food was Awful. The lobster was overcooked, tasted bad. Her salad was awful, borderline spoiled/wilted. our sides were undercooked. Then I had to listen about all this for like 3 hours. To top it all off, we paid premium prices as if this place was Flemings or something. Seriously, if you want okay steak go to Outback or something cause this place is only going to ruin your night.
5	Simply put it was a great meal. I was hesitant to try this place because of the low yelp ratings, but it looked so nice I had to try it. Plus they said they would give my friend a free glass of wine because it was her birthday. Nice wine list (will let you try samples before you buy), attentive service, nice ambiance, tasty salads included in meal and the steak was AWESOME!!!!! Seriously melted in my mouth tender buttery fabulous filet. I hope this place gets busier because it was really good. Great date place for the east valley!!!!
3	My husband I decided to give this place a try to celebrate his birthday. First we ordered the calamari which was super tasty and the helping was generous. We ordered the ribs and chicken, the chicken was moist and flavorful, the ribs however were a disappointment. They were dry and very bland, we only ate half of the serving and decided not to take the remainder home. Overall this place was pretty good, I would be willing to give it another try, minus the ribs.
4	I ate here for the first time recently with modest expectations, but I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the 18-ounce bone-in ribeye. It arrived at my table cooked to perfection, and it was tender, juicy and full of flavor. For my side I had sweet potato fries, which were delicious. Also, the bread that came with the meal was very good, while the salad was average. Service was spot-on. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to enjoy an above-average (albeit pricey) steak dinner in Chandler.
4	The salad totally sucked, and the service wasn't great, but the steak was fantastic and made the visit worth it.  Don't put a dirty green cherry tomato on my plate...
5	We love it!  Service, atmosphere, people and the steaks!  Simply the best Filet in the East Valley.    Yes I have eaten at all the higher end steak houses, Ruth's Chris, etc...   But those were $20 per plate more and no better .  We will likely be regulars here along with our friends for a very long time. Great job Guys!!
5	Always have a fantastic meal and amazing service!!  Great prices for really good food.
3	Maybe 3.5.Like the location...old downtown Chandler.  For those of you who are from Chandler (old school) you can really appreciate how it's been redeveloped.Food...not bad.  Service....not bad.  Value....meh.It's not on our rotation, but we've eaten there 3 or 4 times.  Worth a try.
4	we have been going here for over a year, Dean and team do a great job, best steaks in town, good service fun staff and they know their business.  Broader wine selection would be good but the reserve wone list is a good step in that direction.
5	Loved this place, the ambiance was great, food was perfect (steak was highest quality and cooked perfectly) Wine selection was good.  Will recommend DC Steak House to all my friends and family.
5	DC you've wooed me back and made it to the top of my A list. How'd you do it?  let's go over the details. First, I felt like a steak and a place were I could walk around, maybe even have after dinner drinks at another establishment or at your bar and listen to live music, your location fit the bill. We arrived on a Saturday night, and you were jumping, tables were filled, staff was bustling. The hostess was gracious, told us she would get us a table right away, and she was dressed to impress. I like it when I go to a restaurant and the hostess, dresses like she is dressed to invite you to a great party, nice touch . Once seated, our waiter came right over. Perfect,professional, attentive. Cocktail time,I ordereda sidecar, a personal favorite, but not always well known by bartenders. Yours turned out perfect.So, with cocktail in hand, I went straight to the menu. The menu and prices have changed since I was last in. I found it very affordable, so affordable, I added the lobster tail ad grilled asparagus to my order. My meal was fantastic. I loved the filet, my sides, the dinner salad. It was all great. The only wrinkle was my waiter's lack of knowledge about wine. I had a few questions and she did her best but it was clear,it was not an area of the menu she was familiar with. Overall, I had a great Saturday night. A band played in the bar, while I ate. My husband I had a great date night and I got to dress up, while he threw on a clean shirt, we both fit right in and really enjoyed ourselves. Thanks DC, your changes are great, your interior improvements are lovely and I can't wait to come back.
5	This place is a hidden gem! Great atmosphere and great food! We started with some excellent Calamari then ordered steaks. The filet and ribeye are awesome!
5	We visited on Saturday night for a late dinner and couldn't be happier with the service, ambiance and the food!  Ordered the swordfish and it was amazing.  Contrary to another review I saw the entree's were reasonable and include a salad and loaded baked potato or other potato option.  The salad was very good as well.  Try it, you will be happy you did.
3	My husband and I recently visited here with friends to celebrate an anniversary dinner and chose this restaurant because of the reviews.  We had previously visited for drinks and appetizers the week before and had a good experience. The service the second time around was extremely slow, service took about 3 hours from the drink order to dessert (on a Wednesday night)...The filet mignon was excellent, one of the best I've tasted, rivals or better than Flemings, Mortons or any of the other high end steakhouses, but I was extremely disappointed in the rib-eye...very thin, tough, fatty, not at all what one would expect if they were paying $33 for the steak. Side dishes were ok,...wine list not impressive..not sure if I would go back again..
5	Awesome!  We had a small party even here on Sat. Night. one of our guests from Milwaukee had a great desire to go to this steak place.  Service  was great, and food even better.  I had the petite tenderloin and added a small lobster tail with it.  The loaded potato that came with the meal was the best comfort food along with the steak and tail.  Husband had the small prime rib serving that they have on special that Saturday night.  We were 8 adults and we all had fantastic food, can't say enough about this place.  It is in historic downtown Chandler on the square, kinda like New Orleans French quarter, very hopping that evening.
5	The walleye was great the best I have Had since I was back in MN last year
2	Kind of saw that it was 3.5 stars and thought a new experience would be nice.  WOW! wrong it was an experience I will not be doing again.  Ordered the Prime Rib (Special for Saturday NIght) very tough and lots of fat.  Ordered Medium and it was more rare.  Using a serrated steak knife to attempt to cut the meat it was more of tearing the meat.  Good taste but poor quality meat.  The shrimp pan fried on the other had was excellent.  If the owners really want this to be the go to steak house they've got some work ahead; both the product being served and the service.  While I saw some excellent service at the table next to us, the service that we received was ok to fair at best.  There appeared to be a gentleman that was either manager or owner but only stood in the door and not once did I see him mingle with the guest.  I wish he had I would have love to share my feed back with him if he was either the afore mentioned.This place at best is a want to be fine steak house.
5	I don't know if they were still working out the kinks when these review added that aren't positive but this place is GREAT all around.  Great food and great service what more could u ask for!
5	Great place fresh food very good service can't miss. Wisconsonians own and opperate this quaint steakhouse.
4	If I could go 4.5 I would!A year and a half ago I gave this place 3 stars on bad service and fair food.  Thanks to groupon I made my way back to DC Steakhouse in Downtown Chandler last night and I am glad now to give them a great review.First it was a Wednesday night and the entire place was packed!  A good nice vibe going on in there with a good mix of patrons.  My wife and I joined some old friends and another restaurateur in the valley and were seated promptly.  On to drinks.  I started out my night with a Gimlet (nice hot day and I had played golf) my wife a wine.  Both portions were very good, as were the drinks of our companions.  So a major plus there.  I really dislike paying premium dollars for a good vodka and getting what I would consider a small pour.  If you are going to charge the big bucks for drinks (there's weren't big but not cheap) then give a good pour, and they do.As far as our server goes, he was top notch, on top of us and our needs but not in our face and really that is all you want with a server, so major points there.Onto the food.  Since my wife and I are trying to loose a few pounds we each started with a salad (very large and fresh) and followed it up with splitting the 10 oz  NY Strip.  The meat was seasoned well and cooked to perfection.  It literally melted in your mouth as you were chewing it.  Our friends (including the other restaurant owner) had veal chops (2) and the fillet and both loved it.  So after a year and a half of staying away I am happy that the ownership at DC Steakhouse is doing well and have won me as a customer.  We will be back as this is the exact type of place that we Chandleridians (is that a word) need.  Good food, a bit upscale without being pretentious, and good service.
2	This place is a nice little spot in downtown Chandler they have an awesome selection of local brews as well as a great wine selection. Unfortunately, the food was impressively mediocre. The salad and fries were obviously thrown together in a few seconds .fries appeared to be store bought thick steak fries... The meat was high quality and so was the service. Beyond my overall impression was blahh.
3	I went to DC Steakhouse Monday evening.  Was seated immediately.  I restaurant never got crowded, but did have a fair amount of business for Monday.Service was excellent.  Our server was prompt, brought drinks right away, knew the menu very well.  No complaints about service  5 stars.So my friend ordered the petite filet, and I took the servers advise and ordered the strip.  We both ordered our steaks medium-rare.  I told   the server I was not afraid of rare, and would rather have it more rare than less.  He assured me they cook true rare.   Both our steak came out medium to medium well.  In my mind, unacceptable in a steak house, particularly when I made it clear I wanted it truly pink in the middle.  I should have done like I have to do at Black Angus or Outback and order it rare...and hope i get med-rare.All their steaks come with sauteed mushrooms on them.  I am not against sauteed mushrooms...but if you're proud of your steak, why would you put mushrooms on top?  My feeling is...they're not proud of their steak.Sides were very good.  I saw a wedge salad another table ordered and it looked great.  The cocktails were great.So...not so good steak, hidden in sauteed mushrooms, but very good service and cocktails.  I would not go back for dinner.  I could get the same quality steak cheaper at a chain place, or go to a good steak house and get what I wanted.  I see no reason to go to DC Steak House for a steak.
2	Ya know, it's really tough to enjoy a meal when your experience with the hostess rubs you the wrong way right when you walk in the door.  We met some good friends there this past Thursday, and were there to use our groupon.  They have a two year old - which normally isn't even worth mentioning, but that's where it went horribly wrong with the hostess.  For some reason, she looked down on us - and not just because she's taller.  Basically she said they had a table in the back where we wouldn't bother anyone with the "child".I realize that restaurants such as these are normally quieter, more intimate, less rowdy, so it's not what she suggested, it's how she said it.  Our friend's child happens to be very well behaved, but she assumed we would be a distraction or a nuisance.  The fact that she was a ginger, while not affecting her poor courtesy, is still worth mentioning.The server was attentive, for the most part, with the exception of drink refills.  I can't comment on the quality of the steak, because everyone I was with who ordered steak ordered it wrong (medium well / well done).  The food, for the most part, was forgettable, and unfortunately, we will not be back.  Luckily it was a cheap night thanks to groupon!!
4	I've been to DC Steak House about 5 times now, and will continue coming back when I'm in town.  They have a nice location in "downtown" Chandler.  Parking can be a bit challenging at times, but I suppose that is all part of the "downtown" experience.  DC has a fairly limited menu, but they always have a few specials to supplement the menu.  The quality of the food is quite good, and matches the prices well.  They know how to cook a steak, no doubt about that.  You'd think that would be a must for any restaurant claiming to be a Steak House, but it's not always the case.  The side dishes compliment the main course well, and they have a nice beer and wine selection.  Service has always been good and relatively quick, even with a large group.  If you live in the Chandler area, or are visiting, DC is worth checking out.
5	Wow! This was the best steak I have ever had! Beautiful clean restaurant, great atmosphere, linen tablecloths & napkins, friendly service, delicious fresh bread, wonderful salad, perfectly cooked filet with great flavor, no fat, & serious tenderness, &  tasty sweet potato fries! This place exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be returning! Our server Daniel was wonderful as was the entire dining experience!!
3	So let's start by putting DC Steak House into perspective relative to their price: Due to the pricing of their plates DC Steak House is competing with Flemming's, Ruth's Chris, Morton's, City Hall and even The Keg. Upon entering the establishment we were warmly greeted, quickly seated and the waiter was on top of taking our drink order. However it was a bit unusual that the waiter never went over the menu, never asked if we had any questions or made any type of presentation. He simply just kept checking with us until we were prepared to tell him what we wanted. We decided to order calamari (as the appetizer) two Filet Mignon's, a loaded baked potato, steak fries and asparagus for an extra side. The calamari was slow to come out of the kitchen but was pretty good - I've had better, I've had a lot worse. Next up were the Filets (which took even longer to serve) that had a perfect grill mark presentation. Our sides appeared to be thrown on the plate and the "loaded" baked potato is a plain potato, still wrapped in foil, that you must finish preparing yourself. The steak was decent tasting and they use a very high quality cut. After I made my own loaded baked potato, and removed the foil, I realized the skin wasn't even salted, grilled or.... made that appealing. Our asparagus was over salted and... well ... I just wasn't very impressed with anything thus far.As a matter of fact - If I had tasted these steaks VS. ....dare I say .... Outback that Outback would come out ahead in the flavor category (even though they don't use a high quality cut) and it's 1/3 the cost. When you start comparing the other restaurants mentioned DC Steak House can not compete in any category (Food, Service, Decor, Drinks, Bar...) Summary: If you want the best or need to impress then go to any other steak house mentioned in my first paragraph. If you want to eat here to say you've experienced it - then go for it. It's not bad.
4	Great steak, great service.    The desserts really need to be brought to the next level. Our waiter expressed to our table that they were standard and by the looks and tasteless cheesecake. He was correct
4	We went to DC Steak House with a Groupon, because as I have mentioned before, I love steak.  The service was good.  Everybody was polite and prompt (although the restaurant was not very busy).  The vibe was intimate and classy.  We started with some wine, which was good.  I'm no wine connoisseur though, I'm easy to please.  The salad was average.  It was a simple side salad, exactly like I would make at home.My boyfriend and I both I ordered the filet mignon with a baked potato; mine was medium and his medium rare.  I felt like they both came as ordered, although I neglected to ask him his opinion.  The steak was juicy and tender, the potato was a potato, and my only complaint was the heavy taste of charcoal at the end of the cut of meat.I would go back, but I admit I'm more likely to go to Outback if we're comparing value.
5	My sisters and I had dinner Sunday night.  Greeted at the the door by Mandy the hostess with the mostest sets the mood for a very enjoyable night.  After martini's and wine we  were ready for dinner.  By the way, try the kiwi strawberry Lemondrop.  Yum!   Daniel our waiter took care of all our needs without hovering.  We had Lobsters and a bone in ribeye cooked to perfection.  We love to keep our money in our neighborhood and will return often.
5	Can't believe we haven't ate here yet! I love the ambiance, a nice break from the super casual norm in DT Chandler. Steaks are very reasonably priced, a perfectly cooked 6oz fillet for $22, including salad, a starch, great bread and great service. We will be back for sure!
4	It's been a while since we got to do a kid free date night, so we decided to try DC Steakhouse. I had heard some nice feedback from friends on them. We decided to go on a Sunday night thinking that it would be slower (and easier to find a baby sitter), and made a reservation for 5 pm. When we arrived, we were shocked at the full house. Yeah, that means that they must be good, right?  They had one table left, basically right in front of the door, and we were fine taking it.   We had originally planned to get an appetizer to split; however, nothing offered really appealed to either of us. We decided to get a beer (no draft) and a glass of wine. I almost always get a filet at a steak place, so I went with the medium size one so my husband could get a chunk of it too. He was so thrilled to see lamb chops on the menu, and quickly decided up it.  About the time our salads arrived, our waiter came back to tell us that they were out of lamb.  =/ Hubby was very disappointed, and changed his order to the smaller NY Strip. The salad were average...standard iceberg type mix with romaine. When our meal arrived, I was a bit surprised to see the potatoes wrapped in foil, but just quickly peeled it off. My filet was AMAZINGLY fantastic...perfect medium rare and so tender it was like butter! An item worth returning for without a doubt!  My husband's Ny was ok. He ordered his medium, so it had a heavier char taste (smoky) and was no where near as tender. He happily scarfed my exterior pieces that were more done, and we brought about 1/2 of his home. We decided to try one of the desserts, and when with the key lime pie. I was a bit surprised with the first bite to taste coconut.  Overall, I'd rate the desert simply ok. We'll certainly be back, but neither the NY or the key lime pie will make the menu. Again, the filet was amazing and totally worth a return trip.
1	So, I tried to go here last night with my mother and daughter...we walk in and its 5:45 on Tuesday. Yes, there were people eating but there were also plenty of open tables. The hostess asks if we have a reservation and I let her know that we do not as its a TUESDAY (not really prime eating out day..) and its 5:45! She then informs me that they are totally booked for the evening with reservations. So, I really felt like she didnt care that we were here to spend our money and I felt like she was rude. She offered no help nor did she even try to accomodate us. That's fine by me...we just went to The Keg and spent our money there :) Which by the way was DELICIOUS and I will NOT be going back to DC.
3	That's a funny coincidence that another reviewer said they would probably go to Outback instead of DC Steakhouse for the value. When I was eating here last night I thought the same exact thing. Wouldn't come back here without a Groupon. If you're going to pay that much, you might as well go to Capital Grille or Fleming's.Came here because of a Groupon. Got the calamari appetizer. It was decent, but I've had better. Shared the 20 oz porterhouse with baked potato and steamed veggies. (fyi: they charge $4 for a split plate) We ordered the steak medium rare, but it came out closer to medium -- I think this was because the servers neglected to bring it to our table when it was ready; we saw it sitting under the warming lamps for quite a while. I would've sent it back, but the person I was eating with does not like to send food back and plus we were hungry. We both thought the steak was pretty salty too.
5	For me, DC Steak House is great. Service is very good, owners friendly and accomodating. My favorite is the bone in rib eye, better than Flemings (which I've had). Add a small lobster tail for $11.00. For fish, the walleye is outstanding. Been there many times and never had a bad meal.
1	My family ate here three times and two out of the trips was horrible and the other was marginal. The service was bad, we never saw our waiter and when we asked him for something he took forever to come back. Everybody except me ordered medium well steaks, I ordered a well done steak and had to send it back three times on every trip. For the price of the steak I ordered I should have been able to get what I wanted. We decided to write the owner a letter describing our horrific experience and they never wrote back! They didn't care to fix the problem. So we tell everyone of our bad experience and we will never go back.
2	I believe this is the third time that I've this place and I already forgot all about the food. Is pretty uneventful and kind of pricey for what you get.I had the rib eye which was burned on the outside and a little over cooked. It seems that it was too close to the source of heat or something like that.The only interesting thing were the mushrooms that came with the steak. Those where tasteful.Unfortunately nothing to highlight about the food.The service was bad and it took forever. I mean, over an hour to get our food or so.The waiter was trying but he didn't do a great job. I'm sure the kitchen didn't worked for him either. I also tried the hamburger and it was barely OK. At the end, I volunteered to pay my part (including some extra money for the shared dishes-calamari and fried mozzarella sticks- but then the waiter divided it by customer.I overheard him saying that he charged somebody the wine (which I didn't try) and somebody else the shared plates (I guess I owe them some cash for that haha). I thought that was hilarious (in a wrong way).The only good thing (I guess) is that that incident took my memory to my college years where cheap mofos always used to hit me and my friends with the bill taking off the booze (since we always drank) but divided in equal parts the rest (with all kinds of shizzle that they use to order).It's amazing how people can forget that they had a soft drink (that it's never free), that they stuck their forks in the shared dishes, that they ordered a desert with Kahlua, fire, and ice cream made out of opossum's milk and gold paper with a tag way higher than 3 drinks. And of course, douches always forgot that there's something called tip!I don't need to say that when I use to go out with that people, the bill was always a s@#$ show!Oh, the good'al years. I don't miss those douches at all lmao!Fortunately my new friends are not chepos!
2	I came here with a great group of friends for a Sunday Dinner / Birthday Dinner.When I see the name "Steak House", my mouth immediately salivates because I am thinking of steak houses like Mastros City Hall, Flemings, etc. Unfortunately, this steak house is not even up to par. The food was very meh...nothing to get excited about. The service...horrible. It took over one hour just for us to get the food. We kept looking around the restaurant which was not even busy on a late Sunday afternoon for our waiter and he was no where to be found. All in all, don't waste your time here. The steak at Outback is better and cheaper.
1	First time at DC Steak House and most likely my last.  Had the strip steak and it was OK, no complaints.  No matter how good the food could of been, the terrible service by "Danny" ruined it all.  Believe we were there for almost 45 minutes before we even ordered dinner.  Thought maybe he was fired a couple of times since we didn't see him for so long.  It was a Sunday and not busy so could only imagine how bad things are on a Friday or Saturday.  A friend of mine that works in the industry called and spoke with a manager and guess he really didn't much care.  So, glad business is good that you do not have to care!  There was a group of 7 of us and this place will probably not see any of us any time soon.  Keep up the awful service and not caring and I'm more than happy to take my business elsewhere.
1	I left the restaurant fuming.  What a waste of money for all the aggravation! Our family tries to support local restaurants and have been to this location 3 times previously.  This is NOT a family friendly restaurant.  My kids are 5 and 8. They do not have a kids menu so the previous time we ordered an adult entree and had the kids share. Today  we paid for 2 extra sides for the kids to share.  Our bill for the 4 of us was $88 dollars.  I noticed a $4 "sharing" charge which I was not charged the previous 3 times.  I asked the manager  CHRIS WALTERMAN to remove the charge because it was 2 small kids sharing and explained that we were never charged this before. He absolutely refused.  I told him how upset that made me.    ..yet he wouldn't budge.  He was talking to us in front of 2 other tables yet he did not care.  I asked if I should take the $4 out of the tip and he stated again he did not care. Well I do care!  Can you imagine having a supervisor like that? What happened to customer service?  This manager certainly does not know.  He was also doubling as the bar tender.  I have never posted a review before but I feel all should know his policy. FAMILIES BEWARE!!!!  The table behind us was having the same issue. as they too had to small kids.  I hope the owner's take this review seriously.  School moms love to talk and my experience will spread though out the school.   I am going to email the owners and hope that they reply.  It seems that other reviews had service issues too.  At this point I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND this restaurant for families!
2	After first three visits within two months of this same visit, this would have been 5 stars but the last visit was very disappointing. Four of us all ordered 9 oz. medium rare filets that came out mostly brown without any red. I immediately told the waiter who was quick to agree to take it back to the kitchen. I saw the communication through the window and the cook's first question was, "do they want it cooked more?"  Really???  Waiter came back and told us 'it was the light' that made the steaks look more brown. Although it may have been a factor, the steaks were over cooked.  Waiter never said a thing again even though we twice mentioned the steaks were not cooked correctly. No offer to take anything off our bill and no apology if anything did not meet our expectations. As a former Wisconsin resident, and knowing the owners are also from there, this is not how Wisconsinites run a supper club!!  I can no longer recommend your business. Sorry.
3	Honestly, I know everyone really likes this place but I think it's just alright. For the price of the plates, you're really just paying for your typically nice steak place. The atmosphere is very elegant and dark, so it's a great date place and the food is good. But I wasn't blown away by anything here in particular. I've had friends who've said it's the best steak they've ever had, but I disagree. To their credit, my dad makes the best steaks on the planet (with the exception of one place in Park City, UT), so I've been spoiled on real steak all my life!
5	Amazing service, steak, and price, need I say more?
4	Stopped in at 9:30 on a Thrs. Orelia (aka "O") was our server . My wife and i have conflicting work schedules, it was nice to see a nice place open that late.Very happy with the service ,food and prices. Not sure what people are complaining about . For $23 I got a salad, AWESOME bread, and a 14 oz ribeye.( ohh and great service). My wife had the Salmon, it was cooked perfectly. The wedge salad is Huge and covered with tasty bacon. Reasonably  priced beer and wine. (PBR$3-Kiltlifter-$5)Only thing I would say that was not perfect, I ordered my steak med. rare and it was closer to rare but had great flavor. I will prob try the fillet WHEN we go back.
4	Based on the reviews from Trip Advisor, I decided to try this local establishment. We called and left a message for reservations as the restaurant was not open during the day.  My request for the outdoor seating was granted.  We arrived at the restaurant and it was not crowded, but for a Tuesday I think doing just fine.  The waitress was good and explained the meals to us.  The prices here are above average, but that is OK.  I didn't want to go to a chain restaurant.The appetizer we started with was a Zucchini which was just OK.  Not bad, but OK.  Wouldn't get it again.  The main meals came out and we were surprised.  I had Veal and Lobster and the Lobster was great.  Sweat and tender.  The Veal chop was good, not great.  A bit tough, but flavorful.  My guests all had fish and they all said it was delicious.  When I polled everyone that was there, they all agreed that this needed a second trip and that it was worth the first trip.  I will go again, try a different dish and support the local owner.  You should too.
3	The good: My fish was excellent! The martinis were shaken perfectly.  Our server was really nice and even offered to write us a list a places to go since we are new to the area.The bad: Who still makes a house salad with iceberg lettuce? The ugly: The manager was super cranky when we asked him to snap a quick photos of us.
4	Great place.  Had wine and wings on the patio.  Nice way to spend a cool evening with friends.  Service and food was very good.
1	Hello Fellow Yelpers,I apologize in advance for the length of this review.BUT I now understand the statistics I recently heard from Anthony Bourdain...93 percent of restaurants fail due to service and management...not the food or location. I lead two Meetup groups with over a hundred members....I bring folks from both groups and my company to DC despite some minor issues with their food. That stops now.Their host/manager has been repeatedly rude and unprofessional to my clients and group members...last poor experience was tonight...an older, shortish, balding man who thinks he holds the key to Bukingham Palace (night of 5/31 was last experience with him). He needs to be replaced, DC owners...he will continue to drive away your loyal customers.On the bright side, tonight we decided to simply leave and go to Vintage 95...amazing, fantastic experience....my large foodie network and I have now moved on to better places. Goodbye DC...I was a major advocate for you...no longer.
5	Went to the DC twice this last week while visiting. Both times I went in late for dinner and had the Filet Mignon - wow! It was terrific! I ordered it a tad over medium and it came out perfectly cooked. It was so tender and delicious...my mouth is watering right now thinking about it! And what a value.. any steakhouse you go, to you pay well over $35 for the meat alone and get ala carted to death - not here! The steak was priced in the $20s and included a soup or salad, as well as a side dish! Oh and mushrooms! Mushrooms alone can cost you $9 at other steakhouses. ( Just went to another steakhouses website and priced out my meal...at those "high end chains" my meal would have cost $52! )I just love the atmosphere! The dark lighting makes it feel so intimate and the murals on the wall are beautiful! Another plus - its family owned and operated! Hate giving my money to all the big chains! The owners are from Wisconsin, so you know you will get that great midwestern charm!
5	I am in love! This is my new favorite "something special" restaurant! We celebrated our 32nd anniversary there and everything was perfect. Our reservation was honored immediately, our table (by the front window) was just private enough, the service was excellent and the steak! OMG! If that wasn't the best Fillet Mignon I've ever had it is sure a close runner up. It was perfect cooked. I can hardly wait to go back again! As long as the food and service remain this good, I'm a fan for life.
5	All I can say is this was one of the best steaks I have had in a long time.  Service was good as well.  The restaurant is not huge which is nice sometimes.  I read a few of the reviews and wasn't sure what to expect, but I came away wanting to go back!
5	Went to DC Steakhouse for the first time on Sunday, June 23rd with my parents.  We had made reservations and were seated right away.  Our waiter, Gavin was extremely friendly and attentive-I'm always thirsty and the poor guy had to refill my drink about 3 times throughout the meal and never had to ask me what I had after the first time.  I ordered the filet mignon with lobster tail and baked potato-I had asked for no mushrooms on top but my meal came with mushrooms.  Not a big deal, I scrapped them off (I'm also pretty sure he gave me a 9oz rather than the 6oz but my dad confused him with his order) so I won't hold it against him.  For dessert I had the key lime pie-delish!  I'd definitely go here again, my dad almost knocked down the partition wall they had setup and they were extremely gracious about it.
5	The rib eye was fabulous.  The mushrooms superb.  Service was great.  Bread excellent...and butter was not hard as a rock...nice spreadable butter.  Salad could have been served on a cold plate with a cold fork....always like this touch...but that is about the only improvement I can think of.  We will return.
2	Had a Groupon and even with it I was disappointed.  Ordered the porterhouse and ribeye.  Both were not grilled well at all.  It was not charred on the outside and almost tasted like it was pan coked - bad grilling job.  And the steak they use is obviously not the fancier cuts.  There were constantly "chewy" pieces, indicative of lower quality cuts.  Tasted like Outback Steakhouse, but at least there you are paying less and know it will be bad food.  Bad food, overpriced, cheap quality meat, and poorly cooked.
2	Disappointed, will not return. Ambiance is blah, one large open room with table and chairs and a bar in the rear. Service is lack luster. My salad was pathetic looking plate of greens. The lamb chop was ordered medium (which means not rare) but alas it was quire rare in the center. To top off the bad experience was the price!Chop on Queen Creek is a much better choice.
4	We visited the DC Steak House on a Friday night. There were 4 of us. We were tucked in the back corner of the restaurant, which was fine because it was less noisy there.  The food is amazing and the cocktails totally rock! I can't stop thinking about the Lemon Meringue pie martini. Wow!! Everything we had was amazing. I loved the calamari and my filet was 'like butter'! So good. I deducted one star because the waitress was less than nice and really rushed us. She had terrible customer service skills and we did not feel welcome or appreciated at all. I would categorize her service style as cordial impatience. Our bill came to $400 so you would think she could have been nice. I guess she had somewhere to be because she left before we did. When a server blows out your candle at your table, I guess that means it is time to go.  Incidentally, the manager (could be the owner?) would take breaks outside the side door next to the table where he sat. He would smoke and drink out there in our view and by the look on his face when he took a sip of the carmel colored liquid on ice, it was NOT cola. I thought that was kind of tacky especially when he walked back in the restaurant past our table stinking like smoke. Would I go back? Perhaps but they really need some image/customer service training.
2	The fillet was excellent. My wife's salmon was overcooked, so we returned it.  The next salmon was cooked properly, although I make a better salmon on my grill than what we were served - it was average. Generally, when you send food back that was cooked improperly the restaurant will comp something, but that did not happen. The server also did not mention that to substitute asparagus for the potato is five dollars extra. Otherwise, the server was attentive and friendly. I mentioned to the manager on the way out our experience and instead of offering to make things right he said he wished he had been informed earlier. DC Steakhouse has prices that reflect upscale dining, but is not run to the standards of a fine dining establishment.
4	I cannot believe people say the steak at Outback is better! If you appreciate the QUALITY of meat at a mice steakhouse, ignore those opinions. Last couple of times I went to OB, ordered the filet, told my husband I just don't want to bother anymore, as the meat is very blah, not worth it. Thus VERY happy to have found DC in the last year! If you are a sucker for seasoning salt flavor, you might not appreciate DC. If you can feel and taste the quality of a high-end cut of meat, you might be pleasantly surprised by the price point here. Steaks are 1/3 to even 1/2 what the big guys charge (depending on which high-end chain you compare price to).We have been to DC 4 times now, great quality meat (filet, NY, Porterhouse) NOT camouflaged in "seasoning" to hide mediocre quality like Outback. Good glasses of wine, sides are typical steakhouse good, but about 1/2 what the big dog chain steak houses charge. Bread is fresh & warm. Atmosphere is nice, warm, dark-ish but not cave-like. Classy but not fussy. Great wall mural, nice use of historic space. Happy to support a local biz when we want a steak night for less than $100. I jump on the coupon every time it gets released, as we are happy with full-price here. Discounted?! AWESOME.Basically, when we want the steakhouse experience (rather than grilling it ourselves) with a good quality cut of meat, we head to DC. Great balance of quality & price.
5	This was my second visit to DC Steak House. Both times I have been very happy. The 14  oz Rib Eye is flavorful and was cooked perfectly (medium rare) each time. The add-on lobster tail was worth every penny of the $14 extra dollars, buttery and delicious.. Personally, I won't bother with the DC style again - $11 for a couple of stalks of asparagus, two good-sized, tasty shrimp, and a drizzle of hollandaise sauce Is a bit too much in my opinion. Both times we went we had a reservation and were promptly seated. Service was attentive but not intrusive. Even though we had a Groupon (which we presented as soon as our server greeted us) service was still top-notch and we did not feel that we were treated differently because of the Groupon.  I would recommend DC Steak House for a special night out.
4	Super romantic & filet was cooked perfectly.   Loved sweet potato fries.  Used a groupon otherwise would have been pricey.  But it's nice to have a good steak house on east side.  The frank Sinatra music completed the setting.  Will definitely be coming back.
4	Great steaks. One of the best we have ever had.  Service is very good and friendly but still professional. Each course is timely, not rushed nor too slow. Atmosphere is comfortable, music volume  is perfect.  Will  be coming back.
4	From the moment we walked in to the moment we left we all were satisfied. My son and I had the New York strips which were cooked perfect and very delicious. My wife had the salmon and it was unbelievable. My daughter said the chicken sandwich she had was the best she had ever had.The waitress was very attentive without being interruptive and in your face. To top off the evening, the dessert was to die for.If I had to find something wrong it was that when we arrived, the background music was too loud but as more and more people came in it leveled off.All in all it was a great dining experience.
4	Good food, a little pricey but service and quality are very good.
4	We just celebrated my son's birthday at DC Chandler and it was absolutely FABULOUS!  We always go to Flemings or the Keg but no more, DC Steakhouse is better.  The atmosphere is fantastic and the food is out of this world.  The best part is it is a local restaurant!  Our table had the surf and turf, filet, lemon chicken, lamb chops, prime rib and lobster tails....all amazing!FYI: they do charge a fee if you bring in your own cake, which we learned but that is part of the business and well worth the small fee to enjoy a meal this good!!!!We will be back!
1	Very disappointing!!Luckily we had a groupon.It took over an hour between our salad and getting our steaks. Our waiter was like Casper. We would have had a bigger tab if we would have seen him more than once.Food was pretty good but not really anything special!
4	My husband and I decided to have a random date night on a Tuesday evening. He planned for us to try out DC Steak House at the recommendation of his friend. It was busy for a Tuesday, but they were able to sit us on the patio without a reservation - but I totally recommend making a reservation so in the off chance it's packed you'll have a spot set aside for you. I know right, you're thinking why didn't you make a reservation when going to a steak house...well we didn't it was that last minute so just take my advice and try to plan ahead because you might not be as lucky as we were. Anyway, I ordered the 6 oz Filet and it was delicious. It was so soft and juicy - A+++. I also ordered the potato and garden salad (it comes with the meal and is not a la carte like I thought it would be, so that was a plus!). We also ordered a single side of grilled asparagus - superb...and it was a large portion for being a single. The only thing that stopped me from rating this as a 5 star was the quality of service we received. The waitress was nice and very polite but everything was running slowly and our meal ended up being about 1 hour and 40 minutes long...major UGH! It seemed like she said she would be right back with something and disappear inside for about 20 minutes and then come back to us and not have what she said she would have. Again she was very nice, but seemed like either she was new or she had too many tables to also cover inside, I couldn't tell. For example - I ordered my potato loaded and it arrived completely plain. The waitress said, "Oh wait, that was supposed to be loaded, let me go grab the toppings." We thought, yes, okay that's great please do. When 15 minutes went by and she came to check on us without the toppings we just decided to tell her to take the extra $4 charge off the bill because after that much time we had already eaten 3/4 of our potatoes. No biggie, but we did not want to be charged for what we did not even receive.I recommend the food highly. Make sure you have some extra time in your day/night so you aren't shocked at how long the meal might take to: have your order taken, your appetizer brought out, your salad brought out, your meal to be brought to you, anything extra you ask for, your check to be brought out, your check to be taken and change to be given, etc etc.Again the food was yummy. Oh and I almost forgot - get the Carrot Cake!
3	The dining room was at capacity when we arrived.  Thankfully, I had the foresight to make reservations, as we were seated within 10 minutes of our target time.  The hostess was fantastic, wish I could say the same about our waiter, who was as elusive as the mythical nessie.  Granted, the place was packed, so I gotta cut him some slack, however, I really cant extend the same graces to his lack of personality and charm.An onion ring appetizer kicked off the culinary cornucopia.  There were about 8 decent sized beer-battered rings, somewhat overcooked, served with a ranch dipping sauce.We both ordered rib-eyes, one bone-in.  Each came with a house salad, and a choice of frys or baked potato.  We opted for the 'loaded' option, sacrificing a pair of Washington's in the process.  The house salad was a standard iceberg mix accompanied with a single slice of cuke, three black olives and a trio of commissary croutons.  It was standard fare.Milady had to ask for bread.  It was ok, slightly warm, paired with cold butter.  We both got to try our hand at "maim the french loaf".The water and arnold had a hint of chlorine, so either they don't filter their water/ice, or they're trying to battle green algae.Now, all previous grievances can be overlooked, based on the performance from the star of the show.  The rib-eye was pretty good.  Not $38 good, but it was tasty.  Great char marks, and cooked to order.  It came with 3 delicious mushrooms.  I'd suggest popping the additional $3 to secure a side of them.The baked potato was medium size, served in tin foil.  It wasn't piping hot, so it took a little longer to melt the butter.  The loaded option included crumbled bacon, sour cream, chives and shredded cheddar, well worth the up-charge.For a high-end steak house, I wouldn't rate it in the same class as Fleming's, Morton's or Houston's, and for the price, your money would be better spent at those places.Understand, I'm not trying to slam DC... it was good.  But for the money, if DC wants to compete with the big boys, they need to visit their competition and take some notes.With that said, I'd rather not see any patronizing responses from the establishment's representatives thanking me for my comments and stating that they strive to create an environment and product pleasing to everyone.  Replied like that are worthless, and show the disregard the author has for the customer's constructive criticism.
2	Went to DC Steak House for dinner with my family on a Sunday night.  This place was packed!  I am glad that I had a reservation as people were being turned away.  Getting seated was a bit of an issue.  Two parties that came in after us were seated before us.  I had to speak to the hostess to ensure we got seated.  The food was great we all enjoyed our meals.  What I did not enjoy was a lot of additional charges.  I did not find out the "small charge" until the bill arrived and no substitutions are allowed.  So if you do not want a potato you have to pay extra for a vegetable.  Even though they are the same price on the menu  These extra charges increased my daughters meal almost 50% and this is not acceptable.The food was good but the service issues may prevent me from returning.
3	Visited on a Sunday night and it was packed.  We had a reservation for two and were seated promptly upon arrival. Waitress stopped by fairly soon after and took our drink order. Seemed fine except our two drinks (a beer and a house wine) took about 10 minutes to arrive.  When we ordered, I asked how marbled the top sirloin was. The waitress did not know what marbled meant and had to go to the kitchen to ask someone.  When she returned, I then inquired if they served steaks "oscar" style. She said yes but it was a $15 dollar additional charge which seemed like quite a lot given that the top sirloin by itself was only $21.  She then said that to add a lobster tail was only $12.  Based on her responses, I had no confidence in her and chose to order the fillet with sweet potato fries.  I asked if I could get mashed potatoes instead but she said it would be an extra charge as if I ordered a separate side of mashed potatoes.  I don't like that but at least she told me before I ordered it. So my wife and I both ordered fillets and shortly our salads arrived.  Nothing special here, just basic iceberg, average size.  After that, we had to ask for bread upon noticing other tables with bread baskets.  I was troubled that we needed to ask for it given this "upscale" steakhouse.  Fortunately our food arrived in a decent time and was cooked appropriately for both of us.  My wife ordered the baked potato loaded and it came bare, but immediately they brought out the toppings to correct it.  Our food was perfect and was truly the highlight of the night. In addition to our steaks, I ordered a side of asparagus and it was wonderfully prepared and delicious.  However, after the food arrived, we never saw the waitress again until well after finishing our meals.  So the food is great but the service leaves a lot to be desired both in timeliness but also in knowledge and courtesy for an upscale place.  We used a Groupon otherwise this place may be a crap shoot based on what type of server you get.
1	Horrible service, bad overpriced food, My wine took 40 minutes to arrive at the table and the waitress had forgotten what selection I ordered, 30 minutes for salad and 1 million excuses from the waitress ans to why everything had gone so horribly wrong but no apologies from her or the manager who also seemed completely disinterested and aloof.  I wanted to talk to the manager but we were running so late that I literally had no time to discuss our experience and once our food arrived we ate as quickly as possible to be out by 7pm which did not happen anyway.  I was charged $5 for sharing my $48 dinner with my 7 year old as she did not realize to order a $48 meal was still way more expensive than ordering the 6oz filet and a kids meal. I thought that was absurd of her especially since we ran up such a high bill and to boot the crab legs were inedible. Not one person at the table went beyond sampling them. They were super salty, rubbery as if cooked 20 times and they were cold as if they waited for the rest of the food to be ready.  Also once the food arrived our waitress pulled another disappearing act, she turned out to be very good at this. My husband got up on 3 occasions and flagged down other servers to assist us, I think that is very bad especially for a place that charges along the lines of  Flemming's, Morton's, etc. My steak was decent. Salads were nothing more than an afterthought and they wanted $5 extra to switch from the lame house salad that comes with the meal ( a plate of lettuce doused in dressing)  to a Cesar salad when a Ceasar is only $4 on the a la cart menu- that makes absolutely no sense!!!  I paid $53 for a bad plate of food and horrible service that made us late for our event. We had 90 minutes to get in and out which should have been plenty of time but we were there for 2 hours and that's only because we ate as fast as we could., the place was fairly empty when we arrived but we still ended up missing half of our event. The filet was good, not great but good, the potato was dry and the salad was like I said, very bland with no though into what went into it. If you want to be known as an excellent high quality establishment you need to BE an excellent high quality establishment.
1	How do you run a business without a phone.  Their reservation system sucks.  Great food....OK service...but really....answer your frigging phone.
1	we wanted to make reservations, but that's done by the answering machine. We did however have reservations when we arrived. One good thing.The ad said half-price drinks, wine and appetizers during happy hour, which is 4 to 6. We arrived at 5:15 and were met by a very gracious hostess. We informed her we were going to the bar to partake of the happy hour specials and for her to  find us at six o'clock for our table to which she agreed. We ordered a bloody Mary and a glass of white wine, the crab cocktail and an order of hot wings. 25 minutes later we received our appetizers. I was unable to eat the wings. They were like rubber. The bartender did remove the eight dollars from the bill for the eight wings. The rest of it came to $30.92 with tax. I was informed at that point by the bartender that none of the items ordered were included in the happy hour prices. Upon entering I asked the hostess if we could transfer our bar tab to our dining tab. She informed we could. The bartender informed us we can only transfer our drink costs to the dining room.Our server was outstanding. He brought water and warm bread with butter immediately. We each ordered the 14 ounce ribeye rare with baked potato. I was unable to cut the bottom of my potato skin with a steak knife, it was so hard. The potatoes were wrapped in foil which steams the potato. I don't care for that, some people do. The steak had a good flavor but a great deal of fat and grizzle.I enjoy it with the three small button mushrooms.Upon leaving, I attempted to voice my concerns with the hostess. She was completely uninterested. I am a retired chef of many years. Included in several of those years I was president of the restaurant chain that covered the whole US. Although they were busy, I can't imagine why. We will never return and of course, let our friends know what we thought it.The Chandler area must be desperate for dinner houses.
5	I am very surprised to see negative comments about DC Steakhouse. We have been there 3 times and each time we were more than satisfied with the service and the food. My husband and I usually go to Ruth's Chris up in Scottsdale for a great steak dinner, but the ride usually means one person does not drink more than a glass of wine. (far drive)I am so glad we found this place, it is close to home and has a great product. If you had a bad experience, try them again and tell them about your last experience. If they don't know, they can't fix it. I was in the food and beverage industry for 22 years and know first hand about bad service and food. I always asked my guests to tell me what they thought of the service and food before they left our restaurant, so I could fix the problem. Needless to say, I had a great following in those years.
4	Didn't plan on eating here for dinner but glad I wandered in. Beautiful restaurant. The steak was perfect, the sides were good but nothing spectacular. Bar, high top tables, and traditional tables make it less formal.
4	Im a steak snob so I take leaving a review above 3 stars for any steakhouse a tough thing to do. This place earned it!Asked for a bone in ribeye (of course), asked for it heavily peppered and salted before cooking and that they would give it a good char. VOILA! It came out great!What was not good was that the other party made the mistake of ordering the chicken, it was dry and needed to be sent back. It came back out, equally as dry. Stick to the steaks here, the ribs are also quite good. We sat on the patio and had acceptable service. Oh yea get the loaded baked potato.HIRE MIDGETS AND THIS PLACE WOULD BE SUPER COOL. JUST SAYIN
5	Foxy Ladies of Robson Ranch we need to dine here!  Fabulous atmosphere, great service and delicious menu with lots of choices.  Shopping is convenient as well!
4	I really like this place. It's upscale and not a franchise.  The steaks are great and service is good.  It's nice to have this establishment in downtown Chandler.
4	DC Steak is a great nice restaurant without having to go in old town or Scottsdale. I consider myself a steak snob when it comes to steak houses and my go to is City Hall Maestros. This place has great steak that i recommend rare Oscar style. They have a good appetizer list with the fried cheese curds. I think this is a little pricey for what it is ( a local steak house) but is a great date night dinner that you don't want to go a long way. Plan on getting a reservation if you are going it is rare to get in without one.
5	Had a fabulous night here enjoyed a fabulous meal and wonderful drinks.Check out the DC Style with asparagus and shrimp, so good! Service was amazing and we will definitely be back.
2	They are overpriced, serve an average ribeye steak, and charged extra to replace a baked potato with steamed spinach.  The only reason I give DC Steak House 2 stars instead of 1 is due to the good service.
5	DC Steakhouse has become my  favorite hangout since I moved to AZ, over a year ago.  The steaks are wonderful, it's small and intimate but can accommodate large groups (make reservations though!) they are very popular.  While they are on the pricier side, their weekday happy hour till 6pm with $5 martinis and excellent appetizers (also half price) has me going back more often than I care to admit. Their staff is very friendly and go there often enough, they call you by name :-)
3	Good food, poor service... I think it was a bad night for them.We arrived 15-20 minutes before our reservation, they were busy, and I was afraid we would have to wait. To my surprise, we were seated right away. Unfortunately, we were also forgotten right away.I noticed that the tables surrounding us were being served by the manager, instead of by a waiter. This is never a good sign. After comically sitting at our table for close to 45 minutes without even a glass of water, I saw the hostess chase down the manager and point to us. A waiter showed up shortly after.After some apologies, we made a drink order. We were more than prepared to order our meals too, but the waiter seemed to want to do every thing in micro stages.  First the water, then come back for wine, then come back for bread, then come back to take order..., it was rather silly, I just wanted some damn meat!Anyway, when the food did come, it was delicious. Too bad it didn't come out until almost 2 hours after we arrived.  A table next to us was in the same boat, and didn't take it as well as we did, and got their meals comped, and I think the girl almost left in tears (I think she was tired and starving).So yeah, 3 stars might be a little generous, but I'm sure with proper staffing (I choose to believe half the wait staff called in sick) it could be bumped up a notch or two.Kudos to the hostess who noticed we were being ignored, and who also cleared our table as we waited (and waited) for the check. I'm sure that's not quite in her job description.
2	Disappointed first time patron here. My husband wanted shrimp cocktail and I ordered plain chicken wings. Burnt wings is what they sell there. I asked the waitress if they sell them that way and she said yes a lot of people like them burnt. I sent them back because I just did not like the charbroiled taste of wings. I settled for the chicken tenders which were good. But the price of the 4 shrimp cocktail my husband ordered was $16. OMG give me a break. I think for that price we should have gotten at least 5 lol. The house cabernet was the most unfavorable wine ever! I should have asked the waitress the name! Our total bill was $40! for two appetizers and two cocktails.. the waitress was very nice but slow service!
2	Not impressed. Service was below average for a steakhouse who's menu and pricing would be considered comparable to a Flemings, Durants etc. We started with a weakly poured vodka tonic and some calamari (small portion) which was just "ok". A lettuce wedge followed and  the lettuce was brown and wilted opposed to being fresh and crisp. For the main course we both had the 14 oz ribeye and it was very good. Properly cooked, decent cut of meat and nicely seasoned. Steamed veggies and a loaded baked potato were chosen for our sides and they were ok, however, the baked potato does not exactly arrive at the table "loaded". They were kind enough to let you do it yourself. (And if you do, I would skip adding the "Bacos".)  We realized that our waiter had not brought our bread to the table and politely asked for a basket. He came back with a couple of small pieces and said "Sorry, we're almost out of bread."  We didn't stick around for desert. Overall, I would consider this to be an average AT BEST experience and would most likely not return.
4	I've been to DC Steakhouse a few times over the past two years since moving here from Milwaukee.  It was quite a surprise to learn that owners Dean and Lori were from Milwaukee as well, and ran the SteakOut back home.  I knew immediately the food would be fabulous and it has been every time I've gone.  We went Friday night, without reservations.  I was a little worried when it was suggested, but tried anyway.  Luckily there was a small intimate table for 2 on the patio which we happily took, since it was a lovely evening outside.  Our waiter came within a few minutes and brought water and menus.  And then.....we waited for about 25 minutes before I asked the waiter at the next table to ask ours to come back.When he did, he was very apologetic, took our orders promptly and from then on the service was great.  He offered to buy us each a drink since we had to wait so long.  My boyfriend is quite the steak snob and this was his first time at DC Steakhouse.  He thought the ribeye was flavored and cooked to perfection.  I never have any complaints as every meal I've had here has been wonderful.The waiter, once he cleared our plates, brought us desert on the house, mini brownie bites - which were great.I would have rated them 5 stars, but the slow service at the beginning of the evening, warranted 4 stars.Seriously though - if you want a mouth watering steak - DC Steakhouse is the place to go.  I've tried The Keg twice and in my opinion there is no comparision.
3	it's a nice place and the food was good too
5	We came for my birthday dinner. The Ribeye was tender and juicy. The mashed potatoes were creamy and full of flavor. Service was good. The only thing I would change is the iceberg lettuce salad. Romaine would have been preferred. Great ambiance.
5	It's so nice to see the Downtown Chandler area revitalized and one restaurant that contributes to this is DC Steakhouse.  I have been to DCS numerous times now and each time has been very enjoyable.  I usually get a filet and lobster tail combo which is always perfectly cooked.  The wait staff is always professional and knowledgable.  The ambiance is very nice; a little urban chic.  DCS has a nice bar area and a nice selection of wines and spirits.  DCS is a great place for a romantic dinner or a night out with friends.  You really can't go wrong.
5	Meant to do a review a few months back but could not get the app to work. Well anyway been there a few times the past year and the Filet and Scallops where perfect. It is our new favorite Steakhouse in Chandler. The Atmosphere is above average.
1	Tasteless and  expensive. $12 fruit plate tastes like plastic. And took 30min to prepare an omelette...
5	Amazing food and People. Service was top notch as well as the food.  This is a must visit...!!!
5	I love the ambiance of this place!  My fiance brought me here on a weeknight a couple weeks ago.  We are still new to Chandler and trying out new places.  This is hands down my fave so far.  We sat outside on the patio. The music was old school Sinatra etc.  It was great.  I highly suggest for daters.  The service was excellent.  The food phenomenal.  I has the filet and it was the best most flavorful I have ever had.  I will admit most times is probably because I order medium well ( sorry, I like my meat cooked ) but again the best I have had.  I had a baked potato and salad also that were both very good as well.  My fiance had the ribeye that he thought was great.  We will definitely be going back.
5	For our first visit we picked outside seating to enjoy the perfect Arizona evening.Our waitress stopped over to the table and introduced herself to us and asked about our drinks.  After we ordered, we shared with her that this was our first time there and wanted her opinion on what the signature dishes were so we could sample the best the place had to offer.  She highlighted the menu was filled with steaks and chops - delightful because that's right up my alley.  We ordered a fillet cooked medium and a rare ribeye, along with the salads and sides.Our drinks and warm bread came promptly and we enjoyed conversation while the jazz laced with a heavy Sinatra influence continued to frame the evening.  Our salads followed along in short order.  Traditional dinner salads with light but nicely flavored dressings that didn't overpower the natural flavors.  Just as we were finishing, our entrees arrived with near perfect timing.  I'm an advocate of great dinning experiences and a part of that is presentation.  My ribeye cut was perfectly seared with large squared markings served with sauteed mushrooms and garnished tastefully.  A side of sweet potato fries completed the dish.  The steak was tender, juicy and naturally flavored with light seasoning.  No unnatural or heavy seasoning added to mask the taste or the very high quality cut.  Cutting into the ribeye was really a pleasure.  Nice marbling, wonderful flavor that still makes my mouth water thinking about it today.  The sauteed mushrooms were a perfect compliment to the rich flavor of the steak.  Perfectly cooked to my liking, rich and rare. The sweet potato fries were thin but the salt and slightly sweet flavor came out in just the right balance.Overall an exceptional experience and we'll certainly return soon.
5	We sat on the patio. Very nice environment, and great service! Ordered the filet - it was nothing special, but all together was a nice experience. Weird to see cheese curds on the menu at a steakhouse. But ok!
4	Dinner was amazing!!! I ordered the ribs and chicken and it was seriously the best meal I have had in for ever!! My boyfriend also enjoyed his ribeye. We used a groupon and it was a great deal 50 for 80 dollars worth of food. The service was also good, but we will be returning for the food let me tell you. I had such a good date night!!!:) yummmm
3	Had a groupon and had to try this place out. Jake was our server and he was excellent. We were very pleased, spouse had a ribeye, was a little fatty but good. I had king crab legs, good but I've had better. Cocktails were excellent too.
1	I expected my steak to be cooked perfectly medium and it was medium rare, not to mention it was burnt! How is that even possible?! I do not recommend this place especially for the price, my steak was charred, I ate 1/5 of it. Also my salad was basic that came along with the meal, nothing special at all and the bread came out cold. Not to mention the service was slow. The only reason why I gave it a star was because our waitress was nice even though it took forever to get our food out, but the food was not on point. Go to Donavan's instead please!!! Trust me! I am a steak lover and I felt scammed!
5	I have eaten here several times and never a bad experience. Best steaks in the area, always cooked to perfection and top notch service.
4	Great server.  Great Food.  Steak and chicken very good and juicy. Had the Filet Mignon and also had this Lemon Chicken with pasta very Delicious. Was the most juicy and tender chicken breast I ever had. I recommend this place to any in town.
4	Loved the ambiance. The lobster and the fillet mignon was delicious.  Classy atmosphere but laid back and casual.  Highly recommended!
4	Nice spot to take someone special. Intimate and exquisite. Did not have a reservation,  but was able to get in. We enjoyed everything during the evening from the ambiance to the food and the service. Great place for a date night or a special occasion.
5	I've gone to DC Steak House many times and have yet to be disappointed!  I went in last night for an after work meal with my girlfriend and friends and had another fantastic meal!  My dish was a steak and lobster tail special and it was cooked to perfection.  My girlfriends meal was cooked perfectly as well. (The asparagus was divine.)  Although they had a full restaurant the service was outstanding and the ticket time was on point.  The owner, Dino, stopped by twice to check on our experience and that is always greatly appreciated.  Mandy, behind the bar, was smiling and attentive as always. I would highly recommend DC to any and all looking for a great meal, good ambiance, and friendly and attentive service.
2	Food was ok, but extremely expensive for being average. $48 dollars for a pound of king crab legs, that were old, dry and small.Service was terrible tonight. Think our waiter came by only three times, to take our order, to bring our food, then the bill...took about 20 mins to get the bill and another 10min to get my change...
5	Had the 8 ounce filet mignon (medium). So very tasty and so unbelievably tender I only used my fork to cut it. 'nuff said.
2	Had a groupon and wanted to try this place out. We made a reservation so we would be sure to get a table. Service was excellent.  The food on the other hand looked really good but that's as far as it went. There is a chart right on the menu telling you what rare, Med rare etc is going to look like. My husband had the strip steak medium and it was over cooked. I ordered lamb chops medium and it was rare I mean raw. Glad I had the groupon. Don't think we will be going back.
5	DC Steakhouse is a gem, tucked away in Old Town Chandler. My filet was hands down the best steak I've had in the Phoenix area--in fact it may have been the best steak I've had anywhere! It was cooked to perfection, seasoned just the right amount to enhance the flavor, and cut-with-your-fork tender. Plus, the service was excellent despite the packed house. The only drawback was that it was a bit noisy, but that was a testament to the delicious food and otherwise charming atmosphere.  They had plenty of patrons and all seemed as happy and satisfied as my table!
1	I'm going to start off by saying I never write reviews unless something is so amazing I couldn't believe it, or so terrible I couldn't believe it. This review will be the later, and I apologize because it's going to be lengthy. We rarely, and I mean rarely, go out to eat, but I had heard such great reviews for DC Steak House so I figured... why not? Let me tell you why not. We make our "necessary reservations" which takes me three times to get through because I am not comfortable just "leaving a message" and assuming it was listened to (not very professional). We get there at our designated time, and the place is practically empty (ok... so we needed reservations why? People were just walking in and sitting down!). The hostess was wearing a see through top that one would wear to a club, shorty shorts, and a boyfriend cartigan and gladiator sandals(how does this scream "upscale"???) Our waitress was extremely nice, and one reason I feel bad for writing a negative review because she was pleasant... however, after we got our appetizers, things just went downhill. After about 50 minutes, we noticed the people that had come in after us were not only getting their food, but had finished their dinner and were paying before our waitress FINALLY came over and apologized for "putting our order in AFTER her party of 6". Fine. We patiently wait for our food, and once it arrives, we both thanked the heavenly God's because we were starving. My boyfriend despises a lot of red/pink, but he doesn't mind a little, so he ordered medium-well. I love red/pink, so I ordered medium-rare. He got what is typically a medium-rare steak (some cooked, some red/pink, perfection!) and mine was so rare I could have rolled it up, smashed it down, and threw it on the grill for a nice steak burger. Disgusting. The mushrooms, which I would have typically loved, were so slimy I took one bite and actually started gagging at the table. I had to look for the bathroom in case I were to actually get sick (this has NEVER happened to me). Needless to say, I was not even going to attempt to eat anything else the rest of the night.So the waitress comes back, asks how everything is, and we explain the dilemma of the wrongly-cooked steaks. She apologizes and takes mine back to be cooked more and bagged (since I only took 2 bites of my 9 oz filet mignon... I was not about to waste my money). She brings my box over and my boyfriend asks for the manager.The Manager was a JOKE. I am a young female in business (management), so it pains me to say this, but she was extremely unprofessional, and I am shocked anyone would trust her to take care of "complaints." She kept tilting her head from side to side, blinking constantly, and would stare off into the distance rather than looking at us directly. She would ask questions that made it seem like WE were in the wrong (like: "what size steak did you get? oh, yes, that is a thick steak, so medium-well will be less rare...." as if we know your cooks don't know to leave thicker steaks on for longer... OUR BAD). She attempted 3 times to give us a free dessert (which neither one of us wanted), and once my boyfriend said "we probably will not be back" she disengages and says "that's too bad" and walks off. Color me silly, but wouldn't a professional manager do something other than shrug and walk off one that is said? YOU DON'T LET MONEY WALK OUT OF THE DOOR!!!!!!!!!!! She did comp our appetizer (again our complaint was against our $30 steaks, not our $4 appetizer) which was nice, but seriously ridiculous. I don't know when these people with great reviews are going, but it is CLEARLY not when this "D-squad" staff is there.I would NEVER go back. From the other posts I've read on here, I'd say it's safe to avoid if possible.I've also noticed the manager or gm does not respond to any posts on here... they need to get their head out of the sand and read these reviews and FIX their problems.
5	Went here on a 3rd date on a Saturday night.  We had 7:45 reservations.  It was packed when we got there but we were seated immediately at a nice table for two. The atmosphere was cool. It is dimly lit with candles.  The place is on the smaller side and noisy but that was fine with me.  Our waiter was attentive and friendly.  I ordered a speciality martini... Otter Pop. it was very strong but very good. The salad that comes with the meal is sufficient and tasted good. I had the 5 oz. filet mignon and it was cooked perfectly medium rare and tasted amazing. I like that they serve a 5 oz filet because I was able to eat it all.  You get one side with the meal and the sweet potato fries were yummy. It was a great meal and a good experience.  I will definitely go back again.
3	The five of us came here last evening for dinner around 6 pm and had a nice time. Downtown Chandler is working very hard at becoming a foodie destination. The only drawback with our visit to DC Steak House was that they had us sitting in the very noisy bar area. So much for our two week old reservation. LOL It didn't ruin our experience, but it was hard to hear everyone at different times. We skipped the appetizers, since we heard their desserts were amazing. Two of us ordered the Salmon Filet, one had the BBQ Ribs, another the Prime Rib (special) and I had the 8 oz Filet Mignon, with two Cajun cooked Shallops (see photos).  All of us felt the food was in the good, to very good range.Our entrees came with a dinner salad and were in the $24 to $30. My two Scallops, were seasoned just right and very tasty at $6.00 each. For dessert, we shared their outstanding Chocolate Layer Cake ($9.00) and the Tiramisu ($7.00), which was good and very moist. The damage came to $190.85 before taxes and gratuities for the five of us. It also included four beers ($18.00), three coffees ($8.85) and a Cappuccino ($5.00) for me. So expect to pay $40 each. Maybe next time we'll be allowed to sit with the grown ups in the dinning room. LOL
5	Great local steak house, the best filet minion in town! The fried eggplant appetizer never disappoints and has become a favorite of ours. The service is always great whether sitting on the restaurant side or the bar side. The bartenders are always consistently good and mixing drinks and are helpful at recommending some of your new favorites. Try the Mediterranean Mule, it's a fun take on the Moscow Mule. The prices are a little high, but there is usually a good Groupon, but regardless they are worth it. Great place for date night or out with family.
3	Everything I've ordered at dc steak house had been very good.   The only reason that I dropped the rating from a 4 star to a 3 is because how the crab legs are served now.    They had something special before with serving the crab legs already cut in half which I don't think anyone in town does.    When my wife and I thought crab - we thought dc steak house.    Now they're crab is no better than casino arizona or pacific seafood buffet.Management - feel free to set yourselves apart again and bring the split crab back.
4	I'm  impressed with this place and like that it's so close to my home. The food was very good and service was excellent. I felt. The prices were just a tad bit high, however  it's worth it. I would go back here again
3	Found DC Steak House via Groupon.  Overall the experience was a pleasant one. Our waiter was very professional and attentive. Bread was fresh but nothing to write home about.  Steaks were very nice and cooked just right.  Ribeye could have been more tender and had a bit of gristle, but not too bad.  Flavor was great.  My friend was very pleased with his filet.    Sweet potato fries were very good, but a baked sweet potato would have been a better option, in my opinion.  Chocolate lava cake was wonderful!  Definitely one of the best I've had.The only thing that took away from the experience involved the menu.  The menu on their web site says the 12 oz. filet is priced at $41.  The menu we were handed in the restaurant said the 12 oz. filet is priced at $41.  BUT, when my friend ordered the 12 oz. filet, the waiter explained that the price had gone up to $47.  Seriously?  The price has gone up, but the menu hasn't been changed?  No sticker?  No sharpie turning the 1 into a 7?  Just wait for someone to order and THEN explain it costs more?  Not very professional!
3	Prior to my first time at DC steak, I was eager for my dining experience, until my mother and I were disrespectfully treated by one of he hostesses (whom we found out is also the owner). We had made a reservation for dinner and regardless of our reservation, we were sat at a table right in front of the door and in the middle of all incoming and outgoing traffic in the restaurant. When we asked the hostess/owner if we could be moved to a more relaxing and comfortable table for our dining experience, since we saw other tables available, she quickly responded in a belittling tone, "this is a table in the dining area." Since we both have ample experience with our families being in the restaurant business for years, we were appalled by her quick and rude response. It honestly had us considering leaving the restaurant and never planning on returning. The only reason we would return to this restaurant would be if we were served by our lovely waitress, Kris. She was incredibly accommodating and showed signs of concern regarding our dining experience. She checked in with us regularly and was delightful to be around during our meal. The meal we had was also delicious, but the first impression we received from the hostess/owner, almost led us to walking out instantly.
5	Our first time here. We used a groupon. Everything was superb. My husband is very particular, and he said "The best meal I've had in a while." We had the Steve's shrimp cocktail as an appetizer. They were large in size and very tasty. A wood flavor. Flavorful and good texture. He ordered the rib eye. I ordered the filet tips and lobster tail. Both steaks were cooked perfectly and were exactly what they should be - tender, juicy and delicious. The lobster tail was succulent. Probably the best I've had. (I've not been to the east coast.) The salad is good. The bread is brought in from a local bakery - baked fresh every day. Great place! We'll be back!!This will be a special occasion place though, as the prices are a little higher than what we typically pay on a night out. 4 large shrimp = $16. Filet tips and lobster tail = $35. 14 oz Ribeye = $28. The entrees include salad and a side of either fries, sweet potato fries or a baked potato. Bread and butter are also provided. It's a great place, and very enjoyable, we're just typically more frugal - unless we're celebrating a special occasion.
4	Hit this again and orderd a Peppercorn Crusted Ribeye. It was perfection!!The double cut porkchop was excellent as well. We sit at the bar when we go. Good service always. Good house wine for Happy Hour as well. This is a solid spot!The bald guy that works the door area can def be a wanker like someone previously stated. The bigger guy from Compton that works behind the bar can also be a bit college locker roomish for a nice restaurant.
5	Best Steak In Arizona. .Amazing steaks, chops, seafood. Great drinks. Service was professional and friendly. Atmosphere couldn't get better.
5	Favorite steak. Great prices. Love the staff. We went there 4 years ago by mistake and go almost every week now.
5	The food and service was very good.  I had the walleye pike with sweet potato fries .  It is not common to find pike on a menu so it's a nice change from salmon.  I followed the pike with the lava cake with ice cream.  Normally the bf and I share dessert but this is so good we each had to have our own to keep the peace.  I had barely eaten all day so to end the day with such a great meal was a real treat.
5	Love this place! My husband and I eat here somewhat regularly and it is always consistent. They prepare some of the best steaks I've eaten; thick, juicy, and tender. Prices are reasonable, plates include salad and potato option. Vegetables are a la carte. Good ambience, friendly and prompt service, and happy hour available.
1	Wow what a bummer!! We used to really love this place and would take people here all the time.This last time the owner really dropped the ball by super inappropriately handling a situation, embarrassing our table and being confrontational over how a steak was cooked!Bottom line is 4 dinners ordered, 2 steaks came in beyond rare, blue rare we will call it. Sent them back and assumed they would fire new steaks like most decent steakhouses would. They did not. They retired the same steaks (which had mushroom sauces all over them) and burnt them. They tasted like ass. So we told the waitress the deal, she went and talked to the owner and came back and said "the owner is taking care of your meal and a new one will be out". Cool. No problem, things happen.Out comes a perfect steak but unfortunately everyone was done eating. Took a few bites and put it in the to go box. We all know how awesome a reheated bone in ribeye is. Not.Bill comes. Nothing taken off. Even charged more to add peopercorns to the steak! Told the waitress. She got the manager, Mandi. Who was about as helpful as boobs on a log. She literally said to us "I came over because the owner doesn't like to deal with these situations and talk to people directly". LOL! Wow. Ok Mandi, just take this off our bill. She couldn't and had to get the owner. This is where it got stupid.Owner comes over and is confrontational. Says the first steak should have been perfect since it was medium rare. Everyone at the table agreed it was rare beyond belief and cold in the middle! We weren't gonna agree so avoid having an argument with the owner on a Saturday evening! I just said "look I wouldn't have waited to eat after everyone else did if the server didn't tell me you were taking care of it". Then he told me basically why should I buy your steak if it finally came out great at the end. Uh....because you're in the f'n service industry jackass and I send people here all the time and live in the neighborhood. The whole table couldn't believe it.They literally took the to go container we had with various leftovers, removed the Offending Ribeye in question and then gave it back and removed it from the tab. No apology, nothing.Tip for the owner: Look up "cost of doing business" you lost 4 regulars last night that spend $300 each in your bars on a regular basis each month. Over a $10 food cost. As a business owner myself I think you're a damned idiot.Will be back, once, to use this groupon. Then we will start trying other places. If it's amazing the way it used to be next time I will put the review back how it was.
5	Best Steak house West of the Mississippi (and beyond).  I have eaten here 10+ times and truly appreciate the food, the service and the owners.  They have gone over and beyond to make sure we have a fantastic dinner every time.The Filet is amazing and the mushrooms are the best I have had.
5	Have been to the DC a few times now and every time it has been extraordinary! I am  not from here, but every time I make it down to Phoenix I make the drive out to Chandler for a steak at the DC with my fiance!  Why would you wanna go to a chain and put more money into the big corporations when you can support a family owned restaurant  Maybe its just a midwestern thing, but where I am from, we support our local families!Our night started out with a warm greeting from the hostess.  We called ahead for reservations and she asked if we wanted to go to our table right away.  We wanted to have a few cocktails first so we decided to start at the bar.  I ordered a Cosmo ($8.00) and my fiance had a glass of wine($6.00).  Drinks were great and priced very reasonably!! Bartender was very professional and friendly.  After we finished our cocktails, we sat at a cute table by the window.Jake our waiter appeared soon after, brought us another round of drinks, and took our food order.For appetizers we started out with Wisconsin Cheese Curds, of course! For Dinner I ordered the New York Strip Medium rare and my fiance had a Filet medium well.The cheese curds tasted just like back home in WI - YUM!! Shortly after finishing our cheese curds, our salads were delivered.  Fresh, crisp and Green! Exactly how a salad should be!  Oh - and its included with your dinner! If you go downtown Phoenix to one of those chains, expect to pay $6-7 alone for your salad!Now for the best part - the steaks!!Seriously - my NY Strip was one of the best I ever had!  It was cooked to perfection!  16oz - I ate about 3/4 and will have the rest for lunch tomorrow - cant wait!! And the mushrooms that are included with it - my mouth is still watering thinking about them! My fiance said his filet (8oz) was extremely tender and cooked just right as well!Good job DC - another wonderful dinner!When it comes to dessert, Tiramisu is my weakness and their homemade tiramisu was to die for!! As we finished our dinner, Dean the owner (or Dino he goes by I think) stopped by the table to check on us and say hello.   We met him last time we came in. How many times can you say the owner of a place stopped at your table just to say HI and thanks for coming in! You can tell he truly appreciated our business. Overall, dinner and drinks came out to just a tad over $110 and it was one of the best meals I ever had! (Compare that to like $200 downtown).  I gladly left a 25% tip - Jake was great! Cant wait for our next visit down south -we will be back!!!
4	My husband and I were wandering around before the Tumbleweed Christmas Tree lighting and we were hungry!  All the restaurants were packed with parade goers, shoppers, etc.  Of course we were not dressed for the upscale DC Steakhouse...well, we asked and they said they would take us, no problem!  Yes, it was crowded, but they found us a table and we had the yummiest dinner!!My husband had a steak, which was so tender he could cut it with his fork!  I ordered the steak salad, which was absolutely delicious!!!  The steak pieces were plentiful, very tender and the taste was spectacular!!The service was friendly, helpful and amazingly fast!What a nice surprise!
4	First time at dc steak house.  Nice place. Little loud but not bad.  Had a acoustic guy tonight.  Sounded good.  Very good wait staff.  I felt not over priced.  Great steak.  Over all good experience.   I recommend a nite out with the wife there. Cheers....
1	Hostees was so rude at the door I didn't even sit down.   I would not recommend their service
5	Very much enjoyed dinner last night with my in-laws for their 60th wedding anniversary. DC's staff, food and setting was nothing short of perfect! From the perfectly made cocktails to both seafood and steak to the delicious desserts! Thank you DC Steakhouse!!!!  Nicely done and very much appreciated - you made the night special!  Dianne
1	Terrible management and staff.  Went here for dinner one night with some friends and wanted to use a groupon.  While attempting to use the groupon, the waiter and manager argued that the groupon could not be used.  Our friends had been there earlier in the week and had utilized a groupon on that date with no problem.  The manager accused our friends of lying about being in earlier in the week.  Our friends were able to recount exactly where the manager was and what he was doing when they were in the first time.  As a manager, iIt's probably not adviseable to accuse customers of lying, especially when you are wrong. The manager also claimed that he could not accept the groupon because of groupon's rules.  That was an absolute lie as DC Steak House (and all other participating companies determine the rules associated with using groupons at their establishments).  Groupon would have no stake in what rules applied for each restaurant/business/company.  The steak was decent at DC Steak House, but unfortunately, our evening was spoiled.  Please also make sure to check your bill because they like to add extra charges, nickel and diming you anytime they can.  We will not be going back to this restaurant due to our bad experience with the waiter and manager.
