5	*NOTE: I WENT TO THE NEW FAMOUS DAVE'S ON SUNSET BUT ITS NOT LISTED YET*Holy bananas Batman!  Every girl loves her some finger-lickin' BBQ, and Dave's has it.   They recently opening up a new location on Sunset and Stephanie (THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!) and I finally frequented the restaurant tonight and just wow.  Just know now that if you go there at dinner time THERE WILL BE A WAIT (why do I feel like I'm going to use capital letters throughout this entire review?  Oh because Dave's is EFFING AMAZING).  Anyway, so prepare for the wait.  They quoted us with a party of 2 for 35 mins but really was like 15.  So we get seated.   Immediately our waiter was there, greeting us and asking if we ever been there.  After small pleasantries we ordered a few alcoholic drinks.  I got a mai tai and my boyfriend got this YoMamaPunch or something.  Either way simply DELICIOUS.  Sometimes when you go to places and order an $8 drink it tastes like poop.  Literally.  Poop.  But not this time; the drinks were perfectly blended with the right amount of alcohol and not too much sweetness.We then ordered the feast for 2.  The menu should actually say feast for 4, but hey, its BBQ.  The ribs were falling off the bone, the brisket was melting in our mouths, and the chicken flew into our  mouths.  Not to mention the subtly sweet corn on the cob and cornbread muffins.  The baked beans had a bit of an exciting kick to them, and the mac n cheese was gone as soon as we smelled it.  So, ya know, it was good.  The check was quick, but not too quick, we were asked by the manager how the food tasted, the bill wasn't that expensive, and the staff even said goodbye when we left!I will go again.  And you need to go.  Like now.  Go!
4	The wife and I decided to take our youngest daughter and her husband to Famous Dave's; she is very pregnant and realizes life as she knows it is changing forever. They are very happy and so are we, so we were glad to treat them tonight. We had a very enjoyable time; we got in line around 4:30 PM and were seated by 5:00 PM. Our son-in law had the spicy sausage, daughter had choice of two meats, wife had chicken, and I had the pulled pork (Memphis Style). Memphis style puts the slaw on the pulled pork, and that will give you another side to go with the meal. The root beer float was very good and I shared that with the wife. A very good time, for a little more fun call the phone number and ask for Ali, She cannot help you get seated any faster, nor can she make an appointment, but she is fun to talk to. So make that call!
5	OMG! i had the best experience today! their service was on point! we had a server annette, she was excellent and funny! they had 6 different sauces to choose from and she gave a very descriptive "sauce tour". it was cute! i ordered bbq chicken that comes with corn on a cob, cornbread and two sides. jalepeno mac and cheese and garlic mashed potatoes sides were so delicious! i loved their cornbread! definitely consider sharing cause everyone in our party couldn't finish their meals!
3	I went here for my dad's birthday because he LOVES BBQ. Full disclosure: we lived in the BBQ capital Kansas City for a few years, so I expect a lot from BBQ. Anyway, since it's new, it was packed, however, we only had to wait ten minutes for a table. The service was great. And the seating area was very roomy. We ordered the onion strings as an appetizer and they were amazing! The sauce that went with it was perfect!We ordered the georgia pork, rib tips, and the texas beef brisket. The pork was very tender and delicious, although I think anything would taste good in their BBQ sauce. The rib tips weren't what we expected. They were very hard and did not have much meat on them. The brisket was just OK. It wasn't anything to write home about. Overall this place is a good place to go for BBQ in Henderson, however if you want real BBQ, you'll have to go to the midwest.
5	Food: The rib tips were tender and flavorful. The breading on the catfish was tasty. The cornbread was sweet and moist. The lunch portions were perfect.Service: Friendly, attentiveAmbience: Good for familiesYou really can't ask for much more from a BBQ restaurant.
3	This is a relatively new place so maybe they are still working out the kinks. My 1st visit here was on Easter Sunday right after church. The service was awesome. . also right after opening so the staff is on their best behavior w/ i'm sure lots of mgmt watching.  I was complimented several times on the way to the table and our drinks were filled and food was great!ENTREES: I ordered the manhandler (brisket and a smidge of sausage on top) The bf ordered the brisket plate. Both were great. SIDES: I went w/ the beans OMG so good. Bf went w/ mac n cheese.. good but nowhere near as good as blue's bbq was that closed down on the other side of the galleria. . (for not paying rent from what I hear)2nd VISIT: nowhere near as good. It was like night and day from our 1st visit and left a lot to be desiered. . . We arrived around 745.. not too late. we ordered the que for 2. perfect for us.RIBS: the ribs were eh. the 1st piece was good but as you moved further in to the rib the worse they got and harder and not falling off the bone, by the last rib they were just plain tough. BRISKET: it was ok. not as good as 1st visitCHICKEN: pretty good. didnt have it the 1st time so we had nothing to compare it to.  it was good but I was too full to have more than a bite. Beans were great again. . how can u mess up beans? SERVICE: omg. . WOW. the girl never refilled our drinks not even once. my bf was tempted to go fill his own glass. i dared him to but he never did. i gave him the rest of my tea. so then I was thirsty. the girl disappeared on us after 20 minutes of us being done we had to ask another waitress nearby if she could bring our ck b/c we just wanted to get out of there. the girl showed up long enough to bring the ck. w/e - not sure if i'll go bk. this left a bad taste in my mouth. We are from TX and this place is nowhere near as good as TX bbq but its as close as we can get in this area. . but my love works too hard for his $ to spend it at a place that cant give us consistent food. . the bf had to ask for a plate not once but 2x.. . as well as paper towels b/c our booth had none. finally the waitress brought his plate out and gave us papertowels from another booth. we couldve donethat... It was just an all around bad experience. ah well you live & learn, right? note: the ribs @ the rainbow location were just like this too. . good on 1 side and tough on the other end. . .not good. . just plain not good.
5	Yum yum yum!!  We had great service and the food was very good.  This was my first time to Famous Dave's and was very pleased.  I had the ribs and the hot link and they were so delicious.  And I am not a fan of corn bread but it was sooooooo good.  I personally love this place, two thumbs up!
4	You know its good bbq when your bone falls to you're plate and you just keep eating without notice.  The food is always cooked to perfection here, except the corn lol which is ok, they do meat so well it doesn't matter if they screw up on the veggies.  I know some restaurant chains start to get complacent with the service the longer they are open for, not saying this place will,  but its new location, if you visit now you're going to get the best they have to offer
3	I wasn't too extremely impressed with this place but I needed to take my dad somewhere other than Lucille's.  I love Lucille's but he has to go there every time he comes to town, and he comes to town quite often.  There really wasn't anything memorable about my visit other than the waitress being just as annoying as my dad.  Not really her fault though because he was egging her on.  The food was fine.  The service was fine.  There was nothing special.  Even the Pecan Pie was just okay.  At the end of the day, I will probably stick with Lucille's unless someone tells me of a better BBQ place.
4	Famous Dave's BBQ is popular for a reason and that reason is that their food is delicious and reasonably priced. The service at this location is very good and the restaurant itself is clean and a nice place to have a meal.I'm not a BBQ connoisseur, so I can't attest to any of the finer points of BBQ. But the BBQ at Famous Dave's tastes really good to me.
1	Took almost 3 hours to have dinner. One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. Came for my sisters birthday with a party of six on a Monday.  We were quoted 25 minutes for a table. 40 minutes later I asked the hostess what was up. She told me all the stations were closed and there was only one larger party table open and we had to wait until those people left. I asked why no one had said anything to us and she shrugged. Fast forward ANOTHER 15 minutes. We are sat and order drinks,appetizers,salads and entrees. We get salads and wings about 20 minutes later.  No salmon spread. Server walks by twice and is perplexed we don't have appetizer. 15 more minutes and we get salmon...followed by main courses immediately. So we wrapped up our appetizer to go. We were missing one entree which didn't come until the rest of us were done eating.  So then we sat waiting for our friend to get to eat. I ordered a kids meal to go.  The server dropped the check...no offer of dessert and no birthday song for my sister. The check has a bunch of extra sodas and three kids meals to go on it. When I talker to the manager he acted like it was MY fault. Why didn't *I* tell him we were waiting for a table? Why didn't *I* inform him our food took forever and was wrong?  Umm because that's your staffs job?!  To communicate to you they're table is having a problem?? We told the server AND the hostess... I asked him why they had not told him there was something wrong, he said they must have been busy He told me "Fine. We will sing and bring you dessert will that make you happy?? "After dessert was brought I waited another half hour for my Togo food. The server told me she forgot. Then she forgot to give us our credit card or book. Our table was never prebussed and refills were few and far between.  After the managers attitude at the chance to fix a majorly bad experience I will never visit this restaurant again.
4	I love their St. Louis Ribs.  Yummy.
1	I wrote to the corporate office about my experience, and they told me they were sorry, and that they forwarded my message to the manager for follow up. Needless to say, there has been ZERO followup. I have received no response, and plan to inform corporate of this again. There is nothing more detrimental to a business than management who has no interest in resolving a legitimate issue.
2	The Famous Dave's Blue Diamond location is way better than this location. First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty-  Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!   As many times as we have eaten at the Blue Diamond location the bathrooms have always been clean. The food just lacked the usual BBQ yumminess that we so enjoy at the other location. The complimentary potato chips that were given to us in a small bowl looked like the bottom of your potato chip bag - tiny broken up chips/crumbs - weird... The BF thinks they just gave us a bowl from a departing customers table cause it just didn't seem like a new bowl. We all had to change out our sweet teas cause there was nothing sweet about it - the waitress said that the person making the tea didn't brew it right, BUMMER!!!!Now, don't get me wrong - the corn muffins were still good and our food was OK just not what we would call yummy like how we'd feel after we ate at the other Famous Dave's. So maybe all the problems are due to them just opening not too long ago, I don't know.... Maybe, we will give it another try a few months from now. Who knows, I'm not psychic!!!!
4	Just had the BBQ mixed platter. Very tasty and filling as well!!! The sauce spitting fire is perfect.Side dish fries and corn bread. Im stuffed !!! well priced location is close to everything in Henderson. desert's are off the hook!!! if you can manage to finish it. Over all good!!
5	Famous Dave's ribs are the best in town and I've tried a lot of different barbecue houses. Their wedge potatoes are incredibly delicious and the corn bread muffins are awesome. The service is friendly and the place is clean with an open roomy atmosphere. This is one of my favorite restaurants and I recommend it to anyone who likes barbecue.
5	Lunch menu is a great value for the money. We still brought leftovers home. The kids meals rocked.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for years now when one opened in Buffalo, NY where I'm originally from. It's taken me 3-4 years! lol  I've always gotten great bbq at Lucille's out here in Vegas, so Famous Dave's opening right around the corner from my house was exciting. BF and I went in on Friday around 4pm.  We had the onion straws for an appetizer and they were good, buttery taste to them. I liked them better than Lucille's actually.  The remoulade that came with it was so good! He ordered the brisket and the special they had going on, buck a bone which was that you can order up to 6 ribs for a buck a piece to your entree. I ordered the pulled chicken sandwich memphis style with coleslaw on it. My side was the spicy green beans, and his sides were bbq baked beans and garlic mashed potatoes. The brisket for him was disappointing. It was tough, and overcooked it seemed. The waiter gladly let him order something else so he had the pork platter which was just the meat and bread since he already had a full plate.  Waiter's name was Mike, and he was awesome! He let bf take the brisket home. My chicken sandwich was great! The sauce was perfect, the slaw was tasty, green beans were meh...needs more butter or something on them and the bacon needs to be cooked or something.  Overall, it was a great experience! As I type this, brisket is still in the fridge, so BF is not a fan.
3	Maybe I didn't order what makes this Dave guy so famous because I was hardly blown away. Ribs were great but not earth shattering. The brisket was just ok and barely that, as were the potato wedges, however the mash and baked beans were pretty good. The sauces were all fairly good except for the sweet one which I thought was excellent. The service was great and the atmosphere just makes you feel like having BBQ. I will try other BBQ spots but I also see a return visit in my future. Definitely a good experience.
1	I received an email FINALLY from the asking for my contact information a couple weeks ago...I sent it and have yet to receive a response. So ridiculous.
1	Myself and my wife have been going to Famous Dave's before they came to Henderson. We have traveled to both the Rainbow and Blue diamond location before the Henderson  one was built. We USE to like to go twice a week, now, we will probably go back to our old place: Memphis BBQ. We just went the other day, to Dave's, Tuesday and wouldn't you know they "took away" the everyday specials and the catfish!!  No more Big Rib Tuesdays, Beef it up Wednesday's, wing specials, ect..."Thanks Dave"!!  just like the rest of the money hungry restaurants here in Vegas and Henderson!!  Tease people for a few months and then........"BAM!!  take away the specials. What you get now is a small bowl of crusty, burnt, three day old wannabe potato chips that I would not give to a homeless person. That's typical, we've  all seen it before and will continue to see it later.  Hey here's a little side note. Have you ever seen "ALL" of these places closing up due too GREED??? I know we have and if they keep going the way they are they will fall right in behind the rest. This "WAS" a nice place to go and eat fairly cheep. But now....better keep drivin by. Your best bet is to go to Memphis BBQ.  At least Mike Mill's has his daily specials!!!!!  They have been here in Vegas WAY longer than Famous Dave's has.  Good luck, Dave!!
3	I was somewhat let down. I have had Famous Daves a handful of times in the past and enjoyed the food. I enjoyed it enough to sign up for their email club, and for doing so I received a buy one entree get one free coupon because my birthday is in September. My husband and I decided to use the coupon this past Wednesday evening.A side note: Contrary to another recently posted review, Famous Daves DOES still have the weekly specials, as of mid-September of 2011. We were offered special pricing on the brisket meal due to it being 'Beef it Up Wednesday'. I was in the mood for ribs though, so I got a combo plate that included ribs and chopped pork. The last time I had Famous Daves, I remember trying to pick up a rib with a fork and having the meat fall off the bone, it was so tender. This time the ribs were not tender at all, I had to work to get the meat off the bone.  The chopped pork was ok. I prfer pulled pork, but that's just a personal preference. My husband enjoyed the chicken sandwich he ordered, but thought the diablo bbq sauce was weak. I still love the corn bread muffins. I debated making this a 2 star review because well, I HAVE had better... But at the same time, it wasn't that bad. Our server was decent, friendly enough and pretty efficient. And with the coupon, the price was great. So 3 stars, but next time I am craving ribs I will be headed to either Tony Roma's or Lucille's.
1	racist.   foods good but service was rediculously rude, unattentive and clearly racist. *Note: this is for the Famous Dave's on Sunset.
2	Food was pretty tasty but the service was sooooo slow! Although our waitress was friendly, sitting for 15 minutes without a soda refill is unacceptable! Our table had no BBQ sauce either.... So our food was dropped off, and we were not checked on for 15 minutes more, we actually had to signal for our waitress to come over; I thought she should have come on her own. It made the meal stressful because we had to be our own servers in a sense and also suffer from neglect.
5	I absolutely love this place... the food is always delicious and we always have a to-go box left over.  The servers are always very nice, friendly and helpful.  I love the ribs and hot links.  The various sauces and very nce.....  The reason they don't get 5 stars has to do with the speed at which you can walk in, have lunch, and leave.  It is better to have about an Hour or more as it may take some time to be seated, and then place your order.   Then there is the wait time for the food, which is usually good, but then again to receive your bill, etc... it all takes time, which you may not have.  One thing they could do is seat people faster, or hand out menus when they arrive so that while waiting, they could be picking out their meals.    I am a member of their email club.  They send out a free meal for birthdays ( with purchase of a meal).   Dave's personal life story is inspiring..... If you like hot sauce.... order the Wilbur's Revenge Sauce.  It is the Hottest BBQ sauce ever!!Enjoy!
5	My husband and I both love the restaurant.  We always get Juan as our waiter and he is fab.  I wish they had more tables though can be tough to get into.  You get lots for your money and it definitely tastes like BBQ should!
4	Oh the day after my Bday. I woke up not when I wanted and had a mild headache going, but the parents were in town so I hopped out of bed and was on time. My mom loves coming here so this was an easy choice for me as well. The past few times we came here I notice we been ordering the same choice, All American BBQ Feast with some added ribs and Brisket. Every time we visit here the food is consistent as well as the service. This time around the highlights for me were the corn muffins, BBQ chicken, ribs, and Lemonade. The slaw had a little more liquid that normal but nothing major. When we came it was not that busy so we had excellent service and the manager even dropped in to check if everything was going good. All in all, it was a good Sunday meal.
4	So, let me say that BBQ is not my favorite meal, but Dave's is better than most. Full entree's are huge. Better to stick with the lunch specials. Love the chopped pork sand and always order it with coleslaw on top (which they call Mississippi style, but it is served all over the south that way). I order it naked (without BBQ sauce) because the sauces are way to smokey and spicy-hot for my taste and (like most everywhere else) they gob it on and spoil the sandwich. Order a single plate of anything else to share unless you are super hungry or want to take a meal home in a box too! Service always seems pleasant and reasonably quick given how busy the restaurant usually is.
4	My husband and I went today and we greatly enjoyed the food we ordered. The portions were large, I could not eat all of mine. The service was good. We will go back again. I would have given it five stars except for the price. I felt the price was to high.
3	When we first moved to Vegas a couple of years ago, Famous Dave's was our favorite BBQ place.  It's still okay - we love the BBQ sauce and corn muffins - but we like Lucille's much better.  The meat is more tender there, and you can tell it was cooked with love.  I find FD's to be more...generic.  It's close to our house, so we still visit once in a while, but it's nothing to write home about.
1	Long review ahead... This was an incredibly poor quality visit.I was so disappointed with this place when we took my husband for his birthday. We were expecting a large group of people for the celebrations, so, being a courteous diner, I called them to notify them at 1pm that we'd be showing up with a large group at 7pm, so they could be prepared. (We were expecting 18 at the time, and we know that can be hard to accommodate...) The girl seemed disinterested in taking any information, and said she would know who we were and be prepared. I became wary about two hours later, so I called and spoke to some rude man who kept interrupting me with "We don't do reservations." I'm sorry, but when it's a large party, you TAKE A FUCKING RESERVATION so that you don't end up with a ton of annoyed people cluttering up your lobby area while waiting for you to be prepared for something that was called in hours before.Since it was too late at that time to change plans, we showed up. We had to wait 20+ minutes to be seated, had to ask numerous times for serving plates for our appetizers, etc... We also told them at the beginning of ordering how we would be splitting the checks up, and we were very specific about it. The server/bartender said he understood and would make sure it was taken care of. Service was slow as shit, the drinks were extremely weak, and when one of our guests asked what items did not have MSG (she's allergic to it) the bartender took over 30 minutes to tell her that... he didn't know. (Upon calling corporate, I found out that they have allergen menus for people with all sorts of allergies...)The only thing he was sure about was that the macaroni and cheese side dish did not contain it. (He gave her a tiny side dish of it for free, but didn't offer her a larger portion, so she had about three bites to eat for dinner... she decided to go to McDonalds after, so she could actually have food.)When it came time to split the check, the bartender fucked it up. He charged one of our guests who was just paying for his girlfriend and himself, the amount for most of the group... roughly 15x what he was expecting to pay. This fuck up brought the guest 15 cents away from overdraft. It took over 30 minutes to get them to correct their mistake, and the bartender said after the screw up "Well I didn't think you guys were going to tip anyway..." (For the record, he got a 20% tip, even though the staff really didn't deserve any...)Called their corporate office and explained this fiasco to their customer relations department. Was promised a callback the next day, haven't heard from them at all. It's been 3 weeks. No attempt to rectify the situation or retain us as customers. Thanks, but I'll go to Memphis or somewhere that actually gives a shit about their customers next time... screw you guys at Famous Dave's.TL;DR version - Rude/neglectful service, improper billing on people's credit cards, uninterested corporate complaints department... Not going back.
5	This place was amazing. Our waitress Kat was awesome, and since we had never been she advised my wife and I to try the feast for 2. Excellent choice. Came with ribs, baked beans, corn on the cob, cornbread muffins, coleslaw, 1/2 a chicken, and your choice of another bbq item and we chose the brisket. Everything was delicious. Add in the happy hour beer special of buy 1 get 1 free, and I was a happy camper.
2	Been here several times and had FD's at too many catered business lunches. It is always the same. The meat is always overcooked and dry. Cant get enough sauce to save it. The beans are the one thing that is usually good but the last few catered lurches have had undercooked beans. Not supposed to be crunchy. The wait staff has been hit and miss with the last one in full "turn and burn" mode. She must have asked every five minutes after the entrees arrived if we wanted anything else and if she could take our plates before we were finished. That was the night I talked my visiting corporate officers into switching to Lucille's Smokehouse for business meetings.
5	A while back we used to like Memphis BBQ until we had the BBQ at Famous Dave's. We've been to the other location at Blue Diamond several times. We came here on sunday (our 1st visit to this location) to cash in on a birthday coupon promotion- buy one entree, get one free (join the club online). We requested a booth. There is a ton of seating here (several dining rooms) and there is ample parking as well. There was a pretty good lunch crowd here; also family-friendly. This location used to be a steakhouse but the chain failed and closed up shop. All tables come equipped with salt, pepper, ketchup, a roll of paper towel, some menus and the five signature sauces- rich and sassy (my favorite), devil's spit (very hot), georgia mustard (vinegar based), sweet and zesty (another good one), and texas pit (tomato based). We forgot which ones we liked so we sampled them all.  On the back of the menu, there is a set of daily early bird specials, so that's what we ordered- the two meat special that came with one side and a corn bread muffin, and we opted for an extra side for $2.29. (After our drinks came, we got a small salted and seasoned freshly made chips.) I chose the brisket and the roasted chicken while my husband got the chopped pork and brisket (said that there was some fatty pieces and that the skin made it crunchy, so he will not order this again). There was very little fat on the brisket which was a good thing (I always cut the fat off everything). Several slices with some sauce topped a single slice of soft white bread (I took a bite but didn't finish it). The chicken (breast and wing) was really good, moist, not overdone, though I didn't finish it. For my sides, I chose the mac & cheese (hint of jalapenos) and the fries (thick, skin-on, crisp). The mac & cheese was excellent. I liked the fries too, not greasy and mushy. I gave some fries to my husband. My husband got the mac & cheese and coleslaw. I took my corn muffin home to eat later. We'd been craving BBQ and this really hit the spot.Service was really good. Both our drinks, and food came out pretty quickly. Our server came to check on us several times, and gave us refills without us asking (love that). He was also helpful when it came to the menu, we had questions on the heat of the mac & cheese (my husband can take a hint but not much).We want to come back soon for the advertised special, the Que for Two @ $19.99- such a great value.
1	Famous Dave's reinforces the thought that chains suck. I had such a bad experience back in April 2011 when this location opened that I didn't go back for awhile. 14 months later I finally decided to give them another try and place a carry out order. The person who took my order over the phone was nice and helpful. Apparently there is a special website: famousdaveslv.com that has the local menu on it which differs somewhat from the national menu. After taking a look at it we settled on mac & cheese from the kids menu with a side of spiced apples, Texas Beef Brisket with spicy mac & cheese and cole slaw, and a BBQ Chicken Sandwich with a side of Wilbur Beans. $29 got us three little black plastic boxes and a styrofoam cup of milk for the kids meal. So when we get it home we open the bag up and we're looking at $30 worth of food and we're like where's it at? Appearances / non-standard portion sizes aside, it didn't taste much better and all the Rich & Sassy sauce you can smother it with didn't help. The brisket was over cooked and tasted like double corrugated cardboard. The spicy apples looked like someone dumped a big spoonful of spice on top and it looked bad and tasted like crap. The BBQ chicken? Awful! Bleech! Boring, flat, I thought this was BBQ? It sure doesn't taste like any BBQ I know! And being from Kansas City, one of the 4 established American capitals of BBQ I know BBQ. I could go on and on but the fact is the dog ate well last night with half the brisket going to him, my 2 year old ended up spitting out the mac and cheese and the apples, and pretty much everything else ended up being put in a nice 30 gal plastic trash bag for Republic Services to take it where it belongs. The landfill. It was so bad I found myself thinking Sysco's horrible "BBQ" meat - just add their special food service sauce" would have tasted better than this slop. I promised my wife that for as long as we live in Vegas, I will never ask her to have Famous Dave's again. Ugh, why did I torture my family by thinking this would be any good? They deserve better, and so do you. Don't go here.Edit: After finishing writing this review I looked over at the dog bowl and the brisket is still there. He even moved it out of the way to get to the dog food under it. Seeing that I created a new list: Even the Dog won't eat it. And my dog likes almost everything so this is kinda weird when he won't touch it.
3	I'm not entirely sure why I keep returning to Famous Dave's. Is it the ease of the establishment? The name brand? I don't know. Their BBQ is not the best, nor is it the worst, but I am certain I could find better BBQ, even in Vegas, if I tried a little harder. I guess I'm just lazy.I came here with my mom, niece, and a friend for dinner. The place was busy, and it was the middle of the week. Our waitress was nice and brought our food out quickly. My friend got a rack of ribs, my niece got hot wings, I got the rib tips, and my mother got the brisket. We all ended up ordering broccoli for a side and I got their mac n cheese. I have to admit, their mac n cheese is really good. It has jalapeno chopped up in it. As for my meat, I was, as usual, somewhat disappointed. Most of it was too hard to even bite off. What the hecks? Why doesn't it just fall right off? I get it, it's the tips, so they're kind of like burnt ends... but I DID NOT order burnt ends! They don't even serve those.. I don't think so anyway.My mom said her brisket was good and my friend said the ribs were pretty good too.I just think there's better BBQ to be had elsewhere. Some mom and pop shop somewhere in this big city is waiting for me to find their delicious BBQ....
3	3  stars. My customer wanted to come here BC it's convenient and not busy. We were seated asap just after the lunch hour began.I just ate BBQ at their NLV location so I opted for the Cajun chicken sandwich with onion strings. The sandwich was just ok and the strings were soggy and greasy. I would definitely not order these again! The food was sub par but friendly waitress Annette really made up the slack.I'd stick to the BBQ and avoid those nasty onion strings, If not for the friendly service I would have given only 2 stars at best.
3	This place is ok...rib tips were kind of hard and brisket was overcooked. Overpriced for what you get and nothing like real Texas BBQ
3	Slow service. Good ribs. OK chicken, fries tasted weird. Ignored by waiter while waiting for food. Probably won't go back, I like Lucille's better.
1	The brisket was really fatty, and the rib tips were so salty that they were inedible.  Service was also bad.  How many times should you have to ask for silverware?  My first visit, and I will never go back.
1	Bad service at this store. Would not return to this place. Unfortunately the food is great so I will have to go to another location. Rakia S. Was very rude. It was my sons birthday and she did not even acknowledge him or say happy birthday. I ordered the special rib tips (from 2-6 pm). We were sat at 5:53pm and she took our order at 5:56 pm. She came back and said that she was 2min. Late for getting the special price. Did not offer an apology or compensation. I did not eat as this was going to be my meal.  Very disappointed in the customer service.from this waitress.
5	I love everything about this place.  It may be a little expensive, but you get a great meal, lots of it, and the service has always been fantastic.  I don't remember the waitress's name, but she was very pleasant and on top of her game.  We didn't have to wait for drinks or any other needs we may have had.  When I began placing my order she realized that what I was ordering could be ordered in a different menu selection and cost me less for essentially the same thing, so she recommended I change (which I did) and I appreciated her letting me know.  The food was fabulous.
4	i love it! will come back soon !!!
2	I was really surprised that the food was just ok. Not even good. I was craving bbq for a while and remembered Famous Daves being pretty decent so my family and I went for an earlier dinner on a Saturday night a couple of weeks earlier.They were not too busy, we were seated in about 5 minutes. i ordered the 2 meat combo that included brisket and chopped pork. Both were on the dry side. The brisket had great flavor and was tender but overcooked. The pork was not chopped pork like i had in San Diego. it was pork chunks and lacked the moisture that I had at other locations. The dirty rice side dish was excellent! very moist and flavorful. My kids chicken tender meals were anything but tender. Also dry and hard. my kids nor my husband and I even touched the chicken.  Our server was nice enough. Overall the food just wasn't that great so I really doubt I will be going back any time soon. Wish we had a Phil's BBQ in Vegas!!!!
1	We've been a fan of Famous Daves for several years now, driving across town to the location on Blue Diamond Road because it was worth the drive from Henderson. Now that there is a location near us we were pleased to have a Famous Daves close by. The Henderson location was just as good as the Blue Diamond restaurant, but something changed las year and the last Que for 2 was pretty lousy. I acutally like the BBQ burger instead, but the place should have good BBQ ribs, but sadly something has changed it's tough, soggy ribs with no real taste like it used to be. I left uneaten meat that is fatty left on the bone. The sides are tiny tiny and they seem to be saving on product for some reason. Even the corn bread muffin is 1/3 the size it used to be. I could go on and on, but why waste time typing here? this place is lousy, Famous Dave should be ashamed. I'll pay a bit more and head back to Lucilles BBQ in Green Valley.
3	Good enough barbecue, but Lucille's is much better.  I like the hot barbecue sauce.
4	I allow myself to go out for a meal once a week and that usually means my family wants to join me.  And that is O.K. with me.... every once in a while.  And, with that said... tonight we went to Famous Daves BBQ near the Galleria Mall.   - We went early (5 pm.)  I came in with my folks and aunt so of course they want to eat early.  It seems that as soon as you hit a certain age your clock changes or something.  But, I'll deal with it.  So needless to say, we were seated right away and our drink orders were taken.  Rachel was our server for the night and she was on top of it!!!  Brought us out chips and to make sure we were good. - And, no kidding... Less than 10 minutes later our food came out.  I have never had problems with the food here.  It has always been plentiful and comes out hot.  I couldn't eat my fries for the first 5 minutes of our meal.  No complaints though.  I had the ribs and wing platter.  Side note:  Maybe this is just me... I love ribs and BBQ sauce but I always feel weird eating ribs in public.  I feel like a slob because I know that sooner or later it's going to get all over me.  Anyhow, back to my review. - The rest of my family were very happy with their meals as well.  I got a "to go box" partly because I was getting full and the other was the slob like feeling I was having.  My aunt then said let's do dessert.  So, Rachel brought out a dessert menu and I said to my family... "Let's share a couple of desserts"  They weren't having any of it because they wanted their own.  Even though we all ended up having the Hot Fudge Sundae.  They came out and they were huge.  We ended up leaving a lot of it on the table.  I reminded them that we should have split them.  I think Rachel thought it was funny as well as she chuckled a couple of times at us sitting in front of these huge desserts.  I felt like a total glutton... -  For 4 meals with dessert, soda's and a couple of glasses of wine... the bill came out to 108 bucks / 130 after tip.  It was a good meal but I only gave it 4 stars because of the gluttonous feeling I felt tonight...
5	LOVE this place and with the new lunch prices will go more often.They have a birthday club where you can buy 1 get 1 free meal up to 15.00 which is a really good deal.Had the brisket and ribs combo for lunch you WILL be filled up..EVERYTHING tasted fantatsic..
3	To me Famous Dave's isn't bad, but it is not my first pick for BBQ either. I enjoy the variety of sauces at every table, and on 2 occasions (not this last one) have been offered the sauce tour where they explain each one to you. Very amusing and helpful in choosing which fits you. I like spicy so I go with the devils spit or the mustard looking one. I even mix the 2 sometimes. (Trust me on that- BOMB) I ordered the 2 meat combo with cod and a hotlink. The cod was cooked perfect and had a yummy crust. The hotlink was just ok. I enjoyed my daughters potato salad more than my garlic mashed red taters. Our waitress Tashalee (I think I got that right) was pretty on top of it. She even had some small Super Bowl talk with us and was adamant about making sure we were satisfied at all times. She would get 5 stars. I'd come back to this location. However I'd be lying if I said it was my favorite BBQ in town.
5	Best part was the service! This is one of the few restaurants that didn't look at my funny or give me an attitude when I asked for a virgin margarita. In fact it was extremely tasty and hit the spot! Since I am not used to southern cooking, some of the stuff tasted a little weird to me, but their wings and the sauces are yummy and the service has been really outstanding. Waiters/waitresses went out of their way to figure out what had dairy and what didn't for me (I don't do milk) and that made an impression on me.
5	This place has one of the best BBQs, Denise was a great servant, the food was great, portion was enough, not too much and not little, just enough.
5	Service was great. Food was great. Restaurant and restrooms were super clean. Food is fairly priced. Not much more I can say... Best BBQ I've ever had.
4	Famous Dave's is a great chain. The portions are huge and we always go home with leftovers no matter how hungry we were when we came! We have been plenty of times and rarely have planned it. Any time we were near one we followed our noses to the great smells constantly coming from the place. The macaroni is to die for and the ribs fall off the bone without struggle. Deliciousness when you feel you want to get messy while eating and have an ache for some good bbq.
3	My partner and I visited Famous Dave's a couple weeks ago, so I apologize for the late review. We are huge fans of BBQ in general, and enjoy eating here when we come. It was a Thursday night. We arrived around 8:30 PM and found an empty lobby with no host to sit us down for at least 3 full minutes. Finally, the host came and sat us down. It took another 7 minutes to see our waitress who came over and took our drink order, as well as our food order since we had so much time. We saw our waitress a total of 3 times the entire night - taking our order, delivering food and delivering our check just 5 minutes after we got our food, even though she insisted she wasn't rushing us. Her failure to stay attentive to us and other tables caused her tip to suffer. It wasn't terribly busy but a decent size crowd for a Thursday. We will come back again soon, but we will be critiquing customer service extra hard on our next visit. Oh, by the way, the ribs were great as always! We shared a full rack of baby back ribs. The Mac and Cheese was kind of bland though.
1	I'm not much of a meat eater, but was craving some BBQ one night after a long day at work. We arrived around 8:30 and it was dead. Our server only had three tables, so when it took her ten minutes to get our drink I was a little irritated. The food wasn't what I remembered of Famous Dave's. The brisket was the only thing I enjoyed off of the platter for two. The sides were bland and the meat had tons of fat on it. When it was time to pay, I had to ASK for  refill and then never received it. My server was Tashalee, so if you go make sure you DON'T get her as your server.
4	Everything is great.  Great meats, good selection of sides and very consistent.
5	AWESOME food, atmosphere and server.  Our server TashaLee was the BEST.  She knew about everything on the menu and made suggestions when we didn't know exactly what we wanted.  Gave personal recommendations and honest opinions. The food was MORE than enough and very well prepared.  The whole decor of the place makes you feel at home and extremely well fed.   The happy hour appetizers are very well priced and the drinks look delicious.
3	For some reason this place is losing its touch...
5	Still love the Famous BBQ!  We stopped in for a lunch visit.  We were seated right away and our waitress was at our table in a flash.  She was great! Always kept our drinks filled and very pleasant!I don't know if this was a new promotional special.... but they have a 2 for $25 deal.   This included an appetizer, two different meats in each entree and dessert to share!  We chose to go with the BBQ nachos with pork.  YUM! I love their nachos.  I thought it would be a smaller portion since it was part of their special. I was wrong!  It was a huge plate and piled high! So much toppings and they didn't skimp on the pork either!  Love it!For my entree I had the bbq chicken and Georgia chopped pork.  This was accompanied by a half corn on the cob, one side and a corn muffin.  SO MUCH FOOD!    The bbq chicken was very moist and had a great flavor!  The Georgia chopped pork is always great.   My belly was very very happy about my meal choice! For the cherry on top, Bread Pudding!  I actually never tried this before I met my husband.  He got me hooked for sure! It was a huge piece that was covered with a delightful pecan sauce.  Not to mention vanilla ice cream and whipped cream on each side of it.  Oh yes.  After all of that food, I was surprised I was able to eat dessert!   SO WORTH THE CALORIES!I love this place.  We've tried Lucilles BBQ but still would rather go to Dave's.  I think they have better BBQ sauces and much better pricing.  Just this yelpers opinion.  :-)
4	I wouldn't have picked a BBQ place because I don't eat beef, however, I was with my husband Dave and our kids and had to try Famous Dave's. I had the pork and it was tender and had great barbecue sauce.  For sides I chose dirty rice and broccoli which were nicely seasoned.  My kids all had cheeseburgers which they said were ok. Dave enjoyed his steak and potatoes. Over good but not great BBQ.
4	We've been here before and we always ask for the Que for Two. It used to be on the menu and it is still available if you ask. It's plenty of food for my wife, daughter and myself and we still have food to go. To start off I love the chips that are served and the seasoning is great. Also I love the Arnold Palmer (Half tea and half lemonade). There is also a good variety of sauces to choose from. There's nothing much more I can say about this place other than the food is very good and prefer this place to Lucille's located at the district.
5	Just back from lunch . First time at Famous Dave's . I'm not a bar b q person but thought we would give it a try. Was it great!,, service was top of the line to match the food! Will be back for more! The ribs melt in your mouth,a must try
4	Love me some BBQ! Despite being a chain, they typically do pretty well at it. Seems each restaurant has a uniqueness to it, just enough to keep it fresh. Funny thing is, I never order the ribs here. I can make those at home. I get the brisket, links, pulled smoked pork....making me hungry as I write this.I made the unintentional mistake of ordering the 'off the menu' BBQ sauce, Bubba's Revenge and let me tell you what, I like it spicy but this stuff was liquid fire. Great flavor but just a bit too much. I mixed it with the regular stuff to create my own version so was able to enjoy it.Dave does it right, in my book. and I always enjoy it.
2	Ordered burgers medium well! They came out pink and bloody ! Gross  ..The sever said yep, we're having a problem with the cook? Wtf ? If you know there's a problem how about fixing it once !? Mfers..
2	Service was good. I just didn't care for the ribs and this is why I went there. The ribs were fatty and lacked flavor. They reminded me of $5 rib packs I can buy at fresh and easy to heat up in the microwave. The drinks were tasty and they have good happy hour.
1	First off, I have eaten here exactly three times (I try to give everything a fair chance), and it is nowhere near as good as the other Famous Dave's.  The staff are depressing (no smiles), and everyone walks around like they'd rather be somewhere else.  First reason to go to a different one.  I like to go to restaurants where the staff smiles, and makes you feel welcome.It was 11 am and our waitress wanted to know if we wanted margaritas.  Really?  At 11 am?  How many alcoholics come into this place?  She should have asked if we wanted anything to drink, and just left it at that.  Are there really that many people who are drinking before noon?  (not that I'm slamming those who do, but really)...It took quite a long time for our food to arrive, and we only ordered hamburgers.  It wasn't full and took longer than it should have.Lastly, and this is the one which bothers me the most - we have a punch card where if you buy 5 lunches you get one free.  Except you don't.  Unless you're a single diner.  It works like this:  When you buy a lunch they punch the card, and after 5 punches, you get a free lunch.  BUT, if there are two of you, they make you use TWO cards, so you're actually buying TEN lunches to get one.  In reality, when you buy two lunches, there should be two punches on one card.  That's the way it works at other restaurants I have cards at - they don't make you purchase two lunches and then punch it only one time.  Their little "free lunch punch card" is misleading and needs to be changed.
2	I usually don't review chains this large (or chains in general) unless I have a specific reason to do so.  Chains are just that, chains.  They are typically the same everywhere.  But, I do have a reason to review Famous Dave's, and it's not a good one.  I used to work near Famous Dave's and we ate here often, if not once a week, definitely once every 2 weeks for lunch.  My favorite was the Cajun chicken sandwich.  A Cajun spiced chicken breast with spicy remoulade on a soft but firm bun with fried onions, cheese, and veggies.  It was fantastic.Well, I don't work near here anymore, but the wife and I were out the other day and decided to hit up Famous Dave's for nostalgia purposes.  We were seated immediately and drink orders taken promptly.  So far so good.  I ordered my usual sandwich.  When it arrived, the bun was different.  Vastly different.  It was sort of like a weak ciabatta, but crumbly.  It fell apart almost immediately after I started eating.  No integrity whatsoever.  The chicken was not seasoned, it was just a grilled piece of chicken on the bun.  And, it was left on the grill too long in spots, so those great char grilled marks turned into burned spots on the chicken that gave you a bitter flavor.  There were several of them.  The onions and sauce were the same, which I expected.  But, the devil's in the details, and the failure to season the chicken was a substantial failure.  Even with the sauce I liked and fried onions (always a good addition to anything) the sandwich couldn't be saved.We will probably return and give it another shot.  I did enjoy many lunches there in the past, but I hadn't been in over a year.  So, I'm worried this is how things are done now at this location.  But, like I said, I'll give it another chance.
1	I had the unfortunate experience of eating at Famous Dave's last night. The bad experience started right at the front door. There were 2 young hostesses to greet us. We were told there would be a 10 minute wait. We were able to see into the dining room and saw at least 20 empty tables! We waited about 15 minutes to get seated, having to endure the two hostesses talking about Christmas shopping, gifts, etc.  after being seated our server came right over to take our drinks order. She brought them right over, only bringing one straw for two drinks! I ordered the burnt ends sandwich with corn on the cob. The food was brought out quick enough but we still had only one straw and no eating utensils!My burnt ends were so tough and fatty I couldn't chew them. The server came over to see if everything was alright. I said "no" and she replied "oh, ok" and walked away. I are the frozen corn on the cob. When she brought our check, she noticed I hadn't eaten the meat and asked me if I wanted a doggie bag. I told her the meat was terrible and she replied "oh, i'm sorry. That's a shame"We paid the bill and left, knowing we'd never be back again.
5	Excellent BBQ.. And I'm from Texas! I had the "jacked and stacked" brisket burger, absolutely delicious. Very flavorful on hot buttery bread. The coleslaw on the side was hands down the best I've ever had. I'll always make a trip here every time I come to Las Vegas.
4	After being sick, I was ready to get back in the carnivorous festivities.  Earlier that day, I passed the Famous Dave's and thought, "I'm going to try it tonight."  This location is super close to my house and super convenient.  I love BBQ so this is a match made in BBQ heaven.  This restaurant is in Mall Ring circle right off of Sunset Ave.  I decided to take out for the sake of my sickness.  I called in to place my order and Kelsie was my hostess. It was a very awkward greeting. She literally said "thank you for calling famous Dave's how can I help you- oh my goodness!" I asked her if she was alright and she didn't answer me, so I just ordered.  The restaurant is a warm comforting place, similar to other BBQ restaurants.  The thing about BBQ restaurants is that you feel like you're on someone's porch. There's lots of knock knack decorations all over the place. There's a separate area for the to-go orders.  By that door, there's a help yourself bucket full of moist towelettes, BBQ sauce packed and plastic utensils. Very convenient.  The takeout  area is spacious and allows for a bunch of people which I fully appreciate!For dinner, I got the Rib and Burnt End plate for $18.49.  You get a 1/3 portion of St. Louis ribs, a heaping serving of burnt ends served on Texas toast.  The two sides I chose was the corn on a cob and potato salad.  This plate also came with a corn bread muffin, pickled onions and pickle chips.  The St. Louis ribs were a little more marbleized than the baby back ribs that I'm used to.  It was just seasoned, not mopped with BBQ sauce.  The burnt ends were a little too salty for me.  Brisket ends, charred up with BBQ sauce and more seasoning.  The corn bread muffin was literally my saving grace to the saltiness of the burnt ends.  It was perfectly baked.  I thought the potato salad was too much with the onion flavor, could have gone a little less with that.  The corn was also perfectly prepared.  Two small cuts of cobs great side!Overall, I've tasted better BBQ, however, this place is still good.  It's conveniently located and prepares food very quickly.  I'll certainly be back for the ribs, you better your bottom dollar!
3	The food here is really good, but the service is quite minimalistic. There were long periods of time when all of the wait staff was either in the restroom or in the kitchen. From where I was sitting, I could see them getting drinks- for themselves... We had to ask repeatedly for someone to bring us the check. It wasn't crowded either. Luckily, as I said before, the food is really good. Maybe get carry out?
4	My husband says that after a rough week at work, I always crave meat on Friday night.  I guess he is right because I had been thinking about Famous Dave's all afternoon on Friday!  We always get the feast meal.  I mean, what is the point of trying something new when you hit perfect on the first try?My favorite is the ribs, while hubby prefers the brisket.  For sides, we opted for the mac n cheese, green beans, corn on the cob, beans, and some extra corn bread.  The two person size is perfect for us and our two young kids.  If we want LOTS of left overs, we get the full size.This place is a good, solid chain with consistent food.  (Even donated $10 to the Tips for Cops who were raising money for the Special Olympics.)  We will be back when I am in need of meat!
5	So the food is good but I have to say some of the staff is just flat out rude. We walked in the door at 10:35 PM on a Saturday night and we got the evil eye from the bar tender and one of the bus boys. So stupid. I promise you the owner where ever he is did not right this situation into his business plan back in the day. However, the waitress quickly learned that we did not really feel welcome and she made up for all the negativity we received from the bar area. The food was good and the service was great. I wish I could remember the waitress's name because she was great.
3	Pretty decent BBQ.
1	Disappointed with this restaurant.  Service was spotty, waitress never came around to ask how we were doing, we had to ask for water and tea refills.  Manager came by to ask how we were doing also, which was good, but I care about service more than the manager.  Food was mediocre, ordered the feast for two which came with barely enough meat and chicken for two, but enough fries for 10!!! The pulled pork was dry and in big pieces, the ribs contained lots of bits of bone and collagen, only the chicken and sides were ok.  All in all, ain't going back to this place, there are many BBQ restaurants in Vegas that have got to have better food than this.
4	Wow. Just wow. I told myself I would never go to a food chain restaurant after TGIFriday nightmare, BUT this place is amazing! Waaaayyyy better than any chain ribs/BBQ I've eaten at on the west coast. Fall off the bone ribs and hearty sauces. Best part is there is an array of deliciousness (sauce) on the table to choose from! Wilber beans are tasty. My favorite sauce has got to be the Texas pit mixed with devils spit! So delicious with a surprising kick at the end (heat). The staff here are friendly and attentive.  Lunch specials are perfect for your stomach and your pocket! Overall a good atmosphere for laid back BBQ feel. Famous Dave's makes thee best host to a BBQ dinner with family and friends! They also have BBQ catering perfect for the summer! Come down and check it out! You will NOT be disappointed! Get your grub on!
1	About as lackluster as BBQ gets. There is nothing at Famous Dave's beyond mediocre. And the service is curt at best, flat out rude at worst. The food is about 1 step above TGIFridays or Applebees when it comes to BBQ. If you're looking for something more authentic and tasty, I'd recommend checking out Lucille's BBQ. Significantly better food, and far, far better service.
4	Went here for lunch with my boys. They sat us down right away, no wait. Lunch menu is great, a lot too choose from. Drinks are good. Our server was very friendly too. Great experience.
3	This place is okay if you just want some barbecue is a chain restaurant so sometimes it's good sometimes it's not it depends on which one you go to!!
5	Yea! GREAT Place! I was very hesitant on  going back to Dave's after  since my last visit was very BAD (over a year ago)! Not this time! I was greeted immediately at the door with friendly faces and sat in a comfy booth with a view.. The music alone was worth going there. Our Food Server "Stephanie" was awesome not only was she knowledgeable about the menu she was Friendly and seem to really care about us and her other customers. Her suggestions rocked and we never had to ask for refills on anything. I asked for the manager he to was friendly and was very delightful. Oh the Food, thats why I am on here. The food was great my Texas Beef Brisket was to die for. It literally melted in my mouth and the Potato salad was the best I have had in a long time. The corn on the cob was fresh and sweet. If you are in the mood for BBQ this place is it.. Great service and Great Food! Not only will I tell people what a great experience I had just warning you I'll be back! Thanks Again!
1	I am a 34 year old man who went in with my wife a few days after I renewed my license I wanted to try one of there new mixed drinks but when I was carded me a 34 year old 6 ft 300 lb man was carded and toled because me license was expiered  that the would not serve me. The 34 year old man so we left and I never plan to go back.
1	I've been to this location three times, at three different times a day, and it is always LOUSY.  Never again.   How Famous Dave's has won any awards is beyond comprehension.  The food is mediocre at best.  It is never hot, always lukewarm like it's been microwaved.  The brisket should NEVER come with sauce on it.  As a Texan, that is against the law there!  It is fatty, too.  The last time I went in was to try the Cheese Covered Burnt Ends that they ran commercials for.  It failed to say in the commercials that they are "Jalapeno Cheese" Burnt Ends.  That is quite an omission.  And even worse than the food there, is the HORRIBLE service.  All three times, I've had servers that looked like it was a chore to serve me.  The Blue Diamond location is slightly better, especially the service.  But as a Texan, who has eaten some of the greatest BBQ ever, I can say that "Famous Dave" should be ashamed of this stuff.  And this location needs a major overhaul.
1	Service was alright. At first I ordered the beef tips but that had more fat on them than meat and the taste otherwise was ok. I returned this for the ribs which did "fall off the bone" and are somewhat tasty provided you add a heap of bbq sauce with them. The sides I ordered were the mac and cheese and dirty rice. *sigh* the mac and cheese was watery and bland and the rice was dry and tasteless. The manager came out and introduced himself which I thought was nice. The best part of my meal was the strawberry lemonade I ordered which reminded me of koolaid 0_o. Now on to my husband's meal... he ordered the brisket which came out looking like SPAM! Lol this place is mediocre at best and everything tasted as if it was frozen then warmed up in the microwave.. yuck. Needless to say the facility was pretty clean which is always a plus. Now the best part... Me and my husband are still having the runs from eating at this place 5 days ago. Never again smh.
4	Daves is a good middle class BBQ joint it's not uber cheap and blan like some hole in the wall places also it's not overly pricey like the upscale ones. They used to give you free chips but they stopped :(. I usually split the que for 2 (WHICH IS NOT ON THE MENU ANYMORE BUT THEY STILL OFFER IT) or go during lunch hours and get one of their great lunch deals. My favorite is their pork, whether it be chopped or on ribs they have very delicious pork. A favorite side dish of mine is the Jalapeno mac n cheese. Even the burgers they offer are pretty good. Also you have about 8 different delicious BBQ sauces to dunk your food in, all have their own unique flavor. The staff has always been nice to me. And for those complaining about the decor , your'e not eating the decorations who cares what's on the wall as long as the foods good.
5	I am 7mths pregnant and was craving BBQ. I ordered 2 southside rib tip meals for me and my husband for pick up and was more than satisfied. They were super quick, really friendly and the food was amazing!!!! I will definitely be going back!!
2	My friend and I were feening for some good BBQ and a lot of my friends recommended this place! Right when we walked in it took a couple minutes for us to get seated because there was nobody at the front. Once she finally showed up we got seated very quickly. My friend and I both ordered the beef brisket. With the beef brisket you are able to choose whatever two sides, I got potato wedges and sweet corn, and my friend got potato wedges and cole slaw. Our waitress got one of our orders wrong, and when we told her it was wrong she looked at us so confused like we were crazy? Also it took her forever to bring out ranch? It wasn't even busy at the restaurant! Also I don't know why, but our table we sat at was the only table around us that didn't have their little tray of different BBQ sauces. We didn't even realize until we finished our food, because it was our first time there. The beef brisket was very dry and tough, I wasn't able to finish it. Our waitress only came back to check up on our table like once or twice and it took her forever to come bring us a togo box and check. I don't think I'll be coming back here, unless someone would offer to pay for my food haha.
1	So everyone always says this place is so amazing well I can totally say I have tried this place twice and it sucks big time!! The first time I went was maybe 2 years ago the food was cold and it had NO flavor! The service was horrible and the waiter gave us the creepy vibes! But last night my boyfriend really wanted BBQ for some reason so I was like hey why not give this place another try We go in and it's basically EMPTY on a Saturday night to me that is always a red flag we got seated by a nice young lady and we were told our server would be with us soon The waitress  came out and I could barely understand what she was saying she was talking so quietly to remind you this place was basically empty so you can understand how quite she was I asked for the "old fashion lemonade" aka from the soda machine!! and my boyfriend asked for Pepsi. I asked the waitress of it was from the soda machine and she hesitated and I guess she said yes because like I said I couldn't hear her Fast forward to the food we decided to get the Q for 2 we picked our sides which by the way the waitress placed it wrongThe Mac and cheese cold and too soggy Brisket was cold and no flavor Ribs were hard to eat not fall off the bone Corn bread was ok in some areas not cooked Beans watery And don't even let me get started on the chicken My boyfriend and i didn't really ate anything because it was just not satisfying.we obviously has to taste a few things if one thing wasn't good then we can deal with it but everything was so nasty! We asked if we could just get our money back and the waitress said that we ate too much! Wtf!!! We had the stupid plate basically full she didn't even give us a discount or say sorry I asked for the manager and it was bitter old man that only took 25 bucks off a 45 dollar tab. He didn't even say sorry, I hope this place goes out of business it's so gross and worst  customer service. Go to Lucile's instead!
3	Good spot to come when you want some simple BBQ. It's hit or miss here, sometimes the ribs are dry as well as the brisket. But other times it's fall off the bone amazing and delicious. They have about 4 or 5 types of sauce. And amazing drinks. Can't lie the drinks here are pretty damn good. I personally always sit at the bar, but I know it's VERY family friendly. So anytime you feel like some quick good BBQ check it out. Oh, and the service was super good. From what I have seen everyone is friendly.
2	This place is completely average. Has horrible ribs. They were so dry they didnt even come off of the bone. It was basically a huge disappointment cause the place smelled amazing
4	One of the best rib joints in town. Service was excellent. Ribs were perfect. The brisket was a little over done and dry today.possiblely because we were there late and they were starting to close. Normally the brisket is delightful.  I asked for unsalted fries and that is what I got.Been there too many times as my waist line can testify too. Corn bread is the best. Highly recommend Famous Dave's.
4	I'm new to the Henderson area and stopped in for lunch. I was very excited to find such a great BBQ place. I ate the beef brisket and ribs, with a corn muffin and sweet tea. The meal was fantastic! Everything was delicious and the staff were very friendly. I'd definitely recommend it if you haven't tried it.
1	Waited 10 min for a waiter to help us . The place was not busy. Waiter finally came by but walk out. Not sure if I'll be back
5	This location rocks.  Always helpful service, and the food is consistently perfect.   They smoke that meat until it is falling off the bones.   Never hugely busy for eat-in service, but the take-out side does really well.  Typically you don't have to wait more than a few minutes even you if walk in and order.  Phone service can be a bit slow on Friday nights though.
1	This last time, we arrived about 7:30 pm on Friday.  There were 3-4 tables of people waiting to be seated ahead of us.  We were told our wait would be 20-30 minutes - a party of 4.  I walked through the restaurant to restrooms and found 40-50% of the tables empty but set and ready, and the bar completely empty.  We were seated about 30 minutes later.  Our drinks order was taken, and a few minutes later our meal orders were placed. It took about 15 minutes to receive our drinks.  Our meals weren't received until 8:45-8:50 pm, and that was only 3 of our 4 plates.  The food was closer to cold then hot and the 3 of us were done before the 4th plate was served ~ at least that one was hot.  All of our dishes were dry and over cooked.  This was the 3rd time we've been to his location, and all have been similar experiences.  Other locations have been okay, overpriced but decent.  I think we are done with Dave's.
1	Bleh. The food here was terrible. If I'm going to get BBQ, it's definitely not going to be here. I always knew the food here was mediocre & thats why I never went, but I came for a dinner I was invited too and my meal couldnt have been worse. I got a brisket salad which was cold and plain. The service was ok.
2	Went here for dinner last night.Shared a burnt ends and rib combo with cole slaw,broccoli,and a corn muffin.We also shared a caesars salad,which was good.We had just started on the salad when the entree came out barely warm.The server offered to microwave it .No thanks.They had plenty of time to heat the entree while we were eating the salad,why bring it out too soon and nearly cold?Ribs were tough,not falling off the bone,burnt ends were good,broccoli was good.Corn muffins were a zero,dry no taste.Cole slaw needed help too,no taste,dry.Service was ok.No reason to go back.Lots of places have better bbq.
