4	Penn Ave Seafood Co's second location in downtown Pittsburgh.  They are open for lunch and dinner (serving dinner WED - FRI starting November 10).  The menu seems to be virtually the same as the original location in the strip.You can see the menu at their website, but basically it consists of all sorts of different sushi rolls and platters.  They also have 10 or so $9-12 sandwiches and 6-8 other items (Tacos, pizza) that vary with the season from what I can tell.Honestly, the food is extremely tasty.  The sandwiches are always cooked to order and the sauces and aiolis are always quite tasty.  The cole slaw and salads that come on the side are also well conceived (I had a couscous apple chickpea salad with mine).  The ciabatta breads are very tasty but soft enough to be manageable in a sandwich form.The only critique I have at the moment is that the layout is rather awkward.  It is sometimes hard to tell if they are even open walking by, and it is hard to see the menu board while waiting in line.I hope to return soon and split a sushi platter with friends.BYOB
4	I came here with some coworkers for a Friday lunch. It was pretty busy but we got seats quickly.The space is a little narrow and gets crowded easily but the decor is nicely done. Move near to the cashier first to grab a menu so you can look over it before ordering. This one of those places where you place an order, they give you a number and then you sit down to wait for the food to be brought out to you.I had the fried cod sandwich, which was really nicely done. The breading was light, not too thick or overbearing and didn't overpower the taste of the fish. They also serve sushi and rolls, which were pretty good. My colleagues had the fish tacos and seared tilapia, both of which they liked.Overall, I enjoyed this restaurant. It's moderately priced ($10-$20ish) and I'd come back again.
3	Not for a speedy lenten friday lunch...looong wait: to order and then get the food. Though, don't get me wrong, the sushi is good. Just come prepared to wait. Even on a normal lunch hour, I imagine it to be a pretty lengthy wait due to limited seating.
3	Went there with a friend for lunch and it was a long wait. We tried to avoid rush hour and got there around11:30. We were the first few customers, but we still had to wait 15minutes for a sushi roll. I ordered a special sushi roll for about $9 expecting it to be like other house special sushi rolls which are often bigger and better than regular rolls. But it came out to be 5 piece roll and not that special.
5	I was soo happy with my visit here! We made reservations for a Friday night (as the site recommended) and even though it wasn't crowded when we first arrived, it was a good thing that we called ahead. The ambiance of the restaurant is simple yet chic. The decor is really nice, but the entire place has a casual feel to it. Our waitress was super sweet and speedy (even though she had a burnt hand - poor thing) but she was on top of it. BYOB... and, the sushi. The sushi was the best I've had in a while. The Spicy Senorita Roll, OMG. Cilantro? YES! On sushi, cilantro rules. And Sriracha as well... delicious. We also had the Boston Roll, Green Fuji and Bella-something roll (shrimp tempura). They were all delicious. I don't eat any meat or fish often, but the quality of freshness here was superb. The whole experience was A+. I'm sad I haven't found out about this place sooner!
5	WE LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!  We recently moved here from Atlanta and this is the only restaurant that we found to be consistent!  We keep going back every week.......  Great Food, Great Service, Great Atmosphere.   WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!
4	I work in mid-town Manhattan, a wasteland of lunch opportunities.  Oh, unless you want to spend $25 (on a tuna nicoise and glass of wine but I'm not telling where because I don't want my co-workers to find out).  I'm also on a no-meating-eat kick, which UGH.  So I'm happy to report that I had a yummy delish healthy lunch in the PGH.  Tuna sandwich with avocado (skimpy on the avo), cheddar and fresh jalapenos.  Ok.  Not healthy but not a burger.  Prices are average to high for the PGH, but on the low end for NYCeaters.   It's a long narrow place where you stick your butt in other diners faces to get to your table.  You take your number and you sit and they bring your food.  If you're a juror, you get a free soup with your sammy.  They could use a few more salad options.  "Sweet mustard dressing" did not appeal At. All.
1	Wow the hostess had to be the ruddiest person I have ever encountered in Pittsburgh. The Sushi is great but the horrible hostess will make you want take home sushi from the Giant Eagle. We arrived on time at 7:30PM for our reservation, asked if we could sit at one of 2 open tables that sat 4 and were told "no you have to sit at the bar"  which across from the stove and they have very poor A/C. The heat of the gas burning cooktop made it like you feel like you were in the kitchen, oh well I guess we were in the kitchen. Those 2 open tables became 3 open tables for four but we were not allowed to move.  Then  "super hostess" Megan turned away another party of 3 saying "sorry we are booked."  Maybe she could get a job at the DMV.  She would be prefect there.
4	I love their lunch spot, so I thought I'd try it for dinner.  Came here on a Wednesday a few weeks ago.  I was surprised by the "seating times."  I know its a small place, but I figured you would have more flexibility.  But from the restaurant's point of view, it does make it easier to handle that way.  I parked outside the restaurant then realized they ticket until 10PM!!  I of course didn't have enough quarters.  But the hostess/waitress Meghan was kind enough to give me change for a few dollars.  It took a few minutes to get seated just because there was only two people manning the whole floor.  So moral of this part of the story....MAKE A RESERVATION AND BRING QUARTERS FOR PARKING.  Ordered sushi, but it came out before my two friend's meals, so I had to shove it off to the side until they were served.  We learned there was a new sushi chef, so they were still in the process of learning timing and getting orders straight.  Meghan gave us a chilled ice bucket for our wine.  NO CORKAGE FEE.  Their meals finally came, and we dug in.  My sushi was excellent.  They liked their cooked fish too.  We ordered smores pie for dessert.  Like heaven.
5	Best downtown secret.  Very fairly priced, (seems) healthy lunch spot.  I go with the Energy lunch (salmon), but the sandwiches are very good too!
4	We arrived at 6PM  just as they opened.  We sat near the front at a 2 person table. Each table is set with wine glasses and our BYOB was opened immediately upon settling in.  This is a very narrow building and I could see how it may get a bit tight with a full crowd.For appetizers we shared the Yellow Tail Sashimi and Flower Roll.  Even though I know Yellow Tail Tuna is expensive I was moderately surprised it only included 3 small pieces. The quality was excellent however.  We both ordered Halibut for our entree' and were glad we did.  It was cooked perfectly and seasoned simply so that the flavor of the fish came through. We made reservations for a mid-week dinner prior to a show at the Benedum.  I was surprised they didn't open until 6PM but still figured we should have enough time to comfortably make a 7:30 PM show.  We did.
4	Just an update on parking.  The city took away the pay til' 10 pm parking enforcement.  Its back to 6:00 thank goodness.  I heard on NPR that the city is freezing this 10pm parking enforcement only until January 1st though.  The City Council will be revisiting the times again after that.
2	Well, a lack of quality fish is not the problem here. The problem seems  to be the overly fancified menu & the long, long waits it causes.  They could seriously pare the menu down a good 15 items and you'd still have plenty to choose from.  That being said, the food was okay.  I had a lump crabcake melt.  The crab was mighty tasty but the cibatta roll was dense and tasteless.  Also, tiny side scoops of coleslaw and rice/garbonzo bean salads were very sour.  Thankfully, I had a small bowl of mushroom brie soup which was delicious... but of course tiny & a bit overpriced.  Originally I had wanted some sushi but was told there would be a 40 minute wait, this was at 11:45 am.It's a gorgeous place & the staff seemed friendly enough but I have no idea what was going on in that kitchen.  2 people making sushi and 4 people bustling around a convection oven & a bunch of sauces and garnishes.  Bummer indeed for this fish-lover.
2	We recently visited Penn Avenue Fish Company in it's new downtown location. Now, let me preface by saying that I believe that PAFC has some of the best sushi in town...at its Strip District location. We went to this location expecting the very same product that we receive at the other location and being that it was new, well, it was probably stunning, right? Ehhhh. The space is SMALL. We were seated at the kitchen bar, which I never mind, I love watching chefs cook, but my god, they are cooking right in your face! Piles upon piles of crabo containers filled with sauces were stacked in front of our faces, dirty dishes/saute pans were piled up on the corner table and we both couldn't help notice how incredibly dirty everything was. The stove needed a brillo pad or 10 taken to the front of it. Our sushi came and our server/hostess (they obviously need more staff there) just kind of threw it at us and ran. I got one roll that I always get the pretty girl roll and it wasn't the same. Something about it was off, it wasn't as fresh as it normally is, my Sashimi was very thinly sliced and over all, our normal wow factor at the sushi in general was tarnished. Needless to say, we won't be back at this particular location but the Strip District location will always have a spot in our hearts as some of the best sushi in town!
4	It pains me to give my all time favorite sushi joint a 4 star review.  Why, you ask, would I give it my fav restaurant a 4 star?  Because service is just so horrible compared to the incredibly friendly and attentive staff at the actual Penn Ave location.  Is the sushi still the best in the city, heck yeah!  Do I salivate at the thought of their Pretty Girl Roll (salmon, avocado, spicy sauce and wasabi caviar in a soy wrap) and Spicy Yellowtail?  Heck yeah!  But then every time I head into this location the service is always the same.  Hurried and unfriendly.  Tonight was no different.  Our server was definitely not into us, or stopping at our table much and got our bill wrong 3 times.  I have never actually been to this location for dinner.  I know I should have tried an actual dinner item, but I REALLY just wanted some sushi!  I did, however, order the Butternut Squash Soup.  It was INCREDIBLE...creamy and rich!  This sorta made up for the crappy service (but not really).  Oh, and it's BYOB, awesome!I'm not swayed, I will be back....I just wish they'd be more friendly to make the experience better, since the food is phenomenal.  Here's hoping....
5	This place is a gem in the middle of downtown.  I can't believe that I have lived here for over a year and I didn't know about this place.  Their sushi is great quality and super delicious.  The only down part is that they are pretty slow, but the wait is worth it.
4	Why do I always fail to remember that this is a BYOB restaurant until I'm standing outside of it?!  Argh, good thing you can go to the bar next door and buy a bottle of wine or get a beverage to go!  Plus if the restaurant is crowded (which it always is), you can go next door for a drink and they'll come get you when your table is ready.I'm not a huge sushi fan but that's all I ever order here.  I've never gone with a hot menu item, always the sushi rolls.  They are just so fresh and delicious.  I've done the flower roll, the ronnie roll, the yummy roll, the spicy senorita, etc.  You just can't go wrong although I favor the spicy rolls.  My favorite is the hot pepper roll (cream cheese, salmon and banana peppers).  Yum!!  I recommend going with a group so you can order a wide variety of sushi and share.My biggest gripe about the restaurant is just the small size.  There are possibly 10 tables and some bar seating so you should definitely make a reservation and bring your own wine!  It's also a little pricey.  I've had good service both times I've been there and they do a nice job of making recommendations and explaining the various sushi rolls to you.  I've also ordered the cheesecake for dessert.  It's good.  Not the best I've ever had but being a cheesecake connoisseur, I'm pretty picky.
5	So unlike my fellow yelpers, I did not actually go to Penn Ave Fish (on Forbes) for a regular lunch or dinner.  Last night, they hosted a sushi-making class with complimentary wine and sake.  I was more than impressed.The staff who put on the class were attentive, friendly, and personable.  The two men who taught us how to roll were fantastic - helping with hints and tricks for getting a good sushi roll.The event included 3 rolls - a California roll, a traditional roll (choice of crab or tuna), and this super-delicious MEGA roll with shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, crab, avacado, and asparagus.  Each person made their own rolls and then got to enjoy them with the "free" wine and sake.... all for $50!  I thought that was a pretty darn good deal.I'm excited to go back for lunch (and thanks, Yelp, for the heads up... I'll make sure it's a day I have plenty of time!).
5	This is a lunch-only review. One thing and one thing only makes this a five-star review for me: The sushi is hands-down the best I've ever had. The crazy tuna roll has a bit of crisp, a bit of spice, and a huge amount of flavor. The pink lady roll is the most beautiful sushi I've ever seen. The soups here and the sandwiches are excellent, and simple. My first meal here was a tomato-basil soup with Chilean sea bass (wow-good!) and a grilled tuna sandwich with jalapeno. I was impressed by both (and the taste-portion array of unique house sides). I really liked that I was eating healthy, too - the ciabatta roll was the only downer on the plate, and it was well-portioned and paired well with the grilled fish. The downsides are numerous - it's quite pricey ($17 for soup/sandwich, no drink); it's often too crowded for comfort, the service is highly lacking, the menu is a bit overwhelming on the wall - however, this place keeps me going back and spending more than I can afford because I crave the delicious fish they serve!
4	The only reason I'm deducting a point is because I wish it was bigger... Often you can't get in during lunch, but that's only because their food is awesome.  By far the best sushi in town and their specials are really good.
4	Sort of a cafe style sushi spot, great for lunch. Order and Pay before sitting down. They give you a order number and bring out your food pretty quick. Salmon Nigiri $4.00 (2 Pieces of Salmon on small rectangles of rice) was very good. Spicy Tuna Roll was definitely acceptable, and a cup of the Soup Du Jour, (that's the "Soup of the Day") was just right. Their drink selection is a bit...lacking. Bottled and Canned beverages. Will certainly be returning, but found the price to be a bit high at $15.00 for lunch.
5	Came here for dinner. I didn't know they take reservations, but we had no problem being seated. Food is amazing as usual.
4	Lunch only review. Awesome sushi.  Probably, no definitely the best sushi downtown.  I can't even think of another place that comes anywhere close.  If you know of one, please comment and let me know.  I need my raw fish in the middle of the day!!!What is also awesome about them is that they do cooked fish pretty darn good as well.  I am a huge fan of the Sneaky Pete - Grilled salmon on whole grain ciabatta with fresh arugula, hearts of palm and spicy avocado crme sauce.  I think that the spicy sauce has sirachi in it, which of course means it is delectable.  The PAFC salad is also delicious.  - I always get the scallops.  No one has scallops like the Penn Ave Fish Co.  They come from a different ocean - they are that good.It would be a 5 star review if they had more seating and shaved a bit off their prices.
4	Had lunch from here a few times and always after their rush when it's a little quieter.  I like the environment and for downtown food it's extremely good at a reasonable price.  I highly recommend the fish tacos, though I wish they came with rice in place of the cabbage-y stuff.  Their chowder is also to die for.  I've also heard raves about the sushi, but I've recently given up sushi and most fish so I can't personally attest to its quality.  Service is okay, not too extraordinary, which is why I only gave 4 stars.  The people are not rude or mean, but they're not very interested either and I've requested and not received water with my food at least twice.
5	I've been here for lunch twice.  I actually tried to go a couple times before that but both times we walked in (a little after noon), this little place was packed and there was nowhere to sit so we ended up walking to Market Square both times to eat.  However, once we figured out that we need to get here well before noon so there are some free tables, I was very impressed with the food.  The first time I went I got the swordfish sandwich and the last time I got the Nigiri Lunch sushi platter.  Both times, the food was very fresh and  had excellent flavors.  My co-workers were likewise impressed with everything they ordered.  There is a pretty extensive seafood menu, especially for how little this place is, and based on my experience, if you're looking for good, inexpensive seafood downtown, this is an excellent option.  I would just suggest that if you're going for lunch on a weekday, get there by 11:45.
4	Cool location, small place, somewhat pricey, but good food. Would not eat here all the time due to cost but recommended due to the fresh fish.
2	Now I know that you guys all love this place so I had to check it out. Don't tell Frank over at my usual Sushi joint. I thought the sushi was indeed very good but I really didn't see or have any rolls that were out of this world unique or special. I thought that the service was pretty good and I love BYOB so I had a great beverage. The things that kept this well below a four star for me was that I thought the ambiance was just slightly too dark for me and the lights behind me were way too bright that it appeared the person I was talking to was interrogating me because the lights were so bright behind them.The deal breaker happened at the store and after the visit when I called the store to discuss their refusal to accept our Living Social coupon. I typically don't purchase these coupons but I know how to read the fine print. It was a simple $10 for $20 deal that I bought over a year ago or longer. The $20 value expires but the paid value ($10) doesn't expire for 5 years! so mine doesn't expire until April 2016, but yet the server refused the coupon which I just let it slide and contacted the store the following Monday to discuss with the manager but they never called me back. I called them two more subsequent times and each time spoke with the store manager Shanon who said they would speak with the owner Angela. After 3 weeks since their refusal to honor the coupon in store, I have still not received a callback either stating why they won't accept it or ifthey will.So they are not honoring their part of the deal, sort of irritating one reason I don't by too many deals from the internet.An excerpt from http://www.livingsocial.com/terms#deal_value_and_the_fine_printExpiration DatesThe Promotional Portion of the Voucher will always expire on the date printed on the Voucher. If the Merchant is in a state where it is permissible for the Paid Portion to expire, the Paid Portion of the Voucher will expire five (5) years from the date that the Voucher was issued. In some states, the law may require the Merchant to honor the Paid Portion of the Voucher beyond five years, in which case the Paid Portion of the Voucher will expire in accordance with the applicable law.I also e-mail livingsocial.com and confirmed that the coupons paid value was still valid. I know it's only ten bucks but come on, its half of $20. So Susan finally called me back and made me feel like I was the one in the wrong, I am a informed consumer and know how to read the fine print. Thanks for saying you would honor the coupon because those are the terms of the deal.
4	I see a lot of sushi reviews but you have to try their salads and sandwiches.  The Sneaky Pete is outstanding (Salmon with some sort of spicy avacado sauce and the best cibatta I've ever had...from MediTerra I believe).  Portions are perfect for lunch (no 3:00 crash!),  P.A.F.C salad with tuna, salmon or scallops.   Must try for the downtown lunch crowd.Seating is a challenge.  If you go with a friend have one order and one get a seat.  There is a downstairs that I wish they would utilize for lunch.  As much as I love this place I walk out about 20% of the time due to the seating.
5	Tried this place last weekend on the advice of Rachel C.  That lady knows her sushi - the fish was top quality and they had some interesting rolls and combinations.  The crazy tuna and flower roll were the real standouts of the evening.  Plus it's BYO... always a bonus.  I was glad we had a reservation for dinner; the place was packed and we would have been waiting a while with our group of 6 had we not called ahead.
5	I had the Chilean sea bass tacos for lunch!  They were fantastic.  They were the taco del dia, and served with corn/tomato/cilantro and a sour cream.Fresh, Friendly, and Fast.  Triple F is A-OK in my book!When I start straying from my diet too far, I remember PAFC and am never disappointed!
2	Working downtown, choices for sushi places are really limited. I've been here a couple of times when I'm really craving some, but otherwise probably would wait until the next time I'm in NYC or DC for really good Japanese. I had the sashimi lunch plate today, which consists of slices of salmon, lean tuna, fluke, octopus, and imitation crab sticks. The octopus was enjoyable. However, the fish slices were suspect.. warm. hard to chew. The fluke especially was hard to chew and I eventually had to spit it out because it was setting off my gag reflexes.  Never had an issue with freshness of the fish here before but I guess the lesson is that they aren't strict about checking their supply of fish for freshness every service. Inconsistency is NOT something to shrug off lightly when it comes to raw fish, imho. Gonna watch for signs of food poisoning.....wish me luck.
4	Me and two other friends went to this Downtown location last night to try it out. Overall, the experience was fairly positive. The place isn't big to be honest but good thing was it didn't feel cramped either. We got there around 7:30 ish and was seated in a couple of minutes. We didn't go for their traditional appetizers but ordered sushi rolls instead, both from their specialty rolls part of the menu. The first one, forgot what it's called, came in 5 pieces but was rather delicious. Feeling hungry, we ordered a second one, the Ronnie roll. At the same price, it came in 10 pieces but wasn't nearly as good. Their entrees are priced around 30 dollars each. I could only imagine that being in downtown has something to do with it. The portion sizes are on the smaller side. My friend's sea scallops cost $30 and there were only 4 pieces. Now they were cooked perfectly but I'm more used to 3-4 pieces as an appetizer costing $15. I had their swordfish "fingers", basically swordfish sticks breaded and seared. The texture of the meat was what I expected of the swordfish but the "fingers" weren't really seasoned enough to my taste. Yes there was chipotle ketchup on the plate but I would've liked my taste even without it. For dessert, we had their cheesecake. As advertised, it was not as dense as some of the traditional cheesecakes, which I did appreciate. The texture and flavor were both quite good, although for the price ($9) you'd expect it to be. To sum up, nice restaurant for fresh seafood in downtown. But you do pay for the "downtown premium" with higher prices. PS: this is a BYOB place, we brought a bottle of wine and the corkage was $5.
3	Not better then Sushi and Rolls located in Oxford Center.  We opted to go after the lunch rush and entered the restaurant at 2:30pm and had our orderers placed almost immediately.  I was hoping for more of an experience. Such as having the menu reviewed with us or hearing about any fresh catches but none were forth coming.  As other have stated in their review the service was brisk and a little cold. When we walked in the tables were littered with dirty dishes and remained that way for a while.  The sushi tasted very yummy I had a sushi special and my boyfriend had an eel.
4	I was skeptical.... My co-worker and I had walked by Penn Avenue Fish Company a couple times, and each time she raved about how amazing the food is. Finally, on a recent Friday, we ventured here together.The exterior looks mediocre, and when we walked inside, only a few people were dining. However, she warned me that after noon - as it was around 11:45am at the time - the lines would be insane. And they were!I ordered the Blackened Tilapia sandwich. A-Maz-Ing. I always think of fish sandwiches as being a little odd and gross, but this sandwich squashed any and all of my preconceived notions of McDonald's-type Filet-O-Fish.I will definitely be back for lunch (before noon!) and also want to bring my husband here at some point. It's definitely the sort of dining experience that's good enough to share with others!
2	Came here again with a friend who wanted sushi for lunch. I'm still sticking with my two-star rating this time, but for different reasons. Service was good and quick. I got a soup this time, corn and crab chowder. After my last experience with suspiciously unfresh sashimi, I decided to go with something fully cooked. It wasn't anything special, just chowder.Walking into the restaurant today, I was hit with a strong smell of seafood that's gone bad. It smelled fishy, but not in that good first-catch-of-the-day at the docks kind of way. I used the restroom after we were done eating and there were huge gnats all over the wall. I get that it's summer, and humid weather and raw fish don't mix well in small spaces, but I'd expect the restaurant to be extra diligent about cleaning given the type of restaurant it is.9/4/2013 UPDATE:I haven't been to the original restaurant located on Penn Ave yet, so I can't speak for the quality there. I can only hope that it's better.
5	Words cannot express how much I love this place!! I am obsessed with sushi and was sad when we moved to Pittsburgh, because I thought I would have to give it up. Then we discovered this delightful restaurant. Their rolls are fresh and creative and I crave them daily! Hands down the best sushi in Pittsburgh!
5	Amazing restaurant!!!Lunch, dinner, sushi, soup, sandwiches, and main fish dishes.  I'm in Pittsburgh on a long term work assignment and am not sure I would survive without this restaurant.  Fresh, healthy meals are hard to come by when only eating out-- and Penn Avenue Fish Company is my favorite.Ask them for their specials-- unbelievable fresh catches.  I used to say I only liked white light not-fishy fish's to eat... I find myself experimenting and loving it here!!
4	This place has a pretty cool vibe and the food was good as well. I could go up to five starts if I eat here a few more times. Nice work!
5	Best seafood place in town. I went there for my girl's bday and well it was pretty awesome like seriously really good food, I mean I was really scared on how the night was going to turn out but due to the good reviews I decided to give this restaurant a try, so I made reservations and we got there, the waiter was really nice and kind, led us to our table right away and I love that the place is BYOB, no fee if I remember correctly.Anyways, I was really impressed with the food, my girl got a Chilean Fish and I got a Specialty Chef Dinner, and OMG i just loved it. I thought that Monterey Bay was the best fish in Pittsburgh, but it's definitely not! this place is the best! And I recommend it to everyone, give it a shot, bring your own wine and enjoy the best seafood in Pittsburgh.
3	First time I've had decent nigiri or sashimi in Pittsburgh.  There was nothing spectacularly interesting on the menu(the sushi menu I mean, I haven't sampled their sandwiches or entrees but they looked good) but the fish hadn't been frozen and it was cut appropriately.  The sushi wouldn't be even remotely notable on the west coast, but hey, Pittsburgh isn't known for its sushi.  I'll happily come here again.  Good job guys.
5	Delicious! Some of the best sushi I have had in Pittsburgh.  The fish was all very fresh and if your not in a sushi mood, they have great sandwiches too.  I would recommend either location to anyone in the Pittsburgh area that likes fish.
3	I was so happy when I found out that they have fish company at Downtown. The food is not as fresh as the one in the stripe. I like the one in stripe better even they have the same menu.
4	Pros: Great sushi - wonderfully fresh and tasty. My go-to is the Flower Roll, but the other ones I've tried are delicious too. Helpful and pleasant staff,  Quick service. Cons: Really, the only con I can think of is that it can be hard to get a seat sometimes, because it's well known for its excellent food. Go at 11:30 AM if you can!
4	I really don't understand how I am just discovering this place, but boy am I glad that it's now part of my repertoire. Some co-workers invited me to have lunch with them and I jumped at the  opportunity because I love seafood and I'm always game to try something new. For the most part I think the combination of fish and cheese is weird, so I was happy that they accommodated the substitutions I made to the tuna sandwich I ordered. I thought the tuna was fresh and perfectly grilled. I went back a week later to have two maki rolls: the tuna and unagi. Both were good and tuna was very fresh. The service is pretty fast. Hope I get to make it to their other location in the Strip. Am definitely a fan.
5	The best sushi I've had in all of pittsburgh. We started with the tuna tacos Which were a great appetizer and hint of what's to come. Both of us enjoyed sushi, 2rolls a piece and both of mine were specialty rolls. Extremely fresh and creative favors. My favorite item was the Rock N Roll, just fantastic. We will be back and the price was more than fair. Only improvement would be their liquor license is still in the works, BYOB.
5	If I lived in Pittsburgh I would come here so often that they'd have to get a restraining order. I really like this spot. All of their food seems delicious. Today my friend grabbed the crab cake sandwich and rice. The sandwich was served on a fresh brioche bun that looked amazing. Good sized crab cake and slaw. The rice pilaf and chick peas was a nice change from French fries.The sushi menu is diverse and I can see coming back daily for new experiences. Today was the shrimp tempura roll which was great! I also ordered a cup of the mushroom and salmon soup. I don't even like mushrooms, but this was such a tasty soup! The service was quick and friendly.This location is pretty limited on seating so I can see it being an issue during peak times. They were out of several things today which was disappointing, but you can't fault a place that's selling out.
3	My wife and I dined here for lunch.  It was super busy inside, so this was definitely a popular place.  I ordered the spicy swordfish sandwich.  I can normally handle some spice.  This had several whole habernero peppers on it.  This completely overpowered the sandwich and my taste buds.  I took them off after one bite but the damage was already done.  My wife had a mahi sandwich and loved it.  Overall I'm sure my experience would have been much different had I tried something less spicy, but this kind of left me with a sour taste.
5	Not yet living here but visiting to search out a new abode, husband and I were staying in a nice hotel downtown and now were in search of a "date night" venue, a quiet venue with a bit of ambiance (but not over the top) and subdued lighting to have some wine and a scrumptious meal.  Well, this restaurant totally fit the bill to a tee.  It's a small, quaint place (translated:  not many tables).  Our hostess was very pleasant and accommodating as we turned down a table near the door for the opportunity for another more intimate one with only a little bit of a wait.  While waiting, we sat at the bar and perused the menu full of sushi roll options and a limited but worthy entree list.Once seated, we opted for a bottle of wine (and, as with all restaurants, the markup is significant) and ordered two of the entrees -- chilean see bass and snapper.  They were both superb both in presentation and flavor.  The lighting was low, the service was attentive, the food fresh and appealing.  Pricey, but worth it.  I'll have to do sushi another time.
4	I love this place.  I prefer the location in the Strip, but was happy to see they had opened something downtown, which I caught completely by chance as I was walking around looking for lunch.  I got my old standby, the spicy tuna sandwich (formerly the Navajo) and it was just as delicious as ever.  I can't comment on the sushi since I have never had it, but if looks mean anything, it certainly LOOKS excellent.
4	This place was super cute and delicious -- ask to sit downstairs if you're looking for more quiet and intimate.  Upstairs was pretty loud by comparison.Docking one star because dinner is quite pricey, unless you're specifically looking for sushi.  I sought this place out partially because of the $$ Yelp had given it -- which is true for lunch.  But for dinner entrees, you're looking at $28+.  That being said, my parents split the sea bass and they did an amazing job plating split portions, which were both extremely generous.  The sushi is solid as well and my parents RAVED about the salad.  I'd skip the tacos, they were tiny and hard shell which made them difficult to eat.
1	We come here a lot. Not anymore. The manager/server/resident 'I don't care' girl....horrible. Literally horrible service. This place is being run into the ground. Owners should really take notice and make a change. You don't want a smart, rude employee, especially in this capacity. Food came out wrong, some wasn't even brought out until 15 minutes after everything else. Tried to give us free dessert, no thanks. Literally told us she didn't care when we complained about her service and our orders being wrong. Then....she put a gratuity on our check-this is no longer a legal practice. Hasn't been for months. It's a shame because the food is excellent.  The way we were treated was inexcusable. If I could give zero stars I would.  Owners will be getting a phone call.
2	First time here...probably won't go back. This part of downtown is a little seedy. Lots of street people just hanging out in the neighborhood. Major construction on a high-rise just across the street.I arrived at restaurant about 130 in the afternoon. The lunch crowd was just starting to clear out. The fact that there were so many people there would seem to indicate that overall I think the food is probably good.However my energy lunch,as they call it, was less than satisfactory. I should have returned it but I was pressed for time and very hungry. It was grilled salmon with a bean salad. The salad was very good. But the salmon was grilled to the point that it was very black on one side and partly black on the other. This gave it a distinctive charcoal taste. Not good at all.Plus the customer behind me walked out when he was told his favorite dish was out of stock.Due to the location and my particular dish which was terrible, I will probably not be going back. I know this is unfair judging it on just one experience but again how can you mess up on a nice cut of fish like that?Having a Wesley Snipes movie playing on the TV at the back of the restaurant with body parts and blood flying was also an interesting touch!
4	This place gets better with each visit.  They now know who I am and give great service and exceptional sushi and sashimi.....They really want their customers to be happy with their food and service.
1	My experience with Penn Avenue Fish Company started off pretty great.  My team and I are here on a work assignment in the area.  I found this place on Google yesterday, so we all agreed to check it out.  The decor was really cute, and even though it was a small restaurant and crowded, we got prompt and attentive service.  The waitress brought our food out quickly and it was delicious!  We all loved what we had and agreed to come back the next day.Today was a different story.  One coworker ordered the black cod chowder, which he really enjoyed.  Three of us ordered the salad.  One had grilled shrimp, my boss had salmon, and I had the swordfish since she was raving about how great it was the day before.The grilled shrimp salad came out first.  After waiting fifteen minutes after that, we tried to get the waitress' attention to find out why the food was taking so long, but she kept flying past us delivering food to people who had come in after us.  My boss finally got her attention while she was walking past us.  My boss started to ask her about our food, but she rudely cut her off and said, "not yet", and kept walking.  No explanation, no assurance, no apology, just "not yet."   We saw another staff member dealing with a problem order, so my boss went to ask her what was happening with our food.  She told her that different food takes different amounts of time.  (Thanks for the tidbit, Captain Obvious.)  My boss explained that we had ordered a salad with fish and that it shouldn't take this long.  She went back to check and told us that our food was in the window and it was coming out now.  We basically waited over 30 minutes for our salads after the other salad had come out and we had ordered them together.  The waitress brought our food, still with no apology for the wait.  Our coworkers had long since finished their food and were waiting for us.  I had two bites of my salad, which tasted really good.  Then I took a bite of my fish.  It wasn't really hot for something that just came out and the salmon and my swordfish were burnt on the bottom.  I explained to the other staff member about the fish.  I told her that I didn't want another one since it took so long in the first place, and wanted my money back.  She went to get the manager who turned out to be the rude server who we had already had issues with.I told her that the fish was burnt.  She said that it wasn't burnt and that all of their fish is fried all the way through or something to that affect.  I think I know the difference between well done and burnt, but whatever.  This isn't my first time out of the house.  She asked me if I wanted them to fix up another fish and I said no. She said that she would put it in as a priority and I said no.  I wanted my money back.   It took too long and we needed to get back to work.  She came over, put the money on the table and left.  We barely saw her.  No one apologized.  The waitress / manager and the other staff member were rude and condescending.  It was clear that customer service was a foreign concept for both women.  It would have been okay had there been better communication.  It was busy, they are understaffed with there only being one waitress who happens to also be the manager.  Mistakes happen and I get it, but to avoid us at first, cut us off when asking a valid question, and then not apologize for what happened says a lot.  I would not go back there and I wouldn't recommend it to any one else.  It is unfortunate, because the food was awesome yesterday.  This place makes my the no-no list.Signed,Cruise Director
1	I went dinner there and was completely fooled by those review and pictures. I ordered a large plate of sea bass but the serve was so small and taste really salty. Basically, I filled myself with the ice water there.
5	I am particular about what I eat and I travel frequently which adds a layer of stress when it comes to eating well. I was more than pleasantly surprised when I had dinner at the Penn Avenue Fish company two nights ago. I had a lovely waitress who really went the extra mile to help describe the entrees and make sure I got what I wanted and not order too much food. She genuinely wanted me to be happy and was successful. Next and even more important was the food itself which was outstanding. I had the triple tail special, it was perfectly prepared and delicious. The fish was  mild tasting, moist and flaky with a crisp crust. It was fresh as could be, delicately seasoned and served over seasonal vegetables that were cooked perfectly. I did not have sushi or dessert so I can not comment on either, but I thought about my meal several times since then and wish this restaurant was in my home town.
1	Wowwwwwww. It's currently 8:30. We got here at 7:30. Still no sushi. It makes me a little uneasy that sushi would take that long. Waitress was decent but the wait killed it. Although we are new to the area, I know one place going on the never again list.
5	My roommate and I decided to get sushi here since it was very close to our apartment and we'd heard good things. The place was very empty when we got there, which was good, since as a result we had great service. The sushi was quick, fresh, and tasty. We got the Spicy California, which was our favorite of the night, the Sunshine, and the Flower roll. All three were good but very basic. We will probably return for sushi another time.
5	I love sushi and this is great sushi at a reasonable price! Might be my favorite place to get sushi regularly in Pittsburgh. They have a lot of great speciality rolls. The pretty girl roll is one of my favorites but I try to get something different each time I go. I definitely recommend going!
2	We came with a large group of friends for a birthday dinner.  We started with a sushi plate, which was great, and then I ordered the sea bass and my boyfriend ordered the black cod.  The black cod was very good, but there was something about the sea bass that I just couldn't get past - it tasted like perm solution, but I couldn't figure out why.  I passed the dish to my boyfriend, who immediately said it tasted like ammonia.  When we asked the waitress, she said another diner had the same comment on the dish, and that we just must not like the miso glaze on the fish.  Unfortunately, it wasn't until after we left and in talking with others / looking online that we realized the ammonia taste is a product of fish that isn't fresh.  Really?  We come to a seafood restaurant, order a $40 dish, and can't expect fresh fish.  Needless to say, we won't be back, as we've had much better experiences at other area seafood restaurants.
2	I debated over how many stars to give this place and I know part of the reason for my low rating is that the location in the Strip is my absolute favorite sushi restaurant in Pittsburgh and I was so terribly disappointed here.  This location is in an odd area in the middle of a bunch of construction so it's really hard to get to and the street is dark and hard to see. I guess this will improve when the construction is finished.  Some reviews on here said they are BYOB but it seems they serve beer, wine and sake now.  This place seems to be a fancier version of the one in the strip, but they don't quite make it work.  It has more of a dining room feel, with darker lights and a bit fancier looking, but it still has some fisherman type decor, and it's of course not a fish market like the other location so it doesn't have any of that. The kitchen and sushi bar are very prominently located in the small dining room, though it appeared they had more dining tables downstairs.  A shelf of napkins, forks, and some old pieces of ripped up cardboard and various other random things hanging out (see my pictures) was oddly smack in middle of the restaurant directly across from our table, in between the two bar areas, which seemed quite odd and extremely casual for the look this restaurant seemed to be going for (and he prices!).So when we arrive it was around 5:15pm and we were going for an early dinner since we had tickets to the Nutcracker at 7pm.  The hostess greets us not very friendly like and asks if we have a reservation.  Note that the restaurant is completely empty except for 1 table of 2 people.  We say we don't, since we didn't expect there to be many people here this early.  She tries to seat us at a high table right by the door and it's cold outside so I ask for one of the booth tables farther in the back.  She said we can't have one of those since we didn't make a reservation (really?! your restaurant is totally empty and we just want a quick dinner before our show!).  She does let us sit at another table in the back, but it turns out that's right next to a busy walkway right by the stair and the staff were constantly going in and out of that area carrying things so it was not such a great seat.  When we did finally leave just over an hour later only one other of those tables had been filled!My main issue was the quality of the service, which was horrible!  Besides the rude hostess, when we were seated our server didn't even greet us and just filled our water and left again.  She didn't return for about 15 minutes, only then when I finally waved her over.  Most of this time she was chatting with other staff at the restaurant and completely ignoring us.  When I finally caught her gaze and waved her over I said we are ready to order drinks.  She responded "I see that" in a really rude tone like she was annoyed with me for getting her attention.  Since we didn't know if it would be 15 min before we see her again I also ordered an appetizer.  As she was about to leave my friend then asked for the specials and she was like "oh I thought you might want to take your time!" Who doesn't read the specials first thing? Then we explained we had a show in an hour and she became slightly more attentive then, but she just seemed flippant and unfriendly about it.  The worst part was that all of the servers, the hostess, and even some of the kitchen staff would all congregate behind this screen by the hostess desk and chit chat really loudly and obnoxiously all through our dinner, even when tables were clearly in need of service.  Our table was positioned so we could see them behind the screen all looking at their computers, iphones, laptops etc. sharing pictures and videos.  At one point they played a video so loudly they were all watching together that we could hear it clearly from 20 ft away, then they all started talking and laughing about it loudly, meanwhile everyone in the restaurant is ignored.  This is so unprofessional! The food I ordered was great (the sushi special and the tuna gougeres app) and I would have probably rated this a 4 for the food alone, but it wasn't as amazing as the fresh fish I had in the strip.  The tuna gougeres consisted of tuna tartare inside these little puff pastries which were really interesting and the sushi special included a special roll, seaweed salad and 2 pieces of nigiri for about $26.  I'm really concerned about some of the other reviews on here that seem to have been served fish that was starting to spoil.   That didn't happen to me, but it also wasn't quite as fresh as the other location.  The prices were also quite high for some of the portion sizes, especially my friend's order of the taco appetizer, which consisted of 2 of the tinies tacos I have ever seen.  I paid about twice as much here as I normally do at the other location for the same amount of food and it is better quality in the strip! I'll be sticking to the strip location from now on!
