5	This is one of the best brunch spots in town, but you better come hungry.  It's a great spot to bring folks from out of town or relatives you need to impress but my favorite is our "ladies who brunch" crowd. When you first walk in, look for the little closet to your left.  The entire thing is "papered" with the silver sheet of Wrigley's gum wrappers. It's great to see the sense of humor in a place that could otherwise be a bit overwhelming.Membership to the Wrigley Mansion Club is just $10 a year, so it's affordable for all.  We originally went when my friend got a members email about a discount they were doing for their first brunch of the year.  Half price was an awesome way to do it, though the $42/person fee isn't really bad at all for this level of champagne brunch.  The food was really quite good and displayed very nicely in different rooms based on the type of food.  This was a great opportunity to go from room to room and back to your table again.  After brunch it's great to grab a drink at the bar and hang out outside to just enjoy the view.Final note - yes, valet is the only way to go.  I can't imagine trying to even remember where I parked my car on this large estate!  I leave that to the experts!
5	My husband and I were fortunate enough to be invited to a wedding at this beautiful venue last weekend.  Driving up the mountainside, you reach this beautiful building with incredible city and mountain views.  Due to the rain on Friday and Saturday morning, they had to move the ceremony inside, but it worked out perfectly.  The mansion was decorated for Christmas and it was so lovely.  After the ceremony, the doors opened to the reception room that included floor to ceiling windows so that the views and sunset could be taken in by everyone.  The tables were set beautifully with gold chargers and nice silver.  The appetizers served during the cocktail hour were all delicious especially the quiche and the tomato and mozerrella crackers.  The bar was prompt and the dinner of beef tenderloin was great.  Make sure you check out all of the decor if you make it up to the mansion.  The Wrigley's were definitely not minimalists!
5	Whoa! What an amazing place, with even more amazing views of Paradise Valley opulence. Hey, this IS the former mansion of the Wrigley chewing gum dude!It's been awhile, but I do remember being awestruck the first time I visited. I have been back recently for casual networking functions.The dining rooms are unique and elegant with original masterpieces on the wall, the food is exquisite, the service is 1st class all the way.If you want to blow someone away - take them here.
5	Best Halloween Party in the valley.   Get your friends organized and come to this Halloween party.   It is awesome.   I have gone two years now and am amazed at the creativity and boldness of the costumes.   It is a perfect venue.   It is really like roaming around in a haunted house.   Two live bands and the drink prices were reasonable.    Hey,  two girls were only wearing body paint!  Wow.The view at sunset is just breathtaking.    Great place for a really special date.
4	Is it an historic mansion, high above Phoenix, with a famous history of who's who? Indeed. Was it a fun venue for a concert by CeCe Peniston? Absolutely. Did I enjoy the limo, wine in the dressing room and VIP treatment from their staff? You bet your sweet ass I did. But the smell. Seriously. Like my geriatric Aunt Helen's closet. Or the community room at a convalescent home. Or Bea Arthur's hair. Here I thought it would smell like Juicy Fruit.
5	Sweet.  I went to the bar, Geordie's, for my first visit to the Mansion.  Had a few glasses of wine and then started to wander.  What a neat place to get away from it all and relax.  The bar menu is pretty limited so keep that in mind, oh and I hear that this place closes for special events so always call ahead. And the view is not too bad either.
5	Have you tried Fireside Sunday evenings? A band, outdoor patio seating, best view in the state, firepits, heat lamps, free buffet (if your table spends $20+ on drinks, easliy done! esp. since they have drink specials). Great for family, kids, older, younger, date nite.
5	I have now attended a few events at Wrigley, or "The Mansion" as I like to call it. "What are you doing tonight?""Oh I am attending a little soiree at 'The Mansion." I want to live here,,,and be Batman...maybe Iron Man, I haven't decided for sure. Go here. Be Tony Stark, or Bruce Wayne for the night.There is something indescribably awesome about donning the pocket square and having drinks and socializing in a friggin masion.The drinks tend to be pricey but if they weren't I don't know if I would feel nearly as cool being here. When I live here I will throw crazy UYEs so you should all be prepared to dress the nines and party all night.
5	Such fun Halloween parties!  Love wandering around.  Beautiful place.  Fun to be with a group.  Attended a Christmas Business party there one time.  Great food and service.  Always a good time!Oh, and I really wish they had a coat check.  Hauling around my coat at the Christmas party was a drag.
4	Kinda dumpy, and not entirely in an endearing, it's-an-almost-hundred-year-old-place kinda way.  Service was ok-ish, music terrible (live music Friday nights - not a fan myself).  This place gets 4 stars for the food.  Burger and fries.  Epic win.  Burger with bacon, dried apples (??? I know, right?!) and a huge gob of blue cheese on an english muffin.  Fries were awesome, too, served with a giant cuppa ketchup.  Burger was slightly overdone, unsure whether there was ordering confusion or what happened (I shared the burger w/ a friend, we both agreed it was awesome despite unfortunate well-doneness).  I liked my drink, I paid 15.50 for two of em which is a pretty good deal.  All-in-all, a surprisingly accessible yet highly unique place - offbeat.  Seems like it needs a look at the details - a fresh coat of paint, so to speak.  I'm totally coming back here when I need a place with character.  I'm psyched about getting the food here again, too.
4	Well I certainly wouldn't mind living here...unless spearmint flavored ghosts wander the halls after midnight. Anyway...I had a lovely evening here celebrating the birthdays of Matthew and Shannon and even Emily (?) whom I hadn't met. The place absolutely targets an older crowd but the indoor lounge space above the bar was comfortable enough for our group and nearly private. I'm not a huge liquor drinker so I missed out on the five dollar cocktails until 7PM and their wine list was okay but had very few by the glass options. The chef's taco of the night was cod and even though it was a frozen battered affair, the seasonings really brought it to life. The tortillas were a disaster though, they were literally pulled straight from the Mission flour tortilla bag and not even heated. sad. Oh i snatched a few truffle flavored french fries from Christina and thought they were just right...mmm french fries...Wrigley's has a beautiful organic feel to it, the way it hugs the hilltop and the views are killer! Briana was very friendly and it was nice to see the chef come up to say hello too. The Friday night live music was not my speed, but god bless that man for singing his heart out to a practically empty room. I think this would be a great place for a private party, maybe a rehearsal dinner or business party.
5	I love the Wrigley Mansion! I was there a few years ago for a wine maker's dinner and it was beyond memorable: the food, the wine, the views.And, just last night about 12 of us gathered to celebrate a birthday. The staff were very accommodating and offered us the loft above Geordie's for a semiprivate feel. We didn't have any "minimums" or "room rentals." Our server did a great job and got quite the work out going up and down the stairs with our drinks and food! Happy hour runs until 7 and features $5 specialty martinis, which are full size and strength! There's even a tequilla-tini that tastes like a margarita and looks like a Mexican flag!The executive chef came up to welcome and thank our group, which was such a hospitable gesture! I told him how I enjoyed the truffle fries and the burger (see Andrew K's review - BTW, I'm the one who screwed it up by saying "not too much pink") and he explained how they pride themselves on knowing where all their food comes from. They even dry those apples themselves - in-house!It's true that the place was NOT crowded, which works for me because it means I don't have to fight with anyone for a seat to watch some of the country's best sunsets over a cocktail! I really need to come here more often! I will definitely be back!!
4	I have had several meal at the Mansion Club. There is NO membership by the way, well ok its like $10 a year. Jordie Hormel, the owner (recently passed away) needed to do that to annoy the neighbors. Good for him. There are some great stories there.The Club has started a "pay what you think its worth" lunch. The menu is quite wonderful, London Broil, A fantastic burger, Caesar Salad and a few other things. The meal is awesome, kudos to the Chef. By the way if you ever want to have a Sunday Brunch that you won't forget, go there on a Sunday. It is pricey BUT you won't find a wider selection of food, and I mean great food, seafood, steaks, soups, appetizers, and don't get me started on desserts.Ok, back to pay what you think. While that part is true, they bring out the bill and you fill in what you want to pay, what they don't tell you is that iced tea is $3 and there is tax and of course tip.So it will still cost you around $10 if you put down $5 or $6.I had a meet up there with a friend, we both know the place well. Guess I try to keep lunches under $7 these days. Our waitress was wonderful, and the chef did come by the table to say hello. We got to sit outside, we requested that. It was nice, but the umbrellas had to be moved a few times to cut off the suns direct rays.I have no problems with the food, its the best. I wish they were a little more open on beverage costs. They also offered a dessert menu that was extra, and I hate to admit it but I passed. Items were $5 each on there, and the list was pretty impressive for a midweek lunch.I'll be back but be ready to pay $10 unless you put down $5 or less for the actual meal.
4	After living in AZ for most of my life, I have finally been to the Wrigley Mansion! Who knew it would take this long and now I can't wait to go back! As a surprise, the BF made a dinner reservation here on Friday and it was great! We had a table outside and really enjoyed the amazing view and the atmosphere of this awesome Phoenix gem! Overall, the food was pretty good (loved the truffle fries!) and the service was good, although a bit slow, but none of that mattered because it is just too cool of a place! Most of all, you gotta love a night that starts with being handed a glass of champagne and told to go roam at your leisure around this gorgeous property with so much cool history! Really worth checking out and also a great location for large and small parties as they have multiple rooms that can accommodate groups! Can't wait to go back!
4	Go for Sunday brunch.  The champagne keeps flowing without even having to prompt for a refill.  With shrimp, oysters, lamb, prime rib, an omelet station (with lobster!) and other assorted breakfast stuff you can't go wrong.  It's a little "blue hair" and there are ladies in hats so the "hipness" factor is definitely not there.  However, it's a classic experience that you'll be glad you had.  Definitely a fun place to feed & graze on a Sunday and the view is sweet!
4	For a special occasion (my daughter's birthday) my family made reservations at Geordie's at the Wrigley Mansion for their Sunday brunch. First of all, the atmosphere is fabulous...gorgeous old mansion with wonderful architectural accents and the view....well it is easily the best in the valley. We have been here before and usually it was crowded but yesterday it was practically a ghost town. It is expensive, and times are tough, and of course it is summer in the valley...but still there was no one in the bar and only one of the beautiful rooms was being used to seat diners. The brunch is lovely, with all the typical stuff: made to order omelets, salad bar, breakfast breads a plenty and the two things that are MOST important to my husband: big cold shrimp and carved prime rib! Our service was impeccable and wonderfully friendly. For a lovely, delicious brunch with some class, check it out!
5	Last weekend we went to Wrigley Mansion for the fabulous Sunday champagne brunch and it certainly did not disappoint! This was my 4th trip to the Mansion for special occasions, and I was sad to see how empty it was compared to the previous times I had been before! We had a 1PM reservation and by 2:30 we were pretty much the last table in the place.However, the servers were wonderfully friendly and helpful and the food stayed replenished the entire time, which I appreciated greatly since it was such a quiet day. The best parts of the brunch are the endless champagne/mimosas and the variety of the buffett, especially the seafood and omelet stations. Last year we decided to try a different brunch spot and it was not even close to Wrigley. Plus, it is so reasonably priced! (around $40 a person) So in summation, if you are looking for a great brunch with killer views, look no further.
5	This place is amazing. We did the tour of the mansion with lunch to follow. The place is filled with so much interesting history we just loved it.  Lunch was interesting....They have a promotion going on that for lunch you name the price of the meal. I really thought, ok this may not be that good... But just the opposite. The plates were huge and the food was very tasty. I had the beef dip with white truffle fries and it was so much I couldn't finish it. My dad had the penne pasta with shimp. And where you'd think you'd get these itty bitty shimps, that is not the story here. They were very large and plentiful. My boyfriend had the veggie wrap and he enjoyed all the fresh veggies and salad. The hardest part was coming up with a price for the entree, it was all so good we averaged our meal between $10-$15 for each plate.
4	i love hitting up the wrigley mansion for a cocktail with a girlfriend. the music is generally pretty good and the bartender has always been entertaining. the place draws a diverse and interesting crowd for people-watching. strangely enough, since my first visit almost 7 years ago, i've had a strange recurring nightmare where the setting is the dear old wrigley mansion. i certainly can't blame the wrigleys, or anyone else for that matter, but it was worth mentioning.to fully enjoy the experience, bring a friend ... someone that will notice what you don't, and vice versa. take the time to walk around. a tour isn't necessary, but will provide insights into the mansion you couldn't have gotten on the self-guided version. enjoy the gardens, the grounds, the ambiance, the splendor. imagine a time when people lived here. and take a short moment to be thankful to have access to this gem.
4	I thought this place rocked.We made dinner reservations for a Friday night for a table with a view.We were in the inside portion of the mansion with a large party.The food was great, views were great, drinks were great.My favorite part was being handed a glass of sparkling wine as we entered.  Yay!After dinner we explored the house.  Then we moved to the lounge and found a very, very entertaining and maybe drunk lounge singer (think of the band at the end of the Hangover movie)I would definitely return for a fancy brunch or special night out.
2	The ambiance was amazing, the sparkling wine upon entry is a great touch, and the service was decent (although a bit young and inexperienced overall).So with all the highlights out of the way, let's get on to my problem with the Wrigley Mansion.  The food was overall good, but not exquisite.  Of the four dishes that we tried, I would have thought we selected from the menu of a $15 per plate neighborhood restaurant, not a $25+ fine dining destination.Then I ordered the wine, 2004 Rombauer Merlot, a very familiar vintage for me.  It was bad.  Next glass, different bottle, also bad (can't remember what it was, though).  I ended up with a glass of the house wine.  Bad wine is unacceptable for any restaurant, especially when wine can play such an important role in the meal.Dessert was great, but I only know because I stole a bite from Catherine's plate.  I'm just not a desert guy.Overall, I would say that yes I will go back as soon as they lower prices and downgrade the ambiance to be more casual, or fix the problems.  Until then, I can think of several better values for fine dining, mostly in the very same area where Wrigley Mansion competes for business.
5	I have to add to the chorus of 5-stars...My g/f and I were here a couple of weeks ago, and sat out on the deck of Geordie's sipping happy hour martinis and cosmos the likes of which only "The Mansion" can serve up. Our server was ultra-friendly and helpful as we soaked up one of the best views in the Valley. We had the pomme frites as a shared appetizer with some kind of bleu cheese topping - c'est magnifique! Cost was very doable. We also enjoyed wandering around the place learning the history of this beautifully and authentically preserved gem of Phoenix. Go as soon as you can, and yes - call ahead to make sure they aren't closed for a special event.
5	It's always a treat to go to Wrigley's for their Champagne Sunday Brunch! The views are amazing and the beautiful weather yesterday definitely topped it off. The food is always great (I never know where to start, and always eat way too much). The staff, including everyone from valet to our server, were very pleasant, helpful and seemed genuinely happy to be there.  Our server, I think her name was Elaine, was on point and made it a great dining experience.   Hard to pick, but my favorite was probably the salmon, and mimosas of course! I can't wait till the next time!  Also has great photo ops, the grounds are beautiful.
4	I went to Wrigley with the Network of Business Women.  It was my first time there.  I had no idea where it was, but once I got there, I was pleasantly surprised.  The atmosphere was so beautiful and relaxed.  It was a great place to have lunch.  I had a steak salad and it was absolutely yummy.  Great history on the house...I need to go back for their free tours.  I think they are at 10 and 3 everyday they are open.  (Check on that first)I heard they have a great Sunday Brunch, so I will be making my way out there again.  I would love to hang out on their patio one fall morning or evening.  Either way it would be awesome.
5	If you are not enjoying half price bottles of wine...while on the casual outdoor patio overlooking the city...on a Sunday afternoon from 4PM-8PM...listening to the AWESOME band, Delcoa, you are totally missing out on a fabulous event!This reminds me of my favorite Keats quote, "Give me books, French wine, and fine weather, and a little music out of doors played by someone I do not know."Don't expect great service, but the atmosphere and the band totally make up for it.Check out the band at: http://www.myspace.com/delcoa.
4	This was the first time I'd been to Wrigley Mansion while it was open.  I had a "private tour" by an employee once and got to see everything and it really is a great place.Went for a birthday party and we had dinner.  $5 for valet parking, which is really reasonable, I think.  Especially in heels, cuz this girl ain't walkin' up them thar stairs.  We had a private dining room, about 25 or so of us.  Wait staff did an awesome job dealing with such a huge party and handling our bill.If it weren't for the food and price, I would have given this place 5 stars.  I started with the leek tart, which was amazing and a great portion size for an appetizer.Next, had the Tuna Nicoise salad.  This is where they lose a star, and it wasn't just me voicing a problem with the size of the portion.  There was definitely plenty of tuna on it, but as Erin said "You'd think they would have put more of the cheap stuff on it" meaning there wasn't a whole lot of salad.  And the roasted potatoes that came with it?  I had two cubes of HARD potatoes.  They were barely cooked.  The tuna was perfectly seared on the outside and still nicely red on the inside.  If it weren't for that, I would have been horribly disappointed.  $43 for an appetizer, a salad and a bottle of Pellegrino.  (That included the gratuity added for such a large group).  Wrigley is all about the ambiance and view, and it surpasses what you could describe it to be.  Seeing the city at night and being surrounded by cool peeps is what really made the place!
1	Wrigley For Halloween? - Save your money! We decided to come here for Halloween and spend the pricey admittance fee because we had heard favorably about it from friends that had gone in prior years.  Bar style food was included,  free give-a-ways, lots of halloween like entertainment.    So we forked over the $50 a piece and thought this would be a lot of fun.  More like a ton of disappointment.$50 bought us entry into the mansion and nothing else.  Oh, did I mention we had to pay for parking too? It was collected as you drove into the property.  That wasn't mentioned anywhere.  Drinks were small, WEAK and overpriced. ($7.00)  Not very decorated at all for Halloween.   They were serving food... appetizers were $10 a piece.  We overheard complaints from other party goers on how Wrigley had "cheaped out this year". I had talked to a couple that had gone for the last 4 years and they also confirmed that this was not the Wrigley they had gone too also and they were also disappointed.So my review.... I'll never go again.   Total waste of time and money.
3	The food was pretty disappointing for the price, and the drinks menu left much to be desired.  The music was ok, and the service was very close to on-point for the size of the party.  The space is tremendous; as many have said, it's one of the very few places like it in Phoenix with real history.  I just wish they would bring the kitchen and bar up to the same level as the location.
4	Brunch at the Wrigley Mansion is something every Phoenician needs to experience in their lifetime.  The mansion itself is a feast for the eyes, with its spanish colonial, californian, and mediterranean architecture.  Built in the late 1920s to early 30s, this 24-room home was adorned with gold leaf ceilings, making it look all the more like the castle on the hill.  Come on a weekend and visit Geordie's restaurant, where you will have the brunch experience of your life.Picture yourself in a sun room, overlooking the verdant neighborhoods of Paradise Valley and the Biltmore, with the glittering skyline of Phoenix in the distance.  Live piano music wafts into the room, as the smells of bread puddings and cobblers, french toasts and waffles, roast turkey and prime rib envelop your senses.  Champagne glasses sparkle on the table, covered with crisp white linens, as a well dressed waiter approaches the table to fill the bottom-less champagne flute with your mimosa.The lavish and wickedly indulgent buffet is worth every bit of the $50 price tag.  This beats any brunch buffet in Vegas, and is gastronomic luxury at its finest.Below are just a few of the items that my company and I indulged in, and loved immensely.Cherry chocolate cobbler, (oh mercy, I thought i had tried it all - until i savored this) blueberry bread pudding, (the gods have smiled on thee) cherry blintz, carrot cake, caramel cheese cake, chocolate espressocake, Danishes, the lavish salad bar, exotic fruit including figs and papaya, seafood bar featuring oysters and shrimp, made to order omlets, various pastas, prime rib, eggs Benedict, and french toast.Savor a taste of the past, bask in the views and the sun, sip mimosas until you can't stand straight, and eat lots of chocolate cherry cobbler.Special thanks go out to Stephanie Vieira, Catering Sales and Special Events Manager, who recently sponsored a wonderful event at the Wrigley for local wedding and event professionals.  Food selection and entertainment were excellent.  I would highly recommend this facility for a romantic wedding, or just celebrating a special occasion.
3	Want a beautiful mountain top patio with mountain and city views but lack the 2.5 mil? Than this may be a good spot. On Sunday nights, they have live music drinks and a buffet on the patio. While the buffet did not look even remotely appetizing but it was cheap ($5) the views, music and wine were decent. This particular evening the wine bottles were half off so they were only somewhat overpriced. I opted for a strong and sweet wine from Lodi ca.One complaint I did have was our service my water never got refilled, I had to refill my wine glass, my chilled white wine bottle came without a ice bucket on a warm outdoor eveningThis is a great spot for an early Sunday date.
4	Amazing food, amazing views. Great secret date place.
5	My boyfriend took me to Wrigley Mansion on our first official date. To say the least it was amazing! Although parking may seem to be a challenge, but there is always Valley Parking, which is not too expensive. The view from this place is just spectacular - you see the whole Phoenix at your feet! Since I come from Europe I immediately appreciated the architecture of the mansion. The rooms are rather small to modern taste, but for the times when if was build, of course, these are just perfect. When you go, definitely check out the bathrooms! Most of them have a comfy couch where you can lounge for a bit, but don't take too long as there may be a line of people waiting after you :)The food was great! We had duck and salmon. It came out of the kitchen really fast and was very delicious for our European taste buds. Service was not annoying, they allowed us some privacy, which is awesome for the first date :)The hall where we ate had live music. I think they have someone perform every night on the weekend. And right before we left, we visited  the hall next door and learned to Swing dance with a group of regulars :) It was a very fun date and definitely worth the time and money!
4	Sunday night outdoors at the wrigley is wonderful!  Half price bottles of wine, a great buffet and fun, live entertainment.   Our waitress was not great, but it didn't really matter since it was a buffet and we had our wine and glasses.  We will be back!
3	I didn't stay to eat, so I really can not rate the food or service, The mansion was absolutely beautiful, its a great central location and I totally recommend it for weddings, events, or parties; but I was really looking forward to their Sunday Happy Hour at Geordie's on the Patio, so we tried to go on 4th of July. The only food available were a choice of 5 sandwiches:( hot dogs, chicken, burger, brats, mahi-mahi with a choice of one side.) Although I understand it was meant to be like a barbecue, and possible special event for the holiday, there were no options if you were a vegetarian such as a simple salad. The beer choices were Bud light, miller light, I think Corona and Michelob, so if you like a craft beer you are out of luck. I recommend the option for a selection of a few craft beers, and a little more variety in food. The Patio was definitely beautiful with a fantastic view, in a cooler weather situation would be optimal---there were no misters set up and there were only two umbrellas in the middle that shaded about 2 tables on the entire patio, so most of the seating was in the sun, and here in Phoenix it is a little too hot to be sitting outside for long periods without some relief from the sun and during the summer months it does not get dark until around 8pm. I was really looking forward to seeing Delcoa play, but by bad timing I guess we showed up during a break in between sets. I would have really liked this place under slightly different circumstances. The Happy hour definitely has potential.
5	The Wrigley Mansion holds a spot in my heart already (its where the husband first told me he loved me, so romantic) This place is top notch and extremely impressive whether you are having lunch or just drinks. My aunt is visiting from out of town and I really wanted to give her a good time. I had mentioned that we should try to get reservations at the Wrigley and her eyes lit up! As it turns out, in the 30 years she has been coming to visit no one has ever taken her there! I called and was able to get a lunch reservation for the very next day! Everyone there is so friendly, from the valet to the hostess to the waiters and staff. Our lunch was AMAZING! I had the french onion soup and grilled veggie panini, soooooooooo tasty! After wards we roamed the halls and learned some cool facts about The mansion! This place is fantastic! If you want to impress a date, take them here for dinner! If you want to have a fabulous lunch (and let me note, not pricey at all, for 3 of us our bill was just barely over $40!!!) GO HERE!
1	I am pissed!  I have been attending the Wrigley Mansion for music on the patio for over a year now, and have been raving to all of my friends about it.  All the stars happened to align this last Sunday, and ten (10) of my friends attended with me.I was embarrassed because it was no longer the same Wrigley.In two weeks (since I was there last), all the rules changed.  The cool band, Delcoa, is no longer the band.  There is no longer a $7 buffet.  There remains half price bottles of wine, but they increased the price of the bottles.  Um, excuse me, but if I am going to a casual event on an outdoor patio, why the hell would I buy a $90 bottle of wine (discounted to $45...ooh, what a bargain)!!!?  I swear, even the outdoor lighting has been removed!!!And they have no Facebook presence where I might have been notified...nothing different on the website to indicate a "rebranding."They did still have a good crowd.  I think the crowd follows the band, so all of these people were new to me.  But they were not prepared.  The service was very poor.  (Remember, I was seated at a table of 10...Hello!!!?  Cha Ching!!!?)It's likely I won't be back.
5	Want a special place to go with your loved one; recommend you go here.   It is a great historical place and great food.    Highly recommend their holiday brunches.     The views are great.     Waite staff do a great job.     Have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed.      Great place to eat and after the meal enjoy the Manison and flora and fona.
4	Great music good friendly staff good food. GREAT VIEW
3	My wife and I went here Friday night.  Our plan was to sit in the lounge, enjoy a few cocktails and have some appetizers and a burger.  This plan was thwarted when the bar tender looked at me like I was insane when I asked about their burger.  He told us they haven't had a burger in years.  The bar menu on their website clearly states that they have a burger which was perfect because my wife and I weren't in the mood for the fancy fare of their main dining room.We sat at a table on their patio.  The weather was perfect and the view was even better.  We ordered our first round of drinks and yes they do jack you on the price but that was to be expected.  We then ordered some food to share.* Flat bread pizza thing - excellent* Beet salad - pretty good and pretty unique.  I can't explain it but it is worth a try.* Oysters - not so good.  I have no idea why we got this but for some reason my wife wanted it so go figure.* Truffled mac n' cheese - OMG - Best.  Thing.  Ever.The mansion itself is beautiful but could use a bit of updating especially on the inside.  I do regret, however, not exploring the mansion as much as I should have.  We pretty much stuck to one small wing of the place but there was probably so much more to it than we saw.Oh...and their parking situation is a complete clusterfuk.  The signage telling you where to park, where the valet is, and how to get to the mansion entrance is a complete joke and almost non-existent.  Would it kill them to have more/bigger signs and maybe some lights so you can see them?** Pro Tip = get the $50 Local Dines gift cert for $25 ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  Of course they will complain and try to tell you all the rules that somehow aren't listed anywhere.  They will even try to tell you what "dinner" food is and what is not.  Just tell them that if you want oysters and vodka for dinner then that is your choice.  If they want you to get a $65 steak in the main dining room they should clearly say that on the offer.
2	Slightly awkward... But decent.. kinda over priced, kinda over hyped...but thats what i expected. Went here for my Beautyface's birthday dinner. I think we would try to visit the lounge next time, but I doubt we would return for the whole dinner thing. Should have sit on the patio instead of the stuffy dining area... Just not our cup of tea... the mansion is nice though.
5	Food, Service, and Ambiance that lives up to the Wrigley name.It's been a good year and it was time to celebrate.  There are many expensive restaurants in the Phoenix area, but none with a history as rich as 'Wrigley'.  I'm a gourmet chef and so I'm pretty tough on restaurants - the food has to be better than I can prepare at home. The Wrigley Mansion Club exceeded that standard with no problem.The quality and presentation of the food were excellent. The service was impeccable.  And as for ambiance, we were seated in the Mansion's formal dining room; what more can I say.
4	Decent food, incredible ambiance, nice wine flight.  Great place for a romantic dinner or happy hour if the weather is warm.  Dress up and impress your date!
4	Best brunch I have had in a very long time. The service is beyond excellent. I couldn't finish a glass of water or mimosa if i tried. The servers worked as a great team and made sure our table was always cleaned when we went for more food and our glasses filled. The seafood buffet options (king crab and shrimp) were tasty as were all of the meat options (lamb, roast beef, bacon covered port roast). The only knock I would have against the food was the deserts, which mainly were little layer cakes. They tasted stale and prepared long before they were served. However, you will impress everyone you bring with the amazing views of the city.
2	I was excited to try this place and when I saw the travelzoo deal I jumped on it. I was trying to think of the best way to describe their food and it reminded me of convention center food.  I think they have catered to too many weddings and have lost the art of cooking quality meals.This is also one of those places where you get the feeling that its cool to pay more for less. We were seated inside after requesting a patio seat and we brought the average age down about 30 years. It was hot and stuffy and the seats were so uncomfortable I had to take some advil when I got home. Had the worst french onion soup I've ever seen/ eaten (not sure how you mess that up?) and the salmon was too salty even for me.  I'm would not consider myself a food snob but I have eaten plenty of good food and this place just doesn't make the cut.  The only plus side to our dinner was being able to walk around the mansion and see the decor afterwards.  If we had actually been able to sit on the patio I"m sure the view would have been nice.In summary.... Average age: 65 Food quality: sub par Decor: antique Bill with discount: $110 Recommend? NO
4	This is a fun place for a special event.A friend had his rehearsal dinner here a couple of months ago and everything was great.Was up here this week for AZ Foothills Magazine's Best of 2011 party.  Great views, cozy decor. Check out Geordie's bar at sunset for a nice experience.Be prepared for valet parking only.
4	went for sunday brunch.   very nice, a little pricey but nice venue.
1	Beautiful view is all they got going for them. We took our family from New York here. The view was fabulous and the story ends pretty much there if you want to hear good reviews. The food was horrible!!! We all got something different so four people can't be wrong. The server was the worst I have ever seen. Ok so if you know you are busy why don't you update your guests instead of ignoring them knowing that you are busy and won't be able to get to them as much as you would like. Our food took two hours to get to us. I was told it was because of the huge party upstairs. Hmmm well what about the two tables that walked in 45 minutes after us. And got their food 30 mintues before us. Yes that's because their server didn't suck and forget to ring in the food. Then the manager came over and said we will comp you a bottle of wine perfect thank you. But when we tell you how long the food has taken. He argued and said it has been only a hour. And I said yes it has that's when your server remembered to type in the order so that is the time you have on the ticket that gets printed to the kitchen. The table next to us was also pissed and yelling at the server. Get it together!! Your food sucks and so does your service. Well our server any way. Go for bar and views nothing else.
1	It's a bad feeling when you walk away from a restaurant feeling that you've been ripped off. It can spoil the experience when you are focused on what you paid, and not on enjoying the savory feeling of the food in your mouth.My wife and I, at the Wrigley Mansion for my birthday, couldn't believe that this place is racking up a high average review. It was unbelievably bad. The food was marginal -- so marginal that we wondered, are we in the same restaurant that these others reviewed? And the "deal" that we went in with . . .  wow, what a loser. We had a Travelzoo prepaid voucher, which was supposedly worth $120. That voucher was for an appetizer, a soup or salad, and an entree. According to them, this voucher would pay for food for two that would at its normal price be valued at $120. And they base their add-on gratuity on this inflated figure, as well as the tax.What did we get? The appetizer was a one or two bite item -- two one-bite crab cakes, the size of quarters, and a teacup with one escargot in the bottom of it (our choices). The bowl of soup was actually a teacup as well. The entree we both had was a salmon, a very small filet, and when one of us expressed a concern about an allergy, they took the side dish away that contained the allergen and didn't replace it with anything. Most restaurants would have a baked potato or something to substitute. We ended up paying, after they added the gratuity in and the taxes based on the inflated retail price, nearly $120 for this dinner for two that included only two drinks, a well drink with house rum and a house cabernet.  That was our "voucher deal" price. That's absurd . . . the Salmon dinner could be had in a larger portion in any restaurant in town for $18-24. The cup of soup perhaps $5-7 and the microscopic "tasting" of an appetizer would be a courtesy item or certainly no more than a few $$. How does this equate to what we paid?While the views are nice at the Wrigley Mansion and the place itself is unique, this operation is using it as an excuse to gouge. Don't visit this establishment -- seriously, like many others, you will regret it. Stay as far away as you can from Geordie's. Spend your money at innumerable restaurants with better value in other parts of Phoenix. (The night before we spent $50 at St. Francis and it was incredible).
5	Beautiful building, great food, fantastic service!  Well, if I'm ever stupid enough to get married again--or meet that man of my dreams with tons of money and severe pains up his left arm--I'm heading off to the Wrigley Mansion to do it in.  What a gorgeous place it is!First off, we had appetizers, which mean 3 different sliders of regular McDonalds hamburger size to eat for half price (since it was happy hour) = $7!  What a STEAL!  One was chicken cordon bleu, one was pork and one was something close to kobe beef.  Regardless, all were just superior in taste.  Downed it with a half-price (happy hour, again, folks) cocktail and, well, what a deal it was!Moving on, had dinner--some chicken thing that I will never be able to duplicate at home (and I'm a good, creative cook myself)--that was just delicious!  Everything, in fact, was wonderful--including our servers who were warm and friendly and prompt.I love this place!  I love this place!  I love this place!  Now all I have to do is find some half-dying old fart to marry.  Wish me luck....
4	I was here on Saturday, June 4.  There were three of us.  Our server, whose name I forget, was delightful.  I took several picture of the staff and building.  And we felt comfortable asking to have dessert on the deck.  It was a completely relaxed, boozy type of evening.  The food was good, though the menu was somewhat limited.  I look forward to doing it again.
4	My wife took me to The Wrigley Mansion for father's day and it was excellent.  Seating started at 11AM but they had a glass of champagne in my hand as soon as we got there.  I couldn't ask for or expect better food from a buffet.  My favorites were the BBQ Pork (crispy cracklins with moist, tender meat attached) and the Hangar Steak Eggs Benedict (perfectly cooked and south west seasoned hangar steak in a standard Egg Benedict).  The food food selection had a noticeable "guy" twist to it but the selection was pretty small.The staff was generally excellent.  The only exception was our waiter who acted like the tip was in included, which it was.  Our dour waiter is the only reason I docked them one star and the only thing that might deter me from coming back.
2	The food was below average relative to the prices. I enjoyed the food, but it was not fine dining quality. Based on the prices (around 150 for two people), I expected something quite memorable, but instead it was quite mediocre. If you sit on the patio on a cool fall evening, this would be a nice place to have a few drinks, but I certainly wouldn't go for the food. Of course, the building is beautiful and creates a great environment.Also, the service was very sub-par on most accounts. Even the hostess was unfriendly and didn't smile or say more than two words. The manager was friendly and the person who delivered the food was very friendly.
1	My friends and I went to the Wrigley Mansion for a luch and tour special yesterday.   We ordered our food and the first course was really good.  It was a spinach & bleu cheese salad.   The second course was Croque Madame.   It looked wonderful, but on my first taste I almost hurled!  I am not a picky eater at all, but the ham was completely rancid.  I spit it into my napkin and my 4 friends were shocked because I never send food back and I'm the opposite of  a drama queen.  That's why they were so shocked.  The waiter asked if I wanted anything else and I politely declined.   I'd lost my appetite, of course.  My friends fish was almost raw, too.    So we decided to take the tour and have coffee & dessert afterwards.  The mansion was beautiful and the guide, Ashley,  was fabulous.  I was sad to see every single room was set up as a dining room.  There were no beds or dressers anywhere.  But the art, (They have a Renoir) , the chandeliers, the view and the grounds were stunning.  We went back to eat our creme brulee's and our old watered down ice teas, waters and crumbs were still sitting there.  The waiter didn't freshen up anything while we were on the hour tour.  And there were only 2 other tables of 2 there!    So we got our desserts and coffee.   It was good so far.   Then I asked for a coffee refill and I put in my cream & sugar and took a sip and the coffee was cold!!  I was so surprised that it was so cold that I spit it in my creme brulee' cup.  Again, I'm not a drama queen.  This was just so bad.  We told the waiter the coffee was cold & he was so surprised.  DUH!  He was nice but so inept.   We'll never go back, especially to eat!   I was the worst dining experience  that I've had.   They should at least give everybody a pack of Juicy Fruit for the road.  Anyway, it was such a disappointment, and I've wanted to go there since high school.
3	Well let me start by saying if your not in great shape (triathlete) don't even attempt to take the stairs that lead up to the mansion. I mean there really should be some warning that if your over age 50 you may not make it up there. So with that being said I think it is clearly a ruse to make sure you pay for Valet parking because if you drive to the top of the hill they will gladly park your car for you and you can walk right into the mansion. We had dinner at Geordie's restaurant because they were offering a $30 per person 3 course meal to promote restaurant week here in phoenix. The food was pretty good....not great. The service was pretty good....but not great. The Mansion was pretty good.....but not great. However the view was great....we got to see the sun sunset along with the beautiful mountains so at least that was a treat. We didn't have dessert but the offerings on the menu looked good...but not great.So I guess you see my point this place is good....not great....so if that is what your looking for then Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Very fancy and somewhat spookey!
5	High above the city of Phoenix lies a mansion of secrecy!  Views of the great mountains to the North and South, while the high rises sit dormant.  Where my friends......?  The Wrigley Mansion.....da duh da.......! (Thunder rolls and the lightening strikes -- haha Garth Brooks)This place was not a joy to find, but it was definitely worth the visit.  Valet is a must here!  This ain't your ordinary "restaurant".  You are free to roam around the mansion at your own risk that is hahaha!  Yes, the mansion is said to be haunted!  Just don't go to the restrooms alone.  Needless to say, this place was a delight.  It's literally someone's mansion.  The view is amazing!Sit down for a nice brunch with some of your favorite guest.  Mimosas flow freely so why stop at 2 wink wink?  The brunch buffet definitely has a variety of food.  Everything from crepes, Thai chicken, aged meats, prime rib, and tacos!  YUM!  Coffee is great and I would say better than Starbucks, yeah I said it!  Finally, service...it's a fancy brunch I didn't think service is lacking in any way. - Enjoy!
5	Wrigley Mansion Sunday Morning Brunch is a glorious way to start your day. An array of delicious food, a refreshing mimosa served with a smile by a very attentive, pleasant staff, followed by a smooth cappuccino to sit and relax over...it doesn't get any better than that. In addition to the ample buffet offering, I had a very special treat on Sunday morning when I was given the opportunity to order eggs Benedict. For some reason, in all my years and all my travels, this pleasure has managed to escape me. This was the beginning of my love affair with eggs Benedict.  The smooth, slightly tangy sauce, blending delightfully with the dish, is addictive! As for ambience, I've been to many extravagant brunches in my day, but none can compare with the setting of the mansion. The beauty and history of the home is so inspiring. It grabs you as soon as you catch sight of the building, sitting so majestically on the hill. And from inside, the panoramic views of the Valley are breathtaking. Brunch at Wrigley Mansion this past Sunday was delightful and lovely; an experience I'll remember fondly for a long time to come.
5	I was more looking for Gordie's inside Wrigley Mansion, but a review here will do.  It was me and my friends birthday, along with another mutual friends daughters Bday.  I arranged for us all to have dinner at the Wrigley Mansion (Gordie's).  I made reservations ahead of time, I here walk in's are welcomed but reservations are strongly recommended because there are nights so busy there may not be tables available.I requested a window booth seat and they made sure they accommodated this request since I arranged it two months in advance.  We had a delicious 4 course meal that my friends raved about for weeks after.  The only down side to this place is it is expensive, the bill for the 4 of us was well over $200, but it was a special bday occasion so I didn't mind.  And also I don't think they do to go bags if you don't finish your food.  Because for me by the fourth main course, I was stuffed, and I had maybe a few bites of my delicious meal.  I waited for the waitress and I was going to see if I could possibly get a to go box since it was so expensive.  She asked if I was finished, I replied yes, and before I could follow it with "can i get a to go box" she put a dirty plate on top of mine.  I was a little shocked because you could tell I barely ate it.  But if I would have known that ahead of time, I would have FORCED myself to finish every last yummy bite.Next time I go there, I won't be doing 4 courses, just 1 and done so it won't be happening again.  But it was a beautiful view and I was pleased with the entire experience.
3	The atmospher in this place is great, but you would expect that for a huge mansion in central Phoenix.  Our food was good;  however, our waiter was brisk. We had to ask him to talk slower and repeat menu items as he went too fast.Our food took 45 minutes.  Since we were on the tour this was a problem. We did not order anything that required a long cooking time.  Just a burger, mahi sandwich and a salad. So we quickly ate and paid the bill. Never had a chance for a cup of coffee or to even consider a dessert. If it wasn't for the mansion and the surroundings I would find another place to eat. The house is gorgeous and the stories are fun.  I like considering what it would look like when the Wrigley's built it.  This is one of the few homes in Arizona that would be considered American royalty.PS - my friends bacon burger looked nothing like the one posted in their pictures.
5	My fiancee took me to the mansion for happy hour last Friday, and i must say it really was AMAZING! We watched the sunset with some drinks in the bar, and their Moscow Mule is soooo good! We decided to stay for dinner, and it was delicious. The service was everything you would expect from such a beautiful mansion. This place really does have the best views in town, and it was so much fun. We will totally be going back soon with friends!!!!
5	My family and I experienced dinner at The Mansion last week and enjoyed it as much as we did their spectacular Sunday Brunch!  I started with the Rock Shrimp and Calamari Tempura. I was so fresh and yummy; had wonderful flavor! My main dish was the Filet -- what a great cut of beef! So tender, and the red wine sauce really added the perfect touch of flavor to the meat. The horseradish mashed and veggies were great, too.  I can't say enough about the views!  Just beautiful!!! If you haven't had the experience, do check it out, you won't soon forget it :)
2	We purchased a groupon for dinner.  We got married there several years ago and felt it was a great way to revisit.  We were so disappointed!  The view was spectacular as well as the mansion but our food was mediocre for such a nice place.  We were sat by the wine closet and were interrupted numerous times.  Clearly there was available tables we could have otherwise dined at.  When our coffee came at the end of dinner it was cold and had been sitting for quite awhile.  We WON'T be back for the food. :(
5	OMG is this place A-stinking-mazing!  Beautiful layout, beautiful staff!  I HIGHLY recommend vising this place for ANY reason you may have.  DO NOT PASS UP!
3	We went with 3 other couples for Sunday brunch. We had been before, but only for fathers day, which had been a great experience both in the food and the setting. This brunch, however, was very disappointing. Food quality and selection was mediocre and definitely overpriced at about $45/person. Very different than what was offered on fathers day. The service was good.The setting is worth going for once. Ideally go for a drink or regular lunch. Both day and nighttime views worth going for once. On a nice day the outside offers great photo opportunities.The mansion sits on top of a hill with a 360 commanding view of the city and outskirts.
5	Once again, the food and service was impeccable at Sunday brunch!!!  The food selection is great for everyone...  I am a vegetarian and also gluten intolerant and there was such a variety for me to choose from!  My favorite is their omelet station!  It's outstanding!  And they even had a pancake station that my friend still can not stop talking about!  Everyone is super friendly and helpful!  I had such an amazing second experience and very much looking forward to going back again soon!  So worth it!!!
1	I hate giving this place only one star, because I love the location and the history. The service was wonderful and the staff was friendly, however I just can't give a $130 dinner a good review when it was so lack luster, tame, bland and out right boring. Perhaps they are catering to an older crowd that has dietary restrictions on flavor and spice, but their menu is dated - makes me think they haven't revamped it in 15-30 years. Their oso bucco portion was tiny and slimy maybe only 3oz and the risotto was bland. Had some cold shrimp spring roll? appetizer that tasted like they scraped it off the bottom of an aquarium. We went on a Saturday night expecting it to be packed, should have known the food was terrible. Please redo your menu!
1	I usually won't give a one-star review, but in extreme cases. I was horrifically disappointed with the food and the service. We were there on New Year's Eve, which should be a night in which they are on their A-game, but I guess they don't find that important. I ordered a steak, cooked medium. When I got the steak, it was cooked well done. It is very sad when a restaurant can't cook a steak. Then the service was disappointing as we hardly saw our waitress. I surely hope there is a new chef since I was there, because I think he worked at McDonald's before there.
2	The view is awesome.  Way better view than from Hilton's Different Pointe of View.That said, we bought the Travelzoo voucher for a dinner for two.  First course consisted of shrimp cake or butternut risotto.  The risotto was bland, and the shrimp cake was very flavorful, but the sauces on the plate were noncontributory.  For second course we tried the tomato fennel soup and the green salad.  Chef Ramsey would've had a field day - the portions were vastly different among the group.  The salad was good, but not very proportionally or attractively plated.  The soup was ok but nothing to write home about.For entrees we got the beef medallion and the trio of fish.  Portions are pretty small here..  the medallions basically looks like a fancified Banquet dinner.  The gravy was sweet and the dish was pretty tasty, but not for the price.  The fish over couscous was cooked well.  Not the most satisfying dish.We got dessert of chocolate swirl cheesecake that the server said was "phenomenal".  I'd save the 8 dollars and get some Ely's at a grocery store.  The espresso creme brulee was more creme than brulee.  Even with the voucher, the tab came out to about 55.  I had a wine (the worst wine I've ever had at a restaurant, it tasted like they had it open for a day and watered it down) and the cheesecake, but there was gratuity for original tab (120) and with tax, it was about 55.All in all, I would have liked to check out the view during the day as well, but I definitely wouldn't come for the food.The server probably could have been a bit more professional.  We had a large group and in the beginning he gave us a lot of attitude about the division of tabs.  Understandably overwhelming and maybe frustrating, but "holy f***" is not a very appropriate thing to say right in front of the guests.
1	I'm sorry, but I just can't give a good review here.  I got two Travelzoo vouchers, which many would argue is an attempt to increase traffic when a business isn't thriving or is in its off-peak season.  Some friends at work decided to make it a group outing.  There were 14 of us.  I paid $120 for four, so I could bring visiting family.  The original "value" of the meal is $240.  What a joke!  It says in the fine print that a gratuity of 15% would be charged at the restaurant on the original "value" of the meal.  Not true.  Gratuity of 20% was added to my bill at the end of the night.  This wouldn't be so bad if the server/bartender wasn't so HORRIFICALLY unfriendly, rude, and unprofessional.  Really, dude?!  You made over $200 for the 2 hours you spent serving us!  He would have made more if he had been nice.  It was made clear that we had bought discount vouchers, the gratuity was already included, and our service reflected that.  But guess what?  Those are 14 people that will NEVER patronize your business again.Let's start from the beginning.  When you park, you are required to valet your car to the tune of $7.  Note to Geordie's.  Every other establishment in town that is doing well offers free valet.  We arrived 40 minutes early to enjoy the views and a glass of wine on the patio.  I should have known when I went to order wine and was ignored for 10 minutes that the tone for the evening was set.  When I asked for a glass of sweet white for my dining companion and the bartender said "we don't really have one" I was officially turned off.  Naturally when we sat for dinner we were offered a wine list boasting hundreds (I think 650) bottles of wine.  Really?!  None of those bottles are white and sweet?  No riesling?  No gewurtstraminer?  When we finally sat, the server ended up being that very same bartender, who made a huge deal about the check splitting and where we sat.  He actually cussed during the process.  So unbelievably unprofessional.  I have never felt like such an inconvenience at a restaurant.We all ordered our meal from a pre fix menu of what appeared to be traditional Applebees fare.  When you title your poultry option at a fine dining establishment "Corn Flake crusted chicken" you have to know what you're in for.  The portions were decent but I had bland risotto and a confit of vegetables that turned out to be a cold, pasty, flavorless mess.  I tried the chicken bacause I typically order chicken.  It was cooked to chewy and also flavorless except for a mushroom "sauce" which I'm guessing came from a Campbell's soup can.I ordered a bottle of Tempranillo to the tune of $77 which was decent.  Best part of the night, in my opinion.At the end, the bill came.  $169.  I had already paid for the voucher, so naturally I thought it was a mistake.  No.  I was charged the $77 for the wine.  OK.  $62 gratuity.  That was hard to stomach.  That's 20% of the pre-discounted $240 meal and 20% of the $77 wine.  Sorry, the guy was a jerk and undeserving of 20%.  Especially since the fine print stated that a 15% gratuity would be charged.The last $30 was tax.  $30 in tax!  Do the math, folks!  They charged me tax on the original $240 price of the meal.  Even though the sales price of the meal vouchers was $120!  I don't even think that's legal!  Charge sales tax on a prediscounted price?  Do you go into a store and buy a $100 sweater on sale for $50 and then pay tax on the original $100 price?  That was ridiculous.  Mind you, I had already bought 4 glasses of wine at the bar and tipped the (lousy) bartender for that.Sorry for the lengthy review, but I'm gonna bottom line it for you.  I love  dining out.  In this economy, I understand that fine dining establishments have to nickel and dime you to survive.  But Geordie's is NOT fine dining!  It's actually quite awful!  All told, I spent over $300 for a really sub par meal and I was treated poorly to boot.Get it together!  They either need to hire a real chef and provide a true fine  dining experience, or cater to a different clintele.  Although I can't think of anyone who would enjoy their food.  I would rather eat at TGI Fridays...
5	Sure we only go with a DealChicken.com coupon but it's always great! Sit in the bar area as the dining room is very dated due to the mansions age. The bar area is much more, how would you say? relaxed and romantic. GREAT views from in there also!
2	We went there to celebrate our anniversary and were really disappointed.The food was OK, but to be seated in a stuffy old room, which appears to be the central dining area was beyond belief!!!We were there in the evening and asked if we could be seated on the balcony. Answer, "That's for anniversaries"! We said that's why we are here. The young and apparently inexperienced hostess all but ignored us and placed us at a table against the wall in the stuffy old room!We went to the bar area after dinner, still looking for the attractions of the mansion. We found to much lighting at too high a level, obscuring the views of the city.I have a voucher for dinner there and will try one more time. However, I am not optimistic .There are a lot of other places in the Phoenix Metroplex to go where you are treated as a special guest and can easily have great views of the city!
3	Location/venue is beautiful. It has great history and is fun to explore. The bar is "eh" and the food really didn't match the atmosphere. They let their atmosphere carry their so-so restaurant & bar.
4	Going in I was a little concerned about trying this place after reading some of the reviews here on Yelp but I received a voucher for dinner for two as a gift so since the major portion of the bill would be covered I figured what the heck. First off let me say that some signage would make it easier to find but after turning into The Biltmore Estates off of 24th just head towards the back to the white bridge and cross over it and you are there. Unless you like walking up steep driveways I suggest driving to the top and use the valet parking. Now the food. My wife and I ended up choosing the same items. The seafood cake which reminds you of a crab cake had lobster and crab, was deep fried, tender and moist and was dressed in two sauces that complimented it well as did the veggie garnish. We both had the lemon and spinach soup with risotto. The soup was excellent. Finally, we both had the Three Fish Neopaliton  with another version of risotto and veggies. It too was wonderful. We both had a glass of Seven Daughters Muscat which paired nicely with the fish. For dessert we shared a Chocolate and Blackberry Souffle that was truly a surprise. We began discussing when we may make a return visit for the Brunch offering. We are not foodies but we do know what we like and we are more than meat and potato type diners. We were both impressed. This place is on it's way to being one of the Valley hotspots.
3	Brought my little brother here for his 17th birthday. He was absolutely thrilled with the lamb rack entree he ordered - he said it was the best dinner he had ever had in his life. We were both unimpressed by the service, however. Our waitress was very casual and made some awkward jokes. Her demeanor just didn't fit with the extremely upscale atmosphere of the place.Our experience on the way out confirmed our thoughts on the service. I made a comment to the hostess about the Bar Mitzvah party that was going on in one of the ballrooms down the hall. She then unexpectedly said something along the lines of "I don't like how Jewish people party." Not exactly the most professional thing she could have said.Solid 3 stars.
1	Had a deal, it was not worth it, it was  a ripoff.  First there are too many steep concretesteps to walk up, with only one sided railing, cannot walk up with 2 people, and, then there are more concrete steps to restaurant.  Restaurant is not visible, it is all the waya top, and, it is high.  This place is as old as it was built, plus the deal the food is rationed you are not getting good portions, there is no desert or drinks included, and there is an 18% gratuity plus.  This place is not accessible for the disabled or thehandicapped, it is really dangerous.
2	High End ? What make this high end?  Thy serve mimosas....and that is why some people think this is high end. I am in the restaurant business...as i usually say before writing a review. So...once again what makes The Wrigley Mansion high end....anyone ? The food is sub par. The service is fine. They have taken away several of the better offerings. 2nd time there and both times i asked what am I missing? Sure the mansion is nice...but brunch lacks...ALOT. Food was really unappealing and just zero wow..or even  "thats nice". No real substance to anything food wise. Too bad it could be the place for brunch.......it is losing what it should be and worse it is showing the lack of true culinary innovation and in my opinion screams " hey we are the Wrigley mansion .....oh and yeah we have some sysco mid quality food to prove it". Real disappointment.
4	This was the mansion of Wringley ( the creator or juicy gum) I have personally seen better and bigger "mansions" but it was still pretty nice and neat to see how wealthy people used to live back in the day.. the weird part - small bathrooms and marriage couples had their own separate rooms-  well I wonder how they used to have so many kids then... lol. The mansion is located in a hill so the view is amazing, the best thing to do will be going to the tour and eat brunch of diner in one of their rooms. I would totally recommend going to this place if you feel like doing something relaxing
2	The best thing about this meal was the view.  Because we had a voucher, we (along with many others) were put in a separate room with the tables and chairs they use for their events (weddings, etc).  It was a very limited menu and small portions.  The food was average at best, not super flavorful.  Our waiter was nice and the service was good....maybe a tad too quick.  We were thinking it was like the food was prepared like it was for catering and plates were made it advance.  The atmosphere was nice but I'm pretty sure we are not going back.
1	Great location.  Great views.  Interesting Facility.  VERY marginal food.We went there for my wife's birthday as someone bought us a gift certificate.  Our server was great.  He was a great blend of courteous, professional, conversational. But the food was poor at best.  My wife's salad included old, rotted lettuce. The entrees were really second rate.  We will not be going back!
4	First time here, my boyfriend bought the Travelzoo voucher, and as far as voucher deals go I thought it was a very good deal.  The food was great.  Not excellent because it lacked a certain something, maybe fresh herbs or new ways of putting food together.  It was kind of old school, but that's okay every now and then.  The atmosphere was old school too.  The view, was the best I've ever seen from a Phoenix restaurant. Our server was excellent.  He was friendly, recommended his favorites, and also retrieved the Sommelier to talk to us about wines.  If you buy a bottle of wine you become a "Wine Member" which gets you I/2 price on wines from now on.  We will be coming back to enjoy more wine and a beautiful view.
3	Oh, Wrigley Manson if only I had the means to fix you up and make you the amazing gem I know you could be.Phoenix is seriously lacking when it comes to historical buildings and homes. I have always been curious about the Wrigley Mansion so I was excited when we made plans to go here for Easter brunch. The brunch was good. Our server was friendly and funny. There was a decent variety of food and it was tasty. My only complaint about the food would be the desserts. They were not labeled, the cakes and pies were whole so people cut their own slices and they became a mess. Overall I just wasn't impressed. I've seen better dessert spreads at casino buffets. After the meal we wandered around the building, exploring the rooms, peeking around corners and checking out the history. The bummer is that it's obvious that the money isn't there to keep this place looking its best. Some of the bathrooms were run down (burned out lights, doors that didn't lock), in one room the curtains were torn, walls and flooring showed signs of wear and tear, and furnishings just looked tired in places. It wouldn't take much to clean this place up and have it look amazing. I'm sure when the Wrigley family lived here it was incredible and it's sad to see such a great home being neglected. I'm sure if they fixed it up they would book more parties and weddings and it could be a prime location in town. I hope someone will take the time and money to invest in one of our rare glimpses into Phoenix's past. If it continues on this decline I don't think it will last.
1	I suddenly knew this was a mistake as soon as we started to scale the steep difficult steps and the handrail covered with a large amount of bird POOP. My stomach turned and I couldn't imagine why they don't have somebody to clean the handrail.We were a few minutes early for our reservation so we walked around a bit. It is an interesting OLD House with narrow hallways and a small room with an old fashioned operators switchboard. It does have beautiful views. The house has a beautiful entrance door and interesting intricate ceilings but over all it really isn't so grand with old worn carpet and common tiles. I thought I'd see a bunch of marble or granite but I didn't.We thought this was an interesting Choice for restaurant week because we wanted to see this place. Also this was one of the few places that gave you three courses without dessert. Also the $10 non member fee was waived for restaurant week.I can't say the food was completely awful but I wouldn't come back for it either even for free so I think that qualifies for the one star rating.We asked about cocktails and our waiter said they were the last page of the wine menu but they weren't and only lasted the liquors. He returned and my husband asked for the cocktail menu we saw outside and the waiter brings us the cocktail menu. I decided on a drink but the waiter didn't return for a long period of time so we decided to just order dinner and skip the cocktails.Our waiter said the Sous Vide Chicken was stuffed with something green and he didn't know what it was but to him it was very salty. He also said the Carpaccio wasn't very good. So we decided to go with the other two starters.The starters were passable but nothing either of us would want again. A not so great crab cake sitting on creamy peas with two refrigerated cold roasted tomatoes. The other was a few slices of eggplant with a little cheese.The middle plates were not so seasoned escargots with a forgettable salad. The highlight was a small chunk of gorgonzola cheese. The other middle plate was not hot and not cold but unhealthy room temperature tomato soup with a over whipped cream laced with truffle aroma. (Aroma means perfume) (and over whipped means turned to butter). We both thought the tomato soup was the best of what we tried here. It tasted like good tomatoes that would be great on a pizza.For dinner we tried the duck and the bronzini. Both were cooked just OK but neither seemed to have good seasoning or flavor however both of our vegetables were salted too heavy. I'd say so heavy I could tell what kind of salt they used and it wasn't good salt. The one thing that I could honestly say WAS terrible was the artichoke , anise sabayon. I tasted it and nearly barffed. I am without words to describe how it tasted but the texture was like hummus. Both plates had what they called polenta towers. They looked (see photo) happy to see us and I thought mine might squirt something when I went to eat it. But I was baffled when I tasted it because it wasn't like polenta. It was like corn muffin mix that was mixed with a farina kind of cereal. It was bready and lacked much of the corn taste and really tasted like cream of wheat cereal.I can almost say forgettable but I can't because I will never forget the bird poop or the polenta tower.1.5 stars almost 2 stars but with price factored in I feel one starSLIGHT UPDATE 9-11-13I read that they got a new chef since my review so hopefully they are better now.
3	Check out the 1929 Steinway self playing piano. One of two in the world, the other is in the Smithsonian. The piano is valued at 28 million dollars and was willed to the Wrigley Mansion
5	Been here before, 1st time for my friend and we had a Deal Chicken coupon.We arrived early for the sunset and were not dissappointed as the view is amazing.  We had drinks at the bar while we waited for our reservation and the sunset which we went outside on the balcony to watch for a few mintues.  The bar staff was attentive and nice quick with an offer for another drink and refills on the water. Our reservation time came and we were escorted to a window table in the dinning room, small, cozy and intimate.   Our three course meal was delicious! The complimentary bread was warm and the butter soft!  Perfect.   We had the carprese salad, seafood bruchette and the flat iron steak served with potatoes and green beans.   Our steaks were cooked perfectly and everything else was just as good.Our waiter, (forgot his name) was a native Arizonan and we had a nice chat with him.I highly recommend The Wrigley, but only if you have the money as it is expensive but with the coupon, it certainly was a great deal!
5	I used to play music here regularly and the staff and service could not be friendlier. The food is outstanding and actually decently priced. The kicker-- the hilltop view of Phoenix. Breathtaking! There is also quite a bit of history involved here and the staff is pretty well versed on the lineage of the place.  The bar area is quaint and comfortable and attire seems to be anywhere from casual to semi-formal.  Wonderful place!
4	We were invited to attend a Wine Tasting special event hosted by one of my clients.  In the 2 yrs since we've lived here, we haven't been to the Wrigley Mansion, so we were very excited to come check it out. When you pull up to the mansion, it's a bit confusing to figure out where to drive....there's a self-parking lot at the bottom of the hill....walk up a large hill in 90+ degree weather, um....no thanks.  Ok, so we drove up the driveway assuming that's where the valet parking would be located....and it was.  Beautiful views from the top of the hill.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-wrigley-mansion-club-phoenix?select=v_KnIKFpeibBVvefO6ujPA#v_KnIKFpeibBVvefO6ujPAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-wrigley-mansion-club-phoenix?select=7qDCP4mv_Ws2sdJtqmlvOA#7qDCP4mv_Ws2sdJtqmlvOAWe walked inside the mansion and were greeted by a hostess who directed us to the private event area to the left.  We enjoyed Wine and Cheese/Crackers/Fruit, etc that you normally find at a Wine tasting.  The Wine was very good and the room was comfortable.  After 30 min or so we were asked to move into the dining room area where we would start a formal Wine tasting with 8 glasses (4 White, 4 Red) of Wine.The sommelier did a nice presentation about each Wine....however, she took too long and was a bit too in-depth for this group of people.  There were over 80 people and many of them were not Wine enthusiasts, so they were bored very quickly.....too much time between sips.  I personally enjoyed it, but afterward many people said it was too much info for them. Since the building is very old, the room we were in was not well insulated and got a little stuffy/warm....so if you're coming here during the Summer months, dress light.After the event, we wandered around the mansion and took a bunch of pics of the artwork and rooms.  I'm sure there's a story behind all of this, but we were on our own and didn't have a guide to explain anything to us.We picked up a flyer for a social club you can belong to here...?  Not really sure what that entails, but it's available.Overall, I'd rate this experience 3.5 Stars, but I'm rounding up for the views and Wine.Return Factor - 70%
2	Go for the tour and maybe a drink, but skip the unappetizing, tasteless food. The mansion is quite interesting to walk around on your own. Also the  Happy hour with the great view would be very romantic.   Unless you are really interested in a bit of history, skip the tour and walk around on your own.
5	FABULOSO............ The ambiance, the wine list, the cuisine, the service, the views, the romance..... WOW!!!!!!!!! Mere words cannot describe this magical wedding anniversary dinner we had.....
5	We had a lovely evening at the Geordi's, the restaurant at the Wrigley Mansion. First, we toured the mansion, then had a wonderful dinner while a wonderful jazz group played. Our server, Mike, provided excellent care. The jazz group is top class yet the lounge was surprisingly empty! What a waste!! Will be back!!ashdbxgf
3	Came here for Sunday brunch with a large group.  The setting is really unique for Phoenix as historical buildings are few and far between in Arizona. The Wrigley Mansion affords great views of the city and mountains with its floor to ceiling windows and how it is situated atop a steep hill.  It really felt like a classy brunch complete with white tablecloths and bottomless mimosas served by the waiters.Brunch was buffet-style with a huge assortment of food - from waffles, to lobster legs, egg dishes, baked ham, and everything in between. I opted for the omelet station as this was the safest choice for me as far as gluten-free eating. The omelet station was great - a lot ingredient options including plenty of veggies and proteins. Even though there was a long line the cook was really friendly & made everyone's omelet to their specifications. I was also glad they had a huge selection of fruit.Being gluten-free, I did not expect to be able to eat any of the desserts, however it would be a good idea for them to be labeled as they looked great, but you could not really tell what the ingredients were, etc. The house itself does appear to be a bit neglected, but at the same time features a ton of original features. It would have been fun to take the official tour and learn more about this historical home. Note: Make sure to do the valet parking otherwise the trek up to the top and back down is quite the hike - we had to give some people in our party a ride back down to their car!
5	Wonderful food and service.  The tour is a fun exploration of a funky but luxurious home.  An American castle.  I can't wait to go back for one of the jazz evenings and a Sunday brunch.
4	The place is just beautiful with great service.Perfect for a date or a private conversation.The food was good but not impressive. Food wise I would give them 3 stars but the place and service made it up for the 4th.I had the asparagus salad and the salmon. both were good. Period.The bread was really good, though.They have a great wine selection and the prices aren't that bad.I'm a sucker for Riviera del Duero and they have plenty of them. Funny fact, the fist one I selected wasn't available. Cheers.
4	The food was so good as were the cocktails! I loved the shrimp cocktail because the horseradish was SO FRESH! The Wrigley Pear was also a wonderful surprise. The service was great, we sat at the bar early- and the staff were all so friendly. The mansion and views are beautiful. I'd give this place 5 stars if the entertainment wasn't so dated (sorry entertainers- you are talented. I just feel like I am being put to sleep for good.)
4	Big wine list. Impressive setting and location, and the servers were both polite and professional. I would say the food is about a 7, however.  As others have said, save the $15 and tour the mansion yourself.
4	This was my first time at the Wrigley"s Mansion but definitely not my last. Had a late lunch yesterday and I had a great experience, the service was outstanding, the meal very tasty and the place is on a hill overlooking the Valley and downtown Phoenix.Tour the mansion a bit and is a beautiful Spanish style with beautiful paintings and furniture from the times when the Wrigley family vacation at that home. They offer a Sunday brunch that I will be trying soon as the sitting is a the ballroom where the views are the best.
3	This venue will remain one of the places to show visitors and natives alike, the stunning view.  However, brunch is mediocre. One pays for the surroundings, not the quality of the food. There was an abundance of choices, however those items were nothing that elicited a wow. The wait staff was attentive, the Spanish Champagne good enough, the dessert tasty, but as a whole, items were lackluster.  It is a special place, but for really exceptional brunch offerings I would go elsewhere.
3	Amazing place. I'm a native and am very pleased that they've kept the place high quality. You get what you pay for but in that regard it only gets 3 stars from me. My last time here was a few weeks ago for Sunday brunch celebrating a milestone birthday for my mom. All you can drink champagne and amazing food except for the weak cheese bar and weak dessert bar. For what you are paying I would expect every element to be amazing. Service was extraordinary. When the tip is included some places will skimp on service but not here. Glasses always full. Quick to replace a creaky chair. And great conversation with knowledge of the mansion's history. Plan to spend 1.5 to 2 hours so you have time to pace yourself and then explore the house and grounds.
4	This is a wonderful place to go for HH and watch the sun set on their patio,. Their appetizers are half price as are their wines until 6:00. The service is wonderful and the ambiance is absolutely beautiful. They also have entertainment around 7:00. I had their margarita pizza and it was good. it was $5.00 and almost too big for 2 people to share. The white wines are very good. $4-$5.00 a glass during HH.
4	My girlfriend from outta town suggested we have dinner here last week. The mansion & it's history is what I really loved about it. We walked around and peeked in all the rooms before we ate. Kinda has a spooky vibe- heard it was haunted! Service for dinner was great! The food was just okay, I had the Filet and it was just so-so. I would not order a steak there again. We decided to indulge in caviar- pricey but yummy! We sat outside and the views were amazing. We even saw fireworks coming from a baseball game ?I will be back for Sunday Brunch- heard that's their specialty! Bottomless mimosas & lots of seafood ! I'll update once I am able to go!
5	I don't fine dine as often as I would like but this was by far an experience for our anniversary.  The waiter and the whole experience was perfect.   There are few times you are really wow-ed in life that last and this was the best.  What made this a top notch experience was the location, food, and amazing waiter.  The waiter was very attentive but not annoying - he was extremely well trained and it showed.  Never felt rushed to get out and we spent a good deal time and enjoyed all the courses at our speed without someone sweeping in to take dishes constantly.  History and the house is very interesting end to the evening.  I can't recommend this enough.  It is fine food without the pretentious.  We had the filet mignon.  One thing we didn't know until we asked was you have to order side dishes with your meal so make  sure you ask.  I think we were so impressed we overlooked that on the menu.  It is very reasonable given the quality of the food.  Presentation, taste, and service were absolutely impressive.  You cannot go wrong if you take your in-laws or spouse here.  Make sure you reserve earlier online so you have time to roam the mansion and take in the history.  Best money I ever spent and I even tipped far more than I ever do since  it was so impeccable..
4	I've visited this place a few times for drinks, and have had dinner once so far. The grounds are superb, the restaurant was elegant and the food was tasty. I visited for dinner in January; the meal my date and I had was fantastic. The service was outstanding! Arrive at least 40 minutes before your dinner reservation so you can tour the mansion. Solid!
4	I have visited the Mansion Club the past two Saturday nights and find it to be as close to a private club atmosphere as you can attain in a public space. Drinks and apps in the bar followed by dinner. Great filet for me  lamb shank for my girlfriend. I will be a regular here!
5	I visited the Wrigley Mansion with my daughters to have lunch and celebrate their birthdays. We had just joined the Club for the very reasonable price of $15 annual, and as a member received free valet parking. The valet was a pleasant and professional young man, who opened our doors, provided a valet ticket, and directed us to the entrance. Once inside we were promptly greeted and brought to Geordie's for lunch at a lovely window table with a great view. Debby, the manager, waited on us. I informed her it was my daughter's birthday today, and my other daughter's birthday was yesterday, 17 years apart. We ordered beverages and a margherita pizza to share, and would order something more later, if needed. The pizza was amazing, with plenty of mozzarella, slices of heirloom tomatoes, basil and sauce on a wonderful crust. My youngest said it was the best pizza she had ever eaten! (and she's had Pizzeria Bianco several times!) We ate only half the pizza and wanted to take the rest to go. Debby was very professional yet also fun and personable. To our surprise, she brought out a slice of chocolate cake with Happy Birthday beautifully written on the large white plate. The girls were thrilled, blowing out the candle together. After our wonderful meal and time spent at Geordie's, we enjoyed walking around the museum like mansion. Many of the ceilings are beautifully elaborate and colorful, and the views of the city are fantastic.Visiting the Wrigley Mansion was definitely a highlight to our special day together!
3	So I have lived in Phoenix for about 14 years, I have been to the Wrigley about 20 or 30 times over the years. First you want to valet, this place is nice, you don't have to dress up, but most people that are there are so it would be best if you did, because in Phoenix if you plan on parking below and climbing the stairs prepare to sweat. And if your dressed nice sweating is not an option. Valet is typically only $5 or $6. So in all the times I have ever been to the Wrigley, I have never had to pay just to walk around the grounds and look at things, I have always just took people that are in town and want an amazing view and a bit of history, if they have never been. This last time I went I was charged $5 per person...some daily membership fee or something. I was not too happy with this, especially since we were there right towards sunset, and none of the lights were on within the mansion, so it was hard to see everything. Secondly this place is not cheap by any means, a typical class of Merlot at the bar is going to run you $10 or more, which is outrageous considering the bottle price. And food here while it is good, is also a bit overpriced, you wont find a plate for under $15. Third, there is never a whole lot of staff around, walked into the bar to get drinks, and could not find the bartender, had to look for him. And guided tours are not always an option, if they are going to start charging $5 to look around, I expect all the lights to be on, and someone to walk me around the grounds and to provide more information about the grounds then the tiny little placards in each room. These were not made available when I was there, which is ridiculous considering they made me pay and it was just myself and one other person. All the rooms were dark, so we had to find light switches to see stuff. And they have moved a few thing around, which I found a bit strange. I would also say maintenance and housekeeping is lacking a bit, some of the lights were burned out, and things could be a bit cleaner, the Wrigley is quite old, but it does not mean it can not be maintained better, the place is starting to smell like dust. Not what your looking for if your planning an event or a wedding here, which allot of people do here. Definitely a piece of Phoenix history with a view that in unparallelled in Phoenix, unless your living in a highrise at the Optima or Esplanade or climbing Camelback mountain. Think management has dropped the ball a little thou, over the years. Still I would be willing to go back, just for the view.
3	My husband and I went on our date night to try Geordie's. I'm not sure if it's because of the timing, but we were there at 8:30, service and food was okay history of the environment/mansion was pretty neat, we sat outside in the patio area, and every 5 minutes people were pulling trash, bringing trays of plates, glasses and etc. to go in the kitchen.
5	I give 5 stars to very few places. The Wrigley Mansion has earned it. My wife and I had Sunday brunch there. The food is buffet style and was exceptional in quality and variety. The views from the mansion are simply stunning, but what in my opinion earns The Wrigley Mansion the fifth star was the exquisite service by the staff. We plan to return often. It is over an hour drive for us but worth every minute!
3	The location is a 5 star.  So cool and full of history.  The appetizers were amazing but our main meal was just average.  I got the lamb shank and it was dry and disappointing.  They had a unique guitar player  for entertainment that played the guitar like the piano pretty cool to listen to and watch.  Overall it was pricey but unique enough to enjoy one time.
1	We wanted to make Thanksgiving special.  The Wrigley mansion is a beautiful house overlooking the city.  My date and I were seated at table 40/1 in the formal dining room.   The food on the buffet was excellent.  The buffet offered options of turkey, ham, prime rib, and lamb.   There was also an area where you can order omelets or pancakes.   Tons of food with very good quality.    On the other hand; the service was unbelievably poor.    We had to virtually send up a solar flare in the sky to get the server to stop and give us refills on water or champagne.    Our server Steve didn't have that many tables either and it was not crowded at the 3:30 PM seating in the formal dining room.    I did notice our server had a different level of attentiveness for our table in comparison to his others.   It was blantently obvious at one point he passed by our table and we both had dirty plates and I motioned for assistance he responded I'll be there in a sec; but a sec was minutes later.  Instead he utilized his time to fill up water glasses at adjacent tables marginally empty and chat with guest who had already eaten.   Perhaps his lackluster performance as a server hinged on the fact that gratuity was already included.  If this is the case he didn't earn one dime of it.  $189.45 for two people is a reasonable price for a Thanksgiving brunch if service is at least average.  This was not the case here and I admonish management for not monitoring poor performance of their servers.  The mansion is immaculate and I may come back for a random  tour and lunch; but for holiday buffet I will err on the side of caution because you never know what server you're going to get here.  Overall this is 5 star venue with 0 star servers.
3	I was there about a week ago for a function with the school I volunteered with. The location and the room we were in were great! They even provided all the students with a small tour of the mansion. Everything was great, but I can't say the same about the service.Some of the servers (not all) were really rude to the students. When I asked if our table could get some more bread, the sever coughed up an attitude and dropped ONE piece of bread just on my plate. Our food was cold by the time it reached our table and it looked like it was thrown on a plate. One person kept asking if he could get an iced tea and he never received it. I know we're just a school function but the organization spent a lot of money for this event and there was a lot of very important people there. The location was really nice and the space was great, but the service needs some serious work.
5	Impressive. Breathtaking. Elegant. Classy. No woman would want to compete with that but the Wrigley Mansion will share the spotlight with you. It renders a time of such sophistication and beauty that should be bottled up. The grounds are meticulously maintained and food is wonderfully crafted. Service and staff are just stellar. Trust me, after a few drinks, you wish you could slip into your PJs and go upstairs. They leave you feeling like you're home. I can't believe people complain about valet. Hand over the $5 unless you want to work up an appetite or show off your calves climbing uphill, your date would not appreciate it in heels. And by the time you make it up to the top, you might miss the gorgeous sunset views. I love coming here for the champagne brunch alone. How many ways can I have my eggs!!! Everything is exceptional from eggs benedict, french toast to simply the fruit selection. It truly is an experience any native Phoenician should partake and certainly a way to seduce our visitors to fall in love with the desert. I recently spent my birthday celebration here and that was yet another lovely and memorable experience. Having drinks at Geordie's alone will leave you imprinted with a fantastic smile. With that said, don't come here if you want a cheap run-of-the-mill buffet. Stop over at Denny's or at the local diner. It isn't something you do every day. Much like fairy tales, they happen and are far in between, but the memory lasts a lifetime. Everyone deserves to be swept off their feet and the Wrigley Mansion will be your Prince Charming.
4	We were there for New Years with friends and the atmosphere is second to none with panoramic views of the city. The food was excellent as the Filet I ordered was cooked perfectly and the server was helpful with wine pairings. I would recommend a visit!
4	This place is worth 4 stars due to the history, architecture and view. If you want a unique experience for a birthday/anniversary ect...this is the place. The restaurant on site had great service, but food was average. I'm not dying to go back for the food, but man do they have a great basil/lemon gimlet. WOW. Come here if you want to go back in time to the 30's for a nice dinner and/or drink. I will be back!
