4	Very good pastries. Not enough places to sit and enjoy the pastries.
4	Great place with some of the best croissants I've had since France.  The cookies are equally as good. I haven't had the fruit tarts yet, but they look amazing.The space is fun and comfortable.  It's an old warehouse building in Noda that has been renovated.  This means I'll be by there everyday on my way to work!  :-)But seriously, the croissants are super...light, flakey, and you can taste the butter!!!!
5	eat the passion fruit ganache.  eat it!
4	Amelie's is an adorable French bakery near NoDa. My favorites - of which there are many - include the lemon tea cakes, fruit tarts and chocolate mousse cups. It's a great place to relax and read a book or meet a friend for pastries and coffee. Amelie's has free wireless, which is a big plus. They stay open late on gallery crawl nights (first and third Fridays) and are hoping to get their wine license.They also have a mini-Re-Store featuring antique furniture that's for sale through the Habitat for Humanity Re-Store.
5	Paris in Charlotte! Try the tartines, and the croissants, and the fruit tarts and...stop reading and just go!
4	Ooh la la! If you're a fan of delectable, decadent desserts, Amelie's will be your Parisian paradise in the Queen City. The chocolate truffles filled with different flavors of ganache are a must-try. The passionfruit is indescribably sweet, tart, and chocolate-y all at once. It is positively orgasmic. In addition to passionfruit, there is currant, raspberry, and chocolate ganache. All are a chocolate-lovers dream.Their pastries are light, delicate, and fresh, and coffee is abundant. Other Yelpers have described Amelie's atmosphere- it certainly is a cheerful spot on the otherwise depressed edge of NoDa. No help, either, that there seems to be permanent road and construction work all around.Never mind all that, when you visit Amelie's you have the sense you're in a Parisian patisserie, where the plaintive voice of Edith Piaf wraps you in a fur coat of luxury. Frugal escapists take heed: visit this little gem.
4	I've never been to France but I'm guessing this is as close as it gets in NoDA-Charlotte, NC. I highly recommend the tea cakes and the twice baked croissants. They go great with hot tea or coffee. A little pricey but worth the deliciousness.
5	I just moved here from North Jersey and this is the most delicious bakery I've tried yet.  They have these fabulous bars with a brownie bottom and a salty caramel like topping..I couldnt put it down! I got a whole bunch chocolate treats to try out with my roommate and we are instant fans.  The atmosphere is really relaxed and the workers so incredibly nice and helpful...not to mention it is 24 hours and all baking is done right on the premises :)Love it!
5	I love this place. Last weekend I went in at 11:30pm and there were tons of ppl enjoying and socializing. Prices are great and desserts are to die for. YUMMMM ME!
5	I tell you what. It was a real treat discovering this place.I come from a Bakery family and this place reminds me of back home.It's very hard to find locations like this!I'd have to say the Tart selection is my favorite (pecan especially).I will soon start stopping for a breakfast sandwich b/c I heard those were good too.Its amazing how long they're open and how people are there at all times of the night.
4	Finally! A 24 hour joint in Charlotte! I was introduced to Amelie's by a friend of mine and I am thrilled she did. I go to Amelie's once a week to catch up with girlfriends over coffee and delicious (and fattening) pastries and desserts. I adore the fact that it is always open and the employees are incredibly nice and helpful. They carry a wide variety of desserts and fresh pastries. They also carry breads, sandwiches and soups. I brought home a baguette a few weeks ago and by morning, it was no where to be found! It is a really unique and fun place to go with friends. They are constantly busy so be prepared to stand in line but it is definitely worth the wait. A word of caution: even though everything is made in the bakery and around the clock, not everything is as fresh as you think it might be. The cakes are refrigerated to keep fresh and cool which can make it difficult to eat and not always very enjoyable. I would probably stay away from those unless you see it come out and you know it was made recently. I recommend the tarts and the tea cakes. They offer quite a few mini desserts so it's easy and cheap to try many things at once without feeling like a gluttoness pig who just lost all their money. Amelies is definitely worth the trip even if it's just to stop in for a cup of coffee!
4	This rating is only based upon one (OK two, well three, including the take home piece but who's counting) slices of cake I got to indulge in while attending a recent baby shower. It was delicious. I think it was a lemon and raspberry filling. I'm not sure. I mean, when i bite into a dessert I like, I kind of forget, who? what ? where? when? This one took me there! The only thing I am sure of is they ordered the cake from here. I confirmed this after the slapped me out of my sweet delusional state.
4	My father and I took a trip to Paris last year with a few other family members.  Upon our return to the states, he found Amelie's and has been talking about it ever since.  I'm in Charlotte visiting, and finally got to go this morning...if I lived in the area full time, I'd be at Amelie's once a week!  The decor is awesome - French shabby chic - and the food is even better.  The chocolate croissant was a very good replication of my favorite French breakfast (though the chocolate is a bit sweeter than it's French counter-part), and they have macarons!  I'll definitely be back soon to try a breakfast sandwhich and more pastries.
4	I have been to Amelie's twice, both times in the middle of the night. Even at all hours of the morning the staff was very friendly and helpful with suggestions. The decor is absolutely adorable. The mismatched plates do nothing but add to the ambiance.The deserts are beautiful for sure. They are pretty good, but I didn't quite do my "Happy Food Dance" from anything that I tried. I will continue to stop by if I'm in the area and enjoy my selections, but I don't know if I'd make the trip out to the neighborhood just to go there.
4	Recently had a sweet Sunday lunch at Amelie's bakery. The food was very good and fairly authentic. And the coffee was pretty good for drip. They need about 2 dozen more chairs, as there were plenty of tables even out in the atrium, but not nearly enough chairs, which is just bad form. Two things which would put the place over the top? Small salads such as fruit, goat cheese and pinenuts, and cranberry walnut, as sometimes you just need something green to balance out all the rich foods. The other?  Croissants made in-house.  Yep, they don't make them there, and it's a French Bakery!
5	Amelie's is a very charming little place.  It has a large selection of baked goods.It used to be fairly small, but recently they had a huge expansion and now they have lots of tables and seating.  So you can take advantage of the free wifi without feeling bad about taking up a table.It's not a coffee shop, so coffee selection is limited to standard drip.  They do have french presses available which is pretty cool.  But don't expect Starbucks.  I would love it to see them eventually expand their coffee choices.This is as good as it gets for Charlotte.
4	Came here for a late afternoon snack while visiting Charlotte and loved it. Pastries are great also had the citrus vanilla cake. Great ambiance come check this place out.
4	Reading all the great reviews on Yelp was my impetus to make it over to Amelie's French BakeryIt was so tasty I actually visited twice.....that and the fact there was utility work being done my 1st visit so their ovens weren't working On my must-try tasting menu & keep in mind, this was 2 trips:*  Cream Cheese Pocket - yummy surprise w/ sweet cream cheese filling a crunchy pastry-like shell w/ crumble topping  ( and resulted in 4 for the plane)*  Chocolate Croissant - okay but could have used more chocolate*  Peach Tart - super-thinly sliced peaches & lots of Apricot Glaze in an Almond-paste / cake like filling.....no strong peach flavor*  Pear Petit Four - mild tasting pear & Creme Fraiche w/ a Phyllo bottom*  Peanut Butter Petit Four - this treat won Amelie's the Best Dessert of 2008 Taste Of Charlotte competition & it was good.  Light yet rich all at the same time w/ Chocolate Ganache & Mousse w/ a layer of Peanut Butter*  Pecan Sticky Bun - One of the absolute yummiest Sticky Bun I have ever tasted.  It was doughy as doughy can be & the caramel actually made my teeth stick together it was so gooey & chewy.....it was incredible!  ( and resulted in 4 for the plane)***  SPECIAL NOTE: ***  The Pecan Sticky Bun does not travel well & is best eaten the same day.  The chewy caramel melts into a sugary glaze & the bread dries out something awful.....but I guess this is what you get with FRESH-NO-PRESERATIVES kind of baking*  Mushroom & Leek Tartine - little open faced sandwich w/ teeny cubes of Portabello & Leek in a buttery & creamy sauce w/ Sea Salt chunks - extremely flavorful & wish there had been more of it!So would I come back to Amelie's?  In a heartbeat!  I didn't even begin to scratch the surface of all the yummy offerings they had
4	Salted caramel brownie.  Need I say more?
4	It's places like Amelie's that save Charlotte from being another cookie-cutter new-growth city.  Great space and ambiance, and on top of that, great coffee, pastries without local peers, and surprisingly tasty and reasonably priced sandwiches.The only knock on this place was that when I went there for the first time, the staff were completely disorganized.  I think that a couple of them were dealing with a customer placing a custom order for a cake or something, and that caused the line to grow and grow, at which point someone should have come out of the kitchen to help - but they didn't.  They also forgot to fill up the coffee dispenser, so even after I got my cup, I just had . . . an empty cup.  Things shaped up during that visit, and I left belly-full and well caffeinated.  C'est la vie, right?Otherwise, it's always a pleasure to visit this place, and with their hours, you can fix that cream puff craving no matter when it strikes.
4	What a nice place! While in Charlotte visiting family, I decided to yelp a place to find a tasty birthday cake. After getting some sushi we drove down to Amelie's, and for a while I was concerned that we were headed in the wrong direction - the area was pretty sparse and industrial looking. But when we pulled up and I saw the cute little porch I knew it would be good. The interior is artsy and adorable, with a touch of class. I'm a big fan of the various chandeliers they had and of course - the sweets. What yummy looking sweets, served up by a friendly staff. I got a free eclair for it being my birthday, and chose a big fat chocolate cappucino/rum cream cake. Then we had some french pressed coffee. Overall, I'd say the sweets I had were decent, not amazing. The cake was a bit dry but still yum. If I'm ever in Charlotte again though I'll definitely have to bring some friends to this place, The atmosphere is simply lovely. The best part? It's open 24 hours.
5	Amelie's is well known for it's excellent atmosphere, fun decor, free wifi and of course their delicious pastries. If you stop in here for lunch, you really do owe it yourself to try the soup. Their flavors rotate, so depending on how often you come in, there should be new ones to try. So it's hard to say which one is the best but the leek soup should not be passed by when it is offered.
5	It took me a while to get over to Amelie's, which was recommended by a friend, but since my first visit a couple of weeks ago, I've taken five different people in to show them the awesome, and it's a difficult thing to keep myself from going back there every day.  The fresh fruit and cheese danishes are possibly the best danish I've ever had in my life, whatever time of day I happen to eat one...in the morning, in the evening, whatever.  I've tried a couple of the sandwiches -- the seeded roast beef is particularly good, but the pate with cornichons is also none too shabby.  I bought some gluten-free baked treats for a friend of mine who suffers from that tragic non-bread-eating disability, and she loved them, which makes me really appreciate that Amelie's cares enough to provide some options for everyone.   And the decor is awesome, and it's not too far a stretch to imagine just hanging out there all the time, although I wouldn't want to contribute to the scarcity of tables.  Everything's a little spendy compared to some of the other bakeries around, but it is actually that much better, so there you go.
2	This place has a wide variety of quaint desserts, sandwiches, coffee, and tea. However, the novelty of the decor (french decor, lots of artistic decor) quickly wears after a few visits. The pastries are totally overpriced, the service is pretty bad, and this place often seems to be the high school and stoner hang out.
4	My first visit to Amelie's and I am a lifelong, hymn-singing devotee.  I knew I can expect quality goodies from the many reviews I read, but to try them in real time was another experience.  I went in after a late lunch with my sister (we saved our dessert space specifically for Amelies)  Stepping in, the insides were soooooo cute, just makes you want to stay in for a couple hours :)  All the desserts looked simply indulgent, and it was hard to select just 2-3 items.  I love tea cakes, but when I couldnt decide between the raspberry and lemon, the lovely lady said she would choose raspberry--as did I.  And Im glad I did because it was so light yet rich and flavorful.  Light because I didnt feel the need for milk with it :-D  I also got a Palmier (very crispy and buttery) and a cinnamon stick.  I chose smaller and lighter things because I had a big lunch.  I will be back to sample everything else, and more time on my hands.The service was excellent, even with a line behind me, the person behind the counter patiently waited while I selected.  Everyone was nice, helpful and fast.
4	I love Amelie's. The only thing bad about this place is that it is so far away from my house. They have the best coffee-I crave it. My other favorites include the carrot ginger soup and the seeded roast beef sandwich. The prices may be a little on the higher side, but I for one don't mind paying for a certain quality. I have never experienced less than stellar service, even when the counter is crowded. Amelie's is always a good experience and highly recommended!
5	What's not to love? It's a little taste of Paris, right in NoDa. The coffee, pastries, sandwiches, atmosphere and staff are all superlative. If you haven't been yet, get in your car NOW. You can thank me later. With a cream puff.
4	What a great place for a late night bite- or mid-afternoon sugar craving! Nice college-like ambiance - cute little tables, mismatched chairs, games available to play- people reading,studying, talking etc. The food was great- I had a leek soup and a croissant sandwich with Havarti cheese (killer!) ...and the dessert well - equally amazing ! Priced right - the only complaint is that it can be tough to find a seat...and if you do find one where people are studying- you feel a little uncomfortable talking.
4	It's only 1 star short b/c I've only been once. I had some spinach&leek soup which also had carrots, potatoes, etc. and it was DELICIOUS. also had a fresh fruit tart which was good too. what i loved the most was its interior. lots and lots of different places to sit! chairs at all kinds of different tables, little couches...there were several little areas or corners where you could study alone or with a group. I think they also have free wifi. It was like being in a home. Lots of unique decor and delicious pastries. Definitely would like to go again. And again and again and again...might I also add it's the first French place I actually liked!
5	Best baguette in town. Oh how I love thee let me count the ways; 24hrs, frozen take-home bread, the twice baked croissants, plenty of room(s), wi-fi, coffee, sandwiches, coolness obtained by being there, etc. 5*s for it being in Charlotte. 3.5*s overall because the butter croissants are a little weak and the prices a little high, but it's worth it for that baguette...http://emoteuntildeath.blogspot.com
5	I love Amelies!!!!  Great atmosphere- OPEN 24 hrs!   So hard to find in Charlotte.  Decor changing all the time, so fun and girly.  Great spot to reserve for a shower or party!  Best fresh pastries, dilworth Coffey and yummy small sandwiches.  Definitely chick food, but the breakfast sandwiches are pretty hardy, and so delicious!  Very close to perfect!
5	I am so psyched--I have one of their new mugs that you can get for about $13, so now every time I go refills of their liquid heaven are only $1!! Deal of the century---now I really wish they would open one closer to Salisbury!
5	Wow, I am sad I didn't find Amelie's sooner. After a long day in Charlotte I was looking for a place to grab some coffee and a dessert and there was Amelie's. As soon as we stepped inside the smell of fresh baked pastry welcomed us. Once I saw the fruit tart I knew what I was going to order. My husband choose the chocolate croissant. I was pleasantly surprised when they informed us that they serve french press coffee. The interior is decorated in a funky and eclectic style which is n stark contrast to the refined pastry they serve. The crust on the tart was delicate and buttery topped with sweetened cream and sliced fresh ripe fruit. There was a sweet sticky glaze over the top. YUM! The chocolate croissant was flaky and buttery with just enough chocolate in every bite. I will be back again and again.
5	I'm considered by many (and myself) to be a food snob. That doesn't mean the food has to be uppity, Michelin star quality. It just has to be done right, with proper ingredients, and proper preparation. Amelie's delivers on all of this. I can't believe it's taken me 2 years to find this place since they opened. I've only been there a hand full of times so far, but my goal is to try everything on their menu and in their case at least once (and not gain a ton in the process). Their soups are very flavorful. I tasted the Tomato Fennel which had a very surprising and pleasant spice to it (heat spice, just a little bit). I ordered it but when it came time to deliver they were out. I happily substituted the Portabello and Caramelized Onion with Goat Cheese, which I regretted not asking for a sample of to begin with. Very flavorful broth, and I loved the small chunks of goat cheese. My boyfriend had the Spinach, Asparagus, and Leek soup which was very light and flavorful. I've also had the Thai Sweet Potato which was exceptional in flavor. A hint of curry, chunks of sweet potato. I enjoy that none of the soups are served scalding hot and come with a portion of baguette. Sandwiches have been phenomenal. I would typically never order roast beef, but after trying the Seeded Roast Beef I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. Perfect amount of horseradish and served warm. The Croque Monseiur lived up to my expectations, as I spent about 24 hours in anticipation dreaming about ordering it for dinner that night. Perfectly crisped brioche with melted Gruyere on top... just yum. The desserts and pastries.... wow. As someone with a degree in culinary arts who has taken her fair share of baking courses, I fully appreciate the difficulty, complexity, and time involved in baking true French confections. I appreciate that Amelie's does not try to put their own spin on much, rather represent true French cuisine. They do it very well. The eclairs are better than any I've had, and I do enjoy their chocolate bavarian cream filled (one of their few unique twists). The chocolate hazelnut tart is dense and rich, as is one of their small chocolate tort offerings. The coconut macaroons are crispy on the outside and perfectly chewy on the inside. Salted caramel brownies are to die for.... just insanely dense, fudgy, with a delightfully smooth and creamy caramel on top. No wonder it's an award winner. The cherry turnover had a spot-on flaky crust, but I wish their had been more whole cherries in the filling. Their blueberry and cream cheese danish is hands down the most amazing danish I've had in my life. Other danish do not deserve to use the name. In addition to the food, you can't beat the atmosphere. It has a good, positive feel to it and the scenery is always changing. It's a diverse crowd and the owners are very nice people. I kind of wish they had cappuccino/espressos, but now I'm just getting very picky. Add in the fact that they're open 24/7, and it's definitely a favorite in my book. The price is absolutely fair for the quality of food.
5	the best in nc, bar none.
5	This place was incredible! The pastries, atmosphere, the kind staff. Parking is good also, it's on the end of a strip mall.Everything I had was fresh. You can taste the quality, like the butter in the puff pastries that doesn't make you feel like a glutton.The place is spacious, great scene for laptops, dreamers, and lovers. I like how you can see what's going on in the kitchen, it adds to the intimacy. They have outside seating with huge umbrellas, they know the sun can get pretty brutal. It's a very thoughtful place, inside and out, cake and more.
5	Absolutely fabulous!  I have never had a more flaky croissant in my life.  The danish was out of this world.  I will gladly drive an hour and a half for these pastries!
3	Busy little bakery, eh? The pastries looked divine, the bread smelled fantastic, and the coffee did its job. The atmosphere was whimsical, funky, and colorful!The downside was the fresh sourdough bread that they baked for me while I was having breakfast there. I envisioned a flaky and firm crust with a fluffy, hot inside. Wrong vision. It was hard through and through. Bummer, big time.
5	I'd kept hearing about how great Amelie's was and finally I had to see what the hype was all about.  So I left work in South Park at 9:30 and drove to Amelie's in NoDA...and now I'm hooked.This place is extremely eclectic, with furniture from the ReStore in a Warehouse looking strip mall.  Parking is great and there's even a patio for outside seating.  But you're not going to Amelie's for the parking or the outside seating.  The pasteries are to die for.  I had a cup of coffee, a croissant, and some raspberry tart thing...for dinner.  YUM!It killed my diet but I didn't care - even returning the next day to try something else.  Now I'm intentionally finding a reason to go to NoDA just to go to Amelie's.
4	I finally managed to stroll into Amelie's late last night.  The place has massive potential, but I'd have to call the experience a mixed bag.The fellow taking my order was quite cordial.  I asked for the breakfast sandwich, and was told I could select three items, and have it on a croissant or baguette.  I selected sausage, cheddar, and egg on a baguettte.  The egg never got to my sandwich, but the rest was quite good.  I am confident they would have fixed it, but who wants to work that hard at that time of night?The fellow taking our order also recommended some sort of multi-layered chocolate confection that was stunning!  We also had a bowl of soup (cream of asparagus?) that was slightly above average.  The bread it came with was stellar.  They had an adequate selection of today's trendiest teas.The decor and the late-night clientele is the other half of the show.  Every turn opened up into a new crowd of kosmic bohemians.  I just couldn't help but notice that so many of these denizens of the night had little in front of them by way of food and drink.  It does make it harder for a couple with food, drink, and dessert to find a place to sit.All in all.....I do look forward to my next visit!
4	I love Amelie's. The salted caramel brownies are possibly the most delicious things in Charlotte. I love the cozy nooks and crannies and the ample places to plug in my laptop. I love the cool atrium out back (check it out if you haven't yet), where it's still possible to find some quiet. I love that they are open 24 hours a day. I love the fussy decor. I love it all...except the prices. They're a little proud of their pastries, and everything costs about a $1 more than it should.
4	I must be honest, I was hesitant at first to try this place. I can't pronounce the name, I was sure that it was a glorified Panera. However, a friend of mine asked me to meet him there, so I obliged. When I first walked in, I loved the eclectic style that was everywhere with the mismatched furniture that all just effortlessly "went" together. The place was packed and so was the pastry display case. My mouth was watering as soon as I walked in. The sweet and savory smells that waft throughout the entire venue are irresistable. I had the portabella and leek soup with a hot chocolate. Incredible! The goat cheese gave it an extra layer of flavor that just made the soup so perfect and the hot chocolate was real chocolate with steamed milk. It is the kind of food you crave when you are looking for comfort after a bad day.Since that first experience, I do try to go back as often as I can. The salted caramel brownies are amazing and they even have the recipe online for people to try. This establishment really shows what true craftsmanship and quality should be like within the food industry and I always feel like their number one customer!
4	Amelie's is the only place of its kind and it's convenient to Noda denizens. I have not tried the coffee but liked their selection of teas. The staff are accommodating and allow you to refresh your tea with more hot water if necessary. My one complaint is that they ONLY offer disposable/to-go cups. I often come here to read or study so I like to stay a while and would love to sip out of a mug as opposed to paper.The decor is kind of sloppy in my opinion. Still, it far surpasses the sort of generic decor you'd find in any other coffee shop in Charlotte. I very much appreciate the effort! Some of the tables in the middle of the cafe tend to get dark (farther from the windows) and the floor lamps  don't always offer adequate lighting for reading. This is the ideal place for a day of study (FREE Wi-fi) and some eats. The custard tarts have a very silky consistency and are nicely flavored. I find the fruit tarts are just sweet enough. I do not care for danishes but bought some for a friend who really enjoyed them. The desserts are authentic and they have a variety of sandwiches. I dont love their croissants.Open 24 hrs- so you can come here if you dont want to go home at the end of the night.
5	I had heard about this place for awhile now but had yet to make it out there...and boy oh boy I am so glad that I did I will definitely be coming again soon. Butter butter everywhere. I would trade chocolate any day for a baguette and butter. At Amelie's you don't have to trade in your chocolate but please dig your teeth into one of their classic french sandwiches like the croque monsieur and don't leave until you have a pastry... how about a chocolate croissant to go. I really wanted a taste of everything, since they're open 24 hours I probably could have done it. They also have a great espresso bar, I was really thirsty so I went with a lavender lemonade that was delicious and refreshing. Relax by yourself, or bring your friends. A very unique place and well worth every penny. .
5	One of my very favorite places in Charlotte. This place is absolutely incredible. Amelie's has managed to convince me, many times, to not move away from Charlotte. The food is incredible- we go there for breakfast often. It is open 24 hours and has a great energy.
4	A recent visit to my favorite patisserie has me very pleased. Amelie's now has house plates and mugs! I still like to bring my own mug because theirs are quite small.. There are also many more counter attendants to retrieve your delectables and help move the line along.
4	Yum. Yum. Yum!!!!
5	Sweet place! Good food and eclectic surroundings. I hear it's open 24/7?
5	I just realized that I have not reviewed Amelie's - one of my favorite-est bakeries around.Let me just tell you about my love affair with this French bakery. 1) They have salted caramel brownies. Yup, you read it correctly. Absolutely delectable salty/sweet/chocolately goodness. It will certainly give you a toothache and you'll appreciate it.2) This place is open 24 hours. Holla! 3) The croissants. Oh momma likes. My personal fave is the strawberry cream cheese, but the chocolate will do in a pinch, too.4) Great coffee. The kind of coffee that you enjoy outside the states,. No Folgers, here, friends.5) Free WiFi! Woot!6) The all around lovely atmosphere. Amelie's is just a cozy, breath of fresh air for me. The perfect spot to park with a laptop or stuff my face with umpteen pastries.On a side note, I haven't tried Amelie's lunchy food yet, but I'm looking forward to it. Amelie's makes me (almost) love the French - it's THAT good.
4	I might just move into Amelie's -- and I could probably totally get away with it since I hear they are a 24-hour biz. And if they didn't mind me camping in a corner with my laptop and washing my hair in their bathroom sink and receiving mail there, this relocation could be viable on both sides.I mean, I love coffee. And I love homemade dessert. So they would have quite the perma-customer. All in exchange for allowing a drifter to indulge in their cute and quirky space: striped walls, hip chandeliers, arty black & white photography.In other words, lurved it. Enjoyed my ice latte too. But unfortunately, the coffee torte left a little something to be desired -- evidenced by the fact that I left mine only 2/3 finished. UNHEARD of when it comes to dessert. However, I'm not holding it too much against them since they have a display case FULL of tempting goodies... many of which I'm sure will become staple meals of mine once I move in.
4	Great desserts.. love the atmosphere! Bet ya didn't know everything in this amazing french bakery was recycled or found at goodwill? It's awesome eclectic mix makes for a living room like environment. Love that it's 24 hours too.
5	Um, WOW. Charming French bakery heaven in the South! Whoa! Uh, lets see, what don't they have?!!! - Chocolates, pastries, sweets galore. Check! - Coffees, teas, and other pallet satisfying drinks. Check! - Awesome Impressionist pastel colors decor. Check! - Board games. Check! - Parking lot. Check! - Open 24 hours. Check! - Takes credit cards. Check! - Uber comfy chairs. Check! If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd be at this place ALL THE TIME.
4	Probably the best bakery in Charlotte, behind polka-dot cupcakes, and open 24 hours!  Lots of variety and excellent dark chocolate deserts in bite-sized portions.  Great people watching late-night on weekends as people stop by for a chocolate nightcap.
4	A hidden treasure in Charlotte's NoDa district. Open 24 hours a day, it is definitely a great place to grab coffee and some yummmmy desserts after dinner or if you can't sleep. The eclectic decor adds charm to this place, and you will always find an interesting crowd. If you're into people watching, you will definitely have a good time, although no one is going to be watching you. I only went here a few times while living in Charlotte, but each time I went I left happy and content in my stomach and in spirits.
4	A 24-hour French bakery in Charlotte that is actually profitable?  Yep and I'll add my two cents to the other Yelpers as to why this is....The place is huge..it has several cozy rooms and has seating galore.  The building shares an indoor patio with adjoining businesses for bigger groups.  The decor itself is awesomely quirky.  Check out the chandelier made of eating utensils when you enter the front door.  Classic furniture and French memorabilia on the walls.  So you never fight for a seat.  Free Wi-Fi and books all over the place, as well.The coffee is most excellent, even decaf.  That's rare when even the decaf tastes good.  I love chocolate croissants and Amelie's makes a crispy one at  that. Plus, the tarts are tres bon!  You can order a French press and they will bring you a small press for two.  Nice date idea, fellas.  The desserts are smallish (I'm American, I know) and the prices are somewhat steep for these goods.  Still, its an experience. Go for the coffee and fellowship and indulge yourself in the sweets once in a while.  Nice place to meet trendy folks in Charlotte.
4	Open 24 hours, chic and cozy decor, scrumptious food options, and chillax vibe - what's not to love and rave about? I hope Amelie's remains a staple in Noda for years.
3	The decor is adorable, and the atmosphere is cozy and definitely encourages hanging out and chatting. Unfortunately, nothing I've had on the menu has been all that great. It all tastes like stuff I could make at my own house (some of which I could make much better). I really wanted to love it though, what with all my friends' raving.
3	I sampled some of their coconut macaroons at The Taste of Charlotte.  They were FANTASTIC.  I haven't actually made it to the shop yet, but will put it on my "list of things to do on a Saturday" list. Yay sugar! :D
4	First off let me say...this is a place we frequent due to the fact they are open 24/7 and have FRENCH PRESS coffee!!!It is like being able to truly just "get away" from the norm around Charlotte. I also think they have the best french baguette I have ever had. Before taking a road trip's to NC vineyards...we swing by and grab a baguette and chicken salad croissant...and a sweet something too!Amelie's to none compares in Charlotte!!!The ONLY thing they could add is some great music mix in the seating areas...sometimes it is almost too quiet depending upon what time you are there :+)The staff is really great too!!
4	Delicious-looking selections of pastries and desserts. Unfortunately I haven't tried any of them, as they are not vegan. However the few vegan soups I have had here have been absolutely delicious. Kind of pricey though, so it isn't an every week kind of treat.Usually seating is available if you avoid peak times.
3	It took me forever to finally try Amelie's, this wouldn't be that odd if I didn't live up the street and used to pass it almost daily on my way home from work!!So before heading to a 4th of July party we decided to bring our hosts an assortment of baked goodies from Amelie's and while waiting have some lunch.  I had the turkey with bacon and cheddar on a croissant.  It was really good, and very fresh but it was tiny and definitely didn't leave me sated.  No matter we were off to a BBQ I knew I'd be eating more in the near future.As for the pastries, I got a ridiculous assortment because you never know what people are going to like.  If I remember correctly I got, the regular chocolate croissant and the twice baked, a regular eclair and a chocolate, a napolean (sp?), a chery and apple turnover, some mini elephant ears, and more.  My sister also got a larger peach tart.Out of all of this, the only thing I really loved was the elephant ear, nothing else wowed me and I am a big dessert/sweets person.I'd go back since it is down the street but probably not for a while.
4	Yes, the salted carmel brownies are tasty.  So are the eclairs and the all the petit something or others and macaroons.  Its a french bakery, that stuff is supposed to be good.Let's be honest, the place is popular because they are open 24 hours a day.  The underage hipsters see it as a great place to all hang out and sit in the cushy little seating areas amongst the odd paint by numbers art and the victorian mish mash and talk about their twitter accounts, tight jeans, and shaggy haircuts without their parents thinking they are getting in trouble.For the rest of us, its that awesome place to get that last edible nightcap after all the bars have stopped serving food or closed.  I yearn for a sausage egg and cheese croissant after a night of staying on the edge of the mosh pit at the Milestone.Yes, I have been there during the light of day.  The wifi is a little slow, but it is a nice quiet joint if you need to plow through some work.
4	Went here last Friday for a late breakfast.  Was definitely more impressed this time around.  I had a breakfast sandwich w/egg, bacon, spinach and mozzarella on a baguette, and one of the lemon cream cheese filled pastries.The lemon cream cheese pastry was sooo good.  The outside was flaky and light and the filling that had the perfect lemon flavoring, not too strong or too light.  The breakfast sandwich was also really good, though I think if I had added tomato it would have given it the little something I felt it was missing.  My friends had an eclair and they loved it along w/another breakfast sandwich and the roast beef w/boursin on a croissant and they both really enjoyed.Happy I gave Amelie's another chance and it exceeded my expectations!
2	Why do I always do this to myself? Okay, I'll admit it. I had high hopes for Amelie's. After viewing their website and reading the rave reviews, I expected something...else. Maybe my hopes were too high, but I was ready to die in chocolate heaven, float on my blissful boat of yumminess and celebrate another year of being alive. Alas, it was not to be. My $50 chocolate chocolate birthday cake was anything but heavenly, and not at all blissful. In fact, I'm pretty sure that Harris Teeter makes a better chocolate cake. That being said, however, I still have hope for Amelie's, and won't dismiss it until I've tried some of their other sugary confections.
4	3.5 stars.I do dig this gem of a cafe in NoDa, but more for the atmosphere than the baked goods (which I think could use some more oomph). I love the quaint decor, the antique mismatched chairs and spread out feel and the art on the wall. Students studying, a couple playing boardgames, friends catching up - Good vibe. Coffee was good, thank goodness, I was dying for java. We sat outside in the atrium, sort of odd that they expand out because it doesn't seem a part of the cafe, but it's so quiet and open, I quite like that they have the space. We had a late lunch and ordered the ham and gruyere tartines. They were tasty, but too small!Anyway, the main reason I went there was to check out the pastries since I needed dessert for a big family event that's coming up and had read so many rave reviews. The guy at the counter couldn't offer up any free samples (or a smile) but he did walk me through their wonderful looking array of baked goods to tell me what they had which was helpful. I was excited for the tasting and a bit sad that it didn't blow my mind.I sampled:Coconut macaroon - meh, a miss for me, I did not dig the sweetener/sugar that they used, I thought they were overpriced, and they were not at all reminiscent of the best macaroons I have ever had, in France. Mini berry tart - I wanted to love it, it looked so cute, and it wasn't even too sweet, but it wasn't memorable either.Chocolate hazelnut tart - recommended by the guy at the counter, I had high hopes for this one, and the chocolate filling, although not really hazelnut-y was decent, but the crust was dry and hard and not ok.Mini fruit tart - this was the best of the lot, the crust was decent, the custard added moistness. But it didn't make me ooh or ahh either. I am disappointed I can't use their baked goods for our event, but they just didn't wow me.So to sum it up, It's a little out of the way for me, but if I lived closer I would definitely go there often. I was eyeing the chocolate croissant, one of my favorite all time pastries, and I will go for a larger sandwich next time, and maybe sample this salted caramel brownie that is so popular. Charlotte needs more non cookie-cutter cafes like this.
4	Amelie's has such a mind-numblingly large selection that I had no idea what to get when looking at their pastry case.  I eventually got a little bit of this, and a little bit of that, and was later shocked at how much I just spent. :)The only problems?  It's way the heck up in NoDa, and the Jamon sandwich was toasted and had Dijon mustard on it.  Blasphemy!
5	I must admit, my first time here, I was like "eh?" That said, my next 10 or so visits have been so much better. I think I ordered the wrong item the first time...probably a diet water or something...can't remember...don't care. I will say that all visits since have been with my wife and she knows how to order treats, so based on her advice I have found many favorites. I also enjoy sitting in the large back area and check out the free wi-fi and relax with some coffee and treats. A few treats are a little high priced for me, but then again, I'm not eating them daily. Anything peanut butter is tops with me, but the cream cheese puff is also a winner for me.This place is cool, the staff is cool and the food is even cooler! Love it!
4	I live in NODA and don't make it over here a lot, but when I do it's pretty good!! I do tend to get the same things but they work for me!! I typically order a cup of the soup *please note Im a huge soup lover!!! I can eat soup on the hottest day of the year i just LOVE it!!  last two times I was in it was a potato leek with asparagus ( 95% sure) very good both times. I also have the Roast Beef with Borsin cheese on a baguette, my FAV!! I just want the option of having it to be bigger :) just a suggestion!! I'm not even going to try to start to name all of the pastries I've had from here, because it has been a lot!! All I can tell you is that almost all are great!! Some are not my favorite but you weed them out and find the ones you love!! In the future I'm going to try and make more of an effort to come here!! PS not sure if y'all heard but they are opening one in uptown across from The Green!!!
5	Simply lovely. I've tried it all -- pastries, sandwiches, soups.... and it's ALL good.
3	We stopped by here on the way home to satisfy my special lady wife's need for sweets after two stops indulging my own beer needs. i was surprised at the crowd just before 9 o'clock on a Thursday night. i really had not read anything about this place and had driven by countless times having no clue it even existed. The cluster of ooglers and droolers deciding what to order wasn't ideal, but some dude took our order and moved us along.  i just told him i wanted something chocolate and chocolate with some chocolate. Whatever he picked out was perfect. The chocolate mousse-stuff went nicely with my Abita Jockamo IPA and the latest episode of Big Brother. All in all, our order was like $13 for 2 little bites and two bigger treats. Thanks be to the Entertainment Book for $5 off, bringing the total to $8.
4	We stopped by Amelie's after dinner and I was quite impressed.  The place was huge with plenty of seating.  I really like the way they have the place decorated with bright colors and lots of crazy art on the walls.  They had a wide variety of pastries to choose from which automatically makes them worthy of 4 stars in my book.  I tried a chocolate mousse cup and it was delightful!  It was so sweet I thought I'd have to stop after only 2 bites, but before I knew it the whole thing was gone.  I just couldn't stop myself!  The only drawback to this place was it was incredibly busy when we stopped by at 8:30pm on a weekday.  This is the type of place that I'd normally like to get a pastry and coffee and have a seat to relax for a bit.  With all the commotion I didn't think we'd be able to enjoy ourselves so we got our treats to go.
4	I have an insane sweet tooth and on a recent trip to North Carolina was told that this place was not to be missed! I was surprised at how it was open 24 hours and also the line and overall size of the place! It was huge inside and many people were just hanging out even at 10 at night. People were eating, doing work and just lounging throughout the entire place. The line moved quickly and I ended up with a salted Carmel brownie, which was very tasty. The only thing that was just a tad bit disappointing is that there wasn't much selection when I was there. It seemed that they were in the midst of changing out their display. I appreciated when the cashier also told us about the free water cups instead of immediately charging us for a bottle of water. Overall, the brownie was very good and the small raspberry cup was delicious as well. The prices were reasonable and the entire dining area/lounge rooms were very clean.
4	This place is amazing. The beautiful desserts, handmade breads and soups from scratch are all pretty good. It's a late night destination for many in Charlotte since it's open 24 hours. The menu is a bit limited and it's kinda hit or miss. I've had great soup & sandwiches here and other times it's been "meh".
5	As a newcomer to Charlotte, exploring can be an adventure, a hazard, and sometimes both. But every once in a while, you hit the jackpot. You walk into a place and as soon as you do, you think to yourself, there is some awesome shit going on here. And y'know? That gut instinct was right.First off - the decour in this place is a-mazing. Extremely eclectic, while being chic, hilarious, hipster and interesting at the same time. I don't know how many times I pointed at things that I just wanted to up and take home with me. STAFF: No complaints on my end, but I'm a pretty easy person to please. However, one person I was with was miffed to learn that they only used whole milk or soy to make lattes, no skim or inbetweensies. Another friend I was with is very specific in what she gets - coffee, iced, half cream/half 2%. Not only did they not have 2%, but using cream was 'against the rules', which I'm not even sure the meaning of on that one. I had no problems, though.FOOD: Breakfast sandwiches are absolutely incredible. Sausage, egg, tomato, gruyer on a croissant. Not to mention it's huge. It was all flaky, warm and delicious. Other breakfast sandwich experiences were the same from people in my party - all to die for. Picked up a couple of tarts, as well. The raspberry lemon tart is not only gorgeous, but absolutely delicious. Picked up another tart that was chocolate ganache with raspberry preserves, but it was a little too sweet for my taste. I got to sample the lemon tea cake as well, and though a little pricy, I would definitely pick up some for a tea party (being a huge tea aficionado in the first place).Coupled with the free wifi, and comfortable and plentiful seating, I'm definitely on the Amelie bandwagon. This is a great place to take anyone for coffee.... and other delicious things!
4	The atmosphere alone is worth 4 stars for me.  And the croissant was good enough for me to keep trying with the food.What I loved - the atmosphere, the staff, the coffee (please, will the people who are falling to pieces about no skim or 2% just go to Starbucks and stop taking up space and breathing my full-fat air), my ham and cheese breakfast croissant, the mini-fruit tart.What I liked - the salted caramel brownie, which in no way resembles a brownie, but is very sweet and satisfying.  I still have a small chocolate mousse waiting for sampling, and am just gonna give it the benefit of the doubt.What I didn't like - the rest of the pastry selection I sampled really suffered (but I'm a fighter, and I am gonna keep trying!!).  The cream puff was several days old, it might have been better had in made recently but the one I had was quite stale.  The same problem with the cherry turnover, I think this would be very nice if it had been fresh.  But I won't order this one again.  The chocolate croissant was just unfortunate.  Whomever had made the croissant, or maybe served it, had been working with asiago cheese previously.  So my chocolate croissant had a very distinct asiago cheese flavor - not good, not good at all.We were there at 9:00 on a Sunday - i would expect Saturday to be the biggest baking day, so maybe we were there early enough that they were clearing out the old stuff before stocking the newly baked goods.  But all in all, I am coming back, Jack, to do it again...
2	In a nut shell, I am a vegan and amelies offers no vegan options... Having said that,  I live extremely close to amelies and have visited the bakery several times when friends and family are around.  On my visits I do politely ask if there are any vegan options that they offer and usually I get a friendly no,... however the last time I went the person behind the counter was so utterly rude about it it makes me not want to visit this place.  I understand my dietary needs are a choice and by no means to I expect everyone to conform to them, but I don't think it's appropriate when a suggestive question is posed that they be rude about it.  I'm just sayin! ;)  In other news... if you know of any places that have vegan dessert options (other than zizis) lemme know, as I've got a wicked sweet tooth!!!
5	A little piece of French Awesome in the South (BTW - I usually never use those two words in a sentence together). The best soup in the city and a great place to hang with friends or go read a book alone. Oui Oui is all I can say!
5	The infamous Amelie's, oh how i love you! This fine french bakery has been apart of my weekly routine for almost two years now. Their pastrys are consistantly amazing and the atmosphere is as quirky as they come. I love to come here with friends to hang out or while using their wi-fi: catching up on hw. Food: my poison are the little frenh style macarons. Absolutely deliscious! I craved them all summer while i was in oregon and when i came back i had to have one straight off the plane! Over the summer however it seems like the macarons got down sized... but the price stayed the same? While the flavors aren't as exciing as pix patiseiri in portland, they are still awesome. If ur lacking a sweet tooth get a bagete and a couple of their cheese spreads, half and quarter bagettes available. Coffee is awesome here by the way and some others notible confections are: salted carmel brownie, petite fours, mousse cups, and their soups are to die for.Service and style: servers are rad, style of their own. Very eclectic and kinda makes me feel at home. The only thing that erks me is that when people come in who don't know what to order and clog up the line. There is a system here, please don't be a tourist for too long, especially if there is a million people behind u. LOVE THE DECOR!!!!!!!
4	Despite the fact that I never, never eat anything out of the amazing dessert cases, Amelie's provides a great bakery and coffeehouse experience. Good WiFi, and you can usually cozy up to a power outlet if you need to. The staff is typically young, and can sometimes come off with an unfriendly attitude (but maybe they are just shy/confused). The vibe is funky and sprawly, the coffee is good and if they are able to retain commited baristas, there is hope for the espresso as well. Having spent time and money in Parisian bakeries on many occasions spanning decades, Amelie's seems a bit pricey on the bakery side to me. But with it being such a rarity in Charlotte there is a supply/demand thing at work here that seems to justify the expense.
4	Okay.  I can't really say much to add to the description of the food.  Very decadent pastries, some pricier than others but overall not too gouging.  You've heard that already.What I love here is the spirit of the place.  I've never seen a spot like it in Chitown, where social segregation is the order of the day.  I eat at Amelie's without minding the obnoxious hipsters.  Hipsters eat at Amelie's without minding the yuppies.  Yuppies eat at Amelie's without minding the guys who roll into the parking lot blasting rap music.  Rap music blasters eat at Amelie's without minding the squealing hyper college students who act like this is the first time they've been up past ten without their mom knowing (maybe its true).  And college students eat at Amelie's without minding the moms.The place is not just a French bakery.  Its a perfectly nonjudgmental social utopia.
5	Pumpkin Cream Cheese Muffin! Light yet very pumpkinny w/ a ginormous gloopy bloop of cream cheese. Add cinnamon crumble on top & you've got 1 of the best muffins on the planet! Also indulged in their Twice-Baked Croissants - these things rock & are a go-to pick! Almondy & moist & cakey, these croissants are exponentially more delish than any old standard almond croissant. I've had both the plain & the chocolate & have to say I prefer the plain Lastly, got to indulge in their Salted Caramel Brownie & have to say I could take em or leave em - was not wowed. Thin brownie w/ an equally thick layer of caramel icing-like stuff. Guess I was expecting the caramel would be swirled throughout the brownie but it was just like icing On the savory side of the house, got to try the Spaghetti Squash Tartine & it was very unusual yet very tasty. Not sure what herbs they baked that squash with but the squash was tender, not stringy & extremely flavorful Also tried the Brie & Apricot Tartine & this was so good & sweet from the apricots it was like a dessert - and this is a huge compliment! Would get both again!!
4	Yuppies and hipsters abound, NoDa is most likely the coolest place in Charlotte.  Enter Amelie's Bakery.  I will be honest, the food is delicious here.  However, the ambiance is definitely what takes the cake with this bakery. Yes, pun intended.I indulged in the critically-acclaimed salted caramel brownie, and it was deliciously rich.  The luscious European butter used for their pastries certainly give a certain richness and flavor that normal butter cannot provide.  Also, I had the French Almond and Raspberry macaroons, equally delicious, complimenting my green-white tea perfectly with every respective bite and sip. Again, the ambiance.  Two acoustic guitarists, excellent finger-picking, not so excellent voices, jammed in the main seating area. Classics like the Berenstain Bears and French novellas line the shelves, and a fireplace adds to the warmth of the lighting.  All in all, quite a comfortable area, and a great cafe to unwind after a stressful corporate day, one that I know all too well.
4	Amelie's is a small pastry shop that, according to my good friend that lives in Charlotte, has become incredibly popular since they expanded their hours to 24/7 (whenever that was).  As soon as we stepped through the doors tonight, it was apparent.  The line to the cash registers extended past the entire glass casing of pastries and almost into the next room.The bakery has an extensive selection of unique and freshly made pastries.  There are so many good looking treats to choose from, it makes deciding what to order difficult.  Fortunately, the employees are more than willing to help and describe the various sweets they offer.  I also noticed on the menu board that they serve breakfast foods, soups, sandwiches, and of course, coffees and teas.  I tried their popular salty caramel brownie.  It was thick, salty, sweet, sticky, and rich.  I could feel the cavities forming in my teeth as I chewed each bite.The design and decor of this place is original and "artsy."  There are a lot of handmade decorations, including the chandeliers.  The seating is comfortable and cozy and some of the restaurant looks more like a living room than a bakery with couches, coffee tables, lamps, and bookshelves.  Almost every seat was taken when we went, even in the atrium in the back.  The crowd was very diverse.  Live music was going on in one of the rooms.
5	Fabulous food and cozy atmosphere.  Yummy mocha latte and tasty nibbles.  Great place to hang with your laptop and get work done while sipping on great coffee.
3	Their coffee is incredibly sub-par. The aroma is lacking and it tastes like they leave the beans in open air.Aside from that, if you love french baked goods (loaded up with eggs, butter and sugar), you'll probably love here. In the display case you can find an array of beautiful tarts, cakes, croissants, eclairs and chocolates. Seeing I'm vegan, I have zero options for their baked goods, they don't offer any vegan sandwiches but occasionally have a vegan-friendly soup. My meat-and-cheese-eating friend said, "try anything, and you won't regret it".This place is open 24-7 and I have yet to ever see the place not busy! Usually all of the tables/chairs/couches are littered with people, but if you can find a spot, this place is prime people watching territory!
5	C'mon; where else can you get AMAZING pastries (and I mean amazing) 24 hours a day?! In the mood for something to eat/drink, I highly recommend this one. Great place to sit down, sip some coffee and have a bite. You would think it was 5:30 in the afternoon at 3am here. The locals love it, and it's a great place to relax at any hour. The decor is a very eclectic collection of conversation-inspiring knick knacks. A must do in the Charlotte area!
5	I have only recently relocated to Charlotte and finding this gorgeous little gem open on Christmas Day just about made my 2010. First, their pastry case is a bounty of perfectly-executed, lovingly scratch made petit fours, brownies, breads, rolls, and candies... even some honey buns (the salted caramel brownie is decadent and rich, half the-best-caramel-ever, half intense fudge brownie.) As though that weren't enough, the vibe there is chill, the decor is kitschy-chic, and they serve hot sandwiches, soup, and salads -- TWENTY FOUR HOURS A DAY. And on Christmas. How could you not love that?Moving on, they have a classic coffee bar with hand-pulled espresso, french press coffee, and drip coffee in case you're in a rush. Their barista on Christmas morning was sweet and kind, thankful that I asked where their bus tub was (so I could clear my table.)I got a breakfast sandwich with asiago, egg, spinach, tomato, and bacon on one of their impeccable croissants, and was totally impressed by how tasty and fresh it was.  I also drank a pot of fresh press coffee, which is potent and delicious (and I NEED strong, almost, crazy strong, coffee in the morning,) and wished I had brought a book or some knitting to spend the morning there. It was lovely, I am so excited to live nearby, and will be there over and over again for as long as I am living in Charlotte. Thanks so much to their staff for working through the holiday, so that I could enjoy my me time, even on Christmas Day.
4	I met up with a couple of friends while on my somewhat annual Christmas trip to Charlotte.  My friends were late due to traffic and laundry, so I sat in Amelie's on a couch by the door for about an hour (yeah, I know) and the staff didn't even care!  THIS IS A GOOD THING. I didn't get any dirty looks for not buying anything, nor did I get asked if I wanted anything.  They just let me sit there and wait.  And people watch.  The vibe of Amelie's is really laid back... One of my friends (can't remember who, sorry!) said that it was like a "little piece of Boone in Charlotte."  I wouldn't really say all that, but I definitely appreciated the mix of clientele from people getting off of work from their corporate jobs to hipsters coming to hang out, to young parents coming to pick up snacks, to whoever else happened to walk in to get anything ranging from coffee to a loaf of French bread.  I stayed for quite a while with my friends (again, not a problem with the staff at all) and was good with it all until about 10 pm, where the crowd seemed to gravitate more towards groups kids (I can say kids, right?) who are excited to not be at home with their parents and people dressed up for the skanky Charlotte bar scene.  That's when my friend and I finally took our queue to leave......But not before having a cup of awesome coffee, a croque monsieur, a fruit tie, a salted caramel brownie, a cup of earl gray, and a croissant... I told you, I was there for a while... Probably like 5 or 6 hours.  The food was all delicious.  The croque monsieur had a little more mustard than I would've liked, but I'm not a fan of mustard... The salted caramel brownie was AMAZING.  It was perfectly sized and had equal parts salted caramel and fudgy brownie.  The croissant just tempted my from the display case, so I HAD to eat it... The fruit tie?  While ginormous, I prefer the kolochies (totally butchered that word, but hey, I'm not Polish) made by the locals in Chicago. Final verdict:  I'll be bringing Joe the next time we go to NC and the food is kinda pricey I guess and nothing out of this world (except that brownie), but the atmosphere is totally worth it.
5	Ok, I stumbled upon this place at 4 am on a thursday night and the aroma of something warm and fresh filled with yumminess was about to come out of the over. The salted carmel brownie are HOLY F&$K MY MOUTH Delicious but if you can fancy yourself a croissant, then you my friend are in heaven!!The place is filled with charming, yet delightful and comfortable places to sit and the bakery is oddly large for that. The aroma is seemingly constant and I could not find myself in a happier place at 4 am and filled with alcoholic beverages. I think I even managed to order $45 worth of pastries just to bring into my ESPN crew the next day to indulge.
4	Oh yeah it's good. Good sandwhiches and pastries and coffee.
4	LOVE:- The cute and quirky decor- Four words: OPEN. TWENTY. FOUR. HOURS. Whoever owns Amelie's understands the human impulse for pastries at ungodly hours.- Three more words: SALTED. CARAMEL. BROWNIE. To die for!!- Breakfast sandwich on croissant: get it with the sausage, it is amazing!LIKE:- Vanilla eclair: The first time I had it it was perfect. But the second time I had it, the pastry itself tasted stale, like it sat in the fridge for too long- Chocolate torte: Just.... very chocolatey. Meh.- Raspberry lemon tartLOATHE:- Nothing! It can be too crowded at certain times though, which is sad if your initial plan is to plop down at a table or the sofas for awhile to enjoy your goodies.
3	I don't know, y'all... Amelie's sort of weirds me out.I've not ordered anything but pastries and tea, all of which have been decent but not earth-shattering... at least, nothing you can't get at any self respecting bakery styling itself "French."  One of these days, I'll try a sandwich and/or soup, but I find myself so off-put by the atmo that I generally avoid going, even when I'm craving a "French" pastry.It's just so... cavernous.  And the decor is a little fussy for my taste.  And it feels like a warehouse that someone's grandmother's house has thrown up on.  All of this to say that I don't feel particularly relaxed or comfortable when I go to Amelie's, and though I've brought a book or a magazine or some writing, all I really want to do is finish my croissant and split.I think the high ceilings and general lack of space dividers make me feel very exposed.  Sort of the same reason I don't like Best Buy.
2	I tried the raspberry cake and the cream cheese puffs. I was very underwhelmed. The cake lacked flavor and was very bland. The cheese puffs while ok were not like "omg I have to have!" I actually drove quite a ways to get to this place because I read that it was open 24hrs. Maybe the desserts taste better when you are drunk or you are a college student who typically lives off ramen. This seemed to be the type of crowd attracted to the place. It is a very eclectic-urban type place. Very artsy. While that does not bother me, I did not like how the location is right next to a club. Not at all a place that I will come back to. Le Madeleine is 100 times better sadly.
3	I love the food.  The atmosphere and business model is unique in every way and a BADLY needed addition to CLT culture. The spinach artichoke leek soup is the very best soup I have ever tasted and I'm usually twice the age of the average patron...every pastry and sandwich I have had has been great, truly. What holds my rating back is the service, it's consistently off, my order is consistently wrong and the last straw was last weekend I waited 30 min for a sandwich. I like Amelie's a lot but not that much. They cannot handle the crowds with the current staff. That might fly in Paris but here in the good ole US when I'm dropping $45 on lunch and snacks they need to step it up.
4	Being from out of town, I heard about this place from some of my classmates.  Since then, I have gone several times, and I have to admit how much I love this place.  The have a GREAT salted caramel brownie, tea cakes, and tarts.  I've ordered soup before as well, the sweet potato bisque, and I think it was one of the best soups I've ever eaten.  And they're open 24 hours, what more could a college student ask for?  Good coffee, which they have.And the decor is quite eclectic.  I just love the furniture and the ambiance of the place.  It has a very artsy feel to it, which is quite comforting to me.The only down side to this place is the price of items.  Yes, everything is very delicious, but you pay for the quality of the items.  I bought a cup of soup there, which came with a small slice of baguette, a brownie and a coffee.  This came to just over $8.  It was good, but a little steep.
5	Amelie's has the best pastries in Charlotte.  It is always on my itinerary when I have to be in the uptown area!  My husband will drive from Matthews for their eclairs and I will for the Salted Caramel brownie!!  What's more is that is doesn't matter when I need an Amelie's fix, because they are open 24x7 and every day of the year, including Christmas!!!  And the owners are lovely people who actually care about the community!
5	I've enjoyed a girls' night out, a family lunch with kids, and a daughter's birthday at Amelie's.  It's a great place to stop in for a pastry order to go--the chocolate croissants are the BEST!  There are some "interesting" characters that show up after 7pm, but it makes it better if you like to people watch.  Everything I've had from Amelie's has been fantastic.  I hope that it's a Charlotte staple for years to come!  The ONLY complaint I would have is when you need seating for a group of 4 or more people, and one person on their laptop is using the table for 6.  But that's not Amelie's fault..................
5	Love Love Love this place.  And it is open 24 hours!  I wish I could exclusively support businesses that are open 24 hours but that would reduce me to Amelie's and the Waffle House, so I've got to be realistic.  But, at the very least, I try to throw as much support to Amelie's as I can.Despite what some other reviewers have said, I love the decor here.  It is cleverly done vintage/DIY/Shabby Chic, and it works.  It has lots of different rooms, each with their own feel.  You can decide if you want to be in a quiet study room, a quiet conversation room, an atrium or the bustling business end.  Fantastic.  I have been this place quite a few times, too, and have always had excellent service, so not sure what these other gripes are about.  It does get busy at peak hours (weekend afternoons), so take that into consideration.  But, of course, you can always go at 2am, as well :)And the food is great, too.  I highly recommend the Napoleons, tea cakes, salted caramel brownies, twice-baked croissants, hot chocolate, their soups and the breakfast egg sandwiches.  Also, I often stop by to get a frozen baguette which you can pop in the oven and eat at your leisure later on.  My only nits are that I think their prices are a bit high, and I don't love their vanilla strawberry minicake (too much icing that needed to be served at room temperature (not chilled) and not enough strawberries and delicious cake).  These minor issues though, do nothing to detract from the overall awesomeness of this place.
2	My wife saw a story on TV about Amelie's and suddenly "we had to go"!  So, we took a field trip from Ballantyne to NoDa to check it out.For a French bakery, it's pretty lame when I can say Williams-Sonoma frozen chocolate croissants are night and day better than Amelie's.   We got a chocolate and cream cheese croissant and while they were both tasty, they were spongy and not flaky... ie, they lacked the actual appeal of a croissant.  The cream cheese puff was also very tasty, but chewy as if it was a day old or older.  For a place that's open 24 hours, you'd think they have fresher pastries in the case.We really wanted to like Amelie's... but we will probably never go back unless we have other business to tend to in NoDa.
5	Oh, Amelie's, what do I not love about you. I only wish I lived closer. One time I drove to you at 2:30 am and spent $11. I'm not saying I do this every night, but it's comforting to know I can.
5	I go to Amelie's because of their free Wi Fi (even though it is pretty slow and unsecured) and delicious, bold coffee. I don't know how someone can't like Amelie's..... it's such an eclectic mix of everything-decor, people, pastries, smiles, hipsters and drinks. Of course, the one thing that Amelie's has that many other places don't is the open- 24 -hours-factor. That is one of my major gripes about places in this area since I moved from the west where there seemed to be alot more 24 hours places. Why don't more businesses in the area see that that right there is a cash cow? Plus, I believe freaks come out at night so it's a fabulous people watching experience. Anywho, the fact that they are open 24 hours and I actually feel safe walking to and from my car at 1AM or 2AM is a major plus. Their chai latte is one of the best I've had and I keep swearing I am going to try more of their pastries but my booty begs me not to. I love Amelie's--more businesses should take after them
5	My favorite place in Charlotte for French Pastries, Sandwiches, and Soup. Yum!
4	I have to add that in my subsequent visits to Amelie's I have learned that their employees are very, very unhappy with their management, which is quite unfortunate to hear. For me, even an employee's happiness is important when it comes to where I spend my money.To Management:  Have a staff meeting. Ask why your employees are unhappy. Fix it. Your customers will be happier if your employees respect and trust you, and your employees will do a better job.
3	Obviously this is a popular place (100+ reviews in CLT is quite an achievement) and from the way the reviews are showing, people just cannot get enough of Amelie's.  I have to agree... this is an unique place for Charlotte, well fitted in the NoDa area with its quirky parisian decor.  And it is open 24 hours, a fabulously chic alternative to the good ole around the clock dining options (which are mainly diners & "Awful House").  I mean, just because it's 2:30am and a girl is looking a little rough after a night out doesn't mean she is condemned to scattered, covered and chunked only.I would have normally given it a 4-star, since I am a fan of the place and have enjoyed plenty of the mushroom & leek tartines... but I am feeling a little honest today.  Plus, being on a bandwagon has never been my style.To be fair, I don't a sweet tooth.  The only dessert I had here was a creme brulee.  It was peanut butter flavor... probably my first mistake of trying an unconventional take of the classic.  It was NOT to die for; in fact the center was very cold and not creamy and we did not even finish it (we, as in 2 people, and normally I would chow down a creme brulee faster than you can say "fatty").  So... thumbs down from me... better leave dessert reviews to others.But what really got to me was last night when I went there to study for my exam.  Knowing I would pull a late one, I figured I would order food when it got less crowded.  But before my seat was even warm, I was approached by an older man (owner?) because apparently I have committed the deadliest Amelie's crime of having a coffee cup from another place with me.  Sorry... I just didn't want to waste my perfectly made English Breakfast Tea with cream & sugar.  But instead of being friendly about it, he was blunt and rude. "This is NOT my coffee cup" is not going to make me feel warm & fuzzy about getting your coffee.  All I am saying is... a place like this supposes to make people want to stay & linger (and spend $ in the long run).  I know we are all here to make a buck, and I sure was going to (and did) spend my bucks there... it's ok to be nice about my existing (apparenlty illegitimate) drink.  A quick joke of "I hope you're getting something to go with that drink?" or even a nice "sorry no outside cups are allowed" would have conveyed the same message.At the end, as much as this place is unique and hip and cool alternative for late night dining, I personally think the food has always been "ok" and slightly overpriced for what it is (this is after all NOT a restaurant).  Will I be back?  Likely yes.  But let's hope next time I won't get prosecuted for something else I am not aware of.
5	Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! I've been in Charlotte for 3 years and never knew a place like this existed...nice job Charlotte!I'm not sure what to recommend to try, because everything looks SO GOOD! I recently had their White Bean & Ham soup and a Salted Carmel Brownie...YUM-O! Also, make sure to get a cup of their coffee...it's nice and smooth! LOVE IT!
4	I read recently that they were going to clone an Amelie's in the Hyde Park area of Tampa.  While I was back in Charlotte, I figured a quick visit to the original Mecca of the Carmel Salted Brownie was in order.  This way I could compare and contrast when I searched out the clone.All is quite well with the original.  We shared a Turkey & Brie sandwich, a Brie & Apricot tartine, and the obligatory Carmel Salted Brownie.  We both left quite content.I'll tell you about the Hyde Park clone soon......
5	Do not walk out of here without trying the salty caramel brownie!  All of the soups are good as well.  Prices make me consider dropping my rating to 4 stars...but the 24 hour convenience trumps prices in this case!
2	Am I alone in the world here? Amelie's is a beautiful, whimsical place, great for doing work or people watching. But the pastries are a flat C. I've been here four times since I've moved to Charlotte, and not once have I had anything that could even be described as "good." Not the eclairs, saltwater caramel brownies, macaroons, chocolate mousse, almond cakes--nothing. I'm sure there are way tastier (and less expensive) offerings around the QC. Don't get me wrong--it's really pretty in there. Like a girl's daydream after watching Amelie; and the only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 1/2. The treats (and I loooove treats) just aren't that great.
5	My first trip to Amelie's French Bakery in NoDa was wonderful!  We enjoyed a flourless chocolate cake that had a cheesecake consistency and was deliciously rich but not to heavy!  I also had a Chai Latte that was full of flavor and just perfectly sweetened!  The eccentric mix of furnishings, lighting fixtures and wall decorations add to the experience and the varied clientele offering 'people watching' at it's finest!  I would love to try some of the other offerings like the sandwiches and soups and definitely sample some of the other desserts and baked goods!  Great for a quick bite, a little laptop work or just dessert! Can't wait to go again!
5	There are so many reasons I love Amelie's. First of all of course the food is amazing!  They have a wide range of French pastries and the variety is mind boggling. There is definitely something for everyone.  My favorites being the palmier and the raspberry fruit tie. They also have incredible tarts, eclairs, petit fours, mini cakes or gateaux, brownies, macaroons, etc.  Then there are the savory treats.  They seem to be most proud of their soups like the spinach asparagus leek and sweet potato bisque.  While the soup is pretty great and my favorite thing on a rainy or cold day I am in love with the baguette and croissant sandwhiches.  You can get them with ham or jambon, eggs, spinach, tomato, or cheese or any combination.  My favorite cheeses being a tie between brie and gueyere.  There is some outside seating but the inside is a virtual modern french salon with very chic and creative decor.  Amelie's has more than one location now, but the orginal on North Davidson is my favorite and it's open TWENTY FOUR HOURS A DAY!  I havn't even gotten a chance to mention free Wi Fi, lavander infused sparkling lemonade, and flourless chocolate cake so you will have to just go yourself and make your own discoveries!
4	Absolutely loved this place. Yummy pastries, and a really cool space to just chill in (saw a couple people just sitting around playing board games, sipping on coffee and eating pastries). It's easy to see why it's so popular, and at least the line moved quickly when we were there. By far my favorite was the salted caramel brownie!!
4	Delicious for lunch and excellent for dessert.Atmosphere is unique. Lots of interesting maps, painting, chotchkies.Would suggest the salted carmel brownie to anyone.
5	I was out of hope looking for a nice bakery in Charlotte to get my pastry fix when I stumbled on this one in the Noda district. Walking through the door you're greeted with an eclectic decor that I the only way I might be able to describe would be chic french hipster.They have an interesting and varied selection of pastries and chocolates that were fun to look at and delicious as well! I went for lunch with a friend and she had the ginger rice soup, and I had the asparagus leek soup. I'm not a fan of ginger so her soup was ok, but the asparagus leek soup was excellent! Creamy and smooth it was a dream. We also split a croque monsieur and it was done perfectly. Greasy, a little crisp on the outside, with the mustard giving a nice kick to the sandwich.Now for the dessert portion we had a strawberry and chocolate croissant, salted caramel brownie, and creme brulee with a small french press. I feel like the strawberry and chocolate croissants could have used a little more filling but they were quite good. The salted caramel brownie I really needed more salt to cut through the creamy sugar of the caramel, but then again I tend to like my snacks a bit less sweet. The creme brulee was the winner of the dessert round. Nice and crisply caramelized top with a not too sweet center.Amelie's was a great find in the Noda area and offers free wifi, a nice place to relax, and a varied crowd with pastry choices for everyone. It's now on my list of places to visit frequently!
5	My return visit to Amelie's on a beautiful Sunday afternoon was wonderful! We ordered the Croque Monsieur and Chicken Salad sandwiches to go along with our Raspberry Lemon Tea and Lavender Lemonade and everything was delicious! The Lavender Lemonade was very tart and tea was perfectly flavored! The sandwiches were oh so good and just right for lunch! We enjoyed our meal on the patio and sampled the Fruit Tart and Salted Caramel Brownie for dessert and they were both perfect! The fruit was SO fresh and the pastry and filling were fantastic! I ordered the brownie based on other reviews and will definitely recommend it to others! Can't wait to return and try the soups one day and I almost got the quiche today, but that will have to wait until another trip as well! If you haven't tried Amelie's yet - what are you waiting for?!?!
5	Some things are so good that it's wise you keep it at arms length.  I'd have to say that Amelie's falls into that foodie category.  Between the pastries, eclectic crowd, creative decor and 24-hour access, I'm pretty sure I'd be a blimp if I lived in N. Davidson!  I'm visiting Charlotte this week and hanging with the TonyaP so I knew this place HAD to be good.  We popped in last night and there was a line snaking in front of the counter but not to worry, it moves quickly.  I stuck my head into the side room and was amazed at what I saw: antiqued furniture, high ceilings and lush fabrics.  Everything at Amelie's falls under creative, shabby chic!  Loved the overhead light piece shrouded by stainless steel cups, graters and other kitchen items.  My eyes immediately got drawn to the lit pastry case where my visual tummy was dazzled by the array of delectable sweets.  Pecan pie, fruit tarts, napoleons, eclairs and more, me wants it all!  I took it "easy" ordering up three items and everything was boxed up for us.  But if you know Tonya or myself, we are NOT gonna wait.  Plopped ourselves down on some stools and dug in.  That pecan pie was wonderful, full of nuts to counteract the rich, sweet filling.  And a great sweet crust that wasn't over-baked.  One of the best pecan pies I've had since it was more nutty than usual, I tried to hog it all up but shared a bite with my Yelp host.  I was buzzing with the sugar so I wisely held off on the peach tart and sea salt brownie until laters...  Seriously good baked goods, there's a lot of love and talent being placed into their product here.  Update: Finally ate the sea salt caramel brownie and it was UNBELIEVABLE!  What can I say but Amelie's rocked it out for me!  This bakery would do well in any urban center including San Francisco, call me impressed.  So Charlotte, enjoy Amelie's for everything it's got.  I for one am totally jealous that you've got this amazingly tempting bakery here.  Thankfully I'm 150 miles away, Amelie!  We'll have to have a long-distance relationship, girl...
5	I love this place! When you first walk in it has it's own scene about it. Antiques all around, random art, photos of France... It's just all around a cool place to be in. And the food? Oh man! Heavenly! I'm sure you've already read in other reviews, but the caramel salted brownie is a "must get" on the menu. The dining areas are just so artsy and mellow that you'll enjoy whatever you're eating even more. Definitely a place to go if you're ever near downtown Charlotte.
4	It's annoying how great this place is. Wish it was located in First Ward Uptown. There is one Uptown on S Tryon, but it's not 24 hrs.
2	Having heard so much about it, and being a complete sugar-head, I REALLY wanted to like this place. It's open 24 hours and the caramel salted brownie is quite good. But, after 3 visits, I have tried several pastries and cakes and they are just ok at best and at worst kind of tasteless and spongy/heavy. The desserts are chilled and for some of them it makes them worse for the wear-- such as anything that is supposed to be flaky. Cute decor does not make up for mediocre sweets. I have yet to try their lunch/breakfast offerings, so maybe this is what keeps other reviewers so enthused.
5	What's not to love about Amelies?  The food is great whether it's some soup and a sandwich on a damn good baguette or just some delicious, diet busting pastry. With its laid back ambience, Amelie's is one of my favorite remote work locations of all time. OK. It doesn't beat a laptop at the beach but it's also not 4 hours from my house!Only downsides of a work from Amelie's day are the slow wireless connection once the joint gets jumping and the $40 or so I drop on food while I'm there. You know how it is... French press and cinnamon raisin bun in the morning, roast beef sandwich and some asparagus leek soup for lunch, bunch of par-baked baguettes and tarts to take home... Small prices to pay for all I get in return.
5	I have a sweet tooth that doesn't really need satisfying all that often.  I just recently was turned on to this jewel of a bakery a few weeks ago.  Now, it's like a little voice in the back of my head if I'm out...."hmm....a little something sweet from Amelie's would hit the spot".  Never had anything there that didn't nearly make my eyes roll into the back of my head.  It's all good to me....seriously.  I've never been to the Uptown location so I can't compare but I love the eclectic nature of this joint.  Very cool and the vibe is just chill and laid back.  Fits me perfect.The whole NoDa area is great and this place compliments it very well.  In short, I have created an affair with Amelie's that is surely something sinful yet satisfying and one to last a very long time I can tell :)
5	One word: AWESOME!!!!
4	First time visited tonight. Great selections, great tasting. My reaction was  WOW!!!! Amazing.
5	Another visit another wonderful experience...late on a Wednesday night and there isn't a seat inside - always a great place to people watch, enjoy? some music and of course indulge in a wonderful dessert and drink.I nibbled on the fruit tart again this time and the berries and kiwi were just delicious!  I sipped on a Chai Latte - Amelie's has my all time favorite! - as well and both were wonderful!If you've never been - I promise you that you won't be disappointed and they are open 24 hours a day - what's your excuse?!?!
4	Tres bien! The napoleon is scrumptious! Their breakfasts are good too :) Cool place to hang out.
3	Have tried a lot of the pastries and most are great but I have found the service to be quite hit or miss. Sandwiches are tasty but small. Until I can find another option to get french macaroons, I'll keep going there.
5	Some Parisians disagree, I still LOVE this place! Whew, this is a great place to fall in LOVE!  Amour, Amour!  Open 24 hours a day!!!  Every Day!   Some say Shabby Chic, I say Eclectic Cool and very ROMANTIC!  Great place to take a date or Meet a date!  Today was my 8th Visit (I'm really counting!!! - No Joke).  We (four adults two children) had a: Honey Bun, Creme Brulee, Fruit Tart, Chocolate Layered Torte and a Salted Carmel Brownie... All were Fantastic!!!  Of these the only one I have had before was the Fruit Torte...  All of these choices I would repeat!!!  The Chocolate Layered Torte was my favorite!Service is always incredibly friendly, patient and Fantastic!  Great place to fall in LOVE, look like you are or eat like you are not or are!  I have experienced each here, some more than others, most more than others!
4	What is not to like about this place?  a cool place to hang out after a dinner or show.  Great eats and lovely coffee.  We got the salted caramel brownie and a couple macaroons and washed it all down with a latte.I want to try all their sweets.A cool dessert date spot.
5	Amelie's is so amazing.  I never get sad when I go there.  I love the convenience of it being open 24/7.  All of the staff is just great, even during the middle of the night.  My favorite thing there is the Roast Beef Croissant, I can never get enough of it!  It's one of those things that I ALWAYS get.  I also love the atmosphere in there, it's just so chill.  I think it would be crazy if there was someone out there that did not like this French Bakery.
3	This is a fairly average cafe overall.  The food offerings are slight and not meal-level, the pastries (that I've had) are unimpressive, the coffee is mediocre, the layout is spastic, the furnishings are uncomfortable, it is not particularly good for pleasant conversation or getting work done.   It is, however, open 24 hours everyday and that makes it a great destination after 11:00pm when all the other cafes in town have closed.  The service is good and the people working there are very friendly -- just as I would expect for such a friendly city.  It has great potential if they can upscale the tables and chairs to more practical and comfortable pieces, improve the lighting, decrease the background noises, and make the layout more attractive, functional, and cohesive.
5	I just..I mean how can I..well it's...Delicious!A jewel of a location in Charlotte.  I only had a day in Charlotte and I visited here twice...really.  I grabbed a quick croissant to go after hitting town from Raleigh.  After my first bite & then a post on Facebook that generated several comments...such as get the salted caramel brownie and many others I knew I would be stopping by on my way out of town.I did.  And had beautiful sugar shock during my drive back.Macaroons, fruit tarts, and that brownie...I tried a little of each and saved some for another day.Open 24 hours.  Really.
4	I've been longing for a place like Amelie's French Bakery. Strong wifi, perfect and cool temp, comfortable and cozy atmosphere, delicious and I mean DELICIOUS coffee and so many treats to choose from! And be still my heart it's open 24 HOURS! Do you know how rare that is here in Charlotte? I want to stress once more the coffee is the best! Even the dark roast is smooth and not overwhelming. I would have given it 5 star if coffee refills were not 99 cents. Should be 50 cents given the current state of the economy. Yes, I know the first one is free but I stand by what I say!
4	This bakery is 24 hours, and that is deserving of major brownie points. I think they also bake brownies. The breakfast offerings go beyond your standard muffin and croissants, and they have a very eclectic menu. I must say that I cannot imagine who would be willing to drive to this possible late-night eatery. There are bars about a mile down the road, but to drive here to have a drunken meal of muffins and bread is beyond me!I went with the mushroom duxelle tartine. I have not had too much MD in my day, so it was nice having something different than your standard biscuits and gravy in the South, though I assure you Amelie's could whip up a mean B&G.The open-faced fungus sandwich was awesome. The spread was rich and buttery and tasted exactly how roasted mushrooms should taste. The crusty warm bread on the bottom was the perfect canvas. Not much else can be said besides that the $4 tag is a great price to pay.Amelie's provides you with a wide selection of baked and cooked goods, so I recommend you go when in Charlotte looking for something unique and convenient.
5	Had a delish Strawberry Rhubarb tart there several weeks ago that I still dream about! Also, the salted caramal brownies are decadent. Love the Onion and Portobello Mushroom Soup! Little pricey but SO worth it! Artsy and unlike anywhere else!! One of my favorite finds since moving to Charlotte!!
4	Consistently one of my favorite destinations in CLT- unique!
4	A well-loved local hangout with a caring staff and great peoplewatching. Lots of pastry choices, as well as soups, salads, and sandwiches. (My only complaint was the mushroom soup was in an excruciatingly salty onion base. I was thirsty for the next 2 days.) Go see this place if only to see how a three-bay concrete space can be turned into a charming cafe with creative painting, silly but friendly wall decorations, and funky painted furniture. Open 24 hours!
5	One of my favorite places in Charlotte. Great for studying, relaxing, or hanging with friends. They have great food, great coffee, and great atmosphere. But the thing I like the best? They sell Sprecher sodas, which this Milwaukee girl didn't know she could get outside of Wisconsin. Plus, it's open 24 hours a day! What's not to love?!
4	One word: Delicious Two words: Great atmosphere My Two cents: Yummy in my tummy! Everyone should check out Amelie's Bakery located in NoDa. It's really more than a bakery and once you check it out you will understand why I say this. It's almost like hanging out at your cool (but eclectic) aunt's house who likes to whip up tarts, bear claws, breakfast sandwiches and more to tempt your tastebuds. I'm telling you about this place because you can treat it as an experience and swing by anytime to have an almost 9 1/2 weeks (remember that movie...HOT!) moment with a date or pick up treats for an everyday or special occasion. By now your mouth should be watering. Just remember these delicious items could be picked up at anytime since its open 24 hours a day (winning!!).
3	I was in Charlotte this past weekend, my friend took me here for dessert and I fell in love with this Parisian designed bakery. The decor of this place in a little bit romantic, a little bit eclectic and definitely fun (love the chandelier made out of mini pots/pans). I can't give it more stars because the desserts were hit & miss. I had 3 desserts, yes that's correct 3. The first was the best, a chocolate cup filled with passion fruit chocolate ganache: this was really good, smooth, loved the passion fruit flavor! The second was decent, a coconut macaroon: the outside was nice and crisp but the inside was not as soft as I'm accustomed to. The third dessert was a bit of a disappointment, it was an orange chiffon cake: the cake was quite dry, the frosting was too think for my taste. So I guess 2 out of 3 was not bad, so if next time I'm in Charlotte I'll have to try a few more.
5	This is so like my great & uncle's house (when they were alive, RIP).Full of charm & antique-ish wares!Busy, busy, busy...no matter when you go.  This is a favorite hang out spot for co-working, meetings, those "hey, I just left the club & I am drunk", "hey, I need to pick up some treats for a party"...& just plain, "I WANT DESSERTS!" 24/7 hours & you are in a win-win situation!  Also, if you're in the mood for soups & fancy sandwiches, you're in for a "treat", too.My favorite are the little berry tarts. MMMM!  I'm also a fan of their salted caramel brownies.  The coffee is STRONG, so beware! Oh such a great people watching place! :D  Go ahead & take your laptop / iPad / tablet device in with you & enjoy the free wi-fi!
4	This has recently became my number one place to do work outside of the office. Ample seating, open 24 hrs a day, decent coffee and good soup, these make for a good alternative work environment.They have tons of sweets, yet I don't think a single one of them is vegan so no good there. The bread you get along with your soup is animal friendly though :). The staff is all quite nice and they do well in the unique layout of the shop. Tons of space inside and out.Their coffee is not the greatest but it's decent and I wish they had more options for us picky animal lovers, but it's still a rather nice place.
5	What is there to say about Amelie's that you don't already know?  It's the perfect place for a carafe of french press, a few pastries and some good ol' fashion people watching.  Not to mention it's open 24 hours!Bring your computer or a book and spend some time in this magical cafe.    One of my favorite spots, hands down.
5	Not only does Amelie's have yummy food and desserts, but the atmosphere is absolutely amazing. It has become my ultimate work/hang out space, and I always feel inspired when I'm there.As far as the delicious sweets go, they have a little of everything for varying palettes. Something light and airy or something sweet and heavy. Regardless, it'll leave your mouth watering.If you're looking for something more savory, the roast beef on croissant is TO DIE FOR, and their soups are excellent, especially the french onion.This is most definitely a place to hit up as much as possible, even if just grabbing a drink (I love the orange cream soda) and sticking your nose into your laptop.
5	Amelie's may possibly be the perfect place. I have definitely lain awake at night dreaming of their turkey, brie, and cranberry compote baguette sandwich. And, as my first review said, I have also driven 20 minutes across town for a pecan sticky bun at all hours of the night. I consider it to be an accomplishment if I can drive past Amelie's without going in- an accomplishment I have not achieved very often. Everyone mentions the salted caramel brownie, and it is to die for. However, it's not my favorite- simply because I think it's impossible to pick a favorite. I dare you to eat an eclair without emitting uncontrollable sounds of happiness. The cream cheese muffins, filled croissants, and tartines have also padded my stomach a few times. The service is always quick and efficient, which is saying something considering how long the line always is. I am always well taken care of by efficient and courteous staff, that have personalities and don't just stare at the counter while they ring you up. If I lived closer, I would never leave.
3	Solid 3-stars. For a cynderblock bldg they've successfully French-a-fied it up inside so that no Grandma will be disappointed. The fresh raspberry tart with marshmallowy meringue was nice but not outstanding (the crust was tasty but tough) and the coffee good although the self service paper cups after we said we wanted our food for 'here' was jinky.  They only real downer was the 'roast beef and Manchego' croissant sandwich. That's all it was- meat, cheese, croissant and not much of it at that. If you're going to go to the effort of clearly stating you're using Manchego why not make a smoked paprika aioli? Or a drizzle of good Spanish olive oil and some cracked pepper? Lame but I'll visit the pastry case again.
4	Of course Amelie's can't go with out a review from a Charlotte denizen. But I won't sugar coat this either, pun so intended.Amelie's has some great sandwich and bread choices. I like to say that anything on a croissant can't disappoint. I tend to go for the teas because I'm not a coffee drinker so I can't attest to its quality. As for the sweets, I've not always been so happy with them. Some of the more outrageous ones with lots of extras attached are overdoing it in my opinion. And the expensive colorful truffles are not worth it. I guess that's why the case seems to always be full of them. Go for the breads or sandwiches and get the white tea.The atmosphere and layout along with all the kitschy vintage furniture that looks like it could've come out of anywhere from your grandma's storage shed to Rococo era France is great for mood setting. Then there's the courtyard in the back with all the trees and the skylights. This place is always moving, always has people and is always surprisingly quite relaxed 24/7.
5	Best bakery, very awesome atmosphere.
5	My god! The only thing bad about this place is how popular it is at all hours. I tell everyone visiting Charlotte to stop by here. ALL of their food is delicious, the pastries, the mushroom and leek soup, the baguettes, the chocolate, everything. I love the atmosphere, the furniture, the people watching, and the decorations. This place is seriously Stumptown Coffee Roasters for baked goods. Without any reservations, I call this the gem of the Queen City. It's always fucking open!
5	I do not know where to begin to tell you how much I enjoyed every taste and morsel I had when I stopped by on Saturday. My husband, and I went to Charlotte from DC to visit my my husband's brother and his wife. They made a stop at your lovely bakery and I didn't know where to start as I was viewing the case... let alone where to stop when choosing what I wanted. I started off with every flavor of macaroon, followed by the petit gauteau (which was heavenly), then the salted caramel brownie (which was to die for)... followed by a longer list of items. Needless to say, when we brought everything home. I was definitely not disappointed and cannot wait to get back to Charlotte to make another stop at Amelie's.
3	The baked goods are very goodbye the attitude of the employees leaves something to be desired. The last time I was in there I asked a young lady what flavor cakes were in the case (there were no signs) she actually rolled her eyes at me. I don't plan to go back anytime soon, its just not worth it.  Btw the way I was a somewhat frequent visitor and rarely were the employees gracious, most of the time I felt like a bother.
5	Thank God for this place. My wife and I moved to Charlotte from Chicago and sorely miss the awesome late-night bakery scene - taking a visit to Amelie's most certainly helps!  Their coffee is excellent, sourced from a roaster spun-off from Dilworth Coffee and prepared masterfully by their baristas.  I've had their drip and their European Latte, both of which were superb.  Their bakery offerings are top-notch as well.  We have had a number of their goodies, but none stand out as much as the macaroons - those things are outstanding!  I recommend the Pistachio and Cinnamon-Chocolatey ones above the rest.  The sitting area is large, uniquely decorated, and inviting.  Despite massive crowds, I have never had issues finding a place to set up shop (a word to the wise - around back you can take advantage of seating in the shared atrium, which is key when they are busy).
4	Love Amelies! This is a must-see for any of my family or friends that come into town. Not only for the treats but during the fall, they have some of the best soups around. And lately, I've been a sucker for soups. On my first trip, I did the have the famed salty brownie, but I probably had too much excitement built up because I just didn't "get it". But, nonetheless, I encourage you to venture out and try a variety of things on the menu. It's a 24 hour party in your mouth!
5	I was ready to give this place a raving 5 star review before I even ordered a drink!  Only a week ago I was bemoaning the dearth of true cafe's in Charlotte.  There are a few cool ones here and there, but none of them seem to be open past even 9pm!  24 hours is superb!  (already used up my lifetime quota of 3 exclamation points and I don't care!)I had just eaten when I arrived, so I didn't sample any of the delectable desserts, but they all looked superb.  The price for a coffee was totally reasonable and comes with one free refill.  All the creamers and condiments you could desire are there for you as well.  I had a "sipping chocolate" which was quite good and satisfied my multi-year cravings for a (evil) Starbucks Chantico which they discontinued (eviler).There is plenty of seating, which is crucial since the place is pretty busy.  The design is very eclectic - you'll see if you haven't been there before.  I'm really excited to have found this place and will definitely be back very soon.
4	I had a creamy goodness overdose! I visited from out of town and my friends really hyped this place up. I was a bit skeptical but they lived up to the hype and then some. I'd have never heard of a 24hr bakery but after trying a few items I understand why. I typically want a greasy burger after a 2am bar night but this place wold give a greasy burger a run for my money. we went all out and spend $70 on creamy goodness. I personally tried about 5 different mini-tarts, a napoleon, a salted brownie (sounded gross but tasted great) and some Tiramisu Creme Brule. This place but 3 pounds on me over the weekend. This place is serious business! Bring your taste buds and leave your diet at home.
3	After hearing so many rave reviews about Amelie's I figured it was time to experience the bakery first-hand to see if I would be singing its praises like everyone else.How do I rate it? Good but way over-hyped.The building itself, however, is pretty cool. The outside of it is fairly inconspicuous, but as soon as you cross through the threshold, you enter a whole different atmosphere. The inside resembles an old Victorian house with seating throughout. Though I was impressed by its uniqueness, I can't say that I felt relaxed there; I wouldn't spend hours at Amelie's as I would at other coffee shops. The food was OK. I kept it fairly simple with an ice tea and a turnover--nothing too crazy or special, for that matter. The service is friendly and quick, but to the Amelie's staff, I implore you---please, please, please don't call me ma'am. Especially three times during a 30-second period of taking my order. Maybe it's a Southern thing, but to us Northerners, it makes us feel old!
2	We've been to Amelie's several times because my teenaged daughter and her friends seem to like the place. My one simple request (an almond croissant) was not an available menu item. *pout* They did offer a substitute (the chocolate croissant for $3) which I tried. It saddens me to say how awful it was: the bottom was soggy (too much butter I'm guessing) and it was not at all flaky as a good croissant should be.I should have just said "no" as I rarely eat chocolate and I don't enjoy it in/on baked goods at all.Honestly, I've gotten almond croissants from the Super Target in Kannapolis that put Amelie's chocolate croissant to shame.As others have mentioned, the decor is cool. I also like that it's open 24 hours, if that helps anyone.
5	This place is. It. Best atmosphere you could ask for, best food you could ask for, and the staff is amazing too. Close to the city, and it's open 24/7. I mean come on. Their prices are kinda high, but you definitely get your moneys worth in my opinion. Parking can also be an issue, as their parking lot isn't huge and it's shared with multiple businesses. So in the evenings and ESP. on the weekends you'll probably have to circle the lot a few times. Always a cool crowd, and the seating is super casual. You can come here for dinner, desert after a night out, or to study homework. The dress-code is nonexistant. You'll be sitting across for someone in sweats, and next to someone in a suit.
4	I'll keep it simple. I've tried many of the desserts, soups and sandwiches. They are superb!I don't frequent Amelie's as often as I should. Whether it's desert for a dinner, something to spoil yourself or an unctuous soup to curl up with on a cold day - there is something waiting for you.
2	maybe the pastries are good but the service is shit, the coffee sucks and the service is shit. and its in the middle of nowhere.
4	We had Thanksgiving Dinner here... on purpose.  We were passing through and thought it would be nice to have something different and local.  I like the food. Not bad at all.  The desserts were really great and we had lots of choices.  The prices were high. But it is a locally owned spot and I am more willing to pay slightly higher to support local business.  I felt rushed when placing my order. I had no idea what i wanted and needed time to check it out.  I didnt even see the vegetarian option they had which is what i would have totally preferred.  I will go back if ever in Charlotte again. I know what to get now.
5	Without a doubt my favorite coffee shop in Charlotte, even if they do not have the best coffee. The place is huge with plenty of seating be it tables, sofas or awesome air chairs. They also usually have great music playing which earns extra points in my heart. When I go I always get the french press because I have gone a few times in the past where the drip coffee had been cold, so annoying. The pastry selection is overwhelming in a good way because everything seems to be good, at least from what I have had with the macaroons being my favorite. They also serve real food, the soups are great as are the sandwiches. On the weekends they serve quiche which is among some of the best I have eaten.
5	This is a really great bakery!  Although their assortment is not huge, the quality and freshness more than makes up for it!  They have an excellent atmosphere too!  The bakery is very inviting and is a great place to hang out.  Just be prepared to fight the crowds.  When went, I lucked out.  I got there just after they had finished serving a huge wave of people.  After I found a place to sit, I went back in for a napkin and saw there a line had formed going out the door.  I am sure I will be going back here!
4	+2 stars for helpful service, friendly staff. They all have a very comfy level of helping - not too much, nor too little.+4 stars for salted caramel brownies and tartine open-faced baguette with spreads alone. I'm sure all the other stuff is good as well.
2	I came here with some friends for breakfast because I heard good things about the place.I ordered the pecan sticky bun, because it looked delicious.  It tasted, however, terrible.  It was hard like a rock, not like a sticky bun ought to be.  I had to ask for another one, and the lady realized all the other buns were hard too, so she had to take it back to microwave it to soften it.  Didn't help too much.The chocolate croissant tasted like chocolate bread.  NOT a croissant.  Bread.The apple turnover was decent - it had some crispy texture to it with an ok filling.  McDonald's makes better apple pies.The twice baked croissant with almonds was pretty good - probably the best thing I tried that morning.  Salted caramel brownie was very dense.  It had good flavor, but there's no way I could eat an entire thing, or even half of one, in one sitting.  Maybe I just don't get the salted caramel craze.At least the coffee was pretty good.  And you get a free refill.  A little bit of redemption there.I'm just not sure why this place has such great ratings.  Some may say decor, environment, convenience of it being 24 hours, etc.  But if the food is no good, why should any of that other stuff matter?  Just go to Waffle House.  It's cheaper there.
4	best baguettes I've found in a long time, i stock up for the week.not a big sweets eater, but my favorites is the blueberry cream cheese danish - them blueberries are huge and just pop in your mouth! not too sweet.and the apple caramel three layered torte - oh....sooo yummy, and again not too sweet.ordering their cakes is highly recommended for your next event.overall, it's a "bit" pricey but it's worth it to me because i keep going back.  i love the ambience, very ecclectic and gives you that french-cafe feel, or even a So-Ho feel.  great place to meet up with friends or start a day/evening out.
5	Beautiful meringue tarts.
5	24 hour coffee and French bakery. Why don't they have these everywhere? I love it.The soy lattes are amazing, as are the pastries. I only visited twice a day while I was in Charlotte but I wish it could have been more. The bread pudding is great with coffee at 5 am.Sure, the place is filled with hipsters but that is NoDa. Come at a quiet hour, like 4 or 5 in the morning, and enjoy great coffee and hip surroundings.
5	I adore this place! During my weekend visit to Charlotte a friend and I stopped here for coffee, which was amazing. We didn't try the food, so I can't comment on that. The atmosphere was great and the employees were super helpful. Plus, they're open 24 hours? Genius! Wish they had a place like this in DC!
3	The desserts are decent but a bit overpriced at times and the coffee is kind of bitter. It's a good place to hang out with free wi-fi but it is always busy and a bit noisy.
5	My new favorite place!!!!! The decor is great and atmosphere really transports you when you arrive.  The food and treats really shine here.  I only had a 10min spot to explore, but I grabbed a chicken salad sandwich and french press from the coffee bar.  The sandwich stood little chance... it probably only lasted about 1 minute before I stuffed it into my face and enjoyed the deliciousness.The dark roast french press was exactly what I needed right before a 3hr night class downtown.We had a family friend give us a box of Amelie's treats (filled with macaroons and salted caramel brownies).  Talk about sugar overload!  Butt the treats are all worth the sugar crash later.  If I had it my way, I would relocate my house... heck I would camp outside if (like they would let me.....) to have Amelie's every day.
5	We went here for the first time last weekend.  I had the dark chocolate, cherry bread pudding.  It was amazing.  The atmosphere is great too.
5	This is my absolute favorite place to go to in Charlotte! The best desserts I've had since visiting Paris and really brings me back to authentic french food at a extremely affordable price. Some of my favorites include the salted caramel brownie, fruit tart, and twice baked croissant. Pretty much everything there is good, you can't go wrong with trying something new each time! Also, the food food is also quite delish! I always have their soups because they are immaculate.The chicken salad croissant is my favorite sandwich there, but the others I've tried are great as well!Not only is the food good, the atmosphere is what gives Amelie's the whole package. Their eccentric and random decor really creates that vintage and artsy feel. The people I see each time I'm there ranges from hipsters to families to businessmen. One of the best perks of the place is that it's open 24/7! No matter what time of the day you are craving a good dessert or sandwich, you can count on Amelie's to be open!
4	A place to chill with your lap top and a really fattening pastry!Bring a book, a lap top or some friends and get in line, this place is a french bakery with a maze of tables, sitting areas, and nooks for those looking to coffee, scone, sandwich and work, talk or chill.I think the decor goes a bit over board in some areas...  crosses the fine line between shabby chic and TGIF in a few spots, but over all - very cute and inspired.the concept is great and the pastry is amazing! The coffee is good as well. I prefer the french press to the drip.My faves were the sticky bun and the macaroons.. and the turkey and brie sandwich.It can get really busy and because people linger for a long time.. sometimes it's hard to get a table, but once you are settled, it is a great alternative to a starbucks or a library for those times when you don't feel like working from home.
5	Went for my first time this morning for breakfast and my mind was blown.  I made my own breakfast croissant and it was made to perfection.  These croissants  are amazing and all of the ingredients were fresh.  I couldn't even carry on a conversation because all I could say is...oh my god...this is so fucking good!Not to mention, the decor of this place-we aint in starbucks anymore...I will absolutely be frequenting this amazing establishment (especially to indulge a late night sweet tooth...)
5	I practically LIVE here! Amelie's space is masked with eclectic decor, yielding a very casual and relaxed environment. There is a second location in uptown Charlotte, but replicating the same vibe is just impossible! Throughout college, I spent most of my time in the back atrium, utilizing their free wi-fi and working on various projects. Yes, I was a moocher! The best part is that the staff will serve you both inside the bakery and in the atrium!The first thing you see when you come in is their vast selection of DESSERTS!!! I tell myself that I will try something new every time I come here, but I always revert to the Napoleon or Salted Caramel Brownie. They're just oh so yummyyy! The food is just as delicious. I recommend trying one of their soups of the day. None of them have failed me.
5	Who cannot love Amelie's? Walk in to one of the most relaxing spaces in Charlotte and you will find yourself among a sea of folks just like me. Any time of day, or night, Amelie's has a showcase of mouth watering pastries, savory soups and sandwiches, salads, pastries, artisan breads, pastries and an array of teas and coffees. Did I mention the pastries? Grab your laptop, bring a friend, grab a snack and walk back into any one of the eclectically decorated rooms. Stay as long as you like; Amelie's is open 24/7.
3	The best thing about this place is that it's 24/7. The baked goods and coffee are definitely good, but honestly, I feel like this place is a bit overrated. It's got a cool vibe, but I'm really not sure if I would come here so often if it wasn't for the fact that it's open when nothing else is. Perhaps I'm just cynical.At times, I feel like the place is a bit too casual. One of the employees argued with my girlfriend about whether she had ordered a tall or a short drink once, and started comparing receipts. Fix the drink and then get into the technicalities, eh?
5	Amelie's sparkling reviews already speak for itself; I'm just another admirer who wishes to throw stars at their already spectacular everything.Their tarts are filled with flavor and the caramel brownie is worth every single calorie.  The sassy attitude of Amelie's decor adds just the right amount of 'umph' to the place.  Way to go!
5	Went around 9pm, service was great, parking was a bit of a chore, but was a great find as I got lost while driving and decided to stop to eat.
3	If you are looking for a wide variety of sweet treats and a large french press full of coffee then Amelie's is a good choice. If, however, you are looking for a seat actually inside the establishment and internet that actually works I suggest you look elsewhere.See the thing is, Amelie's is a great concept, a 24 hour bakery/coffee shop/food spot, and they execute pretty well, so naturally they are always mobbed. The sheer magnitude of patrons cripples the net. Also, can someone please tell me why there is always some guy at a packed coffee house who thinks everyone needs to hear him play the same progression on his acoustic guitar 40 times, because I don't understand it, but Amelie's sure has one.On the plus side, if you get stuck out in the atrium of the strip center where they have extra seating the friendly Amelieans will still bring you your food as if you were actually inside the bakery. I suggest just popping by, however, to pick up a dozen or three salted caramel brownies. Then you can take them elsewhere and eat them all in privacy while surfing the interwebs...that sounds healthy, right?
4	A 24 hour bakery, who could ask for anything more?  I finally went, and got one of almost everything...lol.  The desserts are great, the croissants were amazing better than I thought they would be.  So I enjoyed the food and the pastries very much, and the tea as well.  I wasn't impressed with the staff, not friendly at all was more into what they had going on then helping the customers.  It was plenty of staff, just not so nice attitudes, I'm trying to figure out if the food is worth going back for?
4	I love there desserts. Its a indulgence you should have one in a while.
5	I regret not trying every pastry they offered. I just didn't have enough time. I ate here 5 times at least in 2 weeks. They were so yummy no matter what time we arrived. Man I regret not trying every chocolate and pastry they offered.
5	Do yourself a flavor and have one of Amelie's Breakfast Croissants! I gave into the bacon, egg, and cheese croissant last night & it was divine! SO GOOD, it made me want to slap my momma, smoke a cigarette, and speak French! Oui Oui! Vive Le Amelie's French Bakery!
3	I would always take friends here when they visit me in Charlotte and I would recommend the fruit tarts. They're pretty much the most delicious things in that bakery. I'd also recommend coming here late at night after clubbing downtown because it's open 24hrs. I definitely stopped by at around 1 or 2am and they still had a decent selection of sweets, food, and drinks available. Some of the other stuff are really sweet for me, though, and it's a bit overpriced, but I would say this is a good place to come to.
4	Amelie's is a very unique bakery located in the NoDa area although somewhat south of the heart of NoDa (on 28th vs 36th).  There is ample parking typically.  The staff at NoDa are always very friendly.  There are lots of great bakery treats and I enjoy the brewed coffee.  WiFi normally works well.  This place can get busy with a line at the counter, and sometimes it can be hard to find a seat.  Speaking of seating, this place is definitely not your typical Starbucks or Coffee Bean.  Furniture is all what I'd describe as "Old World" style with lots of couches, one or two large tables, and several small tables.  Amelie's is designed more for socializing with others than it is for entrenching with a laptop but you will find both there.  One of my favorite features is that they are open 24 hours!My only potential gripe is that occasionally the place can exude a little bit of a less than clean feel.  This is more the effect of the decor than anything, and food preparation has always been of a high standard.  I highly recommend everyone give Amelie's a try!
4	So, so busy at all hours... It's hard to relax and enjoy the atmosphere with all the people crowding around.  Good food and decent coffee, though.
5	Open twenty four hours and to top it off fresh baked goods? I'm sold...I love this place..they have this butternut squash spaghetti and it yells awesomeeeeee! Mellow and low key my type of place.
2	Cool place. Good food. Really bad service.  We've been here 6 - 8 times, and we've never experienced even decent service.  We keep going back, because we really like the atmosphere and the food - but I think we're done giving it more chances.  The employees behind the counter all seem completely miserable to be working there, and attitudes towards customers reflect that.  During our most recent visit, I walked out after standing and waiting at the drink counter for 5 minutes for a drink refill ... and there were 2 people working this area with no other customers.  They were just completely oblivious.
4	I was so excited to finally go to the famed Amelie's (in NoDa) today with a few friends. When we first pulled up, I noticed that the parking lot was absolutely PACKED, which usually says good things. The decor of Amelie's is quite eclectic, just as the customers are. It marks itself as a French bakery and the art decorating the walls follows that theme. Honestly, it's a gorgeous place. It has a surprisingly large interior with different rooms that are all equipped with extensive seating and tables, as well as two free wi-fi networks. A lot of people were hanging around doing work on MacBooks and eating baked goods. All in all, it appears to be a really funky, awesome place to hang out if you can find a seat.For the food, I tried the vanilla Creme Brulee ($4.99) and purchased the "award-winning" Salted Caramel Brownie ($1.79) for later. First of all, I was amazed at the speed of the guy working the counter/register when there was literally 15 people in line being quite loud. Secondly, the Creme Brulee wasn't as great as I hoped it would be. Something about the taste of it wasn't what I was used to. Regardless, it was still pretty decent. I've yet to try to the brownie, but according to the people beside me in line, it is one of the best things available at Amelie's and well worth the two bucks. My friends both tried different large chocolate creations that tasted about the same, but were both quite delicious (this coming from somebody who isn't a chocolate fan). The prices at Amelie's are pretty high, but the environment is worth it. My friends and I all enjoyed what we ordered and agreed it was worth the price. Thanks Amelie's for a great experience!
4	After our dinner at Cabo, bf and I decided to get something sweet. This was our first time trying Amelie's and were not disappointed.  We shared a peach tart and a Yelp favorite- salted caramel brownie. It is very sad ( in a good way) that we were wanting more of these very tasty and addictive treats. Lol. We had some restraint, but will definitely be making more trips to Amelie's.
2	I want to love Amelie's I really, really do. On the whole they are trying very hard but when you consider the $ they just fall so short. Let's consider- 24.00 for a soda, cup of soup, brownie, tart, sandwich and lemonade. Boylan soda out of a bottle, 2.15 so no big deal. The soup was Spicy Thai, easy on both points but more meh for 3.99. Salted caramel brownie was ok.  Turkey and brie the merest of both drowned in 'seasonal fruit compote' which was raspberry so sour it was all you could taste, the bread IS delicious. French Lavender Soda- mmmnope, just carbonated water with a splash of lemonade, again very sour and definately no lavender and 3.49. Meh. My final complaint is that even though the counter lady was nice she did not have a clue what 'apricot' is and pulled tart after tart after tart out- No, that's apple, No that's pear, No that's almond...I finally gave up. Apple tart it was. Again, just ok but a king's ransom at 4.59!!!! I certainly hope the owner reads these reviews and takes them to heart because she seemed on the ball as she served in the dining room very aware of customers reactions. She seems sweet and earnest and is just so close to being on target. Honestly, I will go back but the cost is just a tad out of line with what's delivered.
4	Open 24 hrs!Love all the pasteries and breads. My favorites: Lemon curd raspberry tart, french style macaroons, and their the eclairs.  the only thing they get wrong is the cofee.  As you get older and your tastebuds start to die like the rest of you, you need a really good cup of cofee. There cofee and espresso is week and they have no decaf espresso. If that changes it would definately merrit 5 stars!
5	the truth is in the soup. the pastries are AMAZING but the soup, though? the SOUP!?! the Spinach Asparagus Leek is my all time fave, I order that every time I catch it on the menu. and the tomato is delicious from a bowl or a glass (bloody mary anyone?) This is one of the best spots in CLT no matter what time it is. So go... and bring me back some soup?
5	There's food here I haven't seen since I went to France!  Awesome.  Legit.
5	3 Haikus about how much I love Amelie's:1)The bread, the pastriesOh Amelie's Bakeryso much yummy food2) I wish you were inChapel Hill.  I'd visit youall the time because...3)Your ambience isquirky and your food...your foodis quite amazing!
3	The two employees we dealt with were surly.  My chocolate croissant was kind of dry.  My partners Croque Monsier was delicious as was our French Lavender Lemonade.  We would go back, but I definitely think a refresher of customer service is in order (old lady at register, and younger chick with braids running food I'm looking at you..)
5	What a cute place! Loved my visit there! You may have to endure a wait but it's worth it. The pastries we ordered were the carmel brownies, the fruit turnover and the fruit pecan pie tarts. I didn't get to eat the turnover, my SO ate that one so I can't comment. I had a bite of these cute little fruit pecan pie tarts and I wanted more. Too bad my SO ate the whole thing. So I got back up and went back in line, only to find out they had sold out!! :( I got the pecan pie tarts instead. They were just as tasty. I didn't like the caramel brownies as much. Maybe a bit too sweet and sticks to my teeth. But it is a prize winner, so you have to try for yourself! We also tried the pate sandwich in french bread and the turkey club sandwich in croissant. Both sandwiches were good but I preferred the pate. And if given the choice I would probably just eat all the tarts and skip the sandwiches. Coffee was good and a must have if you are eating the caramel brownies! :) We enjoyed the unique decor and just being able to sit there and enjoy each other's company in this cute little store.
5	YES! YES!! YES!!! This is one of my favorite late night sweet tooth places in Charlotte. And it is open 24/7. (NODA location) The decor is cute with lots of vintage looking things and cozy couches. Me and my friends always seem to go when there is a long line. If you are a patient person, the WAIT is WORTH IT!! It can get a little pricey just for desserts and sweets, but you just cannot pick just one dessert when you go here.The favs thus far: Honey Bun, Eclairs, Pecan Pie Tarts, Salted Carmel Brownies, Croissants, Mini Tarts, Lemon Tea Cakes
5	What a great bakery and coffee shop that stays open 24 X 7.Went here for the first time after seeing a show at the Evening Muse.There is a theater next door and the performance had just finished so the place was packed at 11p on a Sunday nite.I had the Creme Broulee which was excellent. They also roast their own coffee beans and the dark roast was exceptionally good.I like that it's so large and has so many tables and great if you have a group of people.
1	The food quality is outstanding, but the service last Sunday around 2pm was some of the worst customer service I have ever had. I ordered two coffee drinks and was treated like an idiot because I didn't know that a "standard shot" is actually two shots of espresso. I ordered one drink with an added shot. She corrected me telling me that drink is called something different when served in a cup vs mug, and when I received the drink from the barrista, she called it something different entirely!  Who knew coffee could be so complicated?! The person at the counter spoke down to me, then went to chat with her coworkers while I waited. The drinks were not started until after they finished chatting. I asked for clarification on how many shots I was getting and she just did not do a good job explaining and made me feel like a moron. I hope they correct this problem, because I really want to keep going there.
4	The best hang out spot in NODA and North East Charlotte. So authentic, and cute as a button. Good simple food, delicious pastries. Love the fact that its 24hrs/7days a week. The only reason why I did not give it a full 5 stars- Is because it gets crazy CROWDED. Sometimes there are no seats, and there are times where the internet server has so many users all at once, that you get a poor signal, and computer move slower then my Grand Ma Nancy (Bless her soul). But then again, All good things are worth waiting for! So Amelie's is doing something right to attracted such a big crowds. *Two hands in the air and a butt pop for Amelies*
4	delicious. so glad to find such a treasure.
5	Everything about this place is awesome. Love the sweets, coffee, and tea. The atmosphere is so awesome. Virtually everything available is great, even the food. Zero complaints.
5	The Neopolitan - simply phenomenal. A little surprised at the toughness of the top layer. Breaking through with a fork resulted in largely collapsing the structure, expelling the filling out all sides. The top layer is really the key to the flavor profile, but the filling provides a textural element that enhances the overall experience by contrasting with the crunch of the pastry.Also had the salty caramel brownie.  It was quite good.  The caramel had a soft texture
4	6/8/12All that we tried from here were simply terrific!  If our next visit is just as great as our first, I'm sure I wouldn't have a problem bumping my rating up to five stars.  :)  So, why not give five stars outright?  I'd have to say it was due to my slight disappointment in the atmosphere...We came in and were immediately greeted by the cashier at the counter, which was situated right in front of the entrance and to the right of the pastry display cases.  The coffee preparation area is behind and to the right of the cashier.  All of this served to show just how busy the staff members were: the pastry chefs working in the back, who would come out to deliver fresh-baked goodies and refill the cases, the cashier taking orders at the counter, a couple of people manning the coffee area (preparing espressos, lattes, mochas, and French presses, just to name a few), and a few more going in and out of the kitchen preparing sandwiches and other items.  This gave the place a bistro feel.  I suppose I was expecting a little more laid-back and romantic cafe, with an in-house bakery in the back- I quickly got over it.  Amelie's is a patisserie with a cafe attached to it.  We sat ourselves at the set of love seat, chairs, and coffee table across from the cashier and the bakery's entrance, so for the most part of our meal, my views of the pastry cases and the rest of the cafe were blocked by lines of people ordering and paying at the cashier-- not conducive to a relaxing breakfast/brunch.  I kept wishing there was a wood panel screen between our table and the traffic of people to give us some privacy.  Since Mom and sis had no idea of what to order, I decided to start us out with some coffee and chocolate croissants.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gG9z6zr_49LocyCTvSFg0w?select=HDYOAV5vs4XcZ6w78MUhJA#HDYOAV5vs4XcZ6w78MUhJA  Everyone wanted coffee, including me, but I also wanted to try AFB's mocha, so I ordered a large French press (serves 3 or 4) and a mocha latte.  I expected traditional style croissants, so AFB's slightly disappointed me presentation-wise, but as long as the pastries taste delicious, I don't mind, and these croissants were terrific, and they also kept well for the next two days through our vacay in FL.  Among the boxed pastries we took to go http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gG9z6zr_49LocyCTvSFg0w?select=9vjplh1WbJP09ORFska_Yw#9vjplh1WbJP09ORFska_Yw, I really loved the eclairs, which also kept well.  I thoroughly enjoyed the bite through the outer bread layers to find the chocolate filling; It was amazingly creamy and light, yet not fluffy (I don't do fluffy), and the eclairs stayed fresh through numerous times of refrigeration and thaws.  My sis enjoyed her bites of one salted caramel brownie, but interestingly enough, didn't eat the rest of it, nor touch the second one.  They seemed very rich...  I also enjoyed the Napoleon's crunch and buttercream-textured custard filling, but for fear of clogged arteries, I think I'll stay away from now on.  :)As for the savory selections, sister and Mom absolutely LOVED the chicken salad sandwich!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gG9z6zr_49LocyCTvSFg0w?select=TF7ywxMfFxd18pZlDheguw#TF7ywxMfFxd18pZlDheguw  Mom and  I really enjoyed the ham and gruyere tartine-- I loved the crunch of the toasted baguette and thought the saltiness of the cheese and ham paired well with the sweet-goodness of my mocha and croissant.Yes, we've all decided to make AFB our first stop from the airport on our trips back to the Queen City!p.s.  Amelie's is open 24/7!
3	Love all the comfy furniture, but it is often crowded and hard to find two seats together. Coffee is good. Pastries are OK. Greatest asset is safe, all-night access. Not many places in Charlotte welcome customers after midnight.
4	A better-than-average bakery with wonderfully unusual atmosphere.The pastries here are tasty- their eclairs are fruit tarts are especially delicious.  These are a nice snack, but nothing there is going to win any awards.It's a great place to meet with friends and have some tasty treats.
5	The ONLY place in Charlotte to get a decent French pastry--seriously!! Chocolate eclairs (chocolate and vanilla custard options) are phenomenal.  Salted caramel brownie--you will not want to share it!  Great ambience with plenty of cute little seating areas to study or just hang with your buds.  This is a place not to be missed.  Haven't had serious food there yet, but I hear that is great too. Huge selection so you will need to stop back several times to try everything in the case.
5	It wasn't until I had something I disliked at Amelie's that I was prompted to write a review. There are probably millions of Amelie's raving fans out there. I have been gorging to this 24/7 gem since 2009 and I love giving new friends their first "Amelie's experience."I went a few days and witnessed- the first "sale" item I had ever seen there- BOGO raspberry cream puffs. Of course I had to try this. I have tried most the menu here and this was the first time I was ever disappointed. Amelie's is quality and fresh ingredients-  consistently.You must try the salted caramel brownie - that goes without saying. Their soup is divine as are their sandwiches both breakfast and their more lunch/dinner options. This place oddly enough is the calmest during the day and morning. Around 7pm this is when the line goes out the door to past 2am. Three years of eating here and I just witnessed their first misstep. If I ever move from Charlotte I will dream every night about Amelie's and it would be my first stop on every trip back.
4	I want to love Amelie's. I'm a baker and lover of all things artsy and weird. But to me, that fifth star just isn't there.  Let me explain my conundrum...The concept of a French bakery in Charlotte makes me swoon. Heck, the concept of any kind of bakery not inside a grocery store is a great. I have a long-standing affair with Parisian pastries and flaky breads. Caramel salted brownies? You guys go ahead...I'm going to hang around.The atmosphere is kitschy in a way that works. Incredibly odd light fixtures. Doorways in random places, a framed mirror that wraps around the corner, and a menagerie of random chairs and tables, like a home show for the Island of Misfit Toys.And, open 24 hours. In Charlotte. No further details needed.But, it is crowded. Very, crowded. With so few other options for the people still awake at 3am, the lines are always long. It's rare to find a table in the cafe-proper (better luck in the atrium common area behind their spot). And, (this is me being picky), there usually seem to be a few too many high schoolers who are just so cool and trendy it hurts (no, it really does hurt...my eyes can't take that much skinny jeans and awful plaid...but I digress). In my opinion, they are a bit pricey, too. Yes, they make great food. But $1.50 or $2 for something that is barely one bite? Amelie, I think we will have to continue our love-hate courtship. Let's just not assign a label and see where it goes.
4	They should call their salted caramel brownie CRACK!Overheard while I was in line-Server 1 hands server 2 a boxServer 2: gracias!Server 1: you should probably say thank you in French since we work in a French bakery.Server 2: oh, how do you say thank you in french?Server 1: hmmmmmmm. Merci I think.Nothing about Amelie's is French BUT their petite fours & salted caramel brownies are aaamazinggggg!!!
4	The caramel hot chocolate still remains my favorite but it sucks that these guys don't have any milk options other than whole or soy.Desserts are good, Salted caramel brownies are TO DIE FOR! These two things would win 5 stars from me, and enough good desserts for my boyfriend's big sweet tooth.Chai is mediocre, I always run to Smelly Cat or Central Coffee for that, and I struck off one star after I got bad service from a server on Christmas eve. Maybe he was in a bad mood because he had to work that night, but that doesn't mean you mumble when you tell me about the flavors of the bite sized desserts (just label them and make things easier) and when I ask you again, you yell at me.
4	A very unique place, the best part is that they are open all the time.  They have some very interesting chandeliers and paintings.  Good variety of pastries as well as their cheese flavors that they have.  The coffee is kickass here, over all a very good place to hang out.  It has mixed crowds and perfect location in NODA.  I do plan to visit it more often on my trips to Charlotte.
4	Let me note, the ONLY reason I'm not giving Amelie's five stars is there always been a crazy long wait each time I've gone. That is a good sign, but I wish they would address this and find a way to get customers thru the line quicker. That said, the caramel salted brownies are AMAZING!!! I could drive down from Winston-Salem just for those! I have tried other items there as well, the most recent being a raspberry peach torte. Delicious! The coffee options are divine as well.The facility is rambling, with quite the eclectic decor and it is one of the 'places' to be seen in NODA. It is open 24/7 and has quite a following now. I would suggest this place to anyone who is in Charlotte and wants a quick baked goods/coffee fix! Just remember about the wait...
3	Who knew there were hipsters in the south? My favorite part of Amelie's is the decor; with all the  vintage/industrial furniture and dark woods, it's someplace I could spend a few hours studying, sipping coffee, and eating pastries.In my opinion, Amelie's best baked goods are the croissant (and any variation of) and baguette. The blueberry and apple tart were disappointing, too sour and the crust didn't have much flavor at all. I'll be back to try some of the other goods, but for now I give Amelie's a 'Meh'.
2	Let me begin by saying that a year ago I would've given Amelie's 5 stars. I think the problem is that Amelie's is pretty much the only one of its kind in Charlotte and it's now too crowded and understaffed (or staffed with people who don't care?). Every time I go there is a huge line, dirty plates on every table and a mass of people. My favorite bakery items are the twice baked chocolate croissants. The last few times I've been they were either out of them (that happened twice) or they said they had them and then gave me the twice baked almond croissant by mistake (realized that when I got home) or they had them so I was so excited that I got two! - they were both stale. Really disappointing. Also one night we got a Napoleon to share there, we tried to take a bite of it and it was frozen. I should've said something to one of the people behind the counter but I was just fed up at this point and felt like they wouldn't do anything about it anyways. I just asked for a box to take it home to defrost. I used to be really excited about going to Amelie's, now I just try to avoid it. I do have hope that it will go back to what it used to be.
3	When I went in I did not know what to choose so I purchased 10 different products that I shared with family and friends.  Flavored Macaroons, can't say much other than was not impressed. Napoleon thought I could share but the top crust is so hard, it is tough to cut n the cream spreads everywhere.  Apple tart was ok, eggclair n cream puff were probably a few days old n nothing to brag about.The lemon tart w raspberries was sooo good and there were some other treats w sugar that were perfect.Now that I have consumed so much sugar, I will  give you 3 stars because  I will be working it off for days and it was not all worth it and is overpriced.Try it if you are in the area but not worth 30 minute drive.
3	Amelie's is not for everyone. This place seems to always stay packed with Hipsters (with a capital H!), students, working professionals, older folks, and the most eccentrically adorned individuals you have ever witnessed. This is primarily due to its location in the North Davidson area (NoDa). The thing that keeps me coming back is the spinach soup. I never go wrong when I order it. The desserts are okay. I tried the sweet potato bread pudding and was not impressed. I think they make the mistake with it being to eggy. As a tip to the chef, leave out the egg white and only use the egg yolk. Also, I have never been served bread pudding without some kind of sweet sauce to be drizzled over it. Mine tasted rather dry and left much to be desired in the "sweet" department. Unfortunately, after my third bite, I begged one of the employees for some icing or agave. She directed me to the coffee bar and suggested honey. As outrageous as that sounds, the honey made it taste better, but definitely not a winner. The creme brulee is also okay. Perhaps a lot better than the bread pudding. I have enjoyed better, but I suppose the lower price coincides with the quality. Seating is alright, outlets are reasonable. The back of the building is quieter than the front which forever has a long line. I will say, the employees do their best to make sure you are not waiting too long though. I come back because it is a place to get work done and is open a whopping 24 hours. If my local Starbucks had the same hours, that is probably where you would find me all the time.
5	Looks great and smells awesome. everything was so quaint from the size of the pastries and chocolates to the french eclectic decor.I was very statisfied for breakfast and coffee
4	Very interesting vibe.  Open 24/7, very chill, and awesome baked goods.  The sandwiches and soups were prepared quickly and were very tasty.  Highly recommend.
5	One of the best places in Charlotte!! I just love everything abt Amelie's! Everytime I have a friend in town visiting we come here. The decor is eclectic & semi-Paris themed. Really fun. Open 24/7 & alway busy. I recommend not going weekend evenings because you will wait in line. The asparagus soup is great but I mostly just get dessert when I go. Coconut macaroons are great. Salted caramel brownies are heavenly. There are tiny chocolate cups w/ different fillings. The passion fruit is out of this world. Not to be confused with the chocolate passion fruit tho.
3	The chicken salad tastes divine on a croissant. I'm hooked. Caveat: there have been issues with wi-fi not working a few times.
4	Love the coffee Melange along with all the tasty treats!  If your getting a breakfast sandwich ( egg whites, cheese and spinach - yummy) in the morning (7:30a - 8:30a) be prepared to wait up to 20 min. While its worth the wait if your running late for work get there early!
4	Chocolate mousse cups and eclairs are my favorite!  This place is so fun and funky, it's open 24 hrs and has free wi-fi.  It is a little expensive, but still worth the splurge once in a while!
4	What was I thinking????  I love everything about this place but the food I had.  So how in the world can I give it four stars?  First, I LOVE French Bakeries.  I have the best story about Alon's in Atlanta but that can wait for another day.I drove this morning from Raleigh to Atlanta and realized quickly that Charlotte could be the location for a late breakfast.  Then I realized there was a French Bakery in Charlotte that was on one of Google's experimental sites that I visited this past weekend.  It was a 24 hour bakery that had a 360 degree camera going in the kitchen so you could watch the food being prepared any time you click the link.  The site is: http://www.chromeweblab.com/en-GB/teleporter .  I got there at 10-ish and starved.  Instead of a getting a great pastry (and I have zero doubt that they make an astounding eclair, I got the breakfast sandwich with sausage and egg.  The croissant was amazing but the "other stuff" was just too overwhelming.  Like I said, I can't blame anyone but myself.  If I wanted breakfast, I should have stopped at an "Awful Waffle"The deco is great.  It was full but not packed (10 am on Wed:) ).  The service was punctual, but not overly friendly.  No snide remarks about the French, please.I am going to give this place another shot, for sure.
4	I love the fact that this cafe is open 24hr 7days a week!!!! There have been plenty of sleepless nights when my friends and I would get out the house to congregate at Amelie's. Free wifi and good sweets, my fave is the chocolate mousse cup with the strawberry.
5	I love the atmosphere. The decor is cute! They are open 24/7 and it is a great location to study, hold a meeting, or kill time. I had their Napoleon and it was one of the best desserts I have ever had.
1	I was pointed in the direction of Amelie's by a classmate who seemed to be a fan of the breakfast sandwiches, which he said were usually sold out if you don't get there early enough. I figured this was a sign that it was a good cafe/bakery. The first couple times I went, I bought an assortment of pastries to try - most were pretty great. I had given some to my parents to taste and my mother insisted her birthday cake come from there (I live 90 minutes away so this wasn't exactly easy planning.)  On my next trip I purchased several french macarons and after getting them home, discovered a small hair sandwiched into 1 of them. I emailed Amelie's through facebook to explain what happened just to let them know someone needed to be a little more careful. I received an email back from Lynn profusely apologizing (including the same formatted apologies I've seen from her in response to some reviews on here) and offering to make up for the mishap. She gave me a separate email address to contact her with additional information. I emailed her back at the address she provided and told her I didn't want anything for free (I assumed the apology and promise to check their procedures was sincere) - and only wanted some help picking out a birthday cake for my mom as I was short on time. I never received any response. I followed up a few days later on facebook to see if she got my email and again, no response.I sent a 3rd and final email December 26th (3 months after the fact) and finally got a response 8 days later apologizing for dropping the ball and offering a gift card to make up for it. I received another email this morning because she forgot to copy the gift card person on what happened.  Really? This is a comedy of errors that just isn't all that funny so I won't be back.
5	Okay, hands down the best place in Charlotte. This place is so awesome, usually pretty busy but the wait isn't too long, and if it is, it's worth it.  Get your food and hope to find a table, don't worry one will turn up. The decor is borderline cute and over the top but nonetheless fun to look at.They have pastries galore!! Everything from croissants, to macaroons to cream puffs, all delicious. They also have soups and sandwiches, everything you need to spend hours working, studying or just hanging out with friends. I wish I lived closer, I would be there errday!  If you have not visited it yet you are missing it, so hurry and check it out.
2	I've been to Amelie's a handful of times, and I'm sad to report I don't like it. I DO love the decor, and I DO love the assortment of desserts and pastries. Here's what I don't like: the place is always crowded and the food and espresso drinks are overpriced.  I paid about $4.50 for a small latte (which costs less than $3 most other places). The woman at the register was in a foul mood and was very short with me when I asked for skim milk. Apparently, they don't have skim milk, only soy.  The latte was not good (I threw it away on my way out the door).  I've had the croque monsieur, which was extremely greasy, and the turkey and brie sandwich wasn't great either.  I'm pretty sure I'm the only person in Charlotte who doesn't like their salted caramel brownies (how can they call that thing a brownie, anyway?!).  About half of the staff members I've interacted with were down-to-earth pleasant individuals, the others were haughty and downright snotty. 50% is not good enough in my book.
1	How Disappointing. A "French Bakery" that makes awful croissants. One would think they would make the best ones in town. My advice for the best croissant in the area, go to The Fresh Market. (And that is the only reason to go to The Fresh Market.)Although the product comes in frozen (I know, I know) at TFM, when they are baked just right, they are excellent. Some blueberry preserves smeared on it and I'm happy...I did try some pastries at Amelie's but nothing to write home about. I tried a baguette and it was edible. I still can do better pastries and bread in my galley kitchen. Not worth the drive from Cornelius.
5	The pastries here are delicious! During my trip to Charlotte I was lucky enough to come here twice.Tried the passionfruit cake, opera torte, apple/apricot turnover, peppermint creme brulee, salted caramel macaron, and chocolate eclair. Everything here was amazing but the stand outs were the passionfruit cake and peppermint creme brulee. The passionfruit cake was so light- not overly sweet- and the frosting is probably the creamiest I've ever had. The peppermint creme brulee had just amount of peppermint, not overpowering at all. Plus, they heat the surface to order.I was told the chicken salad sandwich was a must have and it lived up to the hype. The house dijon is so flavorful and they give you a very generous amount of chicken.Love this place! Will be back the next time I'm in Charlotte.
3	I am a Pastry Arts Major, so I might be more critical than an average customer. I was overwhelmed when I first arrived to Charlotte and I loved it, but over the years I have realized the quality of the goods are bit slacking. By far, the salted caramel brownie is amazing and is always my go to dessert. It is never bad, never slacking, and always satisfying. Recently I have been exploring some other treats in the display cabinet and I am a bit disappointed. All my non-culinary friends love it, but I can see that some of the products could be amazing. For example the croissants are just not reaching the standard for my liking. The employees are amazing, the location is amazing, and the amount of seating is wonderful. Even if you can't find seating in the main building, there is extra seating outside as well as in the atrium in the back. I have been at many different times of the day and always can find a seat. I give it 3 stars because I can't get past the quality of the desserts .The food, however, may be the most underestimated part of the restaurant. The soup is to die for, especially the carrot ginger, and the cheese spread are amazing. To end I can't forget to mention that it is open 24 hours, 7 days a week. It is an amazing place to visit with a group or by yourself. You must people watch at different parts of the day because the crowd changes depending on what time you are there.
4	With 259 previous reviews, I'm not sure I can add much more but I'm going to give it a whirl!  Amelies is an ecclectic, unique french bakery located in the heart of NoDa.  However, unlike other favorite NoDa spots, Amelies has a private parking lot.  And, I do appreciate that since I was towed once having dinner at Cabo Fish Taco, but I digress.  Highlights: open 24 hours a day, free wi-fi access, amazing pastries, delicious sandwiches if you're a tad more hungry, and some great coffees!  Perhaps I'm most appreciative of the oversized, comfy couches and chairs located toward the back of the bakery.  I just melt right into them and then don't want to do any school work which is usually my intent when I make the trek into visit.  The staff have always been very friendly.  However, I'm not totally clear on whether you are supposed to leave your dishes behind or find one of those dishes buckets and put things away yourself.  I get the sense that either is acceptable.The art work, antiques, piano and other trinkets are always fun to look at!  I'd recommend coming to Amelie's for: 1) some after bar hopping treats, 2) a place to bunker in and do some work with the free wi-fi and pastries, and 3) the dessert ending to a perfect date!
4	So many reviews, you can guess this place is popular.  The best thing about this place is the ambiance of the cafe itself.  It's truly the definition of shabby chic and I'm excited to bring my friends here after a concert just to hang out and eat some delish desserts.  I had the creme puff which was right on point.  The staff is super friendly and I would definitely come back not just every now and then, but often.
4	The salted caramel brownies are to die for! Expensive. Crowded.
4	Great food & drinks! Wide selection. Open 24/7 (which is great for those late-night cravings) Can get crowded easily depending on the day of the week/time of day. Definitely a must-try in the Charlotte area.
5	Who doesn't like this place? There is no way that this place deserves anything less than 5 stars. Awesome bakery items and the soups and sandwiches are perfecto. I LOVE that this place is open 24 hours a day, not sure exactly why that is, but I don't care or question it. I recently came here with 14 other gals and quickly found out that groups need to be approved by management. We ended up sitting outside the restraurant in the breezeway which was fine with us, but good to know for the future. Awesome place to take friends who are visiting from out of town which is what I'll be doing this coming weekend.
5	I love the combo of the French decor, good coffee, double-baked chocolate croissants, and R&B jams playing in the background by the awesome staff. Oh and all steps away from work. Love it!
3	I actually have not eaten there in almost a year, but being  a "sweet tooth" to the point of addiction,if I had more $, I would frequent it more often!  That being said, I actually liked the ORIGINAL Amelies a little better.  After they changed hands and branched out-serving sandwiches,etc, it lost some of its "French bakery" appeal for me.  My daughter really loved the luncheon meals and ate there weekly.  I found those to be rather overpriced and mediocre in my humble opinion.  But I never had a dessert item that I didn't really enjoy, my favorite being something called Napolean, which is so large and rich, even a sugarholic will get filled eating one!  And  reading another review about raspberry cream puffs makes me want to venture over and see if they still make them.  That reviewer didn't like them, but since I love anything raspberry I want to try one!  All in all, I believe I would like Amelies better if they only sold pastry items and coffee, and let the luncheon meals to other restaurants.
3	(see explanation of ratings below)3 of 3 stars (excellent fast food).One of those places you just gotta see when in Charlotte.What to wear: a black beret.What to take: your laptop or iPad.Open 24 hours.About $11 per person, gratuity not included.Order at the counter and they deliver to your seat.  That plus the use of paper napkins and paper cups means they cannot get 5 stars (this is not fine dining).Cute warehouse-like set-up.  Incredible selection of house-made pastries and other baked goods.About my ratings:Only fine dining establishments can garner five stars.  Until yelp realizes that a fast food joint cannot possibly be ranked equally with a $100 per person place, I need to draw the line somewhere.  If we were only talking about the quality and presentation of the food, it would be a different story.  But, as we know, yelp's rankings take into account the entire dining experience.Therefore, I divide restaurants into three categories (and I wish yelp would do the same):1) fast food (no table service)2) casual dining (table service)3) fine dining (linen napkins, no plastic cups, no TV's in dining room, typically more expensive than casual dining)Fine dining can earn a max of five stars.  Casual dining can earn a max of four stars.  Fast food can earn a max of three stars.
2	My daughter raved about this place so we tried it. It's just Ok for me as I have had much better pastries elsewhere. I don't live near this place so most likely I will not go back. We went on Sunday 8pm, the place was packed and desserts were continuously brought out from the kitchen. It was too late in the evening to have espresso so couldn't comment on it.
5	Amelie's is the best bakery in Charlotte! The vanilla eclair is to DIE for! I've tried tons of things here and the eclair is definitely the best! Love love love it! We go there all the time! The atmosphere is great and relaxed as well. Very interesting decor as well.
2	I remember when this place wasn't 24 hours a day, it wasn't what it is today by any means.  For me, this place began as a perfect spot because I was always looking for something that was open late and the early hours of the morning.But due to the hype and popularity of this place, the quality has definitely gone downhill from the fond memories I originally made here. Many of their breads are now sold frozen and I even received a Neapolitan that was rock hard in the middle making it un-edible because  it had been frozen. This place does still serve a purpose for me when I'm looking for something because no other places open; however, with the long lines you find later on in the evening it often feels more like a nightclub than a bakery serving great food.To put it simply, the best thing about this place is that it's open 24/7.
5	I love love love this place...love the hours as much!!.
2	Over a short period of time this place has gone to the dogs.  Napoleons and other butter cream pastries are now frozen as a matter of course. Beverage selection is poor and badly made coffee is accepted. Hipsters seem to accept the off hand service and lack of attention to detail as a badge of honor. Sadly the hype has done Amelie's a great disservice. I hope they can remedy it I used to love the place.
4	Whoa was my first reaction when I went here. Bad or good, you decide. The place was packed at midnight on a Saturday, but the line moved quickly. The space is humongous, and allows for you to wander through separate rooms. There is also a huge indoor courtyard and a "hookah" room. Every inch of this space is filled with "French" decor.  It's actually pretty over the top if you ask me. No amount of decor can make me forget I'm  inside a shopping center. Whatever, there's plenty of free parking!They sell pastries, desserts, and sandwiches. The macaroons were great! The salted caramel brownie was a decadent salty/sweet treat. Everything else we had was decadent, but nothing special. I was a bit dissappointed with the eclairs. Perhaps, if I came in earlier, they would taste more fresh. Overall, fair prices and a great stop if you are craving desserts at any hour.
5	After a long day, and a healthy fish and veggie dinner, I deserved a treat. We drove over to Amelie's, and words cannot express the fact that I will be back. What a quaint, unique, funky atmosphere. However, that was nothing! The coffee and desserts were amazing!! My favorite, the Carmel chocolate brownie, that salty sweet treat everyone craves! The macaroons  were delist! I will be back to enjoy this unique place and their amazing treats!!!
4	Salted caramel brownie...nuff said
4	Everything a pastry and coffee spot should be! Two words Russian Tea!I didn't give 5 stars BECAUSE amongst the pastries that I order the chocolate croissant was stale! So disappointing since I was leaving town that very day! :( Other than that would recommend and suggest rolling through here anytime you're in Charlotte.
5	The vibe of this place is awesome and the desserts are to die for! If you're in the area you have to stop! I recommend the fruit tart and macaroons.
5	The fact that this fabulous bakery is open 24/7 is alone reason to appreciate it.  (This is not anything like the 24/7 Wendy's.).  we had the
5	I was visiting from Chicago and was told a about this place from a employee at a museum we visited and if I could only go back and tell her thank you! This is the BEST bakery I have ever been to! I spent over $100 just to make sure I had treats to bring home since I wont be back in Charlotte until maybe summer. Recommendations:Caramel-Salted browniesLemon Torte and Dark Chocolate Raspberry TorteMacaroons
5	Go for the french press coffee, the macarons, the croissants, the tea, the lemonade, the hot chocolate, the salted caramel brownie, the espresso, the cakes, the tartines, the quiche, the people watching, the decor, the hours, the location, the ambiance.  Seriously, why are you still reading this?  Just go to Amelie's!
4	I'm not sure which is better; the people watching, the atmosphere or their food. It's the perfect place for a first date, studying or going on after a night out on the town. It's very creative and artsy. It is super cozy and very relaxing. They serve great sandwiches like Turkey and Brie. They also have great pastries, now of course, if you don't like petit fours and croissants, tarts and quiche, don't go. I preferably was looking for cheesecake on first trip and was kindly told it's a French Bakery lol So on my next trip I tried out a few of their cream cheese croissants. Now that was heaven! It gets 4 stars, because it's a great place, but not 5 stars because they should have cheesecake.
3	The 3 stars are really for the decor and ambiance of this place. I am a serious lover of most things French and cute... and this place had all of that and more! I was a little disappointed by their pastries (specifically their macarons), but that could also be attributed to the fact that we went at 1am on a Saturday night (have you ever heard of a bakery that's open 24/7?! crazy!).I would really just come back to this place to sit around and soak in all the little je ne sais quoi-s, but I will have to try their pastries again probably during "normal business hours."
3	Me and my family used to love to go here for special occasions (it's a bit of a drive from their house). But since my dad is now lactose intolerant and I'm vegan it's we can't really get anything anymore. Just a drink or a soup every once in a while. I would love for them to have one or two vegan dessert options for those of us who don't do animal products. I'm not picky, I'll take anything!
5	First, the food here is amazing. There's a huge selection of french pastries in a display case, and I always pick out whatever looks good when I go. It's easy to spend a lot of money when you want a variety, but each item is very affordable. I've never been disappointed in their desserts, especially the salted caramel brownie Yummmm!! The lavender lemonade is also amazing, I thought lavender would be gross in a drink but it tastes as wonderful as it smells. The sandwiches are so-so, but I usually go with the intent of having dessert and dessert only.Second, the ambiance is fantastic. I love the French/shabby chic motif they have going on over there, and marvel at it every time I visit. I always notice something different and wish my apartment was as adorable as this bakery.Third, the service is just as great as the food and ambiance. I hosted my graduation party here last year, and the staff (especially Stephanie) took just great care of me! The cost is fairly reasonable, and I was able to bring in my own food/wine which was a huge plus. Even when dropping by for a quick visit, the staff is always friendly and eager to answer any questions you have about the items they have. If you go after a big event in town or late at night, expect the line to be very long. It can seem daunting, but it usually moves pretty fast. Even if it moved slower than molasses, the food is SO worth the wait!
4	Everybody's got their own opinion of Amelie's, so let me make mine to-the-point:Decor - love it. Unique, fun, and eclectic. My girlfriend thinks it's adorbs. I like it cuz it doesn't look like every other damn place in town.Savory food - like it. The sandwiches are AMAZING, as is the quiche. The salad choices are fine, but they don't really do anything that would be considered an entree.Bakery - Also like it. Everything Amelie's does is wonderful. You are *required* to try the chocolate torte sometime before you die. There is no option here. The twice-baked croissant makes me masticate just thinking about it. The tea cakes are om-nom-arrific. The French macarons are excellent. However, Amelie's commits a major cardinal sin here that I simply can't avoid writing about: THEY LEAVE THE FRENCH MACARONS IN THE FRIDGE ALL DAY, MAKING THEM HARD AND CRUNCHY. I mean, seriously, who the FUCK decided this was a good idea?! Have they never had real macarons before?! Now, I know what you're thinking: "Aubrey, not *everybody* knows how a macaron should taste." That's true, gentle reader, but if you're going to fucking make macarons for people to purchase and consume, you should know how they're stored / kept fresh. Any other way, and you might as well hold your glaring deficiencies out for the world to see. In this case, Amelie's is walking around with a hideous facial birthmark.Coffee - meh. Ees okay. Not great. The melange riche is burnt-tasting, while the house roast is better, but still thin and bland.
2	Ok....Ok....I know this review will not be favored amongst other yelpers.  I'm not a huge fan of Amelie's.   One night, my boyfriend and I decided to hop in here on a dreary Saturday night after being in the Plaza Midwood area.  I was in search of a latte and he had a sweet tooth.  While the line was about 8 people deep, it moved rather quick.  I've since learned that this number of patrons was an anomaly as the line is usually wrapped around the room.  Anyways, we tried the Salted Caramel Brownie that EVERYONE loves, a few Tortes and a strawberry croissant.  First off, they did not want to make a latte....not at all.  I don't blame them, it was not that good.  I don't think I was able to finish all of it.   We were not impressed with the brownie either, it was just a thick chunk of caramel plopped on top of a dry brownie.  Maybe we got a bad batch or something but it was not the "raved" about dessert that I was hoping for.  I had the same problem with their layered tortes....dry and not flavorful.  The croissant was....not the warm, buttery pastry that you would envision.     I would love to love Amelie's but I just don't.  I DO like the fact that it's open 24hrs. and I find it a good place to sit and people watch.  I plan on returning for a third time to try it once more, have a plain coffee and sit to work on some writing.
4	Amelie's is an adorable little bakery located in the Noda area of Charlotte. If I lived in Charlotte this would be a regular spot for me.My husband and I ended up at this place looking for a bite to eat when we were in this area of Charlotte visiting breweries. I am really glad we did!Besides the fun and girlie decor, the first thing that caught my eye here when we entered was the long pastry case. I am a huge fan of desserts and I almost wanted to skip lunch and go straight to the desserts.However, I ended up ordering the turkey and white cheddar croissant and my husband settled on the roast beef and mozzarella sandwich. There were lots of sandwich choices that appealed to me on the menu. The turn-around time from when we placed our order to when our food came out was pretty quick. My sandwich was good and my husband liked his as well. I will say a small pet peeve of mine is when places serve sandwiches without sides and this was one of those places. I did enjoy my sandwich but if I had been hungrier I'm not sure it would have been filling enough.However, for that, there is always the French pastries for dessert. On this particular visit, I resisted the desserts knowing I would be drinking beer soon, but next time I will be sure to pick up a salted caramel brownie or a few of the macaroons.We will be back!
3	I do like this place and it is close to my home. There is plenty of room inside and I like the decor. Honestly for a bakery, I would not say its the best. I have had better and  there is better. Not that I have not liked what I have gotten, but I would say it is average. Service is sometimes good and sometimes not so good. The main reason I like it here is becuase it is open 24/7. I am sorry but that alone is awsome. I know I can get a sweet treat anytime (and I have) So if you have a sweet craving and you are close, or it's late at night, you can come here and satisfy that craving.
2	Amelie's. It's an absolute Charlotte staple, honorable mention to the salted caramel brownie, but some of the most apathetic service in town, in my opinion. I'm not too amped on going to Amelie's.....really at all. If you've never been, check it out. If you're visiting from out of town, it's a must. If you're into kitschy decor, by golly, what are you waiting for? If you're into good pastries, look elsewhere. When I first moved to Charlotte, we were all about this joint. Board games, open 24/7, ample seating (inside and in the atrium of the 28th Row), and plenty of caffeine for late-night work sessions. So why 2 stars? Apathy. The service is just abysmal and the product(s) tend to suffer the consequences as result. The trendy little kids behind the counter "go out of their way" to serve you and, dare I say, ask "who's next" in line. There are plenty of things right with Amelie's. Get some staff that actually KNOW the products, give them a little more love, and then put them in front of people. Every time I've visited, which has been sparse in the past few years, I've been in line with newbies. They should be swept off their feet as soon as they make eye contact with the staff. But, instead, I've seen them met with obligatory welcomes and blank stares. Upon our last visit, we went with some go-tos -- Vanilla eclair and the chocolate croissant. Both were kinda blah. Dry, had been sitting in the case for what tasted like a good two or three days, and aren't what they used to be. You know....as long as the salted caramel brownie stays the same, I'm a happy camper. I still love you, Amelie's. You'll always have a place in my Charlotte-loving heart, but your service is just less than desirable.
2	DOES ANYONE JUST WANT COFFEE?!How many times can you scream that at a line of people before someone jabs you in the eye?  Really?  Just help everyone in line patiently and with the best humor you can muster.  (No one ever did just want coffee and she never did help anyone who wanted anything else)Besides that annoyance and the extremely long line itself, there was also the demand that we get in line when my mother and I were just trying to look at the menu board, and the young man who huffed and said "That's nice, now what do you want" when I explained we hadn't been to the property before and hadn't had a chance to look at the board.  We were rushed through start to finish.The only saving grace was that the cakes were good.  Not good enough to make up for that, though.  Definitely not going back.
5	amelie's is wonderful and a consistently positive experience. the baked goods case is straight out of paris and everything i've had is delicious. the salted caramel brownies are utterly fantastic and if you can find the chocolate creme brulee it's out of this world. (mocha is also good).my favorite sandwiches are the seeded roast beef (the horseradish is pungent and delicious) and the ham and gruyere tartine, the cheese is so soft and melty! the bread is so crunchy! i don't even like eggs but think their ham and cheese quiche is stellar! iced coffee is strong and not syrupy sweet.downside: busy. and the line is kind of weird, but there's no real way around it. there's one or two people who hit you up for pastries as you're waiting but then have to wait until you get to the register to order anything else. don't forget  your table number either! service can leave a bit to be desired, though i'm convinced the food makes up for it.because they are packed sometimes, consider sitting in the atrium area behind amelie's (doors on both sides).
5	24 hour bakery?  Um..yes, please!  Expensive, but if you select carefully then you win.BUY:- Napoleon- Salted caramel brownie- Palmier (aka: elephant ears)- rosemary lemon iced teaCONSIDER:- tarts- little fudge like squares (some are better than others)PASS:- chocolate croissants (dry & kinda stale)- macarons As you can see, I did a lot of market research for you guys.  Not 'cuz I'm a total fatty, but for Yelp.  Yeahhh..............
4	Wow, I've been living in the Queen City for eight years, and I haven't said anything about the best bakery in town yet? For shame!Alright, kids, if you haven't made your way to the sketchy part of NoDa yet to sample some of the best French pastries this side of Paris, then whatcha waitin' for? You won't be disappointed by the rich, savory goodness Amelie's has to offer: flaky croissants, rich, creamy Napoleons, thick and gooey eclairs, the works. But it's all not just belly-filling desserts at Amelie's; a slew of delicious sandwiches, soups, cheeses, and, of course, French breads are available for your liking, and they're all fantastic. Seriously, one can have a nice meal and a tasty dessert all in one sitting.Since it's open 24/7, it stays busy all the time, so you might have a hard time scoring a place to sit. Amelie's, like any coffee and dessert joint offering free wi-fi, has its fair share of squatters, which can be a drag when all you want is to enjoy a coffee and an eclair and a nice place to sit. Still, perhaps a minor inconvenience for a major delight. Go to Amelie's now.
2	Baked goods are good considering other bakeries available in the area. I wouldn't say it's great, but definitely worth a stop if you're nearby since they are open 24 hours daily. Sandwiches are tasty but somewhat smallish. The salted caramel brownie is a favorite and baguettes are perfect. Ambiance & Atmosphere: kitschy bordering on trying too hard, noisy, & the layout leaves the ordering line blocking the display cases so it can be difficult to have time to shop the offerings when the counter help is asking for your order right when you first see the contents du jour.I'll be back when nearby but doubt I'd make a special trip to Amelie's.
4	Pros: lots of comfortable seating areas Wide selection of pastries to choose from (and nothing looked stale or old)Knowledgeable staff of explaining their productConstant people coming in during a Saturday PM24h operation Cons:Can't execute a cappuccino properlyDoes French coffee always have to be strong?  Priced as if you were back in Chelsea. NoDA has a long way to go stillResult:I'll come back for the comfortable couch, a Coffee brought from somewhere else and likely get anything that involves cream for a pastry. What was surprisingly good was the brownies....
3	When this place first opened I found it a 5 star experience. The staff was friendly, the food was delicious, and the atmosphere was inviting. Now it has gone downhill. The staff seems less than enthusiastic to serve their customers, it's quite disappointing. I still love the pastries and baguettes, but their soups and sandwiches are sub-par and very small for the price. What once was a very fun and inviting place has declined into just being a kitschy tourist stop.
5	Cutest place ever. I had the legendary salted caramel brownie which was amazing. Service was kinda slow but there was a lot of concerts that night and it was at 7 or 8 pm on a Saturday. The cashier made fun of my Avett brothers shirt but whatever haha... typical bakery prices and your average NoDa crowd. A must visit!
4	I have heard so many great things about this place that I had to check it out. I love the ambiance. Very eclectic, really cute place. I got a cream cheese danish and I honestly expected it to be much better. It was greasy and the cream cheese inside was very rubbery. Not so impressed. My kids got the salted caramel brownie and since they inhaled them in 1.4 seconds I'm assuming they were fantastic!! The coffee was great. Next time I'll stay away from the Danishes and go for the brownie!
4	Alright, this place is a wish come true for those of you like me that seem to crave sweets at the weirdest times. 24 hours of yummy treats! The reason I take a star off is due to the crowd and the line (though it was a Saturday night) and the price which I thought was a little too high. That being said, I whole-heatedly believe it is worth it. I got macaroons, a little chocolate mousse stack with a raspberry on top, and a salted caramel brownie. They were all delicious and by the happy faces and the line itself, I assume most of their items are the same. It has a really neat and creative ambiance and is cozy with a lot of seating inside as well as a few tables outside.The service was great and the workers interacted with the customers and knew the products well. There seemed to be enough of everything, and the staff was super friendly. Overall, very good and I absolutely recommend it.
4	I'm not really a fan of fancy French pastries. They look pretty but they don't taste all that great. Luckily Amelie's has other offerings that keep me interested and coming back for more! One favorite is the breakfast sandwich. I order mine with spinach, egg whites, and mozzarella on a baguette. It is lightly toasted and the cheese is melted perfectly. It is $4.89 and 75 cents extra to sub egg whites for the whole egg. It's so good I don't care and sometimes I am guilty of ordering two!After I'm done eating probably a day's worth of calories on 2 breakfast sandwiches, sometimes I feel like eating something "healthy." Lynn's salad is tiny and pricey but it's amazing! It's made up of mixed greens, mandarin oranges, strawberries, feta, and candied almonds but the thick, gooey, brown crap that it comes with makes it crave-worthy! It is called celery seed vinaigrette but it doesn't look much like a vinaigrette. It's sweet and tangy and I always have to get extra because one little cup just isn't enough! If I happen to have any leftover then I just eat the rest of it by the spoonful and if it wasn't looked down on then I would just lick that cup clean.. Ah who am I kidding I've already done that!Listen to the majority and get the salted caramel brownie! Dense, rich brownie on the bottom and a layer of toffee flavored caramel on top.. Mmmm.  Also the lemon raspberry tart is delish!Minus one star because it's expensive for the tiny portions but man oh man.. The flavors are on point!
3	Amelie a destination that I wanted to try for a while now. Made it there this afternoon  with the family expecting an awesome experience.  The decor is eclectic which I think makes this place. Their pastries was ok... Caramel fudge was good. Macaroons was average.  I felt rushed since it was our first time and we didn't know what to order. The one employee that help us was nice while the others seemed as if they didn't want to be there. It's neat that a bakery opens 24/7.I will come back to give them another try, but may try their banquettes and croissants instead.
4	French pastries - YES! I've tried numerous pastries at Amelie's and my favorites must be their macarons. By god the seasonal pumpkin macaron is like tasting everything there is to love about the fall season in a few small bites. Just wonderful. I love to bring out-of-towners here after dinner to pick up goodies to take back to the house for later. One of my favorite things about Charlotte for sure.
5	Pure heaven. Nuff said. Never had a bad experience here. Super cute decor. Uh, pastries are AMAZING. My favorites include the fruit tarts and croissants. Oh and the chicken salad is by far one of the best I've tried. Want a late night snack or early morning indulgence- oh yeaaaaah, they got you covered. Lol.  Open 24 hours. Score.
4	My friend said a general rule of thumb is that if something looks good here, it is. I tried A LOT of stuff and everything was really good. Workers are hit or miss. Some of them were knowledgeable, and others just don't care. I asked one worker what the flavors of the chocolate cups were. She said, "I don't know". I waited and then she started guessing on a few of them but trailed off. I pointed at one, and I said, "The one with the almond. Is that almond?" and she said, "Yeah, I think so." I think her name was Mac. I wish she had a nametag on that said, "Don't ask me". She could have also easily asked the guy next to her.I highly recommend the chocolate cups. My favorite was the passion fruit one. And the French macaroons (macarons)... sooo good. I prefer the cream ones and my favorite was pistachio. I didn't like the cinnamon-sugar one - too grainy. I wish I had bought a gazillion and stuffed them in my suitcase to bring back with me. Go here! You will not regret it. Just be careful, with this combo of deliciousness and semi-priceyness, you might go broke.
4	Amelie's never disappoints. Even when there's a line around the corner, it really moves and the lattes and desserts are always tasty and delicious.
5	I came here for a coworkers baby shower and could not have been more impressed with the space, the food, and the employees. If you've never been beyond the pastry case in the front of this location you are missing out. It extends so far back it's hard to believe. They have so many little nick-knacks to look at you'll never be bored.I also didn't realize you could rent the place out. Someone told me that it could hold a wedding party of 80! We only had the back rooms rented out for about 20 people and it was plenty of space. Amelie's provided quiche Lorraine which was wonderful, as well as a spinach quiche, their famous pastries, coffee, and orange juice. I was so impressed with their food I took some home to my husband, who took literally a bite out of everything because he couldn't decide what to eat.
4	Enormous bakery. Plenty of places to sit, but watch out. This place can get CROWDED. Just as my party of 8 got in line and ordered, a group of THIRTY TEENAGERS swarmed inside. You could see the faces of the people behind the counter fall, well, except for the one guy whose shift was about to end. He was relieved.I got an eclair and DEAR GOD IT WAS DECADENT. I also took home a croissant with me and had it the next morning. A little stale, but it was still very fine. Very fine indeed.There is about every French pastry in the book here. What a gem. Find out when the off-hours are and visit at those times because I have seen this place as a madhouse.
4	The desserts are to die for, and the 24 hour thing is a big plus. Amelies is always on my schedule when I visit the NoDa area. French press coffee: 10-10, Salted Caramel Brownies: 10-10, $1 Baguettes with cheese spread: 100-10 (that extra zero is not a typo...best cheap meal in town). The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is because sometimes there is no seating available and it is so packed it takes 30 minutes to get to the front of the line and get your food.....but I guess awesome places like Amelies can't avoid the crowds because the place is just so dang good! If you're visiting Charlotte, don't skip over this place as it is a must-see. Amelies also designed and baked all the pastries in the Hunger Games movie, which I thought was a fun fact. Also worth noting: This place is great for a first date since it's pretty casual. Check it out!
5	once upon a timethere was a french bakeryopen all the time.Wow Charlotte, you are amazing.  An amazing bakery, coffee shop, French open 24/7.  This is a grad student dream.  This is a macaroon lover-dream.  This is a coffee drinker insomniac paradise.  Seriously.  Go here.  Eat here.  Study here.  Sleep here. Be happy.
4	24-hour places are far and few between, especially in the Bible Belt they call "The Dirty South". You get Waffle House, McDonalds, a handful of gas stations and Amelie's French Bakery--not to be confused with the lowbrow 24-hour options of the past.Amelie's is heaven on earth. Despite the loooong (looooooooong) line to pick out your pastries, the whole bakery is a wonderful place to be. There are plenty of seats, bistro seating with tiny tables and tiny chairs as well as overstuffed furniture to settle into with your laptop (for the free wi-fi).Everyone will suggest to you that you get the salted caramel brownie. And you should, if you like your caramel poured on thick with a thin layer of brownie. But rest assured: whatever you choose, you will love it all.
4	Love love love their Napoleon sheet cake. Best I've found in charlotte. It's quite large wish it was a bit smaller. For calorie purpose. Everything is quite pricey but worth it. Also tried the macaroons relish. Also a nice place to hang well if we didn't have the kids.
4	My only complaint about my visit to Amelie's was the line! Luckily though they worked through it pretty quickly. A lot of people mention the seating but, when I was there on a Friday night it was getting pretty aggressive with people trying to secure a spot.The pastries were great, and well I eat a lot of pastries so I like to consider myself a semi-expert. Luckily just as we were about to close up our box they put out a new tray of macarons one of the trays held a cinnamon chocolate one that I immediately snatched up and it was delicious. Some of the other highlights were the salted caramel brownie, pistachio macaron, and this raspberry cake square.  I do agree with others that the service isn't exactly something to rave about here. But, it didn't really bother me. I wanted the line to move fast and to get the pastries I wanted and the service did enable that for me.
5	This place is fabulous!! The food and desserts are exquisite!! I love the spinach asparagus leek soup, the chicken salad croissant and the breakfast sandwiches. Regarding the sweets, this place is heaven. The salted caramel brownie is a staple. I love the chocolate peanut butter petit four and the palmiers. The hot chocolate topped with Caramel is also excellent. I go here any time of the day. It's good for lunch with friends or a late night treat after hanging out on Saturday night . It is open 24hrs/day and has free wifi. It has an eclectic, artistic atmosphere. This is one of my favorite places to go in Charlotte. I always bring out of town visitors here.
5	You can't go wrong with a egg, cheddar cheese, spinach and tomato baguette!
5	Amelie's French Bakery is exactly where it should be, in the art district NoDa. The place is fantastic and I wish I could eat here everyday. The breakfast sandwiches are amazing and priced reasonably. The decor is eclectic and fun. I can't wait until I'm on that side of town so I can drop in and indulge in a delicious pastry.
5	This is my 2nd visit to Amelie's and their bakery items simply cannot be beat. I HIGHLY recommend the salted caramel brownie. I seriously considered skipping lunch and just eating, like, 3 of these! Their sandwiches and soups are also fresh and delicious. Amelie's is a must if you are in Charlotte!
4	I went for the salted caramel brownie. It was very good. The brownie was soft and creamy with a thick layer of salted caramel. Melted in my mouth. I also tried an apricot pastry. There wasn't much apricot in it though it was flakey.  A cute place with tables inside and out.
4	Heard rave reviews about this place so we decided to check it out. To our surprise, this place is open 24/7/365! We went in around 10:30pm on a Saturday night and there was a line about 30 people long! Luckily the line moved quickly and I ordered a cappuccino and a chocolate mousse cup with a chocolate covered strawberry on top! Absolutely delicious! Seating can be a challenge as it seems they're constantly busy, but we were able to find somewhere to sit and enjoy our drinks and pastries! Love this place!
5	The coffee and pastries here are AWESOME!!! And the best part is -- you can get them of all hours of the day, and night ;)
4	Really love the charm of this place! Warm, inviting, bohemian little seating arrangements and french provincial armchairs make me wish I was a student again so I could come and drink coffee and study here for hours.  I was there on a monday night and still couldnt secure a seat anywhere that I could even faintly hear the live music.  They should have a few smaller and easier to move chairs in there so people could actually sit.  They directed me towards the hallway or atrium I guess they call it?  But I didn't show up to sit in the atrium.  Probably won't go very often because of the seating problem, if you cant sit on a monday night there is little hope for any others.  The cake I had was Meh.  It was one of those that I thought had actual frosting that turned out to be that glorified whipped cream.  But it is a total charmer and worth going  once.
4	Venue: Amelie's French BakeryDecor:   Unique, almost hippy(ish) if that's even a word.  It's just differentService:  Cool, somewhat works fast as a team Environment:   Small groups, couples, friends meeting, solo venturing to get work done or to relaxFood:   Pastries (from what I saw), cakes, bread, soups, breakfast sandwichesPrices:   Very affordable, not expensiveHuge Pros: 24 hours OperatingDebbie Downers:  It can be very crowded in somewhat a decent size space. Conclusion:   I am a fan of their Chai Latte.  Very good stuff.  I like the place.  Really like that it is 24 hours, that's pretty cool.  It's a glorified StarbucksOverall: It's in a quiet section not too far from Uptown charlotte.  It's a nice laid back kind of venue.  The service can be better but other than that, It is a place I would not mind people to hang out, relax or get work done.Grade: B
5	Thanks for making me fat!
5	I absolutely loved this place! It was my first time ever coming but the atmosphere was very cute and quaint! I will definitely be coming back here in the near future!
4	Definitely a nice place to unwind after a long day. Enjoyed a exquisite dessert with a hot cup of coffee while the soothing music and light chatter of people fill the room. Most highly recommend!
5	Great selection of French baked goodsHad the Cream Puff and Fruit Tart. Some of the best cream ever. This stuff was delicious and went everywhere. They have a lot of tea and coffee options. Really wanted to get a coffee but it was late in the day and I didn't want to jeopardize my beauty sleep.
1	No skim milk. Overpriced.
3	I really like the decor of this cafe. It's a very Frenchy joint with small seats and tables. With the free wi-fi I would definitely sit there to get some work done. It is also a great place to sit down and catch up with friends which was exactly what I was doing. This place is packed! Good for them of course but it was difficult to lock in a seat of 2 even at 3pm. I shared a fruit tart with a friend and it was good. It was not the best fruit tart I have ever had in my life but I did enjoy it. If the small cupcake sized fruit tart was closer to $3 instead of $5 I would probably come here a lot more often. Unfortunately, not everybody is a Heisenberg (Breaking Bad Reference).
5	My daughter takes me here every Mother's Day. Sort of like a tradition with us. It can be very busy on the weekends but it's worth the wait. The prices are reasonable n the salted caramel brownie is AWESOME!!! The decor is funky n cute I love the chandeliers made out of utensils n things I almost bought at shirt with the place on it to advertise for them lol. You won't be disappointed.
5	Love this place. We tried tons of sweets, but our favorites were salted caramel brownie, pecan tart and lemon raspberry tart. Skip the twice baked almond croissant and the regular croissants.  Even though the salted caramel macaron previously was my favorite thing I'd ever eaten, this time there was no salt flavor so it was a little boring. The latte of the day (I think it was St. Laurent  Spice) was amazing.
3	I like Amelie's.....good coffee and drinks- BUT the pastries (and anything else) are a tad on the pricey side. I can't say I've ever been to a (sit down) bakery where the items were so much- maybe you're paying for the 24 hour part?
1	I don't get it. The salted carmel brownie just didn't taste right and it should be something I'd love given my usual preferences. The sticky buns were tiny and just blah. Not at all good. Gave it away . . . The prices are also entirely outrageous.
5	This place is perfect if you love working on your homework, laptop, reading a book, or hanging out with your friends till 6am drinking coffee and eating deliciously hand crafted patties and goodies! It's my favorite hang out spot to get work done and relax. I'd live here if I could. The food is pretty darn awesome too!
4	This is the way a bakery should be.Family owned and family feel.You are treated with smells of good old fashioned home made treats.With beautiful decor from renaissance to Victorian, this is a unique environment.  With free Wi-Fi and great hours (All day and night), this is a treat and truly a model for bakeries everywhere.Trying new items, you can expect a new surprise each time.From sandwiches to multi-cultural desserts, you will not be disappointed when you go to this establishment.Be prepared.  It is fun and delicious.
5	Very eclectic french bakery.  Delicious foods, great atmosphere, perfect place to sit a while and catch up with friends.
5	I grew up in Charlotte and i must say that this place is King of Desserts. My very favorite is the macaroons and the chocolate Eclairs.. Yummy . they pile on the chocolate and Custard.. OMG. they are delicious.. a little bit pricey but if you want the real thing then this place is where you'll find almost any thing that you can imagine or something you have not had in 20 years,.. yep.. it's here.. I gave them a 5 because they deserve it. i cant think of any other place even close to where i live that has the variety of baked goodies. my sister goes there weekly and brings over a lot of great things from this place.. I am so glad that they are in Charlotte and especially that they are open 24/7..i dont understand that especially being on that side of Charlotte but hey its good to know that they're in town. i only wish there was a  Amelie's French Bakery in the Gaston county area. I am from Mount Holly and i would buy much more from them if there were a little closer to my home..As far as what i have eaten there its definitely a 5 star..Please open up another bakery in Gaston county someday..  i really hope you would do that. you would rock this town and there would be no competition that could come close to what you guys serve. i mean it. there are a few wanna be bakeries in Gastonia but their pastries are made early in the morning and by 5 0r 6 PM its old and not Fresh. Stale  in other words. I would say their name but i would not want to  embarrass them or humiliate the company..  they are so-so but not the real thing like you have.. and lastly..your food is always FRESH...Thanks for being part of Charlotte and NoDa....
5	This is the best place to get with a friend, have a cup of coffee, and play a little chess on a Saturday morning/afternoon. The staff is always vibrant and the scene is exactly the way I like it. I usually don't eat when I go there but the Neapolitan is really good. As well as their croissants
4	Visited Amelies while on Vacation in Charlotte. It's so great to visit a place that people obviously take pride in. Everything I had from the macaroons to the espresso was exceptional! Including the service. Watching the barista make espresso was like watching an artist create a masterpiece and it showed in the flavor. When we first walked in the place was empty so we took our time mapping out our journey! DON'T DO THIS!!! Within a matter of 5 minutes the place was packed and we were stuck at the back of the line for a good 15 mins. Well worth the wait!
5	Oh my god this is one of the best bakeries I've ever been to. I lived in Charlotte for a whole 6 months and this was a frequent stop. It's in a little industrial plaza so if you are not looking you will definitely miss it. When I walked in, I was surprised at how big the place was. The ambiance is truly one of a kind, think of old french quarters. The employees are great. My first time here one of the staff members was with me for about 10 minutes giving recommendations. The rumors are true: you MUST get the salted brownie. I also got a chocolate croissant too..... One word: amazing! If you are ever planning a trip to Charlotte or in the mood for something new, you MUST come to Amelie's. You definitely will not regret it!
2	This is a nice place for gathering with friends at nights... They have some kind of pastry which I like the most and I go there to get that each time! The staff are nice and the atmosphere is enjoyable....Update: it's been a few months that you have to wait in a long line to get the service. The line sometimes is more than  70 people and they only have one cashier. So you should wait for about an hour just in the line... I am not going there anymore....
3	I finally made it to Amelie's which i'm happy about after living in Charlotte for a little over a year.  The bakery is cute and they have a decent selection of pastries and breakfast/lunch items as well.  I got a bacon, egg and cheese on a croissant which took about 20 minutes to get for some reason...not really sure why since we went on a down time and it was not busy at all.  The food was good though when I got it.  We got some pastries to go and they were ok - I've definitely had way better.  The prices a super expensive for pastries though IMO.  Overall, I would go back but not anytime so soon.
4	I brought my mom here for the first time and she really enjoyed it.  Every time I come, there is always a line ... this place is wildly popular!  I love the decor in the sitting room and the cozy,  quaint feel of this place not to mention the varieties of sweet goodness.  The only drawback can be parking and finding a place to sit.I recommend the salted caramel torte and the salted caramel brownie.  Can you say delicious?!!  Those were both of our favorites.  It is definitely a place to visit if you've never been there.  They are open 24/7!
5	They had me at 24-hour bakery
5	I always make it a point to stop here when I'm in Charlotte. I've never tried anything I didn't like. The sweets are impeccable and the service is generally very friendly and personable. I love the atmosphere of the cafe - vintage knickknacks line every wall with plenty of tables and couches for eating, lounging, and working.
5	If you don't like Amelie's, heaven help you! This is a sweet and pastry paradise. Tons of variety and they always add or mix up the options. They even have small portions so you don't have to feel guilty about picking out ten desserts. I've never been disappointed with anything but the tarts are my favorite.The staff is always willing to answer questions and help you pick something out. Unique French themed decor matched with a positive vibe. My only complaint is that I don't live there.
4	This place is an institution in Charlotte. The brilliant move was when they decided to go 24/7. I thought it was crazy at the time. Instead, it really simply became a safe late night haven regardless of why you were out late. I like the diversity of the crowd and the sense that I am among intelligent, sensitive and discerning people who are engaged with that element of diversity. The pastries are excellent though a bit pricey and the coffee is always good. So, the only reason for four stars instead of five is the price. I swear I think I saw their pastries on the train ride in the Hunger Games.
4	With over 350 reviews, I'm not really sure much is left to be said about Amelie's. So I'll save my eloquent writing skills for another review and just tell you to get a Chocolate Croissant.It's....Flaky. Chocolaty. Warm. Delicious. Add a cup of coffee and just sit back, and get the full experience. Take in the tons of small eclectic details and people buzzing around and you may just feel as if you're in a cafe is Paris! Okay...maybe not Paris....but I really liked this place and I'll definitely be back!
3	First visit was great. I have no idea what I had then, but tonight was VERY poor. The macarons were trash, just horrible, and that is where they went immediately. They had great flavor, but were so incredibly dry and old they should have never been sold and certainly not on display. Unfortunately the salted caramel brownies were over cooked and the caramel applied to the brownie after it cooled- so it separated as soon as you started eating. Again tasted good but the texture and experience were poor.Maybe just an off night but I didn't get that sense.
4	This place is BUSY all the time. They have nice little seats around the place. Very Hipster friendly and the theme is very artsy fartsy modern.They've got a large selection of goodies but you have to try the SALTED CARAMEL BROWNIE!
1	OK, this is my first visit here and to be honest I was not really impressed. First the area around the bakery is a scary area of town. it is absolutely horrible with train tracks and worn down buildings and homes. I have been told that NODA is a hipster central but I really do not see it that way. it is not swanky at all and its pretty close to central avenue in appearance.As far as the bakery goes we had Chesse croissonts, apple turnovers and regular croissants and it was just OK. There was nothing out of the ordinary with regards to the food we ordered. we had a major problem with the lady at the counter as she was giving our order just cold and when I asked her " Are you not going to warm it for us" she retorted "Oh you want this warmed up" as if a cold Croissaont tastes so much better than a warm one.. Duh..Also all our food was served by the server in 1 plate when the order taker knew it was for two and a second empty plate had to be requested..The seating here is also limited and it feels very congested as one of the tables next to the ordering counter are in the way of people standing in line to order their food.Overall not a pleasant expereince from all the congestion, lack of good service from the questions etc and we were not at all impressed..Since we live in the North side of town we would certainly not return to this worn down area of town to eat in this not so impressive bakery..
5	Our family friend introduced us to Amelie's a few years ago when she came by with a box of delectable desserts to cheer my family up while my mom was undergoing chemo for breast cancer.  That was the first time I had the salted caramel brownie.  It was perfection, not only for the taste and texture, but for the uplifting power it had during a difficult time in my life.Since then, every subsequent trip to Charlotte involves the obligatory stop here.  It's nice to eat there and take-in the French bistro vibe, when a table is available, but we usually grab and go enjoy in the comfort of my mom's house.  There's always a line, but it's good because that gives me time to oogle the display window and decide what else to try along with the salted caramel brownie.  The macarons are HUGE - more to love and savor.  I've also bought some mini tarts to give to friends that I visit in NC or to take back with me to Chi.The only snafu I've experienced here is being accidentally overcharged for a large order of salted caramel brownies.  The cashier misunderstood and charged me for an extra 4 brownies (he also didn't open the box to count himself).  It was partially my fault for not double checking the bill and correcting it right after.  However, that hasn't stopped me for coming back for more.  I also love the name, which is the same name as my all-time favorite movie!
4	The decor is cozy and hipsterish, the staff is friendly and its open 24hrs, what a treat!I tried the salted caramel brownies, pistachio torte, and the salted caramel macaron. I think calling the salted carmel brownie, a 'brownie' it's a bit of a misnomer. It's really more like a bar. Half delicious salted caramel and have crispy chocolate cake. Very sweet and very good.The pistachio torte was my favorite purchase. Slightly sweetened pistachio crumbles and thin layers of vanilla cake and a rich dark chocolate layer. I wish I bought more of these to bring back to ny.The macaron was well made and comparable to my favorite macaron spot in ny (bisous ciao).
5	The food and quality here is amazing. The salted caramel brownie is incredible. I also love the cream cheese puffs too. Heck, everything here is good. Just be careful when you go because a long line is not uncommon.
4	Sweet, sweet Amelie's.  This is a great place to go when you don't know what you want for dessert.  The hours are awesome (11PM pastry run, anyone?) and the pastry case is beautiful.  We really love their cream puffs and salted caramel brownies.  So far, we haven't eaten anything that's sicky-sweet.  Their little bite-sized tarts are delicious and they offer a variety.  The macarons are pretty (around eight options) but I really haven't found a macaron I adore (here or anywhere).  We've never done it, but this looks like a cozy spot to sit and read with a coffee and dessert...check out the back room - you'll be impressed with how big and colorful it is.
1	Mediocre food with extremely horrible service. The staff was not only rude to the customers, but were fighting with each other. The guy who took our order had a chip on his shoulder and treated us as if we were annoying him. He didn't listen to my order and when I told him he messed up, he told me that he already placed my food in the oven...kinda a "oh-well" to it. The baked goods were not good enough for me to come back and deal with all of the negativity that was in that place tonight. I'm sorry Amelie's but you have lost yet another paying customer.
4	The weekend I moved to Charlotte, my buddy and I decided to get some brunch and were pleasantly surprised by the quality and deliciousness of what is on offer here.  It was early but there was already a line forming which is a testament to how popular the place is. We ordered a few sandwiches, some coffee and some pastries and all of them were fantastic and the decor positively compliments the food. Would highly recommend this place!
5	MORE PLEASE Times a million! I heard so much about their salted caramel brownies I just had to try it on my trip passing. Yes ma'am and yes sir. I'm not one for lines but this is a place where I will make exceptions. They were THAT good!Also had the chicken salad on crossiant. The best part about a bakery that makes their own croissants is they come out sandwich ready. Flaky,delicious...And wifi!! Must come back because the mini sweet potatoe cake deliciousness makes me want more this second.
5	My favorite place for french press coffee and dessert. I LOVE that it's open 24/7 so I can get my fix whenever necessary. Great place to hang out with friends, study, or read a book. Get the salted caramel brownie...you'll thank me for this.
2	Only giving this place 2 because there's a good atmosphere to it. It's a great place to get some studying done or a get together with a friend. The desserts do not live up to the hype and overpriced. The only thing I actually like is the blossom honey iced tea.
2	I came here today for breakfast hoping to get some of their delicious quiche but they were out. Instead I got a sausage egg and cheddar sandwich on a croissant. I was informed it was 75 cents extra for them to scramble the egg, which I thought was pretty ridiculous. The total cost of my sandwich and small coffee was almost 8 dollars which is quite a bit more than what I pay at other places around town. When I got my sandwich it was pretty small and the croissant was so dry that when I bit into it it fell apart into flakes on the plate and was impossible to eat. Very disappointed in this experience overall. I did mention this to one of the workers and he did offer to get me something else so that is appreciated but I think they need to make a few changes with their breakfast sandwiches.
5	I wish they had these in every town like McDonalds is. Amelies is the bees knees, I get a Napoleon every time I come in. And its filled with French items such as paintings and other art work. I never eat in because they're always busy and it gets really noisy. Staff has always treated me well and very knowledgeable about their products. Recommend to anyone who hasn't had it!
4	WOW!!! We found this place by driving through NoDa and just stumbled in to check out the pastries.  As soon as I walked in , the line wrapped around to the back of the room!  I wish we have one in Richmond, Va!  It's a bit pricey, but doesn't hurt to indulge.
5	I've been a fan of this place for a bit now but didn't write a review because...well...everyone already knows it's amazing. BUT. Today I ordered a chai tea latte for the first time. And it's got to be one of the best I've ever had. I'm always searching for good chai tea lattes, because a lot of places just don't know how to make them. But this! I'm in love. Bravo, Amelie's! You never cease to impress me.
4	Can't believe I am just now writing about Amelie's. With hundreds of reviews... what's really left to say? Let's do this the Nikki way.Morning, afternoon, night, 4AM (Yes, I use to go here at 4AM all the time. Life of a former bartender), this place always has a crowd. People watching in the middle of the night = fantastic. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, snack, sugar craving, coffee run, middle of the night soup... this place does it all.My personal favs: salted caramel brownies (I dream about them), chocolate croissant, spinach asparagus leek soup (all the soups are fantastic), mushroom tartine, turkey and brie sandwich. You really can't go wrong with anything here. Parking alert for Wednesdays: it's NoDa Run Club night so it's pretty insane in this area. I avoid it all costs.Amelie's is one of the many reason I miss living in NoDa. However, I think my waistline and wallet are happy I'm no longer just blocks from here.
4	I come here for the fruit tarts which are the best in my opinion. Cozy place to have tea and coffee with friends or after dinner date. Sometimes seating and parking can be hard to come by so be prepared to be patient during busy times. The soups and chicken salad is also delicious.
1	Wanted to try this place out from the great reviews I had heard from friends. Long lines, no where to sit, overpriced pastries, and service wasn't that great..
5	My wife and I always go to Amelie's for date night. Raspberry tarts and Petit's are great. But you can't beat the salted caramel brownie.
4	Stopped in here with my family on a Sunday around 2 pm and it was packed. We had to wait in line at least 25-30 minutes to order. There is a lot of seating but with the number of people who come here you will be hard to get one! The desserts however are delicious. We sampled the vanilla filled eclaire and it was wonderful. We also sampled a mini chocolate tart and a white chocolate pistachio bite. They were both amazing, especially the pistachio. I can't wait to go back here and try some other desserts as well as some of their coffee.
4	As a coffee addict, I can be pretty critical of bakeries/coffee shops etc. Amelie's impressed me. They offer an array of hot and cold beverages that are artfully crafted but available in limited and small sizes. The ambiance is great for socializing, studying, or just sitting and people-watching. I love that it is open 24/7, 365 days a year - you can't beat that convenience! The pastries are too numerous to review individually here, but are all delicious. I have dreams about their twice-baked croissants and their Neopolitan pastries are perfect to share. They are adding more gluten-free options (like the salted caramel brownies) but right now there are only a few. Overall, Amelie's is an awesome venue for pretty much anything (you can also rent out the back rooms for bridal/baby showers etc.) and is only on an upward trajectory. I would definitely recommend it for people of all ages and walks of life :)
5	Excellent...Excellent...Excellent!
5	Great cold brew coffee! If you never had cold brew coffee you would never go back. Oh, and the pastries are Phenomenal!
2	The quality has fallin to the way side.   No more real butter cream, BUT  Grease Cream they buy in 5 gallon buckets ! !      Frozen   desserts defrosted,  STALE Brownies    this place has seen its hay day its over with Amelies,
2	After moving to the area, my SO and I were given the recommendation to check out this bakery.We made the trip over on a Sunday morning. It was a bit of a drive from where we live, but it was highly recommended.We got there and due to the early morning day/time, it wasn't busy.After a brief study of the pastry case, we made our selections. Palmiers, a couple of croissants, an eclair, and a few other things.We took our items to go in our usual practice of eating at home.The quality and taste overall was a bit "meh". It seemed like they didn't use full butter and cream that is expected from French pastries. Perhaps, lower quality substitutes? The overall conclusion was that we've had better and it wasn't really worth the trip. The layout and decor was a bit artsy and a little overdone. It seemed cluttered to us, but take into account that we are both trained to look for points of egress in an emergency. You can probably take the review with a grain of salt because I've been cooking and baking for 26 years and taught culinary for a number of those years and we've both been all over the world and had many local cuisines in our travels. Our expectations tend to be higher than most.
2	Their pastries and various desserts aren't too bad, but there are some other places that are much better.  Their coffees, however, have always been fantastic.  Tip of the hat to the various baristas!
5	This place rocks its a Artsy French Bakery with a cool laid back vibe. Its open 24 hours a day 7 days a week which makes this an awesome night spot to grab a great dessert or croissant. It also makes a really great place to study and great first date spot. One warning though if you are super hungry this is not the spot to go. The portions are small but on the other hand the prices are very reasonable.
4	Great selection of pastries. Nice dirty soy chai latte. Cool ambiance.  A very busy and happening spot in the Queen City. I'd probably hang out here if I lived nearby.
4	They are open 24/7 365! I Be prepared though, there will most likely be a line but wait isn't unbearable. The seating can be a pain, and the decor is very trendy.  The salted caramel brownies are known as their staple item which were very good!  I also had a great white chocolate latte I can't wait to go back and try more stuff.  It is a little overwhelming trying to order as their is a tons of different deserts staring at you so be prepared to rack your brain!
4	A piece of paris in Noda. Yummy pastries good drinks and art everywhere. Great place to catch up with friends.
4	I must admit, I do love this place! Best as it gets around here, esp after having macaron withdrawals from places like LA and Boston. Best thing about it? They're open 24/7! Any time i'm in NC I always stop by on my way home to SC. Typically they don't fail me. I've been satisfied 90% of the time, but the last time I was there the quality of the macarons definitely dropped. One of my favorite things to get are the salted caramel brownies, they're to die for. Matter of fact, I want one now (:Cute arrangement and decor. Seems to attract a lot of college kids, but I like the atmosphere nonetheless. I always go pretty late and it's always busy. Very hard to find parking and guaranteed a line inside. I take my goodies to go, so I have nothing to say about seating. Will I be going back? Most definitely!
3	I liked it, have been several times; however, recently, I have heard they treat their employees very poorly and so I more than likely will not frequent here again
4	While in the area I had to stop here and I am glad I did. Loved the shabby chic kind of decor. It was busy & some items were sold down, but we got the salted caramel brownie, almond cakes & a chocolate raspberry tart. Love love loved them all especially the almond cake, but I am a sucker for almond paste :) cake was really moist and almondy. I was disappointed that there were only 3 flavors of macarons that day but C'est la vie. All in all a great place.
5	5 stars for my Napoleon and coconut macaroons. 0 stars for the customer service. Some of the pastries aren't labeled and when I asked about a specific one I was told: "it's just a brownie". Gee, thanks, pal. The cashier made us feel bad for wanting Seagrams ginger ale instead of Boylans; saying Seagrams had no ginger in it. Also, I asked for extra milk in my cafe au lait only to be asked, "do you just not want coffee in it?". I don't get the elitist coffee culture happening. Atmosphere is bizarre, the place looks like a modge podge of leftover furniture and arts and crafts projects gone wrong. Overall, don't ask questions and get a dessert to go.
5	I love coming here after dinner or a night out!  Great desserts and cute decor! Good date place too! I usually get a few things when I'm here to take home and enjoy these baked goodies for the next few days.
5	I know there has been a lot of a controversy lately over Amelie's, let them sort it out internally. They have a fantastic location in Rock Hill, SC, in a renovated bank building. On one of the corners in Old Town, it fits right in with the Old Town feel. We've been there a couple of times recently for take home, have had their Lemon & Raspberry Tarts, the Chocolate Mousse cup with a chocolate-dipped strawberry on top, and the Pate sandwich. Everything has been excellent. The Pate sandwich, a simple treat of pate and cornichons on a buttered baguette was perfect. Very light and the baguette was delicious. The desserts, as you would expect from a proficient French bakery, were decadent and amazing.Their service is great - everyone is very friendly and ready to help as soon as you walk in the door. Their attitude shows that they care about their customers, and that is a great thing to see.Rock Hill location is highly recommended (I haven't been too the other two locations). :)
5	What's better than a 24/7 bakery? Nice hipster atmosphere. Can get a bit loud though. They added in a cute self made photo booth in the back (beyond the restrooms). I didn't care for macarons too much until I had the raspberry one! The jam filling was equally balanced with a bit of tartness and sweetness. I ALWAYS get the chocolate mousse. Nice dark rich chocolate with a tart strawberry on top to wash it down. They also freeze everything as just let it thaw, so if you want to just take it to go for later, just ask for the frozen ones.
3	This was on my list of "must hit" places during our very short stay in Charlotte, so despite the fact that it was pouring rain, we took a bus from uptown to get there.  Arrived around 10:15 on Saturday morning only to learn that...gasp...they had no almond croissants.  MAJOR bummer.  Decided to try an apple turnover, which was pretty mediocre, and got a cheese danish and chocolate & almond croissant to share the next morning.  The cheese danish was decent, not great, and the croissant was excellent.  If we had only ordered the chocolate & almond croissant, I would most likely be giving a 4-star rating.  Maybe there are other "wow" items that we just didn't select...not sure...or maybe we're spoiled having been to Paris & other excellent French bakeries in the States.
1	"too sexy for Milan, too sexy for New York and Japan"That old 80's song pops into my head every time I walk into this place. It's so hip it hurts. It's been riding the wave for several years, based solely on being the only "French" cafe in town, not counting Cafe Monte, another faux French establishment. It's also located in a "very edgy" part of town, meaning there are non-white people on the streets.The coffee and pastries are nothing special. You'd think they were ambrosial given some of the reviews but you can get better at Whole Foods. Even so, I'd still make the drive, except for the abysmal service, as it does make a nice change from the claustrophobic suburban paradise that is Charlotte. It can take them upwards of 30 minutes to make a sandwich. Heaven forbid that you should ask that your pastries be boxed, rather than crammed into a bag. Yes, you say, but it's a French bakery, doesn't the attitude go with it? Frankly, no. I've been to French patisseries, in France, in US and European cities. I've yet to encounter the attitude I've experienced at Amelie's.Go if you are bored out of your mind, as it is open 24/7, but don't make a special trip for the food. It really isn't that special.
5	I love this place, pastries are always fresh and many choices to choose from.  I love their ecclectic environment and the fact that they are 24 hours.  Their macaroons are the best in my opinion. Ive tried many different places and always still fall back to Amelie's.
5	I love their hot chocolate. It's amazing. Turkey and Brie sandwich is yummy too.Beautiful atmosphere!
4	I always go for the chocolate mouse. It has a very rich dark chocolate flavor with a tart strawberry on top to balance. There is a nice selection of macarons. The ambience is very hipster yet, you'll see many different types of people. It's a place that brings people together for what everyone loves most, sweets!
5	great place to meet and enjoy wonderful food!
5	I tried their salted caramel French soda and the spinach leek soup. Both were delicious and the soup was exactly what you would expect: creamy, and comforting. I'm doing a week without gluten and went there to see what options they had ( I knew they would) as far as treats go. I got their coconut macaroons and they were so yum! A little too sweet for me but that's fine because I was satisfied with just one. Amelie's is off the chain.
5	Love this little hidden nook! Such a great place to hang out and spend quality time with friends!
5	Just the best place for desserts. Just be aware they do get a long line. I love the samll cakes for one or two.
3	I have been to the Davidson location over 10 times and yes, I must like it if I keep going back but I have to say that the last couple of times the eating area was very dirty.  I realize the crowd combination turnaround time may lend itself to tables not being cleaned off, but last time it felt just plain grimy.  The Asparagus Leek or Spinach leek soup is always excellent.  The salted caramel brownies are superb.  If they would do a deep cleaning and employ a few extra people to wipe down tables it would really be a big help!  I have ordered a graduation cake which was wonderful and worth the $70.00 price tag.
5	Tasty pastries, coffee, and wonderful atmosphere!
5	Best place in charlotte for a first date. Great food and atmosphere. Perfect place to sit and chat.
4	Ever since my wife and I got back from Paris last year she can't get enough of this place. The macaroons are identical in taste and quality to what we had there. A definite must try if you've never had them before. The chocolate eclairs are also very good and aren't overly sweet and heavy like some can be. As many have commented already the Carmel brownie is excellent!  The brownie consistency is a bit more dense than what in was expecting but it really worked well with the Carmel. Their drinks are pretty stellar as well. Try the lemonade, you won't be disappointed. It's also good to know that they are open 24 hours. This may come in handy if you have a wife that's pregnant or you are fat like me and wake up dreaming of delicious deserts!  Mmmmmm brownies...
5	I love Amelie's. It is one of the first places I ever went to when I moved to Charlotte and I still get excited every time I go. Being a student when I first moved, I spent maaaaany 24 hour periods at Amelie's and we got very well acquainted. I have probably tried almost every deliciously amazing treat they serve. Their sandwiches have always been on point and I, of course, love the salted caramel brownie, macarons, chocolate croissants, and my serious obsession - the eclair. I went through a really unhealthy two weeks of eating two eclairs a day because I was so obsessed and they are THAT good. To my excitement, they opened a small little express Amelie's uptown and one treat they always have are the eclairs - thank goodness!!The decor is fun, there is plenty of seating, the people watching is great, and the coffee and treats are fantastic. I think its almost impossible to not walk out without a smile on your face, maybe a sugar coma too, but it's worth it. Only catch is that on a weekend night, expect to wait in a serious line, as its clearly always the place to be!
3	All the tasty treats I have had are delicious. Unfortunately, I rarely stay to buy something because of the line. Probably a good sign though..
4	I love the atmosphere of Amelies. It's nice to have a 24 hour spot in CLT. The coffee is fantastic and love getting the French Press. The only item I don't like are there croissants. They don't seem to have the puff pastry layered very well and there is no Almond croissant available. There is a very hard overcooked double-baked croissant with an Almond filling, but won't be ordering that again. The macaroons are wonderful, the Ecalir was perfect and of course the famous Salted Caramel brownie is the best.
4	LOVE this bakery...they have it spot on when it comes to desserts of any kind!!!! My favorite is the salted caramel brownie and the macaroons. PLUS, this place is open all night, so lots of people go to study there and hang out. Sometimes they have live music or events.
5	Great food and service! Carmel brownie is amazing. The uptown location is just as good.
4	The atmosphere is sold as French and cozy but then you get handed a boring white cup with lid and a boring plastic plate. The walls have neat lamps, chandeliers, curtains and art everywhere you look. Their chairs don't match (which I dig) but then you get a boring cup.Oh well. Guess who was looking forward to a bulky weird special cup? This girl The chai and chocolate croissant was good.
4	I love this place! When I moved to Charlotte it was the first place I visited. The macaroons are the best!
5	I haven't had a bad thing here.  The ambiance is amazing, as are the pastries, teas and coffees. I haven't had much from the full menu, but the soups are all amazing.  I always stop by when I'm in NoDa!
1	Im not sure what the fuss is all about with this place. The coffee is marginal and the baked goods... almost as good as the coffee.
4	My daughter introduced us to this bakery last night.  The display was amazing; making it difficult Not to order everything!  So, we got macaroons, croissants, caramel brownies, these little chocolate cap things, and cheese croissants.  Everyone enjoyed their orders.  We will be back for more.
4	Awesome atmosphere! A lot of pastries to choose from. Could use some more sandwich/ other options. I had a turkey and Brie sandwich which was delicious! But there were not may other non sweet treats to choose from. A great date spot or meet up w a friend
4	Deserts delight! I have always gone for the deserts there. Most loved was the Napoleon. Cream filled sandwich type desert with a crusty layer on top  (If you are not watching your weight)
5	Salted caramel brownies are my wife's favorite. I love their creme brulee- especially their mocha or coffee flavored. The ambiance is amazing for dates or just hanging out with friends. If you need a coffee shop to work in they have free wi-fi and lots of electrical outlets!
5	Great place! I've only been once, but definitely plan on going back. Even at 2 o'clock in the morning Amelie's had a line out the front door. This is a tell-tell sign that a place is worth the wait. I'm not a huge coffee drinker so I ordered a hot chocolate and a chocolate croissant. 2 thumbs up from me!
5	Closest thing to a real european bakery. The coffee is ok but the tarts and other treats are really fantastic. I have not had anything that was disappointing yet so just go for what looks good.
4	Every pastry I have tried here is good but the twice baked Chocolate, Almond and Pistachio croissants are the best to me. They also seem to sell out the fastest. If you want to make sure that you have your choice of the full selection of the pastries, it's better to go early in the morning. The evenings are the most crowded and they run out of a lot of items. They also offer breakfast sandwiches. There is a smaller location Uptown that has a more limited pastry selection. They really need to  build more of these in other parts of Charlotte too :-)
5	I worked near Amelie's for a few months and quickly got familiar with the sweets, breakfast, lunch sandwiches, soups, coffees and teas. Everything here is top notch! Honestly you could choose blindfolded from the display case and you would not be disappointed!
3	Look, I don't want to hate on Amelie's. There have been plenty of nights where I couldn't wait to get my hands on a caramel salted brownie. They're always there when you need them. Quite literally, because Amelie's never closes. It's open 24/7. If there were anything they do really well, that would be it. I have to say, however, that the quality has gone down. When I go nowadays, I'm not surprised when I get a not-so-fresh or burned eclair. It's par for the Amelie's course. And then there are all of the hipsters. You'll need to scour the premises for somewhere to sit because these guys have taken up every seat in the place. Can be a little annoying when you just need somewhere to park it for 10 mins. But no, you must inhale your baked good and coffee and then move on with life.  They have coffee, tea, sandwiches, soups, and plenty of sweets. If you get a craving around 6pm, wait 5 hours and then go to Amelie's - less people to fight through for mediocre pastries.
5	I love this place! I don't have a huge sweet tooth but I'd never pass up Amelie's. I love the fact that they're open 24/7 and you can literally go at any time of the day. The atmosphere can vary depending on what time of the day you catch them at. The pastries are always freshly made and are not too sweet. The wait staff is always fantastic and take care of customers in a timely manner.
4	Pretty much my favorite in town to grab dessert. The interior is super cute and it's definitely a great place for date night or girls night. My only thing is that now too many people go and it's too crowded..
5	Such a sweet bakery. Decor inside is beautiful. Never had a bad experience, but I will say sometimes it can be hard to find a seat. Overall amazing food. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	So So So So Good!The long line at any given time of day is annoying but shows how good this place is.  Yum!!!!!!!
4	This place is awesome!  The only downside is that it's busy.  They have more seating in an atrium area, but it is hotter than the main seating area.  The coffee is pretty good but the bake goods are outstanding.  The internet connection is reliable and free.  The cliental is mostly hipsters.  The staff is friendly and have always thanked me if I leave a tip (even if it's only a dollar).  This place is worth a visit.
2	Amelie's is really going downhill ... We used to adore this place ... Food quality, service, understaffed you say it it is gone down ... Maybe ego is the issue- maybe time for them to get a competitor so they care again. Only reason for two stars is some pastries are still yummy ... My chai latte was water downed yuck!
5	Coffee shops are my favorite places. Give me a good coffee shop, and I'll be a happy camper. I can say, without a doubt, that not only is Amelie's fantastic, but it's my favorite shop I've ever been in.Their coffee is great, but possibly superseding their beverages (including their teas and French soda), is each and every pastry I've had thus far. I'd heard reviews of their salted caramel brownie for months prior to going, and it lives up to the hype. However for me, their Napoleon is worth the drive there. Though the lines are long, the wait is unbelievably worth it. Best French pastries I've ever had.
5	My favorite of all the locations due to the ambience. I love the desserts but the creative environment is great for writing, inspiration, and people watching of course!
2	Salut Yelp! ca va? moi? Je suis bien!What can I say about Amelie? other than it's a really creepy French movie, however this is a 24 hour bakery!! 20 FREAKING 4 HOURS! I was so hyped to go here! My second night in Charlotte I had to go. I went around 11 at night, and it was pretty busy! There was a lot in the case I would have thought they would be empty. NOPE!The interior of the bakery was kinda over the top. with RB and hip hop music. I was expecting French tones. Oh well that's not the issue hereThe pricing as okay... not a fan of the pricing on the little bits. almost 2 bucks for a small that can be eaten in one chew. NO thank you! The tarts however were yummy, about 4 bucks or so which is what I would expect, in KC it would have been 5 or 6 dollars. My biggest issue, the french macaroons. The cookie was made correctly, however the filling was not. It was like they just got jelly from the store and spread it on. And the creme... was it creme?! Idk, but it was horrible! If you all every had French macaroons you know the filling is what makes the cookie. and I wasted about 12ish dollars on 5 macaroons in which I only ate1/2 of one. My gf ate 1 and we just left the rest in the hotel trashWould I come back? probably they also have a real food menu too. I've give it a try again but won't be buying the french macaroons.
3	24 Hours a day, awesome! When it comes to their sweets and pastries they are hit or miss to me. Not saying that they aren't consistent just that I have some things that are better than others.  Triple berry tart never fails. Apricot roll eh. But they have teas, coffees, and savory things. I think this place is all about what you get. If I had only tried one thing there I would not have cared if I went back or not. That being said its not a bad place its just not my favorite to die for bakery in the city.
4	Love the deserts and the soup and sandwiches, this place is definitely serving some delicious food but the long waits to purchase and hard time finding a place to seat inside is a  turn off for me.
5	Awesome little spot hidden in a shopping center lot before the main NODA area. Lots of room to sit and chill out with your coffee and delicious treat in hand. They have board games in the back room and a quiet atmosphere if you want to read or get some work done. Will definitely be back!
4	Cute, eclectic, tasty and pricey
4	Ahh so good. The line is pretty crazy and they could do to have more seating/a few larger tables, though. The croque Monsieur has a long cooking time, but is well worth it. The French lavender lemonade and the pastries are quick and SO delicious.
4	I've lived in Charlotte for quite some time, and i say this place is the spot to meet up with your friend.Let me first start off by saying there aren't many places around Charlotte where you can just meet up with your friends and chill.  This places gives you that viable option.  The convenience of a 24 hours bakery is a great idea where you can meet up if you still wanna chill after the bars and clubs.  This place is pretty fancy with discrete furniture decor and artsy decorations.  Now if were talking about the environment and ambiance of this place, i would give it a thumbs up. If were talking about the quality of food, i would say it is okay.I've had many of the desserts here from the fruit tarts to the macaroons.  To summarize the food choices here i would say its not the freshest.  I hate to bash this place but the food is just alright.  Im more use to a softer crust macroons but these are just a bit on the hard side.Would i still come here agian? Absolutely.
4	I love Amelie's. Every time I'm in Charlotte, I have to go. My favorite's are the chocolate croissant and the pecan tart!
4	Salted Carmel brownies, and coconut macaroons are my fave!! Their eclairs  are also awesome.
5	I suspect that heaven will be filled with Amelie's salted caramel brownies.  A must try for foodies.
4	This is a truly amazing bakery. Located near NoDa, this place perfectly complements the area. Although there is generally a line, it is well worth the wait. The pastries are always fresh and out of this world. Try the lemon meringue tart with raspberries! The raspberries are fresh and complement the sweetness of the tart. And of course always get a macaroon. My favourite is the orange coloured one. Cost should not matter, for it is worth every penny.
5	Everyone should go. Fun.
4	Despite their awful business practices and allegedly poor treatment of their workers, they make excellent pastries and coffee. They are also a 24 hour joint. That's really all you can ask for in a town with few other all-night eateries. I get so bogged on just the pastries and coffee I haven't even tried their sandwiches which are probably also great.My only complaint is the people. I'm a pretty antisocial person and not a hipster so everyone in the "always-longest-line-ever" line really bugs me. Just a personal thing but it still doesn't stop me from going so there's another testament to how good this place is.
4	Aaaahhhh, Amelie's.  There is no other place in Charlotte that reminds me more of home (NYC) than Amelie's.  It has an old-school East Village flair with bohemian decor and fabulous pastries.  The line is out the door most times I go, and I always plan on waiting for at least 10 minutes before I can place my order.  They even have some gluten free options!  Coffee is good, and service is pretty fast considering there's always a ton of people there.  When I am in the 'hood, we always stop for some pastries.  Definitely recommended, if you don't mind crowds and waiting a bit.
5	Amazing atmosphere and the choices were endless.  Absolutely love this place.
4	A Charlotte institution, Amelie's serves up delicious desserts, sandwiches and coffee in a hip NoDa location ... 24 hours a day. Admittedly, I've had better pastries, but not at 12:30 in the morning. While a little removed from the bustle of Uptown, it remains one of the best spots in Charlotte to satisfy that late-night craving for caffeine, sweets and free Wi-Fi. Settle down in one of their comfortable armchairs or grab a cozy table for two, order a coffee and a chocolate torte, and just enjoy the atmosphere.
3	Pros: Amelie's has great food and good coffee and tea. I've never eaten anything I didn't love here.Cons: The line is always ridiculously long. They need more cash registers and probably more staff to keep up with the influx of customers. And more seating.(This is going to make me sound like a food snob, but I'll say it anyway) Given the type of customer that Amelie's caters to, I'm surprised that there aren't more gluten free alternatives and dairy alternatives- I wish they would incorporate more of them. (They've got soy milk, but I don't think they've got anything else. Almond milk would be fantastic.)
4	What's not to love about this place? I enjoyed some great coffee and some pretty good macarons really late on a weeknight. They are pretty mediocre as far as macarons are concerned, but they hit the spot. There was a bit of a wait, but it was worth it. Even at the off time, it was hard to find a seat. They definitely need more seating. This is a great place for people watching.
4	do your self a favor and try the carmel salted brownie... O...M...G...It took me over an hour to chow down on the whole thing - overly sweet but will satisfy your sweet tooth if you have one. love the place, the seats, couches, tables its a funky place with a cool vibe... if i lived in the area i would be a regular...maybe... only maybe because the $$ will hit your pocket...
5	Latte and hot chocolate is better than Starbucks. And definitely try salted caramel brownies.
5	This place, is my little piece of heaven on earth. I am always looking for an excuse to go. I LOVE their macaroons. The salted Carmel is my very favorite. These macaroons are almost identical to the ones in Paris. I also love their lavender lemonade and other drink concoction. They have an amazing selection of other wonderful pastries. Also their soups and sandwiches are very good too.
5	Yummmm. Go here. You won't regret it. It's worth the long wait in line.
4	Good desserts and nice cool, calm atmosphere!
3	It was ok. Dropped in because we were visiting and this place came highly recommended...Tried the French Press, which was okay, Lavender macaroons were pretty tasty. Just a little disappointed there were no more coconut macaroons am a big fan of anything with coconut! Service was acceptable.
5	Loved this place. Awesome music - Joy Division/Clash etc playing. Food is so good. I had a breakfast sandwich plus took a quiche to go (heavenly). Friendly folk and the decor was great. Busy and crowded on a Saturday morning but no problem getting a seat or sharing a table. No rush to leave this comfy place.
2	Back in theday I used to love Amelies, and would make my way there once a week!  Now even with a craving, it's a chore almost to go.  I hate feeling rushed and overwhelmed.  No one wants to be pressured into purchasing the wrong thing.  I'm not saying that I need 30 mins to to make a choice but jeeze is like an assembly line.  They NEED to figure out a more effective layout of the dessert area/line etc. I'm sure it's possible!  It's hard especially when you invited someone thats never been before and they can't order because you either can't see anything or asking questions seems to be annoying to them now!
4	Some of the best deserts in Charlotte, plus since its open late you can crave that sweet tooth appetite at any time. Atmosphere is very eclectic and you are bound to run into some interesting characters.
1	So I was meeting with a client who directed me to this location. From first glance, I love the sentiment behind the "love lock" But then I went inside to order before my meeting so I walked in with 2 people in front of me. Before I knew it I had been standing there for 10 minutes when a cashier says, "I'll take the next person in line. When I start to approach she says, "no ma'am those people were in front of you. She then proceeds to tell me where the line starts which is NOT clearly posted at the entrance.  Should care less how long I had waited.  Looking astonished I just found the nearest exit and left. So I can't speak on the food but customer service was down right rude, uninviting,  and callus.  Will not be returning!
5	I will start by saying I am glad I live far from this place!, 2 reason: I will be over-weight and have diabetes(Not to offend anyone). But this place is FABULOUS!.Every time I try a different pastry but I ALWAYS get and assorted order of French Macaroons. Their cold drinks are very refreshing and Bistro menu is great and tasty. The negative... space. Because is a very popular place it will usually be crowded. To add to the space problem there is a bunch of unusual item (night stands, mannequins) that don't really add decor but take up space. So the place feels a bit claustrophobic and restraint, well don't let that ruin the experience to enjoy what could be THE best pastries in town.
3	I brought my family here and let's just say, as soon as we walk into the bakery, the line was REALLY long... but the case and rows of pastries caught my eye - they were so appealing and just look so delicious. I can say that, i mustve started at the display case for at least 10 minutes before realizing, the line starts all the way at the other side of the bakery. It really didnt take long for the line to move- so that was good.As far as the pastries -ehhh. They are ok, Macaroons was all right, I think, our pastry chef here at works does a way better job. All I can say is SALTED CARAMEL BROWNIE - if you havent tried anything in this bakery, THIS IS THE GO TO ITEM! i am in love with this dessert.Besides the long line, a-ok macaroons. They made up for the salted caramel brownie. I will be back just for that.
3	My reputation for copious sugar consumption apparently has not preceded me all the way to Amelie's, when advised: "wow, someone's going to be doing extra laps"Thanks for the sugar-shaming but it's been forever since I'd last been here & I'll definitely admit my eyes were bigger than my stomach.....but shouldn't that have made you happy at the big sale, instead of making me feel guilty about purchasing so much?  Plus, I'm a now & later kind of girl so this lasted me for days.......But my bigger lesson learned, was that I should reread my own reviews b/c I got sucked into delish-looking treats that actually weren't as delish-tasting as they appeared.....& then I saw I had tried them before & made note to skip.  Oh well, lesson reinforced!  Here was this visit's damage:Salted Caramel Brownie - the brownie layer continues to remain very thin & grainy from the sugar - it hadn't fully dissolved in the baking process & combined w/ the soft caramel layer, the overall effect was grainy & greasy - will def pass on this next timePeach Tart - looking forward to being peach season, I didn't read my note about there being little peach flavor & the 1st assessment still held true - there was an abundance of lemon & hardly any peachBrownie-Salted Caramel Chocolate Torte - this was a new indulgence for me & it was phenomenal!  Take a blondie brownie w/ chocolate chips ( or a toll house bar cookie, if you will ) & put a layer of whipped cream in between, then add a small salted-caramel layer on top & you're talking 1 seriously delish torteCream Cheese Muffin - the pastry part was nice & flaky & crumbly.  More cream cheese would have made this even betterSticky Bun - the caramelized topping had hardened to the point it was like a toffee candy.  Would have preferred much more goo!Twice-baked croissants - there was only 1 left by the time I got there & the croissant was not crispy or flaky at all - it had been over-saturated by whatever liquid they soak it in before the 2nd "bake" so it was flavorful but not really almondy or croissant-likeSo for the off-day pastries ( my unwise choices ) & the snarky comments, this experience was just an A-OK
4	Amelie's is great!  I have been here so many times and am always willing to make the drive to get my sweet fix.  I have loved everything I've tried, with the salted caramel brownie being the only exception that sticks out.  For some reason it just didn't do it for me- I think it was just way too dense and sweet.  I love the eclairs, the little mini pie thing with raspberries on top (I'm not quite fancy enough to know the official name) and the apple turnovers.  Their drinks are good too- I usually go with the chai tea or the lemonade.  I have really only been at nighttime, but it is always crowded and hard to find a seat.  I agree with a poster below- they could take out some of the eclectic decorations and make room for more seating inside.  I'm not a big fan of the atrium because it gets so loud and stuffy but it'll do in desperate times.  This is a great place to catch up with friends, get some work done (as long as you have headphones) or grab and go!
5	This place would be great because of the atmosphere alone - a great, electic spot with a wide range of seating options, from couches to bistro tables to longer tables that work for groups. The only downside is that it's crowded, so getting the "right" spot for you can be a little tricky. But once you add the amazing pastries, the atmosphere is almost a non-event. There aren't many places in Charlotte with this kind of selection. From dainty, low-guilt treats to huge pieces of cake, they have all the pastries you could ask for. The "savory" options are more limited and basic, but also very yummy if that's what you're looking for.
2	How much of this is made in house? Looking into the kitchen and seeing the sea of teenage to barely twenty faces makes me think that most of it is. Tasting the Macaroons, which are thick and stick to your teeth makes me think most of it is. Eating the salted caramel (the most popular item? this unbalanced, too sweet piece of poo? really?) while the caramel turned to liquid makes me think most of it is. The coffee is forgettable. The mediocre sandwiches take forever. The service is friendly.Someone! Please! Open a patisserie that doesn't suck.
4	My little brother's wife was determined to take me to this French bakery, and I must admit it was my speed.  I ordered a mini lemon, raspberry tart and a "create your own" sandwich.  I chose the croissant for bread, the turkey for meat, and mozzarella for cheese. Although the sandwich was not filling and there was not an opportunity to order anything with it other than French pastries, I could not complain.  Everything was fresh, and I spent $9.00 including my bottle water.  The atmosphere was quirky and no two things seem to match which emphasized the quirkiness.  The lady who served the pastries was well-educated about the pastries, friendly, and full of "I love my job" kind of energy. By the time I arrived with my party of three at 11:08 pm, the line had snaked to the back of the establishment. Even though the line was rather intimidating, it moved fairly quickly, and that was impressive to me.When my turkey and mozzarella croissant was ready, a server was calmly walking around looking for me.  Once again, impressed.  Final thoughts:  I will go back the next time I am visiting in Charlotte, NC.
5	Love the atmoshere and desserts, it is such a cute little place,I felt like I was in a magazine as a journalist.  The prices are reasonable as well. I will be visiting many times.
5	This place is AMAZING.I was in Charlotte for an overnight business trip and had found rave reviews about this place before going... I ended up going because they were open late (this location is open 24 hours!). Upon walking in around 8:30 p.m. on a Sunday night, I was surprised to see a line about 20 people long. Luckily, it went very quickly. Great staff, very helpful.I had a blueberry lemonade, which was incredible... along with some chocolate/cinnamon macarons and the famous salted caramel brownie. It was the perfect sweet treat for a late night. They offer lots of sandwiches and soups as well, but I had already had dinner... I can't recommend this place enough!!Moral of the story, if you walk in and see a line out the door--just wait it out. It's worth it.
4	WOW. what a diamond in the roughthe inside is quirky and fun, the baked good omg the baked goods! the salted caramel brownie still has me drooling a bitthe houseblend coffee was really great tooseating can be a bit hard to find so just be prepared or go outside to the atrium ( its covered) and grab a table
5	Unbelievable dessert and their salted caramel brownie is to die for!  Expect a line, that is how good they are!
5	This is the best bakery in NC. Hands down. The atmosphere, decor, and ambience is like none other!! Me and my boyfriend discovered this little gem and were blown away! The prices are phenomenal for the quality of dessert you are getting. The caramel brownie torte was amazing!! Also, the bite sized cream desserts were incredible too!! I will absolutely be coming back tons!!
4	great spot for lunch!! I love their style and super cozy atmosphere
4	Best french bakery in Charlotte hands down.
4	For the occasional sweet cravings - this is the place- expensive but, definitely worth to go there. The varieties what you get and what you can try is simply amazing. You will not be disappointed.
3	My review will be more for those who are visiting Charlotte, and more exposed gourmet restaurants or bakeries. I will give this place 4 starts if they don't name it as a French bakery; more likely southern french style.. I ordered some tarts, macaroons, Napoleon and salted caramel brownie. Their macaroons are by far the worst macaroons I have ever had; however it doesn't mean that it is not edible. I am a huge macaroon fan and sometimes order them from France. I know what good macaroons are, but theirs is just too hard just sweet flavor.  Their salted caramel brownie was the best among the pastries that I have ordered. I think this place is the best bakery in Charlotte but I am not a fan.
4	I love the eclectic atmosphere. ..I also love the assortment of desserts!! The lines are loooong but it moves pretty fast. My favorite sweet is the Salted Caramel Brownie. .soooooo yummy!!!!
3	Amelies is one of my favorite places to go in the Charlotte area. It is different, always open, and I love to go just to try something new. My only concern is that it could be cleaner. Almost every time I have ever been to Amelies the tables haven't been cleaned. My only suggestion would be to have someone constantly sweeping and wiping down tables or just checking the atrium/inside for dirty floors and tables. Honestly who wants to eat somewhere that doesn't feel clean?I also wonder about how long some of the treats are sitting in the display.  I went yesterday and ordered a croissant from the display and it was dry and hard. I also tried four different macaroons but all except for one tasted like it had been sitting for a while so it had a weird and stale after taste. Great idea in this place but needs way more of a managerial touch.
3	i was very pleased with the decoration it was someones living room. The dessert looked really pretty but,it was not that great at all. The caramel salted brownie was grainy and the caramel was very thick . i did however have a brae and turkey sandwich and that was the best part of my meal it was very plain just how i like it. i could see my self here again mostly because i think this is the only 24 hour place in town.
1	I ordered a cake for my dad's birthday from this establishment. I was so excited about it because since moving to Charlotte everyone has ranted and raved about this place. It was far from satisfying. I ordered their strawberry vanilla type cake. It had some fancy name and the ingredients also sounded super fancy so I ordered it. I ordered it to serve 6 people. They suggested getting one that severed up to 10 people so I did. It costed about $35 and I ordered it to be picked up on a Friday. On Wednesday I called to see if I could get it a day early and they said that most likely wasn't possible but they would try and call me if they could. I never got a call that's fine I ordered it for Friday so that was my doing. Well when I picked it up it looked amazing. Beautiful and delicious. Well not the case. Once we sang happy birthday and my dad blew out the candles we cut into it. The icing fell off as if it had been frozen for a few days on there. The cake was  dry so dry as in my mom has to mix in vanilla ice cream that we had to make it less dry. I was so disappointed. I was thinking of calling and complaining but I didn't because I don't like to complain. But I felt the need to write a review. Maybe they made the cake early and left it in the freezer or maybe their cakes are dry and flavorless. I don't know but I won't be going back.
4	I love the overall theme of Amelie's! The Parisian cafe decor was adorable and I especially loved the mix matched tables and chairs. The pastries were delicious but I didn't like the ordering process. There was a long line and multiple cases of sweets. There was only one employee running between each of the cases to assist each patron. The prices were good and the iced coffee was the real gem of Amelie's. SO GOOD! I also loved that they had soy milk since so many places don't.
1	so confused?don't get food here.. i knew it wasn't a good idea but it was labor day so everywhere was closed and we had no choice!the roasted veggie salad= disgusting. the 3 pieces of squash tasted like it had been made 2 weeks ago and put in the fridge. it was cold and gross. friend's spicy thai soup was sweet not spicy, no flavor, waterynow on to the baked goods.. maybe because it was labor day? so confused.the chocolate croissant was so hard so dry and had very little chocolate inside. tried the mini fruit tart, pecan pie tart, salted caramel brownie. none amazed me.also, three out of the employees behind the counter had no idea what anything was. when i asked about the desserts they were clueless.SO disappointed . maybe it's a good thing so i won't crave it and go all the time. maybe it depends what time of the day you go? still confused.
4	Came here on my weekend trip to Charlotte. Cannot believe this place is open 24/7. Hipster vibe; feels like you are in someone's living room. Great selection of pastries. Ordered the Napoleon as I don't see if often in shops as well as a baguette sandwich. Great time to spend the afternoon with a friend or solo!
4	Lived up to the hype!  Me:Salted caramel brownie-yeah, just do it.  Unreal.Roasted veggie salad-nice side salad with fresh roasted veggies and a delicious feta dressing.  My body needed greens and it hit the spot.Half Mushroom Tartine-Favorite thing I ate.  Delicious mushrooms covered in melted cheese on crusty buttered bread.Husband had a roast beef and cheese sandwich on a croissant.  It was absolutely delicious and the croissant was perfectly flaky and buttery.We will return. What a great little spot!!
4	I've always been a huge fan of this cute little cafe-esque place. Great place to study (in the back away from the long a** line for desserts), and delicious tarts! The decor in the bakery reminds me of a french cafe, but surrounded with random artifacts and pieces of history, like Cracker Barrel does with their franchise. I HIGHLY recommend the fruit tarts (strawberry, blackberry, or both!) and the lemon and strawberry shortcake marcarons! They make them perfectly every single time, and always have different flavors to choose from. Next time though, as a coffee addict, I will definitely try their lattes! Hopefully I can update on that later this year ;)
1	Walked in and asked for a doppio.  Response was 'Dope-what' and walked out.
4	I honestly wish I hadn't been so awe struck so I could have remembered to take photos. This bakery was amazing! My macaroons were perfect. The tea was delicious and the customer service was on point. Honestly something anyone in town should see.I can't wait to go back the next time I'm in NC.
3	Amazing Atmosphere. Nice place to hang out with Friends.Didn't like the Macarons over here as much as I like them. The best one I had in georgetown, washington dc.
3	Excellent coffee (and chai) and service, BEAUTIFUL pastries made in-house.  Pastries are delicious, light, and not overpoweringly rich.  Sandwiches are good, but portions are small, so count on it being more of a snack than a full meal (which is often what I'm looking for).  Possibly on the pricey side for their food items.
5	Realllllyyyy great place perfect for getting a bite to eat from early morning to late late night!!! I mal this a destination after going out with friends for a delicious end to the night. Most definitely recommend for others
4	Amelie's is a great French Bakery and Cafe. They have a nice selection of sweets and pastries. We love the eclairs and palmiers. The palmiers are buttery and flaky with the right amount of sweetness. The macarons are also good. They have the right crunch and chewiness, the "feet" of the macarons are beautiful. For the fillings, there are a lot of jellies and one had a really soft frosting that was almost like whipped cream, not a lot of the traditional thicker cremes. For years I was spoiled living and working down the street from a 'Lette macaron boutique so I'm picky with macarons. I haven't been able to find decent macarons in Charlotte, so it's nice to know I can go to Amelie's. I had the coconut-passion fruit cake and it was ok. The frosting was too buttery for my liking and didn't have much flavor. That being said, it's just one item out of so many other delicious items. The space is charming and the staff is kind. We will definitely be back!
5	Always open & always fantastic.The potato leek soup is a must try.My favorite sandwich is the Seeded Roast Beef. Mmmmm!Salted Carmel Brownie is a great choice as well.The high speed wifi is much appreciated; making Amelie's Bakery a great place to work for a few hours.Always hits the spot late night too!
3	For some reason, Amelie's is like a legend in Charlotte. Frankly, I don't know why - probably because it's one of the non-fast-food places that's open 24 hours. Or perhaps it's simply because it's not a chain, when so, so many places in the area are, and you have to respect that.But while I can appreciate that, and those salted caramel brownies are rather tasty, the place itself isn't all that impressive. There is barely room to navigate up near the counter, and unless you grab your sweet treats to go, you don't have room to hang out if you bring someone along - and after all, why go if you can't tell someone about the place?To make matters worse, the staff working there isn't the friendliest bunch, perhaps because while there are plenty of said sweets to indulge upon, and the salted caramel brownies are legendary in these parts, the rest is a bit ho-hum. Get past them and there isn't much other than a few knick-knacks that could have come from the going-out-of-business sale from Central Perk.
5	Friends and I decided to hang out in NODA at 36th Street, as we sat in the atrium we decided to go to Amelie's French Bakery from the atrium, we thought great no lines, NOT, the line was out the door, I love the treats and the she crab soup, awesome 24 hours, bring your laptop.  If you are on a diet, leave it at the DOOR.
4	Stopped by for dinner, and ended up having dessert only, so that I can try several of their creations. While the chocolate croissant and eclair were on par with any other decent French bakery that I have been to, the salted caramel brownie was absolutely sublime. Granted, it's only for those that have a sweet tooth, but the taste, texture, look, and smell, were all top notch. The interior is eccentric and fun with ample seating, there's chilled water available with cups, and the staff were great. Would highly recommend it!
5	Amazing pastries and seasonal items! A variety of tea options. A good spot for studying or late night snacks. Would recommend this spot for sure!
4	Amelie's is a night place. Get a cake and a coffee and your good for the whole night. I saw many students studying over here at night. I love this place. Great ambience . Feels like home.
5	I absolutely adore everything about this place! The decor is so interesting. Every room is different! Make sure you go the whole way around! Cafe area seems small, but it is deceiving, because it loops around! The Macaroons are good enough to get you out of bed! Salted Carmel brownies! Enough said about that! Bring your friends and enjoy a cup of coffee out on the patio and enjoy the fall weather that's coming!!
3	Tarts..... unimpressive- I had apple and peachMousse...... Heaven in a cup, a definite buy at a reasonable cost!Blueberry Lemon mouse cake thingies,- much ado about noting- Final opinion- unless you're already in the area, skip this place
2	My two stars are for the decor and ambiance which are both quite cool.  There is an assortment of pastries behind the glass and decided to try a few.  Major disappointment!!  Pastries seemed stale with no flavor and the prices weren't cheap.  I did enjoy the artistic and unique touches around the place and think it would do much better as a gift shop instead of bakery.
5	I mean obviously not as good as going to France but I will say I got the same pastry here that I ordered in Paris and it was a very good local option. Also a positive that they are open 24 hours so whenever the craving hits you can go get a coffee or a tasty pastry. Never had a sandwich there but will definitely have to try that next time.
5	So so so so good. The chicken salad on a wonderful croissant is so yummy...not to mention all of the pastries that they offer. Always a tough decision on what to get but it is ALWAYS good.
5	Amelie's is about as close to a French bakery as you'll find within 100 miles.   Their food is fresh,  enticing, and delicious.   The NoDa location is the original,  complete with 24 hour service and a bohemian vibe.  This funky place that will have you wishing bon voyage to Paris!
1	Got Amelie's Yet?
5	24/7 bakery with boat loads of sweets. What could be bad about this?
5	This place has unique character to it! Best thing it is open 24*7, and you can find variety of wonderful choices and can have amazing time with your special someone or in a group. Would love to go back!
4	I went back and got the fruit tarts and chocolate cinnamon & pistachio macarons. Friends I shared with said they were all super delicious! I tried a bite of the peach tart and it was good! Loved the crust and almond creamy base. The staff members were definitely more helpful this time. Labor Day must've been an off day.
4	Excellent pastries, solid espresso. Went for a birthday party which was in the Versailles room in the back. Awesome decor. Overall a great experience, minus one star for the server. Seemed to be overcharging on a couple of things and sorta ruined the end of the night, even called security because he felt "threatened". Man up dude. Not the way to treat guest spending good money. Saw a ton of young people with their laptops just hanging out, studying, etc. Seems to be a poppin spot to take a date or just hang out in general. The line was crazy. It was to the back on a Saturday at like 7pm. They definitely make a killing here. Worth coming back. Try the sandwiches, the croissants were super soft and flaky. Delicious
4	I dig hanging out here. I am a fan of anything open all hours of the day. When you walk into Amelie's there is a homely feeling that makes me want to order half of the pastries from the case and post up in the living room (a personal fave chill spot) forever. I work here on occasion when the office walks start to wear on me. It's also a super good late night hang out after a show at the Evening Muse. A neighborhood gem.
4	After wondering in NoDa area, which is really smaller than expected, I walked in this famous restaurant, and had a piece of creamy cheese croissant and queshi, they are so yummy. The Croissant with sweet and sour taste creamy cheese is a fresh appetizer. The Queshi, my first time to try is crispy outside and soft inside.
4	I've been to Amelie's several times, and though it is a bit of a calorie splurge, I've enjoyed it every time!  My husband and I have split the turkey croissant, the lemon raspberry tart (a favorite), the petite gateaux (so heavenly), and I've made any number of macaroons vanish without a crumb of proof! Their coffee is not my favorite, but (full disclosure here) the coffee is NOT why I go to Amelie's!  I've also purchased birthday cakes here... SO amazingly done... I requested a large (cake-sized) version of the petite gateaux, and they were more than happy to oblige... great place to go anytime as they are always open! :D j'adore!
4	Reminds me of my trip to Paris!  I'm a fan!
4	Very good sweets and treat. Very laid back place
2	Amelie's was filthy and it makes it uncomfortable to imagine eating there when everything in the building looks so unclean, including the pastry case where they store the food.
1	This was my first time eating here. The food was delicious, but it was a very small serving size for a 1/2 sandwich. I got the 1/2 turkey and Brie sandwich and cup of asparagus, leek and spinach soup. The 1/2 sandwich was smaller than my phone at about 3 inches long.  The price was $6.59 for such a small serving. While delicious, it was not worth it. I won't be back.
4	My wife and I decided to try it based on the rave reviews I'd read. I thought "hmmm, lets give it a try, I'm sure they have something low cal I'd like"...WRONG! Not only is it NOT low cal, its so darn tasty and tempting I ate my entire half sandwich and salad and then had desert...our desert bill was almost double our meal cost so we took some home for the family. We LOVED it and I plan to take my mom and aunt when they come in a few weeks.
4	Visiting Charlotte on a trip to North Calorina, and checked out Yelp for a nice fresh lunch venue, and found Amelie's. It's a quaint, casual, little restaurant with a nice selection of sandwiches, soups, and beautiful pastries. I had a Chicken Croissant Sandwich, a cup of delicious Potato Spinach Leek Soup, and a lovely glass of Lavender Lemonade (which was my favorite part). I so enjoyed it all. I'd highly recommend Amelie's.
5	Love that this place is open 24/7.  Being from the city and a college town I was use to going to places late at night to get some work done if I needed to.  Now that I'm in Charlotte 24/7 restaurant or coffee shops has been much harder to find until I came across Amelie's.  Every time I've ordered here the staff has been very friendly.  I've also never been disappointed by the food that I've been served here.
5	What can I say macaroons eclairs croissants and you have to have the chicken salad. Plus they are open 24hours love stopping here when I'm in Charlotte.
5	Hmmm where do I start!!! Desserts are freakin awesome!!!!! Give this place a try!!!
4	Rich and Tasty craving? Go here!
4	If I had written a review for Amelie's the first hundreds of times I've been, it would not have been a good one.  Literally everything I bought was way too sweet and the drinks were bland and sickly.  The only reason I'd ever be found here was because my friends would be in love with the sugary goods and it's also one of few, if any, places that are open late at night every night.  And I have no idea what happened, but the sweets that my mom wanted for her birthday were not that bad.  I would even go as far as saying they were borderline pretty darn good!  I will definitely be going back and trying some more stuff.  My regular order has always been an eclair or cream puff (but the eclair is bigger, so why would you get the cream puff), and now I've added macarons and tarts to my list of yums.  Macarons and tarts, which btw, were on my heck no list just last year because they were one of the sickly sweet things I ordered.Not bad, Amelies. Not bad.
2	Idk, it's not that great quality pastries..... And the prices make me less excited. They get a gold star for the atmosphere though.
5	Amelie's is my favorite place to work and my favorite place to get a little taste of France. I love Paris, but I've never found macaroons as good as the ones at Amelie's. Their chocolate croissants are the best in town and their turkey and brie with seasonal compote on a baguette is my favorite sandwich ever (ask for extra brie!). Everyone raves about their salted caramel brownie, and I admit, it is good. But my favorite pastry is the chocolate peanut butter petite four. They also carry Magnolia coffee, which may just be the best coffee in Charlotte.
4	Great place for tea and a crossiant while getting some work done. I spent a couple days a week here while job hunting and it was a great spot. Also a great spot for a get together. Went to a bridal shower here that was very well done.
4	Great place for a coffee and dessert after going out in Noda. I have never been for a full meal, but the menu looks really good.
3	In short: good food, decent prices, line takes a while of they're busyI stopped by Amelies on a friends recommendation while visiting Charlotte. I'm not a very big dessert/pastry person, nor had I ever really had French food, so it felt like a weird choice, but it was quite good.The line was quite long when I arrived (1:30pm on a Saturday). While in line, you go ahead and order whatever pastries you want, then at the front of the line you order drinks/other food and pay for everything. I ordered a spinach asiago tartine ($6) and a pistachio opera torte ($5). Both were good, but the tartine was barely warm by the time it reached me, which was disappointing. Finding a place to sit inside was difficult; I didn't check the outside seating at all. The atmosphere is nice. I needed a place to just sit and rest a bit before I could go to my hotel, and Amelies was perfect for that.
5	I've been twice, Saturday before 9 and Sunday around 11.  There's a bit of a line, but they try and keep it moving.  Pastry is what you want from a good bakery.  Their pumpkin with cream cheese filling is so delicious.  The salted caramel brownie was good after being in my fridge for two days (it hid on me!).  The apple turnover is flaky and tasty too.  I really appreciate this place having just moved to Charlotte a few months ago.
5	First time here. Impressed with the decor and the service. Excellent desserts, pastries and wonderful sandwiches.Great beverages too. Can't wait for the new location in Carmel commons to open
4	Decor is eclectic and very interesting.  It has a hippie, trendy, college studying vibe going on.  It reminded me a little bit like this place called the Spider House Cafe in Austin, TX, but this one is more cafe/bakery centered. The layout is very unique with a variety of little rooms and hallways, an indoor atrium connects the businesses and there is a hookah lounge and small arcade across the atrium/hallway. Again very interesting lay-out and diverse crowd too, which makes it even cooler.  Went last night with one of my friends who has been there a couple times before.  She ordered one of the 4" pecan pies and a french soda.  She's had the pecan pie before and loves them, and she let me try a bite.. it was delicious!  She was not a fan of the french soda though.  I ordered an open faced spinach & asiago on french bread, it was good, but I thought it would be more of a sandwich, so I would not order that again.  I also ordered a bowl of the pumpkin bisque, which was MAGICAL!  I would definitely order that again.  We also got a dessert to go and halved it between us, a vanilla strawberry petit gateau, which was very creamy and yummy!  Prices are definitely expensive, but it is an overall good experience.  Good ambience. Staff is friendly.  Decor is eclectic.  Food is tasty.  Fun, relaxing and quiet atmosphere.  Open 24 hours!  Diverse crowd.  Free wi-fi.
5	The bread pudding is my fav!
4	I must say, Amelie's is one of the best! I'm not from Charlotte, or even from North Carolina for that matter, so when my friend told me she was taking me to a bakery, I thought "what's so special about a bakery?" I was pleasantly surprised with the amount of choices there were. I mean they had everything! Pumpkin pies, cakes, muffins, cream puffs, croissant, french macaroons and so much more. I was also surprised that they had a breakfast and dinner menu as well. However, if you're looking for a full hearty meal, this is not the place. The dinner menu consists of soups, chicken salads and small sandwiches. The atmosphere is just awesome. A quirky twist on old french decor makes everything so inviting and warm and if you look closely, you'll find hidden messages on the walls that will make you giggle. My one piece of advice is to check the menu while standing on line or before you get there. The line itself if VERYYYY long, so once you get to the counter, just be ready to order! happy eating!!
4	Desserts! That is what you come for, that is what you return for, can't wait to try the new location in South Charlotte
2	Good and consistent.  They haven't changed much on the bakery menu in years!! Except the prices of course :/ Amelies is not a great value but it is a nice place to people watch.
5	A french bakery open 24/7, what a niche filler in Charlotte.  We are lacking sooooo much in super late night eats and love that you can always count on these guys to be there.Get the caramel brownie.  There I said it.  You'll thank me later, but lets just get that out of the way.  What else you may want is up to you.  Plenty of soup, tartines, and sandwich options.  The soups change daily, so I can't really recommend any one in particular.  As far as the sandwiches go though, I'm a turkey and brie on baguette fan.  The roast beef and manchego is worth a try as well, and a great dipper in a french onion soup.After you've ordered, take a look around.  If you go around to your left, there is a large open area with multiple seating options.  You can normally count on someone studying back there.  The atrium out back also has plenty of seating options and is quite a change of pace for Charlotte dining.  Wherever you sit, don't forget to bring your diner number with ya.  It can take a while to get your food otherwise.Disclaimer:  Its normally after 2am when I eat here, so the food could easily be close to 3.5-4.5 stars and my munchies are just taking over.  Regardless, its still a great option for the late night.
4	I've been here multiple times and I would show up weekly just for the entertaining people-watching but the display case filled with delicious French pastries certainly helps!This place is usually busy and bustling so, if you're a first-timer, it's preferable if you come with an 'old pro' so you won't hold up the line trying to decide on what to order.  My personal favorites? The famed salted caramel brownie, chocolate and plain croissants, any of the fruit tarts, and the macarons. I've never tried any of the soups or the sandwiches but my friends have all raved about them. I would skip the house coffee - nothing special about it all.Grab a seat in the atrium and enjoy the food/ambiance!
4	I love their macaroons, and the sandwiches are tasty as well!
4	We've been twice and the desserts were delicious. The chocolate croissants and the petite chocolate gateaux and the napoleons and the salted caramel macaroons and the pumpkin tart are to die for.I love the decor even though some other reviewers didn't. Guess I'm into the eclectic more than others.
5	I just wish it was bigger! Things that are this amazing deserve spaces as giant as their customer base! when i say giant i mean on friday nights the line wraps around the entire building into the hallway and then some. Wish we had more 24 hr places like this is charlotte! Keep it up!
5	Amelies...Amelies...how I love thee! There are so many good reviews on here. There isn't much left to say! Awesome decor, delicious desserts, eclectic environment. Their macaroons are TOO LIVE FOR! Everything I tasted were authentic French pastries. Nothing tasted American made! The staff is really friendly. They even have their own delicious smelling coffee! Nowhere in Charlotte will you find a place like this! Oh, but wait there's more! They are open 24 hrs! Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Says the pregnant woman! Lovely place for you to do school work or to meet people. As a Charlotte native, I never thought the day would come where places like this would exist here. Love it! If you haven't been, go now! They're open! Lol
5	Love this bakery! Wonderful pastries and open 24 hours. Lines can get long late night, but the salted caramel brownies and coffee makes it worth it
4	First time here over this past weekend.  Surprised at how busy it was in the middle of a Saturday afternoon - line was at least a dozen people deep.  Moved quickly but felt rushed to make decisions in order not to hold up those behind us.  Menu boards jammed, difficult to read.  Display cases attractive.  Enjoyed the salted caramel brownie (very nice but very small), croissant (not as fluffy as expected, perhaps to serve as a sandwich roll), almond cake (lovely) and coconut macaroon (best of the bunch).  The salted caramel apple cider was over the top sweet and I wouldn't do it again.  The french press espresso was so good it may have converted the non-coffee drinker in our group.  Parking is convenient in the lot out front (nice plus is NoDa).  Looking forward to the Carmel Commons location opening as that is a lot closer for me.
4	Great atmosphere and deserts. Long line and wait. However food was worth the wait. So many deserts to choose from and fresh. Limited seating and space. Artsy atmosphere in the Noda area.
5	It's a 24 hour bakery in the heart of NoDa. What's not to love? It's a bit pricey but this is definitely in the top 5 places that I recommend to those who are just now venturing into Charlotte. It's really difficult not to buy one of everything simply because you can smell pastries and chocolate in the parking lot. You're salivating before you reach the door. This place can definitely get busy during lunch and also at night and sometimes the line wraps around to the back door but it moves quickly and its worth the wait. The only problem I have run into is being able to find a place to sit with friends, but there is usually always plenty of room outside or around back. If this place served alcohol, I don't think I would ever leave.
4	I've been a fan of Amelie's for awhile now. I can't say much for anything on the menu expect their coffee (dark roast) and the almond twice baked croissant, simply for the fact that I've never strayed from these. I'd say the only negative thing is there always seems to be a lengthy line, but that is more a reflection of quality and my lack of patience. Recommended!
4	Great Bakery. Lines are almost always long, but the wait usually isn't. Plus long lines means they must be doing something good. Pastries are great and the atmosphere cool.
5	Open 24 hours, so the perfect place to work or grab a late-night snack. Their chai latte's are also one of the best
5	This place is amazing! The staff are super friendly, the atmosphere is crazy eclectic, and the food is even better! Great place to come a relax with some pastries and coffee and do some work or read a book. I recommend this place to all my friends and family, love it!
4	A very special place with great coffee, fabulous baked goodies and an ambiance that is second to none.
4	Not bad food, everything was pretty good but on the pricey side.  I would go again if I were in the neighborhood.
5	Great place to stop after dinner, or anytime for that matter.  I'm a sucker for the chocolate eclairs.  Don't let the line scare you, you'll make your way to the counter in no time.  Fun decor, take a good look around.
5	I love this spot! It's a perfect place to go and get some work done! I am obsessed with their coffee and the quiche they have on the weekend is the best around. The only complaint I have is many of the outlets are very old, understandably, and my macbook charger falls out of the outlet each time I plug it in.
4	Awesome, unique place!  Pastries were delicious, had the strawberry-cream cheese croissant and a variety of fudges! All great!
5	Love this place!! Good for late night hangouts with friends.. Deserts are delicious.
3	I want to give this place 5 stars. If you would have asked me a few years back, it would have been hands down 5 stars. The desserts here are to die for. Before I lived in Charlotte, my beau would take me here on my visits to the city. The baby blue, lost-in-wonderland theme was charming and I wanted one of everything on the menu. While it's a bit pricey, they also serve french press coffee that is every bit worth the price.That said, the experience has lost it's luster in my past few visits. Amelie's was becoming well known and deservingly so. Every pastry I've had from them was absolutely divine. Who wouldn't want to come here?Perhaps I've just come at cosmic peak hours, but the lines had grown to Disneyland proportions in my recent visits. The cashiers started to come down the line to take our orders before we were anywhere near the glass cases to look at our options. How am I supposed to know what I want when I haven't even seen it yet? In both my last visits, they also informed us in the line that it would be 30-45 minutes if we wanted to order a sandwich or anything not pastry. While understandable with the crowd to staff ratio, this was kind of disappointing. The inside decor of this place is lovely. Lots of artsy kitchy stuff and cozy couches. However as busy as it was, there was nary a seat in the place. My last couple visits involved devouring a pastry in the enclosed strip mall alley behind the building. Because I've lost hope of enjoying the experience of this place, I no longer go to Amelies. Which is a shame because they have some damned good pastries on their menu.
5	Amelie's is so an eccentric atmosphere with impeccable savory sweet (Macaroons are my fave, but your honestly can't go wrong). It's opened 24/7 so if you need table to work from 2-4:30 pm and again after like 9 pm (except on weekends (that party and pastry line doesn't die down until like 2 am, but it' a great place to put all All-Nighter, I know that was my go-to spot until I graduate nursing school.Cool ambiance - check.Tasty treats - check.Great lattes and coffee - check,And if you got really hungry, their sandwiches are a big fat - check.
5	Best destination to reach at any time of the day when u r a little hungry. Love the deserts here. Good place to hangout!
4	Great place to grab something sweet or just hang out at almost any hour of the day.
2	Parking: I arrived at this location around 9PM at night and the parking was FULL. Very hard to find parking and when I did find parking, customers had their cars overlapped into the adjacent spot. So yeah, it aggravated me just a little. Inside the Cafe: First impression? Wow. This is a small place. It was genuinely busy. The line stretched all the way to the backroom. My friends and I waited about 10 minutes just to get to see the actual sweets and food. Menu: It's a cute menu. Hard to read when you're all the way in the back. Food: Expensive. Almost $2 per macaron & not a very wide selection of macarons either. I bought some sort of chocolate cake while my friends decided to get the macarons. My cake was $6-ish. It was very sweet. I didn't finish it because it was just too sweet for me to finish. The macarons that my friends bought were slightly stale. They weren't too impressed with the visit either.It might have been just that night. I'll try again when I'm in the area.
3	It's taken forever to write a review for this place.  It's a well-known French bakery in Charlotte and gets raves reviews, but not quite sure why.  I mean, they got some solid macaroons, eclairs, and lattes and stuff but nothing that really makes crave Amelie's.  It's probably because it's one of the few places that are open at all hours, making it a solid hang-out to grab a coffee and treat at anytime.The last time I was here was after catching a movie with some broad.  It was a random Wednesday night and the place was bumping.  When I first walked in, you can smell all the goodness and the air and baked goods displayed behind the case... and then you walk across the Sahara Desert to stand in line.  The line wrapped around to the other room... I'm decent at small-talk and killing time, but hate waiting in lines, especially with some broad on a first date!  It's the wait-in-line-for-20-minutes test - If you can't carry or want to engage in a conversation with your date, you should peace out!  (Not a real test, but I should've known...)If you're looking for a place to hang out late at night fueled by coffee and French bakery, this place is probably for you.  But keep in mind, the lines are long (both times I went), so if you show up with a date, make sure they're interesting! #potcallingkettleblackdmo out.
5	Great food and customer serviceWent to get some pastries and got the great aspargus spinach leek soup, and a cafe mocha too.  Very nice employees, carried my food to my table so I wouldn't spill it.Love that soup and the pastries are always great...
5	Fun place. Open 24 hours. Good pastries and coffee. Quirky decorations.
5	This is a really unique restaurant. Its really quite. It feels like your walking through a house. The food is extravagant. Great place to study.
5	There's a plethora of reviews singing about why this place is fucking awesome. My commentary is going to be hardly different in that vein, but seriously though. Seriously. It's bucket list good. What to get there? Everything. Ev-er-ee-thing.
4	The fancy deserts are not the only interesting item at Charlotte's only actual French bakery and cafe. The cast of characters that take up on both sides of the counter. You know right away quand vous entrez (when you enter) that someone has visited France and "gets it". It took a very long time for Charlotte to obtain a square of land from the city of Lyon. It's real French edible art without the 8 hour flight.
4	I have enjoyed every pastry I have tasted. Great atmosphere.
3	All I can say about this place is that its OK..there didn't seem to be anything about this place to make me want to come back. The food was alright but not big enough..pretty much the only thing I like about it is that its open 24/7
4	You can't go wrong with Amelie's.  Always a great place to grab coffee, a nice lunch or late night dessert.
4	This place is the most relaxing place to go when you just want to sit alone and do nothing. What I don't think people get is, this place is suppose to look unique, not all classy and snazzy. Its calm and cool place to hang out that just so happens to have amazing baked goods, sandwiches and drinks. If it wasn't that great, there would be people there 24 hours a day. I love this place and have no idea why anyone wouldn't.
4	The salted caramel brownie might be the best sweet I've ever had!  Wasn't terribly impressed with their croissants, which is what kept me from giving 5 stars.
