5	Great Food and Great Service!
5	So excited that they opened one at this location!Any business in this building never stays very long - but I'm hoping Oregano's is here to stay! If it's anything like it's fellow locations - it will always be poppin'!Thanks for the yummy food, excellent soundtrack and atmosphere as always!
4	I can't believe it took us so long to try Oregano's.  We stopped by after our Ikea trip on Saturday and had some seriously delicious food.We started with the garlic bread and marinara, very yummy but I really wish it came out cut.I ordered the Bistro Classic pizza which was amazing, the tomatoes were plentiful and delicious. The rest of the family ordered the lasagna and the Italian sausage sandwich (Jr size), both were raved about.  Serving sizes are huge, we'll do more sharing next time without a doubt.  Also prices are very reasonable.  I was shocked to see our bill come out to under $50, I hadn't really paid attention to the prices when ordering and just expected it to be around $60.Service left a bit to be desired but it was alright, and it's really loud in there, which I didn't love.
4	Oregano's has been a favorite restaurant with our family since before we WERE a family (circa 1998). Even though we've never lived close to any of the locations, we've had so many great moments (and honestly, in 13 years, only ONE bad experience) at this local chain. We had our first date on University in Tempe and we had our wedding celebration party (after eloping to Australia) at the Scottsdale location. The front patio at the Mesa restaurant was the choice for my husband's 40th birthday party. Always great service! Great atmosphere (friendly, fun) and great food.Our two boys now love to come with us to the newest location (near our home in Ahwatukee--thank heaven!) on Elliot Rd in Tempe which will surely be our new local hot spot, as it is near my husband's work as well. WE ARE SO EXCITED!My favorite items on the menu (although I admit, I'm finally steering away from my usuals so that I can try the rest of their extensive menu):Kick BUTT Garlic Bread (be sure to order it with cheese and a side of marinara)--YUM!Guaca Tony (I only recently tried this and am sorry that I've been missing out all these years)Chicken Ceasar Salad (dressing is SO good, and there's never too much of it) The Sproccoli Deep Dish or Stuffed Pizza - have a little salad, which comes out quick; then wait another 20 minutes or so for the Chicago-style pie--SO worth the wait! (and so filling, you'll have leftovers for lunch the next day!)
5	Great food and service.  Nice new location.  The fried ravioli is great.  Everything we had was very good.  Come early the waits can get long.  Will be back soon.
5	My wife and I love this place. We have been coming to Oregano's for years. And this new location did not disappoint. Thin crust is the best.
5	Great pizza, love the thin crust! Service and atmosphere is well above average. Prices are reasonable and lots of options on the menu, including pasta and sandwiches in addition to 3 kinds of pizza, thin, pan and stuffed crust.
5	I've always been a huge fan of Oregano's, but my last time there was unbelievable! I went on Veteran's day with 4 guys- one being a veteran. We mentioned it once that that was why we were out celebrating. When our to go bag was ready, every staff member in the place wrote on the bag to our friend thanking him for his service. After the bag was presented, the staff started coming around the table to shake his hand. It brought tears to all of our eyes. Their appreciation touched all of us- so not only is their food amazing, but the employees that work there are too.De was the best-I highly recommend to sit in her area when you go- very high energy and  a sweetheart! My friend Tom says he will keep that to go bag forever.
5	Our server was great, attentive and personable!! You dont find that much these days so that is why im complimenting this location.  We ordered a beef something salad (AMAZING!), chicago pan pizza (takes 45 min. btw), and my FIRST EVER pizza-cookie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! how on earth did it take me so long to get one? I dont know... I have discovered a new vice and that is the pizza cookie!! My only drag about this place is how they dont take reservations... which is lame to me since the waits are always so long * we got sat right away last night though!!  Im just SAYING- they should take reservations.  Oregano's and the service was awesome.
1	I had not been to an Oregano's in like 10 years. They seems to be popping up all over here in AZ now so my buddy was in from out of town and he wanted to try, so why not.I'll tell you "Why NOT"... we has two thin crust pizzas... and I even hate to call them that. More like... crackers with melted cheese and some toppings.That was some of the worst excuse for pizza I've ever had. Most of the fast-food delivery pizza I've had beats it -- and I do not like, at all, delivery pizza.Maybe the pan pizza is better than the thin crust... god it could not be worse!It only deserves one star for the good service... other than that is the another sub-par overpriced "gourmet" pizza joint.If you want expensive, and good, pizza there are many good alternatives... Pizzeria Bianco, Grimaldi's, etc.
3	I love Oreganos, but I also love gorgonzola. The two of you were good together, and then last night my BFF and I found out you left Gorgonzola to go back to your "roots". That means no Gorgonzola vinaigrette... it also meant no Gorgonzola on the salad. Actually the fancy mixed green salad was ditched for its predecessor, the old style salad.So the menu prices keep going up, but the food quality investment is going down. I understand how supply and demand works, but it shouldn't work that way for a "mom and pop" shop.I am a salad lover, I want to start my meal the right way. Then last night I was offered balsamic dressing which actually translated to olive oil and balsamic reduction for my circa 1999 old style salad. If you want to keep the regulars who helped you build your roots, please stop raising your prices and changing the menu. Committing to a 20 minute wait on a weekday starts to seem silly when your favorite menu items go missing (hahem ... peanut butter pizzuci).
2	I'm not sure why they call it Oregano's, they should call it Garlic's (or Aglio's).  Everything is super large portions (not good or bad).  The food is very flavorful, but all kinda a bit over-the-top.   I feel that if they left off an ingredient or two in some of their pizzas, they'd be better. I'm close to giving it 3 Stars, but the food is so monumentally unhealthy that I rounded down rather than up.
4	So we all ordered from work. Not the first time. They forgot the dressing for someones salad. I called them to let them know. I told them I didn't want any freebies just the dressing. Guess what the manager did? Yep, he delivered it. Now that's customer service. They get 5 stars.
4	Same Oregano's food that you know and love - but finally a location with ample parking.  My last visit was also the first time my group didn't have to wait for a table.
1	My family and I had high hopes for this place as we were looking for a nice "new" little lunch/dinner spot.  I know it is a chain and you should only expect so much, however this was quite the let down. Here are my points:1) service was very slow. It took 30 min. for a cheese pizza to come to the table2) the cheese pizza we ordered looked as if it was made on a tortilla or possibly some sort of flat bread.  A big salad and 12 inch pizza should have filled my family of four up, however I found self scavenging for pizza bones. I almost asked the guy in the booth just next to me if I could share some of his meal. Long and short of it is that the appeal is most likely to Chicago "Transients" who like deep dish pizza and I swore off "Pizza Hut" years ago.  I knew I should not have passed up a slice of pepperoni from Costco for the crackers and cheese from here.
5	Best thin Chicago style pizza I have EVER had. And I've had a lot of pizza.
3	It was just ok. Hadn't been there for awhile. I had the wedding soup, it was ok. My husband had the slice is pizza, it was big, I tried a bite, but didn't really like it. The other times we went was for supper and ordered whole pizza, I remembered it being really good, but not this time. Usually go to the one in Mesa and it always has a long wait time.
5	I love this place...Great place to go and grab lunch or even dinner. All of the Oreganos have a great patios and this one in particular actually has a very large indoor dining room as well for those of you who prefer the inside. My personal favorite here is the Italian gold wings, the honey mustard BBQ sauce is so delicious that I almost always order these as the main dish. Oh and lets not forget the oh so cheesy garlic bread that is about the length of my who arm it is so tasty... We also love the meatball sandwich and if you like chicken caesar salads you have to try theirs it is topped with shaved chicken that has such great flavor its definitely better than your typical grilled chicken most restaurants have. Overall this is one of my favorite spots for an afternoon lunch when the weather is nice so we can enjoy the patio and don't forget to try their peach bellini !!!
2	Ok so first off let me say you can't account for tastes. I didn't like the food at all here. I went with a group of friends and had a little of everything. Not at all impressed. We had some thin crust pizza that looked like a tortilla with cheese on it. Its weird that they put the ingredients under the cheese st first when the pizza came out it looked like there was nothing on it. I ordered hot wings. Got the hot ones. They weren't any hotter then anything else I normally eat so that wasn't the problem. The wings had this weird dry rub on them that just did not taste good to me. a friend of mine got dessert that was awesome by the way. At the end of our meal I wasn't impressed with the food. I ha dmy wings taken back since I didn't like them. The waitress was nice enough to not charge me for them. The wait staff here is great forgot to mention that. Never ran out of drinks and always checked in on us. Overall it was a nice and lots of peoepl there so this place must be popular; just not the place for me.
5	Stopped by as a recommendation from a friend's coworker to try while we were in Tempe for Spring Training.  Have to admit, I usually don't trust the recommendations of people I don't know directly, but they were right about Oreganos.-The place was absolutely packed on Thursday night, one sign of how popular the place must be, especially with the locals.-The service was prompt and courteous.  We were never left too long without being checked upon.  Their "Legalize Marinara" t-shirts also helped keep my wife entertained because she thought they were taking a stance and legalizing MARIJAUNA... which was highly entertaining-Now to the best part, the food. Our friends got the Chicago stuffed pizza, which had a wait time of 45 minutes, but was so worth the wait.  One of the best pizza's I have ever seen, tasted, smelled, etc.  My wife and I split one of their salads, which was huge!  It was also very good, not quite CPK good, but close.-In summary, if you are looking for good food in a casual atmosphere give Oreganos a try!
1	This review is for the location on Elliot Rd in Tempe, however a lot of my comments apply to the entire chain.  I've been to Oregano's many times since moving to the Phoenix area, and up until recently it was my favorite pizza place in the valley.  However since they have changed their menu things have really seemed to go downhill.  The menu variety has been reduced drastically, many of the items that were my favorites are not even available any more (Chipotle Chicken Club Pizza, I'm looking at you).  No doubt this was to cut down on food cost, but the result is that a lot of the things that made Oregano's great no longer exist.  The execution of the menu items that they do have has been inconsistent for me the last three or four visits.  Today at the Elliot location the stuffed pizza that we ordered came out way overdone, the crust was pretty burnt.  Anybody that has ordered one of these pizzas before knows that they take nearly an hour to prepare.  There was no way we were going to send it back and wait another hour for a replacement.  Unfortunately issues like this seem to be becoming common for the chain.  I could go on with issues seen during previous recent visits, but the bottom line is that there are too many good pizza places around to spend any more time with this one.  I no longer recommend the chain, and probably will not return.
5	First let me say the portions this place serves are HUGE. My first visit here was with my boss for a lunch meeting. I ordered the pesto pasta bowl. YUMMY. I ate as much as I could and still had enough for lunch again the next day. My kids loved the bread bowl. I had the happy ending infamous cookie dough ice cream. Loved it all. I will have to bring my kids with me next time I visit because I see that they give the kids pizza dough to play with while they wait for their food.
5	Went here based off yelp reviews and it was delicious! Love that they give you dough to play with b4 your meal. The big rig pasta was spicy but great-add chicken. The thin pizza was fantastic. Waitress was lovely. Cookie pizza dessert also yummy.  Go!
1	Franchise and loud. Last two meals were over priced.
5	Several years ago my Father and Stepmom used to take my sisters, brother and I out to Oregano's Pizza Bistro, the location off of Mill Ave. and University.  We would often walk to that location because it was just a few short miles through our old neighborhood.  Sadly after moving from Tempe to Mesa, our outings to the good ol' pizza joint happened less and less often.  It was soon just a comforting memory of sharing time, music and good food with my loved ones.  Recently Oregano's had been reintroduced into my life. I was meeting with my older sister for a bite, wanting to meet somewhere in the middle that night, my sister mentioned that an Oregano's had recently been built near her house, the Priest and Elliot location.  All of the old memories of going out with my family sharing the good food, music and company came dancing back in my head, I couldn't have imagined a better place to go!  I pulled up, the parking lot packed, which was no surprise (I vividly remember always waiting impatiently as a child to get a seat at the old location.)  My sister and niece had arrived first and had been seated on the patio.  Walking into Oregano's is like walking into a family member's house, warm cheery welcomes from everyone!  The hostesses were helpful and pointed me in the right direction to the patio.  The ambiance of the place had instantaneously put me in a great mood, lively music, outgoing personalities found in every employee, it felt like home!  Our waiter came up moments after I had gotten seated, suggesting and appetizer and offering me a beverage.  He was friendly and laid back, not talking to me as a customer he was serving, but rather a guest, a friend, in his own home.  I took his recommendations on the "Dirty Monkey" and "Kick-butt Garlic Bread."  Both arriving promptly and were delicious.  The "Dirty Monkey" is an adult beverage which consists of sweet liquors and juices, it was definitely a tasty treat!  The "Kick-butt Garlic Bread" was huge!  Definitely a fair bargain for what you get!  My sister and I split the "Big Rig Pasta" which was the same thing we had always gotten in the past.  It was comforting to see it was still on the menu after all those years.  Once it had arrived we indulged in the creamy chipotle covered rigatoni noodles.  Topped with fresh basil and tomatoes, it was better than I remembered!  After over indulging I mentioned to my sister how it made me so happy to be there, and admiring everything about the restaurant.  Working in the food industry myself I confessed this wasn't like a normal restaurant, though I love where I work, this was different.  I felt as if I was among all friends and family, I felt at home.  A server must have over heard my statement and had dropped off an application at my table.  He was smiling and friendly and simply said "You should work here if you're unhappy there."  This man wasn't the same waiter that had been helping us out that night, he had just been serving the other half of the patio.  I was caught off guard, and sort of laughed it off and the man walked away.  I couldn't help but play with the idea, though I knew it was almost impossible, I already had a job tending bar and serving at another restaurant, between that and school my availability was next to nothing.  Although the thought of working at a place like this was an entrancing one.  Overall the experience was just what I needed!  I am very pleased that Oregano's had come back into mine and my families lives.  Even more so pleased that they have stayed true to their roots, Lawrence Gibbilini's philosophy of life, which he was known to live by everday, "The key to happiness is friends, good food and music."
4	1. Wings, Pablo Picasso salad, and pazooki are awesome.2. Great service and atmosphere.3. Pizza is good not great.
4	I have lived in the valley for almost 8 years now, and I have always avoided going to this place.  You see, I am Italian, and I am very picky about my Italian food, and how I like it.  Luckily my Oregano's-obsessed boyfriend made me go with him to the first time ever at this location.   Now, I'm not quite sure what I thought Oregano's was (::cough:: Olive Garden ::cough::) but it id diametrically different from my assumptions.  I have heard that they have taken a ton of stuff off of the menu and for that, they have lost a star.  But in all honesty, what I had was great.Our waiter Shawn/Sean was attentive, nice (and pretty) and laughed when we decided we wanted a deep dish pizza with 10 toppings on it.  He began to realize we were serious with all of the toppings when we didn't laugh and looked him square in the eye... He took out his pencil and paper and asked us to resume.  (That part was funnier than I've made it out to be.)They had an okay selection of beer, but luckily a good one. He was on point with our order and let us know well in advance how long it would take to cook our monstrosity.  I appreciated the heads up as  our pizza took all of 30 minutes but for fresh, custom, deep dish pizza, it was well worth the wait.As a woman that revels in her pizza making skills and her cooking abilities, Oregano's made a damn good pizza that day, and for that I commend them.  Just make sure to not remove anything else off the menu and we'll be good. P.S. Th Bruschetta was ridiculous. It was so tasty, I'll probably go back to copy the recipe... YUM!
5	I love pizza, especially Chicago Stuffed Pizza that you can find in the middle of Arizona. If you haven't been to Chicago, or if you have and have been to Girodano's Pizza while visiting there, then you may know that their stuffed pizza is among the best there is. Who knew that a restaurant in Arizona served the same style pizza that actually comes so close to the real thing! Now you must know that the stuffed crust pizza is a work of art, that it HUGE, and thus will take about 30-45 minutes to make perfect. But if you have to be anywhere to wait that long for a pizza, Oregano's is the place to be. Every single one of the waiters and managers will say hi to you as you pass them, even if they aren't the one's helping you. There's great music playing throughout the restaurant, and the outside back patio has a great mural on the wall. You must must MUST check out Oregano's if you are visiting AZ. DO IT!
5	Try the Italian Gold Wings the best and most unique flavor i ever had. Pizza is pretty good but not my favorite. My wife got the diablo pasta w shrimp and she loved it. Very awesome service is a plus with them here.
4	Love Oregano's :) The 45 minute wait for deep dish pizza does not bother me much because I know I am going to get it just the way I like it. Lots of pepperoni and easy sauce. The BBQ wings are so good. They are crispy, hot, and bathed in sauce. Service at Oregano's has never failed me. In Tucson, AZ and in Phoenix, AZ service is great :)
3	Meh. That's all I can say. This is my 2nd time in after my frist visit I said I would probably never return because there really wasn't anything on the menu I liked. I ordered hot wings and didn't like them. The place is nice enough that. They didn't charge me for the wings so hospitality and service wise this place is amazing. Atmosphere is great and have had great wait-staff. Now this time around I came back because a friend had just started working there and told me to come in for a 2nd try. Told me to get something other than the wings. So this time I tried the brechetta (didn't spell that right huh?) and that was pretty good. Nothing special but good. Got the margarita pizza pan style and it was good but again nothing special. Then we got dessert. The highlight of the evening was that freakin cookie. It was so delicious. The cookie was baked fresh so it was still warm and soft yet crispy with ice cream on top. The combination of the fresh warm cookie with cold ice cream was amazing. I thought I was full with the food I had ate but once I had a bite of the cookie I was digging in like I hadn't eaten a thing. So overall I don't understand what the big hype about the food is because its "ok" food for me. Its good but does not live up to what other people have told me about this place. On the other hand I will be returning for a drink and that cookie again.
5	Oh, Oreganos how I love thee, let me count the ways! Seriously, we only come here for special occasions, mainly birthdays, for a REASON: they are awesome! We always come with plenty of time on our hands because we know things take time, I'm cool with it and so is my family. But, the last time we were here it was my birthday and our waitress made it so special. I wish I could remember her name, but she was so cool with a pixi blonde hair 'do. She helped my vegetarian mom modify a dish that my mom really ended up liking. I got the Margherita Pizza well done and my god it was so, so, so good. I can't remember what my dad got, but he really liked it. And my guy got Lasagna and he loved it. Of course, I got the free birthday cookie thing and shared it with everyone, and THEN our SUPER COOL waitress brought us a mini Bellini for us all to share! My mom had never had one and she loved it! (It was STRONG too!). Anyway, I really love Oregano's, they go above and beyond and I've never had a bad experience there.
5	I don't give 5-stars easily!  This place rocks!Not only do they have amazing Italian-style pizza (fairly authentic!), their prices are low and their portions are massive.  You know the best part?  They offer you a refill of soda..TO GO!  The servers are wonderful, as well...  Our favourites thus far are the BBQ and hot (medium, really) wings, the beefstro salad, and any of the sandwiches!  We usually get two sandwiches and split them for 4 of us...often times with food left over!The dessert cookie rocks--but you may want to order it while you're still eating, since it does take a while.  You can make all kinds of combinations, you don't just have to stick with plain ol' chocolate chip.  Get creative!  And don't forget your fortune cookie!
4	This Oregano's location is like the Anti-Oregano's of the Phoenix area.  It is very spacious, there's a lot of available parking, and when I was here there wasn't a long wait for seating.  The food is like any other Oregano's location: Tasty with large portions.  I'm still a bit dubious of the notion of "Chicago thin-crust pizza," when I'm so used to Chicago deep dish, and also the fact that the pizza looks like a St. Louis style Imo's Pizza with different cheese.  But, no matter what you get, rest assured you won't leave starving!  I've had pizzas, pizookies, various appetizers, and sandwiches here, and for the most part I've been pretty satisfied with the food.  My latest order was the veggie sandwich, which came with large slices of marinated portabella mushroom, cheese, tomatoes, basil, and lettuce.  Even though I ordered the junior size, it was still a hefty portion and I could only finish half of it!  The sweet potato fries were interesting in that they were dusted with cinnamon, adding a sweet dessert-like element to them.Our server was great and provided refills as needed.  I would say out of all the locations, this one is probably the best one!
4	Who doesn't love Oreganos and now there's one close to me!  I stopped with Sarah H last weekend and enjoyed a grilled veggie sandwich before our seemingly weekly trip to Costco.  I'll be back.
5	Second time enjoying O's food. All I can say is yum! Good and attentive service at a fair price. My Italian fave.Forgot to mention I am part Italian, so I am particular. Also my first five star!
4	Orega doesn't BlowBy The RueWhat is it about this place,That makes me want to stuff my face,I don't even wait to say grace,"Tina eat the food" without leaving a trace.Let me drop onto you some widsom,From the top of my intellectual prism,Oregano's has never gotten my criticism,Much like the Dewey Decimal System. Anything you order you can't go wrong,Whether you're sober or baked like Chong,If you go with me please wear a thong,I think I'll turn this review into a song.Vino Bambino salad or antipasto,Try either one or the Pablo Picaso,I'll bet you're from the town of Madesto,I say "abra cadabra" and presto!!Shazaam!!
5	Good LISH food on both lunch and dinner menus. This location at Elliot and Priest is good but others can be hit or miss.
4	The Pizza is great and service is always speedy. The last waitress I had sucked balls. She was rude, but maybe she woke up on the wrong side of the bed.Try the Heck A Slice for lunch, good deal.
5	Can't remember our servers name , but he was great ! Super nice , super helpful in deciding what to eat ! The Italian gold wings are very yummy ! :) always love coming here when I wanna splurge ! You gotta get a Pazookie !
4	In town visiting a college on Jan. 3rd, 2013.  Hotel person recommended Oregano's so we thought we would give it a try.  We were pleasantly surprised.  Our waitress was very good - Sarah.  I had the turkey and provolone sandwich, my husband had the Italian sandwich and my daughter had the garlic chicken lasagne.  If we lived here we could eat there again but alas there is no Oreganos in Fresno, CA.
4	Went there when was in town for Parents Weekend at ASU's business school.  My niece, nephew and his girlfriend who all live there recommended this place.  First went to another Oregano's which was too crowded, so ended up at this one.  The place was still packed, but was able to get a drink and sit on the outside patio in the 100 weather at night!  Not sure how you deal with that weather all the time.  FInally got in after a 40 minute wait, but the pizza and pasta was really good!  Because we were not in any rush, didn't mind the wait, but in future would never wait that long.
4	Wife and I went there for a date.  Never went there before and decided to give it a try.  It was about a 35 minutes wait (Saturday, around 7:30 pm).  It was loud, and the music very loud.  We don't care for noisy places.  The food was great, better than we expected.  Ravioli fried and stuffed with pepper jack cheese.  My wife got some stuffed mushroom, and loved them.  We ordered a stuffed pizza with cheese, spinach, and broccoli.  It took 45 minutes to cook, but it was amazing.  The portions are big, so we took a lot home.  Very good. It was noisy, which was only thing we didn't like.
4	Its Tuesday, day after a holiday and we are just slammed at work, so some coworkers and I thought ahead and picked a place or order lunch from and pick it up and bring it back to the office .Today the vote was for Oregano's, I personally had not tried them up until now, but I always see that the place is pack! I looked at the menu we had floating around here at the office and I saw they have Midday Rush Menu items from 11am to 3pm Mon to Friday, and I have to say they have a nice variety to pick from. I went with the Bollo Pasta; it was a bowl of pasta, crazy right??  It was angel hair pasta cooked perfectly paried with a spicy marinara sauce, and it came with a slice of garlic bread.  It was a perfectly delish lunch, guess I now have Oregano's to add to my lunch time list!
4	Customer Service was amazing! Meatball sandwich was great. This place is a winner.
5	You could say that I am on an Oregano's diet.  We bought a take-home container of chile oil and I use almost everyday on one or more items of my food.  That being said, we always enjoy our experience at this Oregano's. The East side of the building is perfect in the winter because the fireplace and overhead heaters keep us warm and during the hot summer, the shade and misters keep us cool.Price is just about right, especially because I get a second meal in the take-home bag.Highly recommend next time you want to enjoy a fun night with your special someone.
4	Awesome service with good dependable food, we arrived late but they were very accomodating and our order was placed right away.  We love the Pesto Bruschetta, thanks for putting that back on the menu, it had gone away for awhile...we also love the Alfredo the Dark Pasta and the Pizza Cookie for dessert - DON'T MISS THAT.Good service, great food, and the staff goes above and beyond.  What more could you want?  We love this place.The only thing we would change is the VOLUME on the music - IT'S WAY TOO LOUD.
4	My favorite pasta is Zany Ziti. The desert pizookie is also really good. They've never let me down. One of the best local places.I recently tried their thin crust pizza and it's only OK. I ordered half Bistro Classic and half Aunt Margherita Pizza and it wasn't any better than regular pizza shops.
2	Service suck, food is ok, Would I come back to this place? No There is better Italian restaurants in town which quality food and great service. I dont know why people go here and why they still in business.
4	These meals are so huge.  I come here for lunch but the menu items I want are too big to eat for a lunchtime meal.  I usually just settle on a salad which are very delicious and tasty but they are completely devoid of any of the healthy reasons that you'd get a salad to begin with.  So I leave feeling guilty for the calories and bummed I didn't just get the Zany Ziti, Big Ol Ravioli or the Penne Pasta Bake.  Great service, always very quick during the lunch hour, clean establishment, the ambiance isn't as nice as the one in Gilbert but it's still a nice place to eat.
5	Great food and the service is amazing! Go here for lunch and you will never have to worry about getting back to work late. Fast prompt and friendly!
5	I always love their pizza!  YUM!  Of course that is what I got.  But my friends said, we ordered some wings too.  Cool!  OMG, they are so good but since I am a wimp it was a little spicy for me.  Yes, I know the decor is the usually Oregano's theme.  What give it the 5 stars?  The service!  Our server ROCKED!  She even offered to give us a togo cup of our drinks to take with us or get us fresh ones to take.  SWEET!
5	This is my 5 star pizza, thin, pan, stuffed, wings... sandwich... We never had any bad experiences.  Staff is always cheery, prompt, not over your shoulder every 5 minutes...My only complaint to corporate owners is get busy building in the West Valley!! Not just 1 location!
4	Had the "Jr. Caesar Salad" and there was nothing JR about it.  Don't be fooled by the name because it really is more than one person should really eat.  The standard size salad would be perfect to share between 2 people and for $10, it's well worth it!  Not even 2 salads at Walmart/Safeway/Frys will cost you $10 and doesn't compare in quality.  Their waitress was excellent, she was professional, had great humor.  All around it was an awesome, experience.  I'm not giving it a 5 star only because I am super critical and 5 start would mean that they went the extra mile to come greet me at my door as I was pulling in and opened the car door for me.  lol
1	I have been to other locations and have had good experiences, but lunch today was not a good experience.  The hostess did not seem to be very skilled at managing the seating and we ended up having to wait for a table much longer than we should have.  The food was good but when our waitress refilled my drink, it tasted like a diet drink, so i asked her if I could get the regular soda that I had originally.  Immediately after I asked her, I heard the guy at the next table tell her that his re-filled diet drink tasted like regular soda.  She had taken the sodas to be refilled at the same time and had obviously mixed them up.  It is bad enough that I drank from the straw that another person had been using (gross), but then the waitress rushed back with new drinks and told us that the syrup was out and that is why my drink tasted funny, not because she had given me the wrong drink.  I have tasted drinks before when the syrup is low, and it doesn't make it taste like diet soda.  She lied to me.  I wish I had spoken to the manager, but I just wanted to go because I was grossed out.  I will never go to this restaurant againUpdate: Customer service from the restaurant contacted me after my posting and apologized and offered to send me something to make up for my experience and encourage me to try them again.  Well, I sent my address but never got anything from them, so another BIG FAIL from Oreganos.  Hard to believe that they treat their customers this way.
5	My favorite pizza chain anywhere.  Always good, dependable and friendly service.  These guys know how to hire right.  Love the thin crust and a great selection of toppings.  Whenever in the Valley of the Sun we find a way to stop in to one of the locations.
4	In my absence on Yelp for a couple months, I went traveling. So here is Oregano's Pizza Bistro. It's one of quite a few in Arizona, and I very honestly wish I could take it back to California with me.The portions here are huuuge. Actually, probably huge for a person like me, but pretty normal when you think about restaurant portions. The water glasses here are like a third larger than regular water glasses!The Boom Dip: Really delicious piping hot spinach and artichoke dip, served with "Italian chips". This is definitely something to share with your friends! The Italian chips were HUGE and crisp on the outside but soft enough on the inside. It made a great pair.Bistro Sweet Po's: I have a soft spot in my heart for sweet potato fries. I will try them anywhere! Oregano's served them with a sprinkling of cinnamon and a tangy aioli. A good sweet and salty combination.My first time at Oregano's, I got the Big Rig Pasta. That thing was huge! But also delicious. The cream sauce paired well with the fresh diced tomatoes and I loved the spice. My second time, I got the Alfredo The Dark. It took my favorite sauce and added a twist - this shit is spicy, dude. Spicy seems to be something they favor here as a few pasta items on their menu have spice. If you get the Bollo Pasta, they say it's "spicy", but it isn't really. The sauce is very different than your run of the mill marinara though, in a good way. I would recommend it if you're going for something simple for lunch.Others might find the decor and environment very kitschy - commercials from decades past play on the televisions inside, the menu covers are old album covers, and everything is styled to be very retro. The backs of the staff t-shirts will make you laugh. I find it all amusing. What I didn't find amusing was how long it took for food to come out - they were always busy when we went. Other than that though, my experience with Oregano's was very pleasant.
2	This is a chain-franchise-knock-off. It's not good, it's not bad. It has the same value as fast food, but a little nice and therefore you will pay more. It's a place I visited while moving. I chose it because I could see it from the Elliot Street. The service was ok, but the food was far from impressing. I ordered the waitress corporate predetermined recommendation - and it wasn't good. It tasted like anything you can buy in the frozen meals section from the grocery store, prepared well. I will not be coming back.  .. und das ist was es ist
5	the food, the service, and the efficiency with which the waiters handled their jobs were all so pleasing. although i cant say that they have the best of a food catagory, every single entree was satisfying, so you wont regret anything that you order. my friends and i always go there, and my family and i go frequently as well. the prices are feasible and everyone can manage to afford the food.
5	It seems a lot bigger than the other locations, I always forget that this place is here, because the location is somewhat new. We visited for late lunch on a Sunday and shared the Caesar (Jr size) salad and wings... Both delicious and enough for 2-3 ppl.. I was hungry and didn't believe that the Jr. size would be enough, but it was! Had my food with a side of beer, what's not to like about this yummy lunch.  The servers and hostess were both pleasant and very attentive! I will definitely remember to come back to this location soon!
4	This is my favorite spot to get dinner. And by dinner I mean pizza cookie. Their pizza cookies are to die for! Slightly undercooked cookie dough in a deep dish personal pizza pan with vanilla ice cream and chocolate pieces. This is the kind of desert dreams are made of.
5	So I really love this place and have for a long time! There are so many different items on the menu that I like to order. Among them are the Vino Bambino Salad, the wings(hot and gold mix), Big Rig Pasta with angel hair pasta, and the Bellini. These are my favorites! The pizza and sandwiches are also good and the pizza cookie is a favorite among kids! The service has always been great. Everyone is very friendly and accommodating.
4	16 party.  Good service because we got there prior to opening.  Always a great mini stuffed pizza for lunch.  I had Number Uno Mini.  Very good.  Last visit pesto mini stuffed was amazing.
5	Seriously the best pizza I've ever had.  Gotta get the cookie desserts too...zookies? skookies?  Whatever they're called, I need one.  Come to UTAH!
5	Best dining experience you could ask for, great service, awesome food and the managers come around to make sure you are enjoying yourself. Even had a sample of pizza while we were waiting.
4	I have only ordered take out twice but the thin crust pizza is amazing!!  What I am most impressed by is the customer service.  Great people on the phone and great service when I pick up my pizza.  My new favorite pizza place.
2	My husband and I love Oregano's, it's one of our favorite restaurants. Today, we were disappointed in both the quality of the food and drinks, as well as the service. Our drinks tasted watered down, and for $6.99 a piece, we expect a little more. The serving size, which is usually really large (at least at the Gilbert location) was much smaller. Our server, Taylor, was not very attentive and asked my obviously NOT under aged husband for his ID. It took quite a while just to get our drinks be we were not asked at all if we wanted dessert. We felt very rushed. Over-all, not the best experience.
5	We were thrilled when Oregano's opened a second Tempe location right around the corner from where we live! Their pizzas and salads are wonderfully fresh and flavorful. We have never tried the pasta...stuck on the great pizza. It is always crazy busy, no matter when you go, so just plan to hang out. Great for large groups and families too!
4	Finally tried this place for lunch the other day. This is my nephew and his girlfriends favorite spot so had to get a gift card and thought I would try lunch. I had the italian grinder and the boy that tagged along had the big rig-atoni. Can't decide which one I liked better, his or mine! I really like the spicy sauce on the rigatoni and my grinder was really good. We sat outside on the patio right by the fire which was really great and reminded me of why I love Arizona, after Thanksgiving and we have all these fantastic restaurants with patio's to enjoy! My grinder had cappicola ham which made me very happy! The waffle fries are good but not fantastic, a litle more batter than anything and way to crispy. For dessert we had to try the pizza cookie and it was warm, yummy, gooey goodness! We had the chocolate chip and it is huge, plenty for 2 with lots of ice cream. Service was great and we ended up getting their special buy $100 in gift cards and get $20 free since we will be back!
4	If you want deep dish pizza, this is a solid pie.  The thin crust is not the way to go here.
4	I have been to different Oregano's a few times. I was excited when this location opened a few years ago because it is close to where I live. They have grown on me. When I first heard about them I knew everyone raved about how good they were. I check out the menu and was unsure of the southwestern meets Italian cuisine but the more I try it the more I like it. The flavors are great and work really well together. The Big Rig Pasta is my favorite but I also like their pizza. For lunch you can get a huge slice for like $3. Their stuffed pizza is really good but since it is baked it takes awhile. About 45 minutes to an hour but you know it is fresh and it is so worth the wait. Only thing is it isn't too good cold. I love cold left over pizza but this just turns into a big congealed mess. So bring enough people to finish it off or heat it up if you take left overs home.I took my girlfriend here the other day for lunch. She had never been before. I was nervous because she is a really good Italian cook and therefore has high standards when it comes to Italian food. She was questioning the southwestern/Italian mix like I did. I was hoping she would like it and she did. Whew. She got the Italian grinder which she was glad was called a grinder and had real cappicola ham on it. She also had a few bites of my Big Rig Pasta and liked that as well. Good we can come back and try other things.We told the waiter that it was her first time there and had never had one of their pizza cookies so he gave us one for free. That was really cool. It was also really good. Nice and soft and warm with really good vanilla ice cream on top. I didn't know they had 3 different kinds but we got the regular chocolate chip.I will definitely be bringing her back here and tagging along with her.
4	As far as chain restaurants go, this one is top notch. It has everything you could want in a food venue. Great appetizers, huge portions, great drink selections, and more.I like the fact that they make "strong" mixed drinks, and they usually have some great local and seasonal beers on tap. The Guac-a-Tony appetizer is by far my favorite. I even know a guy who, the first thing he does when he comes in from out of town is orders this. Just make sure you have more than two people in your group before trying this appetizer otherwise you won't be able to eat anything else.Indeed, they make great pizza, but there is so much more to this restaurant than their pizza. In fact, I don't remember the last time I actually got a pizza from them.
5	I really do like Oregano's Food. I love the feeling in there, and yes it smells really good in here as well.A great part of the Holiday Season was if you bought $100.00 in gift Cards you got a $20.00 gift card for yourself as well. It was a great deal. I think it stopped at Christmas but, I do not know for sure.I love their Pasta, as well as their Pizza, and their salads are very good as well.The customer Service here is always really good as well.How can you go wrong here. Great food, good smells and great Customer Service. It is a win win!
2	I am so disappointed about how this restaurant blossomed. I have been going to Oregano's for about 5+ years now and have always been satisfied with my food and the friendly service. This last trip though was not the case!!We arrived a little later around 9:15 so of course they were upset that we came into eat around closing time, but deal with it. Your restaurant says open until 10pm. I am sorry I got hungry at 9. The host sat us with a younger girl and she just was so unsure of her own capabilities it made us uncomfortable. We ordered the calamari and a couple sides of sauce that I have been doing for years and she looked at me like I was crazy. I repeated what I wanted and she scampered off to figure it out. After that I ordered a Pablo Picasso salad which has also been my favorite for 5+ years. The salad came and I had a few bites and was really not impressed! It seems as if Mark expanded his chain and forgot to hire people to carry the quality of the founding restaurants to the new locations he has opened. The chicken was watery, the salad dressing was sparse, the tomatoes were not fresh and I was disappointed. I don't live in AZ anymore, but was born and raised here, and when I come back to visit like this last time, I actually take my time to seek this restaurant out it used to be that good. Needless to say I will not seek it out again and am really sad that I have to mark it off my favorites list. The gilbert and university locations have always proven flawless, and it could just be this location, but I was really bummed with the outcome.
5	I spilled sauce all over my yellow dress and brand new cream-colored lined coat and am still giving this place four stars:-)I'm a sucker for some vintage rat-pack, Italian-50s ish themed decor and yummy food.  Everything here is served family style while you listen to the vintage tunes linger in the air and garlic waft about your nose.  Pazookie.  That word alone is enough to get you there, right?  It's a cookie half-baked in a skillet and served with mounds of ice cream - all melty, ooey, gooey goodness brought right to your table.  Mmm.I tend to get a little...hmm...well...you've seen those Snickers commercials right?  That's me...I'm some lunatic when my blood sugar is low and then my friends have been known to say "She's back" once I've been fed.  Our poor waitress had to be so patient and kind with me while I ordered because I wasn't making a whole lot of sense and then she was perceptive enough to tell me one of the dishes I was considering would take substantially longer to cook than the other.  Bless her!  The drink glasses are also HUUUUGE!  This may have been the one time I regretted not ordering a soda - big always looks more delicious to me.  We thought the prices were a little steep when we were looking over the menu, but then all five of us ate until we were going to pop and we still got two more meals out of the leftovers.  Can I get an Amen?  Seriously.  Loved it.  Some of the pasta could have used more sauce, but that was really the only complaint.  The ranch dressing is Kick-A.  Our friend took us here during our Phoenix vacation and said it was a local favorite.  Yes, indeed!  If I ever hit up Phoenix again I am absolutely making sure Oregano's is on the agenda!
5	Always very satisfied when I come here.  Great friendly and speedy service, best to come during non-peak hours as there is often a crowd waiting. They have a nice beer selection which I appreciate, great Italian style menu selection, and good atmosphere.  No complaints here!Dishes I highly recommend: ALL OF THEM!
4	This was my first visit ever and I have heard so much about this place for 2 years now!I had a margarita pizza and the Pablo salad  (shared with boyfriend). The pizza was good, thin and crispy and the salad was massive and delicious. Our friends had the Pablo salad and the shrimp salad and both were great.The service was a little slow since we ate at the bar, but that's because it was busy. Our bartender was nice and polite and found the time to chat with us for a little but despite being busy.The menu is so huge that I think I was a little overwhelmed at first but would love to go back and try some of the other items.
4	Since our daughter moved to Tempe, wife and I will take the hour drive to see her once in awhile! So, the wife, our two foster daughters and I packed up and hauled to Tempe. One of the reason why I moved out of SoCal, was traffic. One of the reason why I hate Tempe, is traffic. Anyway, the main reason why we took the trip. So our daughter could meet the foster kids for the first time. We have been wanting to try Oregano's, so we decided to try this location out. One thing I have noticed since we have had our foster kid's are trying to find a place where they like the food. They are not use to restaurants, they love fast foods. So we were seated, ordered our drinks quickly, and a cheese bread appetizer. Their cheese bread was amazing if you like garlic! Our six yr old had the kids meal cheese pizza, our seven yr old was the tough one. She was acting like she didn't want to eat there. Knowing that she like spicy food, I ordered hot wings and a large pepperoni pizza half with jalapenos. Our daughter had the chicken Parmesan, and wife had the penne pesto. I can tell the six year old enjoyed the food, WHY! She ate her whole personal pizza, had two hot wings,sampled the wife's penne, and daughters parmesan!  The seven year old did like the pizza, and hot wings. I myself thought the food was good. I did request the pizza to be well done, like the crust crispy. However the waiter advised not to since their crust is extra thin and will burn the crust. After getting the pizza, wished they would have cooked it longer. We had a great time, the girls loved our daughter, food was good. Now for the cons! We felt the waiter was rushing us through out our time there? We were not ever half way done with our food and he was already asking us about dessert, and boxes for our food? And prices, I,m OK with shelling out hundred dollars for dinner. This place just doesn't seem to be a place I would enjoy spending that kind of money. This is why I almost gave this place a 3-star review. But the overall experience we had, was well worth it. We had fun, girls enjoyed the dinner.
5	We ordered a carry out from the Elliot Rd location due to Yelp-we aren't from the area and do not have Oregano's in our area- and it was completely awesome!!  The girl at the carry out desk couldn't have been more helpful.  She thought of everything, giving us plates and napkins due to her inquiring and finding out we were staying in a hotel not far away.  We were so impressed with everything overall I called in and spoke to the manager and let him know how great everything was.  Every business should treat its customers the way this one does!!!!!!!
4	In August of 2011, Oregano's Pizza Bistro did South Tempe a solid and decided to give this area a location. Woohoo! And unlike the other locations, there's loads of available parking here. I actually came here with my coworkers for the grand opening. Dude and I have enjoyed many a dinner out on the awesome patio during the "Winter" (come on, Arizonans . . . ), taken our out of town friends here. Usually, we'll just get a Big Rig with Spicy Sausage and an Oregano's Favorite Salad to-go. Our friend was recently relocated to Arizona (go Army, thank a soldier today) and since his immediate family is currently out of town, we pulled it together to give him a nice welcome home. Six plus months with no pizza meant we were dragging Vinny's ass right to Oreganos.Our server handled our party with style! Forgot her name, but she was a gal from San Diego. Hooked Vinny up with a free beer. And don't forget their delicious Boom Dip . . . Spinach Artichoke Dip with warm "Italian Chips". The three of us split the always delicious Numero One-O pizza! My sister in law got the Alfredo the Dark, mom and father in law each got the Big Rig, chicken and sausage.And the obligatory pizza cookie. Which is totally meant for 4-6 people. Hello! Was the food great? Of course! Mentioned it before, no matter which location you go to, the food is consistently delicious and at that point it's the service that counts. Score one Oregano's for supporting our troops, and giving our friend an awesome night back in town. We'll keep going to this location!
2	This review is for the location on Elliot only.  My husband and I visited and ordered the root beer float (there is alcohol in this) and a Diet Pepsi (seriously, Pepsi?  Get it together and put some Coke on the menu).  Root Beer Float was good, tasted like a root beer float, but managed to look like a glass of dirty milk.  Pepsi tasted like the fountain used water from the toilet.  Dinner!  Yay!  Wait, noooooo.  Husband ordered the Chicken Parm and I ordered the stuffed rigatoni.  Both of these dishes came out with about a cup of fresh parsley sprinkled all over them.  Like the garnish, and literally a whole cup of it.  They also cut the stems up on it, but I'll get to that in a minute.  Lets start with the CHICKEN PARM.  First of all, it was a big breast of chicken, not a formed and processed patty of chicken asslips and beak.  The pasta with it was cooked only to the point of not crunchy.  And after the first bite my husband looked at me and said "this tastes like they boiled the pasta in dirty water".  I have to say, I don't think it was the pasta, I think it is their sauce.  My rigatoni tasted funny.  The ricotta inside was creamy and tasted good, but I couldn't put my finger on what tasted funny.  Then, just as I had figured it out, I felt something hard and crunchy in my mouth. A HARD AND CRUNCHYTHING IN MY RIGATONI?  Did I lose a tooth?  Was it a bug?  Oh, it was just a huge chunk of parsly stem.  There was so much of this crunchy parsley stem in the dish and the taste of the sauce was horrible, I couldn't eat it.  The manager came out (I hate when this happens, I'm not trying to get a free meal, I just don't like the food.  Get over it).  She offered to make us a pizza.  The Chicago Style I saw at the next table looked good, but I was told that takes 40-50 mintues to bake.  SIgh, we got a small cheese and pepperoni thin crust.  The pizza came out and it was just cheese.  The server that brought it informed us that the pepperoni was under the cheese.  I ate a piece and again, their sauce tastes like it was made with dirty tomatos from the garden, not good.  My husband choked down a few pieces of this and managed to find a piece of pepperoni under all that cheese.Needless to say, I was upset as this location was not even close to the location in Tempe, or Camelback.  We won't go back and urge you to drive the extra 10 minutes eat at another one of their locations.
5	Love this place amazing pizza and salads and u have to get the pizzookie while ur here I would say try it just once but ud never be able to stay away and oh yeah the service is just as great
5	I love, love, love me some  Oregano's and I'm so glad I live just a few miles away. Their salads, their sandwiches, appetizers, pizzas and pizookie dessert are all amazing. Serious grub, very affordable, huge portions, a fun atmosphere, super friendly wait staff...this place has it all.The only negative I have ever had is just a personal preference. If you are in a mellow mood or looking for something more romantic on a date night, this isn't the spot. It's LOUD and pretty cramped full of tables, people and antique 'stuff.' Fun if you are in a social mood and don't mind your personal space being invaded often.
5	One of my favorite places! I'm a regular and have never had a bad experience. Kid friendly yet still a nice place to go for happy hour. Their wedding soup is my personal favorite!
5	Appetizer came out quickly! We got the guaca-tony, which is great for avocado and garlic lovers. I ordered the big chicken taco salad, and it gave me two meals. I ate until I was stuffed too! Definitely go there hungry.
1	I am writing this review with nothing in my stomach in disappointment in my heart. I work nights so usually take my one hour lunch break about 9 P.M. and I decided to try the Oregano's near my work for the first time. Since it was my first time going to Oregano's I had high hopes because of all the wonderful reviews from my friends that were accompanying me. We arrived around 9:15 and were seated quickly and immediately received our drinks. After we ordered the "Boom" dip which turned out decent enough, we ordered the Pablo Picasso salad, The Lady is a scamp, and the Pesto Penne Bowl at around 9:30. After about 20 minutes of waiting and only one drink refill we started noticing the waitress doing her closing duties. About 40 minutes after putting in our order we still hadn't received our food and were constantly checking the time wondering if we would have enough time to eat or if we would just need to get it to go. At about 10:10 we still hadn't received our food or assurance it was coming out soon. We quickly decided to pay for appetizer and head back to work. After walking around searching for our inattentive waitress I quickly paid the bill and left.
5	Recently moved back to AZ and Oregano's is one of those places you have to go to almost immediately. AZ natives want it to go national, but we don't. We kinda like keeping the secret amongst ourselves! Everything I've ever tasted from the menu is worthy of ordering. Even when I went thru a strict vegetarian stage I found tasty food. Wasn't a huge fan of their sangria so I'll stick w the beer specials next time I return.
4	mini stuffed pizza is the best lunch deal ever!! and the lunch slice is great too. all 3 kinds of pizza is really good.  the pizookie is crazy good. there salads are great too. not my fav chicago pizza in the valley but its still awsome and a must try for any pizza fan in phx!!
5	As a native Chicagoan, I can safely say that Oregano's is the best pizza in AZ - on-par with or better than most Chicago offerings.  Having been to (and impressed by) the University - Tempe restaurant, we thought we'd give this location a try.  Arrived at about 1 PM on a Saturday and there was a line . . . so we opted for the "sit at the bar" alternative.  The bartender was extremely pleasant - and that's what made up for her "just OK" service.  Food took a while to arrive - but, again, they were packed to the gills.  Meatballs with cheese and sauce were better than those at the University location.  Italian Gold wings were huge and delicious.  BBQ Chicken pizza (thin crust) was PHENOMENAL . . . better than any equivalents I've had in Chicago.  Sauce is top-notch and cheese is not greasy at all!  And the Chocolate Chip Cookie Pizza was delicious without question.  We had a very pleasant, delicious experience and will definitely be back.  One point:  the pizzas are not cheap.  $18 for a12" thin-crust with just one topping.  Which would be a bit of crime in Chicago.  We took it in-stride based on the ambiance, taste, and experience.  I will echo other reviews when I say, "don't expect white-glove service" from the wait staff, but this was definitely not a deal-breaker.  PS:  the parking situation is a head-and-shoulders improvement above their other locations!
4	Granted, I'm about to make this statement based on my first time being at an Oregano's  in quite awhile (a few years maybe?), but once you've been to one location you've pretty much been to them all...and that's a good thing! Oregano's has solid food & friendly service. This is probably like the fourth or fifth location I've been to over the years (the other ones were in Scottsdale & Phoenix). Honestly, the one thing about Oregano's I remember not liking as much in the past was their pizza (they have really good pasta & salads), but pizza was what I ordered this time and it was really good! It was a veggie pizza with sun-dried tomatoes, feta, and I can't remember what else but it was really good. Everything tasted fresh. We opted for thin crust, which I had never had from Oregano's before (maybe that's why I liked it better?).I like Oregano's. I like this location. I like the fact that the Phoenix area has a local chain like this that's successful.
4	I know a lot of people who say that Oregano's has sub-par pizza. It's pizza. It's not supposed to be a party in your mouth. It's just pizza. And at Oregano's, it's good. They've got some okay pasta and some nice sandwiches, but if anything, you want to hit this place up for the Pizza Cookie dessert, which IS a party in your mouth: half-baked cookie dough with a dollop of ice cream on top in a pizza deep dish. It's fantastic. I'm also partial to some of their salads. Great theme and ambiance, and the college-aged staff makes an effort not to seem too much like college-aged staff. However, it's crowded and loud, which is a nice environment if you're just hanging with friends or on a date with the wife. Bringing kids is a bit of a nightmare because of the long wait times and the claustrophobic rage it puts my kids into. They do give the kids a coloring thing and a lob of pizza dough to play with. Great touches, but just touches. It's like trying to put out a forest fire with a truckload of water. It'll help for all of a minute, and in the end you still have to clean up the truck wreckage.
4	I enjoyed the Chicken Lasagna and the BBQ pizza ,Bomb! The marina sauce that covers the Lasagna made me wanna cry, that good. Check this place out when in Az.
2	The food was great ! However one of the front hosts was quite rude and unaccommodating .  We asked if we could order for our little one while we waited , and were told we could only pre-order if it was stuffed crust or pan but not off the kids menu . Huh??!
5	I want to compliment Lyz and manager Dennis for their fast and professional service. My order had been completed incorrect. When I contacted Lyz and Dennis about it they both were very attentive.  They went above and beyond of what I expected.  I appreciate your great customer service!David.
1	I went to eat here and discovered a roach in my chicken wings. They offered a $40 gift card but I do not feel great about eating there again.
3	We've been to a few Oregano's locations and this one was probably the least good.  The service was OK, the meatball sub wasn't as good as the hubs remembered it being at other places and my veggie sub was quite nice.  I'd never had it before so I can't compare but I enjoyed - just not lovvvved it.  I do thoroughly enjoy going to Oregano's but if there's another location you can go to, I would.  We were in the area for our staycation so that's why we went here.
4	It took them a bit to get organized with the waitstaff, but they guy we had was awesome. Great attitude and totally helpful. We had the pesto thin crust pizza which was so amazing. I also liked the fact that they serve sodas in huge cups so you don't have to ask for so many refills. The ice cream cookie dessert was also really good. For the price, we were really impressed with the service and food quality. Will definitely add this to one of my faves. Only thing was that it seemed to take a long time for the food to come out.
1	I thought I'd written a review for Oregano's.  We like Oregano's, normally, the Bellini is my favorite drink ever. Tonight our experience wasn't that good. I've emailed the corporate office, a copy of that email is below. Tonight my husband and I went to the Oregano's located on Priest and Elliott in Tempe, AZ.   We go to that location a couple times a month. Tonight we ordered our regular order of Belini, Pepsi, Boom dip, Bollo Pasta, and Italian Stuffed sandwich. On the way through the dining area the wings smelled really good. At first I didn't want to wait for them, then I decided, I'd order them and take them home. We were out on the patio. As the waitress was packing up our left overs, she kept taking them inside.We heard a commotion just inside the door and I turned around to see a box on the floor with the familiar checked paper sticking out. Four of the wait staff gathered to discuss what to do. I told my husband "they are going to give me the wings like nothing happened". And that is exactly what they did. They put the wing box on the bottom, my leftover Bollo on top in the bag and set it down. She took my husbands sandwich to box and when she came back. I asked: "was that my wings that just dropped" and the waitress replied "oh but we're getting you a new order". I'm irritated by this point, the manager came out and said "we've taken the charge off your bill, and we are getting you a FULL order of wings". Well, it was 12 of 14 wings, I had left, so this wasn't much of huge difference for me. I returned the dropped wings. We decided to leave before receiving the wings. I'm not upset that my wings dropped. I'm upset that they weren't upfront about it, and I'm upset that the manager was acting like she was doing me a favor. What I believe should have happened was; The server should have came to me, said "hey the box dropped, but nothing fell out, we can give you these wings, and take them off your tab, or we can make you new wings but it will take 20 mins". This leaves the options up to me while maintaining the honesty in the relationship. Please do not make this about the server, this is obviously the influence of bad management as there was more than one server involved.We won't be back for a while. We're not sure if we should even eat the left overs, who knows what happened out of our eye sight?
2	Normally I really enjoy oregano's just went to this location. My boyfriend and I ordered a salad and the alfredo in the dark. The alfredo was over priced for having a oily butter sauce. no cream  no flavor.  The vino bambino is usually my favorite but when we got it it was warm and the pasta that was tossed in was old waxy and melted in my mouth. Gross. .  I want to give oregano's another chance but not at this location!
5	The food was good and their pizza is great! Loved the atmosphere as well. The only thing negative was that they don't have "make your own pizza" during dinner hours, only at lunch time. Besides that, it was overall a nice place that I would go back to.
4	Everyone should have a pazooki here! I've never had a bad meal here and always have leftovers.
2	I ordered the Flagstaff Spinach Salad along with a side of fries today for lunch take-out.Their sides are NOT sides, they're huge! Which isn't bad. Plus they were delicious.AS for the salad.... On their website it states:"The Flagstaff Spinach SaladWe start with fresh spinach, add lots of sauteed portobello mushrooms, red onions, roasted red peppers, diced tomatoes and mix with a tasty potion of lemon and avocado. It's all topped with a little Gorgonzola cheese. Backpack and tent sold separately."I got no mushrooms and very little onions and peppers. Mushrooms are my favorite too! I do have to say that the lemon and avocado dressing was amazing...I probably won't go back though, due to the fact that a salad is the easiest thing to make and they still couldn't get it down.
5	My favorite salad in the world, the Pablo Picasso, is here so I frequent Oregano's often. It's a family favorite, the kids especially love the experience. The music, the pizza dough, the exceptional staff, all of it is top notch. Oregano's does everything right. and we've sampled just about everything on the menu from the pastas to the pizzas and the salads. Two big thumbs up.
5	If you're going to make the effort to have pizza, find an Oregano's. Thin pan are both excellent and their pan is as good as you'll get even if you were in Chicago.  Not as good as Lou Malnati's, but you definitely wont be disappointed
5	I love this place! There big rigg is the best! You can get it with chicken or sausage! It's very flavorful! I come here all the time for Togo! The staff here is the nicest! There very helpful if you can't decides what your ordering. Overall I love this place!
3	Great salads and apps, better than the pizza actually. Not a fan of their thin crust, it's pretty tasteless.
5	This place rocks!! Awesome food, awesome staff, and awesome atmosphere.
5	Never have any complaints.  Staff is very accommodating!  Food is delicious, atmosphere is enjoyable and the manager is amazing!
4	My family and I don't go to Oregano's very often but every time we have gone it has been amazing. We usually go for special occasions like birthdays, graduations, etc. The workers always have a smile on their face and have great customer service. The portions are quite large but its always great to take home some left overs which the waiter/waitress do themselves. The atmosphere is always friendly and pleasant. It is always clean and they play music throughout the restaurant. Also the servers are always communicative and interact with the customers well.The food is astounding. Every time I go I get the Alfredo the Dark which is delicious. It is a spiral pasta with creamy sauce and diced tomatoes topped with a jalapeno. it also comes with their 'south of the border' bread. For dessert I get the pizza cookie with ice cream on top. All in all, I think that Oregano's is just amazing and the best place to eat.
5	So far, I've went here to pick up their two sliced pizza lunch special. As much as I would like to review this place a bit more thoroughly (customer service, dine-in experience, facilities, etc). My overly satisfied taste buds wanted to go ahead and rate them now!Their pizza is really, really good. I'm a die hard pizza lover, and I have had my fair share of assorted pizzas, from frozen to fast food chains, to actual gourmet pizzas at restaurants.All I can say is, Oregano's pizza is on a class of it's own. And for me, that's very important with pizza; to have their own distinct flavor. It's so good in fact, that even if someone gave me pizza in an unmarked box, I would be able to tell it's Oregano's.Now, I am no food critic. But their pizza makes me want to be one; Just for the moment at least.Their bread and crust is nice, thin, crunchy, and flaky at just the right level. You can also taste the creaminess of the mozzarella cheese, with the impact of that deli-licious pepperoni slices. And the best part is, the marinara sauce isn't drenched and is " volume"d out perfectly.If it comes to the pizza I have no complaints. I would really look forward to getting a chance to dine-in and try their pastas.Kudos Oregano's
2	This is hard review since I've enjoyed this Bistro for years, but it seems they are losing track of what made them awesome...customer friendly service.Last night I stopped in for a few beers and pasta...I was never acknowledged when I sat at the bar...in fact I tried hard to get service and it seemed the three folks behind the bar were to busy talking to notice a new patron ready to spend money...after a bid I realized pasta and beer was not in the cards for me here...I ended up going to Nello's Bistro and they were very happy to see me.Sure hope you bring your game back.J
2	Growing up an hour in traffic away from Chicago makes you a harsh pizza critic. Honestly it was lackluster deep dish. My brother literally said it tasted like we could have made it at home. Nothing special, sparsely topped and bland, not like rosatis out here or anywhere in chitown.
5	I love oreganos! My favorite dish is the Alfredo the dark. The sausage is spicy and delicious and if you like heat like o do ask for extra roasted jalepeno and chop them up in the dish. Sooooo good!
3	For all the hype, I don't really see this place as anything above average. The wings are okay at best. The pizza is obviously the star here, but even that doesn't net more than 4 stars. I just think if a place is going to be know for its pizza, it should really blow my socks off. All that said, it's still an okay place.
5	Fanfreakingtastic! Superfluous! And any other awesome words to describe how kick ass the service and food is. Chris the bartender?! Seriously?! One word... perfect!  This is one place you Can't afford to miss. Absolute must!
4	Never been to Oregano's before tonight. I had the Vino Bambino salad and The Clark Street meat pizza. Both were bomb! Won't give 5 stars b/c the waitress was a little flighty lol but all in all good experience with Oregano's. Waaaaay better than Spinato's as far as I'm concerned
5	Oregano's is always been one of my favorite pizza restaurants. As many of you know the wait lines can be very long. What has impressed me the last two times we were there, was that the hosts worked extremely hard to get us seated ASAP. I hadn't even received my drink order from the bar when the host came and got me and said they could seat me outside at a larger table. They showed me the table and asked if it was okay. We said yes. Then they sat another couple at the same table with us. It was a community table. How fun. We enjoyed the conversation with our new friends. The service was extremely fast and we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner. besides always having great food, the service was exceptional. That's why they get five stars is exceptional service.
5	Everyone knows Oreganos has great food yadda, yadda...I wanted to write this review to highlight the excellent service we received from our waiter. We came in late last night, around 10 pm. We we're greeted right away, he was super friendly, he kept up on the refills, boxed our food up, offered us to go cups for our drinks, and he even assisted me in getting the wristband off me from an event we just went to! Great service! Here's the issue though...we didn't catch his name and my bf couldn't find the receipt. So if a manager is reading this he has close cropped dark hair and black glasses, young handsome guy, and he was working the little covey to the far right on 10/25. We actually tried to find a manager after we left but we were one of the last tables and I think everyone was in the back. He deserves a raise!
5	The food is what you know and expect, but holy cheese the service last night was insane.  We had a fifteen minute wait when we walked up and were served couple pieces of a pizza and had our drink order taken while we waited.  Our waitress (so sorry I couldn't remember her name) was great and friendly and we never had to wait for a thing.  Even having to listen to some ASU bros describe how blown away they were by the end of The Usual Suspects couldn't dampen a great meal and amazing service.
3	This was my first time at Oregano's. The good pizza, but not the best! Maybe I should try something different next time.
2	I had the lunch special Mini-Pizza while traveling through Tempe.  It was too salty.  Not pleasant.  The ambiance was very noisy.  The service was slow.  I would not go back.
5	Delicious delicious delicious!!!! Have eaten here quite a few times and it's always good. Don't think I have ordered anything I haven't enjoyed. Plus their portions are huge. A side salad for 3.79 is enough for 2-3 ppl. Hubby and I share a salad and a meal and we're stuffed. Highly recommended.
3	This used to be my go-to for hot wings but lately I've noticed their "BIG-ONES" are much smaller and their hot sauce isn't as hot anymore.  I still go there for the convenience and the friendliness of the staff and most importantly the manager, but the cravings I have for their wings is slowly diminishing!! :(
