5	This place is relatively new and I had wanted to try it for some time.  It was worth the wait.  The food is excellent.  We started out with some type of a spring roll appetizer but it wasnt just a plain spring roll (I cant remember exactly).  My girlfriend got the pad thai and loved it.  I dont remember the name of what I got but it was beef and vegetables stir fried and then placed into a ring of deep fried bean paste.  It was served with a little cocktail umbrella stuck in the bean ring.  The presentation was quite unusual and unique and it made the meal that much better. The meal was moderately priced, I think around $30 for the two of us including our app.  The service was great too, in fact our waiter recommended my dish.  I will definitely eat there again.
4	Sun Penang is great. I was pretty skeptically initially considering that Asian food in Squirrel Hill tends towards hit or miss. I guess Yelp doesn't consider Malaysian food to be a category?The service is quite good and attentive. The room is very airy and spacious. Though the restaurant was quite busy, it never felt crowded or too noisy.Though I think some of the menu items that tend toward Thai are only okay, I think the real gems are their seafood/fish dishes. Basically  for those who are willing to be more adventurous, just order the things that you've never heard of before and you won't be disappointed. Portions are quite generous. It's a great place for groups and couples.
3	I've been here a couple of times.  Overall, I am just ok with the food.  Having had more of a background in Malaysian food, I am a bit more critical of the food here as it is more Malaysian than Singaporean.  The prices are more reasonable at lunch; I am not sure I would come for dinner.  Most of the food on the lunch menu was good - that Kari Mee was delicious and the Hananese chicken was decent too.  The Mee Goreng - not horrible, not great.  The service in general is quite good.
3	I was once banned from going here by a friend, because I was told the food is bad. I don't actually think that, but every time I have gone here I have ordered the same dish - the sweet & spice pepper chicken with rice thing (that isn't really what it is called).One nice thing about this place is the outdoor seating which is pretty hard to come by in Squirrel Hill.
2	I looked up this restaurant hoping for a close approximation of Malaysian cuisine. The place is located in an active, mixed use area that is pedestrian friendly and a largely student/ hippy population. The decor is trying to be Thai and the music was a horrible medley of obscure cover versions.I ordered the Achat, a refreshing pickled salad, served cold (a little too sweet for my taste), and the potato-chicken curry. The curry sauce and potatoes were excellent, although there was too much dark chicken meat and not enough potatoes.My partner who is vegetarian got a vegetable soup in a dark, salty, soybased broth that was bland but palatable. We paid about 40$, which in my opinion was too much for an unremarkable meal I could have ordered at any old Thai restaurant. My quest for decent Malaysian in the mid-west continues...
4	It's hard to go wrong with the reasonable prices, swank atmosphere, and delicious food at this restaurant. I heartily recommend the Malaysian Beef Rendang. It seemed like the other dishes were hit or miss, especially in the more generic Chinese/Thai categories, but I'll definitely be going back if just to have the Rendang again. They get an extra bonus for having hard-to-find Malaysian food on the menu.
4	We went to Bali for our honeymoon. The food here is as close to the food we had on BAli as I can find. It was delicious. We have eaten here many times. Sit out side and enjoy a Thai iced tea if you get the chance. so sweet, and watching the retarded Pittsburghers walk around acting silly is fun too.
4	The service is pretty attentive, and the restaurant environment is great, but the food itself has gone a bit downhill.  I loved Sun Penang when it first opened, but something's changed.  Beef Rendang is still good though.I've had better Malaysian food back in DC, but I guess this is decent for Pittsburgh.
2	It used to be really good when it first opened, after a year or so prices went up and food quality went down. Most importantly, the standard is never the same. Everytime I visit I will order the hot and soupy Penang prawn noodles, and sometimes the broth is tasteless, and sometimes it is just way too spicy! Only once, my hubby and I had diarrheo after eating that. Nevertheless, we still go back once in a while cos we love the prawn noodles. Each time we just have to pray and keep our fingers crossed...Service is really good though. I giving this a 2 star simply because of hygience. Sometime back i found some kind of bug in my bowl of prawn noodles right AFTER I finished eating. Not sure if it's a cockroach cos it's too small to identify, but it definitely has legs. So I alert the waiter. He seems surprised at first, then he  apologised, I am really expecting at least a discount if they are not going to waive my order, but none of that sort. Truly disgusted at that. So I banned sun Penang for a few months but I hv to go back again cos I miss the noodles so much!
2	I first ate at Sun Penang over a year ago and remember it to be a decent meal. Like most people have already said in their reviews, finding a restaurant for Malaysian food in Pittsburgh is in and of itself impressive. I think once I got over the novelty of finding a place for prawn noodles, hainanese chicken and roti canai, I could more objectively rate the restaurant itself. I just don't think Sun Penang deserves high praises for being the only place where you can get _______ in Pittsburgh. This city is better than that! And, I believe the other reviews that say the food used to be better. So, before giving the stars away , let's make Sun Penang earn it again! The one saving grace is their outdoor seating. On that one beautiful Pittsburgh spring day, having a meal while people-watching in Squirrel Hill is definitely a treat.
5	Delicious food, nice ambience, and friendly service. It's pretty amazing how there is Malaysian food in Pittsburgh. During all of the times I went there, I never had a bad experience. I highly recommend Sun Penang!
4	I'm reviewing this based on the dim sum that Sun Penang has to offer.  We went on a Saturday afternoon for dim sum.  We quickly were offered the first of two carts, from which we selected several items.  I would say that the items in the carts were a bit more towards room temperature than the items ordered off of the menu.  Everything was pretty good (although I would not recommend the spring rolls).  The two items that stuck out were the pork dumplings (that had a ton of filling) and the malaysian cake (which was like the best angel food cake I've ever had).Overall I would definitely recommend Sun Penang for dim sum.
4	If you're looking for a mind blowing adventure in taste - this is not the place to go. Sun Penang is meant for comfort and quality. I love the ambience created by the soft muted tones of asian decor in contrast with bold color splashes. The service is friendly and attentive.However, the true star of the Restaurant is its Malaysian cuisine. The flavorful blend of spices in the Beef Rendang and the Curry Chicken with Potatoes scream comfort with every bite. Their Penang Prawn Noodles are nothing to scoff at either. This restaurant has good prices and different portion sizes. I would recommend giving it a chance and letting your taste-buds explore the comfort found in Malaysian cuisine.
3	Their small dishes are better than the entrees.  My best experience was when I went with a large group of people and shared multiple appetizers. Otherwise, I find the main dishes to be generally disappointing. They are not all that different from what you might find at other Asian restaurants (more generic Chinese than Malaysian).Since 2008 or so, they also began to offer "Hong Kong style dim sum."  Although the selection is limited and the dishes taste like reheated frozen stuff, I welcomed the addition. A Sunday brunch at Sun Penang offers at least a pale imitation of the dim sum experience (they'll even wheel out one lonely steam cart), which is the best we can get in Pittsburgh for now. Of the dim sum items, I like: the stuffed eggplant. I also find that  the Malaysian sponge cake, the baos, and the shrimp dumplings are pretty robust to reheating. If you are ordering to-go, you can revive the egg custard in your toaster oven. I am disappointed by: the turnip cakes (I prefer Rose Tea's) and the congee (Ka Mei's is marginally better).Overall, their food is above the minimum threshold, but it's hard to get too excited about them.
1	If you are a vegetarian DO NOT go here!!!My wife went there with a friend and brought me home take out. She asked if they had Gen. Tso TOFU (stress - TOFU). They said they do not but that they could make some.How awesome right? WRONG - they were too stupid to actually make it. Well if you're a meat eater this next part might not seem too important but if you're not you'll understand - she paid for and they sent her off with CHICKEN! That's right c h i c k e n, chicken. Disgusting dirty bird parts. When I opened the container I nearly puked. The stench of dead birds permeated our apartment and we both began to gag. So we paid for a big bowl of dead rotting animal parts. I'd like to have our money back but I'm not going to drive all the way back out there for it - I just wish these idiots could understand what a disgusting mistake they made. I'm sure it was just a mistake but it's one that you should NEVER make when it comes to serving those that don't eat flesh. Clearly a mistake like this shows that they have little regard for peoples dietary needs. I can only assume that even if they got it right they may have cross-contaminated it with dead animal parts. If you are a vegetarian DO NOT go here!!!
1	This was definitely a disappointment (I guess I should have realized it wouldn't be anything special given that the place is normally empty).  I ordered delivery from here and it took over an hour (mind you I live about a five-minute drive away).  I ordered Singapore Rice Noodles and Spring Rolls.  The spring rolls were definitely not fresh or homemade and were an extremely small portion for $3.50.  In general, I felt that the prices were a little high (and am surprised that so many people commented on how low the prices were below).  The Singapore Rice Noodles were supposed to be with shrimp but arrived with about two pieces of shrimp and about 15 pieces of chicken (mind you, I don't eat meat...and there was no mention of chicken on their menu).  That was the disappointment that has made me decide to give it such a low score.  I can honestly say I will never patronize this restaurant and will encourage others to do the same....
3	Had some dim sum for lunch today.  Steamed pork bun and the Lotus Leaf wrapped sticky rice. The latter was the star though it felt like it took nearly a half hour to get to the table. Unlike most dim sum places, not served with any sauces. Maybe you have to ask. Also tea charge is $3/pot.I guess its tough to serve dim sum in small quantities, but I had much better experience with low volume dim sum in Singapore a couple months ago.$15 min credit card charge is a bit annoying too...
3	Dropped in for a much-needed lunch after a day of apartment hunting.  We split two entrees - Taylor had some form of curry chicken with potatoes, and I had a noodle dish with tofu, shrimp, mixed vegetables, chiles, and potatoes in a brown sauce.Both dishes were all right - mine was better by far.  Still, it wasn't creative or unique at all - its appeal lay in its nostalgic flavor.  One bite, and I immediately thought "Chinese food!"  I've been eating Thai for so long, I'd almost forgotten the taste of Chinese, but this was it.  Americanized Chinese food, anyway.  It's a good taste, just not a super-exciting one.  I'd skip the curry chicken with potatoes - the flavors were bland and it was served in a very thin sauce that was more like a broth.  I'd stop in again to try the dim sum, or if I wanted some simple take-out....but this was my first foray into Asian food in Pittsburgh, and I hope to find better!
2	Went here with my wife & her family for dim sum.  They are chinese and they hated the place, her mom even sent back the taro cake which was reheated in the first place.I hate dim sum in the first place, but I had a better experience here than I did in one philly & one nj dim sum restaurant...My favorite was the malaysian dessert cake - definitely worth a try.  Not much to write about the rest since it was just a bunch of mediocre food.
2	First we weren't hungry, so we ordered light... shrimp puffs(we call them bacon-wrapped shrimp at my favorite dim-sum parlor in New York), Roti-canai(actually pronounced Ro'tee Cha' nai in Malaysia) and Chow Kuey Teow(a standard Malaysian staple 'chow-fun' and a good indicator in judging a Malaysian restaurant.. you screw this one up...you may wipe out any chance of a five-star rating regardless of the quality of other dishes). Well the Shrimp-Puff gets an A-, the Roti Canai, a B-(sauce is a little watery), the Chow Kuey Teow, a D-, awful, the shrimp is overdone like rubber eraser, squid(not indicated in the menu). same problem , and overall too spicy(even for a person who loves hot spice), and way overpriced,yuck. By the way the standard Chow Kuey Teow uses only Shrimp or Baby Clams in Malaysia. This is reviewed by a former Malaysian, now a New Yorker and a Pittsburgher. That's  all folks! Hope the owners and the chefs read this because things really need improving.
2	With a spacious bar that opens up to the street and a few tables on the sidewalk, this place looks so inviting. Every time I passed by, I wanted to go in. When I finally got a chance to grab lunch here, it was so disappointing. We got dim sum: pork buns, sesame balls, lotus leaf sticky rice, taro and shrimp and probably something else. It was all pretty gross, even the fancy sounding lotus leaf.
3	I went here for dim sum. Overall, the food was good, although I have an aversion to bones in my meat. The service was quick and the atmosphere very nice. If you're looking for dim sum in Squirrel Hill, this is the place to go.
3	I grew up in Penang, Malaysia. I've also been to multiple Malaysian restaurant around the east coast and the midwest. So it is safe to say i know plenty when it comes to malaysian food. We ordered some roti canai, loh bak and satay as our appetizer. Roti canai is too small of a portion but the kuah (curry) is actually decent. The satay is nothing like satay but chicken on sticks. Loh bak is actually pretty good except they serve it with a sweet sauce instead of "loh". Defeats the point of the LOH bak if its without "loh".We ordered a Mee Goreng, Char Koay Teow and Curry Mee. The Mee Goreng is good. I give mad props for that cause its one of my all time favorite. However, the Char Koay Teow and the Curry Mee was a big disappointment. Will probably still give it another try when i return to Pittsburgh next time.
3	Having read some Yelp reviews of this place, I didn't expect much when I came here for lunch even though the friend I was dining with said how much she enjoyed the place.The lunch specials here are $7, and come with a salad and a vegetable spring roll.  I was satisfied with the green curry I ordered, which also included a side of white rice.  The vegetables (green pepper, onion, broccoli, snow peas, and eggplant) were fresh.  The curry wasn't super spicy, but had good flavors.We split a dim sum order of sesame balls for dessert, and they came out piping hot, fresh from the fryer.  Not bad for lunch, though it's more pan-Asian than Malaysian or any other specific Asian culture.
3	If I could give this place a 3.5, I would.  I love their tofu dish, they use a special tofu made of eggs instead of soy bean.  That results in a much tastier tofu dish.I also like their noodles.  I can't quite remember the name but the clear noodles are very flavorful.  The herb soup is also another favorite.  The herbs will warm you up during the cold winters.  The Hainan chicken was decent; not the best I've had but certainly not the worst.  Overall, I can't remember actually picking a dish that I disliked from this restaurant.  But, then again, maybe I was just lucky in all my choices :-)
3	Dim sum was not too bad all things considered. Tea tasted funny like it came out of a giant vat that was never cleaned properly.a decent place to go if you're in pittsburgh and need a dim sum fix.
5	I have reviewed this restaurant on urbanspoon & only recently joined yelp. I was surprised to see some negatives. I am a fan of their Dim Sum. Their Thai tea is authentic--though as is the nature of this tea, it is rich in cream and is sweet. I love their noodle soups and their Roti Telur is one of my favorites. I can't say I have eaten at any other Malaysian restaurant, but I have enjoyed every meal at this restaurant.
2	After walking by this place for a couple years, I finally decided to stop in with my wife for dinner. It looks decent from the outside, and even the indoor ambiance is pleasant enough (though the smooth jazz background music seemed out of place). Our waiter was friendly. We started with the spring rolls: they did not taste fresh; they were soggy and seemed like the frozen kind one picks up at Costco. I had a bowl of unremarkable hot and sour soup. Our entrees arrived a short while later. My wife ordered the prawn noodle soup -- big mistake! The broth was incredibly thick with a slightly sour, unpleasant flavor. I got the mango chicken; actually, I thought it was quite tasty with lots of chicken, plenty of mango slivers (though a few were unexpectedly crunchy) and a sweet, spicy sauce. Afterwards, my wife ordered the sesame dumplings for desert. While we waited, our waiter stopped by twice to tell us that they were making them "fresh" just for us. After a little wait, they finally arrived, piping hot and absolutely swimming in grease! Yuck! The picture in the menu showed three, but we only got two. They were completely tasteless, and greasy as all get-out. We each took a bite and left the rest.After a so-so meal, the real slap in the face was the "rounding" applied to the bill. Since when was it acceptable for a restaurant to round a customer's bill UP? (Especially in this age of credit card payments!) In our case, it was only one cent (to make the final bill $36.50 instead of the correct $36.49), but after reading other reviews here, I see that they do this regularly for other amounts too. The audacity! One cent, four cents -- the amount doesn't matter. DON'T DARE CHARGE ME A PENNY MORE THAN I OWE just so you can have an "even" amount. I deducted a penny from the tip and left them with an odd amount anyway.I've had worse restaurant experiences, but plenty of better ones. Our meal wasn't worth half of what we paid for it. Sun Penang was a big disappointment and I will never go back.
3	Really great interior decor and beautiful bar. We grabbed seats on the patio, because the weather was beautiful. The wait staff was friendly, and the fresh spring rolls to start were good. Not impressively good, but I just love spring rolls and they satisfied my craving. I ordered the basil tofu with brown rice, which was not what I imagined it would be. It almost had a tomato-sauce taste and I really couldn't taste the basil, but there were tons of fresh veggies and the tofu was cooked well. It also wasn't heavy and greasy, which I like. Our food came quickly and was hot. I definitely had Thai on the mind and unfortunately Sun Penang didn't deliver killer Thai, but Thai is not their specialty.  The menu is more Chinese than anything. I'm not cutting them down in any way, because they have a good thing going, it just won't be my go-to for Thai.
3	Has Malayasian and Chinese Cuisine. Good service, I thought that the Sarong Bourong was awesome, but everything else I have ever had is just good. Great place to grab lunch.
4	I'm actually pretty surprised by the negative comments on this restaurant, judging by how I'd have to say the food was pretty amazing when I went a week ago. It could just be the food we ordered was slamming or the chef, but whatever it was, I'd definitely come back. My family and I went there on a whim because we were in the area and it sounded interesting so we said, why not. Keep in mind that this review is for the dinner service.I'd have to say the Sarang Burong is definitely a black pearl in this restaurant. The taro outer layer was just cooked perfectly. It wasn't too crispy but just had the right crispiness to the taro with plenty of seafood and chicken inside. The Hainan chicken was also good as well and had tons of flavor in each bite. We saw dim sum on the menu and decided to try some and I would say the dim sum is just OK. Nothing extraordinary, but not bad by any means.
4	More of a 3.5Went here yesterday July 4th for lunch after driving in from NY. We ordered: Kara Mee Soup (highly recommended)Pad Thai  (highly recommended)Dim Sum:      Fried Squid (was alright, but a bit greasy)     Garlic Spare Ribs (could have been better, needed a longer cooking time)We tried to order the egg custard and roast pork bun, but they didn't have either. Service was alright.  The glasses were filled, but not always quickly.  Hot sauce was brought out quickly so the food did not get cold waiting to be spiced.  I would have preferred that the waiter brought out service silverware since we said we would be sharing everything, though he did make sure we had extra bowls and plates.Overall a good experience.  The food was solid and the Pad Thai was particularly delicious!
3	I like it...if you think of it as unapologetically greasy hole-in-the-wall Asian food. If we're comparing it against other places of that caliber, it's average, maybe a bit above par. But the prices are, in my opinion, a little high for what it is. It seems like they're trying to compete with some of the other, more "refined" Asian restaurants in Squirrel Hill and be a Malay version of Bangkok Balcony or Chaya, but the food just didn't reflect that for me.I mean, it was good! The mee goreng was yummy...but it tasted like something from a food cart! You know what I'm saying? I also don't really understand all the Chinese and Thai dishes on the menu...if they stuck to Malaysian fare and lowered the prices, my rating would probably be more favorable.
4	This is one of the only Malay/Indo places in Pittsburgh, and it's not bad.  The Pangan Ikan is crispy and juicy, and the Mee Goreng is quite good even if it isn't the most authentic.  You can also get Nasi Lemak if you ask for it (not on the menu anymore), too bad they stopped putting anchovies in it.
3	Hit or miss. I had a spicy seafood soup here which was divine, but I've also had utterly terrible green curry, a lousy mango salad, and uninspiring dim sum. This seems to be one of those restaurants which has a few really good dishes, but you really have to cross your fingers when ordering something unknown. On the plus side, the service has been friendly, and the atmosphere is pleasant enough.
4	I decided to give this restaurant a second chance and have concluded it is hit or miss as well, but my recent experience was definitely deserving of four stars. We ordered the green curry with chicken, which has this amazing light green curry sauce with coconut that has a perfect amount of spice to it.  It might be too spicy for those who are sensitive and tend to steer away from spice.  Also it was one of the best southeast asian curry dishes I've ever had.  We also ordered the basil eggplant and tofu which came in a delicious sauce with various vegetables; this dish was also spicy which was wonderful.  I really do not recommend the pad thai but would like to go back to try the other noodle and rice dishes.  I was pleasantly surprised that their specialty dishes are quite tasty.  I was really apprehensive at first but the next time i visit I'll definitely open up to trying new dishes.
5	I'm honestly surprised to see some of the low grade.  Great tea and a group of great appetizers, especially the tofu one.  The curry isn't phenomenal but is pretty good for Pittsburgh and he indian-malaysian inspired dishes are authentic. Service is great and restaurant is really comfortable as well.  They also deliver quickly and will bring some of their great tea!  My second favorite in squirrel hill.
1	Awful. Good food poisoning.
4	This 4 star review is happily posted for Sun Penang's dim sum menu!  (I honestly don't know why the reviews are not great here.)After some disappointing outings for dim sum in Pittsburgh (I'm looking at you, New Dumpling House and Empire Palace!), my family and I finally came across Sun Penang in Squirrel Hill and we are so glad we gave them a chance today.We got an assortment from the dim sum menu to get an idea of what they had to offer.  There is a pretty good selection (available from 11am-9:30pm) and the prices are reasonable.  Here's what we got:Bean Curd Skin Roll - excellentShiu Mei (Pork and Shrimp) - also excellent, did a 2nd order on this oneChive with Shrimp (Dim Sum) - greatRice Kor (Dim Sum) - OK, great texture on the outside, a little skimpy on the fillingSteamed Dumpling - OK, filling was good but the dumpling skin was a little soggyCoconut Cake - perfect dessertSteamed Pork Bun - greatI also ordered the Young Chow Fried Rice from the regular menu.  This was good and it hit the spot flavorwise.  Not heavy on the white onions, great rice to meat ratio but it was a little oily.  We went in on a Saturday lunch and the service was very attentive and friendly.  Our family can rest a little easier knowing that we found a dim sum spot in our new home in Pittsburgh!
3	Food flavors are nice, but I think the food sits all day and gets sent out after being microwaved.
4	I've been there twice for lunch, and liked it both times.  The first time, most orders were off the regular menu.  Second time was dim sum only.  I thought the dim sum was reasonably priced and delicious, even compared to dim sum I've had in SF and Houston.  The deep-fried items (taro kor, sesame ball) were perhaps too greasy even for something deep-fried, but had a very nice crisp and tasted great.  The regular menu is on the more expensive side, but the dishes were large and very good.  I heard they do dim sum carts on weekends.  Will definitely have to go for that sometime!
2	I really wanted to like this place, having heard great things about their dim sum (which turned out just to be dim sum style dishes you order off a menu like everything else).  After sampling over a half dozen offerings, I have to say it was pretty hit or miss.  And, unfortunately, the misses were far more memorable than the hits.Soggy eggplant and bland, chewy spare ribs far outweighed passable dumplings and interesting shrimp balls.  The modicum of enjoyment brought on by Sun Penang's successes were not nearly enough to escape from the depths of disappointment that were equally present throughout their varied menu.With China Star just a short walk away, I doubt I'll ever return here.
3	Another lunch in a different place. I was attracted to Sun Penang for a number of reasons sum and Malaysian primarily.  Over all its nice. The dim sum was relatively sparse and menu ordered as opposed to being wheeled around the room. We had the shrimp bonnets which were good but the cover was not as fine as some I have had... or made. I and my companions all zeroed in on noodles which were quite good.. The Singapore noodles, Pad Thai and Penang Char Kway Teow Noodles were all good. Note that the left overs made a great breakfast as well. I'm not very familiar with the cuisine of Malaya but this was a fine meal.
4	We like to go to Sun Penang for Dim Sum. Though they don't have much competition for Dim Sum in Pittsburgh, we find it to be as good as many of the restaurants we've been to in Toronto, with less menu items. My husband loves the congee and chicken's feet and I love the beef noodle rolls, turnip cakes and bbq pork buns. And the scallion and shrimp ball is outstanding. We've also tried the Thai as take out, and it was mediocre. But there is no better place for Dim Sum brunch on a Sunday morning.
4	It was yet another movie outing in Squirrel Hill with a dinner requirement before the show, and having limited our options of 'different' places to try within walking distance of the Manor Theatre (for a blind woman) we hadn't yet tried Sun Penang and thought 'what the heck'.  Frankly, glad we did.We walked through the open front wall, since the weather was very pleasant, a little confused as to whether or not we were entering the right place, since the actual 'door' to the restaurant seemed to be leading elsewhere.  We entered to find a very pleasant decor and atmosphere, with some good jazz playing the sounds of Count Basie, and a very friendly and welcoming staff.Lee, our very sweet and handsome waiter, handed us the variety of menus, which listed a pretty broad range of options. From a dim sum menu, to a fold out menu that listed both a roster of Malaysian and Chinese dishes.We ordered drinks (thank goodness, another Coke product establishment), and a Chinese appetizer platter for two, my friend ordered a Malaysian dish of eggplant and shrimp in a chili paste sauce, and I ordered a noodle and shrimp/squid dish.The appetizers arrived first, with two spring rolls which were perfect, two crab rangoon which were also just right, two pork dumplings, three spare ribs which were slightly dry, but very tasty nonetheless, two chicken-on-a-stick creations which were also quite yummy, two butterfly fried shrimp that actually tasted rather buttery and delicious, and two sauces (duck, which has always baffled me...why 'duck'? Is it supposed to be a sauce for duck? At any rate, I've never been a fan of orange - or is it peach? -  jelly with a salty edge) and a soy based dipping sauce that complimented just about anything that was dipped into it.Then came the entrees - handsome Lee brought them over just in time as the appetizers were gone. Both dishes were plentiful and flavorful, with enough to drag with us in take out containers to the movie theater.My noodle dish perfectly hit the spot. A brown sauce with a smoky sesame oil flavor, with nicely done shrimp and non-rubbery squid, egg, scallions, and perfectly cooked flat rice noodles.  My friend's dish, the eggplant and shrimp was perfect and came with a bowl of rice.  And both had leftovers for home.The beverages were kept filled by the cute little Mexican busboy (which is a phenomenon that has always baffled me - one ethnicity with a language issue, paired with another ethnicity with a totally different language issue - but there they always are - Mexican busboys in Asian restaurants - a challenge that baffles - but hey, the view is usually very pleasing) and empty dishes whisked away.The total bill was $52, and the only price I would quibble with was the iced tea that my friend had - $3.75? really??Lee was absolutely charming and kind. Worthy of a big ol' hug. The restaurant was pretty empty the entire time, which really did seem a shame considering the quality we were receiving, not only in food, but also in service and atmosphere.It was comfortable, filling, delicious and friendly.  We could easily become regulars.I really don't understand the general overall three-star rating. It deserves at least one more. It's a nice change in the neighborhood, a variety of offerings, and just plain nice people.
2	Ordered Vegetarian Pad Thai and Thai Ice tea. The pad thai was so bad (despite me ordering like a spice level 8). No flavor.. not enough salt. It wasn't so good. In fact I still have half of it left in my plate as I write this review and I am going to have to toss it. Rather not eat Veggie Pad Thai ever here
4	Excellent all around, but service is very slow if you eat there; I recommend take out. Dim sum menu is delicious (I recommend the turnip cake and what they call 'lotus leaf sticky rice' which is actually  [zongzi], a sticky rice dumpling), and the rest of the menu is delicious as well (best  [beef chow fun] in Squirrel Hill).They do have a full bar, but the drinks from it are not particularly good.
5	I love the food and service. I go to this place frequently. My favorite dish is the singapore friend noodles. They also have a full bar which makes the place even better.
2	1.5/5 - Beef Chow Fun: Lack of flavor, no spice, beef was a bit chewy.
5	I'm so excited Sun Penang now offers Shabu Shabu hot pot! The broth and dipping sauce was amazing and the veggies were all fresh. I will definitely come back here again.
4	I was extremely impressed by the Malaysian specials on the menu.  I tried the Mango Chicken, and it was excellent, both in terms of presentation and taste.  My friend ordered the Basil Noodle and it was also very good.  With most entrees priced at 12 to 16 dollars, I think Sun Penang is an excellent value.
4	Good place for a dim-sum brunch! Been there several times. It's not the greatest dim-sum I ever had. But as the only dim sum place I can find in Pittsburgh, it's not bad. If anybody know any other dim sum restaurant, let me know.
4	Dim sum menu is nice, great for large groups.
4	Their Kari Mee soup is fantastic on a cold winter's night. I highly recommend ordering it extra spicy, and most importantly they deliver!
4	The food and the service are consistently good here.   My only complaint is the cleanliness of the bathroom on the main floor.  It smells like man pee.  Otherwise, the food, the service, and the atmosphere are wonderful.
5	I stopped here for lunchtime dim sum with two friends on my birthday. It was delicious! Lots of options and different sauces with almost every dish. The server was fantastic - working with me on my sensitivity to shrimp and constantly swooping in for refills. The owner/manager stopped over to chat with us and was sweet and funny. Can't wait to take a group back!
3	Wasn't the best ambience u can get. The guy almost drove us away since they were about to close! But loved the 'roti kanai' dish. Probably shall keep going back only for that dish.
5	Boy it was hot today and although I was not really in the mood for some heavy Malaysian food I decided to give this place a try. I had the Penang Char Kway Teow Noodles, which was stir fried wide noodles with squid, shrimp, bean sprout, egg and chili paste. I also ordered stuffed eggplant as an appetizer. Both dishes were very delicious. The eggplant dish both looked and tasted exotic and, more importantly, good. The main dish I would have otherwise had to pack since it was a large serving but was tasty enough that I devoured the entire dish on the spot. It was rather spicy but still tasted very good. Oh I also had the Malaysian Iced Milk Tea, which was sweet but watered down with ice and thus tasted very good.My server was friendly and accommodating and often came by to fill my glass of water.  Only minor setback was that it was only a little cooler inside as it was open to the outside (and it was extremely hot). None of this would detract from the overall experience. Wow that food was so delicious. Five stars for me.
4	I find Pittsburgh's obsession with "new American" cuisine to be annoying and can I say small minded? Why not! Endless nights of over priced boring food leave me with a bad taste in my mouth...that given, when you love Dim Sum, you will do anything to get it, even risk a muti-ethnic cuisine restaurant. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the Dim-Sum here, and let's put that statement in perspective--I have lived in San Francisco (home of world's best dim sum) and I'm from New York--a close second contender. I am not some burger-chomping novice---though I do love a good burger.We ordered the chinese broccoli, the shrimp with chives dumplings (way better than the plain shrimp ones which we also ordered) the stuffed eggplant, the bean curd skin roll, the shrimp rice roll and the fried sesame balls. My only real complaint is the price--which was more than 20 dollars per person. However, we left feeling stuffed and elated. The people next to us ordered crab rangoon though, just to give you an idea of the uphill battle for good food in Pittsburgh. So GO support this place and their all-day dim sum effort. Maybe if we go there enough they will lower the prices?
1	I ordered food from Sun Penang because of the great Yelp reviews. I excitedly called in orange chicken and thai iced tea. An hour and a half after I placed my order, I wondered where my food was. Finally! A phone call! But alas, it was only the driver calling to tell me that he spilled my tea in the car. Would I like him to drive back to the restaurant, make a new one, and come back to Shadyside? No, my hunger couldn't wait more time in addition to the hour and a half. About ten minutes later, my food arrived. Salvation! I ran upstairs and to my kitchen table, ready to eat. I eagerly took my first bite of the suspiciously cold chicken. An entire mouthful of chilled congealed fat caused me to vomit on my table. One star.
1	I thought being in squirrel hill this place would be right on.  More like way off.  The waiter was not very friendly. My food came out 10 minutes after my friends meal did and we were the only ones in there.  I won't be going back there. However the receptionist was very very nice.
4	The food at Sun Penang is pretty okay. It's nothing too out of ordinary. I ordered the Seafood Tom Yum Mee Hoon and a couple of dim sums, Taro with Shrimp and Bean Curd Skin Roll from Grubhub.The Tom Yum Mee Hoon is fairly ordinary. The Mee Hoon, the rice noodles, are pretty  chewy. However, it doesn't really soak up the soup, as I have left it over night. The amount of seafood they give is pretty generous: there are multiple scallops and shrimps. The seafood doesn't feel particularly fresh though. Other than seafood, there are also celery, tomatoes, baby corn, and string beans, which gives it a nice vegetable mix. The soup however is really sour and not as spicy as I expected. After finishing it, I kept on salivating.The dim sums are the main reason I order from here. The Taro with Shrimp is made with fried thin taro slices with shrimp in the middle. It is crispy and makes a good snack. The Bean Curd Skin Roll is very savory and the meat itself is pretty dense, so if you're hungry, it is a good filler.All in all, I will continue to come to Sun Penang, because of the Dim Sum. I don't really recommend any of their other entrees, as I have never had anything truly spectacular.
3	Decent Malaysian food because Pittsburgh lacks Malaysian food in general. I would mainly come here for the dimsum, since this seems to be the only place in Pittsburgh that serves a decent amount of dimsum. You can find most of the dimsum you would expect to see at a restaurant in Chinatown. The quality of the dimsum is also surprisingly good if more expensive. They even have douhua. Best part is you can order them via Grubhub, so if you ever have an insatiable need for dimsum, it's quick and convenient to get.Favorite ones to order:Bean Curd Skin RollEgg Custard TartsTurnip CakeTaro KorShrimp and Chive DumplingsStuffed EggplantBeef TripeDouhuaShiu MaiShrimp DumplingsI recommend to not order their Congee and Sticky Rice. Both are really overpriced and flavorless.
2	Large variety, poor quality. There's nothing here I've tried that wasn't a huge let down. The food is bland, leaves plenty to be desired. I've tried the spring rolls, they are too big and not crisped, the pad thai, green curry, potato curry, and fried rice. Everything smells better than it tastes. The only positive is that they delivers and they take online orders through GrubHub.
4	I'm going to give this 4 stars because there are very few options for Malaysian and Dim Sum in Pittsburgh but if this were in a larger city it would probably be more like 3 stars.I went there once for lunch and had one of their Malaysian noodle soup dishes which was pretty good but not amazing.  I also went for Dim Sum on a Sunday and very much enjoyed it.  They had a large diversity of options and everything was very tasty.  It's certainly not at the level I've had in places like Boston, Seattle, or NYC but for Pittsburgh I was very satisfied.  My friend who had lived in China for a year also found it to be pretty decent.  I would definitely go there again.  The service was very good and the prices reasonable. The atmosphere was comfortable though I found the lighting to be rather dark.  There is also some outdoor seating available when the weather is good and a full bar with seating.
1	This used to be my favorite restaurant in the town. But I was so disappointed today! Poor service and cold dim sum. The shrimp dumpling were cold. And the egg custard buns were raw!! The flour was running! OMG! Disgusting!  Also, the server dip water on my friend's coat and he did nothing! Ridiculous!
1	Worst meal I have had to date.  Orange Beef, hot n sour soup, brown rice all terrible.  How do you mess up rice?  The rice has some smokey coal bad water flavor going on....yuck...good bye 30 dollars.
3	Sun Penang offers great lunch options if you go between hours of 11-3pm. You can practically eat lunch for less than 10 bucks and that's including soup/egg roll and a main entree. It's not so great during dinner hours. I ordered the mango chicken from the dinner menu and it was not so impressive. It came with a whole mango cut into halves and stuffed with chicken garnished with lettuce, peppers, and carrots (also an umbrella that you find in your drinks). The dish was extremely sweet and lacked any real flavor. I guessed I should have expected this outcome since it is called "mango chicken". I tend to come for the dim sum since this is the only place that I know of which has dim sum. The dim sum menu is very limited and the "shiu mei" and shrimp balls were pretty small. Anyway, the reason for my 3 stars is that the place usually only has one waiter or waitress for the entire place so the food comes out very slow. And also, I feel the food is altered to the American taste with large amounts of sugar added and the dim sum portions are small. There's definitely better Malaysian/Chinese/Dim sum elsewhere....
3	I'm surprised the food in this restaurant is so multi-ethnic. It has Chinese food and dim sum, Thai and Malaysian (never tried authentic Malaysian). As for what I ordered, they are all altered to fit American taste. Chicken feet & fried intestine, I know they are so Chinese and I wonder how many non-Chinese would try. They are actually tasty though not very much like those I had home. The entree, forgot the name, but it tastes like typical American style Chinese food, which doesn't agree with me. Coconut cake looks good but tastes like a disaster. It lacks coconut flavor but is like that the sugar is free so it can be squandered into dessert. I wonder why it belongs to the dim sum category. Service good. Lighting a bit dark. Not a bad restaurant but not one I like around the area.
3	We had stuffed eggplant and pork bun dim sum, which was tasty and reasonably priced.  I had tofu basil and asked for it very spicy, loved it!!  Hubby had spicy beef and broccoli and he cleaned his plate. Very friendly waitstaff, knew the menu well.  Only complaint was the bathroom, needs a complete gut job--if I went in there first I would probably not have been able to eat.
4	Came here with a couple of friends a while back, since it's one of the few restaurants in PGH that serves Malaysian food.  One of my friends and I spent several months in S.E. Asia back in 2010, and we were excited to see laksa, one of our favorite dishes, on the menu.  Since it was awhile ago, I don't remember specifics about the flavor profile, etc., but I remember that we were both impressed with the quality for a place in PGH.The atmosphere is pretty laid back, though I agree that it's dark.  Don't remember much about service, so it must have been okay.  If you're looking for decent S.E. Asian food in PGH, give it a try!
5	The food is great, not to mention the soft jazz in the background.  I get lunch and dinner from here on a regular basis.  Everything is tasty.  Mango shrimp all the way!  I also love congee and shimp dumplings.  Mai Tais and Singapore Slings!  The owners are super nice and Steven is an awesome waiter.  And they have outdoor seating that's dog-friendly!  What?!  Yes.  Bring everybody and the pooch!
4	If you come here snd get dim sum its really good and its the onky place to get dimsum in the pitsburgh morganrown area. The shrimp dumplings are better than most along with the fried shrimp balls and the steamed pork buns.
1	I don't do reviews but just for this, I download the app. This is by far the worst Malaysian food that we have had.  We were greeted rudely.. (Surprisingly,  he was the owner of the restaurant!) which totally ruined our mood. However, the waitress was really nice. We ordered the Hainan chicken rice and curry chicken.. As we thought we couldnt go wrong with these. The chicken rice was blend and horrible!  And did have the taste of chicken but just brown fried rice with oil. The chicken meat was dry and coarse.  Curry chicken was bad.. rotten kind of bad that it tasted sour. The boss did not even apologize nor spoke to us - I didn't think he'd care! For what they charged, not even worth it : portion wise nor quality. Totally disappointed because we read the good reviews before going. I'd rate it 0 star if I could, so 1 star is for the nice waitress.  Would not recommend anyone going there if you're expecting decent malaysian food.
2	Ordered online from grubhub. The food was fine, but the Thai ice tea tasted funky. The delivery service was horrible. The driver took a long time to find our house, and then forgot to give us the Thai ice tea. We had to call the restaurant for the driver to come back and redeliver our drinks. Would much rather go in person than order delivery.
5	Delicious variety of food, good drinks. Everything tastes very authentic and the staff is really nice too.
5	We have been here several times, it's one of our favorites. They have a great dim sum menu along with your favorite chinese selections. A couple of my favorites on the menu are the egg drop soup, crab rangoon, shu mai, and fried shrimp balls. The servers are always friendly. Prices are reasonable. The only complaint would be parking but that's Squirrel Hill for ya!
3	Came here for dim sum based on previous positive comments on Yelp. There was a variety to choose from. For dim sum, we ordered shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, ribs, beef tripe. It was decent. Not bad but not great. One down side was everything came out lukewarm. I usually like my dim sum fresh out of pot and steaming hot. We also ordered stir fried vegetables and porridge with thousand year eggs and pork. The vegetables were very tasty and fresh. The porridge wasn't very well done. I felt the ingredients weren't really blending together. Maybe it was done in a hurry. Nice environment with soft music. Doesn't look like your typical dim sum place. Good service.
