5	Here is the deal.  You have to ask for the Chinese menu.  I am not saying this is right but if you are anything other than Chinese, they will hand you the "American" menu.  DO NOT GO THERE!!  Ask for the Chinese menu.  This is the BEST Chinese restaurant that I have eaten at in the states.  I lived in China for a year and this is truely authentic western China food.  I spent a couple months in Sichuan province in the west and you are getting exactly what is served there.  Try the "yu xiang rou si" literally translated, fish smelling small pieces of meat.  It is julienned pork in a wonderful sauce that DOES NOT  have any fish flavor or smell at all.  It is SO good.  One of my favs.  Also try the julienned potato with green pepper, wonderful!!  Ma Po Dou Fu is very traditional of the Sichuan province and known all over the country.  These guys make it right using the star anise which gives heat and a numbing quality of the mouth.  If this happens, it is authentic.  You will know what I mean when you have it.  Sichuan food is a bit oily which is authentic, a chile oil to warm them, since in the west up in the mountains that lead up to Tibet (known as the Gateway to Tibet) where the winters are very cold.
5	I'm going to make this short.1. This is not your typical chinese restaurant.2. They serve Sichuan styled food, and their american menu indeed sucks.3. If you like sichuan styled food, this is a great place to go.Unfortunately it is not the best for anything else but they offer what they have very well (if you know what to expect).
3	Am I impressed?---Not!....I went here with 15 Authentic Chinese Nationals as my friend is Chinese and had relatives visiting the Phoenix desert!  We scouted this location and decided on this restaurant.The sauces were a bit on the salty side---had to return a couple dishes back for the over use of salt...The rest was doable but nothing exceptional.  I didn't take notice of any frozen veggies being used, but it wouldn't surprise me...Times being what they are, everyone tries to cut corners...on the other hand, the price charged for our large group was reasonable, the decor was fine, and the location had plenty of accessible parking and felt safe.The food did taste authentic but boring at best!---I guess that it is a cultural thing, and I need to get culturalized!  I did get tested for ---(never mind!), anyway, the culture turned out negative!---lolI give it three stars---One for parking, one for location, and one for authenticness....On a date though---PF Chang's! or Sushi!
2	My experience here this past weekend was mediocre at best.  I arrived at the Chinese Cultural Center at about 4pm, after Dim Sum had ended at the Golden Buddha, so I decided to give this place a try with my Taiwanese boyfriend and visiting family.  The prices were a bit of a rip off for the portions that were served.  I order the vegetarian chow fun for $1 extra than it would have been as "chow mein."  I'm assuming we just received the American menu, but who knows?  The service was conducted half in English and half in Chinese, which is typical when our mixed race party shows up at a Chinese restaurant.  I sampled the lemon shrimp my father ordered.  The sauce was a bit too sugary, like lemon drops, and the shrimp itself had such a thick, hard shell of batter that it was hard to taste the shrimp.  No drinks were suggested; we were left with only the water that was refilled every 5 minutes.  When we boxed up some leftovers, they did not give us the rice to take home, which makes me wary that it is being re-used.  A child was with us, and there was no kid's menu, which was a bit of a disappointment.  The food overall tasted alright, but I have definitely had better (and better service too!)  Nice try, but I'll stick with the Golden Buddha or something closer to Chandler.
4	Delicious numbingly spicy  Sichuan food.  I'm personally addicted to Sichuan red peppercorns which are not only spicy but cause your taste buds to salivate uncontrollably.  I was happy to find that it was generously used in most of the dishes I ordered.  We went for lunch and decided to stay away from the lunch menu which was a hit list of popular Americanized Chinese food.  We ordered the first appetizer on the menu which is "Husband and Wife Lung Slices" - name sounds sadistic but it's actually to do with a husband and wife team in ancient China who sold such delicious sliced lung that the dish was named after them.  Lung is rarely used any more.  At Szechwan Palace they used a combination of thinly-sliced shank marbled with tendon and strips of tripe marinated in a chili oil sauce.The cumin wok-fried beef was generously spiced and reminded us of the BBQ skewers that Mongolian street vendors used to sell in Shanghai.Stay away from the familiar Americanized dishes and you will be rewarded.
4	As Helen Y. put it 'numbingly spicy'! The flavors were pretty happening and quite exotic. Most of the dishes that we tried were off of the special Chinese menu in the leather bound menu. I couldn't tell you exactly what we were eating as we volunteered Helen Y. to order for the table.. she did a fantastic job selecting dishes that all worked very well with one another. She knows here Asian style cuisine.. I will gladly eat with her any day! After only a few bites my tongue was literally tingling from the chilies they used. Now these don't burn your mouth or throat like Mexican chilies do.. just makes your tongue sort of numb but very very good in flavor and texture. I was worried about this place since I read that service was so slow. Maybe they have been on here because the place was pretty crowded and the service was fantastically friendly and attentive. Now I am pondering.. what can one do with a numb tongue?
4	We've just discovered two new awesome dishes at Szechwan Palace -  the cumin covered lamb riblets on the Chinese menu as well as the Water Boiled Fish Filets on the regular menu.The lamb riblets are coated with cumin and other spices, quick fried and then wok-fried with whole dried chilies, Szechwan numbing red peppercorns and caramelized onions.  This is a finger-lickin' tasty dish which you have to eat with your fingers unless you have amazing chopstick skills. The Water Boiled dishes are a famous Szechwan classic which I don't know why I haven't ordered until today.  The plain name is quite misleading.  It's a clear soup boiled with an insane amount of chilies, more numbing peppercorns, Napa cabbage, a little celery, fermented beans and garnished with sprigs of coriander.  You have choice of meat and we chose fish today.  The filets are coated with cornstarch and quickfried to preserve it's moisture and tenderness before adding to the stew.  This is by far the spiciest and most flavorful dish I've had here so far.  I think I'm hooked.Let me stress that this restaurant excels at authentic Szechwan food, not American-style Chinese dishes or even Cantonese dishes.  Although the xiao long bao (Shanghainese soup buns) were surprisingly good.  I wonder if they share some dishes with the Shanghainese restaurant on the other side of Ranch Market, which was extremely quiet in contrast to Szechwan Palace which was packed with a weekday office lunch crowd.
4	Cha-ching! I got lucky my first time at Szechwan Palace! I had Helen Y. with me (Jason W. was along for the culinary experience as well), and she helped us navigate the Chinese menu, explaining about Szechwan cuisine and selecting some different dishes for us to try. I don't remember everything we tried, but the two standout dishes were definitely the fish filets and the water-boiled beef. The fish was cooked perfectly, with a creamy texture and a simple, sweet flavor. The water-boiled beef was spicy and so satisfying - my sinuses totally felt clearer as I ate it! I also enjoyed the soup buns. I'm not a big lamb fan, but the lamb riblets that Helen described in her review were good and would probably be a big hit with anyone who doesn't mind the gamier taste. The restaurant's atmosphere isn't anything to write home about, but the service was decent and the prices (about $15 a person) were definitely really reasonable for the amount and quality of the food we tried. Thanks to Helen for introducing me to this place. When I go back with my husband (or anyone else who can't read the Chinese menu), at least I will have a few already-established favorites to order!
4	There are two ways to rock the Szechwan Palace:  1.  The small menu and a fork, 2.  The larger menu and some chopsticks.  You will likely be profiled upon entry and, unless you're Chinese, get a fork.  On my first venture to the SP, I didn't let my lack of chop slow me down.  Since the specials were off limit to us because they were "in Chinese" I ordered the water boiled fish.  As mentioned in other reviews, the sauce miraculously changes the way other foods (including water) taste and should be experimented with at length.  It isn't so much spicy as it is transcendental.  On my second venture, a friend snagged us some respect by grabbing the Chinese menu.  We liked the squid with pickle, missed out on the water boiled eel but settled for more of the fish, and really loved the baby bok choy with mushrooms.  It is best to end a meal here with some of the fine corn jelly candies at the Ranch Market next door.
4	Side note: Szechwan province is one of the best places for spicy food in ChinaDisclaimer: We are HUGE fans of spicy food. So unless you enjoy burning sensations on your palate, you might not like food items I'm mentioning here.I've been here many many times with my Chinese friends and roommates, so obviously they are always the ones who order. Our typical fare includes" a big bowl soup to share, a cold dish #1 (which means something husband and wife - includes beef tongue, stomach, etc in oil, herbs, chilies and roasted peanuts ), spicy chicken with bone in, any of spicy beef or pork dish, and some sort of stir fried veggie. We love the food here and think it's pretty authentic - which also means that some can be very very oily.
4	This place serves pretty spicy food, so if you are not a fan of spicy food, I'd suggest you to go somewhere else.I've been here many many times and it is the only Chinese restaurant that I go often and crave for in the valley. The most often ordered dish on our table is the spicy chicken with bones, you might think it's crazy for the first time because almost half of the plate is cover with red chili, but that's why it tastes so good!!!!!
4	It served it's purpose as a restaurant with good value and food. We came here looking for chinese food that wasnt kung pao chicken, sweet and sour pork, or potstickers and we were well accomodated with an array of authentic chinese dishes. Service was pleasant, and I feel bad for the waiter that wasn't happy living in Phoenix for 20 years, suggested he check out San Francisco.
4	If you like spicy food, this is one of the best places in Phoenix to find it.  I was taken here by some Taiwanese classmates, and enjoy every trip I make.  It's not conveniently located, but worth the trip.If you can find a Chinese speaking/reading person to bring with you, you will be able to order some of the specials and things that are only written in Mandarin.  There are two menus, the smaller menu with more Americanized fare, and the larger menu with more authentic Chinese cuisine.  If you are into the American side of things, their food is what you would expect.
5	(The food I order here is tongue-numbingly spicy and may include parts of the animal normally eaten by Andrew Zimmern)I don't even know where to begin when it comes to this review.  I came here with some of my classmates one evening after class at ASU.  Luckily, two of them were native Mandarin speakers, as well as my professor having lived in China for a couple of years, so they were all business when it came down to ordering food.Since going to this restaurant, I am addicted.  There is no other word for it.  My friend and I go at least once a week where we order the same things.  In fact, we go so often that we are immediately seated at the same table by the staff, and sometimes not even given menus.  What do we eat?  We eat: cold noodles (liang fen), fuqi feipian (cold spicy beef tripe, tongue, and other parts), and water-boiled beef (we ask for it extra-spicy).  After numbing your mouth, I suggest taking a sip of water OR ordering a Tsingtao beer.  You'll be amazed at how sweet tasting the beer is!I am moving out of the Phoenix area to New England soon, and I am more than distraught that I will no longer be able to enjoy Szechuan Palace.  I've threatened to kidnap the chef, but I'm not sure he'd enjoy being stored in my kitchen.  One of the main suggestions for this restaurant is: DO NOT ORDER THE ORANGE CHICKEN.  (hint: it's not really chinese food) Instead, ask one of the servers what the chef's special is for the day.  Or, try out one of my fave dishes.  You won't be disappointed!
4	This was a great way to end my stay in Arizona! It was also the first time I saw any Chinese people in Phoenix. Located in the Chinese Cultural Center of Phoenix, Szechwan Palace has delicious Chinese food (reminds me of home), and is located close to the airport if you're looking for a quick and delicious meal. My mom's friend took me here for a quick dinner before dropping me off at the airport. She goes there often so the waitstaff already knew her favorite dish and bantered a bit, teasing me because of my Taiwanese accented Mandarin and because I can't read Simplified Chinese (it's so confusing though, with all the straight lines and boxiness...). The food was great, the inside clean (light wood floors and tables and white painted walls, making it feel very spacious and airy).  We ordered: 1. Wu Gen Chang Wan - I don't know the English name of this, but it's a stew of pigs intestine, pig's blood, leek, white cabbage (the one in kimchi), and red peppers. It was the perfect kind of spice, that warms your mouth, but didn't distract from the flavor of the pickled vegetables, the lightly textured blood, and the flavor of the intestine. The intestines were extremely tender without any chew to them, so you could bite right through and taste the fat and the flavor. It wasn't even stinky at all. 2. Yi Xiang Eggplant - Your usual eggplant from a Chinese restaurant, but with a Szechwan kick. Japanese eggplant sliced and lightly fried in a sauce that was mildly spicy with a hint of sweetness. It had small pieces of minced pork as well. The eggplant was not too fried or burnt on the outside, but well-done and soft on the inside. 3. Hong Shao Pai Gu - This is like a braised pork ribs, served with whole shiitake mushrooms and sliced bamboo shoots. Some of the meat was a little tough, but the overall flavor was great (mostly soy sauce, maybe a little tamarind). This dish was NOT spicy, so it was a good break for my mouth in between the other dishes. 4. Bo Cai - Sauteed spinach with garlic. Fairly typical, the kind of spinach that makes your teeth feel like they've been scraped. Good to get a little green in  there. The atmosphere was pretty nice and conducive to a conversation. Apparently you can request more spice; I didn't know that or I would have. I guess this is the usual mild level that they give to new customers. It seemed the place was very popular; there were constantly people coming in and out, and several families with small children, which the staff was very accommodating to (with booster seats and high chairs). There were also many Chinese patrons, which is always a good sign. It was also nice to hear conversational Mandarin around me after so long...If I ever return to Phoenix, I'm coming straight here to get a real Chinese food fix!
4	Fabulous flavorful, food with a great balance of heat, spice and complex flavors.  I ordered "off menu" their Szechwan cucumbers which were fresh, crisp, slightly salty with a great hot oil and many red chilies tucked into the dish.  I added a little of the table chili sauce to compliment the heat already in the dish and it was a great appetizer.  I ordered the Water Boiled Beef ... even though it came with a warning to "some customers" that it might be too spicy and oily ... and it was delivered bubbling hot with lovely slices of cooked beef and vegetables in a wonderful stock with a chili oil and pepper flavor that was perfectly balanced.  Heat, taste and a great texture all combined for a really wonderful entree.  This is a spicy dish without a doubt, but the warning is unwarranted as it allows the great flavors to come through and when combined with the generous portion of rice served, it is a perfect meal.  My waiter Paul was very excited about the dish and when he found out I had liked it so much, he promised to make me a "special dish", not on the menu next time I come in.  That will be very soon!!  The "Chinese Menu" is more complex as are the specials on the board coming in.  I am looking forward to another meal here shortly to keep sampling this well executed food at Szechwan Palace.
4	This place has really tasty food. The two times I have been there the dishes were all very enjoyable and the prices are more than fair. The women who work here as servers are almost too attentive and helpful and I've always been very happy with their service. Their hot and sour soup is delicoius and I've found myself craving it on many ocassions.
4	I AM AN IDIOTI've spent years bitching about the lack of even a DECENT chinese place near our house (Baja Arcadia). I kept looking to Scottsdale for somewhere to eat. We've got just about everything else, from real-deal taco shacks, to excellent Pho, to fine dining. But no real Chinese food. I was looking the wrong way. Up til recently, I would drive all the way to Wong's Place in Tempe just for the real stuff.THE CHINESE CULTURAL CENTERI shop regularly at what used to be Ranch99, that oasis in the desert that makes you feel like you've been transported to the Hell that is Riverside CA. I've tried numerous restaurants in the mall over the years and always been disappointed. The one I never managed to try is the Szechwan Palace. I expected it to be just another Gringonese disaster. Man was I wrong. We eat out maybe once or twice a week, and we've hit this place at least once a week since we found it a few months ago.SZECHWAN PALACEI love you, Palace. Dan Dan Noodles. Spice. Yu Xiang dishes. We've been when it's packed full of high maintenance Chinese businessmen and when we're one of 4 tables in the place. Every time, the tiny kitchen and the wonderful servers keep their smiles in place and just give you that little shake of the head that says: "Solly, it clazy tonight!" Even though this place pleases real Chinese food lovers, there's plenty of stuff to keep my Jewish mother-in-law happy too ("happy" is a relative term).THINGS I LOVE  - Wan Fu: the worst white wine in the world (that I love)  - Dan Dan Noodles with extra hot chile  - Yu Xiang Shrimp  - Mongolian Beef with real beef, not that over-marinated rubbery crap  - Fresh veggies that still have some color and snap to them  - Incredibly spicy Water-boiled dishes  - Any of their soupsWong's thick-skinned pot stickers are still the best, but everything else at the Palace rules.BOTTOM LINEIt's hard for me to imagine a bad review being credible unless some key person was missing or they were ridiculously understaffed and got slammed. We've been there for one of those nights though, and it was still very good, once we eventually got served. As others have said: get the real menu as you walk in. Otherwise, you'll get the Panda Express version. You'll also have to grab chopsticks. Other than that, just enjoy!
5	I won't repeat what has already been said but there has been some myths that need clarifying1. Both the Chinese and Americanized menus are written in English including the description of the dishes. Also, you can ask the waiter to explain the specials. You don't have to speak Chinese or be Chinese to know the specials. After dining here, I realize some people want to sound unique or VIP but trust me, you don't have to be Chinese to taste all the dishes. That is B.S.2. The Yelp photos donated by members make the dishes appear larger than they are. Most of the sauteed dishes like the Kung Pao chicken and Egglant were not big but then some like the Water Boil chicken was rather big.3. The food is spicy but it isn't hot. If I had to compare it to a Thai restaurant, the food is about a 5 on a 10 scale. You will probably need to ask them to make it spicier even if you are not one of those crazy people that have to eat everything hot. 4. They do NOT use reheated rice. I was expecting reheated rice that you typically find at Wongs and other Chinese restaurants. This place had fresh soft and sticky rice. It was great.5. Don't take the American menu for granted. It's done pretty well and includes mainstream meats like chicken, beef, pork. The Chinese menu has tripe and meats not typically eaten by Americans which is why it's left off the American menu. You will likely use the American menu as your base and then use the Chinese menu to add select items. Bottomline: get both menus6. The restaurant is not a hole in the wall. It's the opposite. It's the nicest Chinese restaurant I've been to in the valley. Yes it is small but stylish and well lit7. The restaurant is definitely busy but not stand in line busy. We were immediately seated and we went on a Friday night at peak hour. 8. The service was suprisingly good. Like most great and authentic Chinese restaurants, the service is lousy with the waiters being expressionless and forcing you to order quickly. The servers were Chinese but were very friendly and acted like family. They didn't rush you. Water was refilled quickly9. Dishes - read what has already been written. This is covered well. I insist on order the the Water Boil dish (includes choice of chicken, beef, fish or shrimp) and ordering it spicy!10. You don't have to be with a big group, a grad student at ASU or someone who speaks Chinese to enjoy this restaurant. The idea intimidates people because they make it sound as if it's so authentic since it's included in the Chinese Cultural Center but don't be.  My wife and I are not Chinese and it was just the two of us. And we had a great time
4	Ohhh the temptation was fulfilled!!We've talked with some Chinese friends about going to these place and eat their boiled meat that is spicy. Finally it happened and I want some more. It is of course, more comfortable to be guided by experts. Forget the traditional China food you order, go bold with number 17 to 22, they are really good and the spicy level is totally tolerable!
5	I forgot to mention....ask for the leather menus! those are the real ones and have English translation as well. I was eating there 3 days after the first one...so imagine how I liked the food there :)
4	I think this might be a new Chinese place I need to go back and try some more. First of all, AUTHENTIC Sichuan dishes! Not just in name only! Holy cow! I picked up my parents from the airport and we decided to give this place a try since they were always disappointed at Golden Buddha. What is this? Water boiled XXXX? Last time I had that was visiting family in China! Ordered Water boiled fish and twice cooked pork. I really like the flavoring of the twice cooked pork. I wanted to order the Yu-shan pork but was overruled by parents. Oh well. They didn't want spicy, so the water boiled fish wasn't after the told the waiter not to make it spicy. Guess I'll have to try again. So, definitely more dishes I need to try. For now, I am happy that there's an authentic sichuan food place in Phoenix and not just the lame old American Chinese that are so totally boring. I am so very disappointed that the Shanghai place next to Golden Buddha has changed owner and they no longer have the special Shanghai menu and the quality of the food has gone down the drain.Update:Tried the water boiled pork. That I thought was pretty good. The meat was nice and tender. The sichuan peppercorn made everything taste lemony to me later on, including the water. I guess that must be the numbing effect people talk about. I also liked the beef with jalapeno pepper. Nice flavor. And I still really like the twice cooked pork.I think the restaurant would be better served if they got some more comfortable chairs instead of the unpadded straight back wooden wobbly chairs they have now.
1	Reading the other reviews here makes me think I must have landed in a parallel universe the night we ate here. OK, so I'm a Bay Area native and love Sichuan food; I'm white and my girlfriend is Asian. We walk in the door, are seated, and handed the simple menu.  NOTHING of interest on the menu.  We decided on two very basic dishes (General Chou's Chicken and a Sichuan Prawm dish).  The Chicken was atrocious - dry, old-tasting, and nothing but a pile of chicken - no vegetables, no spice, nothing. The shrimp dish was marginally better, but nothing to write home about. Meanwhile, everyone at other tables seemed to be ordering stuff that we didn't see on the menu ... "maybe there's a Chinese menu we didn't see" we said to each other ... On our way out, we saw the 'Chinese' menu ... full of the stuff we were looking for - "pigs stomach with jalapeno", etc .  So - I'm willing to believe they have good food, but - WHY oh WHY have a separate 'whites' menu? AND - when a white guy walks in with an Asian lady, WHY not give them the 'Asian' menu?  The 1 star accurately reflects the food we ate, and also applies to the waiter who did not think to offer us the appropriate menus. We'll probably head back to Chandler for our next Chinese food experience.
1	Tried the kung pao shrimp and veg chow mien. Nothing great. Service was also not good. Although I did go just before it closes. Even then I asked if you guys are still serving and would have been more than satisfied if they denied service. Looking at all the reviews. I might just try it again. But for now.... NOT Satisfied.
2	Went here for lunch one day because the excellent Asian Seafood Buffet next door closed (bummer!).  We figured, why not try a more traditional Chinese place?It seemed like it would be good... The menu looked alright, like a typical small Chinese restaurant.  I ordered the General Tso's.  I have to say, it was terrible.  The breading was all wrong, the chicken was dry, and the sauce was an abomination.  Where was the soy sauce?  The ginger?  I submit to you that they simply took sweet and sour sauce, mixed in some hot pepper paste, and called it General Tso's.  I have made General Tso's several times, and nothing about this was even close.The rest of the dish was forgettable... Just your typical white rice and water.  I'm sure this place has some good dishes, but I clearly didn't order one of them.
3	In short: I got a run of the mill Chinese meal here, but I didn't know to ask for the "real" menu. Service was excellent for as busy as they were.So I went to the Chinese Cultural center on Sunday, Chinese New Year, looking for Chinese culture. I found a street fair with such cultural gems as a booth for Wells Fargo loans, and one selling "crazy Chinese hats." I wanted authentic food, and the booths selling egg rolls and stuff from the market buffet were pretty much the opposite of what I was there for. So my date for the event and I decided to try one of the Chinese restaurants at the center, and I chose Szechwan Palace because I was in the mood for something spicy.The place was packed, which was to be expected. Since a good portion of the conversation I heard taking place was in Chinese, I was hopeful that that this would be an experience similar to what I'd get in Seattle's international district. I knew that wouldn't be the case when I saw the menu, which was basically the same menu you'll find in any americanized Chinese restaurant.So we just ordered the Szechwan dinner for two. Hot & sour soup, crab rangoons, fried rice, general tso's chicken, szechwan shrimp, and a rice based desert that I forget the name of. I thought all the dishes were decent, but nothing had the spice I expect from Szechwan cooking.After consulting Yelp, I know now there is a "real" Chinese menu here. That explains why this place could be so popular with native speakers. I wish I had known. This review reflects the disappointing experience I had with the menu I was presented with.
4	The food here was really good. I ordered the sesamie chicken and the sauce was very good. The service was marginal at best but it didn't annoy me. I'd go back
4	Despite a bad experience, I will still give this palace a trial.First, it's reasonably authentic foods if you ask for the "black" menu to order the real Szechwan foods. Second, it helps if you know the waiter and he can prepare something totally off the menu (only if you know what you wants obviously).I have been here with various groups of mixed friends. They have all enjoyed it.I enjoy spicy foods... not a must in all dishes but only if it compliments the taste. I usually gun for the water boiled dishes. In the recent past, I had ordered a simple dish Ma Po Tofu. it's spicy hot but it's also VERY salty. After 2 bites, the water tasted like sea water for a day. I don't think it's supposed to be made that way. Maybe they screwed it up in the kitchen.My most recent visit with friends, we had water boiled fish, stirred fried egg plants, and lamb with cumin (not really on the menu). We all enjoyed it. The water boiled fish was toned down on spice for unknown reason. I did not burn my tongue by the salt content. We enjoyed the experience.The ambiance is usually nice... very bright and clean. The deco is of modern Chinese. The waiters have been reasonably attentive during most visits.Diners, if you want authentic Szechwan foods, go for the Black. Once you go Black, you won't go back, only in Phoenix.
4	Solid Sichuan food at the accessible Cofco Center. Everything I've had is good and cheap, with plenty of garlic and ginger. The service is about as good as you're going to get in a place like this.
5	I don't know how we even came across this complex.  Luck I guess.  Did anybody say it yet? well I'm not gonna look through all of the reviews and I'm too lazy to CTRL+F.  But the water boiled beef is the SHIT! I couldn't decide between the chicken or beef, so the waitress let me do a combo. SWEEET.Chinese broccoli, dan dan noodles, too many goodies to name!Loav dees pless
3	Slooooow service. I dined here for Valentines day, I thought I felt myself decaying and turning into dirt.One server covers the whole floor.Order Takeout. I call ahead of time when I'm about 15-20 minutes away.Around 15 bucks for two dishes and rice.That way the food is fresh and I don't have to wait forever.They have two menus: chinese style and American style.I prefer the authentic chinese style though I am not Chinese.Mapo Tofu is my fav dish here.Its spicy and minty-cool tingly, a unique flavor I could not find anywhere else.
2	Nothing great to say, nothing terrible. Lunch menu, Pepper Beef-- no better than 2 stars. Won't go again.
3	Decent food... if you want "Sichuan/Szechwan" food you have to ask for the black menu. We noticed when Asians came into the restaurant they were only given the black menu, we had to ask for it. That aside, the food was flavorful and tasty, but, even "hot" dishes were far from hot, even though we asked for them to be very hot. Dumplings were a bit over done and soggy. While I've not been to china, this wasn't on par with Sichuan places I've been to in NY and other major cities. I do really want to try their 'Hot Pots' so am looking forward to go back for that. Service was swift and polite.   Knowing Mandarin Chinese or having a friend that knows it woudl help. So if you take the Szechwan part out of it, I think it's a decent place to go for what I can only guess is Americanized Chinese food in general.The water cooked chicken had a very interesting herbal spice to it and was very pleasant with other dishes on the table.
4	Yes, hot tip you have to ask for the full menu. Second hot tip, learn to say "hello" in Mandarin (pronounced nee-how) and likely you won't HAVE to ask for the full menu. We've dined here several times, and on Sunday, not surprisingly, we were the only non-Asian customers in the place. The chef was in rare form, and as I sit here having my third round of leftovers for lunch I'm still loving my dish. I opted for the Vinegar Fish, it's pretty simple -- whitefish, wood ear mushrooms and water chestnuts prepared with a dose of spice and rice wine vinegar. I'm guessing by the waitress' excitement when I ordered, that it's a dish they're pretty proud of. It was fabulous.Hubby ordered the Beef and Onions, which I would classify as good, but not mind-blowing. We also partook of the Gai-choy which was cooked perfectly -- just the right amount of garlic and tenderness. In the past I've really loved their Mapo Doufu (tofu), theirs is one of the best I've had anywhere. Next time I'm planning on having the Water-Boiled Eel. I heart eel, mmm.Service is pretty barebones, so don't expect to be sucked-up to. It's perfunctory and efficient, the food comes up fast and they leave you alone. I can't complain about that one bit.
2	What a bummer. We read the reviews before going to this place with full intention of ordering off the black menu... Unfortunately we are boring white people who were too scared of the unknown dishes so we ordered orange chicken, mongolian beef, general tsao's chicken, crab wontons, beef chow mein, sweet and sour soup, and egg rolls. The soup was great, warm, spicy, big chunks of tofu and pork. Everything else was mediocre at best. The entrees were nothing more than goopy cornstarch sauce with little to-no flavor, the meats and vegetables in everything seemed to be fresh and of good quality but were coated in batter and perhaps just barely fried- leaving them covered in soggy mush that has absorbed the goopy flavorless sauces. Nothing other than the soup was spicy, not even a hint of heat- never-mind the little pepper next to the items on the menu indicating the heat level. It was a giant waste of money and if we hadn't ordered take-out we definitely would have gotten our money back. We've now got a fridge full of left-overs that we're dreading eating. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. I imagine the black menu is tastier, but it's ridiculous to have two menus with food of completely different quality levels rather than levels of authenticity. Moral of the story: Gross. Flavorless. A gigantic waste of time and money. We're so disappointed.
4	The poor Szechwan peppercorn used to get a bad wrap. For the unfamiliar its not even related to the black peppercorn, for the familiar its spice properties can be quite magical. Actually the dried berry husk from the prickly ash tree, the USDA banned the peppercorn from 1968-2006. The peppercorn was seen as a hazard due to the potential of carrying citrus canker, a harmful bacteria to citrus crops. The process of heating them to 160 degrees kills any possible bacteria thus lifting the ban. Szechwan Palace, located in the Chinese Cultural Center, celebrates this daily. If you've ever tasted such dishes as Ma Po Tofu or Kung Poa Chicken, then you've had Szechwan cooking before.The funny thing about these peppercorns is that they're not even really that spicy. At first the flavor might have a certain peppery pungency that gives way to more of a citrus like aftertaste. Though here's the kicker, as you eat them you might feel your tongue start to tingle then eventually go slightly numb. This sensation is strangely addictive, like getting a shot of Novocain; it might just leave you drooling over your plate.For the unadventurous Szechwan Palace does serve your standard type Chin-American food like egg rolls and pork fried rice, but this isn't a strong point. Id skip those items and go right for the more unique dishes, be sure to ask for the full menu rather than the standard "best of" version.Being a fan of offal and other not so famous cuts of beef, I ordered up the #3 Beef Tendon in Spicy Sauce ($6.95). Fresh cilantro and chewy slices of tendon are mixed with peppercorn oil were a hit. I know that dish isn't for everyone but trust me, its tasty. By contrast the #9 Spicy Cucumber ($3.95) is a little more approachable with cool pieces of raw cucumber seasoned with peppercorns and dried chilies.There are a slew of dishes titled "water boiled" though none that I have tried seem to be in water. Instead you get a luxurious sauce filled with peppercorns, vegetables and meat or fish. This outing included the #18 Water Boiled Beef ($9.95), fork tender strips of beef in a velvety pepper spiked sauce made my tongue sparkle then go numb. Like I said, these peppercorns are magical.My absolute favorite dish was the #98 Rice Cake ($7.95). The thin chewy disks of rice noodles, ground pork and cabbage were bathed in a slightly sweet and smoky sauce was craveable. When ordering the Special Cumin Lamb with Bone ($11.95), Id venture to say that they use the word lamb loosely. The difference between a lamb and a sheep is age and this directly reflects the flavor of the meat. The younger lamb is sweet and tender where sheep aka mutton tends to be extremely gamy and tough, these were definitely the later. No amount of fragrant cumin could cover the extreme gaminess of the meat. This may have been isolated since on a previous visit the dish was exceptional.With over 100 choices on the menu plus daily specials, Szechwan Palace brings a whole new level of spice, even if it does numb your tongue.
2	I went to this restaurant with a group of seven other coworkers.  It was at lunchtime, so the place was a little busy.  However, we waited about 10 minutes to be helped.  We weren't offered chopsticks, which surprised some coworkers, when we saw others using them.  I ordered the vegetable soup and was presented with a bowl of clear liquid with three vegetables, including a piece of broccoli, a mushroom, and a piece of iceberg lettuce.  It was disgusting, I wouldn't recommend ordering it.   When the food arrived, it arrived about 3 minutes apart, so other coworkers got to watch me eat (hah).  Two of my coworkers found the "house special" inedible.  Another of two my coworkers thought the Szechwan  chicken was bland, when it was supposed to be spicy.  However, 3 out of 8 coworkers (including myself) thought the meal was good and would come back.  So that is a 37.5% for Szechwan Palace.
5	Make sure to get their secret Asian-only menu! Their food is pretty damn amazing.Their service sucks, but, honestly, if you can avoid taking it personally and being butt-hurt, it's completely worth it.
3	I've been back here 3 times with different friends in the past month. I still enjoyed the water-boiled soup dishes, but it was not spicy at all the last time I tried it. The taste was still there... but I didn't sweat like a pig this time.During the last meal, we arrived at 7:30 PM on a Monday. It's not busy. The wait service was tardy. Service has gone downhill a bit. The dimwitted waitress was not "listening". I ordered 3 items clearly in her language... pot sticker, 8-treasure tofu pot, and one more. The 8-treasure tofu pot was OK... nothing exciting about the taste or consistency.After we're almost done with the main courses, we knew something was not right. The appetizer never arrived. I was not concerned at first since it could be the last item brought to the table as expected in typical Chinese restaurant. The dimwitted one apparently only got the last 2 items. She served the pot sticker quickly though after our inquiry. My friend loved the pot stickers as dessert in this case.I didn't feel any remorse from the staff as if this was a common occurrence and part of the service. So the service has returned to the typical Chinese style. Not a big deal. I took one star away as if they were like other Chinese restaurants. There was nothing special about this place anymore.So diners, beware of declining service and taste from "above standard" to average next time when you want to invest your time and money. Maybe it is still a good bet among 300+ choices.
2	I'll be honest--this place is good for Americans... but not good enough for Chinese people.  The waiters were sort of rude to us, despite our being able to speak their language.Furthermore.. what kind of authentic Chinese restaurant serves dinner out of plates? Blasphemy! Our table to had to go out of our way to get bowls! I'm surprised they had chopsticks.Otherwise, their mock  food was salty and pasty, perfect for Americans in search of a good Orange Chicken replacement.  Wait.. salty and pasty? It's supposed to be a (insert meat type) dish, consisting of subtle flavors and intense chili pepper action.Neeext...
3	I've returned to this place 2 more times after my last review. Wait service was still inconsistent, especially with the dimwitted waitress.The restaurant was plagued with "out of foods" often. A few months ago, the dimwitted waitress didn't tell us the appetizer was out till the end when I initiated the inquiry. Apparently she has already removed the "out" item from our bill.The wait service for my last meal with a group of friends was better at 6:30 PM on a Saturday. We've got service from 3 different wait staffs. They were serving everybody else too. Not just us.The food came out fast and the taste was right on this time. They were out of egg plant. We didn't tell them that 99 Ranch Supermarket was 2 doors down.So diners, I still consider this place a good choice for authentic foods. I will give 3.5 stars this time.
5	Awesome food!!! The best Szechwan food in Phoenix!!Great location in China town and next to the chinese supermarket. Great for groups as well!
4	According to a friend of mines whom is from the motherland - China.  The food here is pretty authentic.  I will have to take her word for it and go from there.  She ordered us some basic Szechwan style dishes, which I think she took it I didn't want to go too exotic.  --- I do actually I do ---  However, there's always next time!  Pigs ear, beef tendon, duck whatever!  Please I don't mind :)  For what we ordered, I thought it was pretty good.  I tell you what though, won't ever come without my friend since she knows how to order.  I'd probably order like a gwy-lo ---  hehe.  Our server was on top of it, but I gather it's because we spoke the language -- Plus 1!  The ambience was pretty basic, but with a bunch of mandarin speaking people eating and chatting away - felt like China after all haha!  - Enjoy!
3	So, after reading the Yelp reviews, I knew there were two menus...and apparently one only (the more authentic one?) gets offered to "Asian-looking" customers. So I wasn't surprised when partner and I were given the "other" menu when we walked in on a Saturday night. One thing I liked instantly about the place is that it's spacious, with enough distance between the tables, and is well-lit. The restaurant was pretty full when we came in, at about 7, but we were immediately given a place to sit. For appetizers, we got the fried wontons with mustard and hot sauce dips. I thought the wontons were a little too crispy, and I would have liked some more filling in them. The service was fast and efficient, and we got the appetizers within seven minutes of being seated. For the main course, I got the Happy Family and partner got the Cashew chicken. They came with a medium sized bowl full of steamed rice. I had picked a Szechwan place because I was in the mood for spicy food, but both the dishes lacked any fire. We actually ended up getting hot sauce to spice things up! I liked the Happy Family....the veggies, meats and sauce made me happy. The portions were good for the price, though we did manage to eat everything up! I would have liked it though, if they offered tea with their food, as a complimentary add-on. And every table should have the usual condiments...soy sauce, a variety of hot sauces....those were strangely missing here. Also, I think everyone, regardless of whether they are Asians or not,  should be given both the menus. Whether I want to eat stomach of pork in sauce or pig's feet, is a choice I would like to make!
2	The hunt for good chinese in the Valley continues... Had high expectations, but this place was just OK, not bad, not memorable. Nice friendly service. Place was packed at lunch, maybe I ordered the wrong dish? Sweet & Sour soup was blah...
2	Man, we were really looking forward to this. After watching the Sichuan episode of Bizarre Foods the other day I realized that, while I have had Sichuan dishes before, I had never had hot pot. We usually go to the Chinese Cultural Center for Golden Buddha and had never tried Szechwan Palace.So, the four of us headed over there with eager anticipation. There were warning signs right away. Wife: "I'd like hot tea please." Waiter: "we're out of cups!" They were out of other stuff too. Still, we found plenty to order. Food started coming out pretty fast, one dish at a time, over a period of about a half an hour. If you want all of your food at once you would hate this, but we were sharing everything anyway, so that part did not bother me. But lots of other stuff did bother me. Dan Dan Noodles were good. Everything else was bland...including the hot pot. They forgot our spicy dumplings. The waiter disappeared for about twenty minutes at a time. Our table was placed in such a way that people were constantly asking me to move my chair. I could go on. Just a bad customer service experience and average food. Very, very disappointing,
3	So i have been there a half a dozen times, and this time the food was just OK. Times before it was fantastic. They are definitely not the most polite people in the world, but the food is 'usually.'
1	So after reading all these reviews I thought to take a chance so I went to explore.  I arrived for lunch at 11am and was seated immediately.  The atmosphere was ok, and the bar looked a bit disorganized.  I ordered the the sesame chicken and egg drop soup.  I asked if I could pay extra for shrimp fried rice but was told no.  I chose the fried rice vs white or brown.  Soup came out first which I found to be very bland and very few pieces of egg in it.  On my 4th spoonful my meal arrived and I was not impressed by the way it looked.  The sesame chicken was only bits of fried chicken in batter covered with very little brown very thick and gooey sweet sauce.  Some of the chicken pieces didn't even have sauce on it and grossed me out because it was hard and bland.  The fried rice looked like it was done in a hurry with many white spots in it and with little taste.  The egg role wasn't bad although they did not serve with hot mustard sauce.  I will not be returning to this place.
3	Good food. Friendly service. Reasonable price.  We stopped here because the shopping complex looked very appealing - makes you feel like you are really entering China town (a less people around though!!)! We had the szechwan chicken & chicken fried rice & szechwan pork... all dishes were good, tasty not bland and definitely filling. Sunday afternoon was fairly quiet so we didn't have to wait long to be served our food.  We will visit again to try another dish.Customer service was adequate - waitress greeted us warmly, wasn't too talkative, but helpful when we asked questions about a dish we thought about trying.  When we were leaving,  she invited us to return and that was nice.
5	This is by far the most authentic Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  The only problem is you have to know what to order.  Which basically means go with someone that can read off the Chinese menu.  If you're coming here for fried rice and crab puffs, you won't be impressed.
4	one of the best chinese food here in phoenix. you have to tell them to use less salt. because often times, the food just a bit too salty. other than that. it has great selection for Szechwan style food.
3	1-5 STARS THIS IS WHY ! For an out of the ordinary thrilling meal this is it! BUT only if you ignore the service (if you have the same server we had) and the Americanized menus and ONLY order from the Black menu. (other wise this is 2 stars the food is that different) You might not get offered the black menu and you have to ask for it or pick one up as we did. We were slightly offended by this,maybe they do this with good intentions but it isn't right to offer some guest certain dishes,you just don't do this in business  and if my companion was doing the Yelp he'd only give one star for that reason. One menu with an Americanized page(s) would be right. We ordered the Szechwan beef, from one menu (Americanized) ,spicy cucumbers and water boiled fish from the Black Menu. We received water we were going to order beverages but our server dashed away. We received the cucumbers and (Americanized) Szechwan beef platter that were dropped off by our server running as fast as the Bugs Bunny Road Runner almost splashing at us with a big thuds on the table and jerky movements reminiscent of WW2 Nazis.The Americanized Szechwan beef was just OK , and not as tasty as others we had before but not bad, but not so great lacking seasoning and taste.The spicy cucumbers (black menu) were special, first bite I thought slightly oily but tasty and so crisp and then you have to just keep eating them like pistachios.Maybe 10 minutes latter she  (the WB Roadrunner Nazi)  dumped water boiled chicken INSTEAD of the water boiled fish I ordered.  (I didn't complain since it was the same dish but chicken)The dish sounds bland but was extraordinary in taste that smacks you with an ILLEGAL DRUG LIKE EFFECT were each bite gets better and better and you have to keep eating it. The water boiled chicken came piping hot in a well made seasoned stock with napa cabbage. Oil and the right amount of  Szechwan peppercorns float on the top of this large enough for two meal,it was addictive and delicious ,not a building hot spice but completely different . My companion had to eat half along with me after he ate his plate. (the water boiled chicken really was that good) and I think it only cost $9 and also came with a big pot of rice.As soon as we finished the check was dropped off and plates were NOT cleared.IF you order from black menu I feel this place is a Gem of Phoenix! (food only not service)
5	I would have to say  that Szechwan Palace in the Chinese Cultural Center has to be the best Chinese Food that I've had in Phoenix & I've eaten at a lot of different Chinese restaurants over the years... All of the entrees were very flavorful, & came out of the kitchen piping hot in a timely manor, The servers were helpful , pleasant, & very polite. Now for the most attractive part of this dining experience... The amount of delicious food the my friend Michael & I got for just under $30 (The House Combo for 2) was astonishing. For that price we got hot  green tea to keep us warm, 6 pot stickers, 2 spring rolls, 2  full entrees, a big bowl of sizzling rice soup a huge plate of house fried rice with chicken shrimp & pork in it, & to top it all off a bowl full of sweet lychee fruits for desert. Lets just say I will be frequenting the establishment in the near future. For all you out there on yelp or Facebook in the Phoenix area that wanna try this restaurant out it is located in the Chinese Cultural Center on 44th St. & Cofco Dr. just south of the loop 202.
2	Average to a little less than average.  Staff was rushed and left me to call them over to get our check.  Waitress then looked at her tip with me sitting there.  Didn't mind looking back at her while it seemed like she thought about asking for more.  Food is average Szechwan fare.  Hot and Sour Soup is spicier and good, but missing the sour part.  Dumplings were good quality and didn't skimp on meat.  However, their sauces were bland.  Almond Chicken is servicable... just skip noticing that they use peanuts instead of almonds and that there is barely 3 oz of chicken.  Rice was a tad dry.Meh...
4	150th Yelp Review!! WOOT WOOT!!! It's a Sunday afternoon date, which was nice because the weekend was action packed for me, so a lunch date was just right. He picked the place, I do like that when the man picks the place and he even scores big points with me because it wasn't a chain restaurant, not that he would know that I'm on this only eating at local places & Yelp about it mission this year lol. I didn't ask him where we were headed but was pleasantly surprised because we were at the Cofco Chinese Cultural Center, never been and have always wanted to go check out, was kinda disappointed in how small it was. Walked around and checked out a few things still wasn't sure of the reason we were here, then we walked into Szechwan Palace and I thought gosh this is cute little place.From the time we walked in I got the feeling he was a regular their and wondered how many of his dates he brought here LOL The ladies were happy to see him and were talking with him, I of course had no clue what was being said cuz they all were talking in Chinese.  Got to our table, had a very hard time trying to figure out what I wanted to try, I found lots of dishes that I wanted, he order chicken fried rice, I would up ordering mongolian beef extra spicy. Order came out and it smelled delish, and being a crazy obsessed yelper that I am I picked up my phone, turned the plate around to the best view and started to take pictures of the dish, date looked at me funny but didn't ask, guess his other dates don't take pics of their food LOL I could see the coating of the red chili oil on the beef and onions, the beef was tender and onions and peppers were perfect, only thing it was missing the heat of the spice. But I finished the entire dish, it was that good!  Next time I want to try beef with jalapeno, I bet that dish packs some heat! I look forward to coming back and trying out more of their menu, glad to have finally made it over to the cultural center! Food was delish, date went well, and it was a good day. Also when I checked in on Yelp, was offered a free desert with any entree, I'm saving that for another time!
4	Nice ambiance, nice authentic spicy chinese food.  As good as you can get here in Arizona;  it aint L.A or San Fran, but does a good job to satisfy the craving for real chinese. Of all the Cofco asian restaurants, this is one of the more presentable ones to bring business clients or a new date, if ambiance is key to scoring positive brownie points.     For some bizarre reason, on the weekends, it is filled with asian-women/white guy couples,    which strikes me as hilarious.  If it wasn't for this,  I would eat there multiple times a week. Asian woman orders from real chinese menu;  her white guy orders from chow mein menu. Side note:  Get a grip; asian women check each other out, and  usually not in a nice way--like in a sizing you up-comparing you to herself way--so I usually end up losing my appetite when I catch one of them staring at me (and my man) and whispering to her white guy or her girlfriends about me;  yah, I understand the shit you say about me, asian girls, because I speak your language too, hello! So I compensate for my chinese food cravings by quick carry out.  Works like a charm every time.  I'm happy, my own Cracker is happy.  Owner gets lots of business and is happy.  We all win.
4	They have updated the menu to one menu that starts with Chinese foods and ends with Americanized Chinese.For the most unique TONGUE Thrilling Numbing and Spicy food this is it! Honest to God the Hot Pot is a FULL SIZE COOKING POT filled with chopped up chicken on the bone with skin  (if you order chicken) vegetables such as bean sprouts cabbage , hot broth herbs , oil  and spices and lots of those Szechwan Peppercorns that have an illegal drug like effect that makes you crave it. This dish was not like anything we've had anywhere else. I do understand that hot pots are more elaborate at places that specialize with them but you do the the hot pot taste just not the whole experience.Service was better this time but still not professional, the staff was laughing at my husband eating the hot pot with the fork they gave him. (we were not given chop sticks) He forked out the chicken pieces and vegetables and ate them on the plate. I guess most people just put the whole piece of chicken in mouth and use the plate to spit out the bones.I had the water boiled fish that I tried to order last time, it was very good and lighter than the water boiled chicken I was given last time, both those dishes seemed very mild and far less tongue Thrilling compared to the Chicken hot pot but they were also flavorful and were lightly tongue thrilling.This place is still a GEM of Phoenix and is an extraordinary dining experience if you dare to order something of the Chinese part of menu.
4	This is a restaurant I have been to umpteen times and thought of reviewing just now. Hands down my favorite Chinese restaurant. Though admittedly, i havent experimented too much here, i have found what I love and stick to it. And that special list includes water boiled chicken, green beans with bacon, spinach with garlic, fish in black bean sauce. Order from the chinese menu, dont go with the cliche of kung pao chicken when all of these yummy dishes exist.
4	Authentic, delicious.  If you like spicy Chinese food this is the place for you!  There are dishes that are not spicy also, but Szechaun cuisine is all about the heat!  This region specializes in spicy food.  If you don't like spicy, or can't handle it, I understand but you're missing out.  Definitely coming back here.
5	I was in Phoenix for work and convinced my local colleagues to come to this restaurant. In summary, for Sichuanese food, this place is top notch. We have a handful of good Sichuanese places in the San Francsico area, and this place would fit right in.One tip: Order from the "Chinese menu". If you're looking at the menu that has "Mongolian Beef" or Egg Foo Yung, that's the wrong menu. I can only comment on the dishes I ordered from the one outing, but they all shined:-Water Boiled Fish (Shui Zhu Yu). There are different versions with beef, pork, or lamb, but the cooking preparation is the same. Spicy with red chili peppers and a healthy dose of Sichuan peppercorns which give a pleasant numbing/tingling sensation to the spice.-Cumin Lamb: Healthy dose of cumin. Good rendition.-Chongqing Spicy Chicken (Chongqing lazi ji): Ask for "with  bones". The meat comes from the chicken wing and drumette portion.  Comes covered with red chili peppers, but push those aside and just chowdown on the chicken wings and spit out the bones.-Green beans (gan bian si ji dou). A good rendition with some pungent garlic. big thumbs up and I'll stop by here again when I'm in the area for work.
3	Being Asian, I judge Chinese restaurants by the service (which isn't great in amazing chinese food restaurants) and whether they speak the language.  Szechwan Palace met both these needs.  I understand the Asian population in Phoenix isn't as huge so they'd need to have the Americanized menu.  The soup was amazing and we even ordered an extra to go.  Anything spicy that you order will be SUPER spicy so be cautious when ordering.  It's authentic enough for me to want to come back here although I haven't tried any other places in the area yet.  I didn't understand the canned Lychee dessert at all, where's the mango pudding or the almond jelly?
4	yummy food... service is okay but food is great.
1	This is the first restaurant that I have seen that is open until exactly 9:15pm. It is an odd closing time and maybe they were in a rush at 8:45pm packing my to-go order because my two spring rolls at $2 were left out. The dipping sauce for those spring rolls were in there and that ended up getting dumped on the white rice that was included with my noodle dish which is also unusual. So, I tried rice noodles with beef, but rice noodles in this joint are not Singapore style (which I wanted), but instead were chow fun style whic is like american egg noodles basically. The english spoken by the front counter owner was not perfect and she also seemed in a rush to make that crazy 9:15 time a reality. Ok, so the noodles and the onions and scallions in the dish tasted like any other place, but the nasty, unedible and in some pieces uncooked (9:15?) pieces of beef really earned this place its one star. I order beef like once in three years in Chinese places knowing that every place usually sucks and this was no exception. The owner could have mentioned that i could have gotten all veggies, but she didn't when I questioned her and I didn't figure out on the long menu that i could have gotten the same dish for $7.95 with no disgusting beef on the American side of the menu instead of paying a buck more. There must be an asian TV show that starts at 9:30pm or something because I doubt you will ever see a 9:15pm closing time ever again. I think the show is called "food no Good"
3	Just to clarify this is NOT a hot pot kind of a place. They have premade hotpot but NOT the kind of hot people are looking for. I was very confused by some of the reviews and wanted to clarify to anyone else looking specifically for that "fun" hot pot environment. This is NOT it!
4	Surprisingly authentic Sichuan cuisine in Phoenix. The staff were very friendly and accommodated our infant without any problem. The mapo doufu had great spice to it. The garlic eggplant (yuxiang qiezi) had excellent flavor and we also highly recommend the twice cooked pork (hui guo rou) and fried green beans (ganbian sijidou). The prices are certainly reasonable for the size and quality of the food. The open kitchen is also a nice touch as it gives kids something fun to stare at (flames shoot up from the dishes being cooked every few minutes). Admittedly, we only went because out POS airline put us up at the residence inn across the street after we missed a connecting flight, however, if we go back to Phoenix or if we lived in Phoenix, we'd definitely go to Szechwan Palace again.
3	The food is great. The ambiance is nice.We went on a Saturday night and it was very crowded.The service could have been better. Our appetizers did not come all together. In fact one of our appetizers arrived after the entrees. (We did remind the waiters a few times but still no avail). We had to wait a long time for each of our dishes. In fact that is one of the main reasons I gave this place 3 stars.
4	This place is fantastic! Customer service was great and the prices are VERY reasonable. We kinda wandered our way into the Chinese Cultural Center on a lazy Sunday afternoon, I needed to pick up a couple of things from the market, and have been craving some genuinely delicious Chinese food (I was experiencing bad nerves exacerbated by systemic and repeated bouts of disappointment with my takeout and delivery options)...ANYWHO...we got allllllll sorts of kerfluffled and twitterpated when we saw they had a dim sum section on the menu...not very many dim sum options, but all of them sounded pretty good to me (plus it was the first time I actually SAW a dim sum menu, usually I just see folks wandering around with carts of unknown treasures and delights...no carts on the day we went there though).   The menu itself is GIGANTIC, HUGE, COLOSSAL (ok, not in a Cheesecake Factory way, but definitely more than you'll find at a hole-in-the-wall quick order-by-numbers place (ie #1 w/ chicken and #27 w/ shrimp)) ... and is broken down into Americanized and non. I love that. It gives me an opportunity to get something that I'm familiar with AND try some more risque items that I can't get from Panda Express. ;) So here's the dish:***Wonton in Spicy & Sour Sauce (dim sum) - Heavenly****Dumpling in Chili Sauce (dim sum) - Even better than the wontons**Dan Dan Noodle (dim sum) - it was ok, but the other two were way better*****Sauteed Green Bean - PHENOMENAL and second only to...*****Yuxiang Eggplant (this was so good that if someone told me I had to eat this eggplant and those green beans every day for the rest of my life, I would thank them...and maybe offer my eternal gratitude). All of that came to about $30, we were stuffed and had leftovers for my lunch the next day.Also, I went to their website (just now) and it looks like you can order takeout (Phoenix) or takeout AND delivery (Chandler) from them online. SOLID!!!
3	My lunch experience stands at 2.5 stars. My introductory question for you: Cheap and Fast vs. Quality?They have decently sized lunch portions including soup, small salad, veggie spring roll and choice of brown or white rice. The Beef with Broccoli was just ok, but for the price, I couldn't complain. The sauce with pretty thick, which I mixed into the rice for a pleasant consistency. One of my coworkers got the "average tasting" House Chicken, and another had the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce. Not only did we literally receive the bill before it arrived, she was terribly unhappy with the seafood quality and flavor. Her Diet Coke didn't show up till the end either - producing more sour reviews on her part.  My "veggie soup" consisted of a piece of broccoli, three carrots and an onion slice soaked in wonton broth. Go with the egg drop instead.I will mention that we were already grossly disappointed having learned the Golden Buddha was closed and it's hard to compete with them. For a quick, low budget Chinese food experience with a decent ambiance, Szechwan Palace is an option, but not a GREAT one.
3	Food is good. Service is horrible esp when you come here during busy lunch hour. The waitress are very busy. They don't like to make eye contacts with you. We sat for 40 min for our food to arrive.  We will go back for the food but definitely not during lunch time.
4	If you want authentic Chinese food, learn mandarin and come to Szechwan Palace.  If you are not Chinese you will be the minority. But that is ok because they make you feel welcome enough and the food is outstanding. Cost is very reasonable and their is quite a variety.
3	I don't remember eating here. Strange that I checked in.
4	HOT HOT HOT.  And did i mention hot? If you love spicy dishes full of flavor, take a drive over and have a feast.  I am writing this several weeks after my visit, so i do not remember much specifics but the dry hot pot dishes were amazing.. oh and for a tasty rare treat, get the xiao long bao.. they are little dumplings filled with meat and soup, a must try.  And that guy "Jihan L." is correct about the tingly numbing feeling, i welcome it !
4	I used to hate studying, but one must study the massive menu before placing an order.There are 2 Menus in one. Dishes that start with an A are the gringo dishes, Kung pow xxx mu shu vegetables etc. Then there dishes that start with a C, this means a dish unaltered from china. In come cases this means unusual ingredients like pork kidney, or just copious amounts of peppers as with the seczuan dishes. Being veg it took a bit of time to tease out dishes that were meat free and still had flavor but we managed a decent array, however I really want to go back and try some of the more exotic dishes and see if they can be made meat free. While the food is good, they may have a bit less service than the number of tables need so don't expect white glove service. But at these prices $6-8 for most dishes who cares.
4	My family's been coming to this place for years, and it used to be one of my favorite restaurants! Then we heard their head chef left a few years ago, and the quality wasn't as good anymore. Nevertheless, we were in the area last week and decided to try them out again. Came for dinner, and the place was pretty full! (Although, apparently the other restaurants in the plaza had closed down so it could just be due to lack of choice). We ordered our usual dishes, and they were still pretty good! The only disappointment was the cold noodles: They were pretty flavorless, and completely different from before. But the Chongqing Chicken (Bone-In) was still crispy and flavorful! However, the portion was much smaller than in the past. Another favorite of ours is the stir-fried green pepper potato strips, which didn't disappoint. Overall a solid spot to go for some authentic Szechwan cuisine.
4	If someone can read Chinese please take a look at the menu board photo and contact me to what I saw as I might have to change my rating and one of my list.If you order from the Chinese Menu and not the American Chinese Menu items your food might be TONGUE Thrilling Spicy and your mouth might get numb.We got started with the Sauteed Spicy Cucumbers. They were so crispy spicy and refreshing and were a nice start. I had the water boiled chicken and it WAS THE SPICIEST FOOD I EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. It was SO SPICY I felt High and my head was flooded with Euphoria. My mouth went numb. I had this dish twice here before once with chicken and once with fish and neither time before was it this kind of spicy. It really was too spicy for me this time so I took home my leftovers and will thin it down for latter. The chicken in this dish was tender like no other place makes chicken. This really was an experience.Our waiter highly recommended the hot spicy beef with pickled vegetables. The beef was very good and very tender like the chicken was and it also was a spicy dish but at a more comfortable level.Portions were large and generous.Service was pleasant (this time) but you only drink water unless you order a beer.They don't clear your plates when you are done either.It's an experience!
3	I have been here a few times and have really enjoyed the food. The chili fried green beans and ma la fish are excellent dishes that combine spicy, peppery flavors. The wontons were pretty good as well. However, I do not recommend the xiao long bao here (thick skin with no soup and too sweet of a flavor). The service tends to be a bit aimless and slow, so don't have great expectations there. The prices are quite good and it's easy to feed a group on a budget.
1	Went in and was promptly seated.  Someone came over and dumped water in our cups (with attitude) and walked away.  15 minutes later no one had come to get our order, others who sat down after us had ordered already.  Felt like maybe we were not served because we were not asian, as almost everyone else in the restaurant was.  Cant say for sure,.  The only time anyone talked to us was to ask if there were two for dinner before we sat down.  Disappointed because we were really looking forward to trying something different and authentic (menu looked good) - ended up walking out and going to tempe marketplace for dinner instead.  Apparently they didn't want to serve us.
4	This is our go to place for Chinese food everytime we go to the airport.  The first time we went the service was terrible, but the great food brought us back.  We visited the Palace again last night and it was 100% better.  We had a gentlemen as our server and he was humorous and very tentative to our party's needs.  We ordered our food and 5 minutes later we had all four dishes in front of us (fresh and not pre-made).  My personal favorite is Szechwan chicken.  However, everything we had was great.  The food is very good quality Chinese food and it isn't overly greasy.  I love Chinese food, but it doesn't always love me back (if you know what i mean)!   The ambiance is very nice and the noise level is very tolerable. When you check-in using the yelp app it says you will receive a free dessert - but they don't honor it for some reason.
5	The lunch was priced right, the portion were generous and all was cooked just right.  I had the shrimp and scallops = $8.00 covered all plus soup and egg role...  I iwll be back!
4	Kungpao chicken is the best iv ever had!Food is great, they are fast, and friendly. I love this place!
4	Asked my friend where he wanted to go for his Birthday and this is where he choose.I had never been here before,so I was excited to try it out.Lots of parking here at the Chinese cultural Center.Nice looking place inside and out. The Cultural Center is a huge beautiful building. Something that Phoenix really needs. But, it looks as if there is quite a few empty business spots here.We were seated right away,but it did take a while to get our tea. Very quickly though they brought our soup. It was hot and Sour and was very good.The lunch specials are huge plates and you can choose white rice or Brown. No substitutions on anything ,which is the norm.They dropped off the check and you pay it at the front counter. But 3 people were up there and they were all yelling in Chinese at each other about something.Four patrons were waiting to check out in a line and the were not helping anyone. It was a bit crazy. But, luckily we were not in a hurry.Nice place but, I think I like Mui's in Tempe better. My kung pao was not that spicy for some reason.Still worth a try.Close to the Airport. It is a great location.
5	Best Chinese food restaurant in Phoenix area!
1	Horrible service and bland, tasteless food!
4	Started with a beer and a few in our group had soup, and before we knew it our meals arrived! Wow, fast service and deliciously hot food...I especially loved my Kungpao Chicken which had plenty of heat from the chiles. Huge servings and so we shared our meals with one another.Our group enjoyed talking with each other and probably would have ordered 1-5 desserts, but instead we received our bill and fortune cookies. But anyway, we sat and talked while they continued to be sure our water glasses were filled.When visiting here, be sure to check the outdoor display of Hanghou and Suzhou which is part of the Chinese Cultural Center; provides a nice short walk to read the historical info or to sit quietly at the small pond.In the area there is a supermarket for everything. I shop there each time I eat at one of the establishments here.
4	Very nice!!!
5	After telling our friends about how awesome the Asian market was, they wanted to check out some of the restaurants. Every restaurant I've been to near an Asian market is fantastic and this is no exception. When we entered the place was packed which is always nice to see. The menu was huge which normally I don't like but this place has a great reason behind it - they offer traditional Chinese and Americanized dishes as well and they separate it on the menu too.We leaned more towards the American side since it was our first time. The pork fried rice was killer -the tables favorite. The chow mein was next in line and we got just the veggie version. We had some steamed buns that were probably closer to dumplings than buns, but of course those were fantastic as well. We had some chicken dishes too that were awesome but I can't remember what we had (which is probably a good thing so  I make sure I get some of the traditional dishes next time).Because I am not as familiar with some of the dishes, I asked a lot of questions of both the servers and the people surrounding us. I mean how else are you supposed to find out whats good if you don't ask and the right people to ask are the Chinese (I hope that doesn't come off as offensive because I do not mean it that way at all!).For four people the meal was extremely reasonable and we got a free egg roll with our check in offer.Next time I go, I am going to ask more questions and pretty much have someone order me something delicious and traditional so I can try new things and learn more about the food and culture. Can't wait to go back.
4	This place is pretty good. I like their hot boiled fish, some cold dishes and beef stew. They have good chinese soups too.
4	Locatred in the Chinese cultural center.Restaurant with a menu of both Chinese and Americanzed Chinese dishes - and identified as such.I ordered a dish that had tofu, shrimp and other things in it.  Can't remember the name, but it was quite good.The srevings are HUGE and a good price.The service was excellent!
5	I try to go to this place once a week. I have limited time for lunch. Staff seats me right away and usually within 8 minutes of walking into the restaurant the food is at my table. The lunch menu is not expensive and you get  a lot of food for your money.  The staff is very friendly, quality food, great service, clean restaurant, great value. I wish all restaurants operated this way!!
5	Amazing food. And they can make it spicy. Was recommended to me by my chinese labmate. According to him, this is the closest to authentic as it gets in Phoenix.The service is super fast. Not a lot of wait after you order. The waiters are more attentive to Chinese patrons i realized. (I have been here 50 times till date).My fav: beaf tendons, jalapeno chicken, water boiled fish. sesame rice filling balls(forgot what they are called).A note on takeout: Their online system is great. But they close at 3pm. If you placed your order close to 3, they have utter confusion on what to do. Call and confirm with them. Also, they have this stupid policy of giving one tiny takeout box of rice even if you ordered 10 dishes. Please keep that in mind and order rice.
1	Went there for lunch on 9/6/2013.  When we walked in the man at the front desk seemed uninterested and told us to seat ourselves.  We started to settle into a spot but got interrupted by a waitress who then seated us. Make up your mind people.  Menus came fast but without a drink order, we were both very thirsty as it was over 100 out side.  We also had to wait a bit long for the food order.  The staff seemed to pointedly ignore us and walk past our table again and again.  Our waitress eventually came to check on us but was so intent on speedily asking a quick question she started to walk away without a drink order again, we had to stop her.  Food came promptly, with our drinks, but it tasted so so at best, about take out quality.  We chugged through the waters and soda very quick but the empty glasses sat at the edge of the table until we finally had to hold up an empty glass and yell over for someone to bring refills. Rude yes, but nothing else got any kind of attention.  After we were done, yep you guessed it, waited forever for the check.  No excuse for a place with people at only 10% of the tables.Another big issue:  They have a yelp coupon for checking in, even though it was presented at time of ordering, they WOULD NOT HONOR IT!!Bad service, so so food and dishonest representation.  And we had been trying to get there for a long time.   At least it was cheap.Update:  We were contacted by the manager regarding the coupon not being honored.  They said it was only for the dinner service.  Problem is, the coupon did NOT state that.  This makes it false advertising and constitutes fraud in my book.  Its called "bait and switch" draw them in with a false ad.  That only makes me feel worse about this place, can I take the one star back?
2	Not the best but not the worst Chinese food.Had the Schezwan Shrimp for lunch. Egg drop soup was brought out promptly and the main course after two spoonfuls of the soup.Soup was nothing special. Egg roll almost flavorless and mushy. No ability to substitute Lo mein for rice. Better like rice. This IS a Chinese restaurant right? Everything came out on same plate. Cold salad next to hot entree next to hot rice. Most places serve these separately. Obviously a move to save servers work.Iced tea was basically water. I didn't notice the menu advice until writing this. Maybe my experience would have been better? Probably the food but I doubt the service. Just a thought, have any of them been to an American restaurant where they give you BOTH menus?Check was delivered halfway through meal. Thank you very much. You may go now.Meh
1	Horrible experience.We ordered 3 entrees. General Tsos, Chow Mein and the Warer boiled chicken.The Tsos and Mein were decent at best. The other dish which was recommended as their favorite and is supposed to be spicy came out and it was god awful. It was Water boiled spicy beef.We told the waitress it was unedible. It was barely spicy and had something in it that numbs your tongue and tasted like novacane. Our tongues were all numb.No Offer to exchange it for something else. And certainly they were not about to remove it from the tab. Bad customer service as far as I'm concerned. Tip for the owners this is America, not China. Work on your customer service skills
5	The closest thing you'll find to a Chinatown in these neck of the woods. The Shanghai style semi spicy fish filet and pork rice cake dishes reccomended by the peppy server/owner dude was delish! Shao lung bow was average at best.
3	Love the food here but the service is horrible! There doesn't seem to be any order in which section the waiters worked in. They rush us thru order.....and then u have to flag them down if u want anything else.
3	So I'll admit, I actually thought Miu's in Tempe INVENTED this style of cuisine. I had never had it or even seen it anywhere besides there (probably because of that whole "secret menu" thing chinese restaurants like to do). So when I moved from the Tempe area a few months ago, not being a stones throw from Miu's was, quite honestly, the saddest part.When I found out the Szechwan Palace (Located about three blocks from where I used to live in Arcadia, BTW) also offered the spicy cucumbers, dan dan noodles, and spicy lamb ribs I had come to love, I was so excited to try it and PRAYED it would fill the void in my life that Miu's once filled.  Well, it didn't.That's not to say it's not like 1000x better than any other "Americanized" Chinese restaurant out there (Also, it's hilarious that they have a an actual section of the menu called "Americanized Chinese"), but when comparing Apple to Apples (which I always do when it comes to restaurants like this) Miu's is a 5 and Szechwan is about a 3. Here's my deal (and i ordered my exact order):1) Spicy cucumbers were warm  One of the most delightful aspects of this dish is the cool temperature combined with the heat.  Warm cucumber are gross.2) Dan Dan noodles were standard. Much cheaper than Miu's though so that got them a star3) Spicy Lamb Ribs were a little weak. I get that I'm a white girl drinking pinot grigio, but a can handle my heat.  Please don't coddle me. Basically, if you need szechwan in the area, which I do, I'm glad they are here.  But if you are looking for top notch food, go to miu's.  If you're looking for top notch service, don't get chinese, because it sucks everywhere.
4	My family has been coming here for years because it's one of the few authentic Chinese food places. It's always very good, and my personaly favorites are the dan dan noodles and the eggplant. They make it really spicy. I gave this place 4 stars because over the years the portion sizes of our favorite chicken dish has gotten smaller,and also the service is far short of top notch. But, if you like spicy authtentic szchwan food, I would definitley give this place a try. As for the review made by "Arizona T." That "numbing" feeling is part of the traditional flavor of  Ma la, made by a (I think some pepper thingy) That is only found in Szchwan.... so don't come here if you're a phony! This place is best for real authentic Szechwan food.
4	I am a real Chinese, so this flavor is all I'm being looking for in Glendale...we ordered several "signature" dishes for schzuan style on the menu, and there are definitely ups and downs here:The cold dishes taste really good. We ordered beef tripes, and they're delicious.We also tried the kidney, love it! The chicken in hot wok, love it! The steamed whole tilapia, you HAVE TO try it!!! Super delicious!!!The water-boiled series are a little bit turned down for me. The taste is weird and there should be way more vegetables in the soup. In general, pretty good place to have some schzhuan style food.
4	For the price at lunch I am not sure you can get much better.  The food is good to great.  The price is cheaper then Panda Express and it blows that out of the water.  I love the Sweet and Sour, and the Kung Pau.  They give you soup and a salad with your meal as well.
1	Went with an open mind to try something new and out of the ordinary. Ordered pig intestine stirfry but server talked me into boiled beef and fish. What a mistake!  Flavor was different but initially good. After a few mouths full I began to have a numbness in my lips and tongue. I left and was still charged for inedible food. My suggestion is to go to Panda Express. Terrible food and service to match.
1	Have been for lunch during the week several times and it was worth putting up with the consistently rude and horrible service for the quick and good and cheap food.     Went today for early Sunday dinner and will not go back.   Service was beyond horrible and food just OK at best.   Also too expensive for what you get.    I don't need to spend thirty dollars to be treated.rude.
1	The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. Not only did they serve us EXTREMELY salty food - for all three dishes and one EXTREMELY SOUR- we had three people in our party, so it's not just my opinion- when we told them to try it, they said it suits out taste and refused to cancel the charge until after thirty minutes of disputing with them. WILL NEVER RETURN HERE. (Btw Chinese people at our table so they actually know what it's supposed to taste like)
4	Good food, decent priced lunch menu.  Definitely recommend!
5	My wife and I love, love, love this place!  Since discovering it a couple of months ago it has become a weekly treat.  The dumplings in chili oil, vegetable fried rice and hot and sour soup are our regular items, usually supplemented by one other dish.The food is consistently great.  Service is very fast and efficient, but they don't dote on you like some fine dining places.Highly recommended!
5	Okay, people. There are NOT a lot of good Chinese restaurants in the state of Arizona. I know this because I have tried almost all of them in search of finding something equivalent to the restaurants in California.Szechwan Palace is the best place I have eaten at in this entire state so hooray for them!! I LOVE LOVE their pickled cabbage. It is ridiculous spicy and that just makes me extremely happy. You MUST get their Chinese menu (I think they have a different Chinese and American menu for people who are not used to eating traditional Chinese food). Their spicy cumin lamb is soo good. Actually, I've gotten a lot of dishes there and haven't really been disappointed by anything during dinnertime.Warning - during lunch, I think their lunch specials are only American-Chinese food which consists of orange chicken and broccoli beef which really does not represent how good the food is. Go for dinner and experience the real Chinese food :)
5	I ordered the general tsao's chicken. No finer has passed through these lips. Seriously.
5	best szechwan cuisine in this town. spicy and delicious.
5	Amazing sichuan place...I used to be a regular when I was in Phoenix. They used to make the best Kung Pao Tofu... But this time, I wanted to go with my current favorite sichuan dish.. dan dan noodles. They were amazing but I shouldn't have ordered them for lunch... they were no way enough for me.As always, the service was fast and the food was tasty. Really miss this place.
5	I've eaten here twice in the last few weeks and both times were with friends from mainland China - Shanghai and Beijing.  Both of these friends proclaim the restaurant as very authentic and I agree, having visited China at least a dozen times.The food is tasty - I've eaten boiled chicken, kung pao chicken, pork noodle soup, pork dumplings, vinegar cucumber and sauteed garlic green beans.  All delicious although I have a feeling I was eating a lot of calories.  So if you desire authentic Chinese food such as you would get in Shanghai or Beijing, try this place.  It's in the Chinese Cultural Center.
2	This place has an obvious identity crisis. They ARE an authentic Szechuan Chinese restaurant BUT have to serve Americanized Chinese food on the side. They make it awkwardly obvious they are not proud of that separating the menu between "Authentic" and "Americanized". It's like the 1970s and 80s all over again! I guess Phoenix doesn't have enough customers to appreciate Szechuan cuisine at it's finest. Food: Me: Mapo tofu Lady: American or Chinese style? Me: .....?? *In my head* I'm freakin Chinese give me the Chinese one! Mapo Tofu - I should have order the American one...what she was really asking is Cantonese or Szechuan. Cantonese is sweeter with a semi thick sauce. Szechuan version is soaked in hot oil which did not set well for my stomach and it is the knumbing version which makes you feel like crap if you're not use to it. Sizzling rice soup - MSG soup with snow peas, baby corn, chicken and shrimp. Ok ok I should expect a dish like this to such, but my American side was craving this...don't judge me! Service: Limited English staff. Chinese attitude. I Love it! But not after a long day at work. Environment: It actually looks pretty nice in here. About 60% of their patrons are actually Chinese with limited English. Price: Wasn't expensive for the type of food served. Americanized menu is much cheaper. I would give this place another shot if I lived in the area.Food: 2Service: 2Environment: 4Price: 3
3	We  go to this restaurant fairly regularly as it is close to home. The food, generally, is really good. They have a 2-part menu: Chinese food for Chinese people and Chinese food for Americans.  We've ordered from both menus but definitely prefer the traditional selections. What's not good is the service. There are never enough servers, they tend to ignore you more than make sure everything is fine, and generally are not very friendly.  There was a new woman tonight who was actually pretty great, but only time will tell if tonight's experience was an anomaly.  The place is good for a casual meal and for groups as they are often accommodated.
4	I have lived in Phoenix for about 18 months now.  My first six months I had plenty of chances to eat out.  The whole time I was looking for more authentic Chinese food.  Not the overly sweet sauces of americanized Chinese food, but edgier stuff.While living in the Netherlands (where Chinese food is even worse than Phoenix) we learned that good Chinese restaurants have two menus, one for the casual Chinese eater looking for a step up from Panda Express and Chinese buffets and one menu for the die hards, native Chinese food eaters.  Often these menus are not even in English (or Dutch as it were).Well, my looking in Phoenix has come to an end.  Szechwan Palance has such a menu.  Granted, theirs is not so seret, they share the same menu, but in different sections.I have been here twice and I have found the food to be quite good.  there are some edgier dishes that we have not braved yet (i.e. kidney, brains, intestines, odd seafood etc.) but the ones we have tried have been quite tasty.  Dan Dan Noodle, simple and right on, small bowl, but rather cheap.Chinese egglplant in spicy bean sauce - very good, ordered it twice, and I do not even like eggplant.Beef boiled soup - I have grown to love this dish over the last few years (starting in netherlands),  There are so many flavors and interesting items included.  We love to get rice with it to sop up as much juice as we can.  though we have been told by friends that broth is simply there to cook the meat and veggies, not to eat as a soup.We have Chinese national friends and they all claim it is a great place for authentic Chinese Szechwan.  The Service - many comment on the service - OK it is only so so.  Last time we were there they never even asked us if we wanted anything to drink.  Had to ask them to clear dishes etc.  Not really rude, just not what we are used to in restaurants.  I wont let this curtain our dinning there, I count it as part of the experience.
5	After not coming here for a whole my family decided to give it another try, and we were definitely surprised! The dan dan noodles as usual were fantastic, and what I said earlier about portion sizes getting smaller was totally wrong when they brought out the chicken! Service, which had been lacking before was fantastic. Overall, I would definitely recommend as far as Szechuan places go around here
4	I occasionally crave Chinese food, but we're in Phoenix...which isn't as culturally diverse as one my think. However! I've been to the Chinese Cultural Center (COFCO) for festivals and shopping.  Szechwan Palace is situation in the foremost corner of the Center.  One can dine in or take out.  Most of the patrons were Asian, which is a good indication that the place serves authentic food.  Don't come with high expectations though, this is not a posh place, by no means.  But the food is delicious! I was able to get a respectable glass of Riesling too.  Service is seriously lacking. The waitresses are in no rush to serve.  I waited over 10 minutes after I was seated for someone to take my drink order. I gave the order for drink and appetizer at the same time. The appetizer came out ten minutes before the drink finally came.  I thought to myself, "this is going to be a loooong evening..."  The good food justifies the long waits. ...I guess.
5	My favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Very nice foods and very quick cooking. Nice environment (inside and outside), and nice service. I would recommend this place to any friends visiting Phoenix.
3	We decided to try something new and said we wouldn't order anything from the Americanized menu. The place is cute and environment was nice. As previous reviewers have said, the service is a bit lacking because there's only about 3-5 servers working. We ordered xiao long bao (dumplings with soup inside), water boiled pork, and intestine dry hot pot. the xiao long bao was really good and flavorful, those are always a nice treat. the water boiled pork has a literal tongue numbing effect and I just couldn't enjoy that dish with a numb tongue. I'm not sure what kinda spices but it was spicy and I like that this place can make some spicy, flavorful dishes. the intestines were good but there were so many peppers. overall, good place and we'll probably be back to order from the Americanized menu and stick with that.
5	I've been travelling to Phoenix for the past 5 years.  Szechwan Palace is always on my list of restaurants to hit up during my stay.  I have often been the only Caucasian customer in the restaurant during a visit.  To me, this is a mark of a good Chinese joint.  This is not your run of the mill average Americanized Chinese food. You can order from the American-Chinese menu or from the more authentic Chinese menu.  I've had items from both and all were great.  My favorite combination is the General Tso's (best I've ever had) and the steamed spicy pork dumplings.  Go there.  If you have a couple of extra minutes, drop in Super L Ranch Market, too.  They have some interesting items.
4	This place has some of the best pork soup dumplings or xiao long boa that i've had yet in Phoenix -not necessarily saying too much.  Also, their scallion pancakes were very well made.
5	Very original dishes.
1	This was the worst food and the worst service I've ever experienced! The food came out exactly 4 minutes after ordering. Was hard as a rock as they had over cooked what was already made. When we asked about other options the waiter told us maybe next time we just shouldn't order the chicken and walked away. It was only after we returned the dishes uneaten that the manager came and asked what we wanted. Additionally, upon receiving the check, the waiter yelled at us to not touch it as we tried to point out how to split the check. Would never step foot in that place again.
1	Staff was rude, unfriendly and unprofessional. The food was over priced and too salty.
5	This place is just really really good. It may be pricey but I am a believer in you get what yo pay for. Fresh ingredients always cooked just right. Flavorful and delicious every time I go. Fast turn over times when I am picking up and taking my food to go, great service the few times I have eaten in the dining area. I always recommend this place as an east side of phoenix must try!
2	Came here looking for soup dumplings after having an amazing experience in NYC's Chinatown. I know it's really not fair to compare this place with what we had in NYC, but I definitely left disappointed. The service was lightening fast, but there was definitely the feeling that we received different service since we weren't Asian. For example, soup dumplings are pretty impossible to eat without the small porcelain spoon, but we received no utensils to eat them with at all. The eggplant was good, but was saltier and more sour than I was expecting. My mother said that her duck was pretty dry despite the copious amount of sauce on the plate. Overall, I would say good effort for Phoenix, but I won't be returning.
5	Best Chinese food in Phoenix I've been coming for years , my favorite dishes are the cucumber and garlic, celery peanut,  pork and bamboo shoot, salt and pepper shrimp ,  I have gotten in a rut and keep ordering my favorites and not tried some Of the more interesting items on the menu.  this place would be great for 8 or 10 people they got big round table with the lazy Susan to try a bunch of dishes .  I would love to see this place to do a monthly tasting event where people sign up in advance and all sit together and try some of the more exotic dishes and the Chef could come out and talk to the group about the meal an preparation . Keep up the good work
3	I've been to this Szechuan restaurant on numerous occasions. Their chef is from Szechuan, and their extensive menu encompasses both authentic and Americanized dishes.  The sizable square-shaped interior includes good lighting, booths, lazy Susans, and traditional Chinese artifacts. The flavors of their Szechuan specialties are far more compelling than the Americanized items. These dishes often include meat, innards, or fish served in red chili pepper and a pool of tongue-numbing hot oil. The propensities of these dishes can be so intense that I often counteract with an order of light tasting vegetable or non-spicy items to lift the taste buds.For appetizer, I recommend the Beef Tendon in Spicy Sauce ($6.95). The strips of shaved tendon came with firm textures seasoned by hot oil. The same tongue numbing effect can be felt with an order of Fuqi Feipian ($6.95), another chilled dish prepared with beef shank, heart, and tripe. For main entrees, my favorite is the Mao Xue Wang ($15.95), a dish stacked with red chili, hot oil, pork blood, intestines, luncheon meat, tripe, and bean sprouts. The Water Boil Fish ($10.95) can be a good choice too due to the thick cuts of fish filets and light tasting ingredients that work in contrast to the heavier spicy oil. Their Ma Po Tofu ($7.95) was fresh, spicy, and addictive too.Dishes that I like to order to accompany the numbing flavors are the Spicy Cabbage stir-fry ($6.95) and Tea Smoked Duck ($12.95). The sweetness of the cabbage tends to outweigh the peppers in it. The duck's tea smoked flavors had the same effect, but the meat can also appear leaner and boney than expected. I was disappointed in the Xiao Long Bao ($???) due to its thicker skins and ground pork that needed more seasoning. The much anticipated juicy effect was nonexistent. The dishes that I don't recommend are the Cumin Lamb ($13.95) and Water Boiled Pork Kidney ($9.95). The composition of the lamb stir-fry with cumin, chili, and sesame was spot on, but the meat was cut too small for me to fully enjoy it. The Water Boiled Pork Kidney ($9.95) also fell into this category for the thinly shaved kidney that tends to lose its ways and chewy texture.I had mix results with the Americanized dishes. In particular, both the Walnut Shrimp ($12.95) and Orange Chicken ($8.95) failed to stand out. The flavor on the deep-fried chicken with orange slices and sweet and sour sauce fell flat. I'm not sure why they use sweet and sour sauce, and a hint of spiciness would have made it more dynamic. Additionally, the House Foo Young ($10.95) that came with eggs and a mix of seafood and meat was delicious, but the thick savory gravy made it too salty in the end.Lastly, the Dan Dan Noodle ($5.95) was not made wit the right sauce. The Spicy Wonton ($5.95) was too skimpy and the rice plates such as Shrimp Fried Rice ($7.95) and House Fried Rice ($7.95) were pretty ordinary without the wok tossed airy texture.Service can be wildly inconsistent depending on the individual server that I was assigned to. Overall, the Szechuan items were tasty and enough to bring me back for more. They also have a lunch special menu but prospective diners should consider their water boiled dishes, meat items, cold plates, and stir-fried vegetables in order to get a decent fare. 2.5 stars. I hope to visit their Chandler location to see if they are any better.
4	First time at Szechuan Palace, after reading Yelp reviews. Ordered to go and took it back to work for myself and coworker. He ordered the Szechuan shrimp lunch special and I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken Lunch special. Both came with choice of soups, rices and a salad. The Szechuan Shrimp was well received but he said "I wish it had more shrimp". Don't we all?  The Kung Pao Chicken was good, with plenty of sauce and chicken. I actually wanted more peanuts. The rice, soup and egg roll were all good but the salad was a waste of time. I think they were making the Americans happy with a salad but I don't like ranch dressing. I will try it again, mostly because I meant to order General Tsao's Chicken. I know, dumb.
2	When I called the lady answering barely understood what I was asking for. I asked for lunch special and she sounded lost. Second, the orange chicken was soaked in the red sauce. I mean don't get me wrong I love the red sauce but it was just TOOO overpowering! Then it was just too fried up where I had a hard time chewing it down! Unfortunately, this is a first and LAST time here...
1	Service was excellent but food is too salty and not good.  Asian Cafe Express in Mesa is still the best Chinese food in Phoenix Metro. This place is so expensive and not worth it. We had the the spicy tofu, Hunan beef, orange chicken, lamb sizzling plate, Steam bun, pot sticker in chili sauce. Nothing tasted good.  I think 3 of 4 of us had an upset stomach after having the spicy tofu. Definitely not going back.
2	This was my first time at SP. We waited about 15 min after being seated before someone came to take our order. We were never offered or asked if we wanted anything to drink. We started with pot stickers and egg roles then continued with orange chicken. After ordering, the pots tickers came right out and tasted old and deep fried when the menu said pan fried. Within 2 minutes after getting the appetizer our entree came out. It really worries me when food comes out that fast. All the food tasted old and refried and the fried rice was mushy.The service was not good and no one came back to check on us or to refill our drinks. The waited disappeared and the only reason we got boxes or a check was because the busser  saw me looking around for service. We will probably not return.
2	This place had decent reviews.  Decent is a gratuitous word for this restaurant.  I had DanDan Noodles, House Special Chicken and House Special Fried Rice.DanDan Noodles were good.  A bit plain but good! Deserves a star by itself!House Special Chicken was decent.  Large plate.House Special Fried Rice.  Horrible!  Rice was too wet and laden with MSG. Not salty but you know that 'salty taste' that lasts 30 minutes later?  MSG.  This is the main reason why I gave this place 2 stars.
5	I think that this is the best Chinese restaurants in phoenix, the great taste like home. And not only delicious food, and the service is also very good.
4	There are lots of great restaurants near Phoenix area, as a Chinese student, I would like to say the Szechwan palace can represent the authentic Chinese food.  I ordered Mopo Tofu, Chongqing Hotpot and Boiled beef and fish today. All dishes are really spicy and I really love it.
2	Food was ok. Fried rice excellent. However, service was terrible. Each of our four person party's entrees was delivered 5-10 minutes apart. By the time my son's meal arrived, my mother-in-law had been politely staring at her soup for 20 minutes. Also, staff was rude. Don't recommend.
1	Unfortunately this place has horrible customer service. They messed up my order and refused to make it right. Their food is just like their customer service - horrible. See for yourself, why don't you :)
4	Great food and atmosphere, at a very reasonable price. Strongly recommend this place.
5	Very comparable to the szechwan food I've had during my many visits to Chengdu.   Authentic array of dishes, properly spicy (la/ma), good service.  I've never had a bad meal here in the 10 years I've been a patron.  I've tried 'rated' Szechwan places in San Francisco, NY and LA and this place is better.   So grateful to have a place like this in Phoenix.
1	We ordered for takeaway.  When we arrived the order was not ready.  We allowed 30 minutes after ordering. The place was very crowded and one person was handling seating the dine in guests, answering the phone and serving the takeout customers.  We were asked to pay in advance and then we waited. After about 20 minutes with no sign of our order we asked for our money back and left.  I am sure the food is good but not worth the wait.
