2	Skanky hotel jammed in the meat and potatoes of the strip.  The Bellagio, Paris, Ceasars, etc flank this run-down Reno-style casino.  But this is where I began my Vegas runs, posing as an older member of the human race.  You can grab $2 blackjack.  And I believe my friends and I played 8 hrs of straight $1 craps when I just turned legal age...to smoke.
4	Exactly as Robby said! A total Reno style casino...It's great! I love Vegas, but sometimes you just need to escape the scene and when you aren't the best gambler this place treats you right! Plus Beers and Daiquiris are only $1.00. I can't bitch about that! If your just looking to get out of the limelight, and play some cheap tables this is the place!
3	Not bad - great location - $1 margaritas (small but yummy); outback steakhouse & denny's is connected to the hotel.  It's a decent place to stay if you just need a place to crash for the night.
3	This is where my husband took me so I could learn to play blackjack because the tables are dirt cheap. It's kinda scummy and smokey but it's great if you are a beginner and don't want to lose a bunch of money. You couldn't pay me to sleep at this place though. EWW
3	Didn't stay at the hotel but the Craps game is the best even though it only pays double on 12, it offers 100X odds!!! Well worth it for cheap gaming on the Strip. The place is a little old but not run down, with low ceilings and the air smelling like smoke. The locals are friendly and the drinks are okay.
4	Four stars for this tiny casino which looks like a Disney World re-imagining of San Francisco before the quake of aught-6? You better believe it.1) It's right on the Strip. Next door to Harrah's, across from the Mirage, down the street from the Venetian.2) Its low ceilings and crowded gaming floor may annoy some, but I found it comforting.3) $1 poker and $1.50 vodka tonics. And bartenders who call you "chief."As Frank Musso's Restaurant, this spot was a fave hangout of the guys from the Sands, which was next door. It later became Joey's New Yorker Night Club, and then Nob Hill. Thus, the SF decor. There was a Travelodge on one side of Nob Hill and a Denny's on the other. Casino Royale took over the Travelodge for rooms and the Denny's for a 24-hour restaurant. Not classy but efficient. The other dining option is an Outback steak house. Hey, it's $1 poker!
3	A divey hotel and casino but I can't complain, everything was free since my boyfriend got the room, meals, drinks and playing chips for free.  He played/won often enough that he was sent coupons in the mail to cover most of the costs.  All we would have to pay for would be the airfare, we would end with a nice hotel the last few nights, just to stay someplace nice.The sleeping rooms are small, Motel 6 quality, an enclosed parking lot surrounded by the tiny casino/hotel.   Even though we were in non smoking rooms, they did smell smokey.  It is a prime location, in the center of everything of the strip, you can walk everywhere.  Did love that.
4	Never stayed here but they have $1.00 craps with 100x ODDS!!! and also $1.00 bottles of beer (I know, you can get alcohol for free in vegas, but still worth mentioning)
3	Casino Royale will always have a dear place in my heart.It was where they accepted my terrible, terrible fake id when I was 19 and let me play black jack to my heart's content.It was where I learned to play craps at the *only* sit-down craps table in all of Las Vegas (so they say).  It was the first place I stayed inside a casino all night to stumble into the light of a new Las Vegas morning, accidentally leaving all of my chips on the table and trying to find a cab back to my hotel with two other girls who did the same.It continues to be where I will inevitably and unapologetically end up on any given Las Vegas trip for at least a hand or two, dragging whoever is with me in there who no doubt wonders why we are going into this sad little dump (unless they are part of the original crew who also went there with their crappy fake IDs, in which case they too will proclaim the greatness of Casino Royale as we stroll down the Strip).
4	Old School casino on the strip. Very cheap, which is hard to find in Vega$ these days. Play the $2 Craps table and up your backing odds to make some money. Cheap drinks too. Unfortunately it can get pretty packed on the weekends, which makes it tough to get in on a table.
5	5 Stars for their $1 frozen adult beverages.  They have strawberry and lime flavors.  I used to stop by when I was crusing the strip to stay hydrated, double fisted of course, but this time I figured out a little trick.  Here is what you do, request an empty 6-pack box and fill it up with 6 beverages of your choice.  They fit perfectly!  If you are feeling kind, you can share the 6pack with a friend or stanger and make their day.   I am craving 6 right now.
1	I go to Casino Royale for one reason: to play cheap craps with great odds. Yeah, it's a dump. Yeah, the dealers aren't very skilled or very personable (with a couple of interesting exceptions). Yeah, the tables are so crowded it's hard to find a spot. But $2 minimums with 100x odds?  Let me at it.Sadly, the days of $2 minimums are gone.  The last I checked, it was $3, or even $5 at times. Time to find another place.  Perhaps the dreaded Slots-a-Fun? Or maybe Westin's $1 minimum during happy hours.
1	FAQQ: This place is awful. Why would I ever go here?A: Two words: Dollar. Roulette.Q: You're kidding me, right?A: No! There's really Dollar Roulette there. AND Quarter Roulette. Trust me, twenty bucks goes a long way at this place. Another two words: Cheap. Booze.Q: Honestly, this place is just sad. Look at those old ladies pulling on those one-armed bandits. Look at those dealers with dead, dead eyes. Why even bother?A: Some more words: I. Lost. All. My. Money. Betting. On. Funny. Cide. To. Place. Instead. Of. Show.FYI ... This place IS a dump. But degenerate gamblers with no money flock here. My kind of scum.
4	We had reservations to stay here this spring, but had to cancel our trip the day of because my friend got pretty sick.  So unfortunately Casino Royale still charged me the $70 for the first night, but I knew that they had a 48-hour cancellation policy, so I can't really knock 'em for that.  When we made it to Vegas in September finally, we ended up staying at the Planet Hollywood hotel/casino, which was a good choice.  But we still swung by here for the $1 beer and margaritas and some good roulette playing.  Dealers were all super friendly/fun here and the minimum bets aren't as high as a lot of places on the Strip.  I could definitely spend some more time here.
3	So it's not the most glamorous hotel, but it's damn cheap compared to some of its neighbors, and it's in a great location!  You can walk to most of the major casinos including the Venetian, the Mirage, Caesar's Palace, etc (depending on how far you're willing to walk).
5	This place is great Despite the crowds and smoke - my god Who does not love 100X odds at $1 craps tables Amazing place to gamble
3	100X odds?  This review is for someone who doesn't know what 100X odds means & why people on this blog keep talking about them. You can look up a comprehensive set of rules for playing craps on multiple web sites so I am not going to go over them here. Normally, every bet has a house edge.Casino's make a fortune on pure chance bets like slots, roulette, and most craps bets. For instance, the casinos keeps an average of $1 out of $19 that is bet on roulette. I am describing the pure chance bet where the casino keeps the least amount of your money. The bet is called "playing the pass line and taking the maximum allowable odds in craps".  At most strip casinos the house keeps an average of $1 in $251 on this bet. At Casino Royale the house keep $1 in $1013 for the 20X game, and in for the 100X game the house keeps an incredibly low $1 in $4785 . This last amount represents the lowest house edge of any game in any casino in Vegas. You should have at least $400-$500 to play these games. You can play with less, but your risk of immediate bankruptcy is higher. More money is always desirable.  CORPORATE STRIP CASINO: (#1) Find the craps game with the lowest minimum bet which is probably $15. (#2) Wait until the dealer turns the four inch black puck so that the black side with the word "OFF" is face up. (#3) Place $15 in the area marked "Pass Line" in front of you. (#4) Root for a 7 or 11. If the shooter rolls a 7 or an 11 the dealer will place an additional $15 next to your bet. Take your winnings and put it in the chip tray in front of you. (#5) If the shooter rolls a 2,3 or 12 you will lose your bet and you must start over on step #1. (#6) If the shooter rolls the dice and they sum to 4 or a 10, place an additional $45 behind your initial bet just outside of the "Pass Line" area.  If the shooter rolls a 5 or a 9, put an additional $60 in the same place. If the shooter rolls a 6 or an 8, put an additional $75 in the same place. This step is called "taking the odds". (#7) Root for the shooter to re-roll the same number (called "the point"). If he succeeds you will win $105. Take all your money except the original $15 back up to your chip tray. (#8) If the shooter rolls a 7 you will lose all of the money on the table. If you do this consistently the casino edge will be to keep an average of $1 for every $251 bet. These odds are referred to by the abbreviation (3X, 4X, 5X) and they are the norm for any of the corporate casinos on the strip.  CASINO ROYALE GAME (20X): Look for a craps game that says "Minimum $3 with 20X odds". Repeat all of the steps above with the $3 minimum bet. When you are "taking the odds" always put $60 behind the bet. Your winnings will either be $123, $93 or $75. You will always lose $63. The casino will be keep an average of $1 for every $1013 bet.  CASINO ROYAL GAME (100X): The 100X game is the lowest house edge of any game of any casino in Vegas. When the minimum bet is $1 the game is affordable to many gamblers. When you "take the odds" the bet will be $100. If the minimum is $5 then "taking 100X odds" is a  $500 bet. You need at least $3000 in your bankroll and nerves of steel. In April of 2008, the casino was only offering the 100X odds on one table for a $5 minimum. If you can't get these odds, be consoled by the fact that a 20X game with $3 minimum is much better than anything else on the strip, and also better than any of the downtown casinos.========================= Casino Royale pioneered the idea of having 100X odds every day. Previously casinos just offered them as a promotion.==================Besides craps, the other table games at Casino Royale are awful. The  craps tables are jammed.================== The 20X game is also offered at Main Street Station in downtown Las Vegas, but often with a $10 minimum.  A 10X game is offered in many downtown casinos and The Stratosphere on the extreme northern end of the strip. Downtown casinos also offer a lower house edge on a "field bet".================== Even if you have a very small bankroll, the minimum bet without taking any odds has significantly lower house edge than roulette or slots. If it is any way crowded you will feel some pressure to increase your bets. Remember that part of the dealer's job is to encourage players to take other bets that have a higher payout, but a much larger house edge.==================It's hard to believe Casino Royale with it's 3.5 acres of strip front property will last long. The Venetian just announced that they are going to shoehorn a multi billion dollar condo project onto a 1 acre site only about 500 yards to the North. Harrah's made a land swap for the 4.3 acre property that contains Bill's Gambling Hall (formerly Barbary Coast). The land they swapped was worth an estimated 1/3 of a billion dollars. That property is only 600 yards to the South.
4	This is a fun place to gamble on the cheapo slots.  They have a lot of fun & interesting games that I had only seen at this property.  Don't expect a lot of waitress service, but if you want to bang away on some slots and be able to move to a lot of different machines in a couple hours, you can do it here right in the middle of the strip.
3	3.5 stars b/c they have Switch Blackjack! Cool and fun game to play. I always stop by to get my "Funbook" for the coupon that pays double if I get a blackjack.They usually have a coupon for buy one get one free Ben and Jerry's in that room too. Ghetto = Cheap gambling in here :)
4	my boyfriend and i initially found ourselves here, because we stayed at the nearby imperial palace -- but don't let that discount this review. after all, we are college students on a budget, and this place gave us everything we wanted. cheap cheap drinks, cheap slots and poker machines ate hours of our time, and it was great. i could drink their $1 strawberry margaritas like water. and since tap water in vegas is as bad as it is, i pretty much did.if the so-cheesy-it's-funny atmosphere isn't your thing (thanks again, IP), but you still only have $5 in your pocket, this is the place to be.
5	This casino is all about what Las Vegas should be.  It's a great carefree time where they lure you in with cheap or free drinks, and you lose money at no more than a comfortable pace while joking with your dealer.  No matter how shiny the Wynn is, it shouldn't be about saying to your friends "I lost a sh!tload on the worst odds ever but look at me it was at the most expensive place in Vegas!" It's all about saying you gambled for the fun of it and didn't risk missing your car or tuition payment.  That's pretty much what casino royale is.  You won't impress anyone with the exterior.  Or interior.  Or restaurant selection which includes Denny's and a Subway.   But you can't help but love the central location, easy access from the casino to the street, and the $1 strawberry margaritas, which although weak, are positively the best strawberry margaritas I've had anywhere ever and could probably be used to lure anyone into alcoholism.Having said all this, I can't fathom why this place is still running as a tiny cheap ass casino and miniscule three story hotel with a text-based website that hasn't been updated since 2003 when it is smack dab in the center of the strip and they could build some Bellagio-esque palace on it and charge ten times the rates.  Maybe some wacky widow's will or something.  Anyway, go while you still can and have a great time.  Until you have to go back to college.
2	D.U.M.P.Sticky floors and slot areas. The $200 worth of slot credits were for the promotional machines only and they were gross. I felt like I needed to bathe in Purell afterwards. For this kind of sleeze, I would stick with Mermaids or Four Queens on Fremont Street.
5	I love it here! It's a MUST for me to come here when I'm in Vegas.$1 frozen margaritas......you can't go wrong!I use to come here with my friend and gamble. Low limits with the drunk young crowd = good times. High fives all around. Also, Denny's is right next door.
3	I stayed here, and will have to say, I'll likely stay again! Yeah, the rooms are completely barren of any wall hangings. No, there is no internet in the rooms. I even caught a little bug in my bathroom this morning. But you know what, its in the center of the strip, and I got rooms for $70/night on Friday and Saturday - unheard of!The rooms are clearly old, but clean. The beds are comfy enough for drunk/hungover people. They even had a mini fridge and a hair dryer in my room - things I did not expect at this price point. Don't get me wrong, it is ghetto. But for the location and the cash, its totally worth it! I'll be back when I need another vegas fix, and don't want to blow $500 on a room at Ceasar's (that really is the Saturday night rate!!).
4	Man, I feel bad for Miz Tam (below), since her review below would make me stay away if this wasn't one of my favorite casinos.But seriously.  This is ON the strip.  Like, across the street from The Mirage, and caddy corner to the Forum Shops (of Caesar's).  Only a McDonald's and Panda Express separates it from Harrah's.  And only a Sephora's separates it from the Venetian.  What more can you ask for, when you're spending a fraction of the price it would cost to stay at those other places? Er, not to knock another yelper, sorry.I would go in with eyes open -- you're paying for location, and that's about it.  Ooh, and a mini-fridge -- rocking for waters (rip-offs on the strip!) and, say, frappaccinos (which are pricey no matter what).  Our room was clean, our bathroom was very decent (pretty much my threshold for what makes a place stayable), no carpet stains in our room but the hallway looks a little shabby, and there's no lobby to wait in or check in.  But you have to swipe your keycard to get access to the rooms, which I think is pretty nice.  Um, the walls are pretty thin (i'll leave it at that).  But if you're spending time in your hotel room other than to crash, you shouldn't be in Vegas.  Or man, spend the extra cash and go somewhere nice :D  If you rent a car, ask the front desk for directions for their parking lot -- to say it's "tucked away" is a huuuge understatement; basically, aim for the Harrah's garage & just head on over in the direction of Valet Parking for Harrah's, so long as you're not actually driving up to the Harrah's casino.  Uh, yeah, these directions make about as much sense as actually trying to find it -- but just trust me; they don't mark their garage in *any* way at all, but it's worth trying to find it :D**Ahh, it's occurred to me that perhaps the below review was for gambling here.  Okay, yes, again, not the poshest place to gamble :D But MAN, $1 michelobs, buy-one-get-one free coupons for a beer or margarita?  And $10 free if you happen to hit the Wheel of Fortune slot "bonus"?  Low minimums, down to earth gamblers -- AND comps to Outback Steakhouse.  Hubby & I cashed out $50 for Outback this trip, $75 last time, and we've still got $56 remaining.  I wouldn't get my hopes up on the promotional play (I got turned off when I sat down with my $100 last trip, and talked to the elderly couple next to me, who'd been sitting there for 4 hours? and stil had 300 "bucks" left :D  No way!), but sometimes it's fun just to sit there & pretend like you're playing, so you don't lose more money :D
4	This review is only for the casino....Just a great place for the casual gambler on the Strip.  If you're looking for major comps and pampering, head over to Venetian.  If you're looking to spend literally 8 hours sandwiched between people from all over the country, while drinking steadily and watching your money s-l-o-w-l-y disappear, then this is the place.If you know your gambling math, then CR offers the best craps on the Strip.  I don't think they do 100x odds anymore, but if you're spending that much than you wouldn't come in here anyway.  The craps and BJ dealers were very friendly to me.  Drinks were always flowing, no waits.  Even the bar has great drink specials (my wife got tired of watching the dice rolls).I will admit, even though I know the 6:5 BJ payout is a big no-no, this is one of the few places I found that has you hold your cards at BJ.  And I know it has nothing to do with it, but I ALWAYS have better luck this way.  (Ignore my advice, go ahead, I dare you!)Seriously, CR is a tiny cramped casino that is a lot of fun.  Fellow players in there are very down-to-earth, not all stuck up like the big places.  You'll probably meet some awesome people there.  The dealers appreciate the value of a buck and will be friendly.  Make sure you tip well and your drink glass will never be dry.
3	$1.00 bottled beer and margaritas!!  That alone makes me want to stop by this place.  Cocktail service is  fast, but the drinks are tiny.  Better off buying a bottle of beer at the bar.  It can be pretty lively and loud inside.Other than that, it's small, crowded, and the bathrooms not well maintained.  Have never stayed in the rooms, so can't comment on those.  Ate once at the Outback Restaurant on-site, and it was standard OB fare.Always have to stop in Casino Royale at least for a little while.
1	We used to go here all the time for cheap craps.  When I first moved to Vegas (only 3 years ago), it was $1 minimum with 100x odds.  Then it changed to $2 minimum with 50x odds.  When I went tonight, it was a $5 minimum.  Lame.  On top of that, most of the dealers were rude assholes.  My buddy was drunk and was being loud, and they gave him way too much shit for it.  It's Vegas, and we're just having a good time.  He wasn't even being that crazy!  Meh, I won't be bringing people around here anymore.
2	This review is only for the casino, not the hotel.  Plus 2 stars for the cheap slots and tables and coupon for a free 6 inch subway sandwich if you buy a 6 inch subway sandwich.  the $50 in free slot play is a scam:  you  have to play on these designated machines, and they only pay you cash IF you make more than $4,000 on one spin (all 3 blazing 7's or whatever).  and you'll still only get $100.  their other deals also were too confusing or impossible to even care about.
4	This review is for the Casino only since I usually stay at Harrah's next door. I have read mixed reviews on this place but I love it here because it's smaller, frozen margarita's and beers for $1 and I noticed nothing but smiling faces every time I visit. My last visit which was a year ago I stopped by and signed up for a players card and their funbook. When I returned this trip for the start of March Madness they gave me another funbook and a twenty dollar credit that I access at any slot machine. They also keep your remaining comp balance from my last visit. (Harrah's expires after 6 months of not visiting) With the free $20 credit I played some pennie slots on their dime for about 2 hours. During this time of slot play they have what they call "slot happy hours' where you earn points 3x or 2x normal play. I basically earned about $100.00 in comps during that time. When you get comps from Casino Royale they are good for multiple places such as a Ben & Jerry's, Subway, Denny's, Outback Steakhouse and a little fast food pizza place. These places are all located in the casino or right next to the Casino Royale. The comps never expire and I was able to use them for cocktails in the Outback Steakhouse that has a nice little bar upstairs of the Casino. (This Outback is the busiest of all their restaurants worldwide) I ate at Denny's once or twice because pancakes absorb alcohol so well but overall their food was below par for a Denny's but I admired their staff for their patience dealing with so many drunks on a regular basis. In review Great Frozen Margarita's for $1 Comps that multiply fast if you like slots, specially during their slot happy hour, and the fact your comps do not expire. ATM machines that only charge $1 (Harrah's charges $4.99) It's centrally located right in the middle of everything and you can watch the Mirage Volcano show every top of the hour by stepping outside.
2	I would never stay in the hotel and have only gambled there.This is what to expect: nasty craps dealers who would rather be rude and condescending than polite or helpful. I think I saw one employee smile once.Yet, I won. So the joke is on them.
4	Review for Casino only...i didnt even know this place had a hotel..I really cant imagine staying here!  Anyways really this review is not even for the Casino its for the Craps Tables.... $1 craps and good odds!  And if you play at the table by the bar, the drink lady comes around often... I dont want to curse it but we always walk away winners here.  We play for hours here and get free drinks... we will never stay here..but i will stay next door at the Venetian and walk here!
2	Don't let the name fool you.  This place is nothing like what you saw in the recent James Bond reboot.  Hell, it's nothing like what you saw in that weird Woody Allen James Bond movie from the seventies either.If I had to liken it to a movie, I'd probably say the epic Affleck bomb "Gigli", because both the movie and this casino left me feeling extremely claustrophobic.  The slot machines are practically on top of each other, and there isn't much more breathing room by the tables.One plus is that this place is dirt cheap, but I mean... they say DIRT cheap for a reason.
3	Beer in a bottle and margaritas STILL only $1.00 each.  That's reason enough to hang out here for awhile.  Recommended.
3	i'M ONLY RATING IT FOR THE CASINO! i NEVER STAYED HERE.....They have $0.50 ROULETTE TABLES! lol But its sucks because EVERYONE is always crowding the tables because they are so cheap. The slot machines are great..won from them a few times. I like how they have Dennys and Subway there and they are right next door to McDonalds and Panda Express :D (Going to Vegas so many times, you just want to eat regular food) The bathrooms are surprisingly clean. A old casino, but a great casino...and you dont have to drive to downtown LV to expeience that!
4	I love this casino! It's older and not fancy, but so what? It's fun to people-watch, and the games are great! For some reason, I always win there, and so do all of my friends. The waitresses are very friendly and actually provide service, unlike some of the fancier casinos that are cutting back on waitstaff.I won $225 on video poker and the manager literally ran over to congratulate me and paid me an extra $25 for a special that they were running that day. I would have waited forever at the larger, more luxurious casinos. Thanks, Casino Royale! See you next summer!
4	Nestled between the Polazzo and the TI, Casio Royale is a breathe of fresh air when goofing around at the strip.  The drinks are dirt cheap, the slots are loose and cocktail waitresses actually pay attention to you.Wife and I are not huge gamblers, we'll gamble $100 and make it last a very long time.  This place really earned our $100 .  The cocktail waitresses came around so frequently that at one point I was triple fisting Long Island Ice Teas.  The craps tables seemed to be where the fun was.  Lots of people huddled around screaming and shouting.  I was playing a game called Blackjack Switch which I enjoyed quite a bit.  The one grips I had, before 1am most of the games were $5.  Then they jacked the price to $10 tables.  I am not a fan of $10 tables.If you don't have a lot of money and you want to have fun, step into this place for a little while, you won't regret it.
5	DRINKS WERE CHEAP and they have FREE SLOT MACHINES.
4	$1 drinks, low table minimums, and if you sit at a table, prepare to get trashed as they will fill your drink every time it is empty.  $5 minimum blackjack split is one of  the best bets in vegas.  House advantage is only .18%.  Basically if you are smart, your money can last here a very long time.  Did not stay in the hotel, but went there often for cheap drinks and great table games.  All the staff was very friendly, and generally a party atmosphere.  Definitely a destination for the rowdy crowd.  I was in there every day at 9am double fisting $1 drinks!
3	casino royale? has anyone else ever heard of this? i've probably passed by it many, many times and if someone hadn't told me about it, i never would have found this place. this is seriously one of the dinkiest/run-down casino and hotel on the strip [right next to the Venetian].here's the rundown - it is ghetto. the back entrance is under construction so the only way into the casino from there is under some tarped, wood boards resembling a hallway. heck, parking ain't even free. the rooms and hallways aren't meant for tall people. and, to make matters worse, no wi-fi. nooooooo!i'm rating this review as if i would rate a hotel. 3 stars for AVERAGE.however, for an impromptu labor day vegas weekend, this place has got to be one of the BEST deals you can get and still be on the strip! if you book an internet reservation for two nights, it becomes $90/night - whereas other places go well over $200 for this holiday weekend [along with everything else *coughXSfreaking$100covercough*].also, the only part that matters really in a hotel is the part where you can recover from the craziness that is las vegas. they supposedly recently renovated the rooms. it is decent, sleep-able, and did its job.as for the casino - my first bet was $100 on red for roulette, which would determine the outcome of the weekend [entourage style]. it landed on black. i'm not gambling here ever again.
3	My friend, Vinh H., wanted to go to Vegas at the last minute for Labor Day so he booked a room at Casino Royale because all his friends were "raving" about it. I think they were pulling his leg again.First, the pros. Central location, cheap for last minute trips, nice staff and the room wasn't terrible. Had all the basics. An lcd tv, a nice bed, a table and a view of... The Venetian. Actually, of construction for our room.Now, the cons. The entrance to the parking garage resembles a dark alleyway where people get mugged. A pass is needed to park in the there so your car doesn't get towed. It's currently under construction so it feels like you need a hard hat just to get inside. The pool is about the size of one in an apartment complex. I'm actually impressed there weren't used condoms floating in the water. There is NO wifi in the room. That sucked because I had to do work while we were there. Instead, I had to trudge down to the "business" center which was a small room with two computers and a printer. The sign on the wall gives you a wifi password to use, but it doesn't work. You have to unplug the lan cable from the printer and into your laptop.As for the casino, low minimums which was great for me because I'm cheap.
5	This review is about the hotel only. I have nothing bad to say about Casino Royale! I was a little hesitant after reading some reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel and casino is right smack in the middle of the strip and I only paid $79 per night. We checked in quickly with no problem and when we went into our room to pass out after 4 hours of driving, we were happy. It was clean! We got a king-sized bed, a couple tables with a couple chairs, and the best part...  A MINI FRIDGE! I didn't think we would be able to fit too much in there but we were able to fit a good dozen New Castles, a flask of Jack, a humongous bottle of Jager, a bottle of private stock, 2 bottles of soda, 1 bottle of Cranberry juice, and water bottles. Not too shabby huh? You need a parking permit to park here so if you're not staying in the hotel, just park at Venetian or something. Oh yeah, $1 margaritas. You can choose from strawberry or lime. I couldn't really taste much alcohol, but it was tasty indeed.
3	I don't know about staying here, but I can tell you that it is a fun place to play...for a little while.  I enjoy the few remaining "vintage" casinos on the Las Vegas Strip, but sometimes the smoke can be a bit overwhelming.  These old spots definitely don't have the ventilation systems you find at big properties like Bellagio and Venetian.There is a Denny's attached to this property for 24-hour food.  There is also an Outback Steakhouse.  The crowd is usually a younger, more rowdy group.  Lots of fun!!  There are cheap table minimums, lots of people hollering out, and decent cocktail service.  If you aren't playing and you venture up to the bar, drinks are cheap.
5	Wow, how many nights have started or ended at this jewel of the strip? 24 hour $1 Michelob and Michelob lights, Booya! They also have $1 margaritas but I don't think there's much booze in them. Really want to go cheap? Step outside on the side walk and play the promotional slot machines, they spit out coupons for 2 for 1 drinks. Great, now I'm having 50 cent beers! Venture back outside to the sidewalk with your 50 cent investment and watch the freak show amble by. The people watching on the strip is super. If the cheap drinks won't draw you in, the craps tables probably will. They used to offer 100 times odds on $2 tables, probably the best offering in the entire world. Now the limits seem to very quite often. They're usually $5 but sometimes they will lower them to $3. With the $3 bet you'll only get 20 times odds, ha ha, how terrible! Okay so the odds are fabulous but the dealers are usually jerks. They're rude, arrogant, and sometimes even ASK for tips. Really? You've been scowling at me for 15 minutes and you have the nerve to ask for a tip when I'm on a world class losing streak? Not gonna happen! They also happen to be rather stupid and will sometimes overpay you, and cheat you, so pay attention! Ha Ha, I guess the dealers are what make this place so charming. If you like to live it up on the Cheap, the Casino Royale might just be the place for you!
4	If you want to feel like you are staying at Reno instead of Las Vegas, get this hotel. The hotel rooms are dirt cheap here for the location. It is right on the strip. It is right next to the Venetian.The casino portion is scary. All the drunk trash and touristy types frequent the casino floor here. The gambling area is small, like the whole hotel itself.The rooms have a very low ceiling, and are connected by stairs for arthritic elderly and a slow-moving elevator. You get a really decent sized room fridge. I mean, c'mon, if you're staying here, you are for sure going to be pre-drinking, cheap-ass.The room feels isolated from the strip, with little to no view. And if you get lucky, you get a view of the pool. Which no one goes too.They do have $1 Michelobs and small Margaritas.There is an Outback Steakhouse indoors. There's a Denny's. There is also a 24 hour Subway and Ben & Jerry's and a pizza joint.The t-shirts and jackets are cheap. Price and looks.Though I can not really say anything positive about the place, for the price, and the location, you can't argue.Let your "high roller" friends stay at the Venetian or the Wynn and waste their wages. You can save money here.
4	Stayed here three nights recently for the first time and enjoyed it. I had only previously used the casino and earned points thru their rewards program which I highly recommend. When I arrived and checked in I they gave me my fun book and informed me I had $70 worth of food credits at one of their attached restaurants and $50 worth of free play added to my players card. ( I could of just cashed my money out if I wanted ) This hotel is not fancy and if you are a stickler for glitz and glamour quit reading now. On the other hand if you enjoy value and if you're like me you realize you don't really spend that much time in your room. The hallways are very worn looking and the elevators were having issues during my visit but my room was great for what I wanted. It was an average size room that was recently remodeled. It was very clean, had a nice 42 inch flat screen TV, small refrigerator and a little coffee maker and a very comfy bed. Perfect for what I needed. The casino itself is home to a Ben & Jerrys, small pizza place, Subway, Dennys and a Outback Steakhouse. If you play their slots between 7-9 am and 4-7 pm you can earn 3x points to your players cards. They also have 2x hours also. I did this and earned points for food credits like crazy. One nice thing is what ever points you earn to your player card they will never expire. I usually stay at one of the Harrah's properties but their comps expire within 6 months if you dont return in that time frame. Here are some of the other reasons I like this place. ATM only charges $1 if you get cash at one of the Harrah's properties it is $4.99. If you stay at this hotel you have access to a small business center with free high speed internet to check e-mails or print boarding passes, read the online paper etc. Other Hotels charge for this service. This Casino also has $1 Michelob's and $1 small frozen Margarita's which is fun. The slots seemed looser here then other places on the strip and people seemed to really enjoy themselves here. I would not recommend this place to people with physical challenges due to elevator concerns, or to people who are after a high end experience or a place with a nice pool. This place is right in between Harrah's and the Venetian and is in a prime location. I will stay here again for sure because of the great location and value, but their rewards program such as free hotel stays, comps that dont expire will keep me loyal. I strongly suggest you join their players club if your a slot player.
4	You can't polish a turd. But, you can be a turd that offers $1 bottles of beer and margaritas, $3 craps tables, and $4 roulette in the middle of the Strip, which makes for a pretty decent turd.. This place is essentially the college bar of Vegas, loud and rowdy with drunken ranting and old people staring at young people. PS - The best idea we had all trip was to load up on $1 bottles of beer and bring them back to our hotel. It is cheaper than any of the liquor stores and cold as ice. Love it.
4	When I first turned 21 and went to Las Vegas I stayed at the Casino Royale. The first time I went to Las Vegas for New Years Eve I stayed at Casino Royale. Now, years later, I am getting offers for free or discounted rooms from many different hotels and have not stepped foot in Casino Royale in years. My friends decided on a last minute NYE trip this year and I could not find a decent deal anywhere. Everyone was either sold out or charging a ridiculous rate for that night, even the off strip motels. So in desperation I turned where it all began: Casino Royale. I got a decent rate at a hotel that has a great location. It is honestly quicker to walk from Casino Royale to the Venetian than it is to walk from the Venetian parking structure to the Venetian. Same goes with Harrah's. A lot has changed since I last stayed here. They have completed their expansion so no worries about any major constuction, although not everything is open yet in the newly expanded section. The existing Subway and Noble Roman's pizza will be moved back there and a Cinnabon will be opening. I'm not sure if Ben and Jerry's will be moving or not. The expansion did do away with most of their parking lot so you'll have to park in their poorly designed parking structure. All the hotel rooms have been remodeled. Any picture of a room with floral bedding in the pictures section are old. The new rooms have a more modern decor. There are fridges, safes, and coffee makers in each room and a flat panel TV with HBO that is nicer than some of the bigger properties. You won't have a great view, but you will be getting a great value for your money. The only complaints are that there is only heat in the winter and only cool air in the summer. It is an old style A/C system that only lets them choose one or the other in the entire hotel. It was 30 degrees outside so opening the window for 5 minutes got the room cool again whenever it got too hot. The crowd in the casino is very touristy and more of a mix of young and old than say O'Sheas. The blackjack you have to be careful on as there are only a couple of OK, but not great multideck games. The rest or 6:5  single deck or switch. The roulette is cheap and the craps are decent (they have their famous 100x odds). They also have a bunch of carnival games like 3 card poker, crazy 4 poker, Texas Hold'em table game, etc. Low minimums on everything. The casino staff is a mixed bag since the better dealers often get hired at the bigger casinos so small places like this hire some more inexperienced dealers. One of the pit bosses that was there was freaking hilarious though and made us laugh. The hotel staff has always been pretty good.
3	Viva Denny's!!! Er broken ATMs? We had a sad experience at the old Royale. We came for roulette and found there were almost no tables for it and it was sad times. This place is pretty much a tourist trap , but it's centrally located which is nice. Stop by to take some photos, that's about it. You can pick up tickets for shows though! Wooohooo!
4	Vegas and craps kinda go hand in hand, right?  We played at Bill's (RUDE STAFF!), we played at Bally's ($10 tables = expensive) and we played at Casino Royale (YAY!).Casino Royale is a great place to go play craps. You really can't beat the $3 craps table AND the people who worked there were awesome at the table.  Super friendly and really got into it.  I will be back here to.... play craps!
2	I signed up for Yelp just so that I could let people know more about the Casino Royale...Customer Service is not something that the Casino Royale Hotel should be known for.We arrived early Friday morning, and were not able to check in early, despite being told that we would be able to if a room was available.  After our second attempt at getting into a room, they took our number and told us that if one was available before the official time, they would call us.We received no call, and checked in at 1pm.  After being up for over 30 hours, we went to bed, waking up only to venture out for dinner.The next morning we were awakened at 11am by a phone call from housekeeping, informing us that housekeeping would be leaving at 11:30, and if we wanted our rooms clean, they would have to be cleaned within the next 15 minutes.When it came time to check out, we asked for an extra hour late check-out via a personal phone, due to the hotel phone having broken.  We were then informed that Casino Royale "doesn't do late check-outs".Overall, you get what you pay for.  Casino Royale is first and foremost a cheap casino, with the hotel an afterthought.
5	I am only writing this review based on the location of the casino, value you get and craps!!  Craps tables are 3 bucks with some of the best odds in Vegas.  You get Margaritas and drinks for $1!!!!!!    location is right smack dab in the middle of the strip next to all the popular spots.  Mirage, Bellagio, Venetian, Flamingo and on and on.  This is one of the best dive casinos in Vegas.  check it out, especailly if you like craps.
4	Stayed here it was cheap, clean, and on the strip. The room had a fridge, which i stocked with booze. They room did not have an iron, but we called the front desk and they brought us one very quickly. Its the fanciest place, but its a little charming.Also they have a Denny's next door, Subway inside, some sort of hotdog, a pizza joint, and a Ben Jerry's in this place.The reason I really like this place cheap ass drinks.$1 Michelob light/ Michelob Lager/ Margaritas.$2 Vodka Soda Water$3 Bloody Marry, cause sometimes you don't have time to drink and get vitamins.
3	The location is in the middle of the strip and the price on drinks range from $1-3. Games are on the cheap side as well. Rooms went at $99 a night. Do you really need to know more to convince yourself to stay here? Ok about the rooms. Don't expect any sky scraping phenomenal views of the strip. The hotel only accommodates 150 people max. Our view was of the 1st floor parking lot FML. All the rooms have been re-innovated so it has a modern simple touch, nothing fancy. Not sure about the service but they brought a iron+board soon after we called.Bottom line. If you could really care less about where you're sleeping and want to use your money on what matters (gambling, booze, strippers, hookers (jk), food, etc.), then by all means stay here. It's close to everything good on the strip!
3	Truth be told. This place was totally acceptable. Here is why. . .- It was clean- Great price- Great locationWhen we booked this hotel we knew it was nothing fancy and that was fine with us. We were taking a weekend away from the kids and didn't plan on spending much time in our room. But the things that did bother me were. . .- I requested to be on the second floor or higher, didn't happen. Big deal? No, But the 1st floor hall smelled like sewer.- Very low water pressure-Hell of a time finding an iron (Nice clothes don't look so nice wrinkled from suit case, we used the spray bottle trick)-Stair well in parking garage smelled like a dirty bathroom. I think I saw a pile of . . . stuff, complete with TP. TAKE THE ELEVATOR So after reading those things this place sounds HORRIBLE, I know. But, like I said it really is acceptable. Most of these things are avoidable. So I say, If you are kid free, do it, and spend your money on more exciting things ; )Check out Cheepovegas.com. They have neat little maps and pretty down to earth reviews of hotels. The maps will give you a good prospective of what around the hotel.
1	This is a review in regards to the ghetto $50 free play that Casino Royale has been passing out. Normally, a free $50 slot play would be great because you were bound to at least when half of that in cash value. What this resort does is they created a few lines of slot machines that are specifically for the use of these promotional vouchers. You cannot win anything unless you get the jackpot....this means that even if you hit a great combo where you bank $100, you can't get it because it's not the jackpot.Really ghetto place, but I guess that their marketing tactic worked because we walked all the way back here after dinner just to use it. Good thing we came up on Black Jack there and left.
3	Gaming on the cheap.  Get your lessons here, very cheap minimum bets for everything from blackjack to roullette.  Nice spot on the strip.  Just steps away from the Venetian, Treasure Island and Mirage.
1	Food Court review only:That was one nasty hot dog... their food court advertises $1.99 hot dogs. I expected maybe Costco quality hot dogs (considering you can get a pretty decent polish sausage and soda for $1.50), if not better. I was a little sketched out by the price, but figured since it is Vegas, cheap deals are plentiful. I should really listen to that little voice of reason every once and a while... What I got was a really shitty bun (super dry and old). The hot dog itself was ok, but more lukewarm if anything. Even with dousing it in ketchup, I could tell the bun was super dry.This may be harsh and all, but note that I was f-ed up out of my mind at this point. Gambling was sort of a blur (though in the end, I think I came up about even). I was hungry and saw the sign. Normally any food if it's even remotely good (and greasy) tastes amazing at this point of inebriation. Unfortunately, this hot dog didn't.Next time, if I make it here, it's drinking and gambling for me only. I'll eat beforehand.
4	had great luck at their hot craps tables--saved my trip.  i won about $300 while bustin out good cocktails(extremely attentive servers) & left NV $175 ahead.  this place seems old school/non-corporate & i like it.  no frills, but tons of soul. ok foodcourt. across street from mirage.  skanky mensroom, but i can forgive that for good service & lucky tables.  they have a gimmicky BJ game where you can switch yer bad cards for good cards; i believe no other casino offers this.  stiff slurpee machine margaritas.  i dig it & will be back
4	If you are looking for great late night deals.Right here!$1 Beer, or Margarita$1.99 Footlong Hot Dogs.  An Actual Footlong!TRY IT!
4	GOOD: SUPER CHEAP BUY-INS, and of course drinks for the playersBAD: Because it's cheap it's hard to find spots sometimes at tables and the place is kind of cheap looking. And they only have single-decked black jack tables.
4	$1 Michelob or Michelob Lights$1 Maragritas$1.99 HotdogWalking distance from my hotel? PERFECTCheap beers, no frills place. I dont know about the hotel itself, i just know this is the spot for $1 beers near the Venetian!
5	Best damn casino on the strip, cheap alcohol and awesome odds on the craps table, also a single deck blackjack table.  Best dealers in Vegas!
4	This is what you call a freakin hidden gem!!We were drinking at the Harrah's Sports Bar and after spending a ton of money on drinks my goddaughter asked the bartender where the cheapest drinks were  in Vegas. He said to walk up the street and head to the Casino Royale!We were like the Casino what?!?!Cheap ass drinks, cheap ass brews  and one of the most awesomest hot dogs (footlong) you can buy for $1.99!!
5	Went here EVERYDAY on my Vegas trip. $1 margaritas, $1 michelob and michelob lites, $2 tequila shots, $50 free slot play, good comp drinks, $1.99 footlong hotdogs and I won almost $200 dollars on penny slots! Good customer service, quick and friendly bartenders! All I can say is GO, GO, GO!!!! :)
4	Last time I was in Vegas, this was my go to spot because it was right by the Venetian where we were staying. I got 2 Michelobs and 2 margaritas for 4 bucks. You can't beat $4 for 4 drinks. Yeah, the margaritas aren't very strong but between the sweetness of the margaritas and the bit of booze in them and the beers, you can get a nice buzz going for cheap. Plus, the place is pretty laid back and bar staff is pretty friendly. My friend and I parked our 8 drinks down for the 2 of us at the bar and people watched and it was quite entertaining.
3	What a great little whole in the wall! This is a party casino. You will find lots of college aged- just turned-21 and having their first trip to Vegas kids in here....which isn't a bad thing, but if it's not your type of crowd, try to go earlier in the day. The cheap drinks and cheap gambling are great though! :)
4	Hidden Gem.Pros:-middle of the strip: easy access both ways! Very good position means less walking and more drinking.-ample parking: lot was never full...always had a spot on the lower level.-late night food: subway and footlong dog place were open 'til 230am on the weekend. Subway was open all night though. Good grub spot and another yelp review in itself.-room service was good. Beds were good and pillows extra soft.Cons:-room service haha: super stingey with the soap! Only gave TWO the entire time.-towels: only 3 allowed in room. If you have 4 staying in the room, steal it off the cart.-pool: wasnt open! Only open during the summer and its really small. No jacuzzi.Overall, very enjoyable stay...and we.d probably do it again. Hotel rates we're good.
4	THE BEST place to learn to play craps.  It's also our old reliable on roulette success.  The dealers are friendly unlike other casinos where they look either pissed off or grumpy.  They seemed to root for you to win.Don't expect must as far as drink selection, but the waitresses come around frequently to be sure you're fully stocked.It was my goal to pass chips to my friend to hold and I was able to achieve that.  Thanks John!!
5	Blackjack Switch, BITCH!!!!Back in my good ole' 21 year old days, we would come here because it was one of the few casinos on the strip that had Blackjack Switch. Now, the bigger casinos are starting to incorporate it into their lineup because it's that good. (If you haven't learnt to play, LEARN. It's basically Blackjack but with better odds of winning for the player, in my opinion.) At Casino Royale though, you can play BJ Switch (sounds like a kinky swingers thing) with a table minimum of only $5. It's perfect for when you actually want to make your cash last you a few hours. The dealers here are one of a kind. My favorite is Ruta - sweetest girl in the world - who I met a few years back and try to say hi to whenever I'm in Vegas (even though she never remembers me, ouch). The rest are CRAZY. I had a dealer once who kept messing up the payouts and would be like, 'Whoops, I forgot to give you your money. Here it is. Don't say anything, shhh', the hugest dealer no-no!! I had another dealer who talked about her days doing coke in Atlantic City. Just laugh along and hope they bring good luck to the table! If you want to learn how to play a table game, Casino Royale's the place as most of the dealers are helpful and friendly enough.And the strawberry margaritas!!! They're these tiny, but super sweet slushy concoctions that you can get free while playing at the tables. If your tummy doesn't ache after 3 or 4 of them, you'll at least have a small buzz.While you won't find a lot of bachelorette groups playing at Casino Royale, you will see plenty of bachelors. There were a bunch of guys that came and went when my friend and I were playing at a table on this last trip. A few of them were really cute, too, except I was too engaged in the game to notice or care. But for all you ladies on the hunt, Casino Royale's got the hookup! Casino Royale's got that old school Vegas glam that's slowly beeing weeded off the strip. There's nothing wrong with the big names like Encore, but Casino Royale reminds me of the Vegas that used to be family friendly and didn't require a buttload of money. In about 10 years, Bellagio is going to be a has-been and Casino Royale will still be going strong. I'd put my money on it.
3	Although I have never stayed here, I need to review it as a patron.  Always come in for cheaper gambling on the strip and $1 Michelobs.Service is good, drinks are cheap, gambling is ok.  Location is GREAT.  Saw someone eating the $1.99 foot long hot dog.  read him last rights and went on my way.Go in, get a cheap beer or 10 and have a good time.  One of my favorite places in the world, but I have to be honest...it is kind of a dump.
3	This place is a dump, but fun. They have cheap blackjack tables and are generous with the drinks. It's a let -down-your-hair kinda place, a venue where you can laugh out loud. Location is great - between Venitian and Harrahs. Has a Subway and a ice cream place in the lobby if you're hungry.
3	Casino Royale is usually fairly smokey and at least a bit sketchy. That said, I usually drag my friends here at least once per trip to Vegas. They have $1 frozen lime and strawberry margaritas and $1 bottles of cheap Michelob bar ALL THE TIME!!! We came in here one Friday night at around 10 PM and their was a line of about twenty people at the counter for the drinks! Luckily, the line moved quickly though and we even met a fun guy our age. Casino Royale is also a great place to gamble if you don't want to risk losing much. I played some roulette here when I was first learning! :)
4	Didn't even know this place actually had rooms to stay in u until recently, but I love to gamble here! Dollar roulette! Drinks for 2 dollars! I'm sold! And if you're really looking for a bargain, they have a food court with subway and cinnabon in the back, lol.
2	I go to Casino Royale for craps.  $5 minimum with 100x odds.  I don't bet anywhere near 100x odds, but I have seen people put down 100x.  Central location on the Strip is very convenient.  Otherwise, its very dingy and full of chain smokers.
4	If a clean, inexpensive room right on the centre of the strip sounds like long odds, then check out the Casino Royale.  Just four floors tall, this very basic hotel and casino is a gem.  No wait for elevators.  No need to walk a quarter mile to get outdoors  You can leave your room and be at the craps table -- or walking on the strip -- in about 90 seconds.  The rooms are spartan all right.  But they all have hot and cold running water, a shower, a fridge, a bed or two, coffee maker, and a retro TV.  Rates are typically well south of $100 per night.  Did I tell you that there's free parking?  Did I mention that you can lay down a $2 bet on the craps table and back it up with huge odds? Well OK, the Casino Royale is a bit tattered and tired, but that's the charm.  And if you go through a nit-picky check list -- item by item -- you'll probably come up with an A-OK three star rating.  But factor in the value, the location and the convenience and it just begs for that four-star payoff.Some day in the not-too-distant future, the Fine Casino Royale will be imploded and a mega-casino-hotel will rise from the dust.  But until it becomes a Vegas memory, the odds are in favour of my staying at the Casino Royale...next time and every time.
4	I needed some real VEGAS time.....some gambling and nothing else.  They have the most $5 tables on the strip so someone suggested we go there and check it out. The craps table is usually pretty packed and for good reason. I made a lot of money in this place (that i subsequently lost elsewhere). So much money that the first night when I stumbled in there I had to ask the guy the name of the place just to be sure I remembered it correctly. Or it could have been because I was a bit inebriated and still ended up doing well on the craps table. I like vegas. They had some super cheap drinks too. $1 beers and $3 u call its.... awesome place to gamble
4	The hotel:The best thing about this place is "location, location, location"--right in the middle of the Strip. It's nothing fancy, but the rooms are clean and inexpensive. Hey, the less you spend on a place to crash at night, the more you have to spend on the fun stuff Vegas has to offer!The casino:Cheap drinks and cheap buy-ins. I'm not a gambler, but even I saw the merits to this. Way more fun for your buck! And losing a $4 minimum bet on roulette hurts a lot less than a $10 minimum at other casinos!
5	The best casino on the strip! My favorite place to start the party is Casino Royale! Casino Royale seems to have slots loose enough to play on $20 for an hour. Drinks cheap enough to have money left over for their $5 tables. Nice bartenders that actually appreciate tips and don't hang around to wait for them. Where else have you gotten 4 mixed drinks for $18.50 on the strip? They have genrous drink service at the tables too. They have the best places to eat inside  ;-) A subway, Nathan's Hot Dogs, and Cinnabon awaite you there. They also have an Outback Steakhouse upstairs and a cheesy gift shack. They don't don't attract obnoxious high rollers here and I like it that way. But, look out for some drunk hot messes hanging aorund! This place is a must stop to get your drinking in and start the night at a hot craps table!
3	Great spot for cheap drinks and food.We used to stop here all the time for their $1 Beers/Margaritas. Unfortunately, the beer selection has dwindled down to just Michelob Ultra. Not that it was great to begin with. But for $1, you can't really complain. I've also realized that a better $1 Margarita can be had at the bar toward the back of Bill's Gamblin' Hall and Saloon. Still, if you like your sweet frozen drinks, keep this place in mind.I've also recently discovered a cheap and cheerful food option at the back of Casino Royale. There's a place in the "food court" that sells a $1.99 foot-long hot dog. For $1.99, you'd think it would suck, but it's surprisingly good. And huge! It could very well be the cheapest meal you can buy on the strip.
4	My boyfriend's sister and brother in law brought us here when I told them I wanted to drunk on the cheap and play some slots. I'm glad they did, because this place is everything I hoped Vegas would be. Cheesy? Check.Sleazy? Check.Cheap? Check.Lucky? Check (sort of).I won like $60 here playing dollar roulette but then I lost all but $10 of it.Still, I came out ten bucks richer than when I got to Vegas (at least on the gambling). That's pretty good, right?
4	Rooms at the hotel had been remodeled so I thought I'd give this establishment a try. The room was equipped with a mini-fridge and coffee-maker.  I don't drink coffee but I was pretty excited about the mini-fridge.  Yay!  I can finally store my leftover food somewhere!  Our room was of moderate size with a king bed. The bed was pretty comfortable (please take this with a grain of salt because I can sleep on and through ANYTHING).   I thought Casino Royale offered a good value for the price. I believed we paid less than $150 for three nights. I would describe our room quality to be like an upscale Motel 6, and I was pleasantly surprised with the overall look of our room.  The only cons with the room were that the beds were super firm (yet comfortable), our bathroom was small and the walls were paper thin.  I kept on hearing heavy footsteps upstairs and people bustling about outside our room. If you're a light sleeper, then this hotel may not be good for you. I had no problems. Also, the hotels staff were very friendly and accommodating--always a plus. The casino itself is pretty small but totally navigable.   I've walked through it so many times that the dealers were starting to recognize me and know me by name lol.  There is a tiny food court in the back so you can get your munch on with pizza, Subway, $2 hot dogs,  and Cinnabon.  Don't forget to check out the Ben n' Jerry's and Outback Steakhouse in the front of the establishment.  There is also a 24-hour Denny's adjacent to the building.  Huzzah!  I can get my French toast anytime I want! :D This joint caters to low-rollers and the like, so no snooty attitude will be found here.    Yeah, I know this place looks really shady and dingy, but take it from me, I am a girl who loves the five-star resorts and customer service (only when money allows), and this place--while it lacks style and elegance--delivers just enough for any budget-minded traveler to get by.  I would definitely stay here again whenever I am on a budget.   Affordable rooming and gaming = good value.
4	holy shit why hasnt anyone told me about this place?  have i died and gone to reno?after a whole day of completely not winning we stumbled in here broke and defeated.4 dollar roulette, 5 dollar blackjack and booze prices you can really sink your liver into.im stoked i found out about this place because i will be back.only next time more charlie......
5	For ghetto-ass play on the Strip, look no further.1) Best odds on craps in all of Vegas (100x odds???)2) Ample $5 blackjack tables?3) Amazing Race slot machine?4) I always find some way to win money here?Fuck yeah.  A slice of white trash heaven for me on the supposed glitz and glamor of the Strip.
1	Very cheap and stale. No other specials (fitness room or even breakfast) available to guests. Although its near the middle of the strip, it's not my kind of hotel. Very small too. Sleezy I would say.If you don't mind that kind of hotel and don't want to spend much on hotel- this would be the place for you.
3	I've never had the "pleasure" of staying at Casino Royale, so this review is solely for the casino, bars, and food offerings.First and foremost there is nothing Royale about Casino Royale. This is as bare bones as you get for anything on the strip. Even O'Shea's is a step up from this joint.But...Casino Royale can churn out the cheap drinks better than any other place on the strip. They have that convenient service bar on the side of the bar as you pass through, where surprisingly friendly bartenders expedite the $1 frozen margaritas (8 oz.) and Michelob bottles with rarely more than a few minutes wait even with a line.(Keep in Mind it is a CASH bar only though.)Bill's tops the same 8 oz rita with a float, and its a better overall deal, but I'm a bottle beer guy, and prefer the dollar beers at the Royale to the dollar drafts at other places, especially on busy nights if you are walking the strip, no place gets you in and out like Casino Royale.The food court is simple, but good, with cheap hot dogs, ice cream, and other snacks. Although If I'm grabbing something on the go or a quick fast food bite I'm usually going to O'Shea's.The gaming is good and I've yet to run into a surly dealer there, which is great when you are only playing to kill time or goof around. They understand the clientele and play to their preferences. Mostly $5 tables and penny slots.***They do get a bonus though for having the cheapest ATM fee on the strip. (Although I haven't been in quite some time) It used to be .99c but I have heard they raised it to $1.99.Not the best Dive on the strip but for a Grab N Go scenario it beats everything including the 7-11.
4	(((This review concerns only the gaming atmosphere, did not eat or stay here)))Bad News First: Reason it did not get 5 stars? 1. Advertises $3 blackjack to get you in the door; make you feel like an idiot when you ask where the $3 blackjack is (only 4am-Noon) 2. Not enough dealers to provide tables for those who want $5 Blackjack sometimes, because they want you to play other games or move to higher stakes or are understaffed. GOOD NEWS!! 1. Friendly and knowledgeable dealers (which is really great, and not universal) 2. $5 Blackjack (when you can get it) and $4 minimum roulette (on demand). 3. $1 Michelob or consistent drink delivery at table. Last time I went to Vegas, San Remo was our gambling place because of low minimums. It is gone, and this place is a great replacement. Very happy it is there and: "Yay! I'm a fan"
4	Love this place.  Dollar beers and margaritas, cheap gambling, not too crowded.  great gem on the strip
4	As cheesey and old as this place might look- its a really fun place to hang out!  We had a blast here gambling and drinking the night away- its def worth checking out!
4	This was the second time I've stayed at Casino Royale.This place is the ultimate place to stay when you're a college student and at Vegas with a bunch of friends with reasons I won't get into =) - Let's just say splitting the room costs with a bunch of people will leave you smiling as you see how much you have to pay.Two Huge Pluses: Location - Since we've stayed here we have never had to cab to any clubs as it is relatively close to the middle of the strip between Bellagio and Treasure Island (although we have to admit cabbing is almost always for girls since they insist on wearing heels). It is super easy to go out and come back to the room during the day to micro nap or grab extra drinks from the fridge!$1 Margarits and Beers Downstairs - They have $1 Strawberry or Lime margaritas downstairs! If you walk around the casino you can see tons of patrons drinking them from the clear plastic cups. They are delicious by themselves but pour a shot or two into each cup and you got a great way to party all day and night =).As I get older I might have to elevate my company and standards to suites at the Venetian or Aria but if I'm feeling Cheap there's no place I'd rather go than CR.
4	My family and I stayed in a hotel room on the first floor closest to the road for 3 nights. For what you're paying (very very little compared to the other casinos) you're getting plenty. The check-in office is located in the back of the casino which can be confusing to find. The rooms are clean with a TV with only about 20 channels. There is a fridge and a decent shower and bed. There's a business room with 2 computers used for internet access on the first floor, which happened to be beside our room, a nice idea but wi-fi in all rooms would've been more effective. The location is amazing. Towards the end of the madness of the strip but still within walking distance of everything, including the bus and deuce systems to get to downtown Vegas (which is way cooler than the strip). Getting into the parking lot seems easier here than is most of the other hotels beside it.The casino (my parents went to...) was said to be fun and I saw for myself it was very large. There were many workers around to assist. Drinks were also super cheap here and advertised quite a bit. The fast food options in the casino were pricey (19 bucks for 2 Subway subs and chips), but I suppose all of Vegas is like this. The only stand-out annoyance is the ticket dude that works inside the adjoining gift store. He stood outside and got in tourist's faces until he got them to follow him inside, where he humiliated you with in-your-face comments and scams for crappy tickets to shows you'll never hear of. Casino Royale, it would be in your best interest to not let people like him hassle your customers right inside the gift store lobby. Other than this, a really great place to stay in Vegas.
5	If they closed this place down, I think I might have to stop my annual visits to Vegas. Quote me on that.  I WILL STOP VISITING VEGAS IF THEY CLOSE DOWN THE ROYALE.   Let me clarify for the sake of my review, that I have never stayed in the hotel. I usually stay at the Mirage, or the Wynn, but if and when I decide to gamble, I definitely go to The Royale. This is the "dive bar" of casinos on the Strip, and whenever I give out Vegas advice to people, Casino Royale is usually at the top of the list, despite the ever present dive bar stench. It's a heady aroma of stale beer, the sickening sweet odor emanating from the attached Ben and Jerry's, cigarette smoke, and lost dreams. Now that I've probably scared you away from sitting down next to me at the Blackjack table, let me give you 5 reasons to go here if you are in Vegas-1) Let's say you like to gamble, but you carry a low bankroll. $5 Blackjack and $3 Roulette, and friendly dealers. Enough said. 2) You are walking down the Strip, and you want a brew.   $1 Michelob and Michelob Lights (makes me feel like I am back in the '70's). Also, $1 frozen Margaritas, and 75 cent Coor's Light draft (you think if I brought my Stone Balloon mug they'd fill it up for a quarter?). Those Michelob bottles are ice cold too, and for years I have been served by very friendly bartenders. Especially the dude with the stash. That guy hustles like you've never seen. 3) $1.99 foot long hot dog. Perfect for the Vegas munchies especially if you've had 72 of those $1 Michelobs. 4) The ridiculous faux game of skill, that the MC outside is always hawking to pedestrians walking by out front. It's a slot machine that stops each wheel when you press a button. The prizes vary, but you can win coupons for things like, $50 or $100 Free Play on certain slot machines that only pay out if you hit $1000, 2 for 1 Michelobs (so good), and match play coupons for Blackjack, and Roulette. 5) The location. I can't imagine what the real estate is worth even in this economy. It's in between Harrah's and the Venetian, and directly across the street from the Mirage. I don't know who owns it, but I feel like I am supporting the little guy, without having to go downtown or off the Strip. Also, I am sucker for places like this, and have actually had some great luck gambling here. Yeah, its scuzzy, and smells, and gets a bit loud, wait, am I describing my friends or a casino? Whatever, just go and drink one for me.
3	I didn't stay here but walked by this place so many times when walking along the strip mostly for a quick trip to Treasure Island or something.  I just played the $100 free play voucher that the place gives you outside.  Of course I didn't win anything but it killed some time, playing with their money actually.  I did see one really old guy about 3 machines over hit the $1000 off of the free voucher too, so it is true, someone actually wins this.  I had the $1 margaritas here and it was just that, good for $1.  I didn't try the $1.99 foot long hot dogs but maybe that was a good thing. They did not look so hot.I think this is a good small casino to play in, for the length of about 30 minutes or so.  You will probably not loose as much as in the big casinos either.  I was here another time and only put maybe 3 bucks in the the penny slots. With going up and down for a bit, it kept me there on my 3 dollars- well at least long enough to get three PRETTY strong drinks of Rum and Coke and some bourbon.
1	Couple hundred and no returns, not even a small win. Yeah, that was enough for me to forget about it. Called to see if I had any points or offers and the player's club seemed to hang up on me 4 times after having spoken to me (and being rude) and I kept calling back until finally they told me I had NO points...as if I did not use my card. I always use my card! BS. Expectations shattered.
4	My favorite gambling spot on the Strip. It may look shitty on the outside but don't be too quick to judge.$3 craps with 20x odds! Your money goes a long way here. Cocktails are fast and dealers are friendly. Why play anywhere else?
3	What a hidden gem on the strip!..is all I have to stay! We've experienced the "Vegas hotel Spectrum"...... A range of hotels to say the least.  We stayed @ CR the the 1st weekend this past June. Everything was ridiculous priced because it was the 1st weekend of the WSOP. Even IP was pretty pricey, &having been a past patron I knew the price they were offering was wayyyyy over-priced! So with that said, we came along CR, nestled in between Harrah's & Venetian.  I couldn't believe that the rooms PER NIGHT were only $89, especially on a busy weekend! The check-in office is really small, so be careful, if you get to the bar that sells beer for a whopping $1, you went toooo far. They offer a surveillanced parking garage, a plus. There's a private pool where you won't feel self-conscious because there's really no one that uses it. The rooms may be a bit small, low ceilings, small bathrooms... but you get what you pay for! Beds are super comfy, &there is an in house fridge, so we filled it up with alchie to save money. There is a 24hr food court which was awsome to hit up after the club @4am! Subway in particular was 24hrs, for all you health conscious peeps! To sum this review all up, Casino Royale is the place to be if you don't need a 4 star telly @ a crazy price. If your looking for a place to literally sleep &shower, book your next visit here!
3	Ok, never stayed or gambled here.  So don't listen to me on those notes. However, I have stopped in here multiple times for their $2 margaritas.  In my opinion, that is really the main reason to be in this building.  Plus I love "divey" places...Hello, a $2 frozen drink in 100+ degree weather...yes please!!
5	Had to hit this place up again this year! The slots pay out, great drink prices and $1 ATM fee!!!!!!!!!!! Best place to kill some time between meals or if you want to pregame for a really decent price. Plus, the waitresses who give comp drinks come around more often then other casinos
4	i like this place.  probably spent a total of 20 hours here over three days playing bj switch and slots.  most of the dealers seemed pleasant to be dealt by, and the pit bosses didn't seem too bossy.  when i returned the third day the lady handling comp wanted a hug.  and i gave it to her.  this is more of a downscale casino compared to the others but it was fun still.  they have $1 michelob bottles, didn't try the margaritas.  and several bj switch tables.  bj switch is a game you can play for an extended period of time before losing all your $.i miss this place...definitely will go back the next time i'm in vegas.
3	we had no luck on the slots machines :( oh well the huge 1.99 hot dogs, $1 beers, and $2 margaritas made up for it!
5	Five Stars!?!  Yes, five stars.  You must remember that this place doesn't pretend to be anything more than it is.  Places like this are dissapearing on the strip.  I know because I stay at the IP and gamble at O'Shizzles.  Both of these places are about to be assimilated by the Borg Palace.So enjoy this old-school Vegas gem. Low table limits can help you stretch that folding green, as can the fantastically low beer prices.
5	This is for only the casino, not the hotel. So...Casino Royale was by far the most favorite place we gambled in Vegas. After a terrifying kick-off at one of the $15 min blackjack tables in the Palazzo - $150 lost in about 6 1/2 minutes - we decided we better slow down with the table minimums, or we'd be eating at McDonald's the rest of our 3 days. We went to a bunch of other casinos, walked in and out, until, late in the night our first evening, we wandered in, lured by the idea of $1 margaritas.Ummm...heaven. Yes, it's a bit of a dive, but the bf and I are divey kind of peeps anyway. We walked in, I played some slots looser than the hookers on the cards they're passing out outside. Then, we found the BEST GAME EVER... a little gem called Blackjack Switch. So, I'd never heard of this game before, but it's SO much fun. Basically you play two hands, $5 min/each and you can switch your top 2 cards. so, let's say you get dealt a 9/7 and a K/2, two pretty awful hands, you switch the top two and BAM you've got an 11 and a 17. Sure, there are a few different rules to make sure the house still has the advantage, but there's something about having more control over your cards that makes you feel like a blackjack master. I put $100 into the table each time I sat down, and I only left down one time out of the maybe 7 or 8 times I played the whole time we were there. The dealers and pit bosses were HILARIOUS and awesome, and they kept making sure we were using all the perks from our player's club cards. Matter of fact, the second day we were there we racked up enough points to get like $30 worth of free food at the Denny's next door. Sure, it's a Denny's, but it was 5am and it was free. Doesn't get much better than that. We traipsed around a ton of places on the strip and over in Old Vegas, but somehow we ended up at Casino Royale at least once a day while we were there. Honestly, I can't wait to go back in February and get some Switch on again.
4	This casino is not upscale with great decor and fancy people - BUT the blackjack tables and dealers were so much FUN!  I played on a $5 table for hours and almost got drunk.  The drinks were nice, waitress and dealers very friendly and fun.  Not a stuffy place - won't stay at the hotel but I will definitely gamble here. I lost money but had a great time doing it!
5	I almost want to give this place 1 star just so the craps tables won't be so packed when I go back, but I won't.It's simple. If you're a pimp, you play craps. If you ain't 'cause you not then you play one of those other sorry ass grandpa table games, but this is why I'm hot. I'm not going to write about those other noob games because my sack isn't hanging down to my knees yet AKA I'm still young and ballin' like Spaldin'. If you do play those other sorry ass grandpa table games then get yo' ass to the MGM where all of the other old people go to die. I play craps because my boner is strong.Casino Royale has awesome craps because it has low minimums and high odds. If you are not loaded with mommy and daddy money then this is most def ideal place to play some craps if you want to make some money, talk shit to people playing on the dark side (don't pass line), and getting fucked up on White Russians, Jack and Cokes, and brews.I swear, 90% of the time this baller throws the dice (noob.yelp.com), he hooks everyone and their moms up with cash money. God, I love myself.KOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBE! Get $$$!P.S. if you're looking to find slam pieces then def don't come here. Your boner will die within 2 minutes of walking through the front door.P.P.S. watch yourself on  your White Russian consumption. I almost deuced myself after the 4th one last time and had to switch to whiskey. It might've been the milk they were using or maybe it had to do with me making so much God damn money.OH NO YOU DI'INT!......why yes, I did!
4	Stayed here for a weekend and i will be back! Hotel from the outside does not look glamorous or anything, but the rooms make up for it, cheap in price by far and ON the Strip, but trust me, you will not be disappointed. The casino is tiny but good enough, good staff and attitude then other casinos.If you get hungry they have a few choices for a late night snack or a fast pick me up.Drink specials are good too!Try it out for yourself and you be the judge of this Lil Gem.Goodluck !
1	The casino here is scummy with low ceilings. The slots are mostly old or have bad monitors that are blurry. Unlike other places that give you promotional money where you can play games and win as long as you go over the amount they originally gave you, CR makes you use promo money only on promo games. That would be totally fine if they had fun games, because hey, I'm not here to really win big, I'm here to have fun, but seriously? The oldest, lamest slots ever are the only thing we can play? We threw $300 in promo cash in the trash because it wasn't worth our time to stay here.
1	Umm...no...This place is ghetto and not in a ghetto supastar kinda way. We waited in line to sign up for their players card so we could get some free plays while indulged in cocktails. The line was long and we signed up for the card, we received our "fun book" which was printed double sided papers. They should call it fun paper instead of fun book. Totally misleading.Then we headed to "special" slot machines for our free plays. I know this would be totally waste of time, but it was really bad. Those machines were broken and the best part was the cocktail waitress just skipped us. She took another couple's order who sat beside us and I even signaled her that we would like to order cocktails. She literally just passed us.We left and will never come back. There are better casinos in Vegas.
4	This is for the casino, not the hotel.Came here with some friends who had 100 dollars in free slot play for sitting through a time-share presentation. They had to use certain machines and they could only win money if they hit the jackpot. Well after about a half hour or so of free slot play, my friend hit the jackpot which turned out to be 100 bucks! Took them awhile to come pay him, since we first sent for an attendant who checked the machine and who in turn had to get a manager to pay my friend, but who can complain about free money??My wife and I bought some of their 1 dollar drinks while our friends were doing their free slot play. 1 dollar frozen margaritas and 1 dollar michelobs? Good deal. Bartender was pretty cool too even though he was busy as hell. We would come back again for the cheap drinks and their normal slots, which weren't so bad either.
4	Casino review only. I liked this place, probably because it was the only casino where I won money. Dealers were friendly. They have $5 tables, which is nice. There is a subway and a hotdog stand in the back, this place is definitely tacky, but dealers are nicer than higher priced casinos and they have $5 tables!
3	PROTIP 1:  1 dollar MichelobPROTIP 2:  1 dollar margaritasPROTIP 3:  50 (or 100) in free slot playThose are about all thats positive about this place.  Besides that, its pretty run down, but does draw in the loud gambling crowd (especially for craps) during night hours.  Don't hesitate to stop by.
4	The bf and I stumbled upon this place as we were walking down the strip. The lured us in with "Free $50 slot play". This was such a horrible joke. You have to spend all the money until you hit a large jackpot. Lame. Waste of 10 minutes. However, we did love their tables. They have single deck blackjack which was awesome. You can earn points with the players card which can get you food at their food court or upstairs at Outback. $1 margaritas!
3	And here I thought I knew everything on the Strip...I wandered in to get pizza, but alas they only had pepperoni and no cheese pizza, so I went to wander out.  Ended up sitting at some slots for a while.  Didn't really win anything, but didn't lose anything either, which should count as a win.It's laid back place, maybe a little worn but not terrible.  They have tables setup for playing beer pong, if you're into that sort of thing.  I haven't stayed at the hotel, but apparently they recently remodeled the rooms and, from the pictures, they look nice.
3	review just on casino, I've never stayed herewe don't usually spend a lot of time in here but its a great spot to do their free slot play offer and get a couple $1 margaritas and $1 or $2 Michelob's. a couple times my bf has won a little on their craps tables and I've always lost $ @ their slots. serves a purpose for inexpensive fun on the strip. has a few cheap fastfoods inside and a outback steakhouse outside--- i love how this place looks like an oversized doll house and its really pretty @ night
4	We didn't stay here but had fun gambling her. The dealers were a mix of fun and serious. We switched tables a few times. Our favorite was playing $5 minimum black jack switch (really a $10 minimum because you have to play two hands at once). Our favorite slot was wheel of fortune. It's a small casino, a little old Vegas style but on the strip.
4	This is where we stayed the first time my folks brought me to Vegas when I was a teenager, 20 years ago. I returned the other day and I don't think a whole lot has changed, to me this represents a very good thing.I wandered down wanting to check it out since it had been a while. I was looking for some cheap craps tables. I found them. I also found $1 Michelobs, yay. The need for those ceased as I bellied up to the rail. The cocktail waitress was right there offering only draft beers in small glasses, bring it however, just bring it often. She was not frequent as the waitress at Bill's but still good.The dealers were all old school Vegas guys and made the game fun. I would reccomend this place for anyone wanting to play some tables games with low limits.Nothing fancy but all the components were there in a laid back atmosphere.
4	Oh My Gosh, this is my favorite dive casino in the world. Where do i start, the $50 in free slot play (i actually won $100 on the promo thing) or the foot long $2 hot dogs or the guys who got in the fight in the food court while the worlds oldest security guys wobbled over to see what was going on. Good thing the guy had left. We have a bunch of comp $$ there but not totally sure how to get it off, supposed to see a pit boss but never able to get their attention. No biggie. when you do the promo thingie you get 2 fers on michelobs at the bar (leave the bartender and extra buck....please) They have an outback steakhouse upstairs. They have the usual assortment of slot machines however the high limit area is filled with quarter and dollar machines, that makes me a high roller. Table games are pretty good. have had success at blackjack and i have even been served a cocktail at the promo machines. Way to go Casino Royale!
3	And if you don't want to spend $2 a margarita, you can spend $1 here!There is a Ben and Jerry's inside for non-alcoholic fun,  and cheap t-shirts for souvenirs that aren't too bad looking. Good for gifts for those friends who are third tier or lower!
4	I would never stay here, but I play the tables.  Always fun.  The drinks are stiff and they run specials 24 hours a day.  I consider this funland.lol.
3	The casino great place to play low-stakes and get cheap drinks on the strip!  That also means it attracts a younger, rowdier crowd, so keep that in mind.  Overall though, I had a good time playing here one afternoon.
3	LMAO! LMAO! LMAO! I will never forget this experience.We, as most people, were drawn in on the free slot play. We tried to hit up each and every place on the strip, so this tiny casino was no different! We were having too good of a time to listen to the instructions about the free slot play. We sat down at the designated machines and started to play. My boyfriend and I sat on one side and our two friends sat at the other end of the slot area due to limited seating. As we started playing, my boyfriend and I realized you could only win real money if you won a jackpot on the machine. The jackpot was for a good share of cash, however, if you won the jackpot, you only won $100 cash. Some may say, eh, $100 cash works for me, however, we didn't find amusement in winning a jackpot and getting a benz! We quickly used up our slot play and walked over to our friends. Our one friend was ECSTATIC. His machine was up to over 800 credits and he was to say the least, fucking pumped. Since we were not in agreement as to whether you had to win a jackpot to win or not, our friends thought the money was real money, available to cash out, which was sadly not the case.  We called over an employmee  to clarify and were told, nope, not real money but that it was 800 credits to play! The amount of FUCK screams that happened are indescribable. I had a fun time overall, I played a few different wheel of fortunes and got a bunch of spins! Definitely left with +$200.We only stopped in that one time during our week in Vegas, no more then 1 hour is necessary.......Wait, people really stay here? I didn't even know they had rooms.
5	Casino Royale is right next door and steps outside next to the Venetian. Unless you know about it, most people are dragged in for:A) the free slot play promotionB) the cheap show/tour ticket stand out frontC) $1 bottles Michelobs 24/7 and $1.99 foot long hot dogsSo granted, nobody really wants to come into this smoky old school dive bar of a casino unless they know about it. But once you find out about it, you'll be coming back for sure.Like O'Sheas, Casino Royale is a great place to gamble at if you're a newbie and want to learn the games. Dealers are friendly and patient. Super low limits (always $5 blackjack and $4 minimum roulette!!) so honestly, if you play smart and get lucky..$100 will last you a long time here! Old school Vegas, so don't expect any fancy decor!The crowd is also very mixed but again nothing out of the ordinary. It's a very chill vibe. However, sometimes it can get very annoying with drunk kids who don't know how to gamble, and the dealer has to constantly explain the rules and such to them, so be prepared for that! It's cheap as hell to drink here as well! $1 beers and cheap shots. $1.99 foot long hot dogs sober you up so you can do it all over again. Waitresses walk around frequently too, so grabbing a drink while playing isn't a once an hour type deal here.I personally like coming here during the day and just playing cheap roulette while getting wasted with my buddies with the cheap drinks. As opposed to doing $20 minimums per spin at Venetian or the Wynn, Casino Royale is a great place to just to gamble for the sake of having fun and not wanting to blow alot of money.This is a must-stop place for me everytime if I'm staying at this end of the strip, good cheap fun..perfect afternoon fun if you're not doing a dayclub and just want to chill or late night when you're too wasted to make smart decisions when playing!
4	I did not stay at this hotel, but I will give them props for one thing...close access to cheap food and drinks.  This place houses the just okay, extremely skinny, foot long hot dogs.  They also have 2 flavors (lime & strawberry) of $1 frozen margaritas.  I heard the bartender say that they had bottle necks for $1 as well.  Considering that I don't drink, none of the sipping options were for me, but I appreciate having cheap eats from an establishment.  Also a Ben & Jerry's that had 2 for 1 cone coupons flooding the strip, along with a huge assortment of cheap souvenirs shirts, hats and more.
2	For years, this place had been my favorite casino on the strip. $3 crap table during the day; $5 on the weekend. But on my last trip, the dealers were so slow. I will give them some credit because the tables are always over full but, the tables are always full so they should be used to this. I got the sense on my last visit that they were deliberately slowing the game down, which doesn't make much sense to me.
5	I wandered in only to use their ATM ... 2 hrs later I was still at the roulette table. Casino Royale is a must on any trip I ever make to Vegas. Sure it's a small, smokey, seedy casino and the $50 free slot play promotion is laughable at best but I love it! The dealers are super friendly and patient especially if you're a newbie that's  just learning how to play table games. Unlike the more popular upscale casinos the cocktail waitress come around often *especially if you tip them. The table limits are $3-$5 and with a little luck/strategy you can most certainly win here. I did... several times. (:*This shouldn't have to be said but PLEASE tip your dealers & waitresses, most of their pay comes from your tips. If you're down you can't tip what you don't have but I've seen people win hundreds of dollars off one hit and tip the dealer $1 if at all, disgusting.
4	My husband and I are not big time gamblers.  The closest we come to being Whales is when we waddle out of the buffet.  We do love to check out all the gorgeous hotels and the whole Vegas scene but gambling is not our priority. However,  when we do gamble, this is our go-to place.  It's crowded and certainly not fancy.  But it has what we need.  $5 Crap tables, check.  Free drinks sitting at the bar playing video poker for two hours, check.  Happy husband, happy wife. Friendly efficient staff completes the trifecta.  All good.And I really like the outside cutesy look of the place.  It's just fun.
5	I Love this casino.  After gambling in las vegas on 25 plus business and vacation trips,   The people are very cool, and the dealers seem to Love their job.  It's the best kept secret on the strip for $3 craps during the day.  I always have a great time here.
4	A grungy place but worth it if you like the $1 margarita and beer options. You can get either a strawberry or lime margarita which is unique because for cheap margaritas on the LV strip, the typical option is only a lime margarita. The drinks itself werent super strong but were pretty tasty. It is cash only so you can't keep an open bar tab. The Casino itself is pretty smokey and is not really for a young crowd. Its definitely a contrast when compared to the Venetian and although it was grungy, it was a breath of fresh air from the hoity toity feel of the other large casinos. If you're low on cash and want cheap drinks, then this is a good option. Most casinos feature the $1 option as a special but it's standard at Casino Royale. Also, they do have an option to buy cheap huge hog dogs and munchies so if youre into cheap food, and drinks, then head here. We personally didn't stay here so I don't know if the accomodations reflect the general seedy feel of the casino..
4	Casino Royale will always hold a special place in my heart as the place I first learned to play craps. I will also always remember it as the place my boyfriend and friend's husband $$ MADE BANK $$ at the craps tables during our 4th of July weekend in Vegas. Friend's husband: "Let's go back to the land of free money!"PS: Dollar margaritas are yummy.
3	I like this casino, even though its small and the floor drinks are bad lol. I like the $1 beer and the fact that it feels like old school Vegas. Stayed here once, wouldn't stay here again, but the slots pay out ok.
5	We went here to try out the 50$ free slot play. You have to hit a jackpot to collect any money. You can't cash it out. It went pretty fast :-). I gambled there for a little while afterward and had a good time. Cheap beer is a plus.  I love that they have a Subway and a Nathan's hot dogs inside the casino. You won't find 5$ footlongs in Vegas. More like 10$ footlongs :-). However, the six inch sub is about 5-6$ and if you go to Nathan's Hot Dogs you can get 1.99$ foot long hot dog. My husband got a six inch sub and 2 hot dogs for 10$ altogether LOL. I got full off of the 6 inch sub and a bag of chips so I was a cheap date for about 8.50$. At the back where you get the free slot play, you can get buy one get one free Ben and Jerry's coupons. We took the kids over there to get some ice cream cones and that made it a good deal. We just wanted to save a few bucks and we did going to the Casino Royale. Cheap food, cheap beer, and free slot play. Very nice staff too.
3	Ok so this is not the classiest place on the strip. The place is dingy, dark and constantly seams to be under construction. But it is Las Vegas, and it has specials galore. 99 cent Margaritas. One of the last places in Las Vegas if not the last to still give out a "Fun Book". Plus if you are walking by take a FREE SPIN at one of the promotional slot machines. You are guaranteed to win something, so don't be so snobby and give it a whirl.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Downright disgusting! But I love it anyways. The trashy low brow casinos are a dying breed on the strip, so I'm glad Casino Royal is still holding it down. The place is a zoo on Friday and Saturday night, but on Sunday night the table mins drop and the cheap gamblers (like myself) come out to play. The craps table is a money maker and a damn good way to spend an evening. Keep your wits about you on some of those Black Jack tables, they'll say $5 min but it turns out to be some weird form of Black Jack with no tens or some other BS thing, ok you've been warned.
3	A place near and dear to my heart. During my undergrad days, this was always the spot we ended up at during the night.This is a no frills dive casino and makes no apologies for it. There's 1 dollar drink specials, low table limits (3 dollar craps, 4 dollar roulette, 5 dollar blackjack) and a pretty sad food court in the back. There's 1.50 dirty dogs in the back as well, so you can survive cheaply at this casino.With the right group, this place can be an absolute blast, especially if the group is on a budget.
3	Casino only - fun small casino; remodelled recently; food court; inexpensive drinks and tables.
5	$1 margaritas and $.01 slots - good by me.
4	Great place to have fun and save some money. The highlights are 1 dollar beers and margaritas, 50 dollar free slot play, and of course the 2 dollar hot dogs. Here's a quick tip- go for the ghostbusters slot machine!
4	$3 craps tables and $5 blackjack switch tables. $5 Single deck blackjack. Michelob Ultra and margaritas for $1.If you're not trying to gamble with big money and just want to play for fun this is the place. Located right between Harrah's and Venetian's, it feels like Downtown Vegas without traveling far down the strip. Comes along with that smokey, not-well-ventilated feel though.
3	When I was staying in the Mirage, I'd look out my window and watch the marquee screen on the Casino Royale building and decided to try it out because of the $50 promotion offer for new club members advertised on the marquee screen. I decided to give it a try since it was $50 free slot play and I couldn't resist free play even when your down on your luck. The offer was a total bust and I felt cheated but at least I got to experience what old school Vegas was like on the newly transformed strip and I never even bothered walking inside the casino whenever I would walk to Wynn and Mirage. Clientele can be trashy and trendy and the casino feels so alive and the drinks here are dirt cheap compared to the bigger casinos. Food Court was great to have inside the Casino Royale despite most of the restaurants on the strip being overpriced and they even have a Denny's open 24/7.
4	Pretty small casino, and it has its own hotel, thats sandwiched in between Harrahs, and the Venetian on the strip.  Pretty cheap drinks.
3	The Husband and I received a last minute invite to Las Vegas for the New Year's Eve weekend.  The people we went with had booked the room back in September but had 2 people cancel.  After looking up the reviews on yelp we decided we would take a chance.  We usually stay at Planet Hollywood or the Elara but given the NYE prices we figured this was good enough and still on the strip.  Pros:  Clean, economical, good service, Keurig machine, cable tv, mini fridge, entrance/exit near casino entrance, easy to access the free wi-fi, parking in close proximity to hotel (parking pass required for NYE).  Aesthetically the rooms are pretty comparable to most of the nicer Las Vegas hotels.  There is an ice machine on every floor and the 1st floor has a drink and food vending machine.  The soda vending machine accepts ATM/Credit Cards as well as cash. Next door to Harrah's and easy access to Subway, $1.99 Hot Dog, Noble Roman's Pizza, Cinnabon, McDonald's Chipotle, and Panda Express.  Cons:  The double beds are surprisingly small especially for my Husband and I we're use to our King size bed.  Housekeeping leaves after a certain time so if you want you room clean make sure to have it done before they leave, NO MICROWAVE, the elevator closest to the parking structure had a broken button so we were unable to push the 2nd floor button to go to our room.  Some of the outside stair access doors  are exit only and entry is not permissible.  And just like others have stated the trash trucks are SUPER loud if you happen to be a light sleeper like me. Overall, I would stay here again if I needed a cheap place for a holiday weekend or was traveling last minute to sin city.
2	Big meh. After reading numerous  online reviews for "best places to play craps on the strip" all I kept seeing was Casino Royale this Casino Royale that. First stop on the list after check in? Casino Royale. In a word, disappointing. 1 craps table open at 11pm Thursday night. Although the table was jam packed it was a weird atmosphere......no one was excited, no one was smiling everyone was just silently placing bets. After waiting around like 10 minutes with no excitement the hubs and I threw up the deuce. Thanks but no thanks. The one redeeming factor? $1 beers. Grab several and get the hell out of there!!
4	For the price it's a good deal. The room we had was a bit small but it was on my points so can't complain. The staff was great especially Tina I hope I got her name right she was great at check in. If you want a small mid strip location this is the place.
5	Booked this place NYE weekend for under $90. For being right on the strip next to the Venetian, this place is a bargain! The room was really nice and the guest services were very friendly and helpful. We played some of the cheap blackjack tables here too. Definitely staying here again.
4	Yay! I am a fan of the $1 Michelob.  On the Center Las Vegas Strip, The Mirage has the volcano. The Venetian has the canals. And, Casino Royale has the $1 Michelob special.   With the Cosmopolitization of the Strip laying to waste O' Shea's and Bill's Gambling Hall, Casino Royale is the place for inexpensive booze and gambling. There isn't a gimmick to the $1 Michelob special. Every time that I took advantage of the $1 Michelob special, the bartenders acknowledged me and handed me the bottle of Michelob almost as fast as I could open my wallet. Casino Royale is the Golden Gate Hotel of the Strip. Forget about walking the distance of a football field to travel from a restaurant to a slot machine. The bar serving the $1 Michelob is a coin toss from the Strip. It is another coin toss from the bar to Denny's.  Speaking of Denny's, Casino Royale has decent chain restaurant dining. Their restaurant selection includes Denny's, Outback's Steak House, Subway, and Cinnabon.  Casino Royal is not the Bellagio. The table limits are low whereas the noise level is high. Add in factors such as the small size of the place and its location between Harrah's and the Venetian, the view of the Mirage volcano; the result is a crowded casino. I have an instinct that Casino Royal will get more congested when it becomes the place for inexpensive gambling and booze on the Strip.  I never stayed in the hotel part.  In all honesty I have no plans to. However, if I have enough of the $1 Michelobs, you never know.
3	If you're looking to stay in an unexpensive, clean, updated room on the strip, go here. You have immediate access to the strip as you're dead in the center so you can walk here and there, catch a bus, shuttle, trolley, cab, monorail, take your pick. There are limited gambling tables and the dealers are a bit rude (unless you start chatting them up), but the  minimum bets are super low considering location and did I mention access to everything? That's the best part. Now onto my gripes- I was disappointed because:1. Noisy, noisy, noisy. Alright, I get it - I'm in Vegas, but a drunk hoochie (or two, or 23) screaming down the hallway EVERY night deserves a mention, and,2. Outside noise from the strip. Every 20 seconds I heard "Woooooohooooo" or "Yaaaaaaaaaa" or a siren, in addition to hearing everyone pass by as they walked down the hall, and,3. Small beds and uncomfortable pillows.Will I stay here again? Maybe. Great location, great value, but does that outweigh my sanity? Ask me another day....
4	This review is for the Casino and FOOD court only! I have never stayed here so I can't vouch for their rooms (although from the look and feel of the casino itself, the rooms probably aren't that great, lol).I really like this CASINO because 1) I am always getting the SPIN on Wheel of Fortune, 2) My favorite slot machine Lucky Lemmings is here and 3) They have $1.99 foot long hot dogs! LolLocated on the strip, prime real estate right next door to Harrah's, Casino Royale is one of the smaller casinos I've been in. It's dark, loud, and small and crowded, but its super chill, which I love! Tables aren't crazy high but good luck trying to find a seat because it's usually packed. It's packed because there is a Ben and Jerry's next to the entrance way and across from that are a few racks with SALE signs selling Vegas shirts, hoodies, and pants - thus making this super crowded for visitors trying to find a deal on Vegas merchandise. There's also a Denny's around the corner (part of the casino) which creates even more foot traffic, AHHHH!But you can't go wrong with the $1.99 foot long hot dog for soakage! YUM! Oh, and let's not forget the drink specials, $1 Michelob bottles and light bottles! I've never bought one but the signs are everywhere!
1	ROOM... DON'T STAY HERE until the generator outside the rooms is taken away.  Now Best Western Plus, rooms very comfortable yet they need to put in sound proof windows on the Harrah's side.  Casino fun, great comps at OUTBACK.... ....
4	This review is only for the CASINO. I love the low limits at this place. It makes your gambling budget last longer and the dealers are definitely interesting. The people that come here and gamble are half the fun. I met the most interesting and sometimes weird people I'd ever met. I saw drunk people trying to use different chips from different casinos here and some guys who looked like they just turned 21 learning to play craps. This place has downtown Vegas limits but is on the strip. Can't beat that as long as you don't care about your surroundings much.
5	I wasn't expecting the hotel rooms to be all that nice since it is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip and it is older.  However, I was pleasantly surprised to find an updated, clean room.  It came with a fridge, keurig machine, wifi and lcd tv.  The hotel is centrally located on the strip so its easy to get anywhere.  From walking around the other casinos, Casino Royal at the hotel seemed to have the cheapest tables, $3 min for craps and $5 min for blackjack.  Michelob beers are $1 and there are $1.99 footlong hot dogs at the food court!  Parking is free as well.
5	love this places $1.50 drinks $1 beers and loose slots perfect!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Cheap tables, cheap drinks, cheap food ... smells of farts pretty much 24/7. Sure, you can get a footlong hotdog for $1.99 but chances are it's full of random animal colons and eyeballs. I'm all about economical options and traveling on the cheap but I would NEVER consider staying here. Moral of the story? You get what you pay for.
5	A vacation kitty favorite! 5 stars! *Casino review only: If you like craps, this is the place. $3 limit offering 100x odds. Dealers are awesome. Very friendly and entertaining. Some are absolutely hilarious. The bar is awesome. $1 Michelob bottles and frozen margaritas. Bartenders are attentive. Other drinks are of course offered at a reasonable price. Cocktail service is good. Comped beers are draft in cups. Be sure to hit this place in the early am for it's entertainment value. The drunks are passing by on their way home and the hookers do a shift change at the bar ~5:30am. This place is awesome!
3	+ Low limit 3.00 craps.+Cheap beers.-Casino has some unpleasant odors floating around.-A few shady characters floating around. My wife said she felt a little uncomfortable cruising the slots while I played craps.
4	$1 beer.This is a casino that belongs on Filmore with it's smoke filled slots and Subway in the back but hell, they have beer for a dollar. When I go in, I buy four beers and then put a dollar in a penny slot. After ten minutes and drinking two of my four beers the waitress would come around to take my order. Works out well. Before you know it, it's 5:30 and you have to head back to the hotel before your GF wakes up. I'd never stay here though.
4	I played a lot of craps here and had a blast. $3.00 craps tables, the only ones I think on the strip. ALSO atm next to bar only charges $1, seriously!!!!
1	The dealers are rude, the environment is grimey and their offers border on false advertising. Nobody should patronize this establishment.
3	Don't step foot in here if you are snotty or expecting a Wynn type casino.I have never stayed here so I can't review that piece of it but this is one of the stops we make every time I come to Vegas.Dark, smokey, and sketchy - definitely.... but I love some of their older slot machines and I seem to do quite well on their penny machines compared to other casinos.The free slot play and other offers they have are all bogus... they are just to get people in the door.  And I have to wonder with all the pictures up of big $ winners how long they have been collecting those photos to show?The food choices here are definitely a plus if you are doing Vegas on the cheap.The other great part about this location is the 1/2 price ticket place located inside their casino - this place is not a scam and you can save a ton of $ on show tickets and dinner!
5	This is my favorite hole in the wallish place! Best dollar margaritas!
3	If you want to gable for cheap minimums this is THE place to go. I was drawn in here walking by with the $1 michelob/michelob light sign. that is a STEAL! Then you have the $3 craps tables which stay like that ALL NIGHT. Definitely a place if you don't care about ambience and just want to spread your gambling money over multiple hours :)
4	This review is for the HOTEL not the casino. I actually hesitate to write a review because I want to keep this secret for myself. Clean and quiet. I don't know how they do it. 100 metres from the strip and I can sleep like a baby. The pool is clean and BEAUTIFUL (AND quiet). Try for a room on the north side. Met the owner. Nicest guy and genuinely glad I was liking my stay. Front desk staff helpful and really nice even though they have to deal with all the casino crazys. Great great place. An oasis in the insanity that is the Las Vegas strijp.
4	Biggest sh$t hole of a casino I have ever seen, ghetto I mean come on since when did Best Western get into casinos lol.. smells like piss, you might even get hit on by a prostitute or a she-male but in the end it get's 4 stars because it has $1 Michelob beer and Michelob Ultra's.. cheer's to the cheap intoxication when walking the strip and ghetto casinos!
4	This has to be one of the cleanest and most up kept affordable hotel i've stayed in! I don't give it a 5 star because it's not one of the high end hotels, but I give it the best that I could considering it's Best Western!  The beds were comfy, rooms looked so fresh & clean with crown molding! The bathroom was clean and they even had a mini kitchen with a fridge :) I loved it! I would definitely stay here again if I'm on a budget!! :)
4	One of the cheapest hotels on the strip. Not very glamorous but it was centrally located on the strip and had cheap drinks and food. The room was pretty clean and came with free wifi and a fridge. Other hotels on the strip cost twice as much and don't come with wifi or a fridge. Perfect for a low-budget weekend trip.
5	WHAT A HIDDEN GEM. This property is truly a hidden gem in every sense of the word. I am typically a Vegas hotel snob, but for Labor Day weekend my friends and I decided to try something more budget friendly, and I was able to get an amazing rate through Booking.com. First and foremost, not only is this property recently renovated, it is CLEAN, and the staff was extremely friendly.Our room, was a bit small, but for the price, and the location, I couldn't have complained even if I wanted to. The room had a Keurig Coffee Maker and decent bedding. LOCATION: Amazing.  Situated right across from Mirage and right in front of the Venetian, with your room door about 300 yards from the strip (through a security locked door) you can't go wrong. You don't have to go through a maze of a casino or trek an elevator 24 floors. Just a quick walk and you are on the strip. This was especially useful because we typically go to the clubs at Encore and Wynn, which were walking distance from the hotel. Basically, this property, was a steal of a deal, with a great location. And while I always prefer to live lavishly at Aria, I can't complain with a great deal, at an amazing price on a holiday weekend from Booking.com. #fantastic
4	If I could give a best western a 5 I would here! Based on "expectations" though... This is a 5! The front desk woman who checked us in was the best I have ever had at a best western. Tina was her name, she truly cared about us and our experience! Everyone we encountered here was superb. Location is excellent, Right on the strip across from Mirage. Pool is clean. Rooms are clean, updated, and affordable. I would and will definitely stay here again when traveling thru Vegas. I didn't gamble because I am here with my 4 year old daughter but the casino floor was well maintained, plenty of friendly staff around, cheap tables, cheap beers, $1.99 foot long hot dogs, $1 & $2 beers.... I mean what else do ya need? If your looking for hip & sexy, this isn't it go to the Cosmopolitan. If your looking for affordable, great location, clean rooms with great staff. Look no further!
4	Fun gambling with $5 tables.  Dealers are fun & its a great place for the beginner gambler.
1	Never stayed here and never will.  They have cheap tables, I mean $3 craps, really?  But there are only a few tables opened, one for each game.  Slots are limited and dated.  Small smoking and dingy.  Location is great sandwiched between the Venetian and Harrah's, but just not my cup of tea.
4	Just stayed here for three nights, first trip to Vegas. I was happy when I found this place because the prices were great for the location, and there were no resort fees.Let me start off right away with my only complaint. We decided to extend our stay one night, and went to the front desk to do so. The gentleman quoted me a certain amount, and then was having some trouble with the system. He must have been relatively new. The supervisor came over and started to correct him, but not in a professional way...She was kinda rude about it and it would make me upset if I were him. It made for an awkward/uncomfortable situation for the customer. She then told me he gave me the internet rate, which I couldn't get since I was reserving it at the front desk. I would have like to have received the price I was originally quoted. *Hotel/Casino*To get to the front desk you have to walk through the casino a bit, which is pretty small (low ceilings), smokey, and hard to navigate the first couple times. I noticed they have plenty of $5 blackjack, and also $4 roulette. The drink prices looked cheap too. Check in was easy, and the staff is friendly and attentive.*Rooms*My room was on the second floor, which the only downside for this was that there was a bit of noise in the mornings from outside. The rooms don't face the strip, they face the sides of the hotel, and since it's only a four story hotel sandwiched between giant resorts, there isn't much of a view. So my view was the parking lot and parking garage. So most of the noise was cars or drunk people yelling.  The rooms are very modern and clean, comfy beds, fridge, and housekeeping was great.  *Parking*If you don't know what you're looking for, there's a very good chance that you'll miss the parking turn in. Once you pass Harrah's, you'll see Casino Royale and signs for the restaurants (Ouback etc). It's right after the Denny's at the end of this building. And once you find it you have to wait for all the pedestrians to finally notice there's a car halfway in the street and driveway. Otherwise there was plenty of parking. *Location*The location is excellent. Pretty much everything on the strip is within walking distance. Harrah's, Venetian, Palazzo, Bellagio, Caesar's, Wynn. I initially thought I was going to need a cab to get to Aria but the walk is totally manageable, even when tipsy ;)
1	'Why am I here?' was the thought running through my head after walking 3+ casino lengths to get there. Oh ya, 50$ free play I got from the ridiculous time share presentation I attended....should've known that would be a joke. Can only use the voucher on machines that don't pay you any winnings and are straight up slots....was wanting to play on video poker....nope, not an option. Also, was not approached by a waitress at all. I should have known better....definite fail for me.
3	The casino is great for cheap craps ($3 min w/20x odds) and their $50 slot play (promotional machines only). No valet parking and the parking structure smells of trash. Getting into the casino property can be difficult because of all of the people walking, but be aggressive and you'll get in. It's next to Harrrah's so it may be better to park there and walk to Casino Royale.It's not the nicest place on the strip, but for cheap gambling and drinks, it's a good place to go. Be sure to get your players card for the promotional $50 slot play, 2 for 1 Ben & Jerry's, 2-1 Michelob, and 2-1 Blackjack coupons.They also have a Tix4Tonight inside. It's a great place to get discounted show tickets.
5	Stayed here with my family over the weekend the location is great! Everything is near! The rooms are very nice and clean the view was not that great since it's only a 4 floor hotel my loved it I will recommend this hotel the price was perfect not too expensive! Don't listen to the people that say it's noisy and nasty I was very scared of booking a room here because of the reviews I read! I guess my experience was better them the other!
5	Cheapest drinks on the strip. $1.00 Michelob Light all day and $2.50 Bud Lights! Every where else $6.00!
4	Oh Snap!  Casino Royale, I won a good chunk of change off of their Cheap Poker Machines so yes I had a good time.  Their "free slot play" promotion is stupid as you can't really win a Dime off of it.  Great drink deals and they make the drinks they bring you relatively strong as well!  Service wasn't great but it's a seedy casino and it's not supposed to be.  We're here to save money and have a good time gambling and drinking on the cheap, and for that it's perfect!
4	A great place to play and drink cheap. $1Michelobs and very friendly service unless you are trying to short change them but come on people, be nice to the service workers, they work hard. Games don't have bad odds either, had some luck at the slots. Overall a great place on a budget, only downside is the murky atmosphere and the $2 hotdogs aren't good tasting. Ha ha
5	so... I prolly shouldn't be saying this, but I feel obligated to.most people note that this place is okay, but they would never stay here. well, I just stayed here and it was wonderful.it's pretty much like any other nice best western out there. it feels like a hotel, not a resort (like most other casinos on the strip). but if you don't need a soaking tub beside a gilded shower stall, this is your joint. plus it has free in-room wifi and a mini fridge. it's more than I can say for luxor and those are pretty important things for me. especially the wifi. the one negative I should point out is that I think someone got stuck in an elevator during my stay. yikes.mad shoutouts to my girl Tina who gave us exemplary service and was amazingly accommodating. she literally went out of her way to make my stay amazing, and I've never ever in my life had such incredible personal service on the strip. I am nooo high roller. I would have rated this place 4 stars if it wasn't for Tina, but she easily bumped it to 5.skip the resort fee and try this place out.
4	Pros - location, accommodations, cleanliness, staff. Cons - hotel parking due to construction. Parked in Harrah's garage which was far (but free).
5	Left ahead, what more can you ask for? The dealers at the craps table rooted against us but we still made the whole time a blast at craps. $3 craps on a Monday, what else can you want? The place was bumping but that's because we brought the party
5	Thank you Tina! This review is months overdue. I had a great stay here last fall but when I got home I realized I was overcharged for one night. I called and Tina took my number and called me back within hours to credit my account. No muss no fuss.  I plan on coming back soon.
4	Probably the nicest best western I've been in. Kind of a crowded feeling casino floor, but whatever. The table gambling was cheap, the drinks were extremely cost-effective, and the environment seemed lively. Would likely return.
2	This is a value given the surroundings and is the best place to stay for anything happening on the stripe. Keep in mind this Best Western DOES NOT recognize you as business traveler " Diamond" level and DOES NOT do breakfast. The Hotel is clean but not easy to get to with either a shuttle or taxi. Remember this Best Western is like the other Plus location.
5	I would HIGHLY recommend anyone on a budget to book their stay here. It is a GREAT location right on the strip next to the Venitian, Mirage, Treasure Island, Ceasars Palace, the WYNN. The rooms are updated, clean, have a mini fridge, and we even got a view of the strip from our room!Call in advance and get directions to the parking garage-their doing construction so you must go through the back entrance. They gave perfect instructions and we found it no problem. You cant find a better spot for a better price. I am very pleased with my stay here. NO hidden charges either! Free wifi!
1	Old and smoky. The $50 promo play was a waste of time. The only way to win is by hitting the jackpot.
2	They reel you in with their $50 play voucher which ends up being a bust!  The 50 bucks u must play until its gone or you win the mega jackpot which doesn't happen because its $4000.  Do yourself a favor, go somewhere with real vouchers!  This casino is small. They do have a cheap gift shop when you walk in but its small. They also have a Ben and Gerry's ice cream shop. Could have went somewhere else in my limited time.
5	No need to spend twice the money on the bigger hotels - this place is right on the strip between the Venetian and the Ceasar's Palace. Helpful staff and nice rooms for a reasonable price!
3	Parking is hard to find. They are doing some construction. Call for directions.This is right next to Harrah's and it's pretty smoky. Overall the room was clean, like most BWs but the room I got was very small. I guess the price was ok for being on the strip and all but I wouldn't stay here again. The restaurant downstairs is the Outback and it was pretty terrible, the McDonalds next door was dirty and really horrible. I stayed at the Aria the night after and had a much better time. I think next time I'll cough up the money and go to the Cosmo.
2	I used to really like this casino.  The dealers were cool and they had a number of table games that you could choose from.  Plus they have outback which is one of my favorite restaraunts.  Now I don't gamble here anymore because they got rid of all my favorite table games and they went down to 2 craps tables.  And it's ALWAYS full.  Just come here for outback and that's it.  Disappointed!
1	This is specifically about the casino crap table. This was last Saturday evening, the 16th at approximately 930. I had been playing the crap table for 4 days always with same pit crew. Playing that table on Saturday night, what a poor crew. They literally sucked the fun out of the room, table and everyone at it. For example, the crew didn't remind people when the we're not placing proper odds, they demanded gamblers to place bets immediately with no exception or allowances for new players or distracted. They were very rude and clearly disinterested in doing their job. Not helpful at all. I've going to Vegas for over 45 years, this was the worst example of customer service I have ever witnessed. One episode, a young gambler obviously new was trying to get other gamblers pumped up and the pit boss chastised the player several times for minor infractions when he was attempting to energize the table. The pit boss was so arrogant in his attitude toward this player that at least 3 players left the table including me. I did not know the kid, but it was so embarrassing for everyone and I was uncomfortable. I will not be going back to the Royal Casino. Service is dead there.
5	$2 footloose and $1 bottles of beer. Find a better deal on the strip without gambling, I dare you!(supposed to say footlong, but I'm going to leave it because this is funnier)
3	So we decided to hit up Vegas for the tenth year of our college fantasy football draft. As Vegas vets, we like to roam around the strip a bit, so the Casino Royale was a great choice. It is right next to Harrah's and directly across the street from the Mirage, with a fairly central location on the strip. So most casinos are just a few steps away. Also, if you don't feel like walking around or are too hungover to, the tables are pretty cheap as well. It is not a stretch to say that "cheap" is the theme for this hotel and it definitely works. While other casinos have restaurants with fancy names by celebrity chefs, this one has an Outback Steakhouse and a Subway (and a hotdog vendor too). The ATMs only charge a dollar and of course, they have those $1 michelobs, which we made sure to stock up on before departing to greener pastures each night. The hotel is next door to a Chipotle and Panda Express too. You literally have an abundance of cheap options around you, which come in handy with as much money you spend in this town. As far as the hotel goes, the amenities weren't bad either. The ceilings are really low, and on a packed night, with the noise and smoke from the casino floor, you might think that you just stepped into some damned circus funhouse. Upstairs, the rooms and hallways seemed to have been redone recently and were pretty nice. Our room had a fridge and a keurig and the beds were comfortable. So for the price, if you are like us and really just needed a place to sleep (especially if you have friends at other casinos with pool access), Casino Royale is a good stop. Cheap food, cheap beer, and central location make it hard to beat for any Vegas vagabond.
1	Not a fan. Do not go to Casino Royale in Vegas. This is a sham! They will promise you game play and it is impossible to make it happen under their guidelines. Then, they will simply apologize and tell you there is nothing more they can do for you. The best part is you have to run a $20 through their machines first and get or to a zero balance before their $20 will kick in...
1	We stayed here for our 45th anniversary, and having stayed at several other BWs, our expectations were met with disappointment, both in the night shift clerk 12/6/14, and the arrangements for taxi. BW CasinoRoyale has NO shuttle, NO taxi  We were taxied from the LAS airport to the BACK PARKING LOT OF HARRAH'S, AND dropped off, told "there's the door to the Lobby." Upon leaving the hotel, we were told "you must walk through their very dimly-lit BACK parking lot, through Harrah's (next door) also dimly-lit back parking lot, and just pick a taxi. They're all lined up waiting for you." Wow.  We ended up taking a taxi from Harrah's to the airport for our return trip home. The hotel is dark, the casino has little or no air circulation, thus smoke-filled, the lobby is small (understatement), and the card-flicking pimp-like men AND women loitering outside the front door are in your face as you attempt to pass by.  The shower water ran hot/cold/hot/cold, the tub fllled due to (SOMEONE'S)hair stuck in drain, one lamp flickered when light switch was OFF, and our "view" was of the (again?!) back parking lot complete w/garbage dumpsters etc. They've recently(?) remodeled, however we are sure it was only the facade that benefitted. Totally disgusting. Clerk upon check out is no where near welcoming. Acted as though we interrupted her day. wow. WHen we asked how to go about checking out, she relied "Oh we can send you an email receipt if you'd like." My response: "Uh, we'd like to know what the balance will be that your planning on charging us." Hotel Clerk:" Yes we will send you an email receipt." IT WAS ONLY AFTER I PRESSED HER FOR THE AMOUNT THAT SHE TOLD ME. GEEEZE. I'll not go on any further. We have a BW rewards Card, yes, and other BWs are often much better, but this place is a sham. We will never ever stay there again, nor will we encourage ANYone else to do so.
5	It is  a great hotel right in the middle of all the action with the tastiest  1.99 foot long  hot dog
5	Cheap beer is king, we love this place, before going anywhere we always stop and the casino is great!
3	Came here because my friend had a coupon for 50 dollars of slot play. Had to sign up for a card to get the 50 dollars and play only special promo machines. Total rip off!!!! Cause you have to hit the 777 to win anything.  The girl next to us was at it for an hour and a half and had 400 bucks racked up and couldn't cash it out cause she didn't hit the 777. The lady at the front desk gave us a tour of one of the rooms and it looked really good. I would contemplate staying there but avoid the casino portion.
5	Wow! A vodka and cranbery + Dos equis = $5.00 here and $18.50 anywhere else on the strip hmmmmmmmm no brainer. Casino Royale is the shi** won a ton of money playing black jack and saved a ton of money on drinks. Friendly bartenders and servers. Hiddn gem for sure...
5	CHEAPEST drinks on the strip!Had a BLAST the night before NYE!
3	If you want cheap craps tables and beer this is your place.  You can't go wrong with $1 bottles of Michelob and $3 craps tables which are always crowded.  This is probably one of the last inexpensive places to gamble and drink on the strip.The free play thing is ridiculous.  You earn money but it can only be used on a bank of slots.  If you don't have a big win you don't win anything.  It is free and a good way to use up time but don't expect to win anything. Near the exit they always have a shop selling cheap Vegas shirts, jackets, etc.  It is a great place to get a cheap souvenir.   The place has been there for years and always on "closeout".Also, there is a little food court in back for your cheap munchies.  Not a bad place to hit after a few $1 Michelob beers. I have never stayed at the hotel and frankly I don't think I ever will.  The location is great but I fear that the rooms would be nasty....trust me we have stayed in some dive places downtown but I think this place would take the cake.  So, if you in for cheap this the place!
3	My review is based on Casino Royale, not their hotel.I stayed in Harrah's when I was in Vegas, which is right next door. So, I don't know anything about their hotel. Their casino is just okay, kind of small. I only know how to play Blackjack. This place is nice for playing Blackjack. 5$ min. and free bets on doubles or splits, which is very appealing! They don't have the nicest dealers. I should say except an Asian guy (Jay) and old chubby guy, everyone looked like they hate their lives and they hate you. But you shouldn't care about it too much when you are drunk in Vegas and gambling, right!? I will definitely go back when I am in town next time.
