4	I forgot where I was for a moment when I stepped into Andreoli.  How did I end up in a cafe reminscent of the ones I lingered over vino at in Tuscany?  I was surrounded by wooden antique shelves filled with Italian dry pastas, olive oils and mini jam jars.  The long deli case is filled with all kinds of meats, cheeses and homemade pastries.  The menu (available on website) is comprised of panini, antipasti (calamari, pizzas) and salads.  You order at the deli counter and if you're eating in, they bring the food to you and on real plates.  We ordered one thing from each section:- bresaola con ruchetta e parmigiano: thin-sliced air-cured beef on an arugula salad and shaved parmesan  $6.50- panino di tizio: grilled homemade sausage, bell peppers and onions in a toasted baguette  $7.50- le palle del papa: baked breaded rice balls filled with meat sauce, parmesan and peas  $5.00- sfogliatelle: shell-shaped multi-layered pastry filled with homemade ricotta  $2.75The sausage and air-cured beef were delizioso!  The rice ball was the size of a baseball and packed with tasty fillings.  My only complaint was that the arugula salad contained hardly any arugula, but that's not going to stop me from coming back to try the daily pasta specials. Can't handle the hefty airfare and expensive Euro?  This is the next best thing!  Molto bene!
5	Best Pizza in town! Great atmosphere and speciality authentic Italian fare. From the illy coffee to the biscotti. Bellisimo!
5	GREAT! Well worth the drive from central phoenix! Authentic preparation of food delivery and quality -need not miss going to Italy this summer. Green olives are in! Get a loaf of country bread lasts a week! It is large so for 2 we cut in half freeze part and enjoy rest as toast in the am. Well worth the trip.
3	I won't reiterate by describing the atmosphere and menu options as prior reviewers have done an admirable job in listing the tastes and divining over the details of the atmosphere (except no one mentioned the mismatched chairs and tables, which I find charming).  My only intent in reviewing Andreoli is to say that I love the food and atmosphere but have been very disappointed in the prices.  It is just not a good value for the money when you can get comparable quality at other Italian groceries in town for much less money.  When I was charged 1.50 per fig for fresh figs from the case last week I decided I had to write the review (I just picked up a dozen large, fresh figs at Costco for $5.99 this evening).  That kind of overcharging is insulting and will lose this grocer money.
5	Hands down the best Italian place around.  The funny thing is, it is so far from any "typical" restaurant you've ever experienced.  So be prepared to experience something completely different than what you are used to.The food is the most authentic around.  The owner and chef, Giovanni, is humble when he acknowledges that he gets at least 3 marriage proposals a week (which I found out after asking him if he was interested...)  :-)  The prices are fair to a smidgen high- but the man has his father picking herbs off the mountainside in Italy and shipping them stateside.  He makes the cheeses, pastas, and sausages by hand.   And he is almost a snob about using only the freshest and highest quality ingredients- many from Italy.   How freakin' cool is that?!!   You will LOVE it here!   (PS- it is really funny to see how many Italians come in there.  I guess they all know where the good stuff is!)Warmly,Kirin :)
4	Andreoli's Grocer is a little expensive but the ambiance alone is worth paying for. The Italian and European groceries - pastas, grains, baked goods, olive oils, wine- and the Italian conversations you hear while sitting at their antique tables and chairs, makes you feel as if you were in Italy. On the other hand I have mixed reviews on their food. I was disappointed in my cheese and cured meat platter. Their menu claims that their antipasto will "take your breath away." I ordered the il tagliere del maresciallo and it was kinda boring. I expected the dish to be simple but not poorly crafted. I was expecting a variety of firm and soft Italian cheeses and a variety of smoky, spicy, and salty cured meats but got nothing more than a few flavorful meats, a handful of briny olives, and a glob of mild gorgonzola cheese. It would have been really good with one or two more cheeses.I also ordered a panino forza Italia that was really good. The panino, English translation for sandwich, had a wonderful paring of proscuitto, gorgonzola, mascarpone, and arugula that was served between a perfectly golden crusted and soft baguette. I plan on going back to try a couple of other things on their menu. Until then I'm going to give them a three. Ciao!
4	I've often thought that all I really need to sustain in life is bread and salami.  But thats just a pipe dream and if my doctor ever read this he would have a few other things to suggest.But really, its so simple and yet so good.  Which is Andreoli in a nut-shell.  An Italian deli at its finest.  The salami was quality.  The bread, a perfect baguette, was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Add arugula and some roasted peppers and I'll tell you what you got there . . . . you got big yum!Yes, its a bit pricey, but the sandwich did come a side salad of fresh romaine and other assorted lettuces tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette with fresh cracked pepper.  A surprise I very much enjoyed.  And frankly, I know where to get a cheap meal but I will happily pay for quality any and every day.I'm not sure I'll ever be on this side of town again, but if I am, I will keep this place in mind.
4	Wow!  Authentic Old World Italian Food and Atmosphere!  Great Mussels, Soup, Wonderful Bread--and I will be back for pasta!This is a must regular stop--the owners and servers are authenticand oh so friendly and the food is genuinely deeelicious.
5	DeFalcos was the king.Since I found Andreolis my life has changed.  Fresh baked bread, finest cuts of meats, and hand made pastas.  It does not get any better than this.  I had not tasted good balsamic vinegar and olive oil till I had some at Andreolis (granted a good bottle of olive oil will cost you upwards of $50).  I have been to Andreolis a few different times now and each time I go I have to try something new.  Usually when you go to a place there are one or two good things to eat on the menu.  Not so at Andreolis.  As my fellow foodie Pete likes to say "it is a check list not a menu".  I have had sandwiches, salads, bread and meat trays, but the crown jewel is their raviolis.  As an example I ordered their mushroom ravs one day and they were out.  Michael (the owners son) comes out to my table and lets me know but tells me they have taken care of me.  When my plate arrives he lets me know that they made me some pumpkin ravs instead.  My heart drops in my shoes because I hate all things pumpkin.  But, I grin and bare it knowing that everything else I have tried here is top notch.  I take my first bite and a large smile comes over my face.  The ravs were so good I wanted to cry.  Every bite I could taste the hint of truffle oil, the butter that was mixed in, and slight tinge of sage.  The pumpkin filling was so good I wanted to go to my moms house and slap her for making such god awful pumpkin pies growing up and making me think pumpkin was an evil squash.Andreolis is not some fancy upscale establishment, so if you are looking for cultured you are coming to the wrong place.  What Andreolis is though is a great Italian deli that serves great food using fresh imported Italian ingredients.  If you are in Scottsdale stop by and order the ravs.  Your stomach and palette will thank you.
5	Ok, I give up. I had a previous review of Andreoli that I gave 3 stars. They probably didn't care anyway. I gave it a lower rating because of the lack of service.At this point, I just don't care. I've been back to Andreoli for lunch a couple times in the past couple of weeks and the food is just so good it doesn't matter. I also didn't have a repeat of the wait from hell so maybe that's helped change my mind?The first visit back, I went with Giovanni's recommendation (which I'd heard from Eytan over at Phoenix Knife House) of the Mortadella (kind of similar to bologna but so much better) sandwich. Just Mortadella & nothing else. It was killer. Loved it. I've never had a bad sandwich all the times I've been there. Their bread is killer. Always nicely dressed. The salad that comes alongside is wonderful. Can't go wrong. I was with 7 people and they all loved their food.We also did a number of orders of the patatine fritte (fried potatoes & leeks). They're pretty much the best french fries ever. I also ordered some mozzarella in carrozza (fresh mozzarella and bread dipped in batter and sauteed). That was quite nice too. Washed it all down with a Limonatta.My last visit, I had the ridiculous fried potatoes & leeks of course and they were awesome. I did the arrapato sandwich (breaded pork loin with arugula and parmigiano). Stellar again.So I just give in & admit that I'm addicted to the food at Andreoli and am already overdue for my next visit.
5	My wife and had two totally wonderful pasta dishes laced with ground Veal each with its own distinct flavor. An Awesome Wonderful xperience!  Great home-made bread as well.Will be a regular stop for us, Lunch or Dinner.
3	The first visit a few years back was a positive experience as the grilled calamari and squash blossoms were molto bene. loved the charm and concept of this place. Also the service was friendly despite being low on help.   However, the last few visits have left me a little disappointed both with the food and the service.  The housemade sausage and tomato,basil,mozz paninos were sloppily thrown together and lacking both in style and substance.  Also, took home some of the deli stuff and later took a look at the receipt and discovered a big overcharge error that (giving the benefit of the doubt) was probably due to not being focused on the task at hand.  There seems to be a sense that they don't care anymore.Don't know if i'd recommend for dinner as the average entrees seemed to have jumped up in price.  On top of that, weekends can be especially tough to get any service unless your italian language skills are up to par. Still, the desserts have always been pretty good and the espressos are perfecto.
5	Great place to go for lunch. Absolutely the best Italian I've had. Great atmosphere and perfect service. Love this place.
4	Heard about Andreoli's on this site called Yelp.com. Steered me right. Freshest ingredients with a friendly staff. I tried one of their fancy sandwiches and was very impressed. Great bread, fresh mozzarella and plentiful meat on the sandwich. It looks like an Italian deli on the inside with soccer playing on a TV in the background (classic). Real Italians preparing and serving your food. The sandwich comes with a romaine salad with house dressing already on it. The dressing paired well with the salad and made for a perfect sized meal. Will be back next time I'm in town.
2	Gimmee an A...Gimme a T....Gimme a T...Gimme an I...Gimme a T...Gimme a U...Gimme a D....Gimme an E...what does it spell?  ATTITUDE!This review is not for the food, but for the attitude we experienced at Andreoli's.  As visitors to Scottsdale we were looking for a place to pick up talian specialty and deli items and two options, Andreoli's' being one, popped to the top of our list.  Since my hubby is Italian American and grew up in an Italian neighborhood in Brooklyn, he has more than a passing acquaintance with good italian deli's and "attitude".  Loves the former and the latter doesn't phase him a bit.  Usually.  But at Andreoli's he walked out without making a purchase.  Here's why...We were the only customers in the store at about 6pm on a weeknight, so it's not as if they were too busy or we were too impatient.  But we waited for some time before a staff person, who had just been complaining - loudly - to someone else about a rude customer - asked "You know what you want?"  When we said we were new to the store and trying to decide the response was roughly, "When you figure out what you want call me, I'll be in the back."You know that old comic phrase, "This job would be great if it weren't for our damned customers"...well, we wonder if that' might be the slogan at Andreoli's based on this single experience.   That said, it seems as if Andreoli's has a decent selection of deli items (although not as good as  one of their competitors perhaps) and a great selection of imported Italian specialty items, like taralles, capers packed in salt, nougats and so on, and a freezer case full of ravioli with different fillings that looked pretty darned intriguing. So, we wondered, why was the place empty at about 6:00 on a weeknight when one might think people should be coming and going to pick things up to take home or eat in?   Maybe we're not the only ones who decided the attitude wasn't worth it?We left without making a purchase.  But given all the great Yelp reviews, maybe we just hit this on a bad day.  Still, we'd echo Jan S's observation in her review from her experience in December that there is a sense the staff doesn't care.  And in this economy in particular, we want to do business with people who do.
5	Amazing. Amazing. AMMMMAAAZZZINNNNG!!!!! Here is the deal I spent a year abroad in Florence during college. Loved it. Loved the food. I think Florence is to blame for my foodie ways. A few years back my friend who lives in the valley and also lived in Florence found this place. We went . . . and since then it is one of my favorite places to go. AUTHENTIC. Is the only thing you need to know about this place. From the Italian TV on the station - to the staff (speaking Italian across the counter at each other). This place takes me back to Florence. The sandwiches are amazing. And the desserts . . . well they are delicious. To put all this into context this is a place we will drive 45 minutes across town to for lunch.
5	What Andreoli's lacks in pretentiousness, it makes up in excellent food. The reviewer who said "amazing" was spot on. I visit whenever I am in Scottsdale, stopping by for lunch or just a cappuccino and pastry. I also like to pick up a sandwich for my plane ride home; I have worked my way through half of the sandwich menu so far and loved each and every one.The staff are great. They are friendly and helpful and have great recommendations. And there is always a soccer game on the TV.
4	I noticed Andreoli's, and actually went by it many times on my way to and from different businesses in the Fry's center. But for some reason, I had never gone inside.  Since I live nearby, I try to explore all the interesting eating places in immediate vicinity, and one day I decided I was hungry for an Italian sub.  Since I was near Andreoli's I decided to give it a try (plus the Vermont Sandwich Company was closed).  Entering the deli, it was very nice inside - very comfortable looking and small, with a few tables. Since I was looking for a sandwich to go, I looked at the menus on the reader board/white board and ordered.  The sandwich came in a to-go box, with a side of salad. There was no one else in waiting, and it took several minutes for someone to notice me - but that was ok since I had a chance to go over the menu. The person that took my order was very informative and nice.When I received the sandwich, I was initially disappointed, since it seemed small for the price, and as always, I was hungry.  But I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived home, and had a chance to taste it.  It was very good - the bread was perfectly cooked, and the meat and cheese were very complimentary. I have gone back several times and  tried different sandwiches and pastas, and everything I have had is delicious. So if I am really hungry, I will go to other places in the area. But if I am craving authentic Italian food, and am out for a walk, I go to Andreoli's.
4	I have been on the hunt for Amarena Cherries ever since the Pasta Bar started my addiction over a year ago and today I sat down and called all over the valley for 2 hours before in amazement I found them at Andreoli.    After looking at the menu on-line I knew my husband would want to eat there and we hopped on the road for our adventure.  We were barely two steps in the door when sure enough it was decided we would stay for lunch.  The young lady behind the counter, I am thinking the owner's daughter, couldn't have been more helpful.  I had picked out my sandwich on line, but switched to a daily special of rigatoni with ricotta and cherry tomatoes and my husband spotted peppers and sausage on the counter and he was sold.  Our lunch was fabulous and we returned to the dessert counter for a treat to take home.  Sadly only so much fits in the fridge.  My husband wanted to have his parents come up right away as they are huge "real" Italian foodies too.  As tomorrow is Sunday and they are closed we will have to wait a day to return, but we will definitely be back soon.  I also loved the antique tables and items mingled in the store.
4	Very authentic ingredients, great food.  The sandwiches are amazing, very simple ingredients and very tasty.  A tad bit pricey though.I would recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic Italian deli.
5	There is Italian American food all over the valley but this real Italian, as if you had just stepped off the plane. It's not enough that they make a rotini with ricotta dish. They make the ricotta too! The sausage and pepper panini is again with sausage and bread made right at the store. As someone with parents from Italy, I am very fussy when it comes to Italian food. This place exceeds my expectations time and time again. Sure its few bucks more than eating at most places but its worth every penny.
5	Best Italian hands down!!
4	You won't find Franco American here.  Just simple, rustic, and flavorful recipes from the old country.  No heavy sauces, the flavor comes from simple preparation and quality ingredients.
4	Great overall experience. I strolled in tonight, a first timer not really knowing much about the finer points of charcuterie.  I was greeted kindly by the guy behind the deli cooler. I asked him to give me a half a pound of his spiciest salami and a baguette.  I planned on taking this home to make a great sandwich.  While my order was being sliced, I wandered around the store looking at all of the great italian food products. Pastas, olives, breadsticks, pastries, you name it, it was all there. Long story short, I got home about ready to make my sandwich, and tried a slice of the salami. Incredible! There was no way in hell I was going to put this inside two slices of bread and dilute the flavor with mustard, mayo, cheese, etc... Instead, I  sliced up the baguette, grabbed some brie, and made myself a mini smorgasbord. The salami ruled the day. The bread wasn't bad either.  I can't wait to go back for lunch and try some cheese and bresaola or maybe a full sandwich.
2	After reading all the great reviews, and now my curiosity has me... I HAVE TO GO. Read the good and the bad, but I didn't think the bad would effect me, so I drive over with an open mind and a empty stomach. Yes I'm from the East Coast and spent many days of my life in Little Italy, and yes I've even been to Italy a few times too. Meh. I've experienced better.The shelves were sparse for a "Grocer" and limited, the food was fresh but I can do better in my own kitchen for a whole lot cheaper. Andreoli is EXPENSIVE ... I know, I know, it's Scottsdale. The tables were filled with regulars that make this their home, and I had to sit outside to smell their lovely garbage cooking in the hot desert sun. Not appetizing! When placing my order I was treated very coldly and with their great attitude, that I read previous in others reviews, was true.
5	Run, don't walk to Andreoli. Fantastic! On the last visit we had a sausage, pepper and onion sandwich with grilled calamari and a side of fresh anchovies. The sausage was spiced perfectly and cooked to perfection. I'm not sure I'll brush my teeth tonight so that the taste lingers on and on. This is the real deal. We've been back many times with consistently the same result: great! And the owner and waiters are very friendly when it's not busy. Highly recommended.
4	Freshly baked bread. Honey-glazed chocolate croissants. Freshly sliced proscuitto all wrapped up in lovely paper packets. Extra Virgin Olive Oil. If I could live on these four items for the rest of my life, and they were from Andreolis, I would. This restaurant is set up a bit like a high-end deli, where you can order freshly made pastries and breads, cheeses, meats (I've heard rumor that Gianni cures his own salami...ask), olives and stock up on hard to find Italian grocery items. I always stop here when I'm on my way to picnic at the Northern Arizona wineries. However, you can also order full meals brought to a table in a rustic dining room that feels like home. The patatine e porri fritti (fried potatoes and leeks) is one of my favorite things on the menu. Purchase a bottle of white wine or a bottle of bubbly Italian soda, and you're good to go. If you speak Italian, you'll feel right at home. Everyone here does. It also doesn't hurt that there's an urban legend that Chris Bianco worked for Gianni Andreoli a long time ago in a land far, far away. (Babbo Ganzo in Santa Fe.) Enjoy!
5	Great Pizzette which is not exactly pizza. Kind of like a sicilian pie with alot less cheese. Great seasonal specials are created nightly that aren't cheap but about as authentic and tasty as you can imagine. Have had most of the sandwiches which are great as well.
2	Andreoli, you disappoint me. Here's why...After not visiting you for nearly a year, I craved your food. Either you are resting on your laurels or stopped caring or both.With crummy weather that we had today, a friend suggested your restaurant. Well other than the coffee that is consistently excellent, the pasta dish I ordered left everything to be desired...I ate because I was hungry but there was nothing in that dish worth recommending - dried pasta, uninteresting ragu - no sauce whatsoever....blah! So much for driving 20 minutes to come see you, I'll stay home next time thinking of you and make my own meal and not spend $ 13 for a dish that's not even worth two bucks.On top of that, you are too busy talking on the phone instead of taking care of your customers. Not even one person bothered to ask us how our food was.
4	Just found out Andrioli also carries hard-to-find and incredibly tasty Amerena Cherries: $16.99 for a 8 oz. container. P.S. My friend Sammy bought the rest of the stock out the last week in December, so if you're looking for cherries, too, call before you drive over.
2	First and foremost Andreoli's is an overpriced Italian grocery store.  As it is a grocery store, visitors should not expect table cloths or good service,   Many of the unusual items it carries can be found for less at nearby AJs, but not the broad selection of cheeses or salumi.  The homemade hot lunches can be very good, but this is not the place to bring the boss.  Because the food is homemade, it varies in consistency from day to day.  I will say, as one who lived in Italy for many years, the dishes are indeed authentic and worth a try, if not worth the price.  One warning: Don't order the pizza and expect an ordinary pizza.  It's a rustic pizza, made with bread dough.  We did not like it.  Andreoli himself, incidentally, can be quite grumpy to those he does not know.
5	The Best Kept Secret Treasure in Arizona.  Calamari as in Italy, Veal to die for, Pasta fresh and wonderful, Grocery baked bread out of this world.  What an awesome  New Year's Eve!
5	The best Italian food I've ever had in Arizona, and by no small margin. If you want the real thing, come here. Yes, you order at a counter in a place that looks like a deli. Yes, you have to go back up to the register to pay. No, it's not cheap. It just doesn't matter. Eating here is the closest thing I've found to eating in Italy in the US (and yes, I've eaten in Italy). You will not get Americanized food here. This means pasta that's actually al dente, and not swimming in sauce. Portions are not chain-restaurant gigantic. On most days I've been there, at least one table will be full of people speaking Italian. It's almost like you stepped inside a teleporter and came out at a small, local restaurant in northern Italy. Some people who have posted reviews of Andreoli below wouldn't know real Italian food if it hit them in the head. I'm personally happy if they go elsewhere, and I think the people who run Andreoli prefer it that way too.In addition to the food, the deli is also first rate. They have guanciale and lardo, two things I've never seen anywhere else in Arizona. The bread is so good it will make you cry (which I do when they refuse to sell me some to take home. They won't let it go if  they are running low). The house made sausage is so good, I won't buy it anywhere else now.
4	Eating at Andreoli's like eating in a homely kitchen. I just love the freshness, authenticity and the simplicity of the food. Yes it is expensive for a hole-in-the-wall kind of place. But I'd rather have fresh and homely food any day.
4	Interesting......so many of the reviews below talk about attitude. A couple of thoughts on that. First, i have been there several times and they have been nothing but friendly, genuine and sincere. Do they sound a bit rough due to ESL and cultural tone? Sure. If you don't like that type of tone go to the Olive Garden where you won't run into a single true Italian. Second thought is, what did you do to piss them off? I think the tone and attitude in this market is exactly what I expect from a true Italian market. I have been to Italy 6 times and this is genuine Italian. You fellow patrons will likely be speaking Italian.The food is incredible. I am not a big fan of eggplant. my wife asked me to try her eggplant sandwich and it was the best eggplant I have ever had. I will probably order that next time I am in. I had the Porchetta (Pork Sandwich) and the pork was perfectly cooked and the bread is fresh. The Maningota is what we really go here for. Make sure you save room for dessert!THe groceries that they offer are very limited, but they are everything you would need for an authentic Italian meal. They are also ingredients that you would be hard pressed to find anywhere else.
5	Yeah. You know what it is. The feeling of the perfect sandwich. Going in your mouth. That perfect bread. The meat. The cheese. The flavors arouse your palate the same way an adult film does for a 14 year old. Yeah. Just like that. After meeting up with Yelpers last night at the International Supper Club, I was informed that I work very close to Andreoli, so I decided to place a quick to-go order today. Went online, and saw the most catchy name possible....The Bastardo. Ok, it wasn't just the name. It was the olive tapenade, the pecorino, the genova salami and the side salad. It all sounded so perfect. And it was. It was everything as I had described in the second paragraph.Freaking amazing.As soon as I arrived (within 10 minutes), my sandwich was ready. Everything was perfect. I am in food heaven. I am coming back to order my cured meats.Everything is a touch pricier than normal, but service is FAST. and MUCH faster than DeFalco's. I still LOVE DeFalco's....but this is closer to my work....and the speed of service makes me a very, happy man.
5	It was a Monday and there's nothing too great about Mondays. It was lunchtime and it was hot outside. I didn't bring my lunch into work so I had to go somewhere. I sat and pondered about where to go. I started driving and kept driving and it then hit me...I'd been wanting to try Andreoli for years and this Monday lunchtime was going to be the day! Would it be everything I dreamed of? Would I silently thank the owners for making me happy on this hot and miserable Monday? Would it feel like I stepped into Italy in the desert? Would I gorge not one both both halves of my sandwich? Would I leave with chocolate in my hand? The answer to each question above is yes; a thousand times yes! I parked my car and walked through a game of two patrons playing Foosball. It felt very much like Italy and it felt even more like Italy once I stepped through the doors. The grocer is open in the middle with plenty of homey tables and chairs and different types of Italian groceries line the walls. I immediately noticed the tasty dishes in the glass refrigerator at the counter and most importantly, the rows of desserts tempting my taste buds. The menu is lengthy and everything sounded delicious. From pasta to sandwiches, this Italian grocer has it all. Experiencing my typical menu anxiety, I stared anxiously at the menu and finally, asked the man behind the counter what he suggested. He said to go for the # 3 named the sempronio which had prosciutto, mozzarella and pepper sandwich on sourdough. It sounded delicious so I said "sold!" and moved my way to the cash register. Before I could escape though, chocolate caught my eye. Yes, I was coming off of an eating binge in Chicago but I couldn't resist so I asked for a little slice of the chocolate with marzipan in the middle. I lunched alone and I felt just fine doing so here. Everyone is very friendly and everything is very casual, so I sat at my table and waited for my meal to arrive. And now let me tell you about the Italian goodness known as my sandwich. The sourdough bread was soft, crunchy and blissful with every bite. I read in one of the reviews that the prosciutto was so good it was almost a sin to eat it with bread. That is exactly how this prosciutto was. It was salty and moist and very lean. Absolutely delicious with every bite. The peppers complimented it perfectly and I didn't even mind the biteful of garlic clove I discovered. I asked for a to-go box. I did, and I had every intention of wrapping up half of the sandwich and saving it for later. But how could I do so to something so delicious? So, the other half stayed in the to-go box all of five minutes before I consumed the remainder. I was full and satisfied. Here's a very important note: do not ask to change anything on the menu. What they offer is what you get and not only is it delicious as-is and shouldn't be changed, they will also refuse you if you request any substitutes. Hey, it's the Italian way and as a fellow Italian, I can honestly say: that's how we role!I cannot wait to visit again and again. I also can't wait to buy products from their and have an Italian feast of my own at home!
5	Been to this restaurant 6 times. Pretty much all the food is home made. Makes their own bread fantastic. Want a steak best in town, actually likely the best one I have ever had. Pastrys are just terrific. Don't miss this off the beaten track local restaurant!!!
5	FREEEEEKING AWESOME.  I am on a little carbohydrate high....but oh so worth it.  I actually went here on my search for a decent european pastry in the food desolation that is Scottsdale (on the recommendation of a Chowhound reviewer).  I found my pastry (admit I have no idea what I ate was called - a beautiful croissant but filled with a nutmeg custard (WHAT?!?!?!?!?!)  Omg.  I also got some of their little hazlenut cookies for the office and a slice of dark chocolate covered torrone for my hubby and a sandwhich for lunch.  Now I don't even eat meat but there are so many options here and, honestly, the charcuterie looked beautiful.  I got the buffalo mozzarella and tomato on house made foccacia.  A sandwhich so often abused and maligned by imitators - but this took things back to its farmer-to-table roots.  No heavy dressing, aioli or pesto - just amazing super soft foccacia, perfectly ripe cherry tomatoes and the lightest, fluffiest mozzarella I have ever tasted - a few slices of fresh basil and GENIUS!  I can't wait to take my husband here and, as another reviewer suggested, take advantage of their fresh pastas, olives, cheeses and other items for a home cooked italian meal too.LOVE Andreoli!PS I thought the young guy helping me was sweet, if informal - he didn't even make a face at my HUGE order!  Ha ha!!
4	I am the type of person that almost always orders 1 thing from each place I eat lunch, allowing me to mix up the location.I say this because the 'Cosa Nostra' sandwich is why I come here. I don't need to try anything else because I enjoy it that much, every time. It's also got a lot of cool unique Italian fares for take home, and the employees seem really nice...
4	I'd been hearing about Andreoli for quite some time, but it took me until last Thursday to go for my first visit.  That first visit was so good that I returned for dinner tonight (just a few days later).On that first visit, I was with three other people and we shared a large mixed salad, oilves, and two different kinds of focaccia.  I had the minestrone soup for dinner that night and then we all shared several desserts.  My favorite was a merengue dessert with frosting - delicious!Tonight's visit was just as good.  My husband once again had homemade pasta with veal meat sauce (their version of Bolognese).  I shared the fettucine with lobster in a light red tomato sauce with my mom.  My brother and dad both ordered the pork sandwich, and we again started the meal by sharing a large mixed green salad, fresh bread, and an antipasti platter.  Once again, we couldn't end our meal without something sweet, so my dad chose a nutty nuget for us to share.While it's a casual atmosphere / grocer, and you place your order at the front counter, the service is attentive and the food is as authentic as I've found in the Valley.  We will for sure be back with the bambino in the future... Bellisimo!
4	Excellent selection of meats and cheeses. I love the antipasto.
5	I always have to hit Andreoli when I'm in town. It's like escaping to Italy for a couple hours. Seriously, most times I've been there I am the only person who speaks English natively. The menu consists mainly of sandwiches, salads and starters, then there's a specials board that changes daily, including entrees and pastas. This last visit, we stopped in on Pizza Night, which is every Friday and pretty delicious. We were seated in front of the outdoor pizza oven, which proved to be the best dinner theatre ever! Giovanni, the owner, was fired up hotter than the oven itself. Yelling at the staff and his daughter in Italian, which I fortunately speak, so I was able to understand everything they said. They were screaming about running out of pizza, which happens every Friday. Lucky us: we got one of the last pies. Mushroom and sausage. It was up to par with all the rest of their outstanding fare. We also enjoyed a pasta bolognese, which is a regular item on the special board. Andreoli puts out the best bolognese in the city. Hands down. Other items I suggest:1. The steak sandwich, kinda like an Italian Cheese Steak. Unreal. Steak. Fontina. Need I say more?2. Anything made with their housemade sausage. 3. The speck sandwich. Not too heavy, great flavors from the smokey pork, blue cheese and arugula. 4. If you have a big group, have them make you an impressive antipasto plate. Yum. 5. Artichokes6. Tiramisu. OMG. Save room.Also, I'd suggest bringing your own wine. Corkage is pretty cheap and their selection is just OK. The cheapest bottle you can get is $30 and is really lackluster. Oh, and never ask for any substitutions. They will not accomodate, but the food is amazing and should be enjoyed as they make it.
1	Ok this is hard for me beause the food is 6 stars.  I take my friends, family, clients here and everybody raves about it ..... but.  The smart ass kids at the counter have got to go.  I don't know their names but  one in particular should retire and become a lawyer because when you ask if you can have your sandwich on Italian (roll) instead of focaccia he says "Focaccia is Italian" and then looks at you smugly.  I took the high road and neglected to point out to him that a baguette he offered was French.  He should  pay less attention to geography and work on his note taking skills because after all that, the sandwich still came on a focaccia.So I hope the owner hears this, your front line of sales at the counter makes me want to go somewhere else.  Your six star food, averaged with your zero star staff puts you at a 3.  And yes Guiseppe, I want to drink diet coke and I don't need a lecture on how it has "echemica that is a bad for your brain". If you feel so strongly about it, then don't sell it !  I'm sure your meats contribute to heart disease but you're not grimacing when I order a porchetta sandwich (which is unbelievably good by the way)So Andreloi, please get someone up front with a smile and who, at a minimum, has read a pamphlet on the basics of customer service.Hate having to write this one.
5	I had my first exposure to Andreoli's today and it was a great experience.The food was definitely above average, but the ambience and vibe of the place made it a five star experience. Andreoli's has a nice selection of meats, desserts and other tasty looking treats for sale in their store and a variety filled menu full of Italian dishes.Although they have a large variety of sandwiches, salads, and antipasto dishes, I was in the mood for pasta. I ordered penne pasta with sausage and peas. I've never had peas as part of a pasta dish, but the addition was a pleasant surprise. The sausage based sauce was tasty and had no shortage of meat. I'm not sure if the pasta was homemade, but it had a very high quality taste to it.Above average food, friendly service, and a great ambience gives Andreoli's a well deserved five stars.
1	Not a fan. Today Vermont Sandwich Company was packed, so my girlfriend and I thought we would walk over and give this place a try. Big BIG Mistake. Now I've been to Italy, hell ...I grew up in Nice, France. Not 'old world' enough for me, I ordered the Maresciallo Italian antipasto with their meats & cheese which took forever to get and charged me over $10 (big rip off) and my friend ordered a Bastard baguette (dis-appointing). This place is too over-priced in their offerings.The main reason for this yelp is the rudeness of the staff here, the woman behind the counter had a chip on her shoulder and treated not only us but others in line with arrogance. Also the old man, possibly the owner had the same air about him.Granted there were many off duty scottsdale police hanging around, but the whole scenario reminded me of a mafia 'front', just like back home. I guess this is a hit or miss from reading all the reviews, maybe its just from others low standards?
4	I can't believe I have not reviewed Andreoli's before.  I have been having their sandwiches and Chocolate croissants since the twins were born.  Andreoli is so close to the Scottsdale Shea Hospital.  When I delivered the twins I had to stay there for I think 4 or 5 days.  I sent my hubby everyday for chocolate croissants and sandwiches.  Hospital food is yuck compared to it.  I went back again today, I needed some comfort food after the stress of my little girls surgery, hey I need an excuse for the carb overload. I ordered the Porchetta and the Forza Italia, plus of course a couple of chocolate croissants, 1/3 of a pound of salami and some Zuppa inglese for an additional dessert.The food here is amazing, yes, the customer service is not the best.  They remind me of my Zio Aldo.  Always with his smug smile and always telling everyone around how "stupido" they are.  I miss him.  You need to think like George Costanza, not make any sudden moves or comments for fear you will get "No croissant for you, one year!"
4	The moment you walk in the door and hear Italian on the TV and those behind the counter speaking the same you get the feeling your food is going to taste as authentic as the people who prepare it- and it does.  We tried several items the pasta was great and the Big Beef Sandwich with sauteed onions also good.  The people who work here are very friendly and the service was fantastic.  They played with our girls who loved their bread and pasta and often giggled when the waiter joked with them.  We tried two deserts (dont know what they were) but they were also great.  We will be back soon.
4	Holy cow the food here is amazing!  We had mozarella with tomatoes, antipasta, penne with veal sauce gnocci, and a sandwich and it was all unbelievable (as it always is).  However, the experience wouldn't be complete without the waitstaff, Francesca and Mike.  Francesca is an outgoing girl that isn't afraid to add to your conversation, and that only adds to the laid-back, family atmosphere of this place.  Mike is a friendly guy, and he's always up for a good time in the right environment.  Ha.I would highly recommend everyone giving this place a shot.  It is a bit expensive, but  it's worth it!
5	Don't let the word "grocer" in the name or the sandwich/salad-based menu available online fool you. This isn't just a deli or a grocery.  With the 7 or 8 daily specials on pasta, beef, and seafood, this is quietly one of the best Italian restaurants in town. Not to take away from the sandwiches, salads, or other antipasto, all of which are excellent and priced under $10. But the white board specials menu is where it's at. The specials range from risotto with shrimp, mussels, and sea bass, to homemade meatballs, to veal ravioli, to tuscan-style steaks. Specials range from $10 to $30. Wine available for sale on site, with a corkage fee for wine. You wouldn't expect it at this counter service-only spot with a sandwich-heavy menu and just a few tables, but this is a unique, fantastic, and authentic spot (particularly when the owner/chef and his friends are sitting nearby loudly speaking Italian with soccer on the TV!).
4	This place has the best Italian food around.  Their pizza is just delighful and perfect.  The pasta with meat and peas sounded gross to me at first until I tried it one and now I am hooked!  The only reason I give it 4 stars because the service can sometimes be a little off and it is a bit expensive.  Other than that I enjoy this place immensely.
2	If you are not one of their paisans (part of the Italian family or go there every week) they treat you like crap.  Food was good but would not go back. We waited 15 minutes for a seat and when the owner finally got up from taking up a table of 4 to sign papers for a car he was buying....... they tried to give the table to one of their good customers.  We bought a bottle of wine and finished it at the restaurant and was charged $5 for a corking fee.  please explain that ......................The owner and I'm guessing  his daughter who was behind the counter was real rude........... When we left I commented on a dish that someone was eating (it looked real good) the patron said you can get one to if you come here often........WOW -I guess I don't look Italian
3	I've been here a couple of times for lunch. The food is good, a little pricy but decent. I do have to say that when I ordered a couple desserts to take home, an older man bagged it and THREW it at the cash register. HELLO??? I'm going to spend almost 10 bucks on some goodies and you're going to throw it? WOW.I do have to agree with other Yelpers, they really need to work on customer service and be nice to those who take time out of their day to eat at their restaurant........remember if it's good, you tell a friend, if it's bad, you tell the world.
5	One of the BEST chocolate croissants I have ever tasted!  I visited this morning in search of a snack and the owner said I had to taste one of his freshly baked croissants...OMG, he wasn't kidding how good they were!  Nice selection of sandwiches, meats and cheeses too!
1	Went there first thing thing this morning. Ordered 2 simple sandwiches. Took over 35 minutes to make. 6 workers lounging around. Completely ignored. Totally disgusted with their service. Overpriced. Food okay and felt worthless when I left
4	Bravo!  The wood-fired Pizza oven is an awesome addition as well as the extra patio seating. As always pastas are cooked al dente perfectly. and the cozy familia atmosphere makes this place one of my favorite neighborhood spots. Grazie  grazie
5	I have recently found Italian BLISS and have since given birth to an Italian "food baby" and proudly so. I grew up in "Little Italy" in Toronto (boasting the largest Italian population outside Italy!!)....so let's talk salami: I was like a little kid in a candy store steaming up the charcuterie counter window....prosciutto, parma, sausages, bresaola....and so many delicacies that I can only pronounce after some Italian wine! Upon entering, the English language dissappeared and I was soon transported to Italy - the language, the cuisine and LIVE music!! ....Bellissima!!I successfully made it to dessert and found happiness in sfogliatelle and soon learned the art behind every layer of phyllo. It was worth every little bit.
5	Andreoli is an incredible find. If your looking for "true" Italian cooking this is the place for you. Some items are a little pricey, but you must realize everything is made with the best ingredients in the highest quality. House made pasta, bread, the best deli meat and cheeses  and baked goods. My favorite is the Caio sandwich , every simple but packed with so much flavor. Next time I will step out of my comfort and order a pasta dish.
5	While there are groceries sold here, the real emphasis is on their italian deli and the other foods they serve. The food they serve, sandwiches, salads and entrees, are fantastic. The pastries, including sfogiatelle and chocolate croissants, are fresh and scrumptious. The place is soccer central. The television is always on ESPN Deportes. The spaghetti a la vongele ($25.00) is absolutely the best I've had in Phoenix. Almost makes me think I'm near an ocean. My companion loved the veal chop ($34.00). Both entrees came with a salad. There are a number of genuine italian beverages, including orangina and birra Moretti.On previous visits I enjoyed a number of their sandwiches. They come with an arugala salad and there isn't a clunker on the menu. The forza, the cafone and the abuffino are my favorites. Sandwich prices range between $8.25 to $8.95; not cheap by any stretch. However, like a wise old man once said, "Good oats command a good price. But, if you're willing to settle for oats that have been run through the horse once..." (LOL!!)Some reviewers have had less than desirable service. I can only say that the service given to me and whoever was with me was top notch. The young fellow behind the register and the young lady who brought our food were courteous, generous with their time and kind to those friends of mine who were not familiar with italian food. Count on spending at least $15-$17 per person. That said, it's well worth it.
5	Full review blogged:Crostini di Fegatini alla Fiorentina:  $5. Nothing complicated here, just rough ground chicken liver pate over homemade toasted bread with a bit of parsley.  Served chilled and ample in portion, no complaints.Maialino:  $18.  The most limited item on the menu this spit-roast baby piglet was gone by the time we left and although the skin could have been crispier the flavors were spot on - the pork supple and rife with notes of garlic, rosemary, coriander, and pepper while the skin was slightly sweet and plenty smoky.Panino con Porchetta: $8.95. Much like the Maialino this could have used a bit more crackle on the surface but all things being equal it would be pretty hard to complain about crusty Italian bread wrapped around warm pork roast with plenty of black pepper, fennel and light citrus notes.Baccala` in Umido con Polenta: $18. One of my primary reasons for wanting to visit Andreoli in the first place was this dish and thankfully it did not disappoint one bit.  Big in portion, huge in flavor, and in my opinion the most well executed dish of the afternoon I figured going into it that the cod would be excellent and as good as it was, the biggest shocker of the dish was perfect execution of the polenta - toothsome, dense, and a veritable sponge for both the tomatoes and the briny fish.Caponata Sicula: $5. Simple, savory, and perhaps the deal of the day this plate of tender eggplant, briny capers, pine nuts, tomatoes, balsamic, and olive oil with hints of basil and onion was plenty to share and would have only been better with some warm bread for dipping.Trippa alla Toscanaccia: $14. With almost half of our table having never eaten tripe and another not really a fan of the dish I figured I'd be doing most of the legwork on this dish and although everyone took a taste my suspicions fortuitously proved correct - an acquired taste for sure, this was really good.  Thin like soup and plenty fatty despite being loaded with meat with notes of onion, tomato, and vinegar at the fore while mint and garlic came through on the palate this was another place that some extra bread would have been welcomed as far too much broth remained at the end.Mille Feuille: $7. While I contest this should have been referred to as a Napoleon I guess it really doesn't matter because regardless of nationality what we received was flaky pastry wrapped around lightly sweetened pastry cream.  Clearly not as transcendent as some of the a la minute options being turned out elsewhere as this one had been stored in the chiller all day I have to say I was largely impressed by the separation of the layers and lack of sogginess.Rhum Baba: $2 each.  Also straight from the chilled case these traditional baba were everything one could hope from the classic dish - a buttery ball of pastry drown in rum; a sledgehammer of flavor up front with a buttery sweet finish; at one bite each I'm pretty sure I'd have been tipsy with a half dozen.Struffoli: $4.  Another very traditional selection you don't really see all that often at Italian markets or bakeries these marble sized pastry balls were crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, and absolutely dredged in honey.  A stark textural juxtaposition to the baba which was soft throughout I personally enjoyed these a lot, though having sat for a while the honey had begun to harden which made them a bit difficult to extract from the small dish.Cornetti: $2.50.  Golden crisp on the outside, buttery caverns within, and fortunately a brand new batch when I ran back in to make my purchase this warm nutella croissant was the highlight of the sweets for me - a strong contender for best croissant in town that remained fluffy despite the chocolate-hazenut filling while the exterior shattered to the tooth.Sfogliatelle: $3.  Lightly citrus thanks to the use of candied lemon peel, even crispier than the cornetti on the outside, and a pillow of ricotta smoothness within - if you go to Andreoli and don't order one of these you're missing out...as a matter of fact, I'd go so far as to suggest that this item alone is worth a visit to Andreoli as it was every bit as good as any I've ever tasted on either coast (admittedly having not yet been to Italy.) Schiacciata uva: $4.  I'd never tried this prior to Andreoli's and, as a matter of fact, I'd never even seen it.  Quite simply a focaccia base with fresh grapes placed at the center prior to baking thus allowing the juices to infuse the dough as it cooked this was sweet, light, and full of flavor - the sort of dish that would be easy to whip up for a party and equally easy to dress up in any number of variations.The Verdict:  Fresh, rustic, and very authentic this one definitely goes on the 'under the radar' list and while I'm unable to speak to Andreoli's quality during normal business hours I can only say that based on what I experienced at the Christmas festival I'm eager to return.
2	They have good baked baguettes and the price was $1.50 last month, however raising the price to $2 per roll during the holiday's is ridiculous.  The female cashier was short and unprofessional.  While i was waiting for the rolls, she was rude to the next three customers spending money.  They need to work on their customer service and I vowed never to go back.
5	This is some of the best Italian food you'll eat anywhere in the United States.  It is simple and casual but their pomodoro and arrabbiata sauces are as good as anything you get in Italy.  Giovanni, the owner, is opinionated and does not want his guests to eat inappropriate combinations of food.  But, he is a master and knows what he is talking about.  Try everything from the mozzarella, to the prosciutto, artichokes, eggplant parmigian to the various pastas.  It's all excellent.We love the people who work here.  Yes, it's true that they are not syrupy sweet and can rub people the wrong way but they are good people and they are the best in Arizona at what they do.  We go at least once a week.
4	Friend at work dragged me along to this place at lunch. I worked next to Andreoli for a long time and had no idea there was an Italian Grocer so close. First impression on the inside was it's a beautifully appropriate Italian interior. The design gave it the feel of what an actual grocer in Italy would be like. Kind of claustrophobic on the inside but I got over it quickly. Next time, I'd eat outside as the weather was perfect. I placed an order for the Sempronio sandwich. Sat down and took in the atmosphere.It seemed like a lot of the customers on the inside were actually authentic Italian people. I heard some Italian language being thrown around. If they are showing up here, this place must be good I thought.2 minutes later, a server came out with our sandwiches. Sandwich looked great with prosciutto, mozzarella and roasted peppers practically melting off the sides of the nicely baked bread. A small salad was included on the plate as well. It was so fresh and it I really loved the flavor. Nice and crunchy. Mozzarella was mouthwatering. We couldn't stay long so I get a box to go from a nice girl who worked there. Overall, I would recommend Andreoli to others out there who are near the Scottsdale area. My only complaint would be the price as the sandwich was near $9 but I mean for the quality it makes sense but I ask for too much. Also, I apologize to the people there for not pushing in my chair. I hope nobody tripped.
3	Andreoli's was recommended by a great friend that is as passionate about food as I am.  He mentioned that their pizza was really good.  I ordered the pizza,and it to me was just OK.  However I ordered the grilled calamari and it was off the hook!  It was a fun casual atmosphere.  The only thing that was a turn off to me was the gal that took my order at the counter.  Her attitude was anything but friendly and very disinterested to communicate.....not very sociable or polite.  I guess that would be the norm if ordering in a NYC restaurant, but it is Scottsdale!!!  I will try anything twice.  Hey, not every experience is a home run!  I went again specifically for a glass of wine and the grilled calamari, and it was just as amazing as the last time.  The gal behind the counter taking my order.....was also the same attitude as last time.  I guess if I go back I can ask my date or the person I am with to order.  There is something to be said about attitude!!!
5	I was skeptical about this place being traditional, but after eating here once, my boyfriend and I are hooked. The food is either locally grown/farmed or imported from Italy! The glass cases in front of the shop house an amazing selection of aged/dried meats and cheeses, pastries and chocolate. The menu consists of sandwiches, salads, and specials (mostly soups and pasta dishes). I believe I remember the owner mentioning something about pizza on a certain day of the week. This place is always packed at lunchtime, so come early and grab a table. There is a patio to use if it's nice outside. The "market" part is small, but it seems like the goods are pretty fancy. The service is fast and accommodating. They won't kiss your ass, but they get the job done! The interior is dim and resembles what I would say is a traditional old country kitchen. Very rustic. You won't be disappointed!
5	In Scottsdale on business for a few 2 days, ate lunch here both days.The best Italian sandwiches I've had in a while -- fresh prosciutto, mozarella, anything you could want. Each sandwich comes with a small house salad. The store itself has a great vibe, great for eating there or taking out. I will certainly be coming back here next time I am in Scottsdale.
3	I am extremely torn on this one.On one hand we tried house made finely well crafted salumi , house baked breads. These are some of the things they do really well in an authentic kind of charming little homey place. These things are clearly five star.But if I rate honestly for the dinner at their price point I I feel I had more of a three star experience and I DO NOTE THEY MIGHT HAVE HAD AN OFF NIGHT.We had excellent house made salumi and ordered a focaccia to try. These were very good no complaints.For dinner I tried the branzino. ($34) It was wood fired grilled. The fish was good and fresh but might have been slightly over done because it was difficult to remove the fish from it's skin. I can't sugar coat this and I have to absolutely honest and say for a $34 dinner they were not on their game with the vegetables. If you take the time to look at my photos I think you would agree. The green beans seemed like canned but might have been fresh and really might have been old and way over cooked. The green beans had the same color as canned green beans and were falling apart all threw the other vegetables. The carrots were firm in the center but the outsides were falling apart too. Now I would be OK with this if this wasn't a $34 dollar dinner. At this price point this meal is pretty equal to what Gianfranco and what Sassi would charge for a similar dinner so I feel my plate and particularly the vegetables should have been a similar quality.My husband went with the Veal Chop. ($36) The veal was pounded thin like what you do for Milanese. The veal itself was good until you got to the bone and by the bone you couldn't eat it because it was raw there but if they cooked it more the thin veal would be over cooked. This plate had the same vegetables as mine so I don't need to explain the vegetables because you already heard it.This is a very casual place. You order at the counter and a food runner runs your plates out. Our plates got ran to the wrong table before they made their way to us. Nobody checks on you. We waited for a check and I guess the service is European Style so when you feel your done you pay the cashier.I'll try them again for lunch. For lunch I am certain I will have a four or five star experience but I note for lunch.
5	Wife and I met local friends here for dinner. The place looked a little sketchy sitting in a strip mall parking lot like a converted Dairy Queen. Our friends beat us there, had a nice bottle of Italian red open and a table on the patio. I was a little apprehensive until I realized our friends are regulars, they raved on the food, and we went to the counter to order.The cases were loaded with Italian deli meats, cheeses, olives, anchovies, aged t-bones, a massive veal chop...things were looking up. We looked over the blackboard menu and the regular dishes, and made some selections. Not your run of the mill pseudo-Italian joint.The rigatoni with meat sauce was very good, rich, spicy, and tubes were perfectly al dente. The grilled calamari was exceptional, not overcooked and rubbery as one comes to expect. The house made mozzarella salad with tomatoes and basil was reportedly excellent, though my wife offered none to me, bogarting it entirely. Everything delivered a sense of freshness and had a home made quality.Service was friendly, familiar, like a neighborhood place that you would return to again and again. The payment scheme was strange, as you go back to the order counter and pay as you are ready to leave. But that was no problem. And prices were very reasonable. I would come back to Scottsdale just to eat here again.
5	The best food in Phoenix/ Scottsdale!!!! We are not easy, coming from NJ. Have had a hard time finding good food here for 12 years!!! This place is as good as any in New York!!! Ambience takes getting used to but the food is worth it!!!The service is great, family run. Can't wait to go back!!!'
5	Surprisingly good down-to-earth lunch from a small italian grocer.I was a foodie's nightmare back in the days and lived on the same exact subway sandwich for a whole year. That somehow traumatized my tastebuds, and now I shudder at the thought of any sandwich regardless of ratings as I view sandwiches as a source of disgusting evil.Closed my eyes and bit into my porchetta sandwich, must say that the meats were very well seasoned and fragrant. It was enjoyable and I didn't go crazy.Other than that, the chocolate croissant was delish, cannoli was just okay.Andreoli also has some ridiculously cool pottery/hardware shaped chocolates that tasted pretty normal but made my eyes jizz.
5	Hell what is this place, its like a special kind of heaven.Let me just say it is intimidating but so worth it. Huge tip, get a latte, and 3 croissants you wont be disappointed at all. If thats all you eat here its worth it, literally the best Ive ever had, and Ive had lots. Pasta always good, sandwiches always good, bread always good, dessert always good, proteins, veggies antipasto, always good.Bottom line one of the best meals in PHX area so far. I went twice in two days it was so good and I cant wait to go back.
1	Will never ever step foot in this place again.  The food was good but very overpriced. The snotty girl at the counter ( I was told She's the owners daughter) was unbelievably rude.  The employees standing outside were rude. Don't need that crap when there are such good places   In the same parking lot. Like tavern grille. Great food and NICE people.
5	I really enjoyed this dining experience. It's a walk up and order place, but the service is so good. They bring everything to you and it's really amazing - the BREAD in particular was incredible.I also recommend the pastries and desserts.  The wine was delicious and the pizzas looked amazing.Check it out!
4	Their chocolate croissants are amazing!  Service is great and staff is very friendly.
5	Where to begin?How about the fact that it looks and feels like an old time neighborhood Italian Grocery Store or Delicatessen, with tables in the middle of the store? You know, the kind where the Proprietor kept track of what your family owed him in a spiral notebook. If you grew up where I did, you probably had at least one of these. I was lucky in that my neighborhood had two, but neither was as good as Andreoli's!How about the fact that they have a Regular Menu and a Special Board every day and I have NEVER had anything I didn't like or absolutely love, after more than a dozen visits?How about the fact that I have pretty much narrowed down my choices on each visit to one Appetizer (Have had almost all the sandwiches and they are great but too filling to have anything else) and a "Special?"How about the fact that on each visit I absolutely MUST HAVE the Italian Bread with Extra Virgin Olive Oil (have to order - it's a "Deli!")? Absolutely the very best Italian Bread I have had since leaving the East Coast. A bit expensive but I take a loaf (BIG!) home, slice it, put paper towels between the slices, put all in a plastic bag in my freezer. Thaws out as it went it! Delicious!How about the fact that going with friends allows you to have more "tastes" by ordering lots of different dishes?How about the fact that the folks behind the counter (specially the young Lady) are knowledgeable, friendly and very helpful?How about the fact I have NEVER been for Dinner but friends who have say it is just as terrific as lunch?How about the fact that the Pricing for "Specials" may be a little steep (especially the Seafood Specials) but the quality is absolutely First Class and almost all are well worth the price?How about the fact that I can't list my recommendations, as it would just be a restatement of the Menu, but have the "Fries?"I guess I have not only started, but have finished as well.
5	How is this place not a 5 star rating on YELP!?!  My god I've been to Venice, Florence, and Rome and to have a place like Andreoli so close to home oh boy I love it here.  The food is amazing each sandwich is made of home made bread, the freshest ingredients....wow I love it here.  This is authentic italian at its very best and I hope they are around for as long as I am :)
4	Holy smokes! Who would've thought this was a great place to grab a drink after work?! It's kind of weird because it's like a Deli/Store, but they serve great imported Beer here.  I had a Chimay and my colleague had a Peroni.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/andreoli-italian-grocer-scottsdale?select=CBE0pV3nfSPWS-Sp5hB5Yw#2btj3NoLj1k_Vnc16P7DWAWe had a couple before he had to go.  It's not a good place to drink alone because you'll look like an alcoholic in there, so I left to go to another place.  But I plan to return soon to try the food.Return Factor - 90%
2	Probably the worst eggplant parmesan sandwich is the history of this item. The one star extra is for decent bread, but the filling was inedible. They decide to strip the eggplant down to the skins and then put all the skins in the sandwich. Next, they take all the seedings and eggplant meat and also throw that into this sandwich disaster. Top it off with mozzarella cheese and charge you $9 for the privledge of eating a horrible concoction. Nothing is fried, nothing is mentioned how they would be spitting on the fine history of the egplant parm sandwich in their version. Wilted lettuce as your side dish and there you go - enjoy your lousy lunch. Ripoff city. Should have walked out when they said that they don't have a chicken parmesan sandwich...hello it's an Italian joint. Whatever part of Italy this place represents, avoid it on vacation.
1	Don't go unless you are part of the "familia" or enjoy bring ignored. We were at Andreoli on Saturday night and the staff was very busy taking care of a small number of tables of friends.  We were totally ignored.  When we tried to order pizza we were told that there are no more pizza, but I saw pizzas being delivered to the "right" tables even an hour or so later.  Unlike previous visits the food this time was mediocre. No one bothered to ask us if we wanted coffee or dessert. In short, we felt unwanted. Not going back!
3	So I did not read any reviews until after I visited Andreoli's Italian Grocer. I feel sometimes when it comes to italian food I have to make my own opinion. Being brought up with some of the best Italian cooks back east it is hard to go out and eat italian. I took my Mother and Son to try it out before we recommended it to our family. We took a 30 minute drive. With that said here is my review...It is a small place, almost like a italian kitchen. There were the regulars sitting around a table watching soccer on TV. It felt authentic and welcoming Until..."The counter" we experienced the gal at the counter who was not concerned about answering our questions just wanting to know what we wanted and if we did not have an answer she moved on. We finally were able to make a decision and order.  We did order the Eggplant Parm, the Mozzarella, basil and Tomato and the beef with provolone. I have to agree with the reviewer in regards to the eggplant. There was a lot of skin that had to be picked out of the sandwich in order to enjoy it.  The beef and provolone was delicious. The flavor in the meat was spectacular. The Mozzarella, basil and tomato was delicious except I would have preferred it on the roll rather than the focaccia bread. The side salad dressing was flavorful. We ordered a side of Bread and oil because we were hoping to try the oil before purchasing the bottle. The oil was very smooth and the bread was exactly how I remember it back home. We ordered the sausage and peppers to take home to my dad. The sausage was shaped like a hamburger but it could have used more peppers and onions on it. My dad did enjoy it.After our meal My Mother wanted to purchase the bottle of oil and some bread to take home when she approached the gal with her $25.00 bottle of oil she asked to get 2 loaves of bread.  The bread was pricey $6.75 a loaf But worth it! The gal said you can only get one loaf. My Mother's intention was to buy a loaf for my son because he loved it so much. My son then went up to the counter to look at the chocolate they had in the case. He was ignored for about 5 minutes until I went up to help him. He is 13 and almost 6 feet tall so it was not that they could not see him. He chose a piece of chocolate that looked like a screw. He mentioned that it was the best piece of chocolate he has had in a long time!. I was with him and I purchased the 2nd loaf of bread. A bit silly we had to do that!I would definitely go back again just to purchase a loaf of bread! The food was delicious. Yes they need to step up their customer service skills but then again it didn't bother me to much as I grew up around Italians just like that, so to me it is not a deal breaker weather I would return or not. But the purchase of only 1 loaf of bread that is bothersome. Especially when you drive so far  to expect it to be a grocer as well as a deli and then you buy a $25.00 bottle of oil you need more than one loaf to go with the oil! They need to either add more products or take the grocer name off because it is a little deceiving.
5	Service is typical Italian...a bit curt and you will wait...and wait...and wait... for your authentic goodness but OMG is it worth it! I discovered this little gem a few months ago when a bartender at the Merc bar (Italian import named Francesco) told me to check it out. The chef owner bakes all his own Italian pastries, makes his own pastas, pulls his own mozzarella and imports his meats and cheeses. He changes his menu  daily and makes wood fired pizzas on Wed and Sat. This is my favorite local Italian spot hands down... but for full service authentic restaurants, I suggest Michelina's in Scottsdale(amazing and upscale) or Harley's Bistro (equally amazing but less formal and good luck finding it) in Central Phx.  Ciao!
1	I wanted to add a bit to my husband's review. I ordered the spaghetti and clams, one of their more expensive dishes. There were a nice number of clams on the plate but the sauce was watery and tasteless.
5	We were supposed to be in Venice, Italy today. We had to cancel our trip. Went to Andreoli for lunch instead and were not disappointed. Do not expect a fancy Italian restaurant. Do expect a fabulous assortment of pastries, sandwiches and pasta dishes. Nice selection of wines and beers in a venue that has the feel of a corner shop in Italy. My wife had the homemade sausage sandwich and I had the "Bastardo." We are going back next week to continue our new quest of trying everything Andreoli has to offer.Expect to hear a lot of locals speaking Italian but we got by very well using English:)A little pricey but no where near the cost of a trip to the "boot."
5	This place is a definite find! Tucked away in the corner of a shopping center, but once inside it is a gem. The food was excellent and the place was adorable. The antipasto board was amazing and the bread out of this world. It wasn't very busy on the night we were in, but I have a feeling this little place gets packed. If it doesn't, it should! I will be back again and again.
4	Yes, another Italian deli/grocer review.  While visiting family in the area we stopped here for an early lunch. It was a party of eight, the place was somewhat empty so we had time to catch up.  I asked the people I was with what they recommended and we came up with two sandwiches.The first sandwich was on the daily specials menu.  It was a meatball hero which was very good and reminded me of Sunday Dinner at Grandma's. The second sandwich was the #6 the Porchetta. Which is roasted pork seasoned with garlic, fennel and black pepper.  Both came with a side salad.   The total cost for two drinks and two sandwiches came to about $25 which is a little high, but I think the food was worth it. Just an observation, it seems like there are a lot more Italian delis in the Scottsdale area since the last time I was out there.  I don't think that is a bad thing is it?  It is just an awful amount of competition.
5	Love this place. My first visit was for Festa Di Natale a once a year event.  There was a beautiful display if holiday pastries. They were so tasty and addictive!  Along with the treats we ordered pizza and an eggplant sandwich. Spectacular! The sauce on the sandwich and pizza.. Perfect! The eggplant was melt in your mouth and the pizza so hearty and not overloaded with cheese. Yes yes yes we will be back! As for service, it was friendly, courteous and speedy. Prices? I did see olive oil that was a bit pricey but your probably getting great import quality. One more time.. Yes we will be back! Very authentic and delicious!!
5	Oooooooooooooh wow!!!!! Yum Yum YUMMY!!!I had the Bocca di Rosa from the peccati di gola menu (direct translation: rose mouth from the gluttony menu, but actually it was the eggplant parmesan on a baguette with a side salad) and it was like a delightful, light, flavorful party in my mouth. The baguette is perfection and tasted just like my favorite french bread from down home in Louisiana (I know that isn't exactly italian but I don't give a damn, this was quite possibly THE BEST bread I've had since I moved to Arizona).I'm not really sure why the other reviewers were taking the eggplant peel out of the sandwich, you're supposed to eat the peel, but whatever, to each their own. The (tender) peel and the insides of the eggplant were deliciously prepared, tender,     thin(ish), soft, and to quote Cara S. 'melt in your mouth' fantastic. It was quite possibly sauteed, I don't know I'm not a chef, but I know when something tastes good. All I know about it is that the eggplant was not fried and coated beyond recognition.   If that's the kind of eggplant you are looking for, why bother with eggplant? Why not just deep fry a dishrag and put it between a couple of slabs of Wonderbread you neanderthals? But I digress...Did I mention how tender the eggplant was, because I meant to mention that. My biggest eggplant pet peeve is undercooked veggies. There was NONE of that problem here. My coworker had the Ciao from the peccati di gola menu (direct translation: HELLO! from the glutton menu...or Goodbye, or whatever you want it to mean...but it actually was flavorful thinly sliced beef, provolone cheese, sauteed onions and spicy-ish (to him) peppers and completely heavenly. At present time, a sandwich and a side salad is under $10. And you won't regret it, unlike *some other* places in the near vicinity. In fact, I think everything on the current menu is under $10. Andreoli, you are now in the lunchtime rotation (and dinner if I happen to be up that way).
5	Italian food, cooked and served by Italians with Italian ingredients. What else do you want? Best Italian restaurant in Arizona IMO.
5	Simply awesome place, one of the two best Italian restaurants I've ever been to anywhere.  Service is fast and efficient, and the food...simply phenomenal.  The bread is perfectly fresh every time.  The salad dressing, while rather simple, is surprisingly great for some reason I can't put my finger on.  We've always loved it.The dining area is very small with just simple tables, and there's a small patio area.  I've never had to wait for seating however.  They don't have any sort of a bar but there's a selection of a few wines by the bottle at a reasonable price.Note the name is "Italian Grocer" and their roots are in selling some great deli meats, bread, and ready-to-use home-made pastas.  You can get top quality meat and bread to go as well as a variety of their pastas and sauces.
4	Had lunch today.  Really good quality food.  Husband had the lamb sandwich and loved it.  I had the salami sandwich which was good.  The little salads brought back memories of my Greek grandmother's everyday salads.  Place is a little pricy, but maybe because of quality.  Other Yelpers commented on size reduction.  We'll be back and I might try the meatball sandwich to see what comes out,
5	Superb.  Wonderful fresh and tasty food prepared to perfection.   Went for lunch and loved it.  The atmosphere is friendly and cheerful.  Simply wonderful.
3	I've had this restaurant bookmarked for a while, so I went to check it out finally. It was a bit of a drive from my home but it was worth the experience.We had never been there so it was nice to find a cute Italian grocer with decent food. I say decent I guess because I was thinking the food would be more flavorful. We ordered two sandwiches. I thought I was ordering a tuna sandwich but I basically got a Caprese. Pretty standard, except that the bread was soooo good and buttery. My mom said her sandwich lacked flavor but the bread was good as well. It really was the bread that was impressive for both of us. It seems as though they have really good food here aside from sandwiches. It's a bit pricey though. What made the experience nice was one of the workers who had the greatest personality. He was humble and spoke mostly Italian but a little English. The young lady at the counter was not friendly, but it was this guy who spoke mostly Italian who asked us if it was our first time and made some dessert recommendations. Another worker made some sandwich recommendations. If it wasn't for these two men, I would've felt completely isolated and unwelcome in this establishment, so I'm really glad they were there to be helpful, even though it's not their primary job.I get it's your family's restaurant, but if you don't want to be there, don't be there. People can tell and this restaurant could be even greater with better service.
2	I agree with the other reviewers.  The girl working at the counter was not friendly.  I ordered one of their sandwiches and I asked if they could please add prosciutto to it.  She replied with "no, we don't mix meats".  Really?  Pretty sure I'm the customer and if you're not willing to give me what I want, I won't be back.  Hence, I'm never going back.  The sandwich would have been much better if they made it the way I requested it.  An Italian sandwich with just one meat?!?  It was bland.  Bread was hard and flavorless.  My friend loves Italian food and he got the Rigatoni Bolognese, which he thought was OK but nothing special.  DeFalco's is better, especially for sandwiches.  Oh, and do not order the tripe, I think the reason is self explanatory.
5	Mamma Mia! That's my best Italian impression... Take it for what it's worth. The only thing that matters is that I had the best sandwich I've ever had in my life at Andreoli's Italian Grocer. Yes... in my life (or at least as far back as last week, I have a horrible memory)Before I get to the sandwich, I have to touch on the environment. When I saw a sign next to the register saying "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone," I knew this place was going to be a treat. That said, I've been here two days in a row and had two completely different customer service experiences. My first day, the atmosphere was tense. I went up to give my order to a young lady. She was pretty girl, but I'm not sure if she had teeth because she never smiled. Order was taken, then on to the next task she went.  The man at the register was cordial but obviously annoyed. It was Obvious because he outwardly made the irritated comment that he didn't know how he was supposed to run the register and also make, I think he said cake, but I'm not sure because I was looking around for the closest exit in case one of these two lost it. On the second day, there was a different young lady and a different gentleman. Both were welcoming and friendly. Completely different attitudes from these two. The service seems to be luck of the draw.You want to know who was pleasant both visits? The guy who runs the dining room with the burly mustache. He brightens my day. He's delightful and he has an unapologetic mustache. I can't say enough about that mustache. It's wonderful.The dining area is not very big and it's filled with a number of old world-antique looking furnishings. Cookware hangs from the ceiling, old photos on the walls among other random looking antiquey stuff. It's pretty sweet. Sitting at one of the old wooden tables for two made me feel like I was at on old time pub or eatery in a small Italian village. If the floor was made of cobblestone, it would be perfect.Both times, I ordered the Caio sandwich. Sliced beef with cheese and grilled onions on the greatest bread I've had in Phoenix. It's served with a simple salad and is so good. It's a great lunch. I may go get it again today. If you have some room left after your meal, they have a case of delicious looking dessert items. I tried the tiramisu, and I didn't hate it. This place is one of my new Phoenix favorites... even though it's in Scottsdale. I don't care what kind of service I get. As long as the food stays amazing, this will be my little Italy.
5	Having been born and raised in italy, i have to hand it to this place -- super authentic. The food is amazing, home made, and reminds me of home. Love this place!
5	We live in the SF Bay Area & come to Scottsdale 1-2 times per year to see my wife's family. I checked online (Yelp & Trip Advisor) & found the positive reviews and 4 1/2 stars for Italian restaurants & with Andreoli I liked the menu and the fact that the owner & cook are native born Italians. I'm not but my heart and soul are very Italian as my parents are born in Italy where we go every year, food a main reason and it is no place for a diet. Many places in North Beach ( Little Italy in SF), and in Italy too in Piazza Navona, Pantheon etc., have barkers outside enticing people to come in while you prefer some space looking at the outside menu. These are mostly tourists whom many they'll see only once. I hate the hounding. This is a neighborhood place off the busy streets and not a major tourist area like Old Town Scottsdale and is mostly a destination point restaurant and I would guess that most of their customers are repeat so for customers to return, the food has to be good !So many Italian restaurants have Latins as cooks and these are trained by Italians but for me I'm a bit biased and find that an authentic native born Italian in the kitchen will make me feel more like I'm in Italia and Luciano most certainly did cooking our meals on 2 visits. If they have the ingredients, and they do have so many and imported from Italy too, they'll make something to order. Had Linguini & Clams but it was in a white sauce with a little white wine and olive oil and I asked for it in red but light so Luciano cut up 4-5 cherry tomatoes. On another day I had a taste for Pasta alla Puttanesca, a specialty plate of the Ladies of the Night. I looked in the case and saw Anchovies, Olives and Capers so Luciano made it for me again with the sliced Cherry tomatoes, garlic & olive oil. The Spaghetti was cooked to order and "al dente", chewy to the taste. Some restaurants overcook the pasta and it comes like Polenta, Italian cornmeal. In Italy there is an expression " Fare La Scarpetta" (little shoe). The bread is used to scoop up the sauce and we were doing that frantically. Many in Italia consider "La Scarpetta" the best part of the meal.My father was born in Cetraro, Italia, and I delighted in having the Cetrarese salad from that region without greens but mixed olives, tomatoes and onions. I saw another salad my Mother used to make with tomatoes, tuna and mixed greens but my Mama would served it with Cannellini beans & no lettuce which I will ask them to do next time we are in the area. I asked if they do Pasta & Fagioli and they do so this will be something for which to look forward.Very luckily, one day a birthday for a teenage boy was being celebrated where he was given a delectable looking "torta"(cake). Also, Gianni's grandaughter, Isabella, was there and it was a festive atmosphere of Italian family and friends. I got nostalgic & felt I was with my family. Many Italians even when you meet them for the first time make you feel like family as I'm sure they do with many customers. And continuing the Italian authenticity, the one TV had the RAI channel and what do Italians love as much as good food, SOCCER !!! And while enjoying eachother's company, eyes glanced at the match.People in this area are lucky and if you can't make a trip to Italy now, come here as you'll feel like you are in Italy. If I lived in the area I'd be here 3-4 times per week. And they have "un sacco di selezioni di panino", wonderful assortment of sandwiches, and as I said about the pasta dishes, if they have the ingredients, I'm sure will make them to order. I noticed too a steady line of people taking sandwiches( I'm thinking now of one I wish to have when I return, homemade sausages, peppers & onions...yum, yum !!!) to go which I would too do on a regular basis along with many other "prelibatezze alimentari", Italian delicacies. As they say about returning to Sorrento, I can't wait to return to Andreoli's on our next trip to Scottsdale.
3	Was a pleasant visit. No smiles---but the food was GREAT and we got things fast.I was chilled ---it had been raining and appeared they turned the heat on late.
5	Love this place. The food and people working are authentic and care deeply about what they are serving. The pastries and desserts are absolutely delicious. I don't come here too often but when I do I often wonder why I'm not here weekly. Price is slightly more expensive than a traditional lunch, but certainly well worth it.
5	Fantastico!OK, that's almost all the Italian I know - my ancestors are not proud.You can choose any of the sandwiches on their menu board and you'll be happy. I especially like the forza italia and the porchetta but you really can't go wrong. In addition to sandwiches you can get appetizers and salads. The staff is friendly and patient if you don't know the ingredients. I should mention that they have a small but excellent baked goods section and a wide selection of Italian meats and cheeses.A warning - most sandwiches are about $9 and they come with a salad side. You'll never go to Subway again after you've eaten here.  You've been warned.
5	Love this place!Florentine steaks are worth the drive, as is the ambiance.Typical authentic italian- as if you were in italy, say florence or Milano.Because its scottsdale, the scenery gives it away but if you'd like to eat authentic, eat here
4	I've seen some mixed reviews for Andreoli's.  Let me set you straight: this is an authentic, family-owned place.  If you come somewhat regularly (you should!), you will recognize the same people each time.  Some of the younger employees seem to have a little bit of an attitude, but most of the staff are very attentive and authentic and truly want you to have a great experience.There is brick-oven pizza on Wednesdays and Saturdays.  I've had this on two separate occasions and had quite different experiences.  The first time it was great, the second time the crust was a bit soggy.  I think they were simply busy and didn't leave it in long enough.  What I keep coming back for are the sandwiches.  They are amazing and also have great vegetarian options.  I highly recommend the eggplant sandwich, even if you typically eat meat.  Its great!  The calamari (both the friend and grilled) are also great if you eat fish!  They have several different beer and bottles of wine you can purchase, or you can choose a glass of the house wine.  Come early if you don't want to wait.  Otherwise, come for lunch!  Always order coffee and dessert -its definitely worth it!
5	Great, authentic Italian grocer that serves sandwiches and salads. I had a sandwich with  prosciutto, mozzarella, and grilled peppers. everything was incredibly fresh and delicious. They also have excellent pastries and cakes. I tried the tiramisu with a cappuccino and it was delicious. Finally, they had some mid-week Champions League football playing on a big tv.  bottom line: can't wait to come back again.
5	What an awesome find! My doctor recommended this place as he said their pizza is better than Bianca. I had to try for myself after he made a bold statement like that. I had their pizza by the slice that they sell for lunch and it was outstanding. I also grabbed a few things to go as well. This is a family owned and operated business. Great food and a very authentic "Italian" feel. Mamma Mia!
5	What a perfect find for my Italian self!! My boyfriend & I went here for date night and absolutely loved everything from the service, to the food & the Italian ambiance! I highly recommend visiting if you are looking for a delicious Italian meal that is well priced! We enjoyed the spaghetti & clams, Rigatoni and yummy antipasto board! This place makes me proud to be Italian... I will definitely be back with my friends & family!
5	The food is delicious, the service is good. It has a good vibe! I've had their Lasagna and the Gnocchi. Cant go wrong in this restaurant!!
4	This food is utterly sublime. It's bursting with flavor and technique, flawless execution, gorgeous presentation.  The food is truly gourmet, in that it's generally light and fresh with decadent touches and reasonable portions (larger than usual for fancy food, smaller than usual for Italian).  I've been here multiple times and ordered various fancy dinner specials (for example, a branzino whole fish - so tender and flavorful!) with phenomenal results.  I lived in Philly most of my life, so I can tell you that this is the real deal Italian.  The desserts are quite delicious, but in my humble opinion, the food is better (certainly for the price).  For lunch, there aren't a ton of vegetarian options, but I've had the caprese salad -  delicious, though a bit small.So, why not 5 stars?  The prices are high, and the quality of the food definitely supports them, but the atmosphere does not.  Don't get me wrong - there's nothing wrong with the atmosphere.  The place looks like a classic Italian grocery store with some mismatched furniture and a beautiful old espresso machine.  However, I'm a little reluctant to pay $35 per entree when I'm ordering at the counter and sitting in a stiff-backed, funky wooden chair.
4	Really great prosciutto sandwich.  Can be a little crowded and not wild about going back up to the counter every time to get more iced tea.
5	We came on a Friday night in perfect Phoenix weather and had a great meal! Definitely try the Caio Sandwich and the Rigatoni and Sausage.
5	Family owned and operated Italian eatery & grocer.  Service is top notch.  Food amazing!  We dined outside on the patio surrounded by grapevines and lights. We ordered the caio sandwich and the zia rosina salad.  The baguette is very good, the meat was well seasoned.  The salad was simple and so delicious.  We ate light and indulged in several desserts.  Meringata - amazing - still craving this! Pieces of meringue in whipped cream with nuts - heaven!  The fresh strawberry cake was light and not too sweet, just right so delicious!  Sfogliatelle very light and flaky it had a hint of lemon and lightly powdered sugar.  We were stuffed and we had even shared the sandwich.  We look forward to returning and trying other menu items. Love the glass case with all the delicious baked goods, there are some amazing looking chocolates as well that we need to try next time.  The place was packed with Italians -- a very good sign!
1	One of the WORST experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. What do you do when you order a meal priced at $19.95 and then they charge you $86?? Hello? They have a price tag of $ on local eats. NOT! this is a rip off place that is misogynist and wishes they had better ambience and service. They are hoping to take advantage of nice people who just want a great place to eat. Have you ever been shouted at by the owner when no one else is around? Well I advise you to skip this place especially if you are female and alone. No respect. No service. Just rude goofballs  like the owner who feels it is his right to shout at females and give supbar serrvice with their switch and bait menu. I ordered a meal for $19.95 and got charged $86 and told to go some place else and never come back. Well I may never eat there again but I am determined to let my fellow travelors know there are much better places to eat with much better service and owners. DONT GO HERE AND WASTE YOUR $~~~Save your time and money. Go someplace else where they appreciate women and good service and dont try to rip off nice folks,This is thr type of Italian men we wish has stayed in Italy. CREEPS~~~
3	Sonewhat high prices especially for the speciality bakery itemz..the sandwiches which come with a salad are just like grandma use to make....but they can be hit or miss
4	I have to admit... I was hesitant to get out of the car when I pulled up.  I AM SO GLAD I DID!  I was traveling by myself for work and ambiance is important to me when doing so.  The lights surrounding the patio were what drew me in.  When I entered, I was a little thrown by the bright lights and no wait stand however I quickly learned that you have to order at the counter and then find a table.  While I was figuring out what to order, a nice man behind the counter helped me with some questions I had about the menu.  Finally, I made a decision.  I ordered and then found a quiet little section of the patio to sit.  To start, I ordered the Caprese - delicious homemade mozzarella that was the right amount of salty topped with fresh basil.  SO GOOD.  I then went for the Rigatoni with sausage and peas - wow.  The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sausage had just the right amount of spice.  I don't even have time to eat my leftovers but took them with me anyways just in case.What this restaurant lacks in ambiance it certainly makes up for in taste.  But isn't that part of the fun when trying new places?  My spot on the patio was absolutely perfect.  I can't speak for dining inside but honestly, I would rather sit outside any day.  Enjoy!
4	Great fun. Good pizza, great experience. Go on Thursday or Saturday when owner plays guitar and sings. Family operated, and you'll feel like you're part of the family too.
5	Andreoli's is as authentic as it comes. A family ran italian grocer/restaurant, you will find yourself as the only non Italian person eating dinner most nights, unless you're Italian of course. Their calamari is always fresh and cooked to perfection. My favorite item if available is the Florentine Steak, big enough for 2-3 people to share. Their pizza, mushroom ravioli, veal pasta are always on the top of my list. You will leave feeling full (in a good way) and completely satisfied every time.This place is worth every penny and I always can't wait to go back.
4	The food here is superbly delicioso!!!  If you like grilled calamari, then this is the place.  The calamari is marinated and tasty and has a distinct flavor that makes an individual come back for more and more and more.  One can taste vinegar with some olive oil and pepper and some spice I can't quite put a finger on.  Try their potato fries, it is so unique and crispy and served with crispy onion strips!  House salad is most tasty with just the right amount of oil and vinegar.  Pasta is of course al dente and cooked to perfection!  Place is small, plan to come before 7pm, otherwise, a takeout is always the best option.  Oh, forgot to mention the desserts, I don't know what they're called or what's in them but just try them, you won't regret it!!!  Belissimo!!!
4	Hole in the wall, neighborhood gem that serves authentic Italian food. Forewarn: double and triple check the price on any item on their daily menu. We ordered the lobster pasta thinking it was a good deal ($16) and turned out it was $32 for only half a lobster! The grilled calamari is amazing, nice grilled flavor with olive oil and not chewy at all. The sandwiches are really good too. My husband like the pasta with sausage sauce. We also like the dessert they serve. The chocolate croissant is very good and they sell out fast so grab it if you see one at dinner time. Gets crowded on weekends for dinner. Small place with limited seating so not good for large group.
3	This is a weekly hang out for some family members who love the eggplant sandwich.  I ordered take out - the #2 Caio sandwich - beef, cheese and grilled onions with a small salad not really a salad just a handful of lettuce nothing else so I doctored the lettuce up a bit when I arrived home adding more lettuce, red onions, cucumbers and it was good.  But the sandwich did not taste too good once I arrived home as it was not hot any longer and I needed to doctor it up to so it tasted better - so added some red onions and goat cheese plopped it in the toaster oven for a few minutes and wowla a great tasting sandwich.  I did love the bread and someone said they make their bread from scratch.  I hope this is true. Pretty good place for sandwiches if you eat in, take out not so much.  The pastries are still way over priced even for ritzy Scottsdale.
5	Bar none my favorite place to eat in town. The good is amazing and always cooked to perfection. Whether it's a hot porchetta sandwich for lunch or my personal favorite spaghetti arrabiata, it's always delicious. The place and the people in it are full of character. My son often doesn't want to eat anything else because he has been spoiled on the goodness that is andreolis.
4	Andreoli is a little gem we discovered through yelp while on vacation in scottsdale. My daughter loves her Nona's pasta and an authentic italian meal so we decided to give this place a try. Our kids had spaghettini in a plain tomato sauce. My husband and I split the bresaola and arugula salad with Parmesan and a plate of pasta with veal sausage. The meal was delicious. Very authentic and flavourful. The sandwiches that we saw others eating alos looked very good - on fresh ciabatta bread. It reminded us of meals we eat in Italy or at my italian in-laws' place. We also had dessert. The pastries and espresso are excellent. We ate around 2pm on a Friday and the place wasn't too crowded. The owner was socializing with patrons and thee was a friendly vibe. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the prices for the pasta (over $20) seem high for an establishment where you order at a counter. Decor is quaint and traditional with antique style table and chairs. It has a very family-run type feel which is nice.
5	Amazing food, authentic Italian and real high quality products, my favourite Italian restaurant in the Valley hands down. The staff is great and Chef Scorzo is a genius with his creations . I highly recommend that you try this place , its an experience your tastebuds won't regret
4	I go to Andreoli's a lot for lunch because it's very close to my office.  The sandwiches and desserts are great... and the side salad that they serve with the sandwiches is so fresh with a light and simple oil and vinegar dressing.  Yes, most of the employees at Andreoli's have an Italian accent, and YES, this means that sometimes their personalities are lost in translation... but I personally love it!  The ingredients are always so fresh, and I recommend the Sempronio sandwich, especially if you are a fan of prosciutto.  I did not give the place 5 stars for three reasons:  1. it's a little expensive.  2.  Not a lot of parking.  3.  Not a lot of seating-- it gets crowded quickly.  So if you are going for lunch, make sure you are there by about 11:30.Also, I have to add that I have been to Andreoli's at night before, and there was an opera singer... which was super cool!**Slight amendment to original review.** I wish I could give 3.5 stars for this place.  I just got lunch there and was charged SEVEN DOLLARS for one slice of cake.  And the portion wasn't large, and the cake is dry and not very good.  Also, my friend bought some of their gourmet chocolate, and it's *ridiculously* expensive.
5	My Italian husband and I have been meaning to stop in since moving from San Francisco three years ago. Glad we did! Just a simple Panini sandwich with creamy mozzarella, fresh tomatoes, olive oil and yummy bread was soooo good! I thought I was in Florence or Roma! My husband's meat ball sandwich was delicious and the casual, Old World atmosphere reminded me of the old Italian neighborhoods in San Francisco. This will definitely will be a regular stop for us now for a quick and delicious lunch!
1	Absolutely horrible!!! My husband and I have been going here for years. Tonight, while eating his salad, he bit into a thumbtack . We kept quiet to not cause a scene and discretely told our server. (We were with our 2year old daughter) He and the owner proceeded to imply that we planted it in there . No " sorry" ... Nothing. Dirty, filthy restaurant .
1	Dirty , worst customer service I've ever experienced. Overpriced for just average food. Don't waste your time or money. We waited over 30 minutes to order and then 40 minutes for our pizza to be warmed up. The owner is pompous and arrogant .
5	I have been here many times and really have never been disappointed. The food is absolutely fantastic. The restaurant reminds me of something you would find in Italy. Family owned and operated. They are not interested in being fancy. They are interested in serving fantastic food. You cannot miss here.
5	This is a great Italian sandwich shop, I had The Bastardo and added some of the fresh anchovies on the side which are delicious!
4	I am going to have to go back to Andreoli because the one problem that kept it from being five stars may have been a fluke, and because there are other menu items I really want to try.Andreoli is mainly a restaurant with an Italian deli and a few dry goods.  It is small and informal but comfortable and clean.  You order at the counter, but the food is brought to your table.We had two of the sandwiches -- Italian sausage and an eggplant-based vegetarian option.  The homemade bread was top-notch, crispy and tasty, and for me bread makes the sandwich.  The vegetarian sandwich was delicious in all respects, a kind of eggplant parmesan on a roll.  The onions and peppers on the sausage sandwich almost but not quite saved the day, because the sausage (in the form of a patty the size of a large thin hamburger) was over-charred and bitter.  There was one more flaw -- the salad served with the sandwiches had been doused in Italian dressing so heavily that it was nearly inediable.  Perhaps you can get the dressing on the side.They also have pasta and other entrees and a case full of homemade Italian desserts, at least three of which have my name on them.  Almost every other diner was ordering desserts, which you rarely see in a restaurant, but we were so full from our sandwiches that we didn't try them -- until next time.
5	The lunch is good but the dinner here is even better! Best Authentic Italian in Phoenix!
5	Have to add my stars to the pile! Funky, unpretentious, great food!  The Porchetta is simply the best sandwich I've ever had, anywhere, ever. I recently started buying their bread - perhaps the best in the valley, and on a par with Acme Bakery in the Bay Area. To those who said this place is not 'authentic' ... I was there during the World Cup (soccer) in 2012 when Italy happened to be playing, and the place was full of Italian-flag-draped young men, all cheering and shouting in Italian.  The owners were out in force too! My g/f loves the 'trippa' (tripe), a seasonal special they do.  I also love the way you help yourself to beers - you just walk up to the cooler and take what you want, and pay at the end. Very homey!
2	I don't get all the hype from other reviewers.  We have been to this place a few times, and it is nothing special.  Tonight, we shared the penne with veal sauce.  To be fair, the veal sauce was excellent, but the penne was seriously undercooked (yes, I can tell the difference between undercooked and al dente).  And it was served pretty cold.We were not offered any parmesan to go on top of the penne.  And although we got bread, it was four slices of thick bread.  No oil, no butter, just plain and dry.On the other hand, the mixed green salad was very good.  I like a lot of dressing, so for me it was fine.  Others who like less dressing might disagree.We went in the evening, so it was dark out.  It was also pretty dark in the restaurant.  The lighting is dim and unflattering, and the seating is a hodge podge of mix and match furniture.     The service is okay.
5	I'm in love. I've been wanting to go here ever since I found it on Yelp and finally had the chance to go. The set-up is a little confusing when you get in, but luckily I went with a "regular." First, you go up to the counter where they have their menu on chalkboards and order behind the counter. You then get a number and have to go stake out a table. They then bring your food to you and you pay at the counter after you're done. I know, it doesn't sound that complicated but it's a pretty tight space and there are people everywhere so it was a little overwhelming. Anyway... I forgot which sandwich I had but it had salami and cheese on it, which is a win for me. The sandwich was a little smaller than I expected, but turned out to be the perfect amount. The side salad was simple but tasty. I had the tiramisu for dessert too which was delicious. I was told that the croissants are a must have and went back on a weekday around 7pm. They had plenty of croissants left and I got a cannoli too. The croissant was so good. Buttery goodness. I would love to try one in the morning after they've been made. It was packed when I went on the weekday too with families. I'll definitely be back, would love to try their pizza and gnocci!
4	I am so happy to have found this little gem of a restaurant again. I visited here years ago with an ex and this place has the best Italian restaurant ever. I decided to Google it and see if it was still around. I'm gonna have to pay it a visit soon. Only complaint is that my portion of food was small.
1	Just try this: ask for extra sauce, side of sauce or an extra slice of cheese. Or be daring, ask for some mustard. Try it and see if you would ever go back. They must be doing so well that your customer's time and money means absolutely nothing. Great food you can find anywhere, great food with extremely poor customer service, actually I would call it anti-customer service, you have to go out of your way to find these days.
1	Saw Guy Fieri outside yesterday morning (12/19/14) filming for Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives at Andreoli's, and I have absolutely no idea as to why. There are better restaurants and better food and better customer service than here. You need to find out where the 'locals' actually eat at. Or better yet, walk around the neighborhood and ask the locals what they think of their neighbors, you will not find too many nice answers. They even had some patrons walk in with a 'Yo Paulys' pizza shirt on and they were rudely told to leave, that 'you're not going to be waited upon here'. Bizarre.
4	Went here for dinner with the family on sat night, it was packed. We sat outside until a table opened up but it was worth the wait! The food is expensive. .no other way to put it,  but my 17 dollar lasagna while not a large portion was very good! Do yourself a favor and order a plate of fries.  I did not try the deserts but they looked amazing.  Staff was very courteous.. and got us an extra heater when we were outside..This place is a diamond in a business park..
4	Everything was amazing except my fish the fresh shrimp, calamari, lobster marinated and grilled. It was prepared to far ahead of time. However the four others in my party thoroughly enjoyed their meals. I highly recommend eating here. One of the most authentic Italian restaurants I've ever eaten at.
3	My coworker and I stopped in here for a quick lunch recently and while part of me really enjoyed it, the the rest of me really didn't. The food was delicious, the atmosphere is pleasant and the workers were friendly.The issue I have is they don't allow any customization of any kind to their sandwiches. I was looking for an 'italian' kind of sandwich with a bunch of different meats and peppers but they didn't have anything like that on their list of sandwiches. When i asked if they could do that, the woman said no. They make their sandwiches a certain way because 'he' (the owner?) says they're best that way. Ok. I guess. There was also about a 15 minute wait for the two sandwiches to arrive. So the food was good, but don't expect to customize your sandwich.
4	I have now eaten here several times and my original review pretty much stands.  The food is usually better than good but there are occasional misses.  And I can't get away from thinking that Andreoli is a bit too expensive for a neighborhood eatery.
