4	Since returning from Houston a couple of months ago, I found myself craving crawfish any chance I get.  After experiencing the crawfish craze in the Westminster area of Southern California, imagine my delight when I saw the sign for "Hot N Juicy Crawfish" in Las Vegas.The BF and I anxiously awaited the opening of this first of its kind restaurant in Sin City and finally got to sit down to dinner the past Sunday.  Inviting a couple of newbies made the dining experience that much more enjoyable.We started off with a pound each of the crawfish in every flavor - Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, and Hot n Juicy Combo.  At $8.99/lb, it was a dollar more than SoCal prices but we were okay with it.  For every two pounds you order, you get one corn and one potato.  So, we made sure we got our corn pieces and potatoes and were able to choose what flavor we wanted it in.  (In the end, we ordered additional corn and potato on the side, corn runs about 50 cents each.)  We also threw an order of sausage ($2.50 for half a dozen or $4.00 for a dozen).  Depending on the season, they should be offering Dungeness crab, Blue crab, and shrimp.  You can also order oysters, fried shrimp or oyster baskets, Catfish Po-Boy Sandwich, or a Basket of fries.They didn't ask us how spicy we wanted our crawfish, later on telling us they automatically make it spicy unless otherwise stated.  The heat was a good amount, not too hot that it was unbearable and enough where we reached for our beverages.  Of the four, I would say the Juicy Cajun had the least flavor while the Hot n Juicy Combo had the most.  We ordered four more pounds of the Hot n Juicy Combo in this sitting.  The sausage was actually spicier than the crawfish!  We also found the crawfish to be pretty clean overall.  We're ones to suck up all the juices from the heads too, so they gotta be clean.  And I gotta admit, the last two pounds we had were especially good.  They do a good job on having cleaner crawfish than other places I've experienced.Be sure to get the salt and pepper mixture too.  You get a bowl of cut up limes and you squeeze all the lime juice into the little plastic cup and mix it all together.  This is usually meant for you to dip your crawfish in, but I found myself not needing it that much.Service was better too.  Upon entering, they line your table up with the white plastic covering and lay out a roll of paper towels.  They also provide bibs too.  You can ask for plastic gloves, but they just get in the way.  They asked us often if we needed refills on our beverages and how we were doing overall.  (I would say this is probably because they are a new restaurant, I only hope they continue with this service in the future.)They had a steady flow of customers this holiday weekend night.  It didn't get too busy, but they were never empty either.In conclusion, the four of us were pleased with our experience at Hot N Juicy Crawfish.  It looks like we'll be coming back here a lot!  Yay!Side note: There's a 17% gratuity added for parties of six or more.(You can check out my food photos up above!)
5	I have finally found a little piece of  heaven on earth (thanks for recommendation Teri C.!!)!! Hot N Juicy has definitely satisfied my craving for the crawfish/shrimp in a bag that I am so used to getting in my family's home state of Louisiana. Upon entering the restaurant we were received a warm welcome and sat down very quickly. The two flat screen plasmas across the way had ESPN news and the Dodger game on so I was very happy about that!! Our server guided us the the small menu and gave us a flavor profile of each seasoning that they had for their seafood fare. My friend and I had 2 lbs of crawfish and 2lbs of shrimp with a half order of sausage. When our order came to the table, we opened up our plastic bags with excitement!! At that moment both of us were placed in a euphoric state by the smell!! The Hot n Juicy special seasoning (spicy or extra spicy will make you want to slap somebody it is so good) is what I recommend for your seafood....a whole lot of spice and garlic which I love!! We put our bibs on and went to town!! The crawfish/shrimp/sausage were fresh, and the corn/potato was just as flavorful as the seafood. The service was great....we had someone at our table for what ever we needed at all times. I would give this place another half star for having Heineken Light available which I can't seem to find in many places except for my fridge!! A very enjoyable experience at the Hot N Juicy!! I will be back soon.........probably tomorrow!!
4	Not bad at all.  The crawfish was meatier than a similar one in California.  The blue crab was also good.  The shrimp pieces were nice and big.  What I like about this place is that it has good seasoning to choose from such as lemon pepper, house special, cajun style, and one other I can't remember.  They give you a piece of corn and a potato for ordering a 2lb bag of crawfish.  The cajun fries are good, but you can get similar tasting fries at a lot of places.  The medium spiciness has some kick to it.  They have actually five levels of spiciness which is ridiculous unless you're a hardcore fan of spicy food.  The service was good, but maybe it was because I went for lunch at a non-busy time.  The prices are just a dollar more than California, but it's still worth it.
4	I drove around and around oblivious to this place....until I realized the sign. Unfortunately the sign isn't as eye catching as I had hoped. I ended up coming here for Teri C.'s Bday party. Reggie grabbed me while I wandered around aimlessly. Maybe I was just having an off day and I was a little out of it? You walk into this quaint little restaurant. and there's a bunch of tables, some of them are dressed with plastic covering...Oh yes. Grandaddy Crawfish Killa is here...The menu isn't big at all - dungeness, crawfish, shrimp, etc....with different levels of spice. I had to get the nosebleed(Ok not on the menu) - Yes this spice was definitely a creeper. But it wasn't nosebleed enough for me. They had a special of crawfish etouffe which was good but not enough heat. When the crawfish come....well normally in Louisiana they're steamed in a water broth. The crawfish here....are put in a bag....with butter....garlic, spices, etc...Yea. WTF Talk about a cholesterol issue. Good luck with that! BUT IT'S SO FREAKING GOOD. I ordered two lbs...It was tedious having to pick out the meat. The crawfish this time wasn't as big as I was used to - but still good. I needed I definitely liked the sausage too! I couldn't finish it though....I wanted rice and I talked to one of the guys...definitely will try to incorporate rice or bread to the menu. I did have to knock them for the portions of rice only because it felt like I was being rationed off on Survivor. I can't wait to go back. But this time - I'd like my crawfish shelled :)
4	Game on! My lady is a NOLA native. While beautiful and refined she loves the dirty south. And loves crawfish. She turned me on to them and now I am addicted too. Everytime we went down to NOLA - 5 pounds. Every time the LSU alumni association would have a boil we were there. So I surprised her with a visit to HJCrawfish and it did not disappoint... Was it as good as NOLA? No f-in way. But really close and good enough. The service IS stellar. They are all family. It's all their brother's business and they treat customers right. Right now they are getting crawfish from Texas and we think that may be why they aren't as good as they could be. Our hopes are then when they are back in season the crawfish will once again be coming in from Louisianna and they'll be even better. Get the spicy - Good luck.
4	I get to Vegas about 5-6 times a year, and the last time we were in the mood for something different (and not in a casino). Our friend found a review for Hot N Juicy online and we decided to try it out.The food was great (AND HOT), if you go, be prepared to get greasy and have really good spicy cajun/creole food.The owners were friendly and made sure we had enough to eat and drink. The timing of all the food coming out was a little off, but I think that will improve with them only being open a couple of months when we went.The only bad thing for visitors is getting back to your hotel if you don't have a rental car. The taxi situation near Chinatown is not good at nights (especially on weekends). If you have your own car... head west on Spring Mountain Road, and be ready for a good ol' fashioned crawfish broil...
4	Fun place to go.  Service was good and you just eat everything like a viking.  I found the crawfish to be unsatisfying....too much work for such a little amount of meat but good flavor.  We had to order a pound of shrimp after we ordered 2 pounds of crawfish and a pound of blue crab because neither of us felt remotely full.  Everything tasted great though.  But I will only order the shrimp the next time we come here.  As soon as we were leaving, a bunch of poker players (JC Tran, Nam Le, Amnon Fillipi etc) came through the door to eat.  I thought it was interesting that these guys could eat at Picasso every night yet they chose to come here of all the places on a Wednesday night.
4	MY SO loves spicy food ( she's chinese ) and she is always taking me to chinatown to try various places serving spicy fare...after hearing about hot n juicy i decided this might interest her.  In a nutshell...she loved this place !!!  DO NOT wEAR YOUR SUNDAY BEST TO THIS PLACE !!  Yes, they give you a big roll of paper towels on the table....yes they give you that tacky lobster bib ( USE IT...YOU'RE NOT TO COOL ) she ordered a pound of the crawfish w/ house special sauce ( basically all the other sauces combined ) extra spicy.....i ordered the shrimp and sausage with medium sauce ( yeah,...i admit...i'm a wimp ! )  before getting the food my SO kept yakking about some city in china ( it may have been shanghai ...can't remember ) that there is a street of restaurants that only serve spicy crawfish ...she loves the stuff....she can be picky  about the food and how it's served - i was pleased she did not have attitude when her food came out in a plastic bag - no plates, forks, etc...just a bag of food...she put down a paper towel and she went to town...every now and then she would say..."so good"  or "yummy-yummy"  but for the most part just  kept working on those lil buggers...her cheeks getting redder and redder due to the heat...she was in heaven...we ordered another poiund...she ate that...she was still hungry....she is not a big eater....we ordered 2 pounds to goOverall, it is a fun place...next time we will try the crab...btw...the shrimp were very good, lots of butter and garlic...i asked the server if they served bread ( they don't ) i wanted a roll to slop up the sauce at the bottom of the bag !!a little pricey - total bill was $66...and we were still hungry ( but we did have an extra 2 pound bag ...SO ate that the next day for lunch )we need places like this in the vegas valley !!!  Variety is the spice of lifeUPDATE - 2ND VISIT -  tried the blue crab....SO loved it...too much work for me... after one crab, i went back to the shrimp - i was pleased to see they listen to their customers - they added the option of buying rice and also rolls....they also had a special - $2.50 coronas and heinekens....again, maybe a little pricey but this place is all good !UPDATE 3RD VISIT ----  they've added king crab legs to the menu ...$20.95 / pound ....i guess i'm an elitist ...my only complaint about the KCL ...they don't cut them in 1/2 ....very tasty ! SO did her usual - 2 lbs of crawfish at the restaurant, 2 pounds to go - she thought this was the freshest batch of crawfish she's had in our 5 visits to H&J !
4	Found this joint only because of Yelp -- so thanks, guys!  Took my neighbor and her 13 yr old and my mother...we were prepared to get down and dirty...Our first impression was that on a Friday night, this place should have been much busier -- it almost made us nervous -- but we soldiered on.   The four of us ordered 3 pounds of shrimp, a pound of crawfish and a half pound of sausage -- all with mild "hot n juicy" (which is all of their sauces combined).  Word to the wise, I was sort of bummed about ordering it mild, but we had a "tendertongue" with us... Maybe I'm out of fire breathing practice because we thought the mild - like others on yelp - was definitely hot enough.  First you have to peel the saucy shrimp or crawfish while it's hot out of the steamer -- but then you realize once things cool down to the touch that your tongue is still on fire.   We ordered rolls -- and that was the fun part -- sopping up all the great sauce (since they don't use newspapers on the tables, this is possible...)We thought the shrimp was definitely better than the crawfish.  They were out of dungeness and blue crabs tonight -- altho had snow crab but we were worried about the texture -- and honestly the shrimp were really good.The 13 year old is a shrimp-oholic...We ended up ordering another pound for him and the cajun fries for us...really good crispy fries, too.  We girls all had beers -- perfect with the shrimp -- but honestly, once you start eating, you have to keep going -- because you're so slimed, you really can't stop and drink...I'd say we easily went through a roll of paper towels.  And they cleared us up before our 2nd round of shrimp and gave us a new plastic tablecloth and fresh drinks.  Service was genuine -- a little flakey and not really clued into the real reason they were out of crab -- but...does that really matter?  Beware, it's very easy to miss if you're heading from the Strip westbound -- fortunately it's on the right hand side if you're heading west on Spring Mt before you reach Decatur.  Then the easiest way to get back to Henderson is to take Decatur back to the 215 -- another warning -- they're doing some crazy roadwork on Decatur headed south -- so be careful -- the road is badly marked, dark and nuts...We'll definitely go back -- but this is not for the faint of heart, anyone who doesn't like to eat with their hands or has an aversion to plastic.  Our total bill came to $70 and change before tip.  but we had 4 pounds of shrimp (16 - 20s), 1/2 pound of sausage, 1 pound of crawfish, about a dozen rolls, 1 pc of corn and 1 potato, cajun fries, 5 beers and used up more wetnaps than I'm sure any table has ever before...so we thought it was completely fair.(Naturally, we stopped at Sheridan's frozen custard on the way home...)Fun Friday!
4	Much, much credit to Hot 'N Juicy for getting the peppery Cajun ideal right. Too many restaurants label something Cajun and then bring out Creole, or vice versa. Hot 'N Juicy gets it right.This is a very casual restaurant. Thin plastic table covers and the big roll of paper towels on each table are a very smart way of handling the mess left behind after handling and eating their bags of food. Yes, bags. Crawfish and shrimp and crab are offered by the pound and everything is served in plastic bags with their own spice and butter. Ordering more is simple: the service is attentive and enthusiastic.My highest rec is for the shrimp. They're huge and easy to peel. The crawfish are on the small side, and the crab are a lot of work for a little benefit. They do also have sausage, served cut in big pieces. I was lucky to visit with about a dozen people and no one had any complaints with anything they tried.Our table also looked like the remains of some Roman feast when we were done. Caesars Palace eat your heart out.
5	If you don't mind getting messy and stinky, this place is heaven. I once made the mistake of eating here on a lunch break from work. Bad idea. This is full body contact food! You have to be willing to dig in and get intimate with your bag o' stuff...whether it's crawfish or shrimp.I love spicy food, but the mild sauce is plenty spicy. I can't imagine really going for a higher heat level. But the sauce is finger licking good. And if you're into making your own soup stock, take those tiny carcasses home and make some of the best seafood stock you've ever had. This place is usually pretty empty and I wish I could get more people to go. Las Vegas needs wonderful delights like Hot n Juicy!
5	This place is full of WinThe establishment itself has a very laid back feel to it and comfortable, which is important because you're going to be sitting there for a bit pealing. Nice sized Crawfish some small ones occasionally but on average they're pretty nicely sized. David N. is my older brother and i was the one sweating across the table trying to water the heat away with Coronas. Very close to ordering  a glass of milk. Not much i can say about this place without repeating what others have said so going to leave it at that.WIN
4	Yowzer!!!! I think kitchen made a mistake when they served us a DEFCON 5 spicy crawfish. My brother was sweating profusely across the table. As if the 2 lbs of crawfish weren't enough, we saved the corn on the cob for last. Soaking with crawfish's juice, we took 2 bites and almost fell off our chairs. For the record, we ordered DEFCON 4 crawfish which I had plenty of time before. I thought of Grace K.'s review of Wingstop (http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?q=hot+wings&userid=_pIG1_s6Bzymn1zeyLjBHQ) and couldn't decide whether to laugh or to cry. I decided on both and barely managed to keep the car straight driving home.Mace to the face, eh!!!This place is the food equivalent of Golf. You pay for as much of the abuse as you can take. Excellent specialty food and attentive service. Highly recommended!!!=)
5	Food: 4.5 starsService: 4.5 starsPrice: 4. 5 starsThis restaurant is located in a small not-so-good looking plaza off the strip near the Chinatown area. Based on the reviews from Yelp, we ordered one pound of shrimp $9.99, not the crawfish as people said they don't taste as good as the shrimp. We also ordered 1/2 dozen of the sausage $2.50 and a bowl of Etouffee soup $6.79. The Etouffee soup is like a gumbo soup, but with seafood in it. Taste super good and MUST TRY! The shrimps and the sausage came in one plastic bag. The shrimps were yummy and juicy, but not spicy at all because we ordered it in mild. Next time we would try medium. The sausage wasn't very special, so we will skip it next time. The service was great. The waiters were very polite and attentive. They refilled our soda three times. I like the plastic bib that they passed out because you will need it if you don't want to get stains on your shirt. It's a great experience. I highly recommend it!
5	Wow this was as close to home( New Orleans ) as you can get here in Las Vegas. I will start by saying please don't let the location stop you from visiting this restaurant. I live in Henderson and do not go across town to often to eat. It is a simple family owned place that we need more of in this town. The food is simple to order its all by the pound. We ordered 2 pounds of shrimp (Our favorite), 2 pounds of crawfish (very good) both were mild with the hot and juicy special sauce. They tasted great but if you want more of the Louisiana taste get the 2ND sauce I think it is called Juicy Cajun. We also tried the fried soft shell crab with fries (oh so good), Oysters on the half shell(fresh and good size, from the gulf not salty but I think its because of the season), potato's, corn, and sausage (potato's and corn are a must have, the sausage was ok) and last we got the etouffee (this was ok my wife really liked it I thought it had to many bell peppers but thats just me). There is more on the menu but all I could try this visit. I will return for sure the food is really that good. I put $$$ for the price because I ordered more than we needed but you will spend 25 to 35 per person easy.Please visit this restaurant they are doing so much perfect. The service was very friendly. Thank you to everyone for your reviews. It was the reason I had to try it.Went back for some live blue crab and everything was as good as the 1st time. The blue crab is now my favorite. The bread rolls also are a must have to eat with the sauce. I know this place is different but if you love seafood please give it a try.
5	saw this place while i was driving to get lunch across the street.  ended up eating less at lunch so i could try some crawfish, despite the 100+ degree weather.  lol.decor is simple...reminds me alot of the places down in new orleans.  you're reminded that you're there for the food.  plastic on the tables and a roll of paper towels lets you know that you're in for a messy (but good) time.  plastic bibs are a nice touch, too.the crawfish were very good-sized, some almost as big as a palm.  very meaty.  the drinks are bottomless, which is good for some ppl that can't take very spicy food.the waitress did a great job explaining all the different sauces they had (there's a good number of them).  we tried both the garlic and the hot-n-juicy.  the hot-n-juicy is a combo of the garlic and cajun, so that's prob the best bet, as crawfish need to be spicy.  the medium-spicy barely registered for me.  the extra-spicy was somewhat mild, compared to new orleans.  apparently there's also an extra-extra-spicy, too, but i didn't want to risk the rest of my group's taste buds.the only complaint i would have is that there is a strong raw-garlic flavour to the sauces.  if you don't like that, then i'd say you're not gonna like this place.
3	I love crawfish, so we decided to yelp a crawfish place in Vegas. This place isn't too far from the strip when you take a cab, just make sure you get the cab's phone number so you can call them when you're done. I would not recommend walking here. When we first walked in, I kind of got a bad vibe from the guy who greeted us first. Actually it wasn't a greeting, he just said to where ever. It wasn't what he said, because they say that to everyone, but it was how he said it,. So I was like oh no, will I enjoy what we are about to eat. The waitress that took our order was friendly and smiled a lot, so I felt a little better. We ordered the Hot n' Spicy,extra spicy, which is basically all the sauces combined and the Garlic Butter, medium, for our crawfish. It was actually pretty tasty. The flavor was good and not overpowering. The group that ate the spicy didn't think it was spicy enough and the group that ate the medium thought that it was a little too spicy. Go figure. At first we thought they switched our order, but we ordered some more extra spicy and they still thought that it was not spicy enough. We order the Garlic butter medium crab and the crab was cooked well, not overcooked at all. We also ordered Cajun fires, which were ok. Nothing to brag about. I would for sure come back to this place when come back to Vegas.
3	This place is a direct copy of The Boiling Crab restaurants in So Cal.  Everything on the menu is almost exactly the same even the different spices.  The one unique thing that we noticed was that this place had a fried soft shell crab platter, which you only get like 1 crab or just barely more.The shrimp didn't seem as fresh as what you'd get at Boiling Crab as most of the heads were falling off the shrimp in our bags.  The fried fish platter also was on the smaller side, 3 pieces of fish.  The cajun fries were not what you'd expect, it looked like they sprinkled on the spices as they were in the basket so the spices are not really distributed evenly on each fry. The service was a step down from Boiling Crab, it's slower, they aren't really on the ball for drink refills.Overall the food was still pretty good, if I could give it 3.5 stars I would, but for me 4 stars is a place I'd recommend unconditionally.  I'm not sure if I would recommend Hot N Juicy Crawfish, because I know how much better it could be.
3	So, me, my bf, and our friend roll up on Hot n Juicy. When I invited my friend, she says, "Oh, crawfish. I haven't had crawfish since Miami. We used to go to crawfish parties all they time and they'd have BUCKETS of crawfish." So I'm getting all riled up. I've never had crawfish. So we get there and each of the tables are covered with a plastic table cloth and there's a roll of paper towels. I'm like, "Aw, shet. Things are gonna get messy." So I order a pound of crawfish ($9), hot n juicy special seasoning, mild. Because I'm a pussy like that, I have spice issues. What. Bf ordered the same thing, but spicy. The waiter gives each of us a bib that says "Let's get crackin'" and has a lobster on it. Let's get crackin' indeed. I thought I was gonna be the only asshole with a bib on, but apparently everyone does it. So it must be alright. Like unprotected, premarital sex. And crack. I was looking forward to this all day long. I had a three-hour long, GRUELING work out, and all I could think about was some hot n juicy craw daddies. The waiter dropped our crawfish in plastic bags. Little crawfish in a puddle of awesome spices. When we started to dig in, we realized we didn't know what we were doing. And our friend that went to crawfish parties in Miami? Didn't actually eat the crawfish there. She just drank beer. So we asked the waiter for help and he obliged. Once we got the hang of it, it was all cherry. It just seemed like a lot of work for a small meat yield. In the beginning, I couldn't bring myself to suck the juices out of the head. But then I removed myself from the idea that they were once living animals. With eyes. That stare at you. There are places that are good for drinking beer with food. Not only is Hot n Juicy good for beers with food, its not only perfect, its down right necessary. I almost didn't oder a beer, but halfway through my hot n juicy and spicy meal, I had to get a beer. I ordered fries, too. Which came in handy in soaking up the extra juices.  The seasoning was so good. I was licking off the excess from my fingers and pulled away a stub. For the two dozen crawfish, four beers, and fries, we paid $46 before tip; average $15 per person. I would not recommend going here hoping to feast on a budget. (I hit this place up, because of Famous Teri's review http://www.yelp.com/biz/hot-n-juicy-crawfish-las-vegas#hrid:1Kovc8dDQe3xUhdKabbpFw) * off the strip, non-casino
4	This place is finger lickin' good.  I've been dying to go to this place ever since the review at Las Vegas Weekly http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/news/2008/jul/10/succulent-carnage/The picture was too enticing to bear so I drove down to Chinatown and took some takeout.  The pound of crawfish and fried soft shell crab smelt incredibly good on the way home.  Firstly, this was the first time I've eaten crawfish so seeing the little buggers sort of eeked me out.  Twisting the head, pulling the first part of the shell and then pinching the tail as stated in the article was tricky at first.  Thats a lot of work for a small piece of succulent meat.  The all in one sauce has that spicy touch and is delicious.  Will definately go back there again.
4	Oh, hell yes. The first time I went, I didn't like it THAT much. The second time, I wised up and went straight for the snow crab legs ($14?). Its much more expensive than the crawdads, but yields way more meat. Hon n Juicy seasoning, mild. I have so much fun eating here. Its so fun watching noobs struggle with the food. Always a beer or two. Always some fries to soak up the juizez. Mm mm, bitch.
5	Never been to anyplace like this before and we are completely hooked! Now we wish that Las Vegas is only 10 minutes away. The place was cozy, very clean and our server was very gracious and attentive. The food A++++!!! We ordered 1/2 dozen oysters, a lb of blue crabs, shrimps, and  crawfish, a basket of soft shell crab with cajun fries, and three beers - for only $59. Unbelievable!!! (Yes, we were starving, we just came from the boneyard tour). You can never ever find anything affordable like this in the Bay Area! And the seasoning, hot n juicy in medium.. arrrghhh. so good!! i can't help dipping my fries and shrimps on this special sauce. Now hubby and I can't stop kicking ourselves for not going twice, but it's all good, we're going back to Vegas this Labor Day and Hot N Juicy is on top of our list!
4	10 dollars for a pound of cooked shrimp or crawfish?  It's a good deal.  Get the combo flavor, it's their most popular and for a reason.  Lots of butter and herbs and spices.  Their food is spicy so order their mild which is actually medium.The crawfish wasn't interesting after the first one. They look like aliens and you can see their prominent lungs after you take off the shell attached to the head. The tail meat is about the size of my thumb's nail.  Don't try breaking open the claw, it's hard to do and the meat is so insubstantial that it's simply not worth the time to get to it.   I don't recommend the crawfish unless you are patient and on a diet.  It would have helped if shell crackers were available for the crawfish.The shrimp is much more interesting and worthwhile, you can really taste the lovely butter mix when you eat their little arms.  However, don't suck out the heads because the heads taste very bitter!  They don't devein the shrimp so expect to eat shrimp poop.  The whole eating process is amazingly messy (the name Hot N Juicy is appropriate) and expect to stay for about an hour at least to take off the shells of each small creature.  This is definitely not the place for a date unless you find butter and shrimp poop sexy.Definitely order the corn, it absorbs the butter and spices beautifully. This is a place to enjoy a messy but delicious meal. I recommend their shrimp.  Service was fast and friendly.
4	This is my first time trying Hot N Juicy Crawfish and I have to agree with the other Yelpers when they say that the crawfish yield is not worth it.  My homegirls from NYC came to visit and I suggested that we try this place since none of us have ever tried crawfish.  So here we are 1 guy and 3 girls and we ordered 1 lb of crawfish - hot and juicy spicy sauce, 1 dungenuss crab - hot and juicy spicy sauce, 1 lb of shrimp - garlic butter sauce, cajun fries and 3 corn on the cob.The shrimp yields more meat than the crawfish, however the hot and juicy spicy sauce is the way to go if you can take the heat!!  It'll get your lips burning at the end of the meal.  The dungenuss crab was the star of the night for us.  It was 1.8 lbs and about $28.  We had it made with the hot and juicy spicy sauce and it came whole, which means you had to do the dirty work yourself.  Getting down and dirty with crab is my thing!  I go to any buffet and ill sit there and eat crab legs all night long!  Anyways, the sauce and the crab was fantastic!  It was sooo good we ended up going to the supermarket the next day and bought 4 two pound dungeness crabs, one for each of us, so we could make some more crab. LoL Anyways, 4 pounds of seafood and 5 beers later, we were stuffed.  We enjoyed our food.  We would suggest the crawfish if you've never had them before, but the shrimp is better.  Must get the dungeness crab if you are willing to spend the money.  Total charge was $80 including tip, not bad for 4 people.  I will definitely go back there with more out of town friends.
4	With so few choices for crawfish in Vegas, Hot N Juicy has created quite a name for themselves.  Imagine my surprise when I saw a huge "CRAWFISH" sign in front of Pho Kim Long.  Now, I believe in some healthy competition and I did venture over there for some crawfish to see if they measure up.Sure, the price for crawfish is now $9.99/lb when I went last week.  I'm definitely curious about the shrimp that everyone else raves about, but I can't seem to stray away from the crawfish.  The head juice is so good!  The Hot N Juicy flavor is so tasty and leaves me wanting more.  The Big F and I always usually go for two pounds a piece, and sometimes a little more.  The shells are pretty thick right now, and dark.  So your fingers will definitely be torn up by the time you're done.  Service - it could be better.  The last few times we went, we had to ask for the limes and salt/pepper concoction.  Not so fun when your friends already got their crawfish and you're just waiting for the stuff.  It takes awhile to get their attention because the staff usually congregates behind the counter and kicks it back there.  When you do get your food, they get better about coming around to see if you need refills on your beverages.  Then again, I guess it depends on who your waitperson is that day.Crawfish over at Pho Kim Long is going for $8.50/lb.  They throw in more potatoes, corn, and sausage than Hot N Juicy, but the crawfish is not good.  It's worth the extra money to eat at this place instead.  You'll find some old or overly cooked stuff at the other place.  I would love to eat more often at this place, but all that butter must be bad for me, right?  Who wants to meet up with the Big F and I for some crawfish anyway?
5	four days after the visit and i'm still sweating garlic!!  not just great crawfish, but also king crab legs, snow crab, and oysters.  yum yum yum!  i'd go back to vegas just to go here.....and to take a hit at the blackjack table :)
4	Ever since I have found the joys of Boiling Crab in California. ( http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/06/whole-sha-bang.html )Since we were taking a family vacation and the parental units like good and cheap foods, I thought hey it would be nice to go Cajun and I came across this place.For the full review and pics go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/07/hot-n-juicy-in-vegas.htmlI don't know if this place or Boiling Crab came first, but I think Boiling Crab probably because they have a bunch of stores.  Either way they are both pretty good and a good value. ^_^ We ordered Shrimp, Crawfish, Fried Catfish, Wings, and more.  The sauce was good for the shrimp and crawfish.  It's light on the celery, which I like.  We got a bowl of rice to eat the rice with and that was really good.It was too bad that they ran out of the gumbo.  The service was friendly and the food was good.  I think we decided that the shrimp is a better deal because you barely get any meat in the crawfish, but those crawfish are good! Just too much work! =P lol The prices at Boiling Crab are cheaper but Hot n Juicy Crawfish was a great find.My family really enjoyed it and the bill was very reasonable.  If you like Cajun food and you are in Vegas then definitely stop by! ^_-
5	First time I tried a place like this. Love it! We had garlic crab, hot/juicy shrimp, lemon crawfish. My favorite was the crawfish even though theres not much meat. Its fun to eat, and damn good.
5	What a great restaurant! A real local gem!There is a very simple menu: crab, shrimp, crawfish etc. that you order by the pound. You decide if you want it spiced mild, medium, strong or extra strong. We had the softshell crab appetizer, 2 pounds of crawfish and a pound of snow crab legs. Mmmmm delicious!Be prepared to eat with your hands and to get them covered in juice and sauce, but that only adds to the sensous quality of the experience.The wait staff are all sweet and helpful; they seem genuinely happy that you're there, and if it's your first time they'll lead you through the challenge of what to order.On a side note: I stupidly forgot my wallet on the table when I left. About an hour later (I still hadn't realized it was missing), one of the girls who works there showed up on my doorstep with the wallet. I wanted to kiss her!And I thought I couldn't love this restaurant any more than I already did!
5	I just had this.  Crawfish out of season but still delicious!  Man.  We happened to be the only people there, so the service was also excellent.  I drive 30 min to get there from henderson.  Worth it!
5	This place is so good. The quality and price are spot on.  The flavors are amazing and the menu is surprisingly extensive.  We had two pounds of crawfish, and it was exactly as I had hoped: juicy, spicy, savory with just the right amount of acid to cut through the generous amount of butter and not leave you feeling too disgusted.We also tried the cajun fries, which were delicious and a half order of the andoulle sausage, both of which were delicious.  The main attraction, of course, is the crawfish.  It's fun.  It's messy and I like how the restaurant doesn't try to take itself too seriously.  This place is definitely a gem and I would recommend that everyone go at least once to try it out.
4	Although I feel like the flavors of Boiling Crab (in Alhambra) are better, I like it.  We ordered 1 lb shrimp of all the the flavors and it was perfect for a Friday night pig out.  My favorite was the garlic - all the bits of the garlic and the all the juices dripping of the shrimp.  Tasty!  Also, the deep fried catfish with tartar sauce was yummy and the cajun fries that come with the catfish were perfect -Nice and crispy and seasoned with the cajun seasoning!  yum yum
5	Let me preface this by saying that I will be forever loyal to Cajun Corner on Brookhurst.   However, anytime I'm craving some cajun in Vegas, this would definitely be the place I would go to.  I came by with my parents when we were visiting Vegas over winter break cause my dad is a seafood fanatic and loves any form of seafood.  We started with some oysters which were shucked off the shell and came with plenty of lemon and Tabasco on the side.We also had the hot n juicy shrimp with extra garlic which was fantastic, but not as spicy as I'm used to from Cajun Corner.  The crawfish was also well seasoned and had a bit more meat than I expected which was a big bonus.  My dad had the softshell crab which came with cajun fries although there wasn't that much cajun seasoning on them which was a bit disappointing because the seasoning was deliciously spicy and salty.The corn was alright, only because it somehow didn't soak up the juice as it does at Cajun Corner (maybe I'm just biased)The reason that I'm willing to give this place five stars despite a few minor preference issues is that the wait staff is great.  The waitress who took our order was fantastic, very nice and somehow managed to memorize all of the things that we ordered with modifications and had it all come out correctly.  That was impressive enough in my book considering that our ordered included different levels of spice, amounts of garlic and there was just a bunch of stuff to memorize.  I will definitely be back when the craving for cajun in Vegas strikes
5	What fun! and what a mess!!!We got crawfish with the hot n juicy sauce and then the shrimp with the lemon garlic. At one point, I was peeling shrimp and and a little leg flung out of my slippery fingers and nearly landed in my eye! lots of laughs. And thank goodness we ordered medium cuz that was pretty spicy! yes i'm a wimp, but i couldn't eat the whole thing if we had gotten hot.  Our waiter was super nice and helpful when we couldn't decide what to get.  Another great thing: it didn't hurt too much when I took out my contacts later that night- only a slight stinging. I guess next time I should wear my glasses (to also protect from flying sea bugs!)One problem: obviously your clothes stink for the rest of the night, but my purse still smells like hot n juicy 5 days later... oh well.
5	I went back twice in the last two weeks.  Prices have gone up!  $10.99/lb for crawfish! It's still SO good!  The crawfish is so fresh right now and easy to peel and just juicy good.Both times we got the Hot n Juicy Special, but spices ranged from Mild, Medium to Spicy.  I think Mild and Medium are pretty good because you can really enjoy the flavors without your mouth burning.  I was still smelling like garlic three days later.  The Husband loved it!  (Well, not the part that I went without him, but that I was still smelling like it!  Haha!) Service was better, but then again I went during lunch time when it wasn't busy.  Brought out of town visitors both times (family ppls) and they were loving this stuff and are craving for it!  4.5 stars
4	OMG yummy!  This place had me licking my fingers, literally!  From seeing the reviews off yelp, we got off the plane and hailed a taxi straight to this place, which was only about 10 minutes from the airport.  The decor is low key and straight to the point...meaning they have no utensils and only a roll of paper towels on the table.We ordered the fried catfish and chips and one pound of snowcrabs in their signature hot and juicy special.  The Fried catfish was so good!  The crust was perfect and the fish was so juicy on the inside.  The snowcrabs are to die for!  It comes in a plastic bag with the crab drenched in the sauce.  I swear for at least 5 minutes, you could not hear anyone talk because they were just eating.  We also ordered Fried Soft Shell Crab but they didn't have it =(  If you love cajun and you love seafood and shellfish, you must come here !
4	When my cousin took us there I was excited to eat some seafood. Me and my family loves to eat seafood. We had ordered the crab legs with garlic butter, shrimp with garlic butter and the craw fish with the hot n juicy sauce but mild. It was too delicious and spicy hot! I bet the hot was going to be very very spicy hot.
5	My husband and I stayed in Vegas for a week and went here twice!  We loved it!  I could only take the "no spice" but my husband went for the medium.  We got the Hot n Juicy spice combination and it was delish!  Make sure you order enough beer to wash the feast down, can't wait to go back!  YUM!
4	The food at this place rocks. Don't take a person here though if they don't like spicy food or making a mess when they eat. We made that mistake so one of the members of our party didn't eat. Also, the food is VERY messy but they give you a bib as protection. All of the food is very spicy and very delicious. We got crawfish which I hadn't had before and there wasn't all that much meat. I also got the King Crab and that was awesome! The fried calamari was also good.
5	Easily craving crawfish, especially since the Husband missed out the last two times I went.Went last Sunday and the place is packed!  Dang, it's getting busy in there and it's only going to get busier!  Started off with two pounds of crawfish ($10.99/lb) of their Hot N Juicy Special seasoning with medium heat.  Easy to peel shells, juicy and flavorful crawfish, what's there not to love?Inquired about the Dungeness crab, $17.99/lb.  They gave us a 1.7-pounder and it arrived whole in a bag.  Started off with the back legs and moved up to the claws.  The meat was sweet and the crab was fresh.  Deciding on how to move about the body, broke the head off and it was crab head heaven.  Loads and loads of crab fat/head etc. and so bad for our cholesterol!  But it was so good, really good.  We were scooping that stuff up and dipping it into the sauce.  Yum yum! Finally moving onto the body, broke it in half and dug into the lump meat.  Really sweet meat and just good stuff.  Nice treat from having only crawfish.  They did a last call as we were chowing on the crab, which was fine for us at the time.Come to today, a few hours earlier, the Husband looks at me and says "I want to go back for more crawfish."  I realize that because we ordered only two pounds the other day, we just teased ourselves.  (We're used to two pounds each.)  Then my brother calls and asks for the address of this place.  Is he in town...no, this weekend he will be with his boys.  Uh, if you're gonna go, we'll probably want to go with you too so let us know...Yeah, we like it that much.  Our cholesterol numbers aren't looking too good at this point.
4	Do you like to have your fingers stinging and smelling like garlic for days? Then this place is for you!!I went here after finding it on YELP and my gambling buddy and I had the fried calamari, two pounds of shrimp, one pound of king crab legs, corn, hot N juicy style MILD and used a WHOLE MESSSSS OF NAPKINS.  It was FABULOUS.  The only thing I would try differently next time is get it medium in spiciness.
4	I've only been to one other place like this and it was in Southern California. I don't think I can give this place 5 stars with a clear conscience because it probably isn't one of the best crab boil places out there. I haven't visited enough of them to truly judge.That said, this place is pretty good. It's really nice if you want to catch a game or something because they have multiple tv screens set up in the restaurant.  You'll be eating with your hands so you don't have to focus any of your attention towards coordinating utensils with your food. Just peel and eat.I favor the shrimp, snow crab, and sausage. They also make pretty good cajun fires, made better when you dip them in the 'Hot N Juicy' sauce.It's a fun, extremely casual, place to eat. It's impossible not to get messy, but the bib helps. Worth a visit.
3	Wanna try something different, have lots of fun eating and just have a good night out?  Then grab some friends, your wallet and head on over the Hot N Juicy Crawfish.This is a place that you have to try ... once .. just for the experience.Went on a weeknight for the experience.  Order the dungenous crab (they were out), blue crab (they were out too) and settled with: crawfish, shrimp and alaskan king crab, and an order of cajun fries.The dinner might have been better with dungenous crab, but overall was just OK.  The crawfish -- there isn't anything there.  So little meat.  Brings back memories of  "Where's the beef" commercials.The shrimp was good and the king crab was OK.  You can tell that the crab was frozen.  The cajun fries were good and spicy.Remember to dress comfortably & wash your hands when you get there.  You eat with your hands here and there are lots of paper towels on the table for you to use.Having tried Crawfish, I probably won't return on the next trip to LV.
4	Food is good infused with Asian flavors sells sea food by the pound.Taste is spicy and buttery it is what we call a heart attack on a plate.:)
5	Where do I even begin?? This place is an absolute blast! My wife and I decided to give it a try after reading some of the reviews here on yelp and we were not let down. Everything is very casual, plastic table cloths and foam cups for example. We ordered a pound of crawfish each, one pound with the hot and juicy seasoning and one with the Lousiana, both medium heat. They weren't kidding when they said the heat is one higher than you expect! The Lousiana was much hotter then we thought! But so so juicy, I was licking my fingers clean despite the burning, lol. Yes, the crawfish doesn't have much meat in it, its more an experience then filling meal. We tried the ettoufe (I think it is spelled that way) as an appetizer and it made the perfect start to the meal and were were very happy with the choice. To the people who complain about the crab not being up to par.. keep in mind the name of the restaurant! Its a wonderful experience all in all and I highly recommend the place, just be prepared to make an extreme mess and dress appropriately!
4	Dear husband and I just got back from our oh, I dunno, sixth visit to this place?  We reek of garlic and our lips are burning but our bellies are very, very happy.Sometimes we order takeout and drive roundtrip from Henderson to get it.We had the cajun-style crawfish this time, two pounds each - as well as the catfish.  We wanted the etoufee, but they were out.  Hubby said the next time we discuss going to Hush Puppies for catfish, remind him to go to Hot n' Juicy instead.  I got the medium spiciness and hubby got the spicy and we were both wincing at the heat.  The Blue Moon beer helped with that.I have to say that I prefer the shrimp to the crawfish - for the "more meat" argument that previous reviewers have noted.  I also like ordering sausage to add to the mix.I have yet to try the dungeness or blue crab, I guess I never go during the right season.I'd give this place a five if I hadn't had crawfish in Louisiana.  No place beats Dwights in Lafayette.
5	I must admit, when the taxi dropped me off, I was nervous ... it doesn't look like much from the outside. ... but the minute you walk in, like a SLAP IN THE FACE, the garlic buttery cajun smell hits you and you know you are in for some good eatin' Once inside the restaurant is clean and there is plenty of room. The tables are covered in plastic and there are professionals here that actually bring surgical gloves to do their grubbin' The waitress recommended a mild hot n' juicy seasoning for our shellfish feast, which was the perfect amount of heat for me - might be too much for some. The crawfish were the best but the shrimp & king crab legs come in close second. It was such a fun experience for all of us, we had a blast, probably the most fun I have ever had at lunch!
5	Don't be alarmed when you drive up, it might not look like much from the outside (or the inside to be honest) but GO IN!It was awesome. Better etouffe than we had in MS. The crawfish were delicious and the beer was cold and cheap. If you don't like heat, go somewhere else, the mild is hot and the spicy is outrageous. We had 1 pound of crawfish, oysters, etouffe (x2), cajun fries, and rolls (save the $1.50 and skip these) and we were so full we took some etouffe to go. If you are visiting Vegas, it is so worth the trip off the strip, by far our favorite meal in Vegas so far.
5	I have never been to an authentic crawfish place in the deep south but I can say that this tasted fantastic.It's set up knowing you're going to eat like a slob. The table is covered with plastic. Each table gets its own paper towel roll. Everyone gets a bib. and afterwards you get handiwipes. I just went to wash my hands in the bathroom.I had mild, which other places call medium. Their mild is good enough for me. Good heat without killing my mouth. shrimp and crawfish were 10.99 a pound when we went 1-2 days ago. I had a pound of each. I'm glad I tried the crawfish but my favorite was the shrimp simply because there was more meat and I liked that it was sweeter and larger bits to eat. I was stuffed so next time If having the crawfish only, get 2 pounds as there is more shell than meat. If shrimp, I think a pound is just fine. I saw someone else get the king crab legs and I may order that next time but I have a hell of a time getting the meat out of those so I may not if they are not pre cut down the length.I had the hot and juicy special which is a equal mixture of their 3 sauces( cajun, lemon pepper, and garlic butter). I'm not sure what it was, but there was an underlying orange and it tasted fantastic! Maybe it wasn't orange but it didn't taste like lemon. Perhaps it's part of their boil, or an accent in their lemon pepper sauce but wow. Really complimented the food and went so yummy with the shrimp.I want to try the sauces alone next time but it's going to be hard to do because I know I like the mixture already.I ordered ice tea, and a bowl of rice in addition to my seafood boils. The ice tea was ok. Not fantastic but good, but then I love a really really strong tea.The rice was the perfect compliment for peeling seafood over. It caught all of the juices and was tasty eating when I was done peeling. Yum yum good!!!My husband had the catfish with fries. He finished way before I did and that was a bit of a bummer because the best part about eating there is peeling with your friends. Friends don't let friends eat there without ordering a peeling meal.The "Man versus Food" guy is going to be there on Thursday but I really would only go if you're interested in crowds. Nah..not for me. I just want their good food. I don't need a show to tell me something I already know. Go if you like but man it's going to be a zoo.
5	dang!!!! i love eating with my hands...and IT DOES NOT GET BETTER THAN THIS!!!
5	Just like the food in the big easy. It is sweet to see it in vegas.  King crab in garlic butter ( both my favorite ) med heat is perfect HOT. I will be back
4	After a long day of walking and shopping, we were hungry for some crawfish.  And thanks to yelp, we found a winner in Vegas!This place truly lives up to their name.  We ordered two pounds of shrimp and two pounds of crawfish...all medium spiciness with garlic butter seasoning.  We should've ordered a pound with different seasoning and heat....to test our taste buds.  I'm eyeing the Hot n Juicy Special and Lemon Pepper seasonings for my next visit.  I think the garlic butter had more garlic than butter....extremely potent!  The crawfish was very spicy at medium...but we loved it.  Some of these crustaceans were larger in size than at most places I've gone to.  The shrimp was my favorite though.  Same spices as the crawfish, but more juicy and meaty.  We also ordered sausage, corn, and Cajun fries...which were all just okay for me.  Customer service was top notch here...I just wish they were open later than 10 pm.  We learned that the Man vs. Food show will be taping at this restaurant.  With their hot n juicy menu, it's evident why this place will be premiered.
5	My first experience was a wonderful one.  Not a big fan of crawfish, but loved the shrimp soaked in hot n juicy sauce.  I can inhale a whole pound myself.  Mmmm... protein yay!!!!! Tasted my friend's super spicy crawfish, I swear my lips were comparable to Jay Z's.  Service was fast and friendly.  Except for the homeboy with the glue on black nails.  I hope he wasnt the one cooking up of crawfish.  God knows what is in those freakin press on.  YUCK.  Price is very very reasonable.  The pound of shrimp purchased was only $9.99.  No need for rice.  Must get cajun fries for $1, a dozen of sausage for $4, corn $.60 each, and potato $.60 each (potato is not that exciting, id rather get a corn).
5	Thanks to fellow yelpers, we decided to give Hot N Juicy Crawfish a try.  We weren't disappointed.  The table was lined with plastic.  The seafood and corn were boiled in thick plastic bags with your choice of sauce.  We had 2 lbs of shrimp, 1 lb of crawfish, 1 lb of snow crab legs, a basket of catfish and cajun fries, 5 bowls of rice, 3 corn on the cobs, all in that delicious hot n juicy sauce, spicy.  It was mouthwatering good!!  If you are freaked out with shrimp and crawfish all still dressed, go for it!  It was the best seafood I've had in a long time.   There was a ton of garlic in the sauce.  So good!!Paper towels are provided for your messy hands.  There was a couple who was from Louisiana who actually sought out this restaurant and they also loved the food!  Get there quick!  BTW, don't forget to wear your bib so you don't get that sauce all over your clean clothes!
4	I came across the postings for Hot n Juicy crawfish and I just had to go try.Yummy! I had a pound of crawfish Hot n Juicy. It was very tasty and the price was very reasonable ($9.99 for a lb).I only gave 4 stars since they didn't have gumbo and the service was pretty slow even though it was Sunday afternoon, and only 4 groups in the store.
4	Been meaning to visit here when I'm in town on business, and finally was able to come here the other night. Thanks to yelpers, I now have another great place to add to my list.This was not only a great place to grab some food, but reasonably priced with very friendly servers and a fun experience. Just make sure you don't have any paper cuts because you will be using your hands! And if you get some of the spicy seasoning, then beware!They do provide you with a bib, which I needed. Actually, I needed two since I ripped the first one and it became unusable. Fail on my part. Coupled with the plastic on the table and the paper towels, you do not wear your Sunday best here, unless you'd like it covered in their delicious sauces.I had the shrimp, calamari, and a bowl of rice. Wanted to try the crawfish but I had a craving for shrimp. Maybe next time, I come to Vegas often!
4	It's cheap.  It's messy.  It's fun.  Decided to give this place a try since its right across one of our local favorites (Pho So 1).  Was not disappointed.We did just crawfish and a lot of it.  So it comes in a plastic bag filled with whatever sauce you want.  Be careful, the spicy sauce is VERY hot.   Just open the bag and begin tearing into them little crawfish.  Ample paper towels are provided at the table.It's not fancy.  Service is friendly, local, and appropriate for this place.Worth a try.
4	Finally (after the 6th mention of "I'd really like to try Hot & Juicy"), we made it there last night.  We ordered the catfish basket, king crab legs (juicy cajun- mild) and the pound of shrimp (hot & juicy- medium) and corn on the cob. First off, if you don't want to do a little work for your food, don't come here. You have to crack the crabs, peel the shrimp, etc. Second, it is messy, but that is part of the fun. We wore the plastic bibs, we went through a roll of napkins and we still had sauce everywhere and we put all the shells right on the garbage bag wrapped table.  We both personally enjoyed the juicy cajun sauce on the crab just a little more then the hot & juicy we had on the shrimp. I think it would have been better for us to order mild, because the medium was still really spicy. We liked the catfish, but we took the breading off and dipped it in our cajun sauce. It was really good that way! The fries that came with the catfish were so-so, nothing to write home about. The king crab was a little over $20 for two legs. I would have liked a little more of that, it didn't seem like a whole pound to me but man was it good. I had to have my boyfriend crack it for me though cause king crab legs will stab you repeatedly in the hands if you suck at cracking them. I have never eaten anything with the head still attached (well at least not that I can recall). I thought it would bother me, but when the shrimp came, I just tore that sucker apart and dug in. Well worth the work, I must say.  The corn was delicious as well. Yum. Overall, a great place and lots of fun. I would really recommend it!!
3	Some friends found this place on Yelp so we decided to give it a try!  55 reviewers can't be wrong!  4.5 stars?  I'm there!  Wait, I think these 55 people have never tried crawfish anywhere else =/I actually can't say too much about the crawfish because I ordered a pound of shrimp.  Based on seasoning (which would have been the same with crawfish anyway), I'd say 3 stars.  My friend's pound of crawfish came with huge crawdaddies and my shrimp were pretty big, too so thumb's up for that!  I ordered the Hot n Juicy Special, which is probably all the others mixed together and was satisfied with my shrimp.  However, I ordered medium and it wasn't spicy at all.  I ordered half a dozen sausages with my shrimp and they were big pieces.  I also ordered a side of corn on the cob but they forgot it so I had to remind them.  When it came out, I took a bite and made the ugliest face ever.  I threw the rest away because it was bitter and drenched in too much seasoning (but I can't really complain about the second part).  I tried my friend's order of Cajun Fries (medium) and THOSE were spicy!  The fries came out crunchy and fat (skinny fat, not fat fat, if you know what I mean lol), which were yummy-o!I also tried my friend's deep fried soft shell crab and I don't think I'm a big fan of soft shell crab (I don't even love it in sushi rolls).  However, he enjoyed it.The decor is much like any other crawfish restaurant, it was spacious and the setting was comfortable.  The service is mediocre; no smiling faces but they refilled my drink before I realized I even needed a refill!Overall, I like you Hot n Juicy.  You didn't disappoint me (but that may have been because I already knew nothing would ever beat Boiling Crab!)  I love that everything was BIG and that the seasoning didn't suck.  I recommend this to anyone who wants to try crawfish in every city you visit, you won't be disappointed but you won't come out thinking it's the best place in the world either.
4	Try rolling their chicken wings in their sauce that ends up at the bottom of the shrimp/crawfish/seafood bags!  =D
5	This place is awesome.  The best crawdads I have eaten since I left Louisiana 13 yrs ago.  This is my new favorite restaurant.  I am already planning my return.  I had my mud bugs the only way I know them, cajun and spicy.  I quickly popped and pinched my way through 3lbs of the little critters.  Maybe next visit I will go for 4lbs.  Be prepared to make a mess and wear the bib unless you want decorate your shirt.Eating here was a blast.
4	I agree, this place is awesome. I'm from Maryland and we don't really have any good seafood restaurants out here.  Anybody interested in live blue crabs and crawfish at lower prices should check out NVSeafood.com
4	We ordered 2 lbs of the crawfish & 1 lb of the snow crab legs all in the medium cajun sauce.  This came with 1 corn on the cob and 1 potato so we ordered 1 more cob and potato.The food was sooooooooooooooo good.  That cajun sauce was excellent!  Especially when biting into the corn on the cob.  My mouth got all tingly from the spices and the flavor was amazing.  We got medium and my lips still burned!  I think I want to go back and try the spicy!  =DDefinitely wear the bib!  We got the food everywhere.  Especially since we were noobs at this, we got crawfish on our faces and on each other in the beginning.Excellent place to eat!  I will definitely come back for some next time in Vegas.  Thanks yelpers!  =)
4	Hot and Juicy Crawfish - Don't know if there are other places to eat louisiana style crawfish but this place is pretty good. Best place in vegas for now! HAHA. The crawfishes are pretty decent size and the spices are good. Unlike other places I have had, when u tell them mild, it is mild. When you tell them medium, its medium and so forth. The catfish basket is so-so here. I have had better, I don't like the way it is breaded. The Dungeoness Crab is VERY GOOD. They tend to run out so if you are going there for dungeoness, you may want to call before hand. My boyfriend won a contest with 4 other people.... 20 LBS is 5 minutes! Hahahahahah!I prefer boiling crab in oc & alhambra and everywhere (they are a chain/franchise) but this is as good as it is gonna get in vegas til they open one!
3	I decided to do something off the strip for a change and we found this hole in the wall type crawfish restaurant. It was the best crawfish i had outside Texas and Louisiana. The Decor is very simple and nothing to write home about and the sides were not quite as generous as in big D. I mean it came with few potatoes and corn and we had to order extra even though we ordered a few pounds of Crawfish, crabs, peeled shrimp and crab cakes.The highlight of my day was when i had to put on the bib around my neck while i went to work with the Crawfish. we were given a roundtable and all the food was placed in the middle with a nylon table covering which made the clean up process a lot easier. They had different grades of seasoning and spices for the Crawfish so you can specify how hot you want it.I will definitely love to go back next time i am in Sin City and still up from gambling which never happens
3	Came here during our Vegas trip, saw good reviews on yelp so we decided that we have to try it. The crawfish and the shrimp were fresh but the sauces were just ok.   Both the garlic butter sauce and the house special sauce had way too much garlic on them (my breath smell like garlic for more than 2 days).  The fried cat fish and the soft shell crab weren't that good either, we had better one before.  I think the crawdaddy in San Jose and boiling crab in Orange county have much better food than here.
2	The is an UPDATED REVIEWI went back a month later..prices the same..food the same. Wonderful stuff. This time it was the service that sucked and eating out is and should always be an enjoyable experience..entertaining. Food was great. Service killed the experience. If you enjoy seafood and are willing to risk some REALLY unpredictable quality of service..then yes go enjoy yourself. Sometimes you can let a bad server roll off of your back and eat on because the food is worth it but this time I couldn't even do that because we half of our requests and orders were misplaced or forgotten. Great....I have to drive from lake las vegas to get to the middle of town where this is located. So..number one, the first thing that I ask afterwards is..was it worth the gas money and the time driving. No it wasn't. It's been awhile so the details and the names of my servers are fuzzy but in general what happened was this...1) I ordered rice with my crawdads and shrimp because I like to catch the juice in the steamed rice and eat it after I've done with the seafood. My order of seafood came but I was never told they ran out of rice. What irritates me MOST is I ordered long before the table next to me arrived to the restaurant but they got the last of the rice. Huh? So I ask about my rice and the waitress tells me they've run out. I ask if they are going to make more and she says no. So I shrug and ask for some bread and a bowl so I could spoon some seasoning into for dipping. She says..we don't have bread but we have rolls. Again...Huh? Okay..so I say that's fine and order a roll. My bread didn't come for a long time so I ask if I may have a roll from another server. He brings the roll finally. No bowl still. I just figure..alright..this is a bad night and drop asking for a bowl.2) We arrived more than an hour until they were ready to close but were told their kitchen was closing in 5 minutes...so we would be unable to order. I think..strange..but you're open for just over another hour. Later she tells other people the kitchen is closing as well but we hear them arguing a bit about ordering and she learns that the kitchen IS still open for new and later hours and she comes back to tell me we have more time to eat and order other things. I ask...hint hint hint...are you going to be making more rice? Because if so, I would still love to have a bowl. Yep! So I put in another order of rice. Yay...rice. It just isn't the same without it.3) Finally the rice gets there. The attention to our table is dismal, and there were only 8 tables in total with 2 servers waiting the entire room. We should have had decent service. I cannot comment on if this is abnormal service because in my first review we got there right when they had opened and it was wonderful. It wasn't a matter of flagging anyone down..it was a matter of getting our waiters to remember our orders or requests. My god...if remembering isn't working for you..how about this? A pen and paper.To gloss over it all we ordered a refill on the iced tea. Never got it. We ordered more rolls..never got that. Asked for a bowl. Never got it. We decided to order something new and asked for an order of calimari. NEVER got that. I'm batting 0 out of 4 here. It wasn't just bad service it was some of the worst I've had in a long time. The sort of bad service that you talk about all the way home because it feels like you just got dropped into The Twilight Zone and wonder if it were really real.We got up and paid for the bill. Asked them to cancel our calimari order. They said "What order?" Just par for the course! LOLThen we asked for a container and extra bag to put the extra shrimp in to eat later at home because as much as I disliked the service the food was REALLY WONDERFUL. Didn't get that. Should I have expected any better that night. Geez was there some kind of karmic payback at work here??? LOLWe asked again..finally on the 3rd request we got a bag and a container. I finally just broke down and asked if it were an unusually bad day...short one person on staff or something ..anything to explain the really bad experience..the missed orders, the forgetting requests, not knowing their own business hours. Etc etc etcNope, he said. Great....Anyways..I think the thing that finally topped it off for us was having to pay for the stupid bowl of rice after that fiasco...when I think would normally have been comped when a bad experience is actually brought up to staff. What's a bowl of rice cost versus having lost 2 customers and telling everyone how bad the experience was? Ah well....as an after thought I have to tell you something I discovered that was really awesome.If you go to the big asian seafood market like manilla seafood or ranch 99 you can pretty often find a really incredible thing. 5 pound bags of frozen crawdads in cajun seasoning ready to cook and eat for only 10.99 or so. Mmmmm.
4	What a mess......tasty, spicy, finger-licking, burn your lips mess.
3	Garlic garlic garlic! Holy garlic! I smelled of garlic for 3 days after I had a pound of crawfish here. Once I got the house special sauce the next time I got the cajun boil. Either way I freakin' smelled of garlic for days.I can eat pretty spicy stuff but anything over the medium here... is FIRE to me. Expect to drink a lot of water or beer with your meal. When it's that spicy, your tongue just dies and there's nothing subtle to pick up about flavors, it's just pain.Service was very average. It might as well have been a server from a casino buffet giving us our drinks. Don't expect much from the atmosphere either. There ain't nothing pretty about this place.Though it's not a place to come for amazing food or service, I still come back occasionally because I find myself craving the salt and the garlic. :)
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in Vegas. I love quality of seafood and the price. I'm not much for crawfish, so I always get the crab and I've never been disappointed. The shrimp is served with the heads still on and is absolutely the most tasty, fresh and juicy that I've ever had. Most dishes are served straight from boil bag and you discard the shells directly on the plastic covered tables. A pound of shrimp, snow crab, 2 pieces of corn and two heineken light for $36, a meal that can't be beat.
2	I find it only fair to mention that I hail from the south and have had the best in boiled crawfish most of my life. I thought I would be getting the same quality since the owners are from Houston. Crawfish is not on par with anything from Houston or any part of Louisiana but since there are no alternatives in Vegas, I would have to say it's the best crawfish place (and I think the only one) in town. It is listed on The Best of Las Vegas but I've found that list to be a disappointment. I was disappointed that they charge extra for red potatoes and corn on the cob. All the other patrons seem to always be amazed at seeing crawfish and that we know how to peel them and suck the heads. This just adds to my impression that people are easily impressed and amused here. Prices are moderate but I still don't feel like I'm getting my money's worth due to the portion size. Crawfish is not really fresh due to the fact that we're in the Mohave Desert. I guess I just have a higher standard having had Crawfish in New Orleans and all over Louisiana countless times. Everyone else raves about this place I suppose because they have nothing to compare it to. I'm sure I'll be back when I have another crawfish jones but I just feel they could do better. It's always blazing hot in the restaurant no matter what time of day I've been in there. I guess they are trying to save money? Don't have enough bathrooms.
4	this is my first time trying the crawfish. it was unexpectedly good. My friend from CA came and asked me to take her to crawfish. so i went on yelp and search for crawfish and that why we were there last sunday. The place was actually nice. we order 2lbs and we finished them in half an hour and order another pound. it's really up for it's name, hot and juicy. very good. i would recommend this place to everyone
5	***Reminder not to eat 1 pound of mild garlic shrimp before going to Club Jet*** LOL
5	So I was at my GF's hotel room at TI, and we were laying down there watching TV relaxing and digesting all the junk and drinks we had the night before and during the day at the pool. We both took a nap and I turned on the TV. Then all sudden we realized MAN VS FOOD was being televised in Las Vegas. So it caught our attention. So being from Texas and having access to good NOLA type of food an cajun food. I was intrigued that this guy was at a local joint here off Spring Mountain Road ((KNOWN FOR ASIAN FOOD)) and thought to myself.. I gotta try that place out. So needless to say, we jumped in a taxi and headed over there. The minute you get there, your eyes start to water and you can smell the spice from 20 yard OUT from the front door. I knew at this point I was in love. Sorry sweetie, but there is room for more than one love in my life.. Its called food :) Though, we placed our name on the list and it took a while to sit us down. That was ok, I knew it would be a wait. Though, once we sat down and we ordered 2 pounds of crawfish and an order of king crab! We were in love! Some of the best food! I cant say it was the best Ive ever had, but might tasty and I filled my stomach up with anything I saw on the table. Its completely messy though. So expect to leave with the smell of spice and seafood on your body for the next couple of days. Also expect to be drenched in a goooy saucey spice sauce all over your fingers! The food was served in huge bags with the food in them. You rip them apart and lay it all out on the trash bag covered table. It was a bliss for me. Everyone was really friendly and I really really enjoyed the food adn my experience. It was very affordable and I would come back for sure! Not to mention the blonde new jersey girl told us a story that the guy from MAN VS FOOD, got drunk and passed out in the back of her car. Wonder what else happened :) hehe jk.. regardless, if you are in the Las Vegas area, and you want to get something away from the strip and enjoy a good meal. make your self available to this awesome lil hole in the wall. You will not be let down!
4	This place is not for everyone, but if you can handle ripping apart shellfish with your bare hands, you are in for an amazing treat.  I'm hesitant on such things myself, but once I managed to get past that, and get the meat out of the crawfish and muss it around in the amazing sauce, I was hooked.The experience: it's a simple clean place.  You order some type of shellfish (crawfish, shrimp, crab), a type of sauce (I go with the hot & juicy special), and tell them what else you want thrown in... potatoes, corn, sausage (I recommend all three).  A few minutes later they bring out a big plastic bag filled with the goodies and they plop it on your table.  No plate, no utensils: just rip in and enjoy.  You're going to get messy, but they provide a bib and there's paper towel rolls at each table.  Make sure you do not neglect to get the sauce all over everything you put in your mouth.I recommend washing it down with an ice cold Blue Moon.They do also have fish & chips, and some pretty great chicken wings, so you don't have to get messy to enjoy a meal here.  But then you're kind of missing out on what makes it special.I should mention that unless you like pain, you should order "medium".  Their "spicy" is truly hot, and not some watered down notion of "spicy".  My Korean relatives agree.  Their "extra spicy" is reserved only for the completely fearless.Also, I recently have tried the Snow Crab -- very tasty and satisfying, with larger chunks of meat than you can get from a crawfish.  Good eating!Again, if you're squeemish about this kind of thing, it might not be the place for you.  Also unlikely to go over well on a first date with it's enormous garlic content.  But it is unquestionably super delicious, and if you think you can handle it, you should definitely give it a shot.
4	Yup, I was one of the many people who saw this place on Man vs. Food. I came on a weekday around 5pm to avoid the crowds. This place gets really busy around 7 and on the weekends. I got 2 pounds of crawfish and a side of fries. Came out close to 30 bucks. Not a bad deal. I think the only problem when I ate the crawfish was that my fingers smelled for quite a while and you will surely smell like garlic so if you plan to go on a date, bring some mints, mouthwash and prepare to take a shower when you get back to your room. But you know what, it;s worth it.
4	Delish crawfish in the most unlikely location!!
5	My cousin and her bf took me and my bf here when we were visiting Vegas. They actually ate @ hot n juicy the day before and it was sooo good that they wanted to take us and eat there again. They kept raving about how great it was and boy were they rite. We went during the day for lunch so there wasn't really anyone there which was good bc the place gets packed for dinner. I'm from the bay so I'm not new to the crawfish scene. I've tried several crawfish places in the past but hot n juicy is by far the best. If you've ever been to a crawfish restaurant then you know it's all about the sauce they cook it in. The hot n juicy special is the bomb diggity. The perfect combo of herbs and spices. You also get to pick the level of spicyness that you want. I personally prefer the shrimp over the crawfish but thats just me. Peeling shrimp is less work and more meat so you do the math. I wish there was a hot n juicy in the bay. Maybe they will think about expanding soon. lol Be prepared to get your hands dirty but it is super worth it. You will not be disappointed! There was also an episode of man vs. Food about hot n juicy too so you know it must be good.
4	UPDATED REVIEW #2Summery:A 4 star rating is still Excellent dining in my book btw. I reserve one open star for the future if service can be improved. The food is ALWAYS 5 star however. This update is to raise a rating that was lowered due to poor service and dining experience as detailed in a previous review.The owners addressed all of my issues, and  was professional in his communication with me. Any negative issues I did have were dealt with in outstanding manner.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you read my previous reviews you'll notice a negative experience I had reviewed as my first update. It was based strictly on poor service. The food has always been outstanding. What I would like to say in this newest updated review is that, more business ownersshould take up similar customer service. Kudos to the owner of Hot N Juicy Crawfish.I gave this place another chance because the food has always been a delight. (still love the shrimp over the crawfish) If you go, always add a pound of shrimp.If you decide to eat at this establishment, you can be assured of excellent food. If you have a negative experience, and bring it to the owners attention, you can be assured of excellent customer service. I've learned that there is a difference between bringing it to an employees attention versus the owner when it's really negative. My experience with the owner here proves he cares for his business and the experience of his customers.When I went back, prices on the crayfish were the same as before. Stable market pricing probably because he has stable distributors. The crawfish is fresh. The shrimp was sweet and meaty. I had almost the same meal as before but included the calamari that we were not able to order before. That was tender and the coating was light and non greasy.I think what struck me most was the owner had read my single negative experience and took my negative points and made changes in his operation. When I had said they ran out of rice, he told me he purchased a larger rice cooker. Amazing responses. There were a few other things that showed how he cares for his business.In the few months I've been watching this place it's grown in popularity. There was the man vs food show taping on food network for example and the following viewing party. Sometimes one wonders if popularity like that can falsely lift up the appeal of a place but I have to tell you, behind the scenes it's simple, excellent food, and acceptable service that makes this place a gem. I think what I had experienced was scaling issues. As a place becomes more popular they have to adapt with new ways of coping so there are less nights they run out of what ever ingredients...servers learning how to deal with busier tables..etc etc. They are adapting quickly and solving issues that crop up and maintaining an excellent standard of food.If you go, do not expect a 5 star quality of service. BUT....it's not bad. It's average and acceptable if you go with the right frame of mind. What shines here is the FOOD. Not quite sure what people are complaining about when they talk about the quality of their crawfish. Perhaps my tune would change if I were from the deep south but I am not. My reality is what is around me, and for this area, they have the best crawfish and shrimp. Do not compare a place to somewhere across the country. Make comparisons with local places to help people that are looking for the -best in that local area-. It makes it easier for people that are just visiting. They don't care about what is better in some other part of the country.Concerning the bathrooms. Objectively, I have never seen a line. Perhaps on busier weekend nights you may have to wait your turn, but it's hardly a reason not to go. There is one woman's bathroom and one for the men.Amazingly good, comfort food. Nothing is as satisfying than a big pile of seafood you eat with your fingers. They get it right, and the food out of this kitchen is always top level. I've tried numerous sauces now, numerous seafoods. Different times of day and different days of the week. I find it better than Joe's Crab Shack because it's authentic here. It's just a great place to bring your friends. It's not over contrived, full of themselves, or catering to tourists. It's just GOOD food. Go eat!
5	Incredible!  My boyfriend heard about this place from Man v. Food.  OMG it was so amazingly good.  We took a cab from the strip and a cab back to Binion's and worth every penny.  The servers were friendly, the owner very attentive and the food was amazing.I had crawfish for the first time.  Not a lot of meat but watch out, they're spicy is super spicy. I'd be afraid to try the Extra Spicy option. The best thing I had there was the bag of Lemon Pepper shrimp.  Oh, my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  This will definitely be a must-eat place everytime we visit Vegas. SOOOO good.
5	OMFG!!! Just back from Vegas and had one of the best meals at Hot and Juicy Crawfish. Don't dress up and get ready to get down and dirty in a good way. It's about 10 minutes and $12-$15 taxi ride from the strip but so worth it! I had 2 pounds of crawfish with the extra spicy and all I can say is WOW. I got shrimp to eat back on the plane which was equally excellent (don't recommend for the plane though, it get's a bit messy but Excellent. Service was great and the beers to wash it down was great. I would add a bar for people to wait but it was worth the wait. Please note spicy is spicy even for someone from Jamaica. This is a must stop when in Vegas!
4	They're not kidding when they say it's spicy. Being Korean, my mom and sister decided to be brave and go for the spiciest crawfish, but my sister quickly regretted it and ordered a regular spiced one. Haha. Everything is full of flavor. I like the potatoes it comes with, too. Not being a fan of crawfish, I just got fish and fries. Obviously, I am not the right person to come here, but my family really enjoyed this place. Tip: The food is very pungent and will seep into your clothes, and the whole eating process is super messy. I didn't even eat crawfish, but my mom was eating one and accidentally flung a piece to my ear! So, dress appropriately and prepare to get messy.
2	Being from Southern California where the king of crawfish restaurant resides, The Boiling Crab, it's hard to find another place that can dethrone it. But my wife and I had to give Hot and Juicy Crawfish a try after seeing it on one of our favorite shows, Man vs Food.The food looked absolutely delicious on the show, everything that my wife and I come to expect from this type of restaurant.  We had a basketball tournament in Vegas this past weekend and made sure we made time to head over to Hot and Juicy.Made it there on Friday afternoon around 1:30pm. I was happy to see that it wasn't so busy and were able to get seated right away. At Boiling Crab, the average wait time is an hour.We ordered the following: one pound of crawfish, two pounds of shrimp and five corns all in the special Hot and Juicy sauce medium spicy.The sauce itself was not bad. It's doable but it does not compare to Boiling Crab's shabang sauce.  The shabang sauce is love at first bite. The crawfish was not bad but the shrimp and corn were not very good. The body of the shrimp was fine but the shrimp heads was dry. No juice/brains to enjoy sucking on and the corn was very rubbery, sort of like eating candy corn.  My wife and I shared one corn and left 4 uneaten. Normally, we could eat three each.For those who have not tried Boiling Crab, you might find Hot and Juicy Crawfish a good place to eat.  But for those who have dined at Boiling Crab, you will be disappointed.  I will be sending Adam Richman (host of Man vs Food) an email of my review and a recommendation that if he is ever in Orange County California, to stop by Boiling Crab and see what he thinks.
5	If I lived in Vegas, I would probably hit this place weekly.  I had a pound of the spicy hot n juicy  and yeah it was hot and I couldn't get enough of it.  My wife had the medium hot n juicy and for her, it was just right, not hot enough for me though.We also shared a pound of the lemon pepper shrimp and OMG it was amazing.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Keep up the good work YELPERS and keep up the great ratings.
5	My husband and I love this place!!!!  We got the crawfish, shrimp, sausage, corn and potatoes in the Hot and Juicy seasoning/ medium heat.  YUM!  We did smell like garlic for the next couple days, but it was totally worth it.  As some one else said, the corn did seem a little over cooked, but it wasn't bad enough to stop me from going and getting it again.I know people say there are better places in CA, but I don't happen to live in CA, so will probably not get a chance to try other places anytime soon. I love being able to support a local restaurant that is privately owned- well done Hot N Juicy Crawfish!
3	Crawfish is good. Mainly because they are larger here than most other places ive seen. This place, the little guys were big enuf that you could pull the meat out with minimal effort. Ive been to places where you sit there peeling back the shell and when you're done, the meat is almost gone because it got squished between your fingers and gets lost in a boatload of shells.The seasoning is good, although a bit oily from the butter. The spices left me out of commission the next morning but  was worth it at the time.We also ordered the King Crab which tasted OK but it definietly wasnt fresh. You can tell it was frozen stored because the shell was soft and stale when it came to our table.  When you peeled the shell off, a lot of water came gushing out.For $20 something a pound, we expected fresh.  All in all, it was a fun experience we thank Adam Richman for telling us about.BTW, they need to move that dumpster full of rotting crawfish leftovers away from the part of the building thats visible. The sweltering vegas desert heat doesnt help much either. The smell after leaving the restaurant was mortifying.
4	I saw this place on Food network and was surprised we have this famous Cajun restaurant here in Las Vegas. I decided to take my fiancee for a never-before crawfish experience. We were there on Tuesday night about 8:00PM and there was plenty of open seating. After we were seated, we were given the first-timer instruction on how to order. We ordered 2lbs of crawfish(hot & juicy mild) included 1 potato & 1 corn, 1 lb of shrimp (galic butter mild), 1 soft shell crab basket include Cajun fries, and 2 cokes. We really wanted to order oysters but they ran out, that's why we ordered the shrimp. The taste of the spices was very good, and garlic butter was wonderful. We both loved the seasoning very much. But there was one problem for us, we realized that we don't like crawfish. We never had crawfish before this night, at least not a properly prepared crawfish meal. We manage to finish all 2 lbs of it because the spices was just that good. On the other hand, the shrimp was so good, the large amount of garlic in that buttery sauce made the shrimp so sweet and tasty. We just can not stop eating the shrimp!!! And the soft shell? nothing worth mentioning, except for the Cajun fries we dipped and ate with the sauce in the crawfish/shrimp bags.The whole experience was pretty good, the whole meal cost us $57 which I thought was a little high. We decided if we go back, we would order shrimp only and call to make sure they have oysters before we go again.
4	Great shrimp, sausage, and corn! They serve it up to you in a plastic baggy with their spicy sauce. Be sure to wear those bibs they provide. It's gonna get a little messy...You can order your sauce mild to extra spicy. Us "wimps" ordered a bag of mild and a bag of medium (sorry, I like to enjoy my food while not having my mouth numb with fire).  Actually, compared to other places I've been to, their mild was like medium  and medium was HOT HOT HOT! but it was all good. I was still able to enjoy the taste because the spicyness didn't really bite, it just built up as I came close to finishing the bag.I prefer shrimp over the crawfish because the shrimp is meatier and well worth peeling over the crawfish. The calamari rings and fries we ordered was a nice filler to absorb some of that spice!
2	Sorry people but im going to have to be the fly in the ointment here. I got a chance to go to Hot and Juicy last weekend to see what all the hub bub was all about. And yes I saw it on Man V Food and it looked interesting. All the great reviews on here didnt hurt either. Well I walked in and it was kinda plain but thats fine. The girl seated us and gave us menus to look over. I was going to order the shrimp instead of the crawfish until the waitress came over. She made the crawfish sound so good I caved and ordered a pound of them. I also ordered a pound of the king crab and some sausage. My mom ordered the fried shrimp and frys.     The girl brought out our food and it smelled incredible. I ripped into the bag of crawfish in hopes that I was really in for a treat. Well I have come to a conclusion, THERES NOTHING EDIBLE ON CRAWFISH!!! These things fought me every step of the way. I worked my ass off just to get a "TINNY" piece of tale meat. The waitress said they were actually bigger than normal. I would hate the see the regular ones. The flavor of the sauce was absolutely fantastic. I went with the hot and juicy special medium. The sausage dipped in the sauce was out of this world but the crawfish was a miserable failure. I ended up ordering a pound of the shrimp as well.    Now the shrimp was another issue. I am not a big fan of whole shrimp. I dont want the head on with all the little hairs all over and the whole thing. If they had been cleaned before cooking it would have been much better. I didnt eat allot of them because of this. The crab legs were pretty good but I should have ordered the same sauce instead of the garlic butter.     Hot and Juicy was kinda fun and the 2 waitresses were really sweet and fun to chat with. I dont think I will be coming but though. I do wish them the best.
5	Hot: YES (FYI: Medium was pretty Hot) Juicy: YES :)Service: Very GoodStyle: Messy Yet Fun Dress Code: Casual*Recommendations: Order the rice w/a side of Hot-N-Juicy special sauce.Open for Lunch & DinnerHours: 7 Days; 12pm-10pm
4	I finally made it!!!!  I took my friend Derek, as we have been pursuing the spiciest foods in Vegas and had yet to be happy with the results.  We had excellent service here (5 different waitstaff helping us out and refilling our iced teas, cleaning trash, feeding Derek's sugar packet habit, etc).  We got the soft shell crab basket to start since Derek never had it before.  It was a bit overfried but tasty, and the cajun fries were tasty.For the meal we had 1 lb hot n juicy medium shrimp, 1 lb hot n juicy spicy crawfish, 1 lb hot n juicy extra spicy crawish, and corn + potato + rice.The conclusion: the shrimp were large, juicy, flavorful and tasty.  The spicy crawfish was our favorite - not too hot but the spice added up enough to give us that delicious burning flavor on the tongue and runny nose/watery eyes.  The flavor also was great.  The extra spicy crawfish had a nice intense spice, but the butter and overly powdered seasoning muddled the flavor.  The corn and rice were nice "neutralizers" - next time we go here we would get the spicy level with anything.  A fun, messy, bib-ilicious experience!  and yes, I felt like a garlic breathing dragon all day!
4	First time eating crawfish, first time eating anything of this concept, so I must say it was a trip!The service was great, the girls came by and explained everything to us. I was a little thrown off at first, because there's a disposable tablecloth right in front of you and they throw down a plastic bag of crawfish/shrimp/whatever, laden with sauce and a corn/potato/whatever thrown inside. And you just kind of dig in! Crawfish itself is kind of hard to eat, or difficult, since you go through sooo much work and the result doesn't really yield much. I'm much more of a shrimp kinda girl, but the sauce and all that licking made it worthwhile. This place is great, would come back again. My only complaint is (that since I'm such an environmentalist) they throw EVERYTHING away, from cups to plates to forks. I mean, i get it, it's easy clean up and all. But the poor environment! Anyways, that's just my qualm. Everything else was great.
4	Was here just the other day while in town for Halloween. I came in hoping it was good, and left satisfied. They were out o f a couple of items we would have tired, but we did get the king crab, whole blue crab, crawfish, and calamari. The crawfish and the crab we got with varying amounts of heat, all on the Hot n Juicy sauce. The sauce was very good. Plenty of tase, not simply liquid butter. Add dollar beers to that(not sure if all bottles are $1 everyday or not) and it added up to a very good time. I would definately go back.The only minus is that they really have nothing BUT seafood. Several in our party do not like this kind of seafood, so their only choice was chicken wings(which they do not even have sauces for, they come out dry) and fries. A bit small of a non seafood choice.Our waitress was very helpful and attentive as well.
3	Alberto's (original)Alerto's (copy)Albertaco's (copy)Alberta's (copy)Albatros (copy)Viva Burrito (CO's copy)Sarah Palin (original)Tina Fey (a likable version)Tommy's (original)Johnny's (copy)Boiling Crab (original)Hot'n'Juicy Crawfish (copy)Within a matter of five or so years, Boiling Crab has managed to open 7+ locations and it's spurred on a crab/crap load of copy cats and imitators. Hot'n'Juicy is one of them (why reinvent the wheel?).This is how I think Hot'n'Juicy Crawfish Gentlemans Club stacks up against the original Boiling Crab in CA and TX.CONS:1. "It's too much work eating crawfish", so instead you'll get these huge monstrous crawfish that amount to about 12 in a bag vs. the 50-60 at BC.2. The flavors?? They just didn't blend as well as BC's, and the crawfish just wasn't immersed long enough in the mixture to absorb any of the flavors. What you get, is some bland crawfish.3. Even though BC has a slightly cheesy interior, I still love BC by far. You just can't beat their original locations signs in the men's bathroom which read: "players with shorter bats should stand closer to home plate" or "why are you looking up here, when the joke is in your hands".4. The waitstaff and service at BC has always been fairly attentive and friendly no matter how busy it gets. HJC's was straightforward and rather distant.PRO'S:1. Basically the menu was the same basic menu as BC, so it did make ordering really easy.2. No wait times! BC usually always has a minimum of a 1 hour wait time for dinner. HJC wasn't too busy for a Tuesday night.3. The freshness of the dungeness crab was REALLY GOOD at HJC. Probably the best I've had almost anywhere... where are they getting it from!?!?THE BOTTOM LINE:Always imitated, never duplicated! Boiling Crab definitely reigns supreme, and I highly doubt I'd go back to Hot'n'Juicy unless they start to offer lap dances.
4	well. I was able to visit this Quasi-famous eatery (man vs. food) tonight and I'm 90% pleased. the location is ideal (edge of Chinatown), the wait staff was helpful and easy on the eyes, and the food was magnificent. my friend and I ordered 2 lbs of crawfish, 1 lb of shrimp, 1 lb of crab legs, cajun fries, 3 bud lights and a soda. our total was $64. not depressing but our "fullness" level could have been higher for the money spent. all in all the experience was great and I will definitely be back for seconds.
3	We wanted to visit this place b/c we saw it on that episode of Man vs. Food and when we visited Vegas we wanted a change from the restaurants available on the strip.  It was a good experience, the staff is super friendly.  We ordered 2lbs of the (spicy) hot & juicy crawfish and 1lb of the king crab, some sausages, corn and Cajun fries.  It was alright... satisfying, but definitely not the best I've ever had.  The crawfish were pretty small, and when they're small like that you have to work harder to get to the actual meat, which kinda sucked since the meat was super duper small.  The crab was really good, and I really liked the sausages, but I remember them being pretty expensive.  I think we paid an extra $6 to get six slices of andouille sausage.  The corn is the neutralizer, which is necessary if you can't handle the heat.    The cajun fries were so-so, our next trip we will do w/out them.  Next time, I'd like to try the shrimp and maybe clams (if they have them) and I'll probably try the medium instead of the spicy so I'm not constantly asking for more water.
2	Okay, this review may be a little biased because I'm comparing my Hot and Juicy experience with Boiling Crab out in California, but really... Hot and Juicy?  NOT SO HOT AND JUICY!My friend recommended this place because her cousin saw it on the Food Network.  I want to go to Food Network, tell them that they SUCK, that they should retract the special on Hot and Juicy, and that they should do a special on Boiling Crab instead.  Okay, maybe not as harsh.- We all ordered the shrimp with the Medium Hot and Juicy Special sauce.  At BC, you can see the garlic, pepper, and the deep red sauce in the bag.  Also,  the Medium Whole Shabang has a spicy taste that lingers.   This is what I was expecting.  Instead, the shrimp at H&J came out super bland, not spicy, and not juicy at all.  I had to squish my shrimp around the barely-there sauce to get it to have any flavor at all.- We had to ask for limes, salt, and pepper.  They took forever to get the limes out to us.  It was as if they went to go buy limes and cut them up just for us.- You can't draw on the walls.  How wack is that? Haha.  The staff was friendly and the venue was clean, but it just didn't live up to my expectations.  I'm sorry H&J...  2 stars for you cuz: "Meh.  I've definitely experienced better."
5	They place rocks!!! First the flavors in the food are absolutely amazing. Shrimp and Crawfish are so fresh and come in plastic bags of goodness.... I have to say this place lives up to the hype and will become a regular in my top places in Vegas.
3	I've been hearing many rave about this place out in Vegas and being a crawfish lover myself, it was a must eat! It's pretty darn good, the Hot and Juicy flavoring is the one with all the flavors combined. Nice rich butter and garlic flavored paired with Cajun spices. Probably you're best bet if you come here. And the host wasn't kidding when she said theirs is usually a little bit hotter than you think with the added garlic. I have a decent tolerance for spicy and normally here in San Jose I can eat the medium or spicy (on good days) and have no problem. I ordered the Mild and it already had a big kick to it. I do definitely want to come back because the day we came they said crawfish is in season but I know it really wasn't and so the crawfish was small and many of them were black and dead. The meat of the crawfish was not crispy and very flaky, not fresh at all. Great service by the waiter and host though.
3	Pretty good food. Alot of work though. I would pay extra for someone to open the Crawfish for me. That doesn't make me a bad person.
4	I saw this on the travel channel and without that i would not have gone. But im glad i saw that episode because WOW.My cousin and i went and had 1 pound of Hot & Juicy Shrimp- extra spicy, 1 pound of king crab legs$35 bucks. GREAT DEAL! and the food was great, i would advise you to not wear dressy clothes due to the hands on food. U got to use your hands and remember your bib.
4	Well worth the cab ride into Chinatown to try.  Crawfish was very fresh as was the softshell crab.  Next time, must plan a day trip to Chinatown and finish off with Hot N Juicy.  Beware that for most people, the extra spicy may be too spicy; would recommend starting off with the mild or medium.  Order one lbs first and go from there.  And don't ware anything you would mind getting juiced.  Enjoy!
4	if u from the deep south & dig seafood-- hit dis 1brah, hit dis 1-- two times, two times, ready, huh huh!in my lifetime i've eatin' a thousand pounds of crawfish & i ain't never had any served quite like dis.  how can i describe it?  its spicy (oh yeah its spicy), its juicy (buttery & garlicy on the outside)-- who came up wit dis method?!its damn good, bruh!  word.
2	I agree with Marilou A. (the reviewer before me). Similar experience. I'm from S. Cali and love crawfish. We went to Hot & Juicy bc one of our friend saw it on Food Network. (*Side note: It was on "Man vs Food" and obviously the host has never been to Boiling Crab in S. Cali.) Anyways, so when we went they told us they only had frozen crawfish. We figured we had frozen crawfish before ... if the sauce is good, everything will be ok. NOTHING WAS GOOD.1) The crawfish was crumbly. I expected some toughness or flakiness from it being frozen, but this was just nasty. A bunch must have been dead before they were frozen. 2) The sauce was NOT JUICY. It did not make me want to lick my fingers or suck the crawfish head. Too salty and pungent.3) The corn was either overcooked or it was bad frozen corn. The kernels were tiny and prune-like. The only think I liked about the place was the fried chicken wings. Those were definitely HOT & JUICY, but I didn't go there for crawfish. I wanted dang good crawfish. We felt so cheated out  of the experience, so when we went home 2 days later, we dropped by Boiling Crab to cleanse our taste bud of not Hot & Juicy. WILL NEVER COME BACK TO THIS PLACE AGAIN.
5	Thank you Man vs. Food for introducing me to their absolutely deliciously amazing crawfish. OMFGGGG I MISS IT SO MUCH! :( Boiling Crab and Crab Hut got NOTHING on their crawfish. Anyways, I think this was the most satisfying meal I had in a long time. I don't know what else to say cause I honestly feel like no one is going to take this review seriously cause I'm comparing it to Boiling Crab. BOILING CRAB IS GOOD BUT OMG THIS IS GOOD TOO! Mouth is drooling, good god, and I only have Crab Hut in San Diego :(
5	I went here during my first visit to Vegas and it was my favorite part! I'm returning in January and after I check in to my hotel, this is the first place I'm headed. My boyfriend and I each ordered two lbs--mine was mild and he ordered medium. I'm a heat sissy, and I found my pretty spicy. There was so much garlic and flavor I couldn't believe it!The only bad thing was that I never got a refill on my tiny soda, and I really needed one!
5	BTW! I failed to mention that one of the servers was super amazing. She was the brunette and I think she was featured on the Travel Channel. She was so helpful and nice!But then we got this awful blond girl who help the other side of our table. She was so rude. We asked for more Blue Moon and instead of having it already poured in the glass like we FIRST got it, she just gave my friend the bottle and was like "Do it yourself." This girl NEEDS TO GO.
3	Love la love their hot n juicy seasoning whether it was over the crawfish or the shrimp it's sooo good. But I've had juicer crawfish meaning the amount of juice at the bottom of the bag didn't live up to it's name. More juice!
4	I wanted to try this place since I first saw it on Man vs Food and I missed coming here for my bday last month.  So my goal was to try to eat here for new years eve as 1 of my last meals for 2009.  Since I'm a big fan of crawfish, that's what we ordered along with the shrimp.  So 4 lbs of food between 2 people along with rice for my friend.  Since I am from Cali, we do have to compare every place to Boiling Crab.  So far, BC is the top.  This place would come in 2nd place.  The prices are pretty reasonable for the seafood since they are market price.  I wish they did post the prices up somewhere but they don't so you do have to ask how much it is per lb for the seafood items.  You do have to order the Hot N Juicy flavoring.  We didn't do the extra spicy and spicy was good enough for us since it did make our nose watery.  As for the size of the crawfish, they were sooo small.  I thought they might be a little bit bigger, but nope.  Small that I even had to take a picture of it since I think I was in shock from the size of it.  ;p  None the less, it was still yummy and I would definitely go back if I was craving crawfish in lv.  Note to remember, you do have to ask for the bibs and salt, pepper, lime sauce since they don't bring it to you initially like BC.  Service was pretty good except there was 1 waitress that seemed a little bit rude when she was talking to the guests so not sure if she was having an off day or if that's just her personality.
4	4 stars instead of 5 because they were out of fresh crawfish and the frozen ones were nasty AND we waited for about an hour on a Tuesday night!However, the crabs and shrimps were very very very yummy! I have yet to try Boiling Crab....will need to try this soon to see how it compares.
4	wow, what a place. good atmosphere, cute servers and real good food. Unique distinct flavors. Get the spicy and you will find your nose running and sniffing while trying to eat and suck Crawfish and shrimp. But the spicy flavors have you wanting eat another piece after piece... and to be honest you know a place is real good when most of the customers consist of different races...there were a lot of Asians, Blacks and White customers... meaning people of different cultures can find a common ground when it comes to good food and the portions were good and price very reasonable...oh and did I mention cute and friendly waitresses? one criticism, they were out of fresh crawfish..c'mon what the heck? that is the only reason this is 4 out of 5 otherwise 6 out of 5
3	I am not a sea food fan, but this place im willing to sit down and grub.I went in, ordered 1 pound of crawfish, and 1 pound of shrimp,with there special blend of seasoning, its all the seasoning mixed together (suprisingly very good) and we choose the spicy, as in mild , hot, spicy , or extreme.sit down at this table, no forks, spoon, there is a thing you tie around your neck to keep your shirt clean. its pretty funny never been to a place like this.They serve you the food, in plastic bags, to keep the moisture and flavor locked in, and you just dump it out on the table.I loved the Shrimp, not a very big fan of crawfish.for a seafood joint, i liked it.very cheap too, whole meal 3 ppl 35 bucks.
3	It is what it is. Spicy creole-Asian flavors +crab legs/crawfish.the crab is good, not a fan of crawfish, but friends love it.The food comes in a plastic bag filled with corn, potatoes and juices. This place has received a lot of attention on the Food Network.  It's definitely worth a try!
3	This place was pretty decent.  I couldn't believe there is a place like this in Vegas.  The service was good and the food was decent.  I did smell like garlic for days though.  I will go back, but it's not first on my list.
3	Alright! My first review write up! First off, as a bay area native, I will admit that Boiling Crab was better in the area of flavor and freshness of the Dungeoness Crab. BUT!   I did not have to wait 90 minutes for a table like BC, which makes it a huge plus!This was my first crawfish experience, and now I know not to order them next time. So much work for so little payout! I mean really?! I am not gonna pay $10+/lb for lil morsels of meat! Next time, only crab and shrimp for me! The shrimp and crab were much better and more meaty payoff. It wasn't the freshest, but for Vegas and the price it wasn't bad.  The hot & juicy special sauce did the job and make me reek of garlic for more than a day after! I would eat here again and recommend it!
4	I love Hot N Juicy. I found out about this place from foodnetwork? or travel channel's mvf? not really sure. The 1st time I've ever tried to eat crawfish was here. We ordered 1 lb of crawfish in medium hot&juicy sauce. After trying crawfish I learned that it's too much work for not enough meat, so never again. The hot&juicy sauce was delicious and pretty spicy. I love spicy food, but not so spicy that all you get is heat and no flavor. I prefer to order the 1 lb of shrimp with 1 dozen sausage in mild hot&juicy sauce. With a side of cajun fries. This is a winner for sure. This entire meal would cost around $30 and good for 2 people. Hot&Juicy sauce in mild has a good balance of heat and flavor. I love to let my cajun fries swim in that sauce. The h&j sauce also has the best flavor out of the other flavor options they offer. Beware tho cause the garlic and butter in the sauce will make you smell all day. By the end of the day you can still sort of smell the sauce on your fingers. I've also tried their raw oysters and you get 1 dozen for $15. It was good but the oysters are kind of small so I wouldn't really recommend it.The calamari is ok. Cooked well. I tried dipping it into the hot&juicy sauce just because i love the sauce so much. Unfortunately it tasted too salty. The calamari is good on its own. I'm from the Bay Area so I've tried Crawdaddy's and this is way better than Crawdaddy's. Crawdaddy's sauce is watered down compared to Hot N Juicy. Crawdaddy's shrimp also looks anemic compared to Hot N Juicy. I haven't tried Boiling Crab tho.
4	I had such a good time here with my friends. Damn. $1 beers on Sunday nights. What more could you ask for? It was lots of fun eating shrimp and crab out of a bag with the 'dozen' sausages my friend was afraid to order (it's really just 12 slices of sausage in the bag).  Don't miss out on the corn with it all. Did I mention the great service? They'll even put a bib on your chest so you don't make a mess of yourself!  Beware the hot and juicy with the extra spicy sauce. I didn't even have the balls to taste it. Bock Bock. That's why I order the medium or no spice. Ha ha.
3	Ok.  I'm writing this review as a seasoned crawfish eater, hitting up the OG (original if you don't know slang) crawfish places in Westminster....  This place was alright.  Their sauce wasn't very good, which is a major bummer, being that their crustaceans were pretty fresh.  The fries were meh.  Nothing special....  Maybe I've just been spoiled by places with sweet potato fries and yummy house sauces....  Good place to go if you're desperately craving seafood though
2	Like many others, i decided to try this place after watching the food network.  The fried catfish i ordered was really good.  Definitely would recommend that.  However, the shrimp and crawfish were just average.  The sauce wasn't that good and super duper spicy even though i ordered the mild.  The service staff there was great but i'm sure others reading this post will agree that they really really try and get you to drink a lot of alcohol.  Every time someone passed us by they kept trying to get us to buy more beer.  I understand they're  just doing their job so i'm not gonna hate on them for that.  The service overall was great.  Very attentive and our server even showed us how to properly de-shell and eat crawfish.  My group had an interesting situation while waiting.  The place was full and their was a sign that read "please wait to be seated".  So we stood in line at the door and waited.  There was a host that was taking down names for the waiting list so i tried to get his attention to put my name down but he was very busy cleaning the tables and told me to wait.  So i patiently waited only to see people come in behind me and walk up to him and he wrote their names down.  I figured he was smart and courteous enough to realize that i've been standing their waiting especially since we were blocking the aisle and he had to constantly excuse himself from walking past us.  Of course he sits other's before me and i have to go up to him and ask him about my table.  Expectantly, he tells me i'm next and to just be patient.  I honestly feel that this was an isolated situation on my party and shouldn't reflect their overall great customer service but i thought i should share my experience.  If you read any of my other posts you can tell i'm usually pretty quick and short....hopefully you can tell by the length of my comment that this situation annoyed me
5	I would give this place 6 stars if there's an option. It's right off the strip you'll need to take the cab there. It's never busy in the day time ( not sure about at night). My 1st time eating crawfish was at this place few years ago but never gotten a chance to write a review about it. Ate  there like 2 times while was in vegas.  I still hear good reviews from family members and friends who just got back from there recently this year. This place is the reason I became obsessed with those little critters. There were pics of celebrities on the wall who also ate here. NICE!  The environment is decent looking and the service was good and acceptable. There's always plenty of paper towels around and bathrooms are clean. Anyone who hasn't tried it should give it a try. It's worth every penny. Come on now... it has to be that good to make it on the food channel and travel channel. I think man vs food made the right choice. Boiling crab just isn't buttery and hot enough for a  challenge. Below is a little  review comparison between Hot n Juicy special sauce vs boiling crab whole sha-bang sauce. I've been to boiling crab about 8 times now in SJ and 1 time in anaheim and it is so far  the best in CA. I usually order 6 lbs.  I read some reviews here from others who had tried Hot N Juicy crawfish and I have to completely disagree with them calling this place a duplicate or copy cat of boiling crab. They should go get their taste buds checked. Hot N Juicy is 5x buttery/stickier and a bit sweeter but they do have xtra spicy as an option. Their sauce will leave your fingers smelling for days that's how good it is.  Boiling crab on the other hand has that smokey taste and their spice is acceptable. I normally order xtra spice.  What happens in vegas stays in vegas except for the smell it follows you home. Hot n juicy crawfish still remains #1 as my favorite place. 5+ stars from me for their awesome delicious foods.Boiling crab is right behind it unless Red Crawfish in SF can knock it to 3rd place. Red crawfish will be my next stop.
3	I have to start off by saying that I may be a bit biased since I looooooooooovvvvvvveeee boiling crab. After we landed, our first stop was to drop off our luggage at our hotel and then we jumped into a cab "hot n' juicy please!" This place isn't too far from the strip, a 5-10 minutes ride from where we were staying [venetian], about a $10.00 cab fare. When we arrived there were only a table or two dining which got us worried since we're used to boiling crab always being packed. As we were overlooking the menu I noticed that they serve blue moon, which deserves extra brownie points! We ordered 2 pounds of the shrimp in their hot n' juicy sauce which is a combination of all their sauces, cajun fries, and an order of rice. [FYI: you can't order half pounds here ]The food took quite a while to come out, but once we got to eating we noticed that the shrimp were wayyy over cooked. The skin and heads of the shrimp were falling off, and some pieces of shrimp were definitely too soft for my liking. We were probably only able to get through a pound-if that, of our order. But their sauce weren't too bad, definitely better than most places I've tried, but definitely doesn't live up to boiling crab's whole shabang sauce. All in all, this place isn't bad; if I'm ever in Las Vegas having major shrimpas cravings I wouldn't mind coming back.
5	Every time I am in Vegas, I make sure to go here at least twice. Their combo sauce is a lot spicier than Boiling Crabs whole shabang.
3	It is no boiling crab. The spices were a bit off. Service was slow. Our orders mixed up, hence, our bill took some figuring out.
2	After all the reviews, decided why not give it a try?  WOW, packed on a sunday nite with a 20 minute wait.  Know all about eating the spicy mudbugs after living in houston 7 yrs.  The crawfish were really good, not soggy and mildly spiced for my tastes choosing the hot n juicy spice.  They were out of stone & blue crab, leaving only king legs and snow crab to choose from.  I got the tiny sized snow crabs, my friend got the shrimp platter.  both were mostly fries.  this place would die a quick death in south texas or the bayou country.pros: food came out really fast, miller lite by the bottle served really cold.cons: limited items available that night, say they serve beer & wine but wine was only sold by the bottle last night.  atmosphere gets a zero, we were packed in like sardines, forgive the pun. waitress seemed frazzled, maybe it was her first night.  had to ask for lemons, WTF?
4	This place is off the strip a bit, but worth it if you are jiving for some crawfish and you live on the wrong side of the dixon-mason line.  This place is located in a small strip mall like many others in the Asian part of town, keep driving past the Pho shops and the Chinese restaurants and you are here.This is not your "traditional" crawfish, it keeps a lot of the traditional flavors but throws in some Southeast Asian flair.  I got the two pounder of crawfish, got couple of beers,  rolled up my sleeves literally but the bip and went to town on those bad boys.  I go the Hot and Spicy and it was the right about of heat in it for me, if you know what the jucieness from the head of the crawfish tastes like than you know what I am talking about, tons of shrimp like flavor juices with the spices, and since this reciepe has tons of butter it creates a layer that stays on the shell which ups the calories, cholesterol, and saturated fat but takes the flavor up too.  The corn was a bit overdone though, the potato was good but only two little pieces.  This gets me a bit because corn and potato are cheap but tasty bits and yet they skimp on it.Everything was good besides the corn and potato.  They should have a sign that tells you what the market price is before you order because $12.99/lb??
5	I really like Hot and Juicy. It's delicious, requires about a million napkins, hands on eating. Great to mow down, drink a couple beers and enjoy potato and corn dipped in the crawfish juice glory.
4	This is way different than this type of restaurant in the bay area but it really grew on me. The bags of dads or shrimp come out way drier and less buttery but were very addictive. My companions and I really went to work. There was more slurping/sucking noises than conversating going on...good thing. I love me some shrimp brains. We also ordered a whole dungeness that was deelicious. The crawdads looked a little beat up though, meaning the shells were cracked on a lot of dads like they had been roughly handled or crushed. Maybe a little less fresh than what I'm use to in the bay area.Your hands are gonna smell like sea food for at least a full day but it's worth it. The heat had me waking up in the middle of the night a few times for a visit to Toto but this was expected. I'd definitely come here again next time I'm in Vegas. It's a great meal that will get you away from the strip.
4	I went to this place right after my flight and I loved it.  I got extra spicy crawfish and some medium shrimps.  Man, they don't lie... extra spicy is HOTT!  I was all red and my nose started to get runny but boy was it good.  Spicy + Beer = Heaven.  AFterburn was harsh but something about it was really addictive, kinda like crack.  I'm back in LA and craving it so badly.  By the end of  the bad, I was the crawfish peeling master.  Ohh the head juice after you twist the head off... yum!  Oh but make sure you don't eat the junk, well I didn't, just the juice!
5	A very enjoyable experience. Tonight I went with modest expectations after watching Adam Richmond eat here on Man v. Food. The experience was great. I met a few locals who said they eat their once a week, and started eating there before it was on tv. They suggested several dishes: the hot n juicy, medium spice, crawfish and sausage; the lemon pepper medium spice shrimp, and the mild spice lemon pepper crab legs. Everything was very enjoyable. The prices were very reasonable too. The waiters/waitress were very attentive, and the owner even gave us quite a bit of face time. I come to Vegas yearly, and this will be a normal stop for me.
5	Total fan of this place! The owners are super nice too. Laina came over to make sure we were enjoying everything.We ordered 2 pounds of shrimp, a pound of crab legs, and later added a pound of crawfish (it's their namesake after all). Like everyone says, the shrimp is where it's at. You let that shrimp swim in their Hot N Juicy special sauce and you're in seafood heaven. Make sure you add some corn to that bag of shrimp. I love corn to begin with, but after it's been soaking in that sauce, it becomes absolutely amazing.Be ready to get down and dirty with your seafood at this place. Make sure to bring your appetite and leave your best clothes at home.
5	Robyn, my future daughter-in-law had her trepidations about bringing me to Hot 'n Juicy Crawfish... In the past few years, virtually every place she thought I would like turned out to me... just Average, at best... And she heard from my youngest kids, that Dad doesn't like to touch his food - which is mandatory at Hot 'n Juicy.When your Pound of either Blue Crab, Shrimp, or Crawfish is brought out in it's plastic bag... the Plastic Bib and the Paper Towels are definitely not enough "protection" to prevent yourself from getting MESSY! In fact, I'm proud to admit after the four of us finished the 2 pounds of combos - we had the largest remnants of "stuff" by far of anyone dining that evening.You'll receive a free Cob of Corn and a small Potato with every 2 Pounds of stuff ordered. But, I recommend more - just for the fact that you'll have something pretty neutral to offset the HEAT from the Crawfish.Hot 'n Juicy's recommendation of how to eat Crawfish is: 1) Gently twist the head apart from the tail. 2) Take the head and SUCK the juice from inside. 3) Peel away 2 to 3 segments of shell from the tail to expose more meat. 4) Pinch the bottom end of the tail while carefully pulling the meat out of the shell.I have a few modifications to this procedure... Why would I suck on a Crawfish head when I don't do it to it's bigger cousin Lobster? That just.... SUCKS! I break off the tail from the head section and only retrieve the meat from the tail section.The absolute best value is the Shrimp...I treat the Shrimp at Hot 'n Juicy like the Salt & Pepper Shrimp that is prepared at Chinese restaurants. I consume the tail section, shell and all - it's just too much work trying to de-skin the Shrimp! When Robyn heard that --- Eww!Robyn's recommendation: Order a pound of Blue Crab Legs and a pound of Shrimp.Kevin and Kathy's (my daughter) suggestion: Crawfish and Shrimp.My suggestion: After a Crawfish & Shrimp combo... I'd go for a Shrimp and Shrimp...Suggestions for sides - Bread Rolls, Potatoes, Sausages are OK. Corn on the Cob, which is boiled along with the Crawfish literally turns into Cream of Corn - way too soft.And... don't Breathe and Eat at the same time! Took me a few minutes to recover from the HEAT going down! Kevin tried some of my Spicy Crawfish and subsequently devloped a heat reaction - blotches of red all over his face and neck. I think for most - Spicy is hot enough.Robyn was totally shocked when I gave Hot 'n Juicy a Yelper rating of 5-Stars - despite that fact that you can't avoid getting Messy here and despite scrubbing down with virtually all the Soap in the restroom afterwards and returning home probably needing a Bath / Shower... you can't help but have a pretty good time!I can't think of a more enjoyable time to spend a couple of hours people watching - customers or your dinner companions getting down n' dirty with the Crawfish, or just to lower your own clean-freak inhibitions.I was wondering why this restaurant was located in the un-officially designated Chinatown along Spring Mountain... So far as I could see that evening, there was only one waitress of Asian descent... I queried our waitress whether Hot 'n Juicy was Asian-owned - she replied that the owner was Thai and resided in Texas and was the second Crawfish place he owned.Highly recommended by one who abhors using his dainty fingers....I do have one last thought though.... What exactly is the chemical reaction of flash boiling on a Plastic Bag? Are there any chemical breakdowns of the Plastic Bag that the USDA should be worried about?
4	Very interesting and good New Orleans style boil restaurant.  I prefer the shrimp here (heads on) over the crawfish - add some sausage, potatos and corn to the boil and all is good.1 lb. of shrimp is about $10, add some add-ins and it is around $13, good value, variety of 'boil' sauces are added in - I like the garlic butter mild, which is still pretty hot.Very casual plastic tablecloth and paper towel joint on the west end of Chinatown on Spring Mountain, reasonable interpretation of a Louisiana crawfish/shrimp boil for Las Vegas - heavily frequented by Louisiana ex-pats and Chinatown regulars.Very good option if you like this style of cuisine and don't mind making a mess when you eat.
3	When I first walked into this place I noticed everyone wearing a bib and I thought to myself I refuse to look like an idiot and wear a bib. 10 minutes later when the crab came out, I looked like an idiot. I like this place as a nice change of pace in Las Vegas, it's different and when the food is dumped right in front of you, you have to bypass your usual table manners and just ripping into the food with your hands hoping you don't get juice in someone's eye from all the cracking. I never knew a roll of paper towels could vanish that fast. I didn't get to try much just the crawfish and the crab, marinated with lemon pepper and garlic butter respectively. The crab was good, what's not to like about snow crab legs? I just wish crab itself was cheaper because I'm hungry and 20 legs deep just makes me want more. The crawfish on the other hand, I can do without. Love the juices, but after about 30 crawfish I felt like all I had was a bowl of soup. Good place, medium layout, decently clean bathrooms (B-) and the more people the better.
5	WOW!! Hot and Juicy Crawfish was great. First time there and didn't know what to expect. We ordered 2 lbs of Garlic Butter Crawfish and 1 lb of Lemon Pepper Shrimp. Flavor was AWESOME!! The spice was to much and it was mild. I'm sucha a wimp. :( I would definitely recommend going there with a bunch of friends. Atmosphere was nice. I guess it'd be what you'd expect if you were in Lousiana. BUT I LOVE THE FOOD AND ID GO AGAIN!!
4	I went here so long ago... 2 years ago to be exact... but I can still remember how good this place was!  We ordered crawfish, king crab legs and shrimp and everything was a delicious mess!At the time service was fairly quick on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't crowded at all.  I dunno if things have changed in the last 2 years... judging from everyone's reviews... it seems like it's gotten better!
5	This place is sooo good! I am obsessed with this place! Whenever I'm in town, I have to stop by here! They're hot n spicy VERY SPICY crawfish is sooo good! Along with their soft shell crab basket is good too!
5	if you find yourself in Las Vegas, this place is a must go! We were seated right away...i got 1 lb of king crab legs and 1 lb of shrimp with lemon pepper seasoning and mild sauce...the mild sauce alone was hot, i cant imagine getting their hottest hot sauce...if you're not a big seafood person, like my girlfriend, they have chicken nuggets with fries...the chicken nuggets were very juicy, and the fries are indescribable definitely go back if i ever find myself in Vegasfor people in the bay area, hot n juicy crawfish pwns the boiling crab
4	Great, hole-in-the-wall type of seafood place! Have gone here a couple of times with my sea-food loving friends and their families, and everyone left very satisfied!The service was charming, and helpful, as the menu is a bit confusing as far as prices and options. The food was delicious! Probably one of the best raw oysters I've ever had! The spices used were out of this world! Just make sure to ask for mild if you can't handle spicy food.The location was authentic, right on the edge of Las Vegas China town. Servers spoke English and were informative. I really enjoyed my dining experience here and will be back when I have a craving for seafood.
4	So I just flew into Vegas tonight and pretty much headed straight here after checking into my hotel. What can I say, I was fiending. While I was a little skeptical reading some of the reviews from loyal Boiling Crab fans (because honestly, who doesn't love BC), I decided to give it a shot. So, let me reiterate that I have been to both Boiling Crab and Hot n Juicy, and each has their pros and cons. I personally think they stack up pretty well (and I have reviewed both).Pros for Hot n Juicy:1. Wait time was less than 10 minutes for a table for 2. It was a "slow" night for them (Monday) around 8ish but there was enough space to sit while waiting. While we were waiting, C and I searched their wall of Polaroids for Adam Richman's...of course, he had his own frame.2. Wait staff was friendly. Our server Amanda was excellent. She checked in with us frequently and let us know that the kitchen was closing and asked if we wanted any more food before then. After it was kind of cooled down a little (we were one of the last to leave) she came over and talked to us and we bonded over our dogs. I think that their wait staff is WAY nicer than BC's. They say hi as soon as you walk in the door...and they smile. Who'd have thought.3. Price is pretty good. After reading previous reviews, we decided to skip the crawfish, and we got 2 pounds of shrimp (with their version of BC's "whole shabang" sauce) with sausage (which are bigger), sweet potato fries, and 2 beers a piece and the total was less than $45. I saw complaints about the shrimp being overcooked, but ours was done perfectly.4. They have a full bar.Cons for Hot N Juicy:1. Their parking lot is tiny...fits maybe 20 cars. We had to park in the lot across the side street and walk over.2. Restaurant is a lot smaller than BC. If you go on a super busy night, it might take you a bit longer to get seated. That's the main reason that we went tonight instead of on a Saturday.3. You walk out of there smelling like crap. But...you would at BC too. So I guess that's not much of a con.In terms of the food...the level was about the same, although I will say this (and I hope it makes sense): while H&J was a little bit spicier, BC had more flavor to it. My friend and I both liked the sweet potato fries here better than at BC. The size of the sausage (har, har, har) was bigger at H&J. Beer prices were the same, which is a huge plus. You really can't beat $3 for a Corona. Both places have TVs, which at the time were playing the Lakers game.If I was in town again, I would probably end up going back. It's no BC, but it fills the void.I'd give it 3 3/4 stars, but I round up because I'm nice.
1	I have been to this place a few times , I thought they had the best crawfish in Vegas...As my bf and I kept going we noticed that the crawfish is not fresh at all. 4 Out of the 7 times we've been there some of the crawfish were black, now you know when it's not good at all when you open the crawfish and find black juice not just one crawfish but a few. Don't get me wrong their flavors are all there! You have to try the hot and juicy seasoning which is a mixture of everything. When they mean spicy they really mean it! The have other items on the menu for those who do not eat seafood like chicken wings and chicken nuggets. Service is okay, a few times they forgot my order and never checked up on us to see why we haven't all received our food. Not only that they never even apologized. Make sure the printer in the back is working!Oh yeah, Parking is a pain in the butt when it's busy!
5	My sister was in town and we both wanted to try this place after seeing it on Man v. Food (Travel Channel). As we pulled into the super small parking lot, we both noticed the sign that said $1 beers on Sunday and Mondays!!What we ordered: 2 lbs of crawfish in their Hot N Juicy sauce medium spicy (comes w/1 corn and 1 potato)1 lb of shrimp in the garlic butter sauce mild spicy-added 1 corn and 1 potatohad a couple heineken lights and blue moonsThe crawfish were a bit on the smaller side but the sauce was great. The medium spicy was a little too spicy for my sister, but perfect for me. The shrimps were big and the sauce was good too. The corn and potato were just ok.Next time I come here, I will pass on the crawfish. I will get shrimps for sure and probably try the blue crab.I hope they get some better soap in the restroom because I couldn't get the smell of the sauce off my hands until I washed them again back at the hotel. I'm glad I was just wearing tshirt and jeans because your clothes smell like the sauces when you leave the place.
1	I was SOOOO DISAPPOINTED in this place, I'd thought I write a review. Was there last week and almost walked out on Hot n Juicy. Worst service ever, nothing compared to the first time we've been there. Honestly, the first time we were there late last year food was awesome (almost as good as BC)Was there for a late late lunch and we were all starving. I recommended this spot to my fellow travelers and said it's worth the wait and just as good as BC. Waited for about 1 hour and this is a late late lunch around 2-3pm. Got seated and waiter took our order. He confirmed the order and everything was correct. Food came 15 min later. Sauce taste so watered-down, no flavor what so ever. Nothing like the first time we were there. Not only that our friend had ordered 2 lbs of king crab legs. 1 with their special sauce and 1 just steamed (plain.) Everybody got their food except for the steam crab legs. We kept reminding them that we still have not received it and it's been about 20 mins. 5 min later, still nothing. Told another waitress/waiter to check on it. Again, 5 mins later, still nothing. It's been 45 mins and still nothing. Everybody is done eating and one of us still have not gotten plain crab legs. WTH!!! So again, we ask if they have forgotten our order and they said No, it's on order. Told us crab legs takes an average of 25 mins to steam, but yet we got the first lb with sauce and everything in 15 min. Why does it take longer for plain crab legs? Everybody is completely done now and we still did not get the crab legs. We ask what was going on and they said, again we are doing everything we can to fulfill orders and it's very busy and for us to just hang in there. Nobody else was waiting to get seated. There were empty tables and people who came in after us was already finishing up their food. WTH!!! So we ask for the manager and the jerk in charge said with a smile "there's no manager available right now" and walked away. We saw the waiter ask him what was going on with their order and he threw his hands in the air, said "i dunno" and walked away. Obviously somebody was in charge at the time. WTH!!! And their apology to us was that they will not charge us gratuity since we were not happy. OMG!!! I can't believe this place even made it on the Travel Channel now. We paid for our food even after the way they treated us. Not only that, as I was walking to the restroom to wash my hands, the girl in charge was on the phone with the owner and was explaining to him how it happened and if he hears anything about it... that's what really happened. WTH!!! That did it!!! That was the last call!!! Never ever going there again and never going to recommend it to anybody else. Horrible!!!
5	I love this place!  Mudbugs, crawfish, crawdad, whatever you want to call them I love to eat them!  Another gem located way off the strip on Spring Mountain Rd which is asian food heaven from what I saw driving around.  The place was crowded which is always a good sign.  The crawfish was very fresh as I think we are nearing peak season.  Nice big juicy suckers with plenty of tail meat.  All crustaceans (crawfish, king/snow crab, dungeness crab, blue crab and shirmp) have a choice to be bathed with mild to extra spicy seasoning sauce.  The spice level is as stated.  No watering it down for the tourists.  When they mean spicy, it will be spicy.  Best to avoid the extra spicy unless you are participating in some food challenge or trying to show off.  Not really a first date kind of place but heck if you bring someone here you both should know what you are getting in to.  Parking is beyond tiny and likely you will need to park on the side street which is a little on the sketchy side.  The servers were all fun and eager to please with refills constantly coming.
4	Hot n' Juicy is an old favorite of mine located on Spring Mountain between Decatur and Jones. Hot n' Juicy is definitely the messiest eatery in town, and all the more fun because of it. Sometimes when I give that description people don't want to try it, but it would be a shame not to. Besides the fun of eating here, the food is great. How can you really go wrong with fresh seafood, butter, and Cajun seasonings?Today I ordered one pound of the crawfish ($9.99) and my husband ordered one pound of the snow crab ($13.99). We both asked for the Hot n' Juicy special seasoning, extra spicy! You are free to choose your heat level as well as the style of seasoning you prefer - Louisiana Style, Juice Cajun, Garlic Butter, or Lemon Pepper. Besides crawfish and snow crab, you can also order dungeness crab, blue crab, king crab, or shrimp.The first time I had a crawfish boil was at my brother's graduation from University of the South in Sewanee, Tennessee. I remember them dumping huge buckets of steamed crawfish onto the tables and everyone would just have at them, discarding the shells and heads onto neighboring tables. At Hot n' Juicy it's a little different, but not much. You are given bibs and your table is covered in white plastic that is accessorized with your own roll of paper towels. They bring your crawfish in plastic bags that are tied at the top to capture the heat. When you open the bag you get an aromatic burst of spicy steam that gets you really excited for what you are about to enjoy. This is where the fun starts. Crawfish are peel and eat little buggers that require somewhat of an experienced eater to navigate through them in order to get to the savory bits. First you must detach the tail, which you peel just as you would the tail of a shrimp. Then, and this is most flavorful part, you must suck the head by gently squeezing it into your mouth so you can get all the juices and inner goodness out of it. If this sounds totally disgusting to you, go for the crab. They supply you with crab crackers, but Ian and I agree they should probably pre-crack them for you to make the experience easier and allow all the seasoned butter to seep into the meat. Whatever you decide to get, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.If you order two pounds of crawfish you get a hunk of corn on the cob and a red potato in your bag, but since we ordered one pound each of different items we opted for the Cajun fries ($2.99). These came out hot n' spicy with a side of cooling ketchup. We managed to reserve some of the fries to dip in the juices at the bottom of our bags, and this was way better than the ordinary condiment. Who would have thought that you could make French fries even tastier and more unhealthy with the addition of seasoned butter? I guess Europeans serve their fries with mayonnaise, so I don't feel too guilty or out of line.By the time you are finished, it looks like Hurricane Katrina has hit your table leaving a mass of wet and crumpled paper towels in her wake. This is certainly not a prime location for a wedding reception, but if you don't mind getting your hands dirty in the name of taste, you really should try Hot n' Juicy almost any other time.
5	Friends were in town and we came here for dinner last night. What we ordered:2 lbs King Crab in Hot N Juicy sauce med spicy2 lbs shrimp in Hot N Juicy sauce med spicy + 1/2 dozen sausage1 lb shrimp in Hot N Juicy sauce extra spicy3 Blue Moons2 iced teas1 bud lightThe food was great. I wanted some shrimp in the Garlic Butter sauce but my friends only wanted the Hot N Juicy sauce. Oh well. There's always next time!!
4	DELISH!Reasonably priced, make sure to wear comfy clothes (you will need to pull your sleeves up and wash your cloths right after), spicier than average (so you may want to order a spice lower than usual on your first try), service was ehh but they were SUPER busy, parking sucks, bathrooms are eh..But what can I say, it definitely hits the spot when you are looking for a crawfish joint.
3	I was motivated to go here because I saw it featured on the Food Network, and I was hoping it could hold a candle to the Boiling Crab.  While to seafood was pretty good, it wasn't as spicy & flavorful as I had hoped for.  Go early as it tends to get crowded.  We went at 11am on a weekend and by the time we finished our meal, there was a line for tables.
4	fortunately, both times I've been here, we beat the crowds... the wait can get pretty long, if its crowded. the food here is good. i'd say its on par with boiling crab. we got the hot n juicy special. tried both spicy and very spicy. very spicy is not as killer as they hype it up to be, but the heat does build up over time. minus one star for sometimes slow service.
5	Delicious!!! Will be back next month...just to eat here!
5	delicious!!! you walk in and that smell of garlic hits you and you automatically become hungry. crawfish and blue crabs my fave, in Hot N Juicy sauce ( which is all of their sauces combined) the shrimp can be mushy if they're of bad quality. I havent had good quality yet so i tend to stay away from that. also order their fries and wings! super crispy and they stay that way throughout the meal. nom nom nom! i am glad theres one in vegas so i dont have to go to california to get a boiling crab fix.
4	Ok, the only reason why this place gets 4 stars is because this was my first experience going to any crawfish spot and I have no where else to compare it to.PROS: The shrimp was ridiculously good and damn spicy like I like it, crawfish was yummy too. Being a newbie I would say my first time was memorable =)CONS: Service was a bit whack at first but nothing major to bring the place down. I had to keep asking for water and my cousin had to re-order her shrimp because they didn't ask her what kind of sauce she wanted. Luckily, the rest of us were hungry and ate her order, and she re-ordered... so, it worked out!Beware! I was hurting after this... good lawd! If you plan on going to a club that night... make sure you go HOURS and HOURS before or else you're gonna have to go when you have to go. LOL.FINAL ANSWER: Go because it will suffice your craving!
5	I suggest to get the Crawfish if it's your first time there...and eventually work up to getting the Shrimp. I also suggest getting it with the Hot & Juicy sauce Mild (for the first time)..and if youc an handle the heat try it with an extra notch on the heat factor. Also...ask the server for salt, pepper, and limes on the side. Sqeeze the limes into the bowl of salt and pepper, then dip the crawfish or shrimp in there after soaking into the Hot and Juice sauce! OOO Mouth is watering as we speak! The deep fried soft shell crab and calamari was good too. OMG...the OYSTERS are my favorite! I love their cocktail sauce and their horseradish that comes with it. Nom Nom Nom!!!! Be prepared to get messy and to smell like garlic for 2 days straight after eating there. It is so worth it. Be careful, dinner time gets busy so good luck on having a "quick" dinner. Don't forget the cajun fries, corn and potato on the side. YUMMM!!!Oh you get a 3% discount if you pay in cash too. the crab bibs are famous now. and remember to ask for tons of paper towels!
4	during my vegas trip, i decided to stop by a crawfish restaurant! my friends and i were craving so we yelped out this place and decided to give it a try. being drunk the entire day gave us the biggest drink coma ever so we didnt get a cab til 1020 and didn't arrive here until 1040. service was great even when we came late and stayed super late.we ordered hot n juicy crawfish and shrimp along with the catfish basket. the catfish was pretty good and the fries were good too! surprisingly we actually finished the fries and the catfish. we ordered the crawfish/shrimp in med. because the server was persistent about noting how SPICY medium really is. the sauce was good but a tad bit salty and not really the cajun texture i really like. as for spice level, medium isn't really that spicy. my friend and her bf can't eat spicy stuff but they were able to eat the medium with no hesitation. i liked the potato that was in the bag YUM. the crawfish were HUGE and the shells were soft so i didn't leave with bloody pricked fingers= ]. the shrimp; however, were a little small and the heads were kind of bitter. we weren't able to finish it cuz we were so full already!i wonder why crawfish is priced differently in different areas? over here its 11$/lb. the catfish basket was 9 or 10$. it's about the same as in san jose. in LA it's 8$/lb and a catfish basket is about 8$. interesting! oh and they need to do something with the restroom because it's pretty dirty and a little gross.btw hot n juicy is coming to SF:)
4	Awesome place! Im always cravin it, mmmm!  It gets a 4/5 just because the server took a little long to get us things like the bill or drinks. This place is sure to get you messy, but the food is absolutely terrific and flavored with true Cajun flavors.  The food is spicy, reasonably priced and portioned.  Here's what I ordered:- 1lb of shrimp in the Hot N' Juicy special sauce (combination of all of their  signature sauces)- 1 corn-Order of Cajun friesMy total came to about $14  and I was still eating leftovers the next day.Also, they don't let you get half pounds, so you can either split with someone or get a full.
5	Probably the best Crawfish joint in Southwest USA! Imported FRESH from Louisiana.  This place is the real deal.  The last time I was there, we happen to run into former Louisianians and had said they were just as good as they had them back home.Be prepared to get messy.  You order by the pound.  They come in plastic bags and a tin bucket (for disposing shells).
5	Ah, Vegas. So yeah, I dined at the supremely elegant Fleur de Lys, downed steak at the trendy N9NE Steakhouse, and ate my frites at Bouchon - but nothing was quite as satisfying as rolling up my sleeves, donning a bib, and digging into a bag full of hot and juicy crawfish. After watching the Man vs. Food Vegas edition, we decided the trek off the strip was worth it for pounds upon pounds of seafood, all seasoned with the house signature, Hot and Juicy sauce.This is interactive dining, not for the faint-hearted. We ordered several pounds of Hot and Juicy crawfish, Hot and Juicy shrimp, king crab legs, chicken nuggets, corn& potatoes and cajun fries. While extremely inexpensive and delicious, be prepared to get down and dirty. If you can dig your beer under the mounds of crawfish and shrimp shells, take a long swig because even the mild sauce had my senses in a frenzy.Ask for extra paper towels. 3% off your bill if you opt to pay in cash. The wait can be long but at $3 a beer, the time will pass quickly.
5	I love this place! A few people have mentioned they saw this place on Man vs Food, that's what happened to us too. Saw it, then decided to check it out while we were in town. A no-frill place outside & inside, plastic sheets on the table with a roll of paper towel. They serve mainly seafood (shrimp, crawfish, crab legs, fried fish, etc). Your seafood comes with your choice of seasoning, which also comes with your choice of spiciness levels. I picked the Hot & Juicy Special seasoning in mild, which it still had a bit of a bite to it, with a robust garlic flavor. I loved it.Your seafood is delivered to your table in a plastic bag, and if you order any potato or corn on the side, they come in the same bag too, along with the seafood & seasonings. My husband ordered the fried catfish basket and he said they were good. No utensils, just you, your plastic bibs and your hands. So it does get quite messy. I ordered  pound each of crawfish, shrimp & crab legs. Just get down to cracking with my food & a few bottles of beer made for a nice, relaxed lunch while on vacation. The staff were nice & friendly. Since we were first-timers the girl who seated us explained the different seasonings & spice levels. She was very responsive, replenishing our drinks & clearing up items as we finish. Not cheap, but seafood usually isn't. I thought the market prices were fair. This will definitely become my Vegas spot to re-visit next time I come in town.
4	My cousin saw this place on the Food channel and added it to her list. We went late on a Monday night (they are only open until 10pm.) We ordered 2lbs of crawfish & 2lbs of shrimp, Hot & Juicy seasoning, medium. They were boiled in a bag and brought to the table in the bag. We also ordered Cajun fries that were hotter than expected. Fun place with great food.
5	My friends and I are big fans of Boiling Crab and Boat House, so we were excited to find a Cajun seafood restaurant when we were in Vegas. I'm totally over eating at buffets when in Vegas because I can no longer justify paying $40+ for AYCE when I can't even eat a lot anymore. I did notice that some Yelpers have mentioned seeing this place on Man Vs. Food. I guess I must have missed that episode, but I did see Adam's picture framed on the wall there!I ended up eating the shrimp, dungeness crab, and crawfish with mild garlic butter sauce. I usually order mild whenever I eat at Boat House or Boiling Crab, which is the perfect amount of spicy for me, but here at Hot N Juicy Crawfish, mild was a little too hot for me to handle. Our server did warn us that their food was a little bit spicier than other places, so I should have better prepared myself. It took a while for our party to finish the food because everyone's mouths were on fire, but we won the battle against the food, even if it was only mild!
4	Looking for some crawfish?  Like it Hot?  Like it Juicy?  Well Holy Apple Jack's Batman I found it!  Something I didn't expect, but oh what a pleasant surprise.  Tables are covered with plastic and a roll of paper towel is your complimentary item, which you'll need.  This place is all about the food, from the time you eat til the time you leave the smell of garlic and spices will linger.  The spicy is really really spicy!        Your tools left hand/Right hand.  The object?  To Eat.    For 3 people:Medium1lb of Shrimp2 lbs of CrawfishCorn + Potato + BeverageOh so tasty.Decor:4Food:4Service:4Would I go back?  You bet your pastrami I would!
5	OK its 3 days since I ate here and I can still smell garlic on my fingers! This place was one of the best parts of my Vegas trip. The complainers about this place can only complain about waiting. I would wait an hour or more no problem! The service was outstanding. When they dumped those bags of seafood on the table without utensils or plates, I knew it would be good. We ordered the crawfish hot n juicy style but mild and the garlic shrimp. Both were great but the crawfish are alot of work for a little meat so my favorite was peeling the shrimp and dipping it in the hot n juicy sauce from the crawfish. MMMMMMM! I can still taste em. I will go here every trip to Vegas from here on out! We went on a weekday and had no wait at all but it was busy.
4	Hot & Juicy crawfish is a nice, tasty alternative to the bland, pricey food on the Strip. Located in Chinatown, less than 10 minutes from the Strip, this joint was also featured on Man Vs. Food. I honestly wasn't looking too forward to eating here (I'm not huuuuuuge on seafood) but my bf really was, so I manned up and we went.We ordered 2 lbs of the Hot & Juicy special sauce + medium spice level. The waitress did warn us that their spice levels are a little higher than most places, but I thought "Eh, it'll be fine." No! No! Not fine! This is liquid death! But it hurts SOOOOOOOOO good. The sauce is succulent and ridiculously flavorful. But it burns, all the way down to your soul. Oh boy does it burn. Be careful of what you order. After a while I couldn't even taste what was happening, the crawfish were so hot. I recommend getting a side dish (we got rice) to help soak up the heat, it really helps. It also is awesome that they offer free refills on your drinks, because trust me, you TOTALLY need it. After every bite I needed a huge gulp of cold liquid.Oh, and after you eat here, make sure you're going to be very close to a toilet for the next couple of hours. Oh! And if you pay in cash, you get 3% off!
5	I love this place. Now I have never been to Louisiana or anywhere in the South, so I can't compare it to anything "authentic". But I really have to say this place is awesome. You have a mixture of different people eating and working there. It's an awesome casual place to hang out, watch sports, and most importantly enjoy some crawfish. You really can't go wrong with the Hot n Juicy Special. It's packed with flavor. I really like spicy foods but when I ordered extra spicy, I really thought I needed a two liter with me to just get through the meal. The only downside to the restaurant is the parking. There is absolutely no parking during the weekend at dinner time. If you happen to park in the massage parking spot for two seconds (I happened to be picking up a to go meal), this angry little Asian woman will come out screaming at you. So if you are coming for dinner, be prepared to park in the next plaza.
5	Love me some Hot N' Juicy!!!! Quick update to yesterday's visit to HNJ with my younger brother. Took him their for a quick bite and he loved the crawfish and shrimp in garlic butter (mild; I usually prefer spicy). I noticed a few new employees since my last visit. They waitress was very polite and held a quick conversation while taking our orders. Service was prompt and the food was up to its usual greatness; all around fantastic once again at Hot N Juicy!
5	This place is the BOMB!  My family is from Louisiana, therefore I'm familiar with the way crawfish is supposed to taste.  This restaurant is by far the best place I've ever been outside my family's kitchen. Warning: The Spicy Hot & Juicy seasoning is just that, SPICY!!! But so GOOD!!!
5	After seeing this place on Man vs. Food and multiple pictures on my friend's Facebook page, I had to make a pit stop here while I was in Vegas.  The crawfish was good but super duper exceptionally bodaciously spicy.  You order the crawfish by the pound and it was $9.99 a pound and get to choose the seasoning sauce.  The specialty here is the hot and spicy, which you then get to choose mild, medium or hot.  Let me tell you, even if you can eat really spicy food, choose mild because it's going to so burn going in and coming out!  I can usually handle spicy food very well but found the mild here to be really hot.  The garlic in the hot and spicy sauce really came through and made the crawfish really really good!  In fact I think this place is even better than the crawfish boil restaurants that I've been to in both New Orleans and Houston. We came here on a Thursday night and found it to be about half full which was to our surprise because we had heard it can be at least a 30-40 minute on weeknights and longer on weekends.  I guess we just lucked out.  3% discount if you pay in cash.  The total for the two of us came to $41 dollars with tax and tip; this included 2 pounds of crawfish, sweet potato fries, beer, rice and extra corn and potato.  Awesomeness is achieved here and this time man won, at least until his visit with the porcelain goddess later in the evening!
2	We had a less than stellar experience here.  We ordered a pound of shrimp and a pound of crawfish to share between my wife and I, which would have come to about $23 at current market price.  When the waiter dropped off my bag it seemed unusually beefy, and when he returned with the wife's shrimp, it too seemed large.  I asked him if these were one pound bags and he replied, "No, two pounds each.".  I told him we didn't order 2 pounds of each, just one, and he basically just shrugged his shoulders at us as if to say, "Oh well, you've got em now." and walked away.I had to get up and go track him down to explain to him that I did not want that much food and did not want to spend $50 on lunch and that he needed to figure out another option.  He came back to our table and picked up our food, then returned with the proper amounts.The food itself was OK, not great as other reviews state.  Crawfish seemed on the tiny side, and many of the shrimp were a bit overcooked and mushy.  Flavor was tasty though, we had the mild Hot N Juicy seasoning.This place wasn't worth the drive from the hotel for us, but maybe we just caught them on a bad day.I would say this place is worth a shot, but I really can't recommend it based on my one and only visit.
4	We've been coming here ever since they opened, you know, before they were uber popular because of Man vs. Food, before there was an hour wait to get seated,... We'd be the only ones in the restaurant and those days are long gone.  Plain and simple, the food is good. We had Crawfish and shrimp with garlic butter- less than mild, 2 sides of rice... OK, I love garlic but there's an abundance of it in the food. If you're not a fan of garlic, you are NOT going to like this  particular sauce. The taste and smell of the food is pretty strong, thanks to the massive amounts of garlic, you can smell like seafood and garlic for a couple days after you eat here... No matter how many times you shower, no matter how many times I tried to get rid of the smell, it just would not go away. So if you've got some where to be and the smell of garlic and seafood will not be so appealing to the people around you, I suggest to come back another day because, it's no joke, the smell STICKS for days :) (I'm doing laundry today, 2 days later and my purse and clothes still smell like garlic)
4	Just freaking finger licking good I say! My friend and I had a pound each of shrimp with the hot & juicy seasoning. It was really good. How can you not grin when a pound of shrimp in a bag is put before you? No need for utensils - use your hands!!! It's finger food to the max. We also had an order of garlic fries and can I just say - pure heaven. Definitely good stuff and it'll be one of my next stops when I'm in LV again!
5	For a long time I had been craving for some seafood and I don't mean fish and chips, or fish sticks, or Long John Silvers.  I mean SEAFOOD: crab legs, oysters, and shrimp (or how Australians call it, Prawns).  I never could find any place that had these items.  My withdrawals could be compared to a crack addict waiting for the next fix.I was with my cousin exploring Townsquare Wine Walk on night a couple of weeks ago.  Our expedition was only to end there, but when I'm with my cousin or cousins I always want to end it with food.  I remembered his review on Hot N Juicy Crawfish which gave me the idea of going.  I swear, driving from Townsquare to the restaurant felt like a five minute drive since I flew down the I215 and drove 60 miles per hour on the side streets.  Not that it mattered since there was a thirty minute when we arrived.As always I do observe the host/hostess on how I'm greeted.  The first thing I noticed was their smile just beamed like a ray of sunshine.  Was that too much?  It just seemed like they love where they work and like what they do.  Peeking through the window as I waited, all I saw were shrimps, lobsters, crabs, and corns laid out on the table lined with off white paper cloth.  This definitely heightened my excitement.Finally, we got seated.  My cousin and I ordered a pound of shrimp, a pound of king crab, and half dozen of oysters with four sides of corn in their Hot N Juicy spice mix.  As the server came with our order, it was brought in a plastic bag filled with a lot of butter and the spice mix.   I've never had food served in a plastic bag looking like a doggy bag ready to be taken home.  It's a very interactive way of dining as there was no where to place the shells, only on the table.  So in the end you get from a plastic filled shrimp and crab legs to a table filled with empty shrimp shells and crab shells.  It's the most fun I've had eating here.  My boyfriend just told me that this girl he knows says it was just okay.  She must've been drunk or upset about some drama that she didn't see the goodness of this place.  But whatever.I would definitely go back and eat here again and again.  The relaxed atmosphere and interactive dining is worth coming back for.  Kudos to you Hot N Juicy Crawfish for being one of the best seafood restaurants in Vegas.
5	So worth the trip to Vegas! I loved the hot n spicy mild seasoning, although mild it still has a kick that will keep ur mouth burning. Trust me get at least two pounds per person, and add a pound or two of the shrimp!! After having crawfish at hot n juicy, nothing else even compares. Bring it over to md pleaseeeeee!!!!!
4	Been wanting to come for a while and get this off my list. I was kinda worried as most things hyped can very well disappoint. Did a UYE here today and it was a ton of fun getting hot N MESSY with some of Vegas finest eaters.BF and I got some crawfish and shrimp- both with mild hot n juicy sauce....with the HNJ sauce- it's a notch up in spice than the others. A mild is more like a medium so keep that in mind if you cant do the spice. It was nicely flavored and GARLICKY so plan to have time to shower a few times before seeing other people! MMmm garlic. Other sauces can be had with zero spice for those who can't do heat (garlic butter, cajun, etc).The shellfish was very fresh. I rarely eat crawfish since the last few places I've gotten it at  it tasted like mud. It was fresh, juicy and "clean" (no mud) aftertaste. Shrimps were a good size and not overcooked- still succulent and had "the snap". We also put half a dozen andouille  sausages in with our shrimp (meaning half a dozen slices- not individuals sausages) which were great in the sauce. Ask for some lime/lemons and salt and pepper. I find when it gets a bit too spicy, dipping the meats in lemon helps balance the HNJ sauce out.For sides I needed my rice! Hahaha I swear, a Filipino girl can't have shrimpies with no white rice. It was $2 for a small bowl and I can easily devastate a few bowls when I'm eating spicy...so in that sense- they are making a killing off this per scoop thing. BF wanted some sweet potato fries- pretty good, but for nearly $5 I think it's overpriced for what it is. That's where some places get ya- a la carte sides.  We also had ice teas and a blue moon. It came to nearly $50.Major kudos to the staff for accommodating 16 peeps and keeping the service going consistently. I would die if I was eating spicy foods and drinks are neglected. SO glad I didn't get a HNJ sauce with a medium level!!! They keep up on drinks and kept checking in on us and I definitely appreciate attentive service. This place was a fun experience, but definitely brings out the inner OCD where I am hoping for a bucket or a plastic bag even to appear so I can hide the shells from myself and keep the table clean. Hell, I even had shrimp brains all over my arms from myself and my table mates so dont wear your finery here!  I understand though why some esteemed yelpers like Teri C. are regulars as it is fresh and tasty, but since it's such a messy experience. With a need for a shower to remove the seafood garlic smell, I doubt I can do this too often. I say, what a good call for a UYE though. At this point if I can be dripping shrimp juice off my face and squirting my neighbor from the head cracking, then really whats there to be shamed of in front of the Yelp crew?  I will come back for shrimps again. I like crawfish time to time, but for the per pound price and naturally small body with a big heavy head it's not always worth the trouble. I can also only eat so much of the head buttery tamal/brains. I feel then the crawfish is slightly wasted since the head makes for half the animal and seems like half the reason to have them. I have a cousin who I know would love this place, so I know there will be a future trek.  I am curious about their fried softshell crab and maybe some oysters I can dip in HNJ sauce. I will bring a lot of wet wipes and a change of clothes for next time.
4	Attended an awesome UYE last night and had a blast getting messy with some of Yelp's finest. My family is from New Orleans so I grew up on crawfish and crab boils. My standards are pretty high for crawfish and this place delivered! They have so many flavors and spice levels to choose from ! We got the 2 lbs of crawfish with the Hot & Juicy Special flavor with no spice. I know that sounds lame, but trust me, the "no spice" is still plenty hot. The mild is more like a medium and medium = HOT. Be careful when you order here people! The waitress steered us to the "no spice" and I'm very thankful she did. They were perfect. We also got 1 lb of the snow crab. The snow crab were some of the best I've had in Las Vegas. Absolutely no comparison to the snow crab you get on the buffet lines ! Soo the biggest con about this place is its' hella EXPENSIVE! I honestly could throw down 4-5 lbs of crawfish in one sitting but at $9.99 a freaking lb I couldn't justify spending $50 on dinner when I could get a steak at the nicest steak restaurant in Vegas for that price. I guess I'm spoiled coming from TX and New Orleans where crawfish over $5 a lb is considered highway robbery!! My mom died when I told her I spent $9.99 on crawfish. I know we're in the desert so we have to pay a premium for everything, but geez... I wish I could say I'll be returning frequently, but with my appetite for crawfish I can only afford to eat here every once in awhile!!
4	First experience at HNJ last night as part of the UYE (unofficial Yelp event) and I had a good time. There were a good 18 or so of us there and everyone seemed to enjoy their food. The servers were very friendly and helpful. The place was packed but the food came out really quick once it was ordered. I had Blanche meet me there and neither of us were into the whole eating crawfish and messy thing so we took the easy way out and got some baskets.I ordered the Fried Shrimp basket (10pieces) for around $10.00 and a side order of sweet potato fries for $4.50. Blanche ordered the Fried Catfish basket that comes with fries for $9 and change.The fried shrimp was delicious. Cooked perfectly and nice size pieces of shrimp. However, at pretty much a dollar a shrimp I thought it was very overpriced.The sweet potato fries I could eat every day. So good. A bit overpriced at nearly $5 for a medium size basket of fries but oh well.Beer was $2.50 for domestics and $3 for imports. Not bad. Was a little disappointed to have them run out of Bud Light after the first one I ordered. I usually don't like switching beers once I start drinking one but I made an exception to try a Blue Moon.Overall it was a cool place and everyone else seemed to be having fun "playing" with their food. Or maybe its "working" on their food because it seemed like it got difficult at times.On a last note.. I do wish they would work on the temperature in their. I think it was cooler outside.
4	Yummy..yummy...YUMMY!  Found out about this place from Man Vs. Food and Adam did not disappoint!  Parking kinda sucks though... Not a big fan of the crawfish but ordered some anyway, and yep..still don't like them, the shrimp is great though. I guess we got lucky with time since there was no wait for tables. We got served promptly but got slow later on. Overall experience is good. Most likely visit again when I'm in town :)
4	Oh, the very moment I stepped into Hot N Juicy Crawfish I knew I'd love it.  I sat down, looked at my foodie friend and said, "I know I haven't eaten anything yet, but can we come back soon?" Lol.The smell of the garlic fills the small restaurant, and the smiles upon everyone's face makes you want to smile along with them.  I go to lunch every Saturday at 2:00 pm, and most places are dead, but this place was packed, with movement and chatter...it really has an incredible vibe!The service was great for how busy it was and the wait staff was all friendly, our waitress explained the menu to us and also answered our questions thoroughly ( I was REALLY hoping the pictures on the walls were because of some type of eating contest, but...it was just pictures of customers..drat)We ordered 1 lb of crawfish, Hot N Juicy Special flavor, medium.  I didn't think it was TOO spicy, but I'm not sure If I'd go up a notch on spiciness, because I'm a wuss.  We also ordered the calamari and Cajun fries.The crawfish were AMAZING. I've never had crawfish before, so I honestly can't compare it to others, but it was down-right delish in my book.  I got a kick out of my friend squirting himself in the face with crawfish juice, and wish I went with a group of friends, as most of the people there did. I would order the crawfish again in a heart beat! But I would get 1 lb to myself instead of sharing, because it was sooo nummy! Next time I'm probably going to try the King Crab legs, oooh yess.The Calamari seemed really good at first, but the more I ate it the more salty it seemed to be...I probably wouldn't order them again because there are so many more appetizers to try! Next time I will probably try the fried catfish!The cajun fries weren't my cup of tea, a little too spicy for poor little me.  My dear friend grubbed on them though, said he really liked em.It was a lot of fun getting down and dirtay, and working for my food. And honestly, I would TOTALLY recommend eating here as a first date, whats a better way to get to know someone then being knee deep in delicious crawfish?
4	Date/Time:   Monday - 1:30pmOccasion:    LunchParty of:   TwoOrdered:   One lb crawfish and one lb shrimp hotnjuicy style with medium spiciness, one lb shrimp spicy, and chicken wing basket with friesLocation:   Fun seafood style decor; nothing fancy; large spaceTotal incl gratuity:   $53I love cajun style crawfish and was eager to try this place out while on my trip to Vegas.  It's off the strip near Chinatown.  We walked in and were greeted by very friendly staff members.  The food was great!  A lot less sauce than the crawfish places I've tried in the Bay Area.  If you like spicy foods, definitely go with spicy....medium is nothing!  The seafood is very fresh!  You can tell because it's easy to take the meat out.  I think their sauce is really good - you will literally find smashed garlic in the sauce, which makes is all the more yum-O!  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.  The service is great.  The waitress has very quick and very friendly.  She informed us that they'll be opening one up in SF pretty soon so I'll be looking forward to that.  One caveat - be prepared to have garlic cajun breath for many hours after you've eaten here.  No, it doesn't even go away after a handful of mints and mouthwash.  So worth it tho...
4	I like this place and agree with everyone else...The crawfish was yum.  The seasoning was perfect with the perfect amount of spice.  Thank you for the gradual scale of spicyness.Can I get some wet wipes or something though?Service is kind of slow.  It was busy but you would think they would compensate with more than one or two servers on a Friday night.
4	I enjoy spicy foods, and this place meet my needs for spiciness. Eating Crawfish is messy but damn it's so good.
4	Saw this place many times when visiting Pho #1, but never plan to try it until I saw it on Man vs Food. Even though I had better Cajun style crawfish in Houston, this place is not bad. Compared with all the cajun style crawfish and shrimp place in Vegas, this place is actually awesome. For those who compared this place to other places in California, DON'T. THIS IS NOT CALIFORNIA. My buddies and I made quite regular visit to this place when we want a place to drink and munch on some good seafood.  Cold beer + spicy shrimp/crawfish = yum yum. One advice - the dungent crab is very expensive and doesn't absorb the sauce flavor good, so all you have is one expensive steamlike crab.
4	I, too, saw the segment on Man v. Food and was immediately intrigued.  A crawfish place in Nevada?  And it's supposed to be GOOD?  Hmmm..  Alright, you got me.  Let's go.Touched down in Vegas at 5pm, checked into the hotel, and took a cab off the Strip to Hot and Juicy Crawfish.  It was a Monday night, and yet, the wait time for a table was 45 minutes!  Wow, really??  I was irritated, but at the same time, I was excited.  This must be really good if all these locals are lined up here waiting for crawfish!After pacing back and forth and continually asking the waiters if our table was ready for about 45 minutes, we finally got seated.  Our table was buzzing with anticipation.  I ordered two pounds of the Garlic Butter ($10.99/ per lb.).  They have a lot of other seafood as well, but I came here for the crawfish!   And it was DELICIOUS!  They weren't as big as I've had them, but they were cooked perfectly and the seasoning was amazing.  After we finished eating, I was a bit startled when I got the bill.  $10.99 per pound of crawfish??  Supermarkets in Dallas sell crawfish for less than $2 a pound!  I guess you have to factor in the cost of shipping fresh crawfish from Louisiana all the way to Las Vegas, Nevada - which apparently they do EVERY day.  Is this the best crawfish I've ever had?  I'd say it's on par with the Boiling Crab, which is my favorite crawfish place in Dallas.  And it's only $4.99 a pound there!   However, if you're in Vegas, there's not a whole lot of alternatives.  If you love fresh crawfish, this is the place to go. Pros: fresh crawfish, garlic butter seasoning is deliciousCons: $10.99 a pound!  Always busy, expect a long wait time
4	You can definitely smell that this place serves garlic, and lots of it.  I saw this place on the Travel channel and had to try it since I'm a fan of Boiling Crab in So. Cal.  The crawfish is good, but doesn't have a lot of meat, so instead I recommend that you opt for shrimp.  As for choice of sauce, I definitely recommend the Hot N' Juicy Special - almost as good as Boiling Crab.  The red potatoes and corn on the cob are good choices for add-ons and come right in the bag with the seafood smothered in sauce.  You WILL use your hands to eat, and you WILL get dirty and possibly reek of garlic for the next few days.  So this place is a definite no for a 1st or even 2nd and 3rd date (or the day before any date).As for price, the bill came out to around $60 for 2 people (shrimp, crab, sides and  2 ice cold beers).I give this place 3.7 stars.
3	My very first time I went was with the same person I always eat out with if it isn't my boyfriend, so I might as well introduce you to my friend Mikhail.. not a yelper, yet! haha.. Anyway, it was both our first time & I have never tried crawfish before.We ended up getting sharing the two bags [2lbs each?] of juicy cajun crawfish, the soft shell crab basket w cajun fries, and calamari. I felt like such a newbie trying to open the crawfish, I splashed myself a couple times, but that's what the bibs are for, right? The flavoring was great; we ordered medium & it was just enough for me. My nose was running a little & my eyes got watery, but I enjoyed it. I think next time I'll stick with crab legs cause I definitely have that down to a science ;) The cajun fries were straaight up cajun! I'd have to stop myself after a while because it would get a little spicy. Soft shell crab was good, just wanted marinara sauce from the calamari instead of the tartar that the soft shell came with :) The calamari was house made, but it wasn't anything fancy for me. There's only a few places where I can say that's GREAT calamari. The service was average, it was a Sunday & the Lakers were playing Orlando so we had to wait for a good 20 minutes for a table for two. I didn't realize that the restrooms were in two different spots, but our table was against the wall for the mens restroom & I was washing my hands before & after we ate. My bad fellerz!The weird thing is that at the bottom of the receipt says you get a 3% discount if you pay cash.. I don't get it, do you have to present the check with the cash, then get a new receipt with the new balance? They already use enough disposable stuff & use styrofoam cups so I don't really think they're going green anyway. Blah, maybe I'm going crazy because I'm yelping & it's already 6am!! Random.. and awkward receipt though. I will be back Hot N Juicy! The simplicity of the menu & your system is definitely working, so much props. I'll probably come back on a weekday because that day was madness~
1	Im a big fan and always spoke above and beyond about the awesome food that they serve here.  I usually come to eat about 3x a month and never had an issue with the service until last nights horrible experience with the servers/workers.  So several of my friends and I decided to hit up the place after a pool concert for a quick fix of Hot N Juicy shrimp.  We walk in 5 minutes before they close and was promptly greated by our server who ended up later giving us a really bad attitude.  But before I get ahead of myself, she initially tells us that we have 2 minutes to put in our order.  Because we come there very often we knew what we wanted and did not hesitate to waste time and gave her our order.  We ordered 4lbs of shrimp, Louisiana Style, plain with extra spicy Hot N Juicy Sauce on the side along with some lemons and salt and pepper.  The same way we order it every time.  We had also ordered  1/2 a dozen of chicken wings.   Not more than five minutes later we get our order, but not how we had ordered specifically.  The extra spicy hot and juicy sauce had come all mixed in with the 4lbs of shrimp that we ordered making it very spicy, painful to the mouth, and unenjoyable.  But because we walked in prior to closing, we did not want to hassle the kitchen and waiter to remake our food.  Instead we asked our waiter  for some extra hot butter to help balance out the spiciness in our food. Our waiter stated that the kitchen was closed and that there was nothing that she could do.  So I had asked politely to speak to a manager.  But our waiter told me that there was no manager available.  We then asked her if there anything that she can do to make our food less spicy and more enjoyable but she still persisted that there was nothing that she could do and that the kitchen was closed.  Regretfully, I was upset and had belittled her in front of my friends using inappropriate language.    After getting no response or help from our waiter, we began to remove ourselves from the table and left the mostly untouched food on the table and headed towards the door.  We had barely eaten any food because of how spicy it was.  We were then greeted and cussed out by a  who claimed to be a manager.  He threatened that he would remember us and told us to "fuck off".  And I'm sorry to say that he received the same treatment back.  Shortly after another guy who also claimed to be the manager tried to listen to the situation and made us believe that he had understood what went wrong.  He stated that he would have this issue taken care of with another manager the following day and we gave him our contact information for them to contact us.  He shortly after sent us on our way.  Since we were still oh so hungry we went across the street to eat some Pho.  Five minutes into eating, Las Vegas Metro Police walks in stating that the Hot N Juicy staff claimed that we dined in and ran off with our tab unpaid. We ended up being forced to pay for food we didn't order and eat.  What a way to lose business Hot N Juicy.  Im still working to write a letter to the owner of this place.  What sucks is that I really really love the food and would love to go back to eat there.  It just sucks!  If our waiter knew the kitchen couldn't fully accomodate our needs she should have never sat us down to eat.
5	Excellent food and friendly atmosphere. Had crawfish and shrimp. Delicious!!!!! The fries added the final touch to the meal. A must place to go when we visit Las Vegas.
1	Sadly, food is good, but SERVICE IS HORRIBLE! Definitely has gone DOWNHILL since new employment! Mario needs to be FIRED!
4	Cajun seafood at its best.  I recommend the snow crab legs and shrimp ($10/lb).  The crawfish ($11/lb) was tasty, but it's so much work to get to the small pieces of meat. We ordered everything in medium, but even that was pretty spicy!  I can't imagine what extra spicy tastes like.  Your bowels would probably be in butt-clenching agony.
4	Love it...this time we skipped the crawfish (too much work) and opted for 2pounds of shrimp. Wished we had gotten one pound of shrimp and one pound of crab legs like the people seated next to us..oh well, still awesome.  We got it medium spice and Hot N'Juicy special- got the extra sauce to put on rice...OH HELL YEAH...the sauce on the rice alone was DELISH!We also got soft shell crab and chicken wings..everything was very GREAT...stuffed ourselves silly that's for sure..
1	Ummm...Lainie B. or Larnia B. needs to take this rating as constructive criticism and do something about it, instead of calling me names and posting it on Yelp. If you can't handle the criticism, hunny, learn to give good service. I guess Man vs. Food did a good job featuring the crawfish, but not the employees!
1	Due to the hot n juicy staff's deficiency in basic customer service, neither I nor my associates in Vegas will be returning. It's owner should really re-evaluate his/her front of house team to avoid losing any more business than it alrdy has.  The level of etiquette they lack is profound.  Should they continue on the same path, their business levels will ultimately diminish.  Good luck.
1	Just found out one of the employees there that night seeked retaliation by messaging my friend calling her a stupid b*****. Really impressive! Good thing the iphone has such a thing called screen shot. Not really smart of you to have your name huh... I could possibly post it as a picture here or maybe send it over to Tim. hmmmm
4	I have been to this place twice and ordered 2lbs of crawfish each time. I usually get the hot n juicy special which is a mixture of all the other flavors. I like spicy foods so of course I had to get it spicy. Overall not bad, I've had better for a cheaper price but in Vegas you can't go wrong with Hot N Juicy for your crawfish fix. Did not try anything else other than the cajon fries which were pretty good also...I believe the price is about $10/lb of crawfish, you have to order at least two lbs in order to get the corn and potato which I found odd because I have been to places that gives you corn and sausages with your order. Anyhow you have to give this place a try, just don't go here for dinner if you have plans on going out because you will smell like HOT n Juicy Crawfish when you leave haha.Enjoy
5	OMG.....shrimp with Hot and Juicy Special sauce on extra spicy level. I'm hooked now. And I'm thinking about this all the time now. at the gym, home and work... I work on the strip hotel and drove by this place every day on my way to work. But I'd never thought I would eat  here. Looking from outside... is not so fancy. I was totally wrong The best seafood ever. My husband is a executive chef and he is always sooooooo critical about every food we order. Even he is hooked. Highly recommending.
4	I have been to Hot n Juicy a couple times now. Each time being a wonderful experience!First time, got 1lb crawfish, 1lb shrimp and 1lb snow crab to share amongst my boyfriend and I. Ended up taking 1/2 the bag of shrimp home. I love the seasoning! Its so tasty and spicy! Very thick and messy! I love that they provide a bib (very much needed!)Surprisingly, I didn't care too much for crawfish. I feel like it was so much work just for a little piece of tail. The shrimp on the other hand, much more meatier and I guess I like the taste of the heads on shrimp than I did with the crawfish. The crab was da bomb as well! Second time around, only ended up getting shrimp and snow crab again! We got the seasoning where you mix everything together! sooooo good! You pay extra for corn, red potatoes and sausage. I usually add a couple corns and potatoes to the bag.IF it is busy, you will have to wait awhile. You can occupy youself by looking at the wall of poloroid pictures. Trust me, even though its torture waiting to be seated and seeing all this delicious smelling food coming out, ITS WELL WORTH IT!
4	i wasn't expecting such a large crowd at 8 pm on a Monday but we got a table (a big booth for just the two of us) so FIRST thing you do is call ahead and see how the wait is. nobody likes to wait having to smell the delicious garlicky joy of this place while hungry. nobody.  ordered some oysters for an appetizer, they were so good we put in for another order. beer is cold and cheap. now to the juicy part. three kinds of Crawfish were ordered. the hot and juicy special extra spicy, juicy Cajun and a garlic one. the hot and juicy special extra spicy is only for those that love hot foods. i do, so i was happy. to be honest start with the least hot and work your way up because after eating the extra spicy and drinking the beer i couldn't really tell the difference between the juicy and the garlic. my hands smelled like garlic for days after, wear the lobster bib, don't eat on a first date unless you have a great sense of humor, the service is excellent. the only and i mean ONLY downside is we never received any sides we ordered, i would eat here once a week if i lived closer.
1	Since the last post, Lainie B./Larnia B./Zen O./whatever her name is has closed her account. So much for that. I hope everyone has been able to go HOT & JUICY to experience the food and I hope the service was better served with you than with my group of friends. I've been in the hospitality industry for over 5 years now, and regardless if it's the F&B industry or the hotel industry, the service you give to your customers is KEY to the success of the business. But here's what I don't get...why "ruin" the food but make it extremely SPICY to a point no one can eat the food just because you just want them to get out of your restaurant? If that's the case, why not tell the customer that the kitchen is closing and you have already seated the last table instead of telling them they have 2 minutes to order! As memory should have serve you RIGHT, the group of people you just TRIED to push away have been loyal customers of HOT & JUICY since DAY 1; so of course it'll take less than 2 minutes to order! I am definitely still raving about this because I still cannot believe how rude people can be. Sadly, I miss the food. But I shall stand my ground until Lainie B. and Mario can apologize publicly for treating customers the way they did. As an employee of an establishment, regardless of your level of management in the restraunt, you DO NOT SWEAR at your customers! I hope no one else gets the service my friends experienced.
3	3.5was in vegas for the weekend, and a friend of mine came here before, and i wanted to try it...then i found out man vs. food was here to have the crawfish as well...so i was super excited!we came here around 6:30 on a sunday night...and the wait was about 30 minutes...ok not bad, well just have a couple beers while we wait....then the girl come up to us as says...theyre all out of crawfish. WHAT?!?!? this place says hot and juicy CRAWFISH in the name...hwo can you run out??? -1ok...so we were debating whether or not to stay, but we did make the trip off the strip to come here (yes..we came a long way..haha) so we decided to stay.we ordered 2lbs of shrimp, and one dungeoness crab, fries, corn, susage....all hot and juicy special, spicy. i also wanted etouffee, but they ran out of that as well! UGH. so we settled for bowl of rice -_-well when the food came, it was prety good and spicy. well let me tell you, normall yi would have gotten 2lbs of crawfish and 1lb of shrimp, and that would have been enough for 2 people, but since there were no crawfish, we ordered 2lbs of shrimp and one crab...2lbs of shrimp..is TOO much for 2 people. 1lb would have been sufficient. anyways, the foods was pretty tasty, but i cant help but compare it to boiling crab in california...which i love..and i think it tastes better...and they dont ever run out of crawfish... -.5 so...yea....thats about it.
5	I had been driving by this place all week long and noticed crowds of people waiting here in the evenings so I figured I give this place a try. I lucked out for a Thursday evening I only waited only around ten minutes to be seated. I ordered one pound of Hot and spicy Crawfish, one pound of the garlic butter shrimp, and a side of corn on the cob. The seafood was so tasty fresh and juicy, I ordered mild and it had just the right kick to get you all hot and flustered. The Crawfish were decent sized with a great tasting sauce and the large sized shrimp with heads were awesome tasting. The side of corn was really yummy cus they put garlic butter sauce on - and it's was sweet and delicious. The restaurant is really casual and I noticed they do a great take out business also. I would really recommend this place especially if your into eating with your hands and getting dirty with your food.
5	This place is awesome!!!!!  Oysters are so delicious and sweet.   The best and cheapest in the las vegas valley.  crawfish were delicious, but don't order it too hot as the spice overwhelms the delicate crawfish meat.  Mild still gives a good kick.  The shrimp are cooked with the heads which makes the plump shrimp meat so delicious and moist.  A helpful tip is to get there before 5:30pm on friday and saturday, otherwise you will be waiting for a while to get seated.
4	Yay! I finally got to have the hot-n-juicy experience.  It took years and family visiting from out of town to go.  I could never get the place to appeal to the hubby.  He was never thrilled with the idea of eating from a bag and leaving the shells on the table.  He's not big into making a mess, but me on the other hand...the dirty just makes it taste better, right?!So I went with my mom, cousin, and his wife.  I was excited because I've heard so much about this place and the yelpers can't help but to rave.  Between us all we ordered the 2 pounds of shrimp, 2 pounds of snow crab legs (both hot n juicy special, mild), 2 orders of calamari, a basket of chicken, and an order of fries.  I zeroed in on the seafood, I didn't take all this time to get here to eat chicken!!  My mom freaked out a bit about shrimp with heads and made me pull them off for her (this is why no crawfish...no sucking heads for us that day!)  But she did eventually get over it and was able to take of the heads herself without being grossed out.  Everything tasted really good, just a bit of a kick that didn't overwhelm (enough of a kick for me, I'm a pussy when it comes to spicy).  I don't even remember how many paper towels I personally went through but I'm glad there was an unlimited number of them.I think the family enjoyed the experience, but when my mom discovered they had plastic gloves after our meal she was disappointed her hands smelt like garlic and seafood.  I just asked the waitress for some lemons for our hands then went and washed them in the bathroom...good as new.  But my dog has that super sonic smell going on and couldn't get over how yummy my hands were!I'm quite the happy fat-n-preggers girl after this experience.  Baby was definitely happy with all the yummy goodness I fed her.  Now that I know they have some pansy plastic gloves for the hubby I think I've got a better chance to get him to come with me for a return trip.  He's also a sucker for anywhere that serves sweet potato fries. :o)
5	Man Vs. FoodTurnover is not that bad and I think its because its VEGAS.  People would just want to eat and hurry on out of there so that they can begin their night.I felt like a dare devil and got the hot and juicy flavor-SPICY!Trust me- I can handle spicy food and from my past experience at Boiling Crab and other places, I thought I can handle it.  I pretty much did and went through the bag with about 5 shrimps left.Remember to clean yourself before hitting the strip.  Brush your teeth too!  You don't want to smell like seafood while you're out there =)
5	Adam Richman, I fucking owe you one.While staying at the Palms, we realized how close we were to Chinatown (who freakin knew there was a Chinatown in Vegas??) and remembered that episode of Man VS Food. We always talked about wanting to try one of the places he went to. We were there...fuck it; why not?Oh. My. Fucking. God.Any restaurant that gives you a bib, has a garbage bag table cloth, and a huge roll of paper towels on the table ready for you definitely has a lot to live up to. We order 6 lbs of crawfish. Served literally hot and juicy looking in a bucket. You can see tons of garlic and sauces and even a potato and corn cob piece inside. We didn't even hesitate; we ripped opened the bags and started tearing some fucking heads off. That was probably the most amazing thing I have ever tasted. It was so flavorful and juicy and the spices kicked your ass a little, but you kept on eating anyway. Downing Sapporo's and water like there was no tomorrow. Not giving a flying fuck about heartburn or any other internal problems you'd potentially endure later. It turned into one of our fondest Vegas memories.That was 4 months ago and it's a FREQUENT topic amongst my friend and I to this day. We often turn to one another and say we'd give ANYTHING just to have that. We would drive that 11 hour drive all over again just to eat that. We didn't exaclty LOVE Vegas. At times, we absolutely hated it.I hope I don't talk this up too much, but you must try it. You have to really dig in there and eat with your hands. Crawfish. Not shrimp or something you eat with a fork (although I bet it's delicious!). Pick that shit up with your hands and fucking enjoy going against any table manners your parents taught you. Fuck you if you don't stop by before you leave Vegas.
4	I've had this place bookmarked forever and I finally got to go.  I don't regret it.  I've found a yummy crawfish place in Vegas.  I ordered a pound of the crawfish, with the Hot N Juicy special sauce, mild.  Threw in a potato and some corn on the cob.  Even the mild had a good kick to it.  My lips tingled for an hour after I was done eating.  Sweet potato fries were good too.  Their crawfish were humungous when I was there.  About 3 inches in length, compared to the 1.5 inch ones I get at the Boiling Crab in So Cal.  The only thing I wish is that the sauce had chunks of garlic in it.  That's what I love.  On a bad note, my husband said their wings totally sucked.  I didn't try them but they did look really small.  HNJ is a couple bucks more expensive than Boiling Crab in Ca.  Parking sucks.  There was a 20 minute wait for four people on a Monday night.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Restaurant is clean and comfortable.  Overall, I'm a fan and would go back.
5	I am a Louisiana girl, I almost crashed my car when I saw a place called HOT N JUICY CRAWFISH! I had to go and I am glad I did.When I arrived, there was no wait, my girlfriend and I were promptly seated. We ordered 2lbs of crawfish and a pound of shrimp, we added corn and potatoes to our mix (which are 50 cents a piece to add on). They have several different flavor profiles. We went with the Hot N Juicy Seasoning. It was heaven. It was spicy, savory, and garlicy.In Louisiana when we have Crawdad boils, we throw down newspaper, here the tables were covered in plastic and they gave us bibs (which I need whenever I eat). They will show you how to eat mudbugs if you have never had them, but I am a pro. They serve up large drinks in Styrofoam (which is so 1995), but they keep them filled.The seating isn't the most comfortable and the smell of place is in the air from like a mile away. After eating here, be sure to shower. You will smell like the fruit of the sea and garlic for like 2 days. It is totally worth it!I don't know if their prices are fixed, but 1 lb of Crawfish was $9.99, not bad at all.
4	One of my girl friends convinced me to go here and I was sold once I found out that it was the same place I saw on Man V. Food.  This place is in such an unsuspecting area and the parking lot a  little tiny.  But once you open the door the sweet smell of butter and garlic fill the room.  There was a little wait which I was surprised about bc places like this in LA have an hour wait minimum!! The food was good!! My bf and I got the Hot N Juicy Special, Spicy on shrimp.  I'd get the crawfish but I was too tired to put in the effort for such a small amount of meat.  We also ordered the deep fried soft shell crabs with corn & cajun fries.  LOVE LOVE LOVED the soft shell crabs!! They were soo tasty and so crabby!  I just wish they had more in that basket!  I believe it only came with like 8 or something like that but I could have definitely went for another basket if I wasn't concerned with spending too much $$$ there.  The shrimp was awesome but almost TOO spicy!! I love heart in my food but this made my lips burn so I prob could have went medium on them.  But the shrimp were decently sized and cooked perfectly.  I hate when shrimp are overcooked but HNJ did not disappoint in that aspect.Great place to go if you are craving some seafood southern style!  Be prepared to get down a dirty because eating with your hands is a MUST!!! Get those napkins ready..you'll be needing them =]
3	we had a pretty good experience here.  Lotsa food.... about 1 lb of shrimp is enough for a person if that's all your eating.  The medium spiciness got pretty spicy by the end of the bag.  If you're ever out in California, Boiling Crab's Whole Shebang sauce is 10x better and they give a lot more sauce in the bag.
4	Ill try to write about this place as short as i can..  I got there and was actually taking the food to go.  I ordered 3 pounds of crawfish hot and juicy style mild medium and spicy as well as 2 pounds of shrimp garlic butter seasoning.  All i can say is everything had a good kick of a flavor.  The restaurant aroma was lingering in the air as soon i stepped inside.  All the garlic burned my eyes with passion :).. Okay so we got the food home as soon as possible to try and taste it.  So i tore open the bags and noticed that there were about 4-5 large crawfish  and rest were pretty petite.  By the way there were 3 of us and we finished the shrimp as well as two bags of the crawfish.  The  taste was great as i expected.  I would definitely return for more when i am in town.
4	Yummmmm crawfish!I've been to Boiling Crab a lot & I had high expectations for Hot N Juicy.Mos def lived up to the hype.Came here about 40 minutes before closing on a Thursday with the boyfriend. We were seated right away =) This place is only about 7 minutes away from the strip. The menu looks just like BC. However, the pricing is mostly Market Price, so no set price like BC. I did notice that they don't offer lobster, clams, and crab (i think).We ordered 1 lb of shrimp &  2 lb of crawfish w/ half a dozen sausage & corn in their house special sauce in mild. We also ordered cajun fries.Everything was delicious!! The sauce tasted similar to BC, but not as salty and buttery. Mild was a bit too spicy for me though, boyfriend said it wasn't spicy for him. The crawfish is about 2 times bigger than BC!! Yummmy!! More meat =) You can tell the crawfish is fresh too =) shrimp tasted like BC, but boyfriend said he didn't enjoy it as much.Everything came out to about $50.  I was satisfied, I would come back for the crawfish.
4	Ever since I saw this place on Man v. Food (one of my favorite food-related t.v. shows), I was determined to try this place during my next Vegas trip.  Alas the time had come and I dragged my friends to this place before our long drive back home to SoCal.  There are four different sauces you can choose from: Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, and Hot n Juicy Special. We got two pounds of shrimp, two pounds of crawfish and a pound of snow crab.  They were covered in Garlic Butter and the Hot n Juicy Special.  We also got cajun fries and sausage.  Everything was so full of flavor.  All the seafood came in plastic bags to seal in the steam and flavor.  The crawfish were a bit hard to eat, but it was still quite delicious.  However, the only bad thing is that you will not get the smell out of your fingers for a couple days..no matter how much you wash your hands...and use hand sanitizer, but that's the price you have to pay for some delicious cajun seafood. :) I would definitely go back during my next Vegas trip.
4	After seeing this restaurant featured on the Man vs. Food show, we headed over to try it out.  We ordered the shrimp and crab in their mild garlic butter sauce with corn and potatoes.  It was fresh and delicious with a spicy edge (even for mild).  Be prepared to dig in and get dirty.  I highly recommend using the "stylish" plastic apron they provide.  We oozed garlic from our pores for about two days!
4	It aint California's Boiling Crab but, it'll suffice.I was hoping that it's spices or sauce would remind me of the shrimp trucks back home (like Boiling Crab's did) but, it was so-so. Maybe I'm just being to picky and expecting too much...? But, I wasn't blown away like I expected or hoped to be. Alas, I would mos def go back cause it's as close to Hawaii skrimp trucks as I can get right now =)I'll tell ya this tho, when they say "medium" in spicy level...HOOOO, that bugga was HOT!!!!! I was glad I didn't request "spicy." My bff loves spicy and she was SWEATING BULLETS eating her meal. I'm all for spicy but, I wanna taste my food...ya diiiiig!!?!
4	We ate here for dinner tonight and yes, I am officially a fan!  We always drive by this place and the parking lot is always packed.  I've also been hearing about it a lot.  It was also featured on man vs. food.  Didn't need any more reasons to stop by here.  So we decided on dinner here tonight.  We got here at 9 on a tuesday night, mind you, and the parking lot was packed as usual.  We were lucky enough to get a parking spot and unfortunately there was a 30 min. wait for the 4 of us.  I don't mind waiting for food as long as it's good food!  We actually ran across the street to the crown and anchor to grab a beer while we waited.  The bartender there told us that that was pretty common.   So we get seated 30 min later and we're ready!  We started with 2 lbs of crawfish, 2 lbs of shrimp, 2 lbs of king crab legs all wth the hot n juicy marinade, spicy.  We also ordered fried shrimp sweet potato fries, corn and potatoes and a round of beers.   The tables are lined with a garbage bag and there is a roll of paper towels for each table.  No silverware.  The food started coming out really fast, within 5 minutes of ordering.  They are deiivered in plastic bags.  Oh man, the crawfish was delicious! Hot and juicy of course and the seasoning was so spicy and addictive.  My mouth was on fire inside and out!  But i couldnt stop!  Everything was really good.  Spicy, buttery and garlicy....Yum!  We ended up ordering 2 more lbs of crawfish, 1 more lb of crab legs and some more corn.  oh man, the corn was to die for.  Sweet, but so spicy.  A very messy meal and you kinda have to work for your food but it was definitely worth it!  The prices were reasonable as well.  I will definitely go back here.
4	hot n juicy seasoning crawfish.. it was crawfish heaven. different from the boils.. it was very flavourful and yum! i'd go back the next time i'm in vegas.
5	A review of this place by me is extremely overdue.  Honestly, I feared sharing this little desert jewel with everyone and they mama...but I guess when something's that good, word spreads like an LA wildfire.Background: I'm from CA.  I've never been to Lousiana but I have been to Crawdaddy's (SJ, CA), Boiling Crab (SJ, CA) and Hot n Juicy.  My first experience eating cajun seafood was at Hot n Juicy about 4 years ago.  Ever since then, I became an instant fan.  I've located cajun seafood restaurants closer to my place of residence, hence Crawdaddy's and Boiling Crab.  Anyhow, by far, Hot n Juicy blows the other two out the water, HANDS DOWN!!  I just went to Hot n Juicy over the July 15th weekend and the ish was BOMB DIGGITY!!!  Their crawfish was huge.  Usually I think you get about 13-15 critters per lb, this time the crawfish were so big, we got about 8-9 per lb. But so worth it, I mean they were so big, I even ate the critters' claws...OMG! - tell me the last time you had a crawfish so big, you could eat their claws?** As some of you may be aware, I'm allergic to shell fish but DAMN, I make sure to bring my benadryl so I can grub out without having to break out in itchy hives.  That's how good Hot n Juicy is.  BTW, if you didn't know:  They have now added King Crab legs...man, I might die from OD'ing on shellfish that I know I really shouldn't be indulging in...GLUTTONYFor those of you looking to compare:  It has been a toss up between Boiling Crab in SJ, CA and Hot n Juicy.  After I got back from Las Vegas, I went to Boiling Crab to make sure I ate at both places within a short time span so as to keep flavors and experience fresh in my mind....well (drum roll please.....HOT n JUICY TAKES THE CAKE).  Hot n Juicy has at a minimum 2 more secret ingredients that BC doesn't have.  The intense spicy flavors are there at HnJ (Hot n Juicy special) without the thick oilyness that BC has in their Whole Shabang.
4	FINALLY! I popped my Hot N Juicy cherry! Found this place on Yelp, and ready many many a review. I decided this was the perfect place to take my southern husband for a surprise birthday dinner, and it turned out to be a BIG HIT! I took Yelper advice and we arrived early on Friday night at about 6:15 pm and we were seated right away. This place is pretty no-frills with the table settings, decor and furnishings, but after eating our meal I now see why! We took MORE Yelper advice started with 1 lb of shrimp and 1 lb of Crawfish with only the Hot N Juicy seasoning, nothing extra, a side order of sweet potato fries and a couple of frosty adult beverages. The food came out fairly quickly in plastic bags (Like I said, no frills!). Bib in place, we dug in and were very impressed with the flavor, freshness, and the fact that the seafood was cooked to perfection. Not overdone! After round one, we decided on more frosty beverages and another pound of shrimp and 1 lb of snow crab. The snow crab was awesome (except my small injury due to my own stupidity and the fact I was talking instead of paying attention to my crab cracking. BTW Hot N Juicy sauce in an open wound is no bueno)! Our total bill came to about $70 before tip which I felt was fair for the amount of food we ate and the quality of the seafood. It was about the same price we would have paid for beers and AYCE Sushi at our fave place, and I was equally happy and full and buzzed :)- Advice:*Arrive early to avoid a wait (we were there at around 6 and were seated immediately, when we left the wait was about 45 minutes),*Wear the bib, don't come dressed to the nine's*Come hungry*Leave your small kids at home because your hands and forearms will be covered with "juice" and I can't imagine trying to eat and care for an antsy little oneWill we be back? You bet! And next time with a crowd of friends who we know will LOVE this place!
3	Since my last update, I have gotten a response from the owner of this place.  However, since I haven't logged on in a while I responded a month late.  Im awaiting a call and im glad to see that management is putting an effort to work on this issue.
2	FOOD is GREAT!!! THAT'S IT....STAFF at this place needs to be more attentive and friendly...I'm glad they have take out...
5	if you are ever in the Las Vegas area, i would recommend you trying this place out if you are craving some crawfish or crabs. This is the place that the man vs food guy visited when he was in vegas for a food challenge. this place is sooo much better than boiling crab. the crawfish is awesome here. it can get a little spicy. the good thing is, your hands won't smell like garlic for a week.
1	Excuse me mam?  Did you say an hour wait?  (Thinking) "WTF, are you serious.  This S%$T better be good"I gave this place a try 3 times already, and each time was horrible.  I really cant believe this place is highly rated.  I mean the best part was paying for the bill and leaving.  Service sucked, Food wasn't fresh, Shrimped looked like the shrimp from walmart (Frozen little kind), and having lived down south in Biloxi, MS the seasoning was whack!  It seemed like they just put more seasoning in the bag to hide the fact that the shrimp or crawfish taste like rubber.Why do so many people flock to the so-called "hole in the wall".  I'll tell you why, its because they paid to be on TV.  "Well they wouldn't be on TV if they weren't good" Listen up.....the Detroit Lions are on TV every football season.  That still doesn't mean they're good.  LOL  (I can say that I was born there)Go down the road to Cajun Crawfish, there's no wait, service is not as slow, and the seasoning is more authentic (in my opinion).If I have offended anyone with this post, go eat there and you'll understand.  If you like it.....more power to you.
5	Went here right after they opened for the day on a Saturday so the place was relatively empty. We must have been there for close to an hour and a half, and by the time we left the place had filled up. The service was top notch throughout our entire meal. Multiple servers asking if we needed anything, constantly offering assistance, and refilling our drinks. Our waitress was as friendly as they come and really helped us through the ordering process. Now the food. We ordered all our seafood with the hot n juicy seasoning: 1 lb. crawfish (medium heat), 1 lb. shrimp (medium heat) and 1 lb. snow crab legs (spicy).  I could handle the medium level fine, but the spicy level got the nose running and the pores sweating. It added to the experience. They will demonstrate how to properly eat a crawfish, and after an attempt or two, you will have it down no problem. Make sure to suck the juice out of the head, that is where the flavor really accumulates. What is great about this meal is the seafood comes out very fast and it's nice and hot, but it will take you a while to make your way through it all with all the peeling and cracking and talking about how great everything tastes. The snow crab legs were amazing and we immediately ordered  pound of king crab legs when we had finished those off. The shrimp was tasty.  I even decided to bite off a few heads and they were nice a crunchy. Although the place is named after the crawfish, and those do have an unique flavor, I would almost stick exclusively to the crabs next time. So tasty. Unfortunately due to the oil spill they were only offering the snow and king crab legs. Normally whole crabs from the gulf region are available too.It's a great dining experience. Fun and very tasty. Your knuckles will burn with spices and smell of garlic  for a few hours after, but that will serve as a reminder of money well spent in Vegas.
2	For the longest time I grappled with  leaving a review or to not.  After hearing so many great things about Hot N Juicy from friends, family and chef's I was really looking forward to this place!!  I knew what it was all about before I got there.  Rolling up yer sleeves and gettin down n' dirty with pound bags of some critters of the sea......  We heeded the warnings of early yelpers and went at an off time so we didn't have to wait an hour.  We ordered crawdads, crab and shrimp.  I had never had crawfish to eat before but I had caught these lil buckaroos as a kid when my ADD would leave me catching critters in the lakes I was fishing in INSTEAD of watching my fishing pole. I was not a fan of my first crawfish experience but I don't hold that against Hot N Juicy , probably just wasn't for me.  The shrimp were average and the king crab legs were good.  The hardest thing for me reviewing Hot N Juicy was it might just not be for me.  The concept is cool but after my experience I don't want my seafood to be masked with a flavor of garlic and chile for lbs on end.  I want to taste the natural sweetness, or flavor of freshly squeezed lemon juice and allow the protein to be in the spotlight it deserves.  My two star rating isn't for the cuisine here though.  I realize it just wasn't for me.  I was more disappointed and left unsure of the cleanliness of the dining room.  I am not a neat-freak.... I knew going into this that it was dirty.  I was not expecting the table fun to extend to the walls of the restaurant though.  We were seated in a booth in the back of the restaurant that during the time of our dining had direct sunlight on the wall.  That entire wall was the spotlight of 100 different greasy, juicy paw prints that made it look like kids finger painting with crisco.  It actually pains me to leave a negative review of a restaurant that gets so many rave reviews from fellow yelpers.  Cleanliness needs to be improved dramatically.  Hot N Juicy needs to get Hot and Soapy......
5	Wow, these places are everywhere! It's funny too because it's like Asian Cajun! I assume only in California and it's closest neighbor Vegas have places like this.I actually really like this place. The spices they use in their signature Hot-N-Juicy is off the hook, much better than Crawdaddy (in San Jose) and right up there if not better than Boiling Crab (in San Jose). We ordered the King Crab Legs in butter and garlic and Hot-N-Juicy in mild and medium as we were all wimps, Shrimp in Hot-N-Juicy in medium also, Cajun Fries, Sweet Potato Fries and Corn on the Cob and Potatoes! I love that they serve the corn on the cob and potato in the bag with the juices, the other places mentioned above don't and they don't have potatoes either. They also have blue crab here which the ones in San Jose don't have. Can't wait to go here again!The service wasn't the best, they forgot the fries and I had to keep asking for water. But all in all this is a good off the strip joint for those staying in town for the weekend. Get there early because I hear there is usually a wait, sounds like all the other places too!
3	Well I had high expectations being that I'd heard about this place on Man vs. Food and was already a big fan of The Boiling Crab.  The biggest disappointment about my visit to Hot N Juicy was the service.  There were plenty of empty tables around 1pm but we stood at the door for quite a while before we were seated. Then after we were seated, we waited quite a bit longer before we placed our order.  The food came out slowly and so did the check.  In addition, the food was OK but I definitely prefer Boiling Crab and I'm glad that's the one near me!  I gotta say I was let down a bit by this place. The crawfish didn't have that sweet taste that I'm used to at BC and the rice was crispy and undercooked. Maybe it was an off day but I think I'll try some other places next time I've in Sin City.
4	Yeah, this place is good.  In comparison to Claws and Boiling Crab in the OC, I like this place too.  The people I went with don't eat very spicy food, so the waiter dude recommended mild heat which was still good.  We had crawdads, shrimp, and clams, and crab legs.  Decent service, eye-candy patrons, TV's and beers on tap.  I will come back!  That ish is VEGAS, son! BTW, to all you whiners that complain about waiting an hour to eat, TOO BAD! We got lucky and seated 7 right away by calling ahead and checking first before making the effort to go there.
4	I am sorry i have to say good bye to my crawfish eating ways. i can no longer eat these little creatures because of the toll that it taking on my health. I will miss drinking/ slurping the sauce like a water on a super hot day. i love this place because they serve rice. im asian and you know i love the rice. please tell me how six girls can consume 12lbs of crawfish. i still dont know. goodbye crawfish i will definitely miss you.
4	Whats more fun than eating some hot n juicy crawfish?!  For those messy eaters this is your heaven.  Add some juicy crawfish into their Hot n Juicy seasoning in spicy level and Cajun medium level and BAM you have a party in your mouth, and hands, and mouth and all over.  Yum.  I'd come back here next time I'm in Vegas and maybe I'll try to the other seafood goodness..  Service is so-so but who cares if the food comes fast!
5	If you love seafood, you definitely need to come here. Fairly messy so prolly no first dates =p. It is kind of spicy even with the garlic and butter mild. I don't usually like anything spicy, but thus was definitely worth burning my mouth
3	This restaurant looks like it's nothing special from the building but when you get inside it's pretty clean.  The wait wasn't too long when I went there for four people and they sat us right away.  The sauce that comes with the seafood was not too bad.  It was not as thick as the sauce from another Cajun joint in California, Boiling Crab.  It depends on how you like your sauce, I guess.1 star for being away from all the touristy spots and near all the Asian stores!1 star for free water1 star just for being featured on the Food channel-1 star for forgetting my rice-1 star for taking 20 minutes longer after I already addressed the waiter that I didn't get my rice*tip* If you get dropped off by a cab you need to call one to get picked up because taxis do not come by this area of Vegas.
4	To be honest, I am a graduate of the Boiling Crab and amongst all the oc crawfish places, BC still reigns supreme!  But there is something to be said of the lemon pepper sauce here. Since this is my only las vegas experience I'm giving it a 4. With BC being a 5!  Come before 6 to avoid the lines!
4	This place was just like boiling crab...and we must have gone at a good time because we didn't have to wait for a table.  I had raw oysters for the first time and they were really good!  Other than that, I had the usual pound of shrimp and sweet potato fries.  MMMM, so good but we smelled like GARLIC for 24 hours!!!
5	I go to Vegas FOR this place's crawfish.I'm a huge fan of Cajun style seafood and they do it very well here. I haven't experienced a significant difference in the different spiciness levels. Also, definitely choose at least mild. My rating is basically for the taste of the Crawfish. It's exactly the way I like it. The only problem is it's in vegas and you usually do other things there like sit through a 2-3 hour show or go to an area with a lot of other people who will smell the garlicy cajun sauce all over your breathe and fingers.The service as I remember has been fine every time (twice with a year a separation between). I have only ordered the crawfish although my friends said the shrimp was great too. It's a messy experience so don't wear clothes you mind getting dirty.I have nothing but good memories. I always eat too much and border on destroying my stomach but i mean... look at what you're eating. There has to be some enormous bag of cayenne pepper somewhere in the kitchen. I never regret it though and I even wake up the next day wanting to do it again. There is however a lot of garlic involved so ... think about what you're doing that evening.I suggest doing it the night before you leave (sleep it off and clear your system before you fly ... DO THIS...) and maybe before the part of the vacation you don't have anything special planned.
4	Incredible. Sauce was legit, and for those who like spicy, WOW. Crab was overpriced vs. other local places and service was mediocre. But the food, yummy.
5	We came here after watching the episode on Man V. Food....OMG!! It was soooooo good, we came here 2 times during our stay in Vegas!!! Definately coming back everytime I'm in Vegas!!!!
5	LOVE this place.  we always come here for the crawfish fix... good thing they have "to go" orders, we dont have to wait for a long time to be seated. hard to find parking though. and yes, you smell of garlic for 24 hours. to go orders are ready in 10 minutes so that's a plus
5	i wanted to try this place because i saw it on some tv shows like man vs food. hands down my favorite crawfish place ever. the spices to me were on point and the crawfish themselves lived up to the name, hot and very juicey. i live in san jose, ca where there are a few crawfish places, but this place takes the cake for me. the wait was really short too, it was packed but it only took us about 10-15 mins to be seated, which in san jose if u try to go to boiling crab can take hours! all in all, if you're ever in the vegas area and craving some crawfish definitely try this place out! i wish they were closer to where i lived =/
5	This place is one of my favorites on the planet Earth and I encourage Vegas visitors to take a short ride over to Chinatown to experience this place. The garlic scent summons you in from the parking lot and once inside, (if you're a garlic lover), you just want to stay there. We had the shrimp and crablegs and I could go on eating them forever!  One tip, do NOT forget to get the corn. It is brought to you in the bag along with your seafood and garlicky goodness (get the Hot n Juicy special). I have never had better corn. Oh, and do NOT wear fancy clothes there. You WILL smell like garlic for a few days...but I really didnt care. It was worth it!
4	Went to it after seeing it on Man v. Food and it did not disappoint.  Get ready to get messy and don't plan on much after eating other than going home and taking a shower.
4	I'm pretty sure this place always has a wait, but it wasn't too bad when we went. The smell was overwhelming and delicious as we waited for our table. I saw mainly Asians, and wondered why. Are these people from out of town or are they locals? Anyhow, it was definitely worth our short 25 minute (instead of the 15 quoted) wait for our hot n juicy seafood. We ordered some shrimp, crab, corn and potatoes. All were delicious, and our waitress was helpful in verbally assisting two crab dissecting virgins. We got through the meal happy, and with one cut on my finger, nothing too bad. I would definitely, absolutely, positively recommend this place to anyone!
4	One word!MESSY!!!!!Seemed expensive to me but my wife and our friends we went with loved it.  Had to wait about 20 to 30 mins which for me is a huge stretch.....I get less than excited to wait long to eat, but its quite an experience.  Food was pretty good though I must say.  Next time I'm gonna bring my own gloves, lol!!
4	So I've tried to go twice already, each time was a 45 minute wait and each time I end up at Cajun Crawfish (big mistake btw).  I finally decided to do take out, taking that this is the ONLY way I don't have to wait and the food is ready in 15 minutes. The stench of garlic seeped through the bag as I grabbed it and put it in my car.  i KNEW this was going to be good.  I ordered 1 lb of Lemon Pepper crawfish + 1 lb of garlic butter crawfish.  I can't believe I'd been missing out! It was SO GOOD!  I ate until my lips were numb.  It was delish.   I can't believe I went to Cajun Crawfish each time I couldn't get into Hot N Juicy.  NEVER again!  I paid about 25 bucks for 2 lbs of crawfish I believe?  Well worth it tho.
5	Are all the new Louisiana style shrimp/crawfish places the same? HELL NO!!!A few differences from the research (now that translates to food eating) I have done1) some places charge $.25 a glass for water2) some locations have buy one beer, get the other free (that rocks!)3) some places offer disposable gloves for your messy shelling fest4) some places offer 3% discount off your bill if you pay in cash5) all places have a signature mix, but don't be fooled...The tastes aren't duplicated!6) One place is on the Man Vs. Food tourHmmm, wonder which place that is....Hot N Juicy offers selections 3-6 of the above list!  The shrimp are plump and yes, JUICY. The corn is sweet and succulent.  Come early to avoid long lines.  We got there around 5:30 pm and were seated right awayService is attentive and swift.  Parking was kinda hard when we got there, so I can imagine it must be a madhouse when the place gets packed
4	When you walk thru the door, you will be met with the most delicious aroma of butter and garlic.  It makes me want to eat everything.  Then the crawfish comes with the sauce.  The sauce makes everythihg tastes good. I want to drink the sauce and or bathe in it.  It doesn't matter, I just want to be drenched in it.  It's that good!THE SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE but I would go back for the food.
5	Amazing!!!
4	Old school, crawfish boil-style place!We went there with some out of town friends who are serious about their crawfish, and they loved it.  There were only 4 of us, but (I can't believe I am admitting this, but.. )I think we ate our way through 7 pounds of crawfish.  Heed the warnings below, the spicy is REALLY SPICY.  For those of you who like spicy food, the medium spicy is a huge step down, but your tastebuds will thank you in the end.
5	My wife wanted to get off the strip at least once while we were in town. She read about Hot N Juicy on Yelp and decided it would be the best place to go.We made sure to beat the dinner rush and enjoyed a couple of pounds of shrimp and crawfish. Definitely get everything Hot N Juicy style, and if you like only a little spice, don't feel like a wimp getting the mild, that is still got quite a bit of kick.
5	I go for the crab legs. Oh so tasty!  Dip the crab meat into the Hot N' Juicy sauce and enjoy!Place gets crazy crowded now, so get in when you can!
5	Who doesn't like butter?!?! Right?This place is absolutely amazing! I've been here numerous times and I always leave feeling completely endulged and the satisfaction of doing work! You have to be willing to work for every bite, but boy oh boy is every bite worth it. I usually get the snow crab or the shrimp with the lemon seasoning. I always have to get my area situated and ready before the beautiful sight of bags full of butter and critters! =] It is messy so don't plan on wearing your cute outfit for the night! Although you do get a classy bib to wear.Also, be aware that you could possibly smell like butter for awhile. But despite the lingering smell, this is a MUST HAVE MUST GO! The service is great and the food is even better!
5	This place is super duper succulent!!!Their homemade Hot N Juicy sauce is the star of the menu. I love their shrimp/ crawfish dipped in the sauce. All the orders come per pound.  It is just mouth watering when you suck out the juice from your seafood. Great simple concept, decor is plain, table cloth, bib all made of plastic. You eat, you dirty up the place and they just need to throw out the entire set. Brilliant idea, no BS...I also recommend ordering their soft shell crab and add an extra side of sauce to dip that in.  Be prepared for huge lines, especially on weekends.And #1 tip: Don't wear a white shirt!Overall, must eat place when you visit Las Vegas.
5	I never thought I would come across a restaurant that could knock my favorite steak place off the charts, but this is now my #1 FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN THE WHOLE WORLD - not just for seafood, any food!  I never even liked garlic before Hot N Juicy; the place permeates with a deep garlicky, buttery smell as soon as you drive up (and so will you for 3 days after you eat here).  Get the crawfish, get the shrimp, get the crab, but whatever you do, get it in the special sauce.  There's something in that "SPECIAL" sauce that's indescribable but keeps me coming back week after week - could it be crack, could it be heroin?  I don't know, but I'm an addict for life.  If I ever become allergic to shellfish (knock on wood), my family have specific instructions to put me outta my misery.  Or, I'll just die eating at my favorite restaurant Hot N Juicy.  Trust me, you will not be disappointed; the wait is worth it.  Go before 6pm to avoid a looooong wait.  It's busy all days of the week.  Make sure to get the corn, some sausages and add a bowl of rice to catch all the juices as they run off your hands when cracking the crawfish, shrimp, and crab.  Squeeze the head juice into the rice for extra flavor.  Eat the rice last, yum!  Damn you Adam Richman for telling everyone about Las Vegas locals' best hole-in-the-wall seafood place.  I feel sorry for the tourists that do try Hot N Juicy and then go home craving it because it's so amazing - I'm lucky to be living here in LV so I can eat there whenever I want!!!  I'm waiting to hear someone say they moved to LV for Hot N Juicy LOL!I just checked out the Boiling Crab in San Jose and Hot & Juicy is stll the winner in my book.  Sauce is more buttery and savory and the servers are the greatest here in LV.
5	Wow!!!! Better then expected we ordered 2lbs of shrimp,1lb of crawfish 2 corn ,6 slices sausage and Cajun fries ,$48 we had the hot and juicy sauce-spicy which had the right amount of heat,the boil had a pleasant orange taste to it. Service was very good,kept the drinks full . Food came out fast always a plus. Dessert at baskin Robbins to put out the fire, perfect meal
5	Hot and Juicy is definitely some hot stuff! I came here for the first time with Michelle W. last year and I really don't remember it being this packed for a weekend. However, the 20-30 minute wait was well worth the wait. We decided on the Hot and Juicy Snow Crabs in Medium, the Lemon Pepper Shrimp in Mild, Chicken Wings Basket with the Cajun Fries and a side of rice for me. I was definitely salivating waiting for the food to come out...which actually didn't take very long! Everything was SOOOOOO good! Next time though I think I will stick with the mild hotness level. My mouth was on fire by the time I was through...the cajun fries were probably not the best idea with all of this hotness going on, but I guess that's why they call it HOT and juicy. Everything that we ordered totaled up to about 45 bucks plus sodas....not a bad deal. BTW....the rice with some sauce is oh so delicious! I will definitely be back for more garlic dousing!
5	SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD :Dtip: go early and bring gloves lol
5	Definitely worth the cab ride from the strip! Two of us shared.2 lbs of crawfish2 baskets of sweet potato friesOrdered a second piece of corn on the cob because the first one was so yummy.Ordered the mild special seasoning and it was pretty spicy still.Warning: Your hands will smell like garlic for days if you're not careful! But it is worth it.
4	I was afraid that I would have to wait a few hours to get into this place.  Just went here last night with a friend around 6:30pm and we were seated right away.  Awesome!  But then again, there were larger groups of people who were still waiting outside, so maybe it's a good idea to come in smaller groups!  It was also Labor Day.We ordered the following items:1 lb. of shrimp1 lb. of craw fisha couple ears of corn eachSweet potato friesand we had this in the "mild" hot n juicy sauce.Boy was it NOT mild.  It was super hot!  But it was so good.  The sauce was best paired with the craw fish.  The juice from the shrimp does not take as well, but if you peel the shrimp and then plunge the entire body into the sauce in the bag, then you are good to go with the awesome hot n juicy and very garlicky flavor.  You must love butter, you must love garlic, and you must be able to handle spicy.  This place is pretty good, and comparable to Boiling Crab in the Bay Area, maybe even better in my opinion.  I have to go back and check as I've only been there once.  Not sure this would be a good date night, but I like a man who can take in some spice.  I find it very flattering!  So why not, bring your date here, see if he can pass the hot test!  You will have fun with the interactive eating, and the get down and dirty environment; bibs and all!  YUM!  I'll be back here soon, once I get this garlic and seafood smell off me for awhile.  It certainly sticks to your clothes so don't bother going out after eating here!
5	This place was incredible.  After reading about it we went straight there from the airport.  It did not disappoint.  Two of us had 2 lbs each of the snow crab, king crab and shrimp.  The lemon pepper sauce was delicious, the hot n juicy sauce even better.  Service was super attentive.  Only negative was they ran out of blue crab before we'd gotten there.  Next time for sure...
4	Just like boiling crab in san jose or crawdaddy.  very fun place. make sure you got some bank to spend.  Its located in chinatown and not many of the cabs know where it is.  Also plus its located next to a massage spot if your into that thing.
4	I never thought I would say this, but I actually like Hot N' Juicy Crawfish a lot better than Boiling Crab. Don't get me wrong...I still really like Boiling Crab, but Hot N' Juicy was just excellent. How could that possibly be you ask? 1) The equivalent to the "Whole Sha-Bang" was a lot less garlicky and overwhelming. I didn't leave the restaurant feeling like crap...and I wasn't still tasting the garlic the day after. 2) The food tasted a bit healthier (if that is even possible). Hot N' Juicy uses a little less butter, but it didn't seem to take away from the flavors - still leaving me craving for more. 3) The catfish was delicious. I haven't had the catfish at Boiling Crab so I can't really compare, but the catfish was perfectly juicy, crispy on the outside, and the tarter sauce was delicious. 4) There was a soup/stew-like dish (soup with Crawfish served with rice) was delicious. You can only eat so much shrimp and Crawfish, so this was a nice balance to the high-cholesterol meal. 5) The wait wasn't as bad. I came here with a friend and her family (party of 4) on a Saturday night and waited only about 20-25 minutes (the restaurant is off the strip). 6) You get a bit of a discount if you pay with cash (It's not like I can take advantage of this offer since I never have cash - but I thought I would throw that in there anyways). Overall - great meal! I always love the ambiance!
4	wow! messy!!!!the kids had no desire to do anything one Sunday so we decided that we would go on a little lunch date to hot n juicy..we walked in thinking it'll be busy as hell and we'd have to wait.. but we were seated pretty quickly.  the smell of garlic butter is super intense once u walk in so u get a really good idea of what it taste like before tasting anything!  u sit at a table covered with a plastic bag.. so, that alone says a lot about what your getting into.the menu is pretty strait forward with a good amount of things to choose from and it isn't overwhelming with options.  most are priced to market prices.. so you don't really know how much it is unless you ask. you choose what you'd like to get drenched as far as which of the four, five, or six? different sauces they offer:  hot n' juicy, lemon garlic.. [i forget the rest] and then choose what heat level you want your spice at.we're rookies so we ordered what my friend michelle e ordered which was  a lb of shrimp and a lb of crawfish.. [we took head of the spice warning] and had mild spiced crawfish and medium spiced shrimp with a side of medium sauce.the waitress was super friendly and very helpful.  when i asked her i was cracking the crawfish wrong.. or missing something we put our bibs on and got to it! sides:  rice and cajun fries.  the crawfish:  um, i was a little confused.  i realized late in the game that whatever i was looking for beneath the shell wasn't there, and that it was what it was.. which was nothing much.  so if your looking to find lots of meat?  it's not hiding under a crawfish shell.. BUT!  the juice was excellent!the shrimp was VERY good.. succulent and full of juices.  surprisingly, either sauces were too hot for me... just REALLY garlic-y!  we were prepared to order more... but this was perfect for the both of us.the garlic... lasts ALLLL day.  gum.. bring lots of gum.  mouthwash even.  and drink something to keep the burps down.
4	Okay, I can see why this place gets a bunch fo 4 stars.  This was my first time eating crawfish as was it for my wife.So first off, we get there and the place is full, no waiting, just full of people enjoying their dinner.  We had stopped at another "crawfish" place nearby and there was litterally no one in the place.  That was the first clue that we didn't want to stay.  Then we did a quick Yelp and the average rating was 2.5 stars.While Yelping the first restaurant we saw this place with an average of 4 stars.  Much better, so we headed on over.Like I said, the first time we've had crawfish. The first big plus, we were greeted and sat quickly.  The server asked if we had ever had crawfish before, and when we said "no", he brougt out two crawfish and showed us the process.We ordered crawfish and crab legs.  Both were great, but beware, the "mild" sauce has quite a kick to it.  We also ordered calamari and sweet potato fries.  Everything was good.Now, this is NOT A FIRST DATE PLACE.  But if you can find someone that will go here and  get dirty with you on the first date...marry them. :-)  Half of the fun is you eat your shell fish and just toss the shells on the table.  In fact, it's so messy, they give you a bib and plastic gloves(upon request).This place is fun, good food, decent prices and just worth the visit if you haven't had crawfish before, or just want to eat some good ol' Southern crawfish, crab(blue, snow, dungenous) and catfish.
4	New to Vegas, and I must say that it is a good substitute for Boiling Crab back home in CA.  Placed an order for pickup, service was fast and friendly.  Not as greasy as Boiling Crab, but just as good!Maybe next time I'll eat in to get the whole experience.
5	I thought it was time to amend my review.  I love the true cajun flavors as well as the bada$$ spice.  My recommendation is the shrimp because you get more meat than with crawfish, as well as an ear of corn swimming in the garlic, lemony, goodness.I can't believe I still come here with a shellfish allergy. Lol. I just pop a Benadryl beforehand now.
4	Hot N Juicy Special comin right up!I just came back from Las Vegas on a quick 23 hour trip and I managed to make it out to Hot N Juicy in Chinatown. My friends heard of it from Man vs. Food and I thought the pictures on Yelp looked promising, so it wasn't very hard to persuade me to go. We go there a little after it opened and were welcomed very excitedly by the staff. Of course, since we were there so early, we were seated right away. We ordered the calamari, two orders of sweet potato fries, a half-dozen raw oysters, two pounds of the Hot and Juicy crawfish, one pound of the lemon pepper crawfish and three pounds of the garlic butter crawfish (my personal favorite). The calamari was fantastic, it wasn't overly breaded like some places do it. It comes with lemon and some marinara sauce. Now I am not a fan of sweet potato fries, but my friends ordered two orders, I was bound to try one. Not only did I try ONE, I tried like ELEVEN! Haha.. they were nicely seasoned and went perfectly with the ketchup. Believe it or not, I would order them again. (Zoinks?! lol). The raw oysters were so fresh it melted in my mouth. My only complaint is that I usually add a bit of soy sauce with the lemon wedge when I shoot raw oysters and all they had was lemon. But none the less, MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH GOODNESS!!! The guests of honor to our luncheon were the crawfish. All the flavors that we had were very flavorful and delicious in their own right. However, the garlic butter was my absolute favorite, and I think everyone elses' as well. Mainly because we put in an order for two MORE pounds after killin' just the one. *BTW you can order different grades of spicyness for your food, however we ordered the Hot and Juicy special at just a mild grade of spicy juice and it was pretty intense. Even to my spicy-loving Thai mates that ate with me :).I only gave them 4 stars because they only served beer. I'll add that additional star once they start selling wine at least, but with fingers-crossed they'll someday have a full bar.
5	I fell in love with this place the moment I sat down and realized I had to peel my own shrimp (head and all) and throw my trash right onto the plastic tablecloth. After several trips, I've come to learn my favorite flavors and spice ratings. I love the hot n juicy special at a mild or medium level. These levels have a good amount of spice that doesn't hurt my face.Now, I'm not a very good spicy food eater. But I have been here with different groups of friends and have had the opportunity to sample the different spice levels. I can say the extra spicy is very very hot, and it builds with every bite you take. Your lips continue to burn, but you can't resist the tastiness and continue to eat, despite the pain. But what I really like and appreciate about the extra spicy flavors is the fact that you can still taste the flavor despite the heat. Your mouth isn't reduced to just a ball of fire.And on that note, I would recommend any seafood lover to visit this fine establishment.
4	Hot N Juicy!  And it's exactly that - HOT & JUICY! My party ordered almost about everything on their simple menu, and I made sure to mooch off everyone.  Everything was fresh and...well...HOT & JUICY!  The crawfish, the shrimpies, snow crab...etc - everything was delicious. You can even order a styrofoam bowl of rice on the side if you wish. I compared it to Crab Hut back in SD, and I hate to admit it - the hot n juicy seasoning beats crab hut buy an extra thumbs up.I'll definitely be back for this one.Bib up and enjoy your finger lickin meal!
5	Hot N Juicy is one of those places that I never thought I would like.  Growing up, my relatives have always been obsessed with crab legs and other seafoods that you have to work for to get to the good stuff.  As I got older I saw that it wasn't just my family, it was pretty much everybody that was obsessed with peeling their food.  I just did not see the point in having to work so hard for your food!And then there was Hot N Juicy.  Admittedly, my first visit here was made reluctantly.  If I didn't care much for crab, why would I care for crawfish?  The answer is easy: the Hot N Juicy Special sauce.  Medium spice.  I went from avoiding seafood that requires my hands to eat, to getting serious cravings for Hot N Juicy.  That sauce is spicy and leaves a (pleasant) burn on your lips as you continue to eat.  The garlic flavor can get pretty strong as it leaves it's mark on your breathe, and infiltrates every article of clothing you're currently wearing.  You'll probably end up doing laundry as soon as possible.  But all of that doesn't matter...because the sauce is worth it.My current favorite is the shrimp.  Crawfish is good, but their size is inconsistent.  Not that that's the restaurants fault or anything, it's just that the first time I went, the crawfish were pretty darn big.  But with each subsequent visit...their size diminished.  But it's okay, I have my shrimp to keep me satisfied.  Next time I go I'll have to try the crab.So has my mind changed about seafood?  No not really.  As it stands, I'm really in it for the sauce.  No Hot N Juicy special, no seafood peeling/cracking for me.  Five stars for instilling a craving that I never thought I would have, and having consistently delicious sauce.
5	Thank you Man Vs. Food for reviewing this place! Fricken amazing! Simple and delicious, busy, but quick, the simplicity is what I love about this place; Seafood + Sauce + Bag + vigorous shaking = HOT N JUICY!When you go I would suggest a pound of the king crab in pepper lemon sauce not spicy and a pound of crawfish SPICY! You will not be disappointed!ENJOY!
3	Rustic Cajun eating at it's best!  What a great concept: Bags of boiled seafood, paper on the tables, no plates, just finger lickin!  I love it when places make it fun to eat your food.  You never have to give me any excuses to eat with your hands, I will always be there for that party.  This being said, I was not extremely impressed with the food at Hot n Juicy Crawfish.  The crawfish were frozen the nights I've been here, but they always say they usually get in fresh when they can.  The flavors were all pretty good, although I preferred the Hot-n-Juicy flavor and the cajun one was also very good.  The food came by the pound, and when we asked how much to order she told us about a pound per person.  This was way too much!  But I can never be mad at someone for suggesting a lot of food, it will all get eaten at some point, right?  The food was relatively cheap, at around $10 per pound of each type of seafood.  We got the shrimp and the crawfish, and wish I would have tried the Dungeness crab, it sounded really good.  If you're looking for a fun meal to grab with friends, definitely try out Hot n Juicy Crawfish.  But since the place was on Man v. Food, it may take you a little while to wait for your reservation, so maybe try to go during off hours.
1	I love crawfish, and seeing as how i go to Boiling Crab in southern CA all the time, I wanted to give this place a try.Needless to say my whole family was very disappointed. The sauce was very bland, it was not as good as home.  There was nothing significant about the sauce. It was just essentially a bag of spicy water.We ordered 4 pounds of crawfish and 2 pounds of shrimp, 12 sausages, 6 corns, and 2 cajun fries. What made me upset the most was the fact that they weighed in the corn with our shrimp (Note to Hot N Juicy Crawfish: When customers order 2 pounds of shrimp, they expect two pounds of SHRIMP, NOT .03 pounds of shrimp and the rest were corn and sausages. Those items are considered side orders, even if you do put them together in the same bag, YOU DON'T WEIGH THEM).Highly disappointed in this place! I will not be coming back.
1	We dropped in here last Saturday with high expectations after the rave reviews of friends. Being both big seafood fans and also believers in food-as-sport, we thought we'd found our restaurant utopia.Boy, were we wrong.The shrimp was bland, the sauce was not spicy, and the sides that we ordered never came. Either we came at an off time, or this place is WAAAAAAAAAY over-hyped.
4	It ain't boiling crab but it's the closest we have here in Vegas. And this review is much more of a personal preference of which seasoning I prefer between the two. Being from Cali I might be bias but there is a bit more spice and kick in flavor in the whole Shabang sauce than Hot&Juicy special sauce.  But just a bit so the difference is tolerable. Everything else as far as the menu goes is the same.The biggest difference though between the two is the service.  It's my second time here and I've excused my first experience. Slow waiter, you have to request for salt, pepper and lime, and bibs.  In Boiling Crab, all that is already a given and they tie the bib around your neck for you.Me and my friend were seated right away but a group of 5 or more, expect atleast an hour wait. Overall with the exception of the service, food was great.
4	This was my first crawfish experience and it was pretty yum!  We had 1lb of shrimp (hot n juicy - medium spice), 1 lb of snow crab (lemon pepper - medium spice), 1lb of shrimp (lemon pepper - medium spice), and 1lb of crawfish (hot n juicy - medium spice).  Also got beers and sweet potato fries.  The lemon peper was good on the crab but not so good on the shrimp.  Were told to go less spicy than normal because their spice was hotter than everyone else's, so we went medium.  Really wish we had gone hotter.  We also did not shake our bags, which after reading a few reviews, could have made a big difference.  Geez, aren't we smart?!?On a Thursday night, it was super crowded, but we got the last available table, so no wait.  Service was really fast, if not overly friendly.   It seemed like we ordered and five minutes later we were opening steaming plastic bags!  Food was great, incredibly messy and I thought it was a little pricey.  Not sure if I would go back here, but it was definitely an experience.  I feel like I lived a little.  I also feel like I should share this little nugget:  The next morning, my BF says "WHAT IS THAT SMELL?"  It was us.  We smelled like garlic for a good three days. haha
5	The food might not be spectacular, but I was with a large group of friends and I had an awesome dining experience here. You get a bag of seafood drenched in whatever flavor sauce you want with your level of spicyness. I definitely recommend adding corn to your bag of seafood because it soaks in the flavor and juices and it tastes SO GOOD! Beware that the shrimp comes out with the heads still attached and you have to peel off the shells yourself. My friend wasn't warned and I think she was a little surprised hahah. So I tried their crawfish and the shrimp in their signature Hot N Juicy sauce (which is a mix of all of the sauces) and it definitely satisfied my seafood cravings. I found it so much fun to eat with your hands like a kid. You get a plastic bid and by the end of the meal, my hands were completely messy hahah so much fun! However, the smell did stick around for awhile but the experience was worth it. Plus, the food came out SO FAST. Our order was ready in less than 10 mins! AWESOME!We also got some sweet potato fries and cajun fries to share which was a nice side to have. So come prepared to be extremely messy and eat your weight in seafood!Price wise: you pay by the pound. It ended up being around $10/lb for the shrimp and crawfish.
5	I love this place. So tasty. They fly in craw fish from Louisiana daily. You get your craw fish in a plastic bag that has been boiled. It's filled with the spice that you chose, corn on the cob and a potato. What makes these craw fish so good is the seasonings used. There's a few different flavor choices. I always get the special. It's all of the flavors together. Then there is the Spice level. Beware! Spicy is Spicy! I have yet to try the Extra Spicy. There are no utensils or plates. You eat off the plastic table cloth and you even get a bib. I was never a fan of craw fish until now. One of my favorite places in Vegas.
2	i gave it 2 stars only because im from LA and we have Boiling Crab and Claws. 2 restaurants with the same concept, but very different flavors (in my opinion).i get it...hot n juicy was featured on man vs food and i guess if you're ok with the spice level, its worth trying. i, on the other hand, dont like my food that spicy.came in for dinner with a few friends and ordered shrimp and crab legs, and a few appetizers. service was ok. but the food was just...eh. maybe i'm spoiled by LA food and expect a lot more from seafood, but we're in a desert, so what more can you expect?i didnt really enjoy the food because i expected what i get at boiling crab and claws, or maybe the hype of this place was built up so much i expected much more from it.all in all, it definitely calms that seafood craving when i dont wanna go to a buffet and craving something with that bit of spice/extra flavor to it.and - both times i came in it definitely didnt sit well with my stomach. same thing with my best friend. kinda left our stomachs a little "hot n juicy"...sorry i had to say it. thats exactly how we felt when we got home.i'll probably back, if im really really craving cajun style seafood
3	The establishment is pretty small to hold a business such as this and parking is horrendous. Highly compared to Boiling Crab in southern California, Hot N Juicy doesn't delve much from the popular food-in-a-bag chain. I'm not too sure if the food comes out based on when the guests get there or when the food is done but often times, I've noticed it comes out really randomly. Sometimes, the other guests got their food before me when I ordered before them.  If you're looking for a mirror of Boiling Crab, Hot N Juicy is it.I'd recommend something different to make this restaurant a gem in Las Vegas and not a copy of Boiling Crab.  People COULD start saying, "Oh Boiling Crab? That's like Hot N Juicy in Vegas!" Right? :)
4	Thanks to some recommendation from native LV Yelpers, We decided to visit Hot & Juicy for dinner on a recent trip to Las Vegas. Not the best idea to come straight from the convention centre, as the Hot & Juicy smell permeated our blazers and followed us around all week, but the experience itself was well worth it. Anything that made it onto Man Vs Food is likely the opposite of what I am looking to eat, but we decided to give it a try, for the spectacle alone. As soon as we arrived, finger licking smacking, bib wearing ladies were queuing for the washroom  in need of a quick hand wash. Waitresses with big smiles and heavy eyeliner ran around with buckets and plastic gloves on their hands. I was intrigued.The two of us sat at our plastic covered tables and ordered beer ($3 for import) 1lb of Crawfish medium Hot & Juicy special, 1 lb of shrimp medium Hot & Juicy special and 3lbs Crab Spicy lemon pepper. We also had 2 ear of corn, and an order of calamari whose accompanying fries never arrived.  It was a ridiculously too much amount fo food but we were starving after a long day on our feet.Everything arrives in a plastic bag, with sauce puddling along the bottom. The waitress dumps the bag onto your table from her bucket, and will give you a brief demo if necessary. You are instructed to dig in and leave the carcasses in the middle of your table as you plow through. Regarding the spice, I found medium wasn't enough and I regretted my decision. Also, I regretted ordering so much all at once, as we ate some got cold, which was less appetizing.For the novelty (we barely ever see crawfish in Toronto) it was fun. Anything that dirty is always a good time of course. The flavor of the lemon pepper was really outstanding. It was great.  The service was actually among the best we got in Vegas, they were attentive and friendly.  $96 for a mammoth amount of food that could have fed 4 with about 3 beer each.  The crab was good, but I find the crawfish just doesn't give you enough meat. Minus a star for the impact on the environment from all that waste. I would have been happy with bucket, no bags.
1	IF you like FISH BAIT this is your place.I found several things that were really bad.1st service is slow2nd they weigh there crawfish w the sauce in the bag. so you really dont get what u are supposed to get.3rd. the shrimp are very tough and super dirty4th the crawfish a very  very dirty5th what ever spicy level you order they just give you whatever they feel like6th CASH DISCOUNT? wtf is this. you mean if i decide to pay in cash, you will give me a discount? does this mean you are doing something wrong. Im pretty sure if you stay at bally's and when you check out. The front desk says. hey if you pay with cash i will give u a discount? no way. this is called tax fraud.Rule# 1 about eating seafood in the nevada. ONLY in a hotel! there stuff is so rubbery and nasty. i really could not eat it. and i eat pretty much everything. but this was the 1 that was impossible. I dont think any real foody would disagree.my score: 1-10staff- 3menu- 2price- 2bathrooms- cant even be rated is was that bad "0"over all- Total Scam!
5	I went to Hot N Juicy as part of a group of 10 for a bachelor party. Although the wait was about 40 minutes on a Friday night, they were able to accommodate us pretty easily. I have never been to a restaurant with this concept, but I thought it was great. The table ordered a little bit of everything; crawfish, shrimp, & crab. Everything was delicious but the king crab legs are fantastic. We were talking about the food for days after.The wait staff were friendly and able to handle a rowdy bunch of guys. You may want to arrive by cab because I don't think there is much in the way of parking. To help offset the wait time check out Crown & Anchor bar across the street.
1	I almost threw up the minute I walked in this dive.  What a pit.  the smell of "fish gone wrong" was too overwhelming for me.  And the place was DIRTY.  Seafood and dirt DO NOT mix.The service was awful if you are not Asia....seriously....all the Asian folks were taken care of immediately.We ordered, then I made the mistake of going to the bathroom to wash my hands before I ate.  OMG.  I'm sure I picked up masses of germs just walking in that hole.Food came, and I swear we didn't eat it.  The shrimp were so tough it was impossible to really eat.  The crawfish?  It's like someone said below...it was like fish bait!  SO dirty and what really pissed me off was that I asked for medium and instead got the spiciest hottest juice ever.  When I asked if it was correct, she just shrugged her shoulders.  Wow.Disgusting, will never eat here again and will never suggest it to anyone who doesn't want to get sick.
5	So I am kinda new here, but I decided to join to write for a restaurant I really care about.I have been going to Hot N' Juicy ever since the Man v Food filming for the Travel channel show. I have to say that every time I have been there the service has been more than accommodating. The waitresses are very sweet and pretty and all the servers and staff are beyond friendly. As for the food, you really can't go wrong with a big ol' bag of snow crab legs and shrimp. I always get at least a dozen sausage and oysters to go with them. The sauces are out of this world good. My friend and I always get the nosebleed sauce on the side so we can just dip everything in it and use the rice on the side to cool down. It is an exhilarating experience. This place is hands down a one-of-a-kind experience for those in Vegas. I have lived here my whole life and have not found such an inexpensive restaurant that offers this kind of experience to this scale. IMPORTANT: All the claims of sanitation issues and health violations are completely FALSE! They have recently been checked by the state health department and have been cleared of all false accusations.Please don't let a few negative words fool you on this joint. Just go there and try for yourself. You won't be disappointed!
5	I have eaten several times at this restaurant and have not been disappointed. My first time eating at the restaurant was during the premiere of Hot n' Juicy's spot on the Travel Channel, Man v. Food and I have been a regular since. Moving to Vegas I found it was hard to locate the locally owned, unique restaurants. If you are looking for a unique restaurant with great seafood (hard to find in a desert), then check out Hot n' Juicy.I feel like family when I visit and the servers are incredibly helpful in suggestions on what to eat.This restaurant has great service, awesome seafood (try the snow crab!!), and offers a one-of-a-kind, affordable experience hard to find in the Las Vegas area. The best part? Your seafood doesn't come out on a plate. How does it come out then? I'll guess you'll just have to go see for yourself. Let's just say it is a hands on experience.  A regular meal for me includes at least a pound of snow crabs and a dozen sausage. For those who are looking for a milder juice lemon pepper is the way to go!
5	I've been to Hot N Juicy for the past 4 years as a regular customer. It's become a tradition for my family and friends. I've always had a great experience there as well as great food. The employees are friendly and fun. They provide exceptional food and are extremely clean. I've never had any issues with their food or cleanliness. Try the nosebleed sauce if you like spiciness. It's not on the menu. My favorite is lemon pepper. Get 2lbs and you get a free potato and corn =]
5	ive been going to this place since the week it opened, and of course since i am "asian" i needed to eat rice with my food so i would actually bring in my own rice until i finally was able to convince the owner to put rice on the menu and she DID. I watch this place grow so busy over the last several years now and im so happy for the owners that this place became a huge success. I want to make a very true  and clear point here because its just very dissappointing to find out to hear what people will do for vengeance to make a fabulous place like this shut down.  To the person who loves to spread false information and to put it on this on the news is completely outright wrong! and secondly karma is a bitch cause you messed up in the first place...hate it to say it to the folks but this place is NOT going to shut down.There will ALWAYS be dissatisfied customers no matter what! no matter what!Honestly,  this place is not gonna make everyone happy, i mean, what business out there does???? this IS america people! we love to complain, and all the better, we loooove to sue each others ass off!! All I can tell you is that since ive been coming here along with all the waaaaay tooooo many people i referred this place to and i rarely ever got a bad response, and only a few times i did get one its because they were either 1) don't eat seafood 2) extremely fickle picky eaters.but this place is outstanding, and consistent, its always freaking busy! so the customer service is not always gonna be 110% on top of things, your not coming here for superb service, your coming here for seafood cajun style and  of course, if you like it "SPICY". if your a customer and you demand perfect food along with perfect service go take yourself to a 5 star rated michelin awarded restaurant cause theres a few here in vegas, and spend your $500  + worth of experiencing excellent dining. Other than that,  ive said what i needed to say. Nonetheless, hot and juicy, when it comes to great seafood and spice and BLUECRABS, you never fail me, you just make me and all the rest of your fans from vegas, l.a., the bay, and everyone else from all over,coming back for MORE!!!!!!!!
5	It is AMAZING HERE, their sauce is soooo deng good, out of all the crawfish place i've tried, this matches up to boiling crab.  I love the potato !!! it's sooo good with the sauce, i had it 2 days in a roll =X ! hahaha their crawfish is bigger than the one at boiling crab tho, the shrimp tastes good, but the skin is soft? haha, but overall it is amazing, PROS: Potato w their hot n juicy sauce!their crawfish size!the hot n juicy sauce!CONS:the cajun fries, just fries with seasoning? it have nothing on the bc fries.  dont get it, its just regular fries! the charge extra for more seasoning on top of the seasoning thats already on there, (which is not enoughhh by farr)their price is bout the same as bc, maybe a dollar more, but hey! ur in vegas, this place is definitely a stop to make!
5	This place continues to be great for me. Keep bringing me the Hot N' Juicy crab legs!
4	Mmm Hot & Juicy!  Indeed!  I came here for a bachelorette party in the summer.  I took the bachelorette to Hot & Juicy as we waited for the other bridesmaids to arrive.  There was a long line of people waiting outside.  It was a Thursday night.  The staff told it was a 45 minutes wait, so we decided to go cross the street and go grocery shopping.  I wanted to buy some fruits and snacks for the hotel.  By the time we got back, we were directed to our table.  I've heard such good things about this place from my girlfriends who were locals, skinny, extremely glamorous, and they can eat!   The bachelorette ordered 1 lb of shrimp with the Hot & Juicy special sauce, garlic fries, and I ordered 1 lb of crawfish as well as buttered corn on the cob.   They all come out piping hot in a plastic bag.  We received a bib however,  we did not get any gloves as did some of my fellow yelpers.  I guess we didn't order enough food?  My buttered corn was completely soaked in butter and spices, it was so salty and soft.  I couldn't eat it.  I just wanted boiled corn and they said I had to be more specific.  You had to say boil corn or something.  My waiter was horrible.  He wasn't that attentive.  He gave me attitude because he had to take that corn back and gave me a different corn.  My 2nd corn was still super soft and with tons of butter.  I was super disappointed.  I love corn too!   Ah, did I forget to mention that I had to ask where my corn was?  He had forgotten to place an order of the corn.  He didn't even apologize for forgetting.  He just brought out that soggy salty corn.  Anyway, on to the review of the rest of the meal, it was yummy!  The crawfish was fresh.  All the shells were hard and not soft.  So that's how you would know if the crawfish is fresh or not.  The flavors of the garlic and spices were so good.  It was definitely a finger licking experience.  For the two of us, 1 lb each on shrimps and crawfish was enough.  I don't normally eat that much shrimp, but crawfish I can eat a lot of.  I'd recommend coming to this place for the experience, maybe not so much for the corn.  It was actually kind of neat to see them serving white rice as a side dish.  Next time I visit Vegas, I'm definitely coming back.  We have a Crawfish King in Seattle and I do not like that place at all.  I'll do a review on that place later.
4	It's 2pm, and it's time for the only meal of the day. If you've had your fair share of buffets, I think Hot N Juicey is a great alternative. Awesome selection of seafood, sauce with a great spicy kick, and you get to attack your food with all the barbarity you can muster.Since the four of us were starving, we ordered a portion of cajun fries, a portion of sweet potato fries, a dozen oysters and 4lbs of shrimp. Yeah, that's way too much food. The fries had good flavour but to me, they just took up unnecessary tummy space. The oysters were small and scrawny but still had a nice, fresh taste. The shrimp on the other hand, was impressive. They were big and filled us up fast. We went with the spicy Hot N Juicy sauce, and we were all feeling a little burning around our lips. Very satisfying.
4	Has to try this place out after seeing it on Man vs Food on the Travel Channel. It was really busy and they needed more staff that day but after talking to them afterward they were surprised by the rush that day. The Crawfish was really good. Ordered both the spicy and medium but I would say go with the medium I eat hot but it was spicy for me. Great new is that they are opening one in Seattle where I live. Ya!
5	My bestfriend brought me and my boyfriend here when we went to visit her in vegas..shes always talking about how good this place was so we had to try it.amongst the three of us we got 3lbs of crawfish- mild hotness, 2lbs of shrimp, one order of calamari, and an order of cajun fries. we got the same sauce for the crawfish and shrimp, which was DEEEELICIOUS!! honestly, i liked their sauce more than the boiling crab, and what's even better is that THERE'S NO 2-3 HOUR WAIT!! unlike boiling crab, no matter what day of the week or what time of the day, there will ALWAYS be a wait. once we got into this restaurant, the waitress asked us how many and seated us within minutes. if you like garlic, this is the place to go, their sauce is thick and flavored with garlic, it was just perfect.if youre ever in vegas, you should definitely give this place a try.
2	Had to try it since we were in Vegas... People told me it was better than Boiling crab... i ain't a fan of craw fish/shrimps but i mean... boiling crab's seasoning is pretty good! So we went in... looks very similar to bc... but when we got the food..... yea... def not like our bc... don't think i would ever go back...
1	OMG this place SUCKS! Its NOTHING COMPAIRED TO BOILING CRAB1st... the shimp is over cooked..too soft2nd...the seasoning is soo watered down..and it gives the shrimp no flavor at all3rd...the "cajun fries" suck.. its has barely no seasoning4th..the corn sucks.. it taste just like KFC corn..and adam richman was here?!..sorry man vs food guy u gotta come down to the OC n go to boiling crab
4	Went straight to Hot N Juicy when my friends & I landed in Vegas last week. I saw this joint on Travel Channel & being a fan of Louisiana  Style Crawfish...it was mandatory that we hit up this place. The Crawfish were GINORMOUS & tasted pretty good. Could've used more seasoning, but it was  pretty decent considering the size of their Brown River Crawfish. I'd say the crawfish & the sauce here is tastier than Boiling Crab, but I still like Crab Hut much better. If Crab Hut served these steroid induced crawfishes...I'd be there prepared for high cholesterol. Customer service kinda sucked cuz we ordered Calamari, which never came out...even after several reminders. Other than that everything else was great...we will be coming back the next time we're in Vegas & will continue to tell our friends about this place.
5	Stopped by earlier to have a late dinner with my partna in crime, LiLy D. I called them at almost 10:30pm to ask what time the kitchen closes. The guy said, "we close at 11" I said "so it's ok if I come by in 5 minutes?" he says, "I'll let you slide"What we ordered:1 lb shrimp Hot N Juicy Sauce Medium Spicy 1 lb shrimp Garlic Butter Sauce Spicy 1 lb crawfish Hot N Juicy Sauce Medium Spicy 1 order dinner rolls 3 Blue MoonsThe food was hella good as usual. The employees were cool about us making them stay past their closing time. They never rushed us and even asked if we wanted more beers. I noticed on the very bottom of the bill said something like "WRITE A REVIEW ON YELP"I asked my waiter when they started having that on the receipt and he said it just started yesterday. That is effin AWESOME!!!
5	awesome selection of flavors. i can just drinks the juice of it....yummy
4	Clients took me here and I always heard it was good, I'm glad they suggested it.  They go all the time so they ordered for us.Pretty simple concept.  I never had crawfish in my life and I tried them.  They are okay, but seem like a lot of work.  I prefer the shrimp myself.  The flavors that they toss the seafood in is just awesome.  Lots of garlic and spice goodness.  Great when they add a potato and corn into the bag so they too soak up the flavors.  A little messy, so you want to go with people you are comfortable with and takes time to eat your food, so don't go when you are in a rush!  Only thing that could see being an issue for some if you are weird like me, the shrimp are in their shell with the heads on, so you have to take the heads off and they are not deviened, so that could be a little gross to think about.  I ate a whole bag to myself and I didn't get sick, nothing to worry about.   Prices are by the pound, so it can add up!   Quite messy, so just be ready and use all the paper towels they give you.  I would also bring lots of gum for the garlic breath after too!
5	on our most recent trip to vegas, which was just this week, we ventured off the strip and tried Hot N Juicy Crawfish.it was phenomenal!we had never been here before so we were pretty unsure of what to order...the waitress was super helpful in explaining the menu to us.  we ordered two pounds of crawfish and crab legs (mild, hot n juicy) with potatoes and corn and a few blue moons.the food was so incredible.so messy.so, so good.the spice level was right on with what the waitress said it would be and wasn't too overwhelming.  she said even the medium is a little spicy so we went with the mild.  my lips were tingly...and i liked it!the crawfish are a lot of work with not much payoff but it's fun...if you go expecting to get lobster-sized pieces of meat out of a crawfish, well, duh.  it's a crawfish.the potatoes were great...new potatoes that soak up all the juicy sauce.  same with the corn.  i can't say enough about this place except that i wish we had found it sooner.  oh...DON'T go in your fancy club clothes.  you'll leave smelling like garlic and seafood.  do go expecting to have a good time and an enjoyable meal.your palate will thank you!
3	First, a disclaimer: I moved here from Southern California and my parents still live in Orange County so I probably visit them and a crawfish joint there (Boiling Crab, Claws, etc...) at least every month.Hot N Juicy has gotten better over the years with their service.  The waiters are very attentive now and you will never experience a crisis of tongue-on-fire and an-empty-drink-in-hand.  The service is consistent and commendable.However, what they improved in service, they still lack in taste.  Let me digress for a second: the spine of any seafood-in-a-bag formula is the sauce, something that resulted from Vietnamese people living in New Orleans, loving crawfish, Cajun spice, butter, garlic, and more garlic.  The Viet crawfish craze started in Houston, jumped to Westminster, and spread nationwide.  Hot N Juicy is the Las Vegas response to a community that contains a sizable Vietnamese population.  They caught their lucky break from appearing on the Travel Channel.  But they cannot be the representative for the Vietnamese Cajun crawfish subculture.  Which brings me back to sauce: Hot N Juicy's most popular sauce for any seafood in a bag is far behind.  Besides being too watery, it also contains too much garlic (yes, it's possible).  There is having enough garlic to highlight the flavor of the seafood (something Boiling Crab & Claws in Orange County do well) and there is suffocating the flavor with too much garlic.There is one thing I love here, which are the sweet potato fries, fried to perfection with the right crisp.I'll go to Hot N Juicy if my Vegas friends crave it; but if it was up to me, I'd ask them to work on improving the sauce, like they have with the service.
4	Maybe I never come when it's packed but people in LV are sleeping on this place.  Foreal tho.Although I always seem to get a weird feeling in my head everytime I eat here, I always come back.  Flavor, flavor, flavor!! It's so strong and tasty!  I always get 1lb of shrimp, corn on the cob, half dozen sausage, and maybe a couple potatoe's all in one flavorful juicy bag. And a side order of rice... Or two.  Service is ALRIGHT, they're not on top of their game as opposed to the Boiling Crab in Alhambra, CA.Beware!! After eating here, your hands, breath and clothes will smell like hot n juicy garlic for days!!  I suggest you ask for gloves and wear clothes you don't wanna wear out that night as it will begin to be smelling like your aunties house who cooks all the time. As for the breath, there's no escaping that.Don't wear a white shirt either, guaranteed there's gonna be shrimp and crawfish brains splashing everywhere.  The bib they give you is essential.
4	I love Sundays, besides being "holy". (I am a good girl). As usual, I have my Sunday treat but it was "messy" and "kind-of-getting dirty". I just had to have...aaah, crawfish.  I would say that is the closest I could get myself to transporting my state of mind in my good ole' neighborhood in the South. Since lived there, and having crawfish and alligator meat as Southern fare, crawfish became my last Sunday's dinner. The smell of garlic, pepper and spice filled my nostrils upon entering. Windows brought in the early evening light as we walked in this cozy restaurant with its simple dining set-up. Rows of wooden chairs and white plastic-covered tables. Each table had a roll of paper towel. Television perched high up on one wall. Not much talking around, diners were busy.... Met by a smiling male waitstaff, and got a seat and table by the wall. Menu was simple in a rectangular paper. I knew what I liked. What else? but crawfish! I yearn for the days I would buy them from a seafood grocer in North Carolina and take it home to steam & boil it in my gigantic steamer-boiler pot. I am great at cooking crawfish. My kitchen has a rollaway spice rack filled with spices, stainless steel cookwares and stainless steel range-oven...I like making seafood and crawfish for myself and whenever I have guests. But this time, this restaurant cooks it for me. Order the crawfish or  seafood by the pound..or two...or three...as much you like. Also indicate the type of spice and amount of spiciness. The waitstaff pleasant and helpful about anything unclear about the spiciness. If you care to ask about how to peel off the crawfish meat from the shell, the waitstaff will show you how. But I do know how, so let me say that I am hands-up, thumbs-up delighted when the crawfish I ordered came in a plastic bag inside a bucket. It was pulled out of the bucket and presented to me and my Mom. It was steaming Hot-and-Juicy! just like the restaurant is called. The aroma was invigoratingly intoxicating! But stop! one thing I just have to do. "Cleanliness is next to Godliness" so where else would I go before all this? The bathroom awaits for a good hands cleansing. Did that so fast! Yes, hands where the main activity going in this restaurant. Everyone was just eating away with hands! Diners were busy! By golly, this is a feastful of fun! The crawfish was extrasuperfantastically delicious! Well made, not too dry! There was sauce inside the plastic bag. Spicy, it was especially my request of Louisiana Hot and Spicy Special was definitely the spiciness it supposed to be, just like in the South! Small chunks of garlic and ginger were visible as part of the seasoning. Besides the crawfish, the oysters on their half-ed oyster shells (my favorite!) were large and fresh. With sprinkling of lemon juice and butter sauce gave it the "to-die-for" yumminess. Also, the crab legs (presented steaming in a plastic bag) was remarkably meaty. A side order of corn was drenched with garlic and butter with a little spiciness of Creole seasoning. Oh, corn-soft-ness!Alas, this is a place for hands-on eating for juicy seafood! My Mom and I was delightfully full and messy. Yes, there were splashes of red on our bibs and table cover from the Creole-Cajun-Louisiana sauce but no cares. The table covers gets trashed by the waitstaff after each table is vacated. There's water in the bathroom, just go wash those hands! But will surely go back for more hot and juicy sea eats!
4	They Bleed GarlicWe all have our flavor obsessions.  Some of us need lots of salt in a dish, while others tend to follow their sweet tooth.  For those of you who crave garlic, Hot N' Juicy Crawfish is your mecca, you should make your pilgrimage.  This place is all about one thing, and that is the food.  Generally speaking, you will not use plates or silverware here, just your hands.  The small paper menu features a few items, which can be ordered in a variety of styles.  Tables are topped with a roll of paper towels, and a garbage bag as a table cloth.  Normally I balk at the idea of wearing a gimmicky bib at a restaurant, but when your server brings you a bib, PUT IT ON.  This meal is a hot n' juicy mess.  Last night we had a pound of the king crab legs cooked "Hot N' Juicy special" style (think chinatown meets the bayou, or Mulan meets The Frog Princess if you're a Disney fanatic)  We also had a pound of crawfish the same way.  The King Crab Legs ($20 a lb. right now) were huge, meaty, and succulent.  The meat eagerly came out of the shell, as if it was waiting all day for me to eat it. We also ordered a pound of the crawfish.  The only issue I had with these tiny dancers was that they're typically out of season this time of year.  The ones brought to the table were small, like the size of a medium shrimp.  They were tasty, but it is a lot of work for what amounts to a mento-sized morsel of meat. Be ready to emanate garlic from your pores for a few hours after the meal, but its totally worth the aroma.  This is a great alternative date spot, since it is messy, casual, and reasonably priced.  Messy + Casual + Reasonably priced = Delicious Fun!
4	saw this place on food network man vs foods, so my friends and i went and eat there...when we got there the place is pack but we got seated pretty quick....we order some crawfish and shrimp, both of the favor was great!!!!
4	Need a spicy kick to get over your hangover? well this is the place! outta all of the Cajun southern places, i think this is my fav. Right when I walked into the restaurant, the aroma of homey seafood spices lingers right into my nostrils like music to my ears.Got seated, ordered the usual craw fish, shrimp, and sweet potato fries but the thing that i really enjoyed was the deep fried catfish with fries, it was mm mmm good salty and crispy with fish meat in the middle. Towards the end of the gruesome shell tearing lies the shrimp and crawfish graveyard on the table. i poured some corona (in my mouth) for the sea critter homies, RIP delicious bunch :)
4	BITE MESUCK METhis is what to do @ the Hot n Juicy Crawfish...No Burgers here!Get the Cray fish in season from Louisiana Fall-SpringMILD was spicy enough for me.Unbelievable....This is the HOLE IN THE WALL place everyone searches for.Very well known HOLEWonderful employees..Plastic disposable table clothesGET THIS:Food is served in a plastic clear bag and you EAT OUT OF THE BAG?Sounds CRAZY HUH?I almpost felt homeless?But, seriously, the food is awesome( I of course had the CRAWFISH)And the sweet potato
5	Flavorful, juicy, and aromatic.  It never gets boring when you're eating a pound of seafood with friends.  Although it gets a little messy, I'd say it's a fun social outing to do with friends....now if you're alone, then that's a different story.  I discovered this place a few months after it opened up, and went back every 2 weeks to get it.  I was on the "Hot N Juicy" fever.  You do get a little stench of seafood delight for two days, but it's well worth it to me.  I usually order:- 1 lb of Butter Garlic shrimp with 1/2 a dozen sausages, and a potato --- no spice, cause somehow it's still spicy. And shrimp, cause it's more meat.- Cajun and sweet potato fries (cause I can never chose which one I like best)Always ask for salt, pepper, and lime for the dipping sauce.  To me, it just makes everything taste better, and save some of the lime for your hands.  It tries to remove the smell, just a little bit.
5	I LOVE Hot N Juicy Crawfish! I like trying new places and rarely go the same place twice, because I'd rather try something new. However, I have been to Hot N Juicy three or four times, which is a lot for me, and I will definitely be back many more times. It's sooo good! When my wife and I go we usually get two pounds of crawfish and one pound of shrimp. We get one medium spiciness and two mild. (The medium's pretty hot and the mild is medium spiciness). We also get a basket of the soft shell crab which is delicious. The shrimp and crawfish are messy as you have to peel your own and are laden in delicious sauce, so don't wear your Sunday best.
5	Update from last year. I took some friends with me this time and everything was just as good...hot n juicy! We had a great time and eat ourselves silly! Everyone there seemed to be having a great time. Love it, love it, love it! If you're a "seafood pepper head" try Hot & Juicy.
4	Came here on a Friday night. Place was crowded and lively, but we didn't have to wait longer than 15 minutes. 2 lbs of shrimp2lbs of crawfishSweet potato fries2 sides of rice and corn on the cob4 beersTotal came to less than $80 bucks for 4 people. Not bad! Key is to get the rice to catch that yummy, buttery, garlicky sauce!Would definitely come back next time I'm in town...just not on a first date. ;)
1	What is this place?!Hot n Juicy...i think not!Went there with friends for the first time and being this our first meal of the day of the trip....YELPers and Hot n Juicy totally did not deliver...for shame for shameLets begin...the service - eh its ok, i had better at like a McDonald's but it wasnt like horrible but eh....the decor - like again...nothing fancy, ive seen better McDonald's, but it was at least together...like there is a theme but it just isnt my cup of tea.Onto the food - so their menu isnt BIG but its decentPrice was a lil out there but then again...its seafoodI ordered fried calamaris...i know...but i still got something that is seafoodand my friends got the shrimp and clawfish sha-bang.I tried a shrimp for myself, and ok the sauce was alright...nothing that i would die for if i dont have anymore but eh..im not going to miss it.  My fried calamaris...where are you, i was waiting!  I was expecting fries to come along with it since it said it would but...with a sad face...i didnt get it =(.My calamaris? how are they you ask? umm...tasteless? is that too harsh, ok...it was very blah and not seasoned and the portion size...it is probably the size of my fists and then some.  Yea not much for 9 bucks...so my friend's meal...NOT SO PRETTY....the crawfish was big but not fresh...it was black...and i know a thing about seafood or so...and it shouldnt have looked like the way it did....sooooto just finish the whole thing...it wasnt good, it was a waste of my money and everyone else's....and never again... will i go back
4	I love this place. Be warned. Wear comfy clothes. And make sure you don't mind having those clothes smell because once you walk out, people from miles away will be able to smell your new perfume "eu de shrimp".The wait wasn't too bad. The only reason it took a bit longer was because we had a huge party... and that's understandable. My order: 1lb of shrimp (hot/juicy special, mild), calamari, and sweet potato fries. The shrimp was extraordinary, while the calamari and sweet potato fries were nothing out of the ordinary. I love the yummy  butter garlicky lemon buttery spicy sauce that they boil those bad boys in. A tip: after taking off the shell, pinch the shrimp meat so that it flattens out a bit and then take it on a dunk in the sauce. Believe me, it helps to sop up that sauce! The fries needed a bit more salt but it was good and crunchy! The calamari was great. Needed a bit more uniqueness to it but all in all, it was tasty.Would I go here again? Hell yesssss!!! Bring on the bib baby!
5	I've been a frequent patron of this very busy little joint even before it became famous from that show on the food channel.  Since then every time we go here it's at least 20-40 minute wait unless you get there before 5:30 pm.  I hate waiting and usually would not wait for anything...................... except for this darn hot n juicy crawfish!!  The minute you peel off the head and suck the tamale off the shell you remember why you wait 40 minutes to be seated (the waiting area is standing along the wall), drink off of styrofoam cups and plates and pay $10 a pound (I eat minimum of 5lbs).  Sounds like I'm bitching, but it's soooo damn good you forget about all the "little" inconvenience and just saviour the succulent crawfish.  Prepare yourself if you don't like spicy food.  Just a little advice and make sure you ask  for mild if you like medium in a Thai restaurant.
4	Any place where I need to wear a bib, is an instant favorite! Ok, I've been to Boiling Crab and other comparable places many times and all had their similarities and differences. Some people like the flavoring at BC and others like it at this place or that. etc... So back to Hot n Juicy. We came here when it just opened for lunch (we knew about the crowds during lunch and dinner), we sat immediately and I ordered crawfish and shrimp both with med hot and juicy special. And you know what... i liked it. The crawfish was cooked right (not over cooked which i've gotten at other establishments) and there were different sizes of crawfish. a few really large ones to. the shrimp was equally tasty. With a side of salt, pepper and lime juice... oh my. I have my routines.I also ordered the corn, sausage and cajun fries. Got a couple of Coronas to wash it down with and I was happy. Ok, I wasn't really hungry.... ;) jk.Service was friendly and attentive as well as attractive. Dining area is a decent size and i can see it getting a little cramp'd when it's a full house. Has a local dive feel. Don't expect gourmet here.Sorry to hear about other's bad experiences at this place, as it was a good one for my friends and I. I look forward to going back and right when it opens for lunch. :) If you've never been, give it a try. Enjoy! :)
2	Hot n Juicy is crap!!!  I can't imagine why it has four stars and why people are comparing it's goodness to boiling crab!  This place doesn't even come close to BC, and I'm not just referring to the food.  First of all, there's nothing hot n juicy about the food they serve!  The sauce is so boring!!! it lacks so much flavor and is freaking watery.  It seems like the shrimp was cooked, steamed, then tossed in the bag along with the sauce.  If this is how they do it, they're missing out on some major flavor absorption within the shrimp!  Not to compare it to boiling crab, but you can tell BC lets their shrimp stew in the sauce because every piece is saturated with it's yumminess.Anyway, that's all I've bothered trying here.  To make things worse their prices are a tad bit more expensive and definitely not worth paying for watered down shrimp in a bag.  Moreover, they do not use fine ground pepper!  Ugh, who wants to have big ass chunks of ground pepper on their shrimp??!! How hard is it to invest in FINE ground pepper??  Yes, it's that important and yes, it makes a difference in taste.All food aside, the decor of this place sucks too!  They have these tacky posters of all this French stuff.. Why???!? of all places would you have these hanging at a restaurant that is totally irrelevant to the type of food being served?!  Also, I think the pictures of people on one side of the wall looks weird.  Whatever, I gave this place a try every time I  had my sporadic craving of BC (twice).  Will I try again?? I'll probably just wait til I'm back in the bay to satisfy my hunger because hot n juicy ain't hot or juicy enough for me.Btw. Service is just alright.  Nothing major and nothing to make note of.  Oh, and if you pay with cash I believe you get 10% off your check.
4	I've never eaten in the restaurant, i always get it "to go".. stinks up my whole house, but its SOOOO GOOD :)  I always get the shrimp, its a little overcooked.. but good nonetheless. I've tried the crawfish..yummy, but just not patient enough to get to the tiny little bit of meat inside, haha. But overall, I LOVE THIS PLACE! Be warned though, I eat a lot of spicy food, but their "medium" here, is actually quite hot to me. Still good though! You get like 3% off if you pay cash, or something like that.
1	Food was decent. Service was terrible. This was my 2nd visit. Defienetely not the same experince. They got our food order wrong and didn't want to take it back. There goes 40 dollars down the drain. If you've been there, u know the routine. Crab decorated bibs and the option of gloves. Didn't get any of that. No refills on drinks until we asked for it. Theywerent even busy. No wait to get in so no excuse for bad service.
5	I've tried the boiling crab in San Jose ca, but this place is much better (Man vs. Food discovery) the favors are balanced and the staff is very friendly but keep reminding them if your missing an order. It gets busy on their hands. I like to order a corn on the side with melted butter, that way I could dip my shrimp or crawfish into it (satisfying my craves)
4	I've been to this place about three times and I'm still not tired of it! I have also been to the boiling crab in san jose, california but it does not compare to our louisiana style crawfish! If you do not like breaking the shells of the crawfish, shrimps are the way to go! There are also various seasoned flavors that the shrimps or crawfish are cooked in, but be prepared to taste a little spice! Oh! Another tip, be prepared to wait. Sometimes the waiting list is about an hour!! But you'll enjoy it overall. It is one thing everyone must experience! You get hot n juicy bibs and you also can get down and dirty with your hands, so you can choose to wear gloves. If you also like rice with your seafood, a bowl of rice is $2.
4	had a TOOOOOTALLY fun time with the hubs a few nights ago. Opted for the crawfish, since it's in the name.  While tasty (and ZOMG spicy for real) they were an awful lot of work so we ordered a lb. of shrimp too.  Head on, just how i like 'em - suck those juicy brains out!!!  They have oysters too, which I normally love but am a little nervous about in a place with bibs and food served in plastic bags so we passed.  Service was a tad surly and super um 'efficient' which I frankly quite enjoy (I'm from New York originally).  Bill after 4 beers and 3 lbs. of awesome seafood?  something in the realm of 40 bucks .  Absolutely sweat garlic for 24 hours and was totally worth it. Will be back and keep poking around with other sauces and seafood combinations.  winner.
5	Best food in Vegas, don't wear white.
4	Saw this place on Man Vs Food and definitely wanted to try this place out. I've gone to Boiling Crab in San Jose, CA and this place blows them out of the water, HANDS DOWN!!! I came out on a WED night and it wasn't packed. I wonder how it is on the weekends. The Staff is nice and the place is great for a group of friends. I recommend sharing food as most items on the list is served in pounds. *WATCH OUT* the sauce is *HOT* I love spicy food so I order the MEDUIM and even that was a little to HOT for me!!! The sauce is one of the best and most flavorful I've had. If you've gone to other places, you gotta try this place out!!!Cajun Fries: ASausage: AHotNJuicy Special Sauce: A Medium Spice Level: (HOT!!!)King Crab Legs: ASnow Crab: BCrawfish: C (NOT IN SEASON)Shrimp: B
4	I'm sure this place is always compared to the boiling crab. OK, OK excited that there is no line able to be seated and the staff very friendly. Option to ask for gloves for the mess that one shall endure. By comparison, The whole shabang reigns flavor. Hot n Juicy sauce, Mmm more of a garlic taste. I had a lb of Shrimp which was overcooked, and corn which was deflated... the bite had no squirt, no corn juice! Would I be back? ...Yes! Different place, different taste.
5	SOOOOOO DELICIOUS!!!!!! I love love love how affordable it is too! Ordered two pounds of crawfish, one order fried shrimp, cajun fries and fried catfish, all for four people, and it was definitely enough. I'm not sure if that's because I drank so much water that I became full. However, I love their sauce, you MUST go for their specialty! Really good asian blend of spices mixed with new orleans yummyness. I do have to admit that maybe about 10+ crawfishes in my tongue and mouth started to burn, but that wasn't going to make me stop eating!Ok i have to admit that the crawfishes are a bit tiny, but the best part of it all is that you're suppose to suck it all. Not just eat the meat, but the brains/roes. For real! The corn was delicious after it absorbed all the flavor and it was so juicy!Fried shrimp great, so was the catfish. I'm not sure what batter they use, but it's amazing. Nice and crusty and oh sooo full of flavor! I like how the shrimp was butterflied open, and the catfish was so juicy inside. Not overdone at all. Complaint was the cajun fries...not enough cajun seasoning. I'm definitely having more cravings....I want some NOW! Will they deliver to CA? That would be GREAT!
5	Ever since we saw this place on Man v Food, we've been stopping in when we're in town. The crawfish are too much work for the meat you get but we love the shrimp, crab & sausage. The corn & potatoes are great soaked in the spicy sauce! Get here in the early afternoon to avoid the lines...
4	if i were to die tomorrow, i would be down to have this as my last meal. the king crab legs are delicious. the oysters are fresh. the only thing i could complain about is service. the times i went it wasn't really THAT busy, but we needed to, for real, track our waitress down to refills. my suggestion for going is to go early afternoon, and before 6 because after 7ish it gets packed, and there is a little bit of a wait. and make sure to come dressed pretty casual, and make plans to shower after cuz you're gonna smell.
5	When was my last review of this place? 3/7/2008?!?! uh...wow...Despite the long...LONG delay in returning there's one thing about hot and juicy i will never forget since the first time my brother took me there. START WITH MILD!!! I still remember the flash genocide of thousands of my taste buds when i took that first bite.Service was great. Our server started off by informing us that because it's near the end of the mud bug's cycle the average size of the crawfish were smaller then usual. This saved a lot of grief and looks of WTH?! when the bags came. A majority of us where fine with the shrimp.All and all an excellent night filled with laughter being exchanged between friends, shrimp and crawfish shells all over the table and everyone's garlic breath in the air.Unless Hot N Juicy finds a way to breed and farm crawfish to provide large mud bugs year long there's no way this place can improve on what it's already got going.Additional note it's every entertaining seeing female diners wearing stylish 'going out' clothes and that plastic bib with large lobster squeezing a lemon trying to save them a dry cleaning bill. LoL
4	I love hot n juicy! The first time i came here me and the bf were seated right away, unlike the 3+ hour waits at Boiling Crab in LA. The prices weren't at all bad and they are pretty quick service-wise. Their sauce is spicy even for the mild, but still finger licking good! I would rather choose Boiling crab's sauce over Hot N Juicy's, but overall Hot N juicy's got my vote. Faster seating, quick service, good prices, and FREE water?? Yeah of course i'd pick Hot N Juicy! My only complaint about this place is that they kind of over cook the shrimp so it makes it a little harder to peel off the shell.
4	Must try for sure!  I didn't even know about this place til after I moved from LV!   It is definitely good food.  The wait staff was communicative with how small the crawfish were since it's 'off season' but it was still good!!
5	Love this place!  Wish there was one in the bay!
3	I don't see what the big deal is about this place.Yes, the corn is overcooked and not plump.Yes, the sauce does taste watered-down.Just a fun thing to do when in Vegas, I suppose.I do think the fried catfish was tasty, though.Ordered: 1 lb frozen craw fish (not in season anyway so who cares), 1 lb shrimp, catfish basket, and 2 corn.
5	WOW!!! Love this place!! I serve in a local restaurant and actually tell my customers about this place. My daughter and I try to go at least once a week! Not only is the crawfish fabulous but they have the freshest oysters i have ever eaten! Always happy and unpretentious servers that are attentive, always keeping my drink filled. I will keep wrestling with the dilemma of spreading the word of this place but afraid that too many people that know about it will ruin it. Last time i was there i overheard a couple of ignorant patrons complaining, obviously they have no idea what good taste is. Can't fix unsophisticated taste palates. Let them eat elsewhere, perhaps a hamburger chain. We will continue to patronize as long as they are open!!!
5	After seeing this on Man Vs. Food, I knew I had to try this place during my recent visit to Las Vegas.Located not far from the strip, in China town area, this place serves great crawfish spiced to your preference (i.e. w/ corn, sausages, extra spicy, etc.)! A well shelf'd bar fits well given the amount of crawfish that was devoured!Service was great/friendly, but beware, this joint can get packed during dinner. We got lucky and stopped by during lunch time (twice) during our stay.
4	After much anticipation I finally made my way down to HnJ this last week with some girlfriends and we had a blast!Pros:1) Awesome service - our waitress was so friendly and even showed us how to eat the crawfish2) Price- for all three of us only set us back $50 and we were stuffed!3) Its cool to eat somewhere that was featured on the Food Network people!Cons:1) Did not fall madly in love with crawfish...but did like it. I guess we all preferred the shrimp....still it was fun.2) Mild is still spicey! Be aware that the regular is spicy. I eat like a spice virgin soooooo kinda my own fault. ( neither con is really anything wrong with them....just preferences..)Overall it was a great experience and I would go back again! Maybe on my next Hot n Juicy Date :) LOL
5	Boiling Crab is nothing compared to Hot N' Juicy!  It's just something about their finger lickin' good seasonings.  I highly recommend the hot n' juicy special sauce on the side. Also, the shrimp / crab boil is better than the crawfish when it is out of season.
4	Las Vegas is Sin City for a reason; it celebrates the seven deadly sins. In Vegas, your greatest weakness or vice becomes the source of all your pleasures. We were ready to give into our carnal desires and get down and dirty, indulging our voracious, gluttonous appetites. We wanted to get stuffed with something Hot N Juicy. Hot N Juicy is known for their seafood: crab (Dungeness, blue, snow), shrimp, and of course, crawfish. You pick the type of seasoning (Juicy Cajun, garlic butter, lemon pepper or the Hot n Juicy Special) and the level of spiciness (mild, medium, spicy or extra spicy). We ordered 2 lbs of snow crab legs and 2 lbs of crawfish with Juicy Cajun at medium, 2 pieces of corn, 2 red potatoes, etouffee (a Cajun seafood stew, similar to gumbo), and a side of sweet potato fries. Eating at Hot N Juicy is not an elegant refine affair. It's messy work because they dump a plastic bag of whatever seafood you ordered and you're only protection is the plastic table covering and a plastic bib. You open the bag and dig in.The crab meat was very sweet and juicy. It was perfectly cooked. I found that the spiciness of the food depended on the type of seafood because the seasoning is on the outside of the shell. The meat isn't spicy unless you soak it in the sauce first. I found the level of spiciness in the crawfish much higher because the tail meat was much smaller and there was more shell around it, unlike the crab meat where I could pull out large pieces of meat out of the shell. Also I got more spicy sauce from the crawfish because I sucked crawfish heads. After a while my lips got tingly and numb from the Cajun spices. I've never had crawfish whole before. I only had them de-shelled. While I love crawfish and the meat was great, I'll never have them whole like that again. The tail meat is rather tiny (I like 'em big -- size matters when it comes to these things). At the end, we looked at the mountain of shell and agreed that it was more work than it was worth. Crawfish is mostly shell and I'd rather pay someone to shell them for me.Etouffee was a spicy rice seafood stew. I liked the flavor and the level of spice was just perfect for me. I thought the rice was a tad overcooked and mushy from just sitting in a pot all day, but in general it was enjoyable.The boiled red potatoes were much needed as a break from the relentless Cajun spice. They were nice and sweet. The corn is out of season, so not as sweet and juicy as in the summer, but still tasty. The sweet potato fries were crispy and tasty.The final price for all of us was $30/person for three people. We gorged ourselves on great seafood and left utterly satiated. Happy ending for us indeed.What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. But this is one of the few times where you wish you could get crabs and bring them home with you.
4	Honestly, if I have never been to the Boiling Crab in San Jose this would have easily been a 5 star rating for me.  I just love the atmosphere of the whole place..from the garlic smell (that follows you through your clothing for the rest of your day by the way) to the get-down-and-dirty style.  Some things just taste better eating with your hands and this is one of those occasions.  Seating did not take very long and our server was very friendly and helpful.  He explained the system to us and forewarned us that even mild has a kick to it since it is a Cajun restaurant.  My lips were burning by the end of my meal with mild, so if you don't like spicy food, do not come here!We ordered snow crab legs since the blue crab and the dungeness crab were out (that was upsetting).  We got it with the Hot n Juicy seasoning, which the server explained did not mean it was spicy, but was a combination of all the other sauces.  It comes in a plastic bag, so we put on our plastic bibs and dug in!  It was delicious...the crab was meaty and the seasoning was just right.  Just thinking about the taste right now makes my mouth water.  We also ordered the sweet potato fries.  Maybe you would have better luck, but if you want my honest advice, do not order those!  They were soggy and gross.This is a must try if you have never experienced anything like this.  I would definitely come here again.  Do not wear nice clothes here if you plan to go clubbing afterwards, keep an open mind, and enjoy!
4	Went here in late October with my mother and grandmother.  Parking was a bit scarce, and the place crowded, but we were seated quite quickly.  Tables were simple and covered with wax paper, which is expected since eating crawfish tends to get messy (they do give you bibs, but you shouldn't go in wearing your best and most expensive clothes).We ordered two pounds of crawfish and an order of fried catfish.  Prices of the shellfish are market value, so you have to ask the wait staff (when we went, the price of crawfish was approximately $10 per pound.)  You then choose the type of seasoning you want for your crawfish and how spicy you want it.  We went with the Hot N Juicy special seasoning and Hot heat level, which was very delicious.  The Catfish was decent, but nothing special.  When you come here, stick with the shellfish.  I recommend this place.  Be sure to get here early, as it isn't a big place and fills fast, and expect it to be messy and fun!
4	I came here two years ago when on leave from Iraq.  Loved it.  And then after I came back from Iraq I was pleasantly surprised to see Man vs. Food come and eat here!  Good for them (both the show and the restaurant!).  Coming for CES I wanted to come back here.  Came on a Friday night and the place was packed.  Had to wait 30 minutes.  When they sat me down, the menu looked identical to what it was 2 years ago.  They told me because of the new opening of a 2nd Hot 'N Juicy in Washington (D.C. or state?) the shrimp was buy one and get one free.  Sure, why not?  So I ordered 1 lb of crawdad, 1 lb of crab legs and 1 lb of shrimp which turned into 2 lbs of shrimp.  Got the Hot 'N Juicy flavor which is a combination of all their flavors together.  You get four different flavors to choose from (check the website's menu) or you can just combine them all.  So I did this and asked for extra garlic.  And I emphasized a lot of garlic.  And I chose medium as to how spicy.  I remember the 1st time I went I ordered either the spicey or extra spicey and after 2 lbs of crawdad my mouth and innards were burning.  So I decided on medium this time.The tables you sit down at are covered with a plastic sheet.  You get a bib to eat all your food with also.  The food comes out in a plastic bag that holds your food and the juice of whatever flavor you chose.  While eating your food, you crack and open whatever it is you're eating directly on the table.  After you're down, the waiters just come and wrap up the entire thing with that plastic sheet and voila!  A brand new clean table is ready.  I thought this was so cool the 1st time I came here so I made a complete mess of myself and the table.Food came out and I started to chow down.  There was a ton of garlic in my bags, it was outstanding.  They forgot my bib and half-way through my 1st bag I asked for my bib.  One of the waitresses actually tied it around my neck for me 'cause my hands were already all messy.  I laughed as she tied it for me!  That's service!Food was even better than I last remembered.  Shrimp was completely on point being moderate to big sized.  Choose snow crab for my legs and they were great.  And of course the crawdad was excellent.  After 4 lbs of food the spices got to me again.  Will have to go with mild sauce next time-sigh, I'm just getting old and can't quite handle my spicy foods like I use to.So overall Hot 'N Juicy actually improved since I last came here-amazing.  A definite have to visit if you love crawdad.
5	I can honestly admit I'm a lazy person when it comes to eating. Cutting a piece of meat with a knife and/or fork/spoon (when I'm even lazier) is probably the most strenuous work I'll tolerate. Using my fork or spoon is enough, isn't it?The ONLY, I repeat ONLY, food I'll take time to carefully work at and eat is shellfish...specifically crab, lobster and crawfish. Unfortunately, being located in the Tri State area, there is a lack of crawfish which saddens me. Since I was in town for work I jumped at the opportunity to eat one of my favorite shellfish friends...crawfish!After leaving the CES convention center, my colleagues and I hailed a taxi* and requested to go to Hot N Juicy located in Chinatown. A split second later, we realized Hot N Juicy sounded like a strip club so we joked around with the taxi driver and insisted it wasn't a peep show. We were going to that AFTER we ate.My colleagues didn't know it but I was giggling like a little school girl when we arrived. Unfortunately for them, they aren't as adventurous when it comes to food so they ordered calamari, chicken wings and fries which they enjoyed.Our waiter was extremely informative, briefly describing to us (mostly me) how to order the seafood (per pound), by seasoning and spiciness. Since I've been to Boiling Crab I already knew what I wanted...2 lbs of garlic butter crawfish with medium heat. The garlic butter seasoning is SO mouth wateringly good that I could drink it as a side (not recommended though). They serve the seafood in plastic bags with bibs and paper towels. This is the messiest meal you will ever eat but so worth it. I was in business attire but was able to leave without any stains!As I twisted and separated the head and tail, sucked the head and pushed out the meat from the tail...my colleagues looked at me in complete disgust like I was a monster. Did I feel bad? Not at all. I easily finished the 2 lbs of crawfish like a true fatty. I ordered medium heat but my mouth was on fire pretty much the entire time I was eating so to counteract the heat, I took big swigs of beer which helped. The seafood pricing on the menu says market price so be sure to ask the waiter beforehand. The crawfish was about $10 per pound. Currently, they're having a BOGO shrimp special because they opened up another Hot N Juicy location in Washington, DC. Do I hear a road trip?My next visit will showcase their blue crab legs. If you're ever in Vegas or DC, I would highly recommend coming here if you're a seafood lover and don't mind getting messy. It's a freakin' dream.A fun tip, Hot N Juicy was on Man vs. Food.------------------------------------*In Las Vegas, taxis aren't allowed to pick up passengers on streets like NYC. They have to pull into a parking lot, hotel, restaurant, etc.
5	Gotta Love H&J !! Spices to die for!! Crab to Lust for.. Def one of my favorite places to eat in vegas! PS dont go here if you have somewhere to be later in the day.. you will smell like spices.. and seafood.. and deliciousness!!
3	Call me crazy, but I can't help but be a little disappointed. Ordered a pound of shrimp, mild with the special seasoning, and some sweet potato fries to take back to the hotel. Mild my a**! I had to have a drink after every few pieces of shrimp. Eventually the garlic from the seasoning started to get too intense. Took a slight break (Oh you know, head over to Aria to grab a Four Loko and back.) before finally finishing up the bag. The fries were a tad soggy, even though they had poked holes through the container to let the steam escape. My room could have been mistaken for another Hot N Juicy location because it sure smelled like it once I was finished. I'll give myself some redemption and actually eat inside the restaurant next time.
4	This is will be one of my go to places in Vegas from now on.
4	I've always seen this place but I never bothered to stop by. It was after I went to the Boiling Crab in Cali did I finally decide to come here. It's not nearly as good as the Boiling Crab, IMO. I ordered one pound of shrimp (they don't do half a pound like BC) in spicy Cajun, mild. It was the sauce that wasn't really good. Hence why I liked BC's more. My friends all got different flavors. The Hot N Juicy special tasted like Cajun to me. I did really like the lemon pepper, though. I'll probably get that next time. We got sweet potato and cajun fries. Sweet potato was okay, but I preferred the Cajun fries. They were yummy. All in all, it wasn't that bad. I would come back in the future. :)
2	first off the food here isn't bad but I prefer Boiling Crab on Decatur. i've been there twice in the past month and have to say that the service is terrible. the waitress' perform as if this is their first job waitressing and are still learning. one was actually rude when taking my order cause she couldn't understand what i wanted. maybe i was being unclear but come on. I will just have to expect the poor service. this place is well over rated.
4	Service GoodFlavor of sauce Good... kinda reminds me of Boiling Crab in San Jose, Ca though tastes better Didn't get to try Fresh Crawfish ... called and was told there was fresh get there 5 minutes later no more left  BLAHWill rate it higher when i go back and get to try out the FRESH craw until then ... everything else was good... oooTHE SAUSAGES TASTE GOOD
4	We heard about this place Spring of 2010 and finally went January 2011 when I was in the mood for some mud-bugs! We moved to Las Vegas from Louisiana. We only lived in Louisiana for 2 1/2 years but that's long enough to know about some good southern food! My husband and I got the same thing; 2 pounds of Crawfish with Spicy Cajun (Louisiana Style, Garlic Butter and Lemon Pepper) flavoring with medium spice level. I myself noticed the spice level in the corn since we had the corn and potato added to the bag's of Crawfish. Medium was even spicier than what we ever had in Louisiana, but the waiter did inform us to go down a level of what we were used to. The Crawfish was pretty good all in all. My husband and I both only had about 5 good sized Crawfish in each of our bags, maybe since it's off season. So that was a disappointment. I wish that they would clean the the Crawfish before they cook them. It's not fun looking at a Crawfish that looks like it still has dirt and sand on it.....ya ya ya I know their called mud-bugs but still. I know that would take some time for them to do but it just looks better. Your going to a Crawfish joint not a Chinese Buffet with Crawfish. It was kinda pricey since we're used to paying a couple bucks a sack in Louisiana, granted here they are the ones taking the time to boil them. During off season with live Crawfish (the waiter said some night's they're frozen) it worked out to be about $10-$11per pound. (On the menu for Crawfish it does say market price, the waiter said during season it might be about $8 per pound) They don't have a kids menu so we had to pay $7.50 for our 3 year old daughter to get a chicken nugget's and fries basket. For all 3 of us we got a total of 4lbs. Crawfish, 2 extra corn's, chicken and fries basket, 1 soda and 2 water's and our bill was $65.00 before tip. We will try to get back before we move out of state this summer but we are also planning on having some shipped in from Louisiana and doing our own Crawfish boil so we'll see. If we were staying here in Vegas I'm sure we would go back. I
5	Hot n juicy is just as good as boiling crab in San Jose, minus the 3+ hour wait, which is why it gets 5 stars. We had 1lb of crawfish (spicy) and shrimp (medium) 10.99 each. The hot n juicy special sauce is thick, garlicy & very flavorful. I looove spicy food, so if u can take spiciness go for the Spicy/ medium.
2	Disclaimer: I am a boiling crab fan. I will try to leave out the comparisons... keyword is try.Here we are in Vegas... We stumble upon hot & juicy. Of course our first thought was whole shabang?!? In Vegas?!? What could be better. Sadly to say it is not. We beat the rush so we were seated right away. I was curious about lousiana style which now I'm thinkin is plain....? My friend got the hot & juicy special. For both of us it was lacking, we like our food drenched with flavorful sauce. If ur a dry food kinda person you'll probably like it. I thought the shrimps were good... had leftover seafood taste tho.We actually liked our corn it was pretty sweet. I order a side of extra sauce which could have saved the whole situation except it had this weird plastic taste in it.The service was good. They were attentive.  Overall. It was ok. Quality of the shrimp & corn *thumbs up* The sauce *thumbs down*
5	Love it.  My friend and I had two pounds crawfish and a pound of shrimp plus corn on the cobs.  I was sweating like crazy.  It was very good.  We tried the Lemon Pepper and spicy hot mild on the crawfish.  The shrimp was medium spicy hot.  The staff were awesome too.  Very friendly atmosphere.  Thanks! We will be back!
5	This place is awesome!We had 2 lbs of snow crab and a pound of Alaskan King.  Some rice and a Diet Coke later our tab was only $70 includingService was very friendly.I'm a big fan
4	Spicy and delicious, this place delivers! Next time I'm in Vegas Ill be back. Don't get too excited about the Man vs. Food thing though this place has it's own character.
5	MmMm! Hot and Juicy Crawfish is so delicious! Just recently I tried their lemon pepper seasoning for the crab, their garlic and butter for the shrimp and of course their Cajun seasoning for the crawfish and will do exactly that the next time! Everything had so much flavor, the corn on the cob and potatoes work perfectly and are great for soaking up all the juices! Just be warned... You wont smell that great for awhile! We learned the first time and now take it to go :)
4	Gooooo, if you're in Vegas!  You won't be disappointed.  Large tables, covered for your enjoyment.  Go nuts with the seafood and crawfish.
3	I have been here many times and usually get the shrimp.  This time I got crawfish and I kick myself for doing it.  The crawfish were so small and soft that they were a pain in the butt to eat.  A few were so small that I just ate the whole thing shell and all.  It was like eating a soft shelled crab.  Oh well, live and learn.  No more crawfish for me, I'll stick to the shrimp.
4	Fantastic idea.  Crawfish, shrimp, crab, etc with a variety of sauces, served in a .....plastic bag?Because they put the sauce and the seafood in a plastic bag and cook the whole thing, the seafood stays moist and the flavors of the seafood and the sauce all blend toegther.  And don't let that extra sauce go to waste, eat it with rice or bread, it's wonderful.
4	Hit this place up for a quick bite after a day of snowboarding. 1lb Shrimp with Spicy Hot n Juicy sauce. Awesome!!!
4	Absolutely delicious! Make sure you have ample time to eat as they are really busy most nights.
4	Be warned, you must love garlic and spicy food, otherwise, why bother coming here.  I'm a bigger fan of the peel and eat shrimp than I am of the crawfish, but both are really good.  I'm a huge fan of the house sauce, which is pretty much a mix of all the other sauces.  There can be quite a wait at dinner time, so plan accordingly.  They also have a really good sausage side/appetizer, and their soft-shell crab when they have it is mighty good too.  I've been here several times and always leave full, happy, and reeking of garlic.
5	This place was so good that we went twice on our trip to Vegas -- the day after we got there and the day we left.The crawfish were pretty small when I ordered them (the waitress told us they would be) but they were succulent and sweet and more or less worth it. The shrimp and crab legs were better though. I liked the hot n juicy special medium (which was super spicy the first time I came and milder the second time) and my boyfriend was a big fan of the lemon pepper mild. Sweet potato fries were awesome as well. The cajun fries were a bit spicy which would have been okay but my mouth was already burning from the seafood. Beers are cheap.Definitely a fun eating experience as well. I would recommend the trip if you are in Vegas.
3	Great food, but couple of pointers.1. You will stink, for a while. I can still smell garlic (probably coming out of my pores) a day later. So you probably don't want to take a date here.2. King crab legs are good, but the shell is actually very soft, so that makes it very hard to break the shell to get to the meat.3. If you order 2 pounds of crawfish, expect to get less... because we had quite a few tiny crawfish in our bag.
5	This place is amazing.  I've been wanting to come here for quite some time.1 - THEY HAVE GLOVES!  YOU MAY ASK FOR GLOVES AND THEY WILL GIVE THEM TO YOU.  Then you won't smell.
3	I saw this spot on man v. food and thought I'd give it a try when i'm in town.  It smelled delicious when we walked in and reminded me of home.  I missed crawfish so much I made it a mission to visit this place.  They had a variety of flavors to choose from and there are other seafood items on the menu as well.  My favorite was the garlic butter crawfish I just wish I heeded the reviews and ordered the mild instead of the medium spicy.  I feel like I would've enjoyed the flavor more because it was burning my mouth.  Everything was good but because I'm from the south it doesn't quite compare.  I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars.
5	Sooooooooo goood!!!!!
4	i try to make it here every time i'm in vegas.  well worth getting out of the strip for this.
4	I'm getting hot n juicy reminiscing about the shrimp in butter garlic sauce. When you're tempted, just remember that it's not socially acceptable to feast on shrimp on the full flight home.
3	So I saw this place on the Man vs. Food so I had to try it when I went to Vegas with my Family. The place was cute. Lots of pictures of past customers. Some familiar faces on the wall. We ordered the crawfish and King crab.. The flavor was mediocre.. like many of the other crawfish restaurants I've been to but the king crab was delicious. A little over price though.
4	Being a HUGE fan of Boiling Crab, it was only natural that I had to try this place out. We ordered 2 lbs of the shrimp with corn, mild spices (I'm a big pansy when it comes to spicy foods) with the garlic butter seasoning and it was DELICIOUS. 2 lbs between three was just the right amount and the mild was the right amount of spice for me. Maybe next time, I'll be more ballsy and try the medium. Thankfully, we got there relatively early, around 5 pm, so we only had to wait a few minutes. It was a great experience and it definitely does not hurt that the beer was cheap too!
2	It's sad, especially when you consider that Vegas is one of the best "foodie" places in the world, that you find a place like this where there is so much potential that is simply waisted. The crayfish, at an appalling $11 per pound, are an absolute joke - pathetically tiny and completely overwhelmed by their signature "Hot And Juicy" sauce so much so that you can not even taste the minuscule portion you manage to pry from its tail. Don't even bother sucking out the head, you might as well just poke a hole in the bag they serve them to you in and drink away. There are many things this place does that are very cool, and obviously people are coming in the doors, but one gets the impression that no one in management cares if you like their food or not.
5	LOVED IT!We asked our waitress to recommend a seasoning, since there were a few options. She recommended the lemon pepper, and I'm glad we followed her advice. We got both shrimp and crawfish, one with the hot 'n' juicy, and one with the lemon pepper. The crawfish were incredible. The meat was sweet, with a bit of a floral fragrant aftertaste. I have a friend who swears by crawfish, but I didn't know why until now. We could also de-vein the crawfish just by tugging on the tail of the shell after breaking off the head. I had no idea that was possible, and call me odd but it added an element of fun to the experience. The shells were also thinner than I've previously experienced - I just wanted to crunch into them after carnally tearing off the heads. Talk about bringing out my inner beast.They give you salt and pepper for dip, and also some lime/lemon. Tip from my boyfriend: instead of using just a sprinkling, ask for a ton of limes/lemons, and fill one of the little containers with the juice. Then, load it with the salt and pepper. It gives you a flavor option besides the spicy, buttery sauce, and kinda cuts through the grease. That way, you can endlessly rotate between pungent and rich, and citrusy sweet.The waitress also wrote "Thank You" on our receipt. A great, friendly touch. I'll be coming back here whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	This place was amazing! W stopped by on our drive back from Colorado and its only 5 minutes from the I-15, so it was a quick stop. It did take a few minutes to be seated and get our order in, but they were understaffed and were all busting their butts to clean tables and get food out. Once we got our food in, it only took 10 minutes for it to hit our table. I order the shrimp with Juicy Cajun Sauce and a corn and potato. The shrimp was huge and delious. My bf ordered the crayfish and they were really small and disappointing. He got the Hot and Juicy sauce, which was way better then my sauce. Overall, I would push the shrimp over the crayfish, but it was a fun eating experience and I can't wait to go there again the next time I am in Las Vegas!
4	We miss this place!! When we lived in Las Vegas we took all our visitors who love seafood to this spot! They all loved it.The people are friendly and the food is good!! You will not be disappointed!! If you don't like spicy this is not the place for you...because it is really spicy, even if you order medium spice! I believe there are different flavors ie garlic butter...but you have to go there for their house special sauce.
3	Nothing beats Boiling Crab BUT I must say that this place has no waiting time and perfect for big parties. So, kudos for that. The shrimp is fairly large size. FRESH crawfish is definitely a MUST. We tried the frozen ones since they ran out of fresh ones and it didn't do justice. The cajun sauce medium was tough to handle.. Whenever we go here, it's always a hit or miss; always too hot. Also, the last time we went here, we got charged over $50 because of miscommunication with the servers. So, make sure that your tab is accurate or else, you will spend 30 minutes trying to figure it out with the main server. I think our server was new and granted that we had a big party, we were very patient with her.
5	This place is definitely another Boiling Crab, but in VEGAS! Super dope!! i LOVE everything I try at Hot N Juicy. After a great weekend in Vegas this is how you should end your trip. A GREAT meal before the long ride home or easy flight. Either way this place doesn't dissapoint me at all. I will be here everytime I am in Vegas. Mark my word! Check out my photo of the Crawfish, Wings and Shrimp.
4	The restaurant is off the strip. So keep in mind its really hard to get a cab heading back to the strip. Never compare this place to the boiling crab because its incomparable!! LOL...As my friends and sister enjoy their succulent and delicious crawfish, and shrimp, it wasnt too spicy as it was more of a mild flavor.I had ordered the chicken nuggets and fries basket, i know i know why did I order that but I was hungover and I needed comfort food!!
4	Found out about this place from MVF.  This place is awesome.  Service is much better than The Boiling Crab in Cali.  I actually like the seasoning here better as well.  Whatever seasoning I choose, I always ask them to not make it spicy; as mild as possible, yes I am a wuss.Though crawfish is in their name, go for the shrimp because that is the best bang for the buck.  There is more meat and you do not have to fight for the little meat that you get in the crawfish.  The cajun fries are tasty also.Pros: great service, great foodCons: small parking lotDefinitely a place to stop by while in Vegas.  It is not really too far off the strip.
4	I'm from MOBILE, ALABAMA....nothing like spicing up the fresh crawfishes...I love Crawfish!!!! Cant wait for the season to start!  Pricing is kinda highin Vegas though....Downsouth you can get a pound already boiled and seasoned for $2.99...but it ok...its worth paying more when you are craving for 'em...=)
5	Go. Put on a shirt you don't like and go. Bags of steaming shellfish, buttered with a thick layer of garlic. You will be licking your fingers for hours
5	I first heard of theis place from Diner's Drive-in's & Dives on the Food Channel & since I was living in Vegas @ the time I thought to try it out when family came to visit. Well, needless to say, I;ve returned time & time again. EVERYTHING on the menu is great. I love the no frills, what you see is what you get. Styrofoam cups, plastics table coverings & rolls of papers on the table. I don't think there is a plate to be found in the building. While there all you see are people licking, sucking & eating as well as picking out the newbies to eating crawfish.As for the wait, I've never experienced it although I've seen it. I always seem to get there @ the perfect time. Just so you know, you can order take out & it seems as if I enjoyed that better, then I could go home & really pig out.Just know that you want to roll in there in something you don't mind getting butter on. You just can't help it.Most items you buy by the pound**************YOU GET A DISCOUNT IF YOU PAY USING CASH******************************PARKING IS VERY LIMITED, BUT WORTH IT***************************
5	so we went for the first time on a thursday about 12 o clock we went in and it wasnt very busy. the service was good we ordered the 1 pound of shrimp and 1 pound of king crab(not so much in 1lb!) the shrimp were in garlic butter and  spicy level...yeah they were spicy alright!! and the king crab had the hot and juicy special seasoning and medium spice level and that was good! u dont get plates or silverware other than what u need for the crab. it was great but we didnt have much time to enjoy it since our daughter had a doctors appointment! but next time we go it will be enjoyed better!!!!!!
3	EH. My friend makes better crawfish. I kept hearing about this place and finally tried it. I dont think I would highly reccomend it. I would go back because it was a fun place to eat, but I wouldn't go through the trouble of trying to find it or trying to get there. All the other side dishes weren't to die for either. BUT! Props on the oysters on the half shell, mmmmm.
4	Great place.  Service is friendly.  Atmosphere is fun and perfectly set up for a messy, hot and juicy meal.  We got the oysters (huge in size) about $17 for a dzn, very reasonably priced and it was delicious.How it works:   They sell their crawfish,shrimp,crab,etc. by the lbs.  You get to pick the level of spiciness, and a type of sauce you want to accompany the seafood of your choice.  We chose 1 lbs of shrimp (about$11/lbs) level 3 spiciness in the hot and juicy sauce.  It was amazing, but sauce is heavy with garlic, but I love garlic.  The shrimp was seved head on, served in a plastic bag soaked in in the hot and juicy sauce.  Very flavorful I recommend getting a side of Sweet potato fries or the an order of the fried soft shell crab (which comes with basket of Cajun fries.)
5	Amaz-ZING! The chairs were very comfortable. Prob one of my top 5 restaurant chairs i've ever introduced my ass to. Will def come back just for the chairs next time I'm in Vegas. The food wasn't too shabby as well
1	Can't believe people gave this place "5 stars". Food came out after 35 minutes of sitting down and it was crappy crawfish that tastes like a week old. The staff was rude with a "I don't care because we have a line out there" attitude. Don't go, waste of your time. We are never coming back.
4	I could write up a more thorough review of this fine restaurant, but it would only reiterate what has already been said. What I will say, though, is that you should only order a spice level of Mild OR LOWER!Unless, of course, you're fond of holding lit matches to your lips. It's spicy!
5	ok so my grandpa was a fisherman and my grandmother was the best cook in town (i know i know everyones grandma is the best cook) so i grew up on fresh seafood i mean straight from the sea to the pot to my plate everyday so ill admit im a little snobby when it comes to seafood (its the only thing im snobby about i promise)......and i must say this is the best place i have been so far in Vegas ......its always packed and its because its goood.... whenever me and the bf go we order a pound of craw fish 2 pounds of snow crab legs and maybe a pound of shrimp and i always get the hot n juicy sauce and bf gets Louisiana and as many corona's it takes to keep the burn under control lloll.....anywho this is one of the places i want to have my last meal on earth....their menu is not extensive wich is good ....and you should def be a seafood lover to go their because they have any obligatory burgers or chicken fingers for people who may have tagged along with someone else but doesn't actually like seafood....the atmosphere is very casual they serve your food in plastic bags and you get a bib lloll  and i would suggest not wearing something you love or plan to go out in because you will smell like garlic and crawfish when you leave lloll and buy some lemons on the way home and take them in the shower with you it will help get the smell off...all in all though the food is fresh and extremely good they have beer and its always crowded but ive never waited more than 10 min for a table still....to me it cant get much better.....me and my roommates love this place so much we are LITERALLY looking to rent our next house closer to hot n juicy ...yess in my opinion it is that good :)
5	3, 2, 1!I have been hearing about this place for MONTHS! I am the last of my friends to venture, but finally, I tried it with a group of 8 tonight, and I LOVED it!The wait is well worth it.  Great concept of simplicity.  Bag of seafood, bib, paper towels.  I tried Garlic Butter, Hot N Juicy Special and Lemon Pepper Sauces, they were all delicious!  I must say I am NOT a lover of crawfish, so that will not make my order next time, but the spices were very robust and the shrimp and crab were awesome!I cannot say anything that hasn't already been positively reflected, so here are a few tips for the remaining 4 people in Vegas who haven't been yet...You will get completely messy.  No clean way to do it.  It's an experience, so go with it.Unless you are the magician Chris Angel, your hands will be subjected to injury if you order King Crab. It is spiked and slippery once covered in the sauce and regardless of the aiding utensils, it's a pain.  Stick with regular or Dungeness.Spicy is spicy.  It has a kick, however, I'm definitely not scared of extra spicy next time...take that anyway you want it.  If you're familiar with Archi's Thai, I do an 8.5 and I could probably handle a 9, but my stomach would build a small strike picket area amongst my small and large intestine...Finally, go with friends! A first date is not cute there...you leave smelling like you've been out an entire season of "Deadliest Catch," and the scent will stay on your hands and nails for days.Amazing. Bravo.  I'm going again this weekend!
4	Tasty down south treat!  The sweet potato fries are "the business"! lolFor those in California, this spot is equivalent to "Boiling Crab" it's a must in Vegas too.  The only real downfalls I find with this spot are the average wait time of 30 mins and that you leave with your hands smelling fishy (but whats to expect after you have to peel your way through pounds of shrimp, crawfish, crab and the all!)I'm craving this spot right now! Lol
5	With the spot on "Man V. Food" tv show I had to check this place. I came on Fat Tuesday for the crawfish specialty and man did it deliver. It was delicious from first bite to last, and the staff is incredibly nice and helpful. I do plan on brining my family again
4	Awesome, Awesome, Awesome. This was the finisher of our Vegas trip on our way back to Los Angeles. Our friend suggested this place since we enjoyed the boiling crab in K-Town. It was not a disappointment. The wait was not bad, it was about 20 minutes. Once we were seated we placed out order for four pounds of shrimp and 2 pounds of craw-fish. We stuck to the mild and medium. Great kick.. The craw-fish and shrimp were huge, both in flavor and size. Everything about this place was great. The servers busted their buts to make sure that our table was clean and that we were served. They took good care of us. If you live in Las Vegas, or passing through after a few slots, this is the place to go. Your hands are the forks and knife and the table is your plate. Dive in and enjoy!
5	Love Love lovve this place!!! My boyfriend and I eat here once a week. Even their servers call us their regulars and they know us by our first names. When I first tried this place I ordered the crawfish. I now get a pound of shrimp because the shrimp has more meat and it's easier to peel than the crawfish. What is so great about this place is their special sauce..hot and juicy special! I get it medium spice level, if I do spicy (which I have) my lips start to puff up. But the medium is still pretty spicy. I've also had their snow crab, Alaskan crab, Cajun fries, sweet potato fries...all very good. BEWARE you will smell like garlic after leaving this place. And your fingers will smell for two days. The secret to getting the smell out of your fingers is to rub lemon juice after u are done (and I mean a lot of lemon juice).They are opening a second location which I am very excited for! Their staff is very friendly too.also the wait is pretty long but well worth it!
4	Cool spot, good seafood, great fun to experience.They dont take reservations so it's a first come first served basis.Shrimps - 10/10Snowcrab - 9/10Dungeon crab - 9/10Unique having the seafood brought out in plastic bags!Warning - these guys mild spicy is equivalent of very spicy!
4	WOW! Vegas always surprises me with the great foods they have to offer.  Came here TWO times in one weekend because it was that awesome.  I'm a huge fan of Boiling Crab so I was excited that this was the same concept- and with NO WAIT.  For all those BC fans out there, you know this is a big deal.  Spicy levels are higher than the norm and ever so slightly pricier.  No big deal.  Service is awesome- we happened to be one in like 2 years to find a sea creature in one of our bags that looked similar to a cockroach, gross!!  They took the bags away, called the managers and confirmed it's just a sea creature that sometimes doesn't get filtered out.  Phew!  They recooked another order and comped ALL the shrimp at our table.  All we paid for was an order of fries, rice, and coke. Totally awesome business in my eyes!4 stars only because the coveted 5 stars belongs to BC.
4	Spicy Spicy Spicy. You will be full when you leave this place. I will be adding more, but I gotta do a few more things on the menu. So far, everything was Good..... On warning though. Get there early before 6pm. If not you will spend some time looking for a parking spot, then you will stand outside for a while, waiting for a table to clear up. Another good thing, they don't rush you out of the place when you finish eating, you get a few to let your food settle before you hit the road..
2	Man v Food is one of my favorite shows and you always hear Adam say how great every single place he stops off at is. I always wonder if everywhere can be THAT amazing. I actually came to this place randomly with my girlfriend when we were in Las Vegas and she was craving crawfish. We came here before we knew it was on the show and we had no idea what to expect.We came on a saturday afternoon and the place was completely empty. We were the only customers in the building... For a saturday afternoon i didnt see that as being a good sign. We ordered a pound of Crawfish, cajun fries and i ordered myself some deep fried shrimp.I was not a fan of the crawfish, but most notably the sauce. We got mild or medium and it just wasnt very good. The fried shrimp was over battered and the shrimp did not taste fresh at all. i ended up not finishing the shrimp, and i ate fries most of the time i was there. My girlfriend finished the crawfish, didnt like it very much. We left and both agreed that we probably wont be back to this location again.We were definitely comparing this place to Boiling Crab and nothing really compares to boiling crab.The positives. The service was pretty good and friendly :)
4	1 lb of shrimp to peel with your bare hands before going out in Vegas? Totally worth it. The flavoring was great, not too spicy (requested because I'm a wimp.) Really want to try the crawfish!Sides were yummy too. Crowded but didn't wait too long for a table of 6.
5	Great place. For the weekend in Vegas I ate here both Saturday and Sunday. I'm not to much of a crawfish fan so I usually go for the snow crab and shrimp. The sausage here is also really good. Way worth it.
4	Yum! Don't wear your Sunday finest- things can get messy here. Shellfish in a baggie of spicy broth- simple yet delicious. The crawfish is fresh and, if you prefer, the king crab is well worth the price. A little taste of N'Awlins off the strip.
5	i love hot n juicy! i always get the shrimp medium w. the hot and juicy special flavor. its so good!! also, the snow crab hot (the shell is thicker so it doesnt soak in as much as the shrimp) also w. the hot and juicy special flavor. there is no place that can compare to this.. so great! if you are ever in vegas you need to make a trip here if you like seafood and spice. sometime there is a long wait so be prepared for that.
5	I'm still amazed with this place even for the second time.  The shrimp is so juicy and the crawfish, as long as you only eat the tail, is bomb!  The combination of butter with garlic and spices just gives it the kick it needs.  Best if you come here with someone.  This isn't the place to come by yourself.  My friend suggested using gloves because the shrimp smell will stay in your hands for a week.  I just thought using gloves was too weird but I did it anyway and I will now use them every time I'm here.  My hands even today is shrimp smelling free.
5	5 STARS for GREAT SERVICE**** Go Go Go for Noemy (server)
4	My first review in Vegas!  I'm starting to feel all hot n juicy on the inside!! (haha kidding of course)This is definitely a place to come by if you want to hang out with some friends and family, a very very casual place to eat.  As you know, it's going to get messy.  It was my first time in a place like this, and even me, who's a guy that likes to try new things, I still had to wear gloves when I was eating all the food.  You can choose to not wear gloves, but your hands will stink (especially if you order it hot and juicy, which is all the sauces mixed into one)Even on a wed night, there was about a 30 minute wait.  The waitstaff is all really cool.  Atmosphere is relaxed.  But eating the food is not as relaxing as the rest of the place.  We were sweating, the food can be very spicy if you want it to be, be careful!  I wouldn't come here on a first date either.  Ripping off shrimp heads awkwardly wearing gloves (or not) may be too much to handle for some people.  I would def come back, it's great place to have a bunch of food and get your seafood craving satisfied.
4	Solid 4.5 stars. (docked half a star for the slow service).i've lived in Las Vegas for 6 months now, and can't believe it has taken me this long to try this place.  I have been to Boiling Crab and other places like it in Southern California, but this place is by far- my favorite.  The "hot n juicy" sauce is the best I've had.  I came with 2 other people, and we ordered  a calamari appetizer, 2 lbs of shrimp, 1 lb of crawfish, and a dungeness crab (2.4 lbs), and a side of rice.  And I am so glad I ordered the rice, because after all of the crustaceans were devoured, the rice was the perfect vessel to soak up the remaining sauce.  Everything was delicious, but the Dungeness Crab was the star.  Every bite was perfection- so meaty, so sweet, so juicy! This is now my go to place to bring Las Vegas visitors!
4	Great seafood spot that is very casual.  Crawfish is good.  If you enjoy spicy food, dont let them talk you out of getting the hottest they have.  Definitely wear the gloves!
2	First off, i am NOT anal at all. I am a server myself and i know how it feels and exactly what it is like. First timer at Hot n Juicy Crawfish. As i walked in by myself to check in for me and my family a party of 6 i was expecting to be attended to, a couple walked in at the same time as i did and "Amber" decided she wanted to jot their name down on the waiting list, looked at me and walked away. I was standing for a good 5 minutes till someone approached and realized i haven't been helped. I was hoping not to have her as a server since i felt right off the back, i was gonna be dissatisfied with her service. And yes coincidentally she was. 6 or more right (speaks for its self) yeah. As what she made it seem (oh well tips included) We felt rushed while ordering and her attitude wasn't so pleasant. We felt as if "gratuity" was included she didn't feel the need to attend to us. Although as i observed she was attending to every other table, taking new orders leaving us behind. Could be just "our" table she happened to be a little "careless" on but to top the not checking up on us at least, Took a while to get her attention to refill our drinks she refilled our drinks which was rasberry icetea with coke instead yuck! and my boyfriend had to go up to the counter himself twice for a refill of the "right" soda. Didn't appreciate her attitude with the lack of horrible service. Her coworkers also mentioned "again amber that's your 2nd time" not a good first time experience. Aside from that, food was good. Fries were just a bit soggy.
5	It was sooo BOMB that my family decided to eat there again, the day after we had first tried it. My parents are crazy about seafood and their palettes were made for identifying fresh/frozen. & lets just say they had NOTHING bad to say about this place. Our server, Robin, was sooo cuuute. She never stopped smiling and she seemed pretty down to earth. The place is small but it sure does get crackin. Even though the bib may look ridiculous, i suggest you do wear it. :) unless of course, you wanna walk out with little orange spots on your top.
5	Owners that care about a customers bad experience. Enough said. THANK YOU!
4	This place is DELICIOUS!! The hot n juicy seasoning is so GOOD! The shrimp was tasty as was the crawfish but the dungeness crab was SPECTACULAR! it was so tender, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. Probably one of the best crabs I have ever tasted.Just thinking about the sauce makes me drool a little bit!This service was so-so but the food greatly made up for it and I would most definitely come back next time I'm in town!
2	it was okay.... nothing like boiling crab or crawdaddy's in SJ, CA though.sauce was good... just not enough.... so expect to pay extra for more sauce otherwise it's hard to dip your shrimp.my friend's crawfish had lots of dirt in it... so that was a big no no.... i'd rather go to boiling crab or crawdaddy's even if the wait is longer...
3	Located off the Strip but definitely worth the trip! Hot N Juicy lives up to its name. Get the Canjun spicey sauce with crawfish, shrimp, crab or other crustaceans. I personally found Hot N Juicy's crawfish a bit on the small side. However the sauce is unbelievable! Service can be a bit slow. Price is extremely fair. Parking can be a pain as the lot is small and you may have to park outside on the streets.
4	Oh em gee. I come here on average at least once a month. I wanna say it's their seasoning that gets me to come back everytime but I can't tell. When I went, crawfish was around $10 a pound and shrimp was a little less. I typically get shrimp because they have more meat and it is easier to get full. Crawfish meat is quite tiny once you peel the gigantic shell. If you buy 2lbs of crawfish, you automatically get a free corn and potato. Awesome!!! Get the hot n juicy special seasonsing which is basically a combination of all the other seasonings. I'm usually content with mild and medium spicyness level but my mother in law  get extra extra spicy and lemme tell ya... that kills you. If you're lucky, you can catch them when they have etouffee (kind of like gumbo). Delish! Has pieces of crawfish, red bell pepper, celery.. etc. The flavor tastes similar to the hot n juicy special but I'm not sure. Surprisingly, they have one of the bessstttt chicken wings anywhere. It comes out hot and fresh. The skin is super crispy and the inside is hot and juicy. Comes with ranch and ketchup and fries if you wish. A must have if you come!!! Pros: CHICKEN WINGS & FRIES!!!Hot n Juicy Special seasoningCons: none really. Could be cheaper but business is business. =P
5	My first time dealing with this sort of dining experience. No utensils & have to dissect your food- what? After a little apprehension; I was getting down and dirty. So, glad I did get past that awkwardness of ripping apart the whole shrimps because it was more than worth it! The bib is a great idea & highly suggested. Definitely not a place to wear nice or light colored clothing to. I ended up getting Medium for heat because that's what the waitress had suggested. However, the only thing that seemed some what spicy was the corn at the bottom of the bag. The overall taste of their signature Hot & Juicy seasoning was perfect! I will definitely return to this restaurant next time I'm in Nevada. Thank you for such a fun, interactive, and memorable experience!
4	When I hear the term 'hot and juicy', crawfish is the last thing that comes to my mind so when I heard about a restaurant called "Hot and Juicy Crawfish", I had to check it out. I had heard that it was casual, not too expensive for seafood and had an interesting approach to service.We went there Monday night for dinner with our boy, Sean, who was visiting from So. Cal. We found the restaurant on the sleazy edge of Chinatown in a small strip center next to a Chinese massage parlor and a karaoke bar. Didn't look to special on the outside but even out in the parking lot, we could smell the garlic in the air.We went in and it was equally unimpressive inside but we were greeted pleasantly and seated quickly by the window under the neon light....ah, ambiance. The table was covered with a thin plastic tablecloth and contained only a roll of paper towels. The slender menu listed a variety of shellfish, crab, shrimp and, of course, crayfish, all of which are ordered by the pound. Side orders were limited and included mostly corn on the cob, rice and french fries or potato.We ordered the crayfish with Cajun sauce, shrimp with lemon-pepper sauce and blue crab with the garlic sauce. You can order any sauce from mild to paralyzing spicy. We went with mild which turned out to be pretty spicy on its own accord.The food comes out piping hot, almost too hot to touch; dropped unceremoniously on the table all tied up in a plastic bags with all that sauce. You open the bag and dig in with your hands...no tableware of any kind except for a cracker for the crab.As to the quality of the food...delicious...hot and juicy. All the sauces were fabulous. The crayfish is something we'd not order again, although it was fun to eat. You have to be a real 'crayfishianado' to suck the juice out of the heads like some do (we won't). So that leaves you with the tail which contains about a  " piece of meat that took more work than it was worth to get to. The shrimp (head, shell and tail intact) were fabulous. Twist the head off, peel the shell and eat to your hearts content. We also tried a fried dish...breaded soft shell crab which was served with french fries...also delicious.If you are looking to take people out to an impressive 'Vegas-style' food event, this is definitely not your place. But, if you want an inexpensive place with wonderful seafood, and don't mind getting your hands a little dirty, then I highly recommend it. It would be a blast to go to with friends who are laid-back and have a good sense of humor.
5	Great food, reasonable prices, good service.  Crawfish and shrimp by the pound.  Three sauces (as I recall) with three heat levels for each.  I had the signature "Hot & Juicy" sauce, but got mild because I was not alone.  On my own I'd probably get medium.  Great flavor.  Be ready to get messy.  They provide paper towels and bibs...you'll need them.This is on my list anytime I return to Vegas.
4	Wow, great crawfish. It comes with a few potatoes and half a cob of corn. The corn tastes like spicy garlic buttery heaven. I opted for a bowl of rice to accompany the little critters, and ended up pouring Hot n Juicy sauce all over it, the sauce is so good! They have good shrimp, too. Can't wait to come back to try some more of their seafood delicacies.
5	Amazing, authentic, aromatic, and appetizing. If you don't mind tearing apart your crawfish to get to the delicious parts, you have to go here.They have the right fixin's, and they definitely have the right flavor. A little pricey, but worth every penny.
5	Absolutely delicious, the motto "pinch and suck" are very practical here. I've ordered the craw fish and shrimp with lemon pepper medium hotness very yummy, and also the hot and juicy special sauce spicy! Wow very spicy but delicious. The levels of hotness are greater than at other places so try medium first or be brave and go for the spicy or extra spicy.  Tried the dungenous crab legs, not bad, unfortunately the sauce doesn't get soked in to the the legs like it does to the shrimp and the crawfish. But over all its all yummy!
3	My boyfriend saw this place on Man Vs. Food and it is only about a 5 minute drive from the strip. Not bad. We arrived at 12:30PM ready for seafood. Yet, we were seated, given menus, then as we attempted to order we were informed that they are not currently serving crawfish. The item they are known for! UNACCEPTABLE! We came here for the crawfish, thats what we wanted, so why would we order something else. The waitress expanded that they just received a shipment so their crawfish are frozen. First off, hearing frozen was a huge turn off. I live in the San Francisco Bay Area so our seafood here is FRESH. Yet I had to remind myself that Vegas is in the desert so fresh seafood here is unlikely. We rolled our eyes and blew the joint. I swear I would be back but for the rest of the day I was getting puppy eyes from the honey so I agreed to give them a second try and attempt dinner.We arrived again at 5:30 and we were seated after 10 minutes. We ordered a pound of Hot & Juicy Special in Medium and one pound of shrimp in Garlic Butter medium and a side of sweet potato fries. First off there is not one positive thing that I can recall about the fries so I would recommend ordering a bowl of rice instead. Yes, order rice over fries. I never thought I would recommend that to anyone. Ever.My favorite flavor was the Hot & Juicy! It was packed with flavor and mighty tasty! The Garlic Butter was good too! I would both order them again. The heat levels here though are a little off, if you want hot, order medium, etc. I would beware the extra spicy! The place got pretty crowed around 6:20 and I was happy we arrived fairly early. The service here is lagging. You have to notify your waiter(ess) if you want more water. They don't really pay attention the details. I would go back if I lived there and needed a crawfish fix, but on my next Vegas trip or any after I will not be visiting Hot and Juicy. It was good, but it wasn't THAT good. (I took off a star for not having crawfish when I went initially FYI)OH and yes, my paws smelled 2 days after. The amount of soap didn't matter. The order sinks in! Kinda yucky.Happy ripping off the heads of crawfish! (=
5	If there were 6 stars I'd rate this even better.  We found this place because of Man vs. Food. When you pass by the restaurant in China Town, it appears to be a shady massage parlor or some kind of strip joint!!  But when you walk through the doors, AMAZING!  Don't try to make reservations, this place gets too crowded for this.  And if you want to test out a new date, definitely bring 'em here.  This will determine if they like to get "down and dirty" or if they have a problem digging in and eatin' a real good meal.   Prepare to have your sinuses cleared.  Don't count on having good conversation, you'll be too busy scarfing down yummy food.Everything about this place is great.  The customer service is SOOOO GOOD.  Almost all the servers are real friendly (and there are some that have been there a long time which is great).  The atmosphere (music could use a little help) is perfect for a fun group dinner (New Orlean's style).  Expect to have the best shellfish and seasoning in Vegas and expect to leave with your clothes reaking of Hot N Juicy!
4	This is the e-mail I sent the restaurant.Our party of 6 had dinner last Wednesday night and it was our first time to your restaurant. We have been to similar restaurants and your rated high. Our service and food was great. I was surprised by the mandatory 17% tip included to our bill. I would have paid more but because you decided that your food and service was only worth 17%, I just paid the 17%. I would expect the mandatory tip for parties of 8 or more or if I had a waiter at my beckon call. Regardless of the tip issue, we enjoyed our experience and we will be back.
5	got crawfish with the hot n juicy special seasoning at spice level medium...the crawfish soak up the flavor well but have little meat on them....my brother got shrimp which do not hold the seasoning as well....my buddy got snowcrab and wouldnt let me try it but said it was great....they bring it out in a plastic bag and you peel and eat with your hands...i had a small cut on my hand and couldnt sleep that night cuz it was burning/throbbing from the second lowest spice level
4	Been here several times and am definitely a fan.  Hot & Juicy flavor is the way to go.   If you're afraid to suck the crawfish heads and eat all the juicy stuff inside, then shrimp is the way to go.  It's 2 dollars more per pound but you'll also get alot more food with less shell.I love crawfish more but since I'm from the South I'm used to paying  3-4 bucks a pound.  To fulfill my desires I'll get 2 lbs shrimp, 1 lb crawfish with my friend.We like to get extra corn and potatoe since it's so yummy.  They tend to understate the heat so a medium is probably hot, and hot is extra.....and so forth.Great place - definitely check it out!
4	hot and juicy special shrimp with corn is the only thing i order every time i come here! a few tips i've learned from my previous visits.. wear clothes you don't mind smelling like shrimp in. so definitely don't go in your best outfit and if you have anything to do after your meal! lastly, lemons lots of them, soak your hands in the them to get rid of the shrimpy smell. couple things that are a bummer, parking and no phone reservations.
5	Dude this place is bomb! The greatest saucee ever! I prefer shrimp and clam than crawfish tho!but its great!
5	My second visit in a week. We only waited 5 minutes for heaven. My wife had the crab, less than mild, garlic butter with corn and potato. She loved it. I had the shrimp, medium, hot & juicy flavor with corn and potato. The flavor was so delicious I will now only go with the hot & juicy flavor for now on. The corn was tender and the beer was cold. They must put something addicting in the flavor because I already want to go back. They were having a special on lobster, 16.99 a pound. I will try that next time.
2	Smelly and gross.  Cheap seafood and powdered seasonings served in plastic bags.  Friggin disgusting.  Really.  Salty!!!!  Ugh.  It made me sick.Crappy shellfish boiled with salty water.  Disgusting.  The garlic was on my fingers and coming out of my pours for a week.  One of the worst restaurants ever.
3	Based on the food, I'm giving Hot n Juicy a 3. Service was fine and prices are reasonable. But overall I'm not a huge fan of the food. We ordered a pound of crawfish, shrimp, extra corn. Not bad not good. Beware that you and all your belongings that enter Hot n Juicy will continue to smell like Hot n Juicy for quite a while!
5	A little better than Boiling Crab in SoCal. I had the Hot N Juicy special Crawfish, medium heat. I pretty much inhaled it. The sweet potato fries were made perfect. I cant wait to come back for more!
5	Throughout my meal, I could not help but pretend to be a zombie while sucking out the brains of these delicious morsels. Maybe that is more Asian than undead. Either way it is a spectacle to see.I always enjoy a meal that allows me to get down with my primal urges to use my bare hands. I do not mind that my hands smell like a spicy ocean. It is half of the rewards of this endeavor. If you do, ask for some gloves. What is a hungry mini mob suppose to do when every restaurant you want to try closes down or does not open until 6? The answer, go to Hot N Juicy. At 5:15, there were four other parties besides our own. After 6, the place was bum rushed and packed. We got there in time to get a few beers, a pound of shrimps, a pound of crawfish, and a basket of fried catfish.The beers are reasonable at three dollars a bottle. They offer Blue Moon, Sapporo, Heineken, and a few others that I forget at this ridiculous price. The pop alone cost $2.50. It is as if they encourage drinking and that is alright by me.We got the shrimp and crawfish spicy. They are mind blowing. Get a few pieces of corn and potatoes cooked with the seafood. The shrimp are probably a better deal at $9.99 a pound compared to $10.99 because they have more meat and seemed endless. The crawfish are super tasty, but there weren't as many and the shells are what you are paying for. I would order them again, but some will feel like it is a rip off.
3	Food was yummy but the service was so so. Our appetizer arrived after our entree and having asked about it twice.
4	So for people from the Bay, Hot N Juicy Crawfish is a bit of a fusion of Red Crawfish on Larkin in SF and Boiling Crab in San Jose. Same concepts of your choice of spiced seafoods and appetizers, minus the one hour wait of Boiling Crab (at least the time that I went there). Our party of four was seated with hardly a five minute wait. Spicy. Spicy. Spicy. LOVED it. The only advice I have for future patrons are:1) If you go and plan on going out after, PLEASE do yourself a favor and either bring a large bottle of Listerine and cologne/perfume OR2) Go with enough time to go home/back to your hotel for a nice, LONG shower to cleanse the smelliness from your hair, body and a fresh change of clothes!
5	Not a fluke, the second time proved to be just as good as the first. I am not proud that Katrina M. and I came here two days within a three day span, but it was that good.This time we came with her family and ordered 4 pounds of shrimp in spicy Hot N Juicy special, one pound in medium garlic butter, one pound in extra spicy Hot N Juicy special, one pound of spicy Hot and Juicy special crawfish, and one pound of spicy Louisiana Style crawfish. Out of all the seasonings, their namesake is the best at the second to hottest level. Their "extra spicy" did not deliver the scorching hot flavor I was expecting and would not make for a decent food challenge. The other two flavors were just mediocre, nothing special. We had also ordered calamari, but they are extremely salty. The sweet potato and Cajun fries are cooked to a superb crispiness. Ask for corn and potatoes to be cooked with your seafood.Yet again I could not resist the temptation and ordered a Blue Moon to go along with the meal. I might be completely out of the loop, but it has been a while since I have seen a restaurant offer beers for less than $5.50 a bottle. Heineken, Heineken Light, Corona, Corona Light, Sapporo, and Blue Moon are the beers they offer for $3.I cannot stress enough that you should get there before 6 because the wait is nonexistent. For a party of six, half of us being present, they sat us right away. Yet if another large party came and our group was not all there we would have to give up our table. They cannot be faulted for that. I understand the need to meet the demands. Once we were all sat and ordered, the staff were very attentive with refilling drinks and taking our additional orders.
4	If you're looking for an adventure in Las Vegas when it comes to food, this is the place to go (and this adventure isn't for the weak!) I had to say I was extremely sketchy because you get a pound or more of crawfish freshly boiled, mixed in with their seasonings and sauces, and you have to be the one to crack them open yourself to get to the crawfish meat, but that is the whole experience and beauty of the restaurant. I wish I could try their other sauces and seasoning, but I feel even the next step up from what is considered mild is way too spicy and hot for me. Guess I need to work on becoming a novice here! Anyways, this location is always busy, and expect a bit of a wait every time you come (larger parties are always going to be an hour of more). I rate this 4 stars because this is a very interesting experience when it comes to dining! Be fearless!
5	We ordered shrimp and crawfish in the hot n juicy, lemon pepper, and ragin cajun, all at the medium spice level. MMM MMM MMMMMMM!!!!!!  My favorite was the lemon pepper and the hot n juicy was a very close second. I would pass on the ragin cajun next time. We also ordered corn, which soaked up all the delicious flavor. I always have to have corn at these crawfish joints. I know the place is called hot n juicy CRAWFISH and a lot of people love crawfish...but it is a lot of work for a very small pay-off. Because of that, I think shrimp is the best way to go!! I love peeling the shell off and then dipping the shrimp meat back into the juice. For the Bay Area people, this place is a lot better than that other crawfish place in Oakland and maybe at the same level (or better) as the uber-popular one in San Jose. I might even rank it higher than the place in San Jose because the sauce doesn't seem as buttery and artery-clogging. Can't wait to go back!
5	Love their lemon pepper & hot n juicy shrimp. Good size restaurant only waited 20mins for seating.
4	It's no boiling crab but it's delicious and available in las Vegas.
5	OMG... This Place Is To Die For!!! Seriously. I learned about it on Man vs. Food & Adam you were soooo right!! The food here is AWESOME!! If you love seafood, this place is a must. Not only were the Crawfish tasty, but the crab was sinful too!! I waddled out of this place just because I could not stop myself. Now the place is a hole in the wall... nothing fancy here, but that's ok by me cause it's hard to be cute when your sucking the head off them there crawfish & crackin crab!! Really!! It's off the strip... about 1.5 miles from the Palms, but so worth the visit!!
5	Every time I come to Vegas, I want to try this place but never get the chance. This trip I made it a priority and was the first restaurant to hit on my Vegas weekend and I will definitely come back regardless of reeking of garlic after walking out of the place. Even the next day i could still smell the garlic on the clothes that I wore to the restaurant.Everything we ate was delicious!! My bf and I ordered a pound of shrimp and a pound of the crawfish both in the medium hot n juicy special sauce. And let me tell you, the medium was still very spicy. I'm glad I didn't get the hot. My lips were tingling with the medium and I love spicy food. We also got and order of the cajun fries and a side of rice. I put some of the sauce on the rice and that was super delicious!! Other reviews say how packed this place gets. Not the case on a thursday night. We were seated immediately, however there was a good sized line when we left. Service was great and the food was wonderful. Our next trip out we will definitely be stopping for a bite again.
4	Definitely a fan--went back this trip, as I remembered this place from my last trip to Vegas.  I'll echo some of the other reviewers, if you go for dinner, go early, as the line builds up.  We were seated right away, at 5:30, but by 6:30, there was a line outside the door.  I had the crawfish and clams, medium spice, and my mouth was burning for a couple of hours after we left (and I am usually pretty tolerant of spicy foods).  I also made the mistake of touching my eye, even after washing my hands, it still burned badly.  Loved both the clams and crawfish.  My wife is not a crawfish fan, so she got chicken wings, which were apparently good as well.
5	This is my second time i come to eat here. The food is great . The place is a little dirty but only cause you eat wiyh your hands and dont use plates. They rated yhis rest in vegas weekly and got great reviews. Definately everytime we come this rest is a must. Also this rest came out on man vs food
5	Very yummy!My husband and I have eaten here twice in the last year.I had eaten here about 6 months earlier and liked it, but the spicy option was so spicy it made my lips literally peel. I do not mean literally like most kids today do. I mean, it LITERALLY made the skin come off of my lips. I normally can take a lot of spice, but the combo in the spicy option was way too much for me. I enjoyed it while eating it, but the next few days were torture.The next trip I ordered the lowest grade of spice (can't remember the name) and enjoyed it thoroughly. It was still nicely spicy, but no loss of skin. :) The sauce is very flavorful, so much so that I ordered extra biscuits just to dunk in the sauce. I am not a bread girl and normally pass on it.I've seen complaints that the crawfish are expensive for the amount of meat involved, but I felt the pricing was very fair. You will NOT be able to replicate the sauce at home and the crawfish itself is priced close to market.You MUST check this place out, you will be happy you did!
3	When I think of Hot n Juicy, my first thought is not crawfish. Probably more along the lines of Megan Fox, Denise Richards, or Megan Good. Crawfish has always been a tough food for me to try. It looks like a ghetto version of a lobster crossed with shrimp and for the longest time I have given it the nickname of "Little Cockroach". I always felt why would you eat a crawfish on purpose? It's like choosing ground beef when you can have steak. Shrimp has always been my favorite weapon of choose for any of these cajun "Boiling Crab" type places, because of the efficient flavor to value ratio. A Crawfish is usually about 9 to 10 bucks a pound and is about 60% shell and 40% meat (I will later find out 90% shell or greater and less than 10% meat). Trust me for a pound of crawfish. You will pay a handsome penny and will not have enough meat to make a crab salad or even an appetizer with crackers. How did you find out about Hot N Juicy Crawfish? How does it taste though?? How's the quality? Stop being negative! You might say.I am guilty of watching Man Vs Food like the majority of all the yelp reviews for this restaurant. Normally, MVF's track record has been fairly poor, but this is different! Who doesn't like Asian flavors crossed with Cajun style? That's like saying you don't like Amerie (so hot!) or Hines Ward (not as hot). I ordered 1 lb Shrimp and 1lb of Crawfish to give Crawfish a try and have my shrimp as a back up, both Hot n Juicy style. The shrimp was great of course, although it was slightly under cooked. I think that's because maybe no one ever orders shrimp. It was a nice big size almost Jumbo shrimp sized and it tasted pretty good with the Hot N Juicy sauce, but nothing to jump out of your seat over. Shrimp is a dollar more than crawfish, but its worth it, because it is 95% meat and 5% shell. Time for my first taste of crawfish! At first, I honestly did not know how to eat it. I tried using my shrimp peeling skills, but I looked like a squirrel trying to get a nut. I finally swallowed my pride and asked one of the pretty waitress to help show me how to suck head. Get your mind out the gutter!!! Ha ha.. but that's how you are suppose to eat crawfish. You first suck the head, that's what she said (that's what she said) then you eat the meat. Hmmm.. Good thing this review is PG. The flavor of the juicy coming from the crawfish was a lot better than the shrimp! The taste is very delicious. It's like sipping a hot bowl of pho and some zesty tomato based Italian dish. Maybe that's a bad analogy. Let's say the restaurant smelled and tasted like a cross between a Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant and a Cajun grill. If you look around the restaurant you will see nothing, but people with smiles on their faces. This is unusually, because most restaurants I go to most people look impatient or serious. This is definitely a plus! My rating might be a tad bit harsh, but I feel it is truly honest. I do recommend that you give Hot N Juicy a try, only if you get there early and don't mind driving in to "Chinatown" (didn't see many Chinese places mostly Vietnamese restaurants, but all Asians look a like right? Don't answer that). If you are from Orange County and are spoiled by the Boiling Crab and other restaurants like it, be warned you may not like this place. There is less spicy and a little less flavor. If you are a Asian Cajun newbie, this will be a great start for you. I will go back again with my friends that have watched Man Vs Food, but I'm not a fan of great head with no meat, no pun intended.
5	When you just want lots of shellfish and a casual setting you must go here. We ordered the Crawfish, shrimp, and crab legs, all great. We went with the hot and juicy, Cajun, and garlic butter sauces all in mild and they were plenty spicy! It's fun to just talk and peel! It's a busy place and casual so don't expect 4 star service but the girls are nice and you can just flag someone down if you need a refill or reorder. We also ordered the calamari, sweet potato fried, rolls and rice. The side of rice is enough for 2 to share unless you just love rice haha. The fries and calamari were ok I don't think I'd get them again. They also have fresh oysters! I'm not a huge seafood person but I still had fun and plan to go back. Don't be snooty, tie on the apron, be patient and enjoy a lazy afternoon of conversation and crustaceans!
2	If I were to rate this place based on the food alone, I would give it a 4.5.. The shrimp was really good with the signature hot and juicy sauce, even better than what I've had at boiling crab *gasp!! My friends and I shared deep fried soft shell crab, catfish, and fries, which were all really yummy.What brought it waaaay down for me was the HORRIBLE service! We went to eat there on a Saturday evening, so we were expecting it to be really busy, but it wasn't. Thought that would be a good thing because our server would probably have more time to be attentive, but NO! My friend's mouth was on fire from the spicy sauce and had to ask for a coke refill 4 times before a different server finally came and refilled her cup, I had to ask for water 3 times, my other friend's plastic bib broke and she had to repeatedly ask for another before someone finally brought her a new one.When I received my bag of shrimp, there was a hole in it and juices were leaking everywhere. I politely asked the server if I could have another bag just to place the one I already had inside because I didn't want to lose all the sauce to my table, and he replied with a horrible attitude, telling me I wouldn't need one because it would be messy anyway. I then replied with, "Can you just get me a bag like I asked for please?" And he proceeded to throw his hands in the air, say "Fine," in a very sarcastic tone, and just threw the bag on the table. Um, excuse me?? First of all, I wanted to save my delicious sauce for my rice, not for licking off the f*cking table, DICK. I wish I ordered crab instead of shrimp so I could use the claws to attack him.Overheard the tables next to ours complaining about the bad service and the unnecessary attitudes as well. I hope the management at this establishment figures out a way to properly train their employees to be helpful, attentive, and polite. Until that happens, I won't be returning to Hot and Juicy.
4	If you told me about a Chinatown in Vegas, I would assume there is another theme casino going up where landing 3 fake Prada bags in a slot machine is a jackpot.  Apparently, it's an actual part of Vegas. Well slap me silly, get me an asian massage and love me long time!  Somehow there is also a Cajun style crawfish restaurant in the smack dab middle of it.One of my favorite things right of the bat is the eat-in style - roll of paper towels, plastic single-use table covers, and bibs. They know yo' ass is gonna make a mess. And because their food is fresh, this is not a pun!The shrimp and crawfish are a nice hefty size. Not the itty bitty crap you would get at Sizzler. However, if you cone hungry and have your eyes set on crawfish, you have to realize that there is a small ratio of edible meat per square inch. It's only the tail. Shrimp is a better option in this respect.  If you are really hungry, which is completely possible if there is a wait and you stand outside, watching people eat through the window, they have a great fried food menu, including chicken, crab, catfish, shrimp, and fries.The shrimp, crawfish, and other fish is available in several flavors, ranging from mild to cajun to hot-n-juicy.  It comes out in a nice plastic bag with the sauce.  All get nicely fumed with flavor after they are boiled.  Pair that with a nice cold brew and you will understand the draw of this place.  I hope this wasn't a mirage in the middle of the desert and this place really does exist.
4	Keep in mind that there's a newer location opened east of this location. The newer place has a strong smell of paint, but that will easily be musked by the shrimps and crawfishes. Their sauces are pretty spicy and known to numb and swollen lips. If you are sensitive to spicy, start off with the mild. There are several choices of sauces and spicy levels to choose from. Prepare to get messy. They provide plastic bibs, paper towels, and plastic table clothes.
5	This is definitely off the beaten path if you are one of those types of people that live for The Strip and all of its foo-foo overpriced eateries. Located about two miles from the strip, give or take a few feet, Hot N Juicy is located in Vegas' "Chinatown", although I saw more Vietnamese and Korean joints than I did Chinese. First of all......if you are waiting outside the front door, BEWARE THE RAMP LOCATED BY THE DISABLED PARKING SPOT! Its made out of the same asphalt that the rest of the parking lot is made out of, and the wife didn't see it, and she ate shit............Please be careful. With that being said, we went this past Sunday, (05/29/11), and it was jam packed. Right away, they let us know that they just opened up another location down the street, but we politely declined and toughed out the wait. For our party of 10, which we said didn't mind having split up if it got us in faster, the wait time was only about 30-40 minutes, and they told us it would be about as much. When we were seated, the waitress was kind enough to explain the flavors and levels of spiciness and she was right on. Getting right into it, we tried the shrimp (lemon pepper and garlic butter, both mild), the fried catfish basket with fries, the corn on the cob, and the steamed rice. SHRIMP- Big, fat, juicy, and oh so tasty. Unlike other places similar to this one, the sauces they used for both types we tried were kind of thin in terms of thickness (?), but VERY, VERY, VERY FLAVORFUL. We've been to places that the sauce is almost sandy or chalky, but here, it is like a nice shrimp stock, and we easily and most enjoyably poured it all over our steamed rice, which made it that much better! CATFISH- The catfish basket comes with fries. Fries, who can F those up? Not these guys! Crisp, crunchy, and salty. Perfect the way a fry should be. The catfish, perfectly cooked, comes in a nice cornmeal type of coating that adds a little extra crunch. Only problem is, they only give you about a fillet and a half, if that. I've been to places where they give you almost 3 fillets and that would have to be my only bitch about the fish. SIDES- Corn on the cob was awesome. Boiled, Buttery, sweet, and not overcooked. Simplicity at its finest. Steamed Rice- ditto. Simple, yet delicious. OVERALL EXPERIENCE- The wait was expected. It was out the door just like other people said. Waitresses were very helpful, but with the exception of the first refill, were slow on the next couple. As far as ordering more food, they were spot on. I'd come back over here for sure, and I'd bring my friends too. If you don't mind a wait, or taking the roads less traveled, be brave and head this way!
5	Great place to eat seafood loved it, but beware their spicy Is spicy! My friends had a hard time with mild
3	I have to say I am a bigger fan of Crawdaddy's in San Jose, CA than I am of this place - both the service and the food (well, the sauce) is better at Crawdaddy's.We ordered a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, two corns and cajun fries. We ordered both the crawfish and shrimp with the Hot N Juicy special sauce which is supposed to be a combination of all of the sauces - the crawfish came out with that sauce and luckily they made a mistake and our shrimp came out with just the garlic butter sauce.  I was not feeling the Hot N Juicy sauce - it tasted weird with the garlic butter, lemon pepper and whatever else was in there, it was just too much. The garlic butter that was on the shrimp was really good though, we got medium spice and there were some nice chunks of garlic which is my favorite part :) Both the shrimp and crawfish were big - no tiny suckers here which I did appreciate because when you get a tiny crawfish it's quite annoying - all that work for nothing. My favorite part is always the corn because they sit it in the bag with the shrimp and it soaks up all the juice and every bite you get the sweet corn with the spicy garlic buttery taste - ABSOLUTELY AMAZING I'll tell ya! I think if we never got the Hot N Juicy sauce I would have liked the crawfish better.The service was okay - we got some jock looking like dude.  He was nice but we had asked for extra sauce and some extra corns - waited about 10 minutes, didn't see the guy and when we finally spotted him he was just kicking it behind the counter chatting it up with the girls. In my head I'm thinking "COME ON FOOL!  I WANT MY CORN AND EXTRA SAUCE! WTF YOU TALKING FOR?! THAT WON'T GET YOU A GOOD TIP!" haha.. we didn't end up getting our corn until the end of our meal along with the check - I guess we could just call that our dessert ;)Thanks to MVF we came, we saw and we tried some pretty good food but I think if were in Vegas again we wouldn't come back.
5	Any place that makes me crave to come back is getting 5 stars from me!  I finally convinced a couple of friends to try the infamous Hot n Juicy for the first time.  None of us had been here before, but I am pretty sure all of us are returning soon!We ordered two pounds of crawfish, and a pound each of shrimp and snow crab.  We opted for the Hot n Juicy sauce, medium spice.  The spice level of the sauce was right about on for us (although we may go hotter next time!), and the flavor was extremely good.  It was some sort of a garlic sauce that made sucking the juices out of these crustaceans so addicting.  The shrimp were by far our favorite.  Nice and big in size, and juicy.  They weren't that hard to peal really, with the heads on them.  The crawfish were also tasty, although there was a lot less meat in them (obviously).  I am not a big crawfish eater, but these were so damn good that I probably would get them again just for the experience of cracking them open!  The money paid for the crawfish versus how much meat you get might not be worth it to some, but the experience is worth it to me.  The blue crab legs were few, but large and extremely delicious!I can't wait to come back, so Hot n Juicy is getting a 5 star review from me.  The waitresses are cute and friendly and they'll make sure you know how to crack those shellfish!  This place definitely deserves the A+ reputation that it has earned.
5	Let me start off by saying I was hesitant to try Hot N Juicy.  Now that my cherry was popped I can't stop thinking about it.  I've been back every week since the first time I went, and one week I went twice.I'm not a crawfish fan.  Maybe that is why I was so hesitant.  Nonetheless, I wanted to be open minded and faced my fears.  There was a half an hour wait and I remember thinking- this better be worth my time!  The staff is pretty friendly and accomodating so it helped my nerves while awaiting for our table.I didn't order the crawfish but I did order the Hot N Juicy medium shrimp special as well as some corn and cajun fries.  The sauce on the shrimp was spicy, buttery and garlicky goodness.  3 things I love the most.  The shrimp is placed in a big plastic bag so the shrimp soak in all the juices from the sauce, and they put the corn (on the cob) in the bag to sit in the sauce also.OMG.SOOO good!Eventually tried to expand my horizons and get the crawfish, but I wasn't a fan.  That is only because they creep me out.  So I'm a bit bias.  BUT shrimp fans rejoice.
4	I loved Hot N Juicy!! Let me tell you I had been craving crawfish and after reading all the good reviews on this place, I had to go check it out. I haven't had crawfish in like 20 years when I lived in Mississippi and I totally forgot how to even crack one open. So as soon as I got there I was ready to order some yummy crawfish. I chose the 2lb bag seasoned in garlic sauce with mild spiciness. Oh it was so good. My hands got so messy, but it was all worth it. The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice, very open and spacious. It was not busy at all and the servers were polite and friendly as well. I would definitely go back to satisfy my crawfish cravings:)
5	I kinda went into this place expecting to be dissapointed only because every crawfish place I come across I compare it to the boiling crab (a restraunt very similar to hotnjuicy) and im always let down...but this time I was strangely happy with the flavor...i ordered shrimp and they sell it to you by the pound...and 1lbs is plenty for one person! They serve it to you in a huge plastic bag and expect your hands to get dirty because there are no forks or spoons here!! The staff is very helpful and friendly! So overall I am a very happy camper :)
3	Definitely not the best crawfish I've had but it did fill my craving.  I ordered the XXX spicy and the waitress was concerned because apparently it's too spicy for some.  The waitress made me a bit nervous but once the crawfish came out it wasn't that spicy.  Since my family is from Louisiana and I've had frequent crawfish boils I can tell when crawfish is uber spicy because my lips start to swell.  Hardly the case here.  Either way it's worth a try to fill the craving.
5	Went here with some friends cuz of love for seafood. I was surprise it was small for such a popular place. Food was awesome. I had had 2 lbs of crawfish and 2lbs of snow crabs. I was a bit disappointed because they ran out of Dungeness my original order... on a Tuesday! But overall good experience. The staff was wonderful. The food was great. Definitely recommend you drop by when in Vegas
2	Food was good and the place was packed but the service was horrible and when it came time for the bill asked for cash do they wouldn't get charged for using their card machine!!!  Then I didn't get my change, they just put it in their tip jar!! I had to ask for it and dug it out their jar in front of me!! As a foodie, great food, as a person who has been in the food and hospitality field for 10 years, bad FOH staff!!
5	**Summary**       - Seasoning - The options are Louisiana Style, Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, and Hot n Juicy Special. Hands down, the Hot n Juicy Special is the best. It's a mix of the rest and it's very flavorful.       - Spice Level - The options are Less Than Mild, Mild, Medium, Spicy, and Extra Spicy. Be warned, their spicy level at mild is already pretty spicy.       - Flavor - Your seafood, spices, and extras are cooked in one bag to lock in all that flavor. I personally like to peel my shrimp and then dip it back into the sauce.       - Ordering - You order your seafood and what seasoning/spice level you want. I'd recommend the shrimp or crawfish with Hot n Juicy Mild. Also, you can add sausage and corn to it too. The corn soaks up a lot of the sauce, making it extra flavorful and spicy.       - Warning - If you order shrimp, crawfish, or crabs, you're eating with your hands so that gets kinda messy, but they give you bibs. Also, because of the intense flavor of the sauce, you'll probably be sweating garlic for a while.**Price**       - $9.99 per lb. Crawfish       - $10.99 per lb. Shrimp**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place for a good experience and a delicious meal. However, just as a warning, it can get a little messy, and you'll smell like the sauce for a day.
4	Quick and attentive service. The menu gets to the point ! The ladies are super sweet and helpful , especially for me since I was unsure what to get!
1	Heard about this place on one of the TV Food shows so I gave it a try.    I ordered 2 pound of Crawfish in Mild and various flavors.  All tasted the same. Its just cooked in very basic Buffalo Wing sauce you can buy anywhere.  The 2 pounds of crawfish looks big but since I can only eat the meat in the tail, the edible part was tiny and would fit in the center of one palm of my hand.    Very disappointed.   Overpriced.
5	THE BEST!!!! enough said! everything about this place is awesome the price, the selection of seafood, and the omg taste of it all gets u drooling just thinking about it haha. love this place recommend it to anyone thats a seafood lover and loves spices. quick tip expect a lil long wait cause theres probably alot of ppl dying to get into this place just like you will be.
1	The food is ok at best, service was terrible or the waitress we had was slow in the head or something, Boiling crab was way better and i can name a number of places that are not as famous that have better service and food. Took 30 minutes to get our fries, another 10 minutes to get STRAWS for our drinks and then they messed up our order and the waitress had a sick attitude.
4	Although I enjoy Boiling Crab's whole shabang sauce better than this place, I do have to give them credit for their crawfish and the sauce. Their crawfish are large sized and filled with a lot of flavor. I would go here again for sure when I'm in Vegas. Spicy sauce is probably my favorite.  Shrimp was tasty as well. I'd probably give them 5 stars but I'll visit here a couple more times to check consistency.
5	Seafood in a bag.... no one does it better than Hot N Juicy. One of the gems in Vegas off the strip. Whats makes this place special is the sauce they cook the seafood in. Every time I'm in Vegas I come here at least once. Hand down better than Boiling Crab and other places I've been to.I don't know how they do it in the South but this is definitely the Best in the West.
5	SOOOOOOO goooood!!! Most of the places that have been on tv don't live up to the hype, but Adam Richman definately got it right when he gave this place the thumbs up!!!One warning: it is VERY messy!!! Make sure you don't have ANY cuts in your fingers before you start eating (They do have gloves, but it's just not as much fun using them!) - other than that, you can't really go wrong with ANYTHING on this menu!We always get crawfish with the HotNJuicy Special- with NO spice... We do like spicy food in our family, but even the mild has a pretty strong kick that does dull the yummy-ness of the sauce! Make sure you get a bowl of rice and order some extra sausages to eat with that extra sauce!NOT the best place for hungry kids- we were able to get our girls some french fries & soda, but they got pretty frustrated trying to peel their own shrimp/wait for us to peel shellfish for them... and the craqfish creeped them out! (lol) But they ended up getting hapy meals on the way back to the hotel!So for the best experience, leave the kids at home and go expecting a wait that will be well worth it!
4	I saw a friend of mine mention Hot N Juicy on her Facebook wall while I was in Vegas and quickly Googled it.  It looked EXACTLY like The Boiling Crab in California and right then and there I knew I would be heading down to Hot N Juicy for a meal while I was in Vegas.It's a seafood place were you order seafood by the pound.  You then choose what type of sauce you want your seafood brought to you in.  They have lemon pepper, cajun, garlic butter etc and you can choose a level of spiciness.  You can also get items added to your seafood like sausage, corn and potatoes.  They have the regular sides like rice, fries etc.Once you place your order they bring you a bib and a few minutes later you're brought a bag of delicious juiciness with the seafood that you ordered.This time I ordered a pound of snow crabs in lemon pepper sauce and a pound of shrimp in cajun sauce.  I got my order a little spicy.They were both fantastic and at a pretty reasonable price.  The shrimp was $10 and the snow crabs were $17 per pound each.You're guaranteed to be a mess after this meal so you might as well get down and dirty!
5	Will consider opening a restaurant in Honolulu???  pretty please?YES!  It was that delicious!  On my trip to Las Vegas, I was brought here by a couple of friends and I was hooked after that time.  My traveling buddy and I shared a pound of the Hot n Juicy shrimp with sausage, corn, and rice.  It was more than enough for the two of us.  The mild sauce had a big kick to it so if you're not the spicy fan, I don't even recommend the mild!  The sausage was really good as it had a snap to it and the corn was infused with a buttery version of the Hot n Juicy sauce.  The staff was excellent as they were very good with beverage refills as each of us polished off at least two sodas.  Hot n Juicy kicks all of the North Shore shrimp trucks in the face and make them beg to call it "daddy!"  I wished I had the time to come back again.  Any place that has me craving their food after a couple of weeks deserve 5 stars.
4	Super yummy and messy! Not a place for a first date or important meeting. You will get messy. I ordered 1 pound of mild crawfish, king crab, shrimp all with the hot n juicy sauce. It was perfect for 2 adults. But if you dont like spicy let me warn you..mild is pretty spicy. Overall if your craving cajun spices and seafood this is the place to go.
4	Put on a bib and prepare to make a mess on your table covered in disposable plastic.Hot N Juicy delivers delicious bags of crawfish, crab, shrimp, sausage, and other creole favorites. I tried the garlic butter crawfish which was pretty good and lemon pepper shrimp which was also good.  Side corn was delicious and packed with flavor and the sausage was good soaked in the sauce.The seafood in general is average..  My shrimp was a little overcooked - but still very tasty. It did not seem really fresh - perhaps it was frozen. The sauce is good and completes the meal.  The service was a little slow - make sure your drink is full as your food arrives or you may get stuck with hot-mouth!I gave this place 4 stars because it is out in the desert. I love NOLA and I'm from Florida.. so I have high standards for seafood and cajun.  I am a true believer in fresh from the boat to your table. This is not really possible out here and these guys do an excellent job and have a really nifty theme. The place was packed and people seemed to be enjoying their meals on a saturday afternoon.
4	So hot, so juicy, so good. So this is what everyone's been raving about. "I mean, how good can buttered-up crustaceans really be for people to wait in line for long periods of time?" I wondered to myself as I waited in line, albeit I expected a wait for a party of 14 or so. For people who like to get their hands dirty and have an affinity for head on crustaceans, Hot N Juicy is 5 stars for sure. For me, however, I don't like to get my hands dirty (especially under my fingernails), and I prefer my crustacean to be deveined and decapitated before I devour them. Nevertheless, I must say I enjoyed Hot N Juicy. I ordered a pound of shrimp in the signature Hot N Juicy special sauce, medium-level spicy. If you order two pounds or more, you get corn and potatoes thrown in the bag. I wish they would include corn and potatoes with one pound orders though...With plastic gloves on and paper towels laid out in front of me, I opened the bag of shrimp and spicy steam, and grabbed a shrimp. The worst part about this experience (other than the mess) is cleaning the shrimp before eating. It takes a long time. But I guess it's good to eat slow. The best part about this Hot N Juicy experience is the sauce. The sauce is so tasty- savory, buttery, spicy, garlicky, etc. Make sure to generously dip the meat in the sauce. The sauce is 5 stars, but the shrimp are probably worthy of 3. While some of the shrimp were plump and firm (a sign of freshness), some others were kind of mushy (a sign of age). I detest mushy shrimp!What would make Hot N Juicy perfect is if they offered complimentary bread to sop up the delicious sauce that comes with your seafood order. That would be cajun heaven right there!
5	If you haven't tried crawfish or have but didn't like it this place will be sure to change your mind.  This place is terrific.  It's a great spot to sit, chat and have a long dinner as eating crawfish is a process.  I can't wait to go back as I haven't been in a few months.
5	This place is sooo GOOD!  I was HOOKED after a friend took me here last year.  I ordered a pound of shrimp marinated in the Hot n Juicy special.  I love eating really really spicy foods and the medium spiciness I ordered had just enough kick for me.  My friends ordered crab legs and crawfish marinated in the Hot n Juicy special but I think the shrimp is able to soak more of the delicious marinade and easier to peel.  Heck, I even ate the shrimp's head and I don't normally eat the shrimp's head =)  The marinade is that good!  I'll never be able to go back to Hawaii and eat expensive Giovanni's or any other shrimp trucks again.  Giovanni who?  I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat there again!
2	We enjoyed so much last year, so we went back there last week. What happened? The sauce was so watery & blend and not delicious at all. Very disappointed.
5	Hang Over? The cure is some Hot and Juicy CrawFISH! Delicious, Hot and Ready! The cute staff girls are awesome and often bring water for refills because they KNOW you would need water at a place called Hot and Juicy Crawfish! Amazing, must frequent hot spot off the strip when you are in town!
4	Not a place for a first date... unless... you really want to get to know her/him... it's messy, it's SOOOOOO GOOOOD! I'm currently craving the bag full of succulent shrimp. I could only snap my fingers and be there now. YUM
3	There were at least 4 flavors of crawfish to get here. The sauce was good and it did not leave me sick with an upset stomach. The shrimp was yummy too. The mild flavor was lacking taste but that's no surprise.
1	Hot and Mushy is more like it!  This place is WAY over priced, and they do NOT stand behind their food.  We live in a neighborhood of friends, and often get together on a Friday night and order something fun.  Many times it has been Hot and Juicy.  This week we ordered hot and juicy for pickup.  We ordered 13 lbs... 11 lbs of shrimp, and 2 lbs. of crawfish.  The shrimp were inedibly mushy when we got them home.  Luckily, I had defrosted a bunch of king crab legs an lobster tails from Costco.  This higher quality seafood saved the day, and the party.  We called hot and juicy the next day to see if they would refund the money for the shrimp, and that we would gladly bring back the mushy shrimp.  It took 4-5 calls and many hilarious conversations dealing with several of the 20-something children who seem to run the place. One girl said "for the future, I would ask them to put no more than a lb. per bag.  The shrimp are fickle"  Really, young child??  As if we are the ones who packed all of the shrimp in one bag!  I'm not at all convinced the amount per bad has any bearing, but she shed all responsibility, saying she doesn't have the authority to give a refund. After a few more calls with other little girls who had no authority, we finally got a hold of a manager, since the owner is apparently too important to deal with his customers.  He offered a 5% discount on our next order.  when we promised to write the story on Yelp, he upped it to 10%.  The problem is, I don't want disgusting mushy shrimp paste nastiness at any price.  The manager said "I checked with the 'chef' (I'd call him a cook at best) and he said that they were cooked perfectly".  Did he?  Hahaha!  Of course he said that. I have 10 people, one a sous chef at a restaurant in the Bellagio, who beg to differ.  The manager also practically accused us of lying when we told him we order from there often saying "well, I don't see an order history on your card". This, after we had already mentioned that a different person in our group of 10 picks up the food each time. Some of us pay cash.  This place is damned sure not worth the wait, and certainly not worth the exorbitant prices they charge.  They just lost a ton of business from all of us and everyone we know, and don't seem to care at all.  They simply don't stand behind their product at all, so why should we?  Order at your own risk!
4	Pretty yummy.  This was my first time ever at any crawfish joint, so I can't compare it to anything else like Boiling Crab. :/6 girls got 5 pounds of crawfish and shrimp, and we took 2 remaining pounds to go.  It was really yummy.  I could munch on the sauce drenched corn cobbs all day. :)My only gripe about this place is the chlorine tasting tap water.  My friend A used it to dip her crawfish in as the sauce was too spicy for her.  What a great idea.  If you're fine with the sauce, get a corona.  Yum.
5	I love this place and crave it ALL the time!!! Shrimp in the Hot N Juicy special sauce mild is my all time favorite with a dozen of cajun sausage, but everything else on the menu is very good. Get there early if you are interested in Crab or Lobster because they sell out quickly. One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!
3	As a Louisiana native, I love crawfish. So when I wanted to try out this place, I wasn't expecting some awesome crawfish in Las Vegas. When we got there, the place was packed and a crazy line out the door, so I thought it may have decent crawfish so I decided to wait 45 mins to get seated. Anyway, once we got in there, the menu confused me because there were a million different flavors of crawfish to choose from, which is unlike anything I've ever seen; the most flavor you usually choose from in the south is if you want them extra spicy or not. There were 3 of us, so we got a few pounds of crawfish to try out, of different flavors to start, we also got fried catfish, and an order of crab legs.    The crawfish were surprisingly pretty tasty! But the catfish didn't taste very good at all, and the crab legs were okay, but extremely overpriced and not for a good reason. Anyway, if I'm craving crawfish again in Vegas, and have time to wait for a seat, I'd go back but I'd only order the crawfish and nothing else.
4	If you want to get your hands dirty this is the spot!  Crab & beer, no frills, but very good.
1	I went to the new location in closer to Valley View.  the food was great...but the service was HORRIBLE.  they served us crab with no crab crackers.  we were told that they simply ran out and were washing some but they NEVER came out.  One person in out party cut their had trying to crack the crab.  We called a manager over and she really didn't care at all.  the servers didn't care.  it was HORRIBLE!!! HOW CAN YOU SERVE CRAB WITH NO CRAB CRACKERS!!!! i WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN.
5	Best thing in Vegas!!!!! U should come here if your ever in Vegas..
1	Take it from a real live coonass cajun...This ain't it. Dumping a ton of cayenne pepper on something does NOT make it Louisiana!
4	Get ready to get dirty.  Oh yeah, don't be wearing white. Be comfy, cuz u gonna use your hands!  Fun place to try. Wish we had a place like this in Hawaii. Food Ordered:-2 lbs of the crawfish. The hot n juicy special flavor with the extra spicy level. (of course) -fingerlickin good, tear ducts watering, nose running....yumminess.-Softshell crab (comes with fries) - good-4 corn - same ole, same oleEnvironmentFairly clean. Wooden tables, some booths, casual.ServiceDecent. Waitress was okay, a little ditzy, but okay. TipWhen u get there, the person taking your name down for the waitlist may say, "go to the other NEW location down the block, there is no wait." WRONG, do not listen. We were smart enough to put our name on the list then check out the "new" location....yup, even looongger wait!  Lame. So we went back to the original location and waited just 15 minutes! Not much parking, so CARPOOL or go early!
4	I dont if it's because I'm tired of boiling crab or something but this place and their hot n juicy flavoring kick boiling crab's whole shabang's ass!!! It wasn't too oily or salty and their spice definitely has more kick. I was sniffling on a mild haha... I tried the shrimp, king crab legs, and lobster  tail and all were pretty bomb! MMMMmmmMMMM
5	This was one of the best seafood places I've been to for crawfish! It was absolutely good! I ordered 2 lbs of crawfish and also got a potato and corn that was in mild hot&juicy sauce. The flavor was very satisfying and just made me want more. Waitresses there were quite friendly and quick with the food. I liked how it was easy to eat as in the tables had plastic on them for quick clean up and they gave me a plastic bib and there was lots of napkins if I needed any. I would come back anytime again!
5	"Hands down"!!! This place was so good we had to have it again before leaving Vegas... First time there we ordered the crawfish which I am not to fond of... Calamari was pretty good...  we also ordered shrimps.... the shrimps were so juicy and delicious so much flavor!!! We had the butter garlic, and also lemon pepper I would highly recommend these 2 flavors. We also tried the Cajun seasoning and I am not a spicy person so didn't care much for it.... Anyhow when in Vegas this is one spot to definitely check out :D
5	Wow! I can't believe that it took me this long to finally try this place.  It has been a long time dream of mine to get down and dirty! Hot n Juicy and lemon pepper shrimp at one pound each with a side of white rice. In addition to skin peeling, eating with my hands, sucking the juice out of the shrimp heads, licking the juice from running down your fingers, and drinking the juice from the bag after devouring the shrimps; while all were sitting in my tummy and with a side of beer was EPIC!!!!
4	After the Man vs. Food special at Hot N Juicy how can one not visit this place while in Vegas. Its location is in Chinatown if you are visiting and staying on the strip, but the cab ride is well worth the money to try these succulent crawfish.Wait time to be seated was expected for a restaurant seen on Man vs. Food, so don't be surprised. The hostess may even tell you to try their other restaurant down the street with "no wait time," but we of course wanted the real deal. When we were finally seated, service wasn't bad at all for a busy Tuesday night, food came out consistently as we ordered. Which brings me to...THE FOOD!I suggest tightening that bib across your neck because once that food comes out, get ready to lick those juices around your fingers slowly running down the side of your hands because it's going to get a bit messy!Sweet potato fries: The perfect balance between sweet and salty. Fries came in a basket and had the right amount of juicy flavor, not dry but not drenched in oil either. A great way to start the beginning of the feast.3 lbs of Hot N Juicy Special Crawfish and 1 lb of Shrimp: Better than expected! Crawfish come steamed in a bag drenched in their special sauce. Full of flavor and deliciousness! The heads don't come with too much juice, but crawfish meat come exceptionally hefty, as do the shrimp. I actually prefer their seafood drenched in so much flavor than the fire burning crawfish we had at New Orleans! Spice isn't too overwhelming... I think we got the medium. Get the potato and corn as they are steamed in with the crawfish too! Well worth the trip and money! We had a great time getting down and dirty with these crawfish and shrimp. I don't think I'll ever find the perfect blend of spice and flavor! This place is a definite must when visiting Vegas!!
3	I'm comparing this to Boiling Crab...it's not as good and here's why...the sauce is different, kinda tastes like they put cream in there, not worse just different. The clams were not washed well and had sand bits in them. Anyone who's bit into a grain of sand knows what I'm talking about. The catfish basket was more expensive, had a subpar batter and had much less catfish than they give at BC. One thing I'll give them credit for is their shrimp...big and super fresh. BC has tendency for old shrimp that become mushy, so this is one area BC could improve on.
1	Alright sooo I have a buddy in Vegas who claimed that this place was the shit and way better than Boiling Crab and Claws out here in Orange County so I had to put it to the test. Took a trip to Vegas with a group of our friends and decided to have dinner with one of my friends friends who said we could try this place. When we got there it looked to be pretty busy with a fifteen to twenty minute wait which wasn't to bad. The host was pretty cool and talked to us for a bit while we waited for our table. We finally got seated and ordered right away. It pretty much took them 20 minutes or more for them to come out and let us know that our food was going to be coming out a little late due to the rush they had. 10-15 minutes after that was when our food came out. The sauce was good but a bit watery. The shrimp was perfect and not over cooked. The service was alright with the waiter coming to check on his here and there. As I was eating one of the remaining shrimp that was left in the bag I noticed a thick black hair on the head of the shrimp. Normally I would think it was just the whiskers or whatever you want to call it from the shrimp but NO it was straight up a pubic hair with the little white thing on bottom tip of it from wherever the hair was from. My friend decided to take the piece of shrimp with pube still on it up to the front and complain. The asshole Caucasian male waiter gave her attitude and claimed it wasn't hair and that it was one of the whiskers from the shrimp. He said that the hair wasn't purely black and that there was a redish color to it which was bull shit. So my friend came back to sit down with us and was irritated with the waiter for handling the situation the way he did. The host that was talking to us before we got seated walked by and we showed him the hair and even he himself knew it was a piece of hair. He joked around and said "well thats obviously not my hair." and laughed because he had a buzzed head. He finally took care of the situation and took the order of shrimp off the bill for us and apologized. Overall... place is over priced compared to what the Cali prices are. The sauce is not too bad but not what I imagined it to be after all the hype. And lastly the service sucked balls but the only thing that made up for it was the host who was nice enough to help us out. Would I go back there ever again? Absolutely not!
5	OK... so I watched the Man VS Food show and saw this place... And I wanted to eat here.. AND I DID!!! Went during 4th of July weekend... We had to wait 45mins!!! BUT was well worth it!!! Crawfish was yummy and shrimp was  yummy!! Next time I go there I will try the Crabs!!! MMM
4	I checked out this place in April 2010 to see what the hype was about.  A group of my friends and I came to this place hungry because we saved our appetite for this spot.  I wasn't down for the hour wait that's why they get the minus star but I do not blame them because its such a popular place as it was showed on Man vs. Food.   As we were seated we ordered 1 pound shrimp, 1 pound snow crab and oysters.  It was definitely worth the wait!  You definitely get messy but of course they provide bibs and gloves for you.  If I was in the place again, I would come and eat here again with a group of friends.  Come prepared with the waiting period and a ready appetite! Worth the money and the trip! If you haven't tried it yet, your missing out!!
4	Just three days ago, my heart was broken. It was love at first bite. I would marry this crab, but I realized that  I can't have my crab and eat it too. I am seriously having withdrawals, which is why I am returning again. And again later this week. And next week.
5	I've been going to Boiling Crab since I'm from socal and this place is just as good, if not better!! To me, the seasoning is right on par with BC. The one thing I love about this place is that their crawfish are always huge! I've come here a couple times already and every time I come (around lunch time), there is no wait, which is a plus. Definitely recommend this place if you're craving some tasty, flavorful crawfish :)
4	All I can say is WOW. This is friggin good!Pros: Great FoodGreat ServiceModerate PricesCons:Long wait time...Not sure that can be considered a con since long lines mean that alot of people like this place.... I am no exception to the rule, I actually ate here twice within 4 days.  Some tips:  You have to try the Crawfish in the Hot And Juicy sauce, Medium!  It has just the right amount of spice.  This is a really a one of a kind experience.  Word to the wise, DO NOT WEAR WHITE!!Definitely worth the trip if you're out in Vegas.
4	Saw this place on man v food so I had to come in.  What a tourist...I know.  I've never had crawfish before I came here so I was excited.  Parking can suck as the lot gets crowded but there is parking on the street with no sidewalk.  That works I guess.  Lucky for me I had a huge paper cut on my thumb so I was praying they had gloves and they did. Whew.  My fiance got the crawfish medium and I got the shrimp spicy.  They come and bags, you rip the bag open and then go at it.  It's super hot and the gloves actually helped.  I think you get the best bang for your buck with the shrimp, as the crawfish is all shell.  The crawfish heads are delicious though, smoky woodsy flavor.  However, the shrimp are the way to go, easier eating, more substance, similar flavors.My glove did get punctured and that spicy sauce going into my paper cut was a great feeling, but not as bad as sauce going into my eye when I accidentally scratched my eye.  Comedy of errors.  We stopped here on our last two visits to Vegas and think we will continue to do so.  Haven't found a place in LA that competes yet.
4	Good food but too spicey for my taste buds.
5	Upon approaching Hot and Juicy the aroma of freshly cooked seafood and blended spices teases you with what it to come. When entering we were pleasantly greeted while the menu was explained to us. The service at this establishment was a highlight. If you ever go, ask for Robin. She was a delight and helped answer many of our questions with a smile. We ordered the crawfish, shrimp, and crab.  All was tasty but the crab outdid itself. Easily one of the best crabs in Vegas, especially for the price. All in all, I recommend Hot and Spicy!
4	I know a lot of people love this place so i'm trying to review based on what i've heard from others.  As i'm not a huge crawfish/shrimp eater. So removing my bias towards the food, i think the place is great.You wanna go here if you wanna get down and DIRTY with your crawdaddy's!  You order the suckers by the pound, cooked to perfection with your prefered flavor and spice, crackem open and suck their soul juicy flavored soul out.If your a shellfish eater this place is a blast to be get grub on cause the tables are just lined with plastic and all you really do is just get your food slapped on your table, open your bag and dig right in baby.  Theres no holdin back.  You'll have a pile of ravaged food 30 mins later and everones gonna think your pregnant with a little food baby in it's 3rd trimester.Waitiers were always super friendly and it's just a fun rowdy environment. Parking kinda sucks goin into the place but hey, you cant winem all right?I give 4/5 cause while teh food is good i'd like to see better seating.  I'm a tall guy so i'm kinda picky with where i sit and everytime i've come here i just feel crammed.  OH well i can get over it though.  as yelp says "Yay! I'm a fan."
4	My aunt and cousin are FANS of this spot and said we HAD to check it out!  We ordered the Shrimp, Crawfish, Crab legs, Raw Oysters, Sweet Potato Fries and Chicken wings.  Needless to say it was all devoured.  We are fans and will definitely hit this spot again when we are in town.Service was hit and miss.  Greeted, Check. Drinks, Check.  Ordered food.  Check.  But, when our meal was complete it took a bit too long to get our check.  Then I had to walk to the register to pay my bill.
3	==================================================Updated again: They were actually closed, this time, due to health violations in 2010...info from the Las Vegas Review Journal "Restaurant Report": http://www.lvrj.com/taste/restaurant-report-105329198.htmlPersonally I could care less if a restaurant get's downgraded due to violations because they often are just a bunch of minor things but I am strict, personally, about seafood restaurants. I've eaten at B and C retaurants before...not often..but I have and it was no big deal. But yeah...actually being shut down? Nah. Not for me, because it's seafood. It's up to YOU to make that decision. Most of you may not care, but people like me would want to know if they're going to chow down on shrimp and crawdads.You would be surprised how many seafood places get downgraded but I don't often read about closures. Anyways...if you want to still eat here I have an idea that may solve things. Watch the restaurant reports and go after the reinspections because they would have fixed all of the problems. I think that's the best one can do with these cases, if you want to eat there but you're still worried.==================================================Original update:I loved the food when I ate there but it's kinda ruined it for ME, because of an old news alert put on Channel 13 action news back in 2009. I just discovered this today as I was researching the art festival First Friday.I was conflicted about  updating my rating, because it's such old news, but I knew I would have wanted to know anyways, if I were perusing Yelp, so that others could make an informed decision of their own.I downgraded my rating to A-OK, which is 3 stars. It's not bad, it's not good. I'm more interested in being neutral about this place and letting you decide for yourself.I had my bad experience in July. The owner addressed the problems in August, to my satisfaction. Then in November they got a C rating with the Health Department.If you google the Vegas channel 13 news website for their segment called "Dirty Dining", you will find they had run an article on Hot N Juicy  Crawfish about many health district violations from about the time I wrote my reviews.  The News channel aquired the records of the health inspection which were archived as PUBLIC records. They publish them as a community service. -----------I think it's commendable he fixed the problems listed on the report. Just like he fixed the problems I experienced when I had a bad time there. I admit I'm a little freaked out these problems were there when I was eating there but oh well. I never got sick!So the final verdict is this:1) The food tasted great!2) They've kept their A rating since the 1 time downgrade to C in Nov 2009 by the health department. That's GOOD! They're most likely safe to eat at and you'll have a wonderful time! It's never happened again, and I believe people and habits can change.3) After reading their reviews, service still seems to be inconsistent, as the norm.It's just my PERSONAL decision to not eat there any more because I can't get their past violations out of my head after reading the report, but that's just ME.I'm on the lookout for a new place to try when I have cravings for messy seafood. Any suggestions?
4	After first seeing this place on Man Vs. Food I went down here to check it out.Goddamn amazing flavor is the best way to describe it! There are so many different flavors and spice levels so anyone can enjoy some fresh seafood. The shrimp, craw-fish, etc are first cooked in a seasoning and then put into a plastic bag with ANOTHER flavor, a red potato, and a corn cob and tied up to steam as it it brought out to your table.You sit at the table with a plastic bib and a large plastic table cloth and an endless supply of wet naps and swim in the juicy goodness that they have brought you.They also have a small selection of cold beers to wash it all down with.So come on down and enjoy so  piece of Thai/Creole goodness mixed together ;D
5	OMG....this stuff is like CRACK! This is what I'm going to miss from Vegas. My sister, brother and friend went on Sunday afternoon and we ordered:Soft Shell Crab - It was good and the fries had a kick to it.Etouffee - Flavorful and pretty spicy.1 lb. Crawfish - Lots of work, but fun to eat.1 lb. Clams - These were actually pretty disappointing. Also, seemed to be more empty shells than clams.1 lb. Shrimp - OMG....I'm not a big shrimp fan, but I ate so many of these.We went back Monday with two other friends and ordered:Fried Shrimp - These were ok, but the batter was a bit too thick.Cajun Fries - Still had a kick to it.2 lb. Crawfish extra corn - Still was good2 lb. Shrimp - YUM!2 lb. Snow Crab - Oh these were good too, but one of our friend inhaled most of it.......I know not to go with him again.1 lb. Clams - Yeah, I would stay away from these as they are not worth it.7 Garlic Butter Corn - These were so good. We ordered 4 first and we ended up ordering an additional 3. Must try these!We ordered mild for all of it and it does make your tongue and lips burn, but seems to fade away by the time you leave. I am definitely going to go CRAZY next time and try......medium! =)I thought the staff was awesome. There was a mix up and they ended up giving us 1 lb. snow crab on the house which most places wouldn't. Awesome!I also thought the prices to be very reasonable! Can't wait to go back! This is going to our place to go when in Vegas.
5	Awesome place great food from shrimp to crawfish, I love the juicy Louisiana, great spice and heat....service was alright it's my second time going and they are always busy. Parking sucks because it's so busy there's just not enough of it. Not a long wait time to get seated and and service was fast to the table but then got a little slow. But the food made up for everything, I don't like eating with my hands but it was too good. I will definitely be going back soon......
3	There's nothing like hearing you boss suggest that we should go to "Hot and Juicy" for dinner after a long day of work. Just saying the name made me feel a bit inappropriate around my boss. Nonetheless, Hot and Juicy has decent shrimp and craw fish and the wait time wasn't absurd.  The staff is pretty friendly and accommodating. Their seasoning isn't as good as Boiling Crab, something is off with the flavor. I think the lack of butter or oil or something.....but its not as intense as BC which I guess is good for someone like me, who's stomach can't handle the spicyness of BC sometimes. Either way, I left very full and satisfied but if Boiling Crab ever moves into town, Hot and Juicy better watch out!....just sayin.
2	Let me start by saying that the flavor of my crawfish was excellent.  I especially like ordering the side of rice and pouring some of the sauce over the rice, phenomenal!  Now let me throw some criticism in.  The service was a complete embarrassment.  It seemed as though the servers had no direction or coordination.  I understand this place is usually a madhouse, but that should mean the wait staff should be pros at handling a full house.  After we got our first order, our table was completely neglected.  One of us didn't even get our meal.  They brought it out after I had walked up to the bar and mentioned our table is a ghost town.  By the time they came with the rest of our food, we told them to take it back, we're ready to go.  Hopefully, I caught them on an off night, we all have those.  I will be back, and I will write an updated review, but don't you disappoint me again.
4	This place comes close to Boiling Crab; the house special seasoning is lighter and not as thick.I always get shrimp but I noticed that the crawfish is huge here! I love how the garlic in the sauce is minced up! Mmmmmmm
4	This place is helllllllaaaa good. But on my last day in Vegas I got food poisoning from eating a bad crawfish from this place! Booooo but it was delicous before I got sick so minus one star
5	This was my chioce for my birthday dinner last week, so that should tell you something right off the bat.  It's excellent.  Hot n Juicy is on my list of places to take out of towners.  It's sits right next to Nora's and Fierfly in my book for something, different, excting, deliciuous, fun, and affordable. It is always packed! We went Monday night at 8:30 and still had to park across the street and wait 30 minutes to be seated.  But, it's worth it.  The funny thing is, I don't even eat the crawfish. I go for the crab! The shrimp and clams are also very good.  This place is really great because you can personalize your selction.  Pick your seafood, pick your sauce, pick your level of spice.  NOTE: They are not kidding around here - SPICY MEANS SPICY.  They put all your grub in a plastic bag and serve it to you tied in a knot.  You can have them add corn, or potatoes insode as well.  I stick to 1 lb. of crab hot n juicy special medium.  I like to get corn on the cob thrown in there, plus order some sausage on the side. Rolls are a must to soak up the rest of that garlic butter infused seafood juice.The service isn't that great but isn't that always the case for the best grub.  Strap on your bib, and get ready for your lips to burn, your nose to run, and your beer to slip out of your galicky hands.
5	Super busy but worth the wait. The only downside is the fact that your clothes and hands will smell like old bay seasoning for a few days. Visited while on vacation and I couldnt wear those jeans again for the weekend... BUT the food was GREAT!!!!!!!!!
3	I wanted to avoid the overpriced Vegas strip restaurants during this most recent visit so I decided to check out some eateries off the beaten path.  I love crawfish and I'm a huge Boiling Crab and was very excited to check this place out, especially after all the positive reviews.The ambiance was cool and laid back, and the staff was actually very helpful and accommodating.  The better half and I decided to each do 2 lbs of crawfish, both in the hot n juicy flavor but mine in medium spice and hers in spicy.  We also split a side of fried calamari.The amount of food we ordered was actually dead on and the calamari added a nice contrast to the crawfish.  The crawfish, however, was just okay.  Perhaps my expectations were too high but as other reviewers have mentioned, there's something off about the flavor.  It was a bit bland, even though I could see tons of garlic on every single crawfish.  Dipping it in the lime w/salt, pepper and chili powder helped a little but the flavoring was still a bit lacking.All in all, it was an okay meal.  Would I come back?  Probably not but it was a nice alternative to food on the strip.
4	This is a recent discovery of mine. It's hard to find a good place that only does seafood, and not just with the plain old butter. As many of stated, you will be expected to get your hands dirty at this place, however they do offer bibs and gloves if needed. And if seeing shrimp with their heads on scares you, then this is not the place for you.  I'm not a big crawfish fan, I just stick to my regular choice when I come here, Hot & Juicy style, Mild, 1 lb of shrimp with corn & sausage with a bowl of rice on the side. It comes to less than$15 total before tax & tips. It is cheap considering it's fresh and well-seasoned seafood!The only down side I would say is the parking as many have mentioned here. I was lucky couple times and found a spot in their little strip mall parking lot. But other times I had to park in Church's Chicken lot because all the side streets were taken. And throughout dinner I was nervous that my car would get towed, but luckily it didn't. So my suggestion is carpool, go early if you can! Otherwise if you have a big party and go later, be expected to wait at least 30~45 min at least.
5	holy sh*t, i love this place.!!  literally, sh*t... frankly, having this as one of my favorite digs defies common logic as i KNOW eating here will make me sh*t like crazy later.!*NOTE this is the same review for their new restaurant.   the only difference is layout.   the service, price, and quality of food does not diminish from one place to the other.TIME SPENTonce a week @ Lunch/Dinner times.LAYOUTHJnC seems to be a chain and, for Vegas, this location is the older of the two found in Chinatown.   unlike their newest store, this location has more of a "dive-in" look.   it's an open space look with squared tables and 2/3 half moon shaped booth seating towards the back.   i've stopped coming to this location ever since the new one opened, but i recall the VERY long lines to get in.   they have a couple of seats to help with the waiting inside, but those fill up quick, and so it leads to many customers sitting around randomly (sp.?) outside.also note that ths location has LIMITED parking.!   customers tend to park around a adjacent neighborhood or at the shopping center over (tow warning).this issue may be gone with the new store opening...   but, garunteed - HJnC is always crowded nonetheles.^^SERVICEno matter which HnJC you're at, the service is OUTSTANDING.   people are cheerful and conversational.   not only do servers ask what you need, but EVERYONE who works there will also eventually ask what you need.FOODthere's an arguement here on how good the food is.   as i rave about the taste, my southern friends disagree that it's better back home.^^;my one CON is the Snow Crab's "freshness" being on par with local buffet quality.   i found the shell soft and flavor off (sauce saves it).    you are basicly paying $16 a 1ib for something you can pay $24 and eat without limit at a buffet ($15 @ Rio's World Buffet as a local).i have ALOT of friends who don't like shellfish, so can recommend their sweet-potato fries, shrimp etouffe (sp.?), battered shrimp, and battered catfish as alternate foods...  all of which, i don't order, but highly enjoy stealing from those who do.^^PRICINGon average, i eat 6-8ibs of various items (crawfish, clams, snow crab) which normally run $50-$80.   i've had friends do 1-2 ibs of things and spend $20ish...  maybe that'll give you a rough idea.CLOSINGHnJC will leave you with a lasting impression.  the service and welcoming you recieve there make it feel like you're eating at home with friends.   it also doesn't hurt that all the waitresses are gorgeous to boot.^^   it's as if they the catalogue of Suicide Girls were waitressing the establishment.!TIPS1.  SAUCES: please don't bother with getting anything under SPICEY.   the seafood just tastes bland otherwise.    EXTRA SPICEY will make you cry.2.  Wear clothes u don't care about so you don't have to wear those ridiculous looking bibs...  some people go as far as wearing hamburger helper gloves to eat.!   please save yourself the embarrassment of looking stupid.3.  i like to save whatever sauces is left over and pour them into one bag to go.   i know - it sounds YUCK...  but the sauce is great with everything you cook.   Omelletes (sp.?), over dry noodles with egg, etc.
3	I wanted to celebrate my friends birthday on my day off so I decided to treat her and her fiance to some Hot and Juicy Crawfish.  I grew up in so cal where Boiling Crab reigns supreme, and after moving to Vegas I've had an empty void that needed filling.  I saw the Man vs Food episode and I've read the reviews before stepping in, So I came in excited, hungry and craving crawfish.   Between the 3 of us this is what we ordered. dozen raw oysters, catfish basket, 2# shrimp hot n juicy special very spicy with corn and sausage, and 1# crawfish hot n juicy special medium spicy.The only complaint about the service was that our raw oysters, which should have been the first thing to come out, showed up on the table last.Raw Oysters- accompanied by cocktail sauce, lemons, horse radish and tabasco.  I'm a big fan of oysters and these were decent in size (comparable to hama hama), but without any accompaniments they were very bland.  Oysters are suppose to taste like the sea, but these were washed so much they tasted watery and flavorless.  Catfish basket- breaded in a cornmeal crust served over a bed of french fries and accompanied by ketchup and tartar sauce.  Personally I'm not a big fan of cornmeal breading, but I can't really hold that against the establishment and their recipe.  Catfish was moist and flaky and had a hint of cayenne which perfected the "Southern" flavor.  I actually enjoyed this the most.  Shrimp hot n juicy special very spicy-  We ordered this with corn and sausage, both of which were awesome.  the corn was sweet and complimented the spice well. the sausage was spicy and tender and added a bold meaty flavor to the sauce for the shrimp.  the "hot n juicy special" sauce isn't as flavorful as I expected, and the "very spicy" here is comparable to  "medium spicy" at Boiling Crab.  But the flavor was decent and the shrimp themselves were "okay".  Not the freshest shrimp I've ever had but they weren't rotten or anything, but what can you really expect in the middle of the desert? Crawfish hot n juicy special medium spicy-  I'm debating whether or not I should even review this item just because I should have known better than to order this when I already know that crawfish is out of season at this time.  Needless to say we received a previously frozen, bland, rubbery product.  So I'm just going to comment on the sauce, which was the same on the shrimp, but this had significantly less flavor.  Perhaps, more spicy=more flavor, or it could be that there wasn't sausage and corn in this bag to add to the flavor.  Maybe I'm being a bit unfair because I'm comparing this establishment to Boiling Crab.  However the food was decent and a better alternative to a lot of other restaurants I've been to in Vegas.  If I was asked to come here again, I would, but I don't see myself CRAVING Hot and Juicy Crawfish like I do for Boiling Crab.  I guess my best advice is if you're a Boiling Crab fan don't expect too much out of this place.  if you're just looking to satisfy a seafood craving this would be a good supplement while you're out in the middle of the desert.
5	Wow! This is one of the best restaurants to go for in Vegas. I actually live here in las vegas but has never gone to this place until today. I can't believe I'm missing out on all this crazy goodness. This place is simply the bomb!We got each a pound of shrimp and crawfish and man was that good. The shrimp was absolutely to die for and the crawfish is just so so. The shrimp was big and juicy and really easy to peel but the crawsfish was pretty small and hard to peel. We got garlic butter as the seasoning and it really complimented the spicyness. One thing, they take spicy seriously.. Our food had a less mild mix and I thought it was already really spicy. Can't really eat them without rice in my opinion. I recommend ordering their sausage too. It was very yummy with their garlic butter seasoning. However, get ready to wait in line before getting seated cause this place tends to get really crowded.In other words, this place is really the sh*t!! I would go back here soon... very soon... Amazing place! go go go try this joint out!
5	It is so delicious that you can't stop.
5	I am incredibly glad that we came here during my first trip to Vegas and didn't even have to wait.It is a very busy place and we had at least two people serving us.  My sister and I shared 4 lbs of the Hot N Juicy flavour medium, as well as a bowl of white rice.  Amazing.  Seriously.  The crawfish were fresh and delicious.  The sauce was addictive and I poured some on the rice.  We could have gone hotter and probably will next time.  And $3 beers?  Yay!  I tried a shrimp, which was cooked perfectly.  The Cajun fries unfortunately was lost on me since my mouth was so full of the crawfish seasoning.  Everything was pronounced very tasty and it was fun getting dirty.The price was reasonable and we made plans to come back for lunch in two days.  Unfortunately, we didn't make it and I will just have to drive down to DC instead.  Go here and you will not be disappointed.  Definitely worth the trip off the strip.
5	Got the Spicy Crawfish Hot n Juicy style 2 pounds.... Loved it, so much flavor cant wait to go back and try the crab legs and shrimp.
4	After watching bloated food-sack Adam Richman wolf down some crawfish here on his Food TV show, I knew I had to make a stop next time I was in town. I also feel obligated as a former New Englander who was practically weaned on shellfish. I was instantly hit with a strong aroma when I walked in the door - a mixture of all the delectable seasonings & sauces on tap with a heavy dose of steamed seafood. If they made a candle for this scent, I'd have it in every room. The waitress gave us the low down on the menu, advising that you order by the pound and the most common order was seasoned with their hot & juicy seasoning with medium heat. I ordered a pound of crawfish hot & juicy with medium heat. I would've gone hotter, but I obviously wasn't familiar with what they consider hot yet, and nothing can ruin a potentially tasty meal more than ordering it too hot and searing your tongue off. The waitress said that a pound of crawfish is more of an appetizer than a meal - and she was right - but I was on a food binge, so I didn't need to overstuff myself. I just want a sample of the goods. They drop the order off at your table in a nondescript plastic bag. I ordered an ear of corn and had it thrown in the bag, which I highly recommend because it soaks up all the juices and - honestly - it was so good I wanted to eat a dozen more. The crawfish were delicious, but I think it's too much work for too little payoff. You hardly get any meat out of them, and unless you really know what to crack open and where, you might miss out on some extra morsels. I found that the younger crawfish still had very tender shells, so I'd just scarf those down whole. The rest I ate the tails off, then mutilated their corpses and made finger puppets out of the carapaces. I'm definitely coming back here with the intention of making a full meal out of it. The market prices weren't too bad - crawfish was $9.99/lb - and I still need to try the lobster and clams, two of my all-time favorite foods. The staff was helpful to a noob like me, and they get the food out fast. Bonus points: I got a bib with a lobster on it.
5	Again, another great off strip foodie find.  I dined here on 9/4/11 with my hubby and his brother and cousins.  We got here around 8:45PM and this place was jammed packed with people inside the restaurant and people waiting outside the restaurant.  We had to wait a good 30-45 minutes before we were actually seated.  Staff awesome and helpful.  While we were waiting outside in the desert heat, the hostess came out and served us all ice waters, which was a really nice gesture knowing that it was hot and we were all waiting patiently for a table.  OMG, food here is fantastic!!  Everyone in my party loved the crawfish and shrimp.  We ordered both crawfish and shrimp in their Hot N Juicy Special seasoning.  It was amazing!!!!!  We also ordered crawfish and shrimp in their garlic butter sauce.  So good!!!!  My brother in law said that this place was way better than Boiling Crab and had better prices too!  They had really delicious Cajun fries and their catfish and chicken wings are very tasty goodie too!  The Cajun fries were spicy and can sneak up on you!  :)TIP:  Parking is limited, you may need to park on the street.  Try to get there as early as possible as this place gets crazy busy!!!!
5	Great place if you like it hot n spicy!!!  I ordered fresh oysters on a half shell which was great served over a platter of ice.  The fried catfish was great but I would probably not do the fried shrimp with it breaded.  The shrimp without the breading would probably be best.  Overall it was packed in there and the food was great!!!  I would definitely come back again and its perfect for small groups!
4	Love the quick service, casual atmosphere and the food is so very very yummy. We were on vacation this past weekend and we took a chance after seeing it on Man vs. Food. So good.Even my super picky 3 year old loved it. He polished off 1/2 a pound of crawfish himself. Try it  and you will not go away feeling hungry.
4	This place looked so good on MVF, I had to come here and try it. There's two Hot N Juicy Crawfish restaurants less than a mile from each other. The cab driver was a little confused too,  but he said this one was the one that he drops everyone off at. First off, the servers are very friendly. They might not have been very quick to get our food order or remember to bring everything, but they were all super nice. There were 6 of us in the group and we decided to order by pairs. It's hard to not share and hard to share with the entire group. You'll see it gets really messy and there's no way of passing things around the table. So the easiest way to eat is to share with the person next to you or across from you. We ordered the shrimp, crawfish (of course), clams, and king crab legs. You also get a choice of sauce and spiciness. Everyone ordered the hot n juicy sauce (a mix of 3 of the choices). I usually eat my Thai food 4 stars and ordered medium spiciness. It was pretty good for me, although I could have used a little more spice. It might be too spicy for people that don't eat hot foods. The food comes out in bags and you just dig in with your hands. There's bibs and gloves for everyone (highly recommended). I loved the clams and shrimp. The crab legs didn't have much flavor. The crawfish were just a pain in the ass- a lot of work for nothing. I would probably skip that next time. In fact, everyone in our group was saying how great the food was- EXCEPT for the pain-in-the-ass crawfish :) I would highly recommend this place. The food is good, service is great, and the atmosphere is so much fun. And prices were not bad if you're used to the astronomical prices on the Strip.
5	Some of the Best seafood around. "Garlic & Butter" anything! Scrumptious to say the least. Go H&J!
3	Hot N Juicy is pretty good. I had a pound of shrimp with the Hot N Juicy special sauce (which I guess is a combo of all the sauce flavors). The shrimp was slightly overcooked which made them hard to peel, but the flavor of the sauce was excellent!I'm from Cali and I am a big fan of The Boiling Crab so the sauce is up there with Boiling Crab's whole shabang. My one complaint about the sauce would be that it was too watery/thin and it didn't stick to the shrimp very well.I also had the cajun fries and it wasn't my favorite as I've had better elsewhere.I hear they are opening a Boiling Crab out here in Vegas but until then, I'll probably be back if I ever have a craving.
4	I got this recommendation from a Las Vegas Hoya!  What a great recommendation it was.  I have seen this place recently near Woodley Park on Connecticut Avenue in Washington, D.C.  I have to pay it a visit.  This place is worthy of All-Madden status.  Crab Legs with a delicious blend of Cajun and Creole spices in a bag.  It does not get much better than this.  The crawfish etoufee appetizer is wonderful--more like a soup than the traditional etoufee I am used to.  I had the stone crab legs which were wonderful, but I think the King Crab legs are the best.  This is not a place you would see Rachel Ray at, but I love it!  Thanks to the Las Vegas Hoyas!  We are Georgetown!
5	I've driven past this place about 50 times, thinking..."I wonder if it's any good or am I going to be sick as a dog after I throw my money away?"  I am more than happy to say this place is awesome.  It's also packed!  Lot's of spice choices on the menu, lot's of variety of mud-bugs, crustaceans, shellfsh and such.  Also lots of sides, in Southern Style.  It can be messy, so if you take a date here make sure it's like your guys 20th date or so.  Because your hands are going to be covered in hot spices (even with the gloves) and it's a pretty messy/smelly affair, great...but messy.  I never tried it at the other location but I was more than pleased with this one.  The wait staff is awesome, more than willing to make sure you are okay and need anything, they are on top of it, even if they aren't your server they are checking on everyone.  If you have been wishy-washy in the past, don't dally any longer, this place rocks!
5	Dear miss manners:  I was invited to this place to eat crawfish. I had never tried crawfish before so I was not aware of the intense labor that is required to eat these little creatures. But it's ok because at the end you are rewarded with lots of flavor.  It was so messy I had to wear a bib, and the only way to eat them was using nothing but your fingers! I had to put aside everything my mother had taught me on table etiquette.  I have to admit that I had a wonderful time. This place is awesome. The food the service and the ambiance were exceptionally good. Everyone seems to be having a wonderful time! Can't wait to come back and try other things. Like the shrimp the crab legs or the oysters!  My question is.... Is it bad when you like something so much to the point of licking the juices of the fingers? Even if the fingers are those of your friends?
5	In Hawaii, you get shrimp trucks. In Vegas, you get Hot N Juicy Crawfish!This place is amazing! You order a pound (or five) of whatever seafood you want in whatever sauce you want and they bring it to you in a plastic bag so you can get your hands dirty! Oh, and it gets messy (but don't worry, they have a bib for that).This place is pretty packed and there's a wait, but it's worth it. There are many types of seafood to choose from (shrimp, crab, crawfish, etc) as well as seasonings and the level of spice you want. Hot N Juicy Special was the best. The price is relatively low, the shrimps were decently sized, and the service was excellent. If you don't want to get your fingers dirty, you can always ask for gloves (but where's the fun in that). Also, remember to add Cajun fries and a side of rice (if you're local like me)!Since there's no place like this back home, I'm going to have to try replicating this in my kitchen. :)
5	OMG!! this place is a MUST MUST MUST. Featured on Man v. Food. I was never a big seafood person till I ate here. crawfish, shrimp, oyster, crab in lemon pepper medium heat
5	Hawt n' Joosay!The name really says it all for this place.  The sauce is hot, the food is juicy.  Get a garbage bag of food and tap into your inner caveman.  Most crawfish joints do kind of the same thing but the variations in the sauces make them different.  What sets this place apart is they use the sichuan pepper (i think) which leaves your mouth a little numb but taste great and creates a unique spiciness.  As far as the items to order Ive had most of the menu but here are my suggestions.King Crab Legs  - Hands down the item to get.  Huge chunks of crab with little effort.  You just have to know how to use the little plastic claw tool.  Use one side to make a crack then the other to slice through like scissors through paper.  Ask your server if you need help.  Don't be afraid of the price these are well worth it, trust me you wont be sorry.  Shrimp - If your not going big with the crab legs then these are the best bang for your buck.  Best meat to price ratio and easy to eat.Corn - Soaks up the sauce like a sponge.  Make room in your gut for this.  Don't Sleep! Fries - Regular or Sweet Potato are both tasty and good sharing choices to break up all the buttery spice from the seafood.Sauce - I prefer the everything mix or whatever they call it here.  I also prefer extra spicy which I wouldn't suggest for most people.  Even spicy has a kick to it.They can handle large groups and there is a second one down the street if this one is full.
4	I came here bc of ADAM RICHMAN.Adam's been pretty spot on on some of his food tasting adventures. Theres this one fried catfish locale in OK that was GREAT. Ike's in SF was amazing. so of course I had to go try his places in vegas. I've only ever had fried crawfish before in tn, so this was my first live crawfish place. Everybody said the spiciness was spicy, and as a non spicy eater, I took the mild (a little bit spicy). However, it wasn't spicy to me at all. so i think everything is a lil overhyped. The crawfish was Good! It was dfeinitely an experience. they give you these cute little bibs to put on, and the crawfish come out in a plastic bag for each customer. You order by the lb, and 1 lb/per customer is definitely enough. On the other hand, the CORN is great!!! omg i love the corn that comes in with the bag. its really great. I only give it 4/5 stars bc the crawfish were good, but not AMAZING. I will have to say adam richman, this was a bit of a disappointment but I think I went in with super high expectations. (i also like everything fried, literally everything i eat i love it fried, so the fact that it wasn't fried i think deducted 0.5 stars)But in the end, its a good place! i would definitely recommend. I've been to new orleans before and had authentic seafood there, and it had a very similar authentic taste.(Also surprised at the cheapness of the bill)
5	It's all about the Hot and Juicy special sauce! spicy please!     I came here a few weeks ago on a visit to Vegas and had to hit up Hot N Juicy Crawfish for shrimp, crawfish, and snow crab.  I was only in Vegas for two days and I went there twice!  I like the different variations of seafood they have at this place.        It was a little crowded when I got there, but only 30 mins or so.  After getting seated I already knew what I wanted, so I ordered the hot juicy special snowcrab, crawfish, and shrimp.  I put my bib on and waited for my order with my ice cold heineken.  Once the food got there I went to town with it.         I love the idea of using my hands to man handle the food.  Good stuff, definitely worth the trip if your ever in Las Vegas...forget the buffets.  Hot N Juicy crawfish is where you wanna be.
1	Hate to rate sooo low but honestly, if there was a choice to put zero stars, I would.Went today...craving crawfish...was told because crawfish out of season, they had only frozen or live brown crawfish.I never had either so I asked the waiter to give me a suggestion.  She shrugged and said many customers take the frozen.  Decided 1 lb of frozen and 1 lb of brown....this was the worst food I have ever tasted!!!!!!!!   So I told waiter to take back the frozen (only ate 2 pieces) because it was nasty and give me a lb of shrimp instead.Shrimp sucked too!  and worst of all, i got charged 6.99 for the two pieces of crawfish I ate, which I almost gagged on.So, I gave zero tip!  For those of you trying to compare Boiling Crab to Hot N Juicy, my suggestion, wait for BC to open up here.  Should be soon.  I live in Las Vegas and am telling you to SAVE YOUR $$$$$
4	Very good cajun fixin!  As soon as my wife & I landed in Las Vegas, we went straight to Hot N Juicy Crawfish and it was off da hook!!!  You'll love the entire experience here, the entire staff greets you when you come in and all of the waiters are always checking up on you (GREAT SERVICE!!!).Now, on to the food.  We ordered the 2lbs. of Crawfish special (Garlic Butter & Hot N Juicy Special "Spicy"), cajun fries, hot rolls and Etouffee.  I've been to New Orleans and always loved Cajun/Creole food, but this place definately helps get your craving fixed in a hurry.  I absolutely loved the Etouffee and craved it everyday that I was there.  After trying Hot N Juicy, it will be a ritual to go straight here from the Airport once we arrive.
4	No Plates no silverware. I love Crawfish one way hot and spicy. I have been to Hot N Juicy Twice enjoyed the meal both times. It is a dinner that goes great with a beer. Always get corn and a potato that makes it a meal. Greg
4	I'm a fan for sure. There aren't that many places in Vegas where you can dig into a sack of crawfish, so Hot & Juicy definitely sets themselves apart. We had oysters, crawfish, shrimp, sweet potato fries, and chicken fingers (for the non-seafood eater). The oysters were good, nothing special. I really enjoyed the lemon pepper sauce on the shrimp. The crawfish were awesome - pretty spicy and we only got medium! I didn't try the chicken fingers, but I can imagine...Prices are reasonable, service was good, atmosphere is bustling, like it should be.
4	Wow, prepared to be blown away by the intense flavors that are this casual eatery's signature.  We ordered several pounds of crawfish (hot & juicy, mild), shrimp (hot & juicy, mild), chicken wings, and snow crab.  We also had sides of rice and creole fries.  Even though we ordered mild, these crawfish really pack some heat and a lot of garlicky goodness.The corn that comes in the bag is so saturated with the yummy sauce, and I wish there were more corn cobs in the bag.  I also wish I had some bread to sop up all the sauce.I actually enjoyed the shrimp and snow crab more than I did the crawfish, probably because there's more meat and the shell is easier to peel.This is a place where you get down and dirty, bibs and all (gloves optional).  Really fun and worth checking out.
5	I've dined here three times so I know the drill.1. Skip the crawfish and go for the shrimp. Crawfish is way too much work for that tiny piece of meat! I've had the crab legs as well and didn't think they were worth the price.2. Order Hot n Juicy sauce mild or medium. The mild used to be pretty spicy but last time I was there, it wasn't as hot. Did they change their ratio of seasonings?3. The catfish is the bomb.com! The cornbread coating was crispy and not oily at all.4. It gets messy but that's part of the experience. They even give you a cute little bib.What really impressed me was my server the last time I was there. I forget her name but she was such a sweetheart. She took the time to explain the menu to my friends and she was very patient. Keep up the good work guys.
4	good heavens... we had a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, and a pound of snow crab legs... everything was amazing... we had the Hot N Juicy sauce, medium spicy... it was unbelievable...i've been to boiling crab (which i love) and other similar type places... and hands down, hot n' juicy is the best.  ALWAYS a must for me whenever i'm in sin city.
4	I was lounging on the couch and was watching Man vs. Food. Okay, this pique my curiosity about crawfish. So, what happens when you're in vegas for a bachelor's party for a few days? We ended up at Hot N Juicy. We were seated soon. But as we sat there, the dinner rush hour started to near and the line has gotten long. There was even a waiting list. We ordered 2 lb of crawfish with extra corn and lobster. The crawfish was good. But it was alot of work for such little meat. The lobster was a little more expensive but it was so worth it. There was so much meat, we didn't have to spend too much time getting to the succulent meat. The dinner rolls came to us warm. Too bad it took 2 bites and it was gone. Even though it was good, but being spoiled by my regular spot in Portland, Oregon, I really can't say it's THAT good as My Brother's Crawfish.
4	#las vegas #Crawfish Well, like many other reviewers me and my wife brother in law and his wife had to stop here to eat. We once saw it on FoodNetWork and wanted to try it. We all ordered a the famous Crawfish of course in all their flavor's that they had to offer, but "the spicy" stay away from it! it really is super HOT!!!We also ordered their 5ib Lobster because we wanted to try it and it was great as well. All their food items were made Fresh, Fast, and Delicious as  well.  Me and my Brother in law had few beers along too. The price and services were Awesome! The dude that works there was super FUNNY! and very helpful too. Even though he was busy he still gave us the time to look through out the menu... So go ahead of time and get their early because the place is PACKED and super busy all day long! A+ i WOULD love to go back again and again every chance I get! But dress easy it will be messy and dirty! lol fun place to eat at....
4	I will keep this nice & sweet.... There is NO BETTER EATING IN LAS VEGAS, other than a buffet!This is the BEST Crawfish and seafood I've had at fair prices in too long.The smell & food is better than sex... Maybe not sex, but it is almost there!
5	I can't understand why this place doesn't have an across the board five star review. A local friend of mine took me here for lunch so I wasn't really expecting anything. Wow. I had a pound of their snow crab legs (plus corn and potato) in their very spicy sauce. It was amazing. The entire meal comes in a plastic bag, good thing I put on the bib! If I had a straw I would drink the rest of the sauce with it! If I had to complain about anything it would have to be that my very spicy sauce wasn't very spicy, actually pretty mild. I am going to assume I got the wrong sauce because I was told it was going to be overwhelming. The sauce was a perfect blend of sweet, spice, and buttery garlic goodness. The corn and potato were mixed right in with the rest of the meal (yes in the plastic bag), If I hadn't been with a local I wouldn't have know to order this. I travel to Vegas often enough that this will definitely become my favorite place to go for lunch.
5	I have been craving crawfish since I dined here over Labor Day weekend. We were in Vegas for my sisters birthday and if you know anything about me and my sister is that we love food.  Our trip was planned around where we would be eating the entire time.  That's how we roll.We came here on a Friday night and luckily got seated right away.  We had heard of long long wait times so we planned on coming earlier than later.  Once seated, we looked at the menu and ordered up our meal.  4lbs of Hot and Juicy crawfish for my sister and me, oysters for me and the hubs and he and my brother in law ordered shrimp.Although the service was slow, the food was not.  They were brought to us in plastic bags all steaming and full of flavor.  The crawfish were ah-mazing.  They were so hot to the touch that I didn't care if my tongue got burnt. I could not get enough of them.  The seasoning was addicting and wanted to have it on everything.  The boys were done eating before sis and I even really got started.  We can put a lot back.Come here.  Don't walk. Run.  Or drive since its off the strip.  You will thank me.  But just a warning, your clothes will smell like the food.  It's that potent.
5	Whenever we're in Vegas, Hot & Juicy Crawfish is always on our to do list.  In fact, yesterday when I flew in to Vegas, it was my first stop after getting my rental car.  Besides, what's not to love about food served in a plastic bag with rolls of paper towels on the table right?My friend ordered a pound of Garlic Butter shrimp, a pound of Garlic Butter crawfish, an I ordered my usual Hot & Juicy special shrimp, medium.  That would be the only thing I would warn you about is the spice level.  I like spicy food and even the medium makes me think twice sometimes.  The flavor is a perfect balance of heat, spices, garlic, butter and just awesomeness.  I hope to go one more time before I leave.
5	YOU FUCKING OWN The Boiling Crab! Haha. I had this the same week I had boiling crab and I totally noticed the difference. OMG, the sauce here is AMAZING. I usually just order the shrimp-- sooo goood. And don't forget to order a side of sweet potato fries!!! MMM MMM! Not a fan of crawfish even though that's what the restaurant is known for. Funny thing, I saw this place on Man vs. Food-- the owner is Asian, yet the food is Cajun/Creole...HMM. OH WELLS- it's still AMAZING!
4	There are two of these on the same road, so I'm not sure which we went to. I'm not a huge crawfish fan, but my girlfriend is a fanatic. She ate three pounds of the little bugs! The service was fast and friendly, the place smells amazing, and the food was great. I recommend the Hot and Juicy special seasoning, it was all buttery and garlicky, two of the best things on the planet if you ask me. The girlfriend was a little sad that crawfish was out of season, but she said the frozen ones were almost as good as the fresh, and they were a lot cheaper too!
4	Saw this restaurant on the Travel Channel and had to try when we're in Vegas.  It was amazing!  First time trying crawfish so I can't compare but I wasn't impressed, we also had the shrimp, king crab and calamari...all were amazing!  The mild had a kick to it but I loved it.  Definitely would go back!  Only wished they opened a little earlier...11?
1	STAY away from the Dungeness crab.  They claim its fresh but they are actually recooking cooked crabs.  The meat was mushy upon opening so we complained and received another new crab. It was however the same mushy and spoiled crab.  Other than that everything else was fine.
5	SCREW THE CASINOS, CLUBS, AND BUFFETS!!  Vegas is good for ONLY ONE thing and that's Hot N Juicy Crawfish!This is by far (and don't worry I edit) the BEST crawfish shack I've ever grubbed at.  The crawfish is literally piping HOT and JUICY.  I ordered the house seasoning, which was finger-licking-good!  There are two bummers though-- one, it's pricey &  two, it gets packed.  Of all the things to gamble on, this is a sure bet! ;)FYI-All the fancy pants eaters have been forewarned because this place is for those that aren't afraid of getting nitty-gritty with their food!
4	Again, yelp pointed me towards this gem.  The waitress was kind enough to warn us that the crawfish was out of season before we ordered it so it would all be frozen.  She also walked us through the menu.  The only complaint I have was when we asked us about mild spice vs. no spice for my daughter's crawdads order.  She said mild wasn't too spicy so we ordered it and it ended up not being very "mild" at all.  We ordered a new batch with no spice and she "reminded" us that the mild was kind of spicy, which was not what she actually said but who cares!  The food was pretty awesome and I didn't go there to argue so I pressed!  I also ordered the fried soft shell crab with cajun fries and it was very tasty.  The fries were pretty good!  Get ready to put your plastic bib on and dig in!  Overall, very good food and I would definitely check it out again.
2	I hate to give this place 2 stars because of a server's fault. The last time I was there, our server placed the wrong order for our table.I ordered two different flavors of shrimp with one pound each. But the server somehow only heard one flavor. Everyone else in my table heard that I ordered two flavors. It's fine when someone makes a mistake. It could happen to anyone. But, he insisted that he was not wrong. Instead of apologizing, he actually offered me to order another pound of shrimp of the flavor I want. Really?? Is he trying to upsell me another pound of shrimp in this situation? Or is he just too afraid to admit that he had made a mistake. Maybe he afraid that his manager will say something to him.  Maybe it was my fault that I didn't say it clear enough. Or maybe he is just not taking our orders seriously. Regardless of who is wrong or right, he shouldn't act so unprofessional. I was not that mad until how he handled this situation. Luckily all other servers were really nice. Food was good as usual.
5	Extra Spicy Hot n Juicy is the way to go!! Good stuff...took the sauce home and ate bread with it..ridiculously awesome!!!
3	I tried this place because I was in the area and saw it on Man vs Food.  I really wanted to taste their famous crawfish but the waitress said they're not in season and that the shrimp would be a good choice.  I went with the Hot n Juicy mild shrimp but it was too mild for my taste.  There was no kick in it.   The waitress wasn't much help even after telling her it was my first time there.  All I got a was a bag of shrimp, that's it.  I wasn't asked if I wanted any kind of sides or anything.
5	We are frequent visitors to Las Vegas and have really started to find our way around the place.  When we saw HNJC on Man v. Food we were excited to try a new "locals" place.When you walk in you start drooling right away, the aromas coming out of the kitchen permeate the whole restaurant and it is awesome!Every time we go to LV now the kids want to go to HNJC and so do I!  You will get messy and you'll smell like HNJC for a while after you leave.  We always order the Hot n Juicy mild crawfish.  We all love spicy food but they aren't kidding when they say the mild is pretty hot.  My husband, 13 year old, and I can stand the medium but our 10 year old can't.  That's ok though because the mild has more than enough spice and we'd probably prefer it anyway.Sometimes we get the shrimp, it is very tasty and just as messy as the crawfish.  I prefer the HotNJuicy medium for shrimp.We had the king crab once, it was fabulous.We've tried most of the flavors but now always go with the HotNJuicy Special.
5	Love. Love. Love this place. I honestly think it's better than Boiling Crab, you don't have to deal with the ridiculously long wait time, and it's cheaper here. I didn't try their crawfish, which they are known for, as I think it's too much of a hassle for such a small portion of meat. We did get the snow crabs (so tender), the shrimp (big chunk of meat), clams (juicy), and the corn. The corn is really good, being soaked up in all the goodness of juice/sauce. Then combine all that salty food, and down it with Corona and lime, that's a damn good meal!
4	Fearful of the crowds of people who flock here due to their popularity, hubby and I booked it here on Friday evening around 5:50pm.  I'm so glad we did!  By the time we left, there were tons of people waiting.Service was good, though not always available.  When we wanted to add a pound of shrimp, I had to send hubby up to the cash register to place the order.Normally, when we go out with friends to other crawfish places, we get (insert house spice here)-Medium.  Because this was hubby's choice/birthday weekend, I let him order mild.  As it turns out, it was delicious!  The sauce was buttery, not greasy and very tasty without the flames on your tongue.We did notice that the seafood was about $1+ more per pound than out here in California but that's understandable given that Las Vegas is kind of far away from the o-chin (Ralphie May fans will get that lol).We enjoyed our meal and have promised to bring our friends back when we return to Las Vegas in about 3 weeks.  All aboard!!!
3	Saw this restaurant on Man vs. Food so wanna give it a try. It's very similar as Boiling Crab. Too bad it's not crawfish season so we didn't order it but the clam and snow crab legs are sooooooo good....We ordered hot n juicy special souse combination with medium spicy. However, the cajun fries is a soso dish....Service...OK. It's a fun place to have barbarian craving fun.
1	While visiting Las Vegas with the family, we had to stop by to visit this place. Having been on Man vs. Food (one of my fav shows), it has gotten much much more exposure. We've waited 40 mins....I was very disappointed. My family was disappointed. I expected more. I've been to The Boiling Crab, and this place doesn't come close. Being charged $9.99/lb for the crawfish, they were disappointedly small. I thought the crawfish were brought in from Louisiana.  The sauce had great taste went really well with white rice. Presentation of the product was not what I expected.... The servers were in very casually clothing but the decor didn't go with the atmosphere. The atmosphere has a sports bar feel but the decor was a lil too formal for me.My husband was disappointed. After we left this place we were still hungry. Disappointingly hungry. Should of had Chinese food instead.This place is over rated.
4	When the crawfish and blue crabs are fresh...they are the most delectable, mouth-watering, delicious dish in the world (wow...it makes me salivate just thinking about it)! If you love crawfish! This is the place! The Hot N Juicy seasoning (the mix of everything) is the best I've ever tasted. I'm a chicken, so I stick to mild...But I didn't give them 5 stars because if the CRAWFISH ARE FROZEN...STAY AWAY! The waitress did warn us...and they were $6.99/lb but my sister was in town for Thanksgiving, and I raved to her about this place. EEEE GADS! We got 5 lbs and they WERE MUSHY! I think my sister complained of a belly ache afterwards. Not me, I have a strong stomach for crawfish...ha ha...We did get a couple pounds of the fresh blue crabs and they were heavenly and the meat sweet and tender!Also, be prepared...IT's MESSY! Make sure you wear a bib. Thank goodness there are plenty of paper towels...I think I used up a whole roll...I highly recommend this place, as long as the crawfish and seafood are fresh! I think between July - September, they are the biggest!!! I'm sure I will be back there in January when they are in season (small...? Who cares...it's still CRAWFISH)!
5	Foods great! Not salty at all and very flavorful! I enjoyed the environment here and the service was great. The food was juicy and the shrimp were huge! I remember seeing this on Man v. Food and passed by it a few times when we were in Vegas, but never really thought I'd stop by and eat. Since a friend of ours recommended it to us we decided to give it a try. No wait to be seated. Server kept coming by to check to see if we were ok even though it was getting busy... I'd give this place 5 stars. Great visit...
1	over rated crapwanted to go bad to this place after i saw man vs food.  Of course they see that it will go on TV and give Adam the biggest and juiciest crawfish but for us we get crappy tiny crawfish that were not even fresh.  Most likely they gave us frozen.  Ordered 2 lbs and probably got few ounces of meat only.  The weight of the head and left over skin came out to be 2 lbs.I know they got popular cuz of man vs food.  but they should come out on man vs crapDON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE,  JUST HEAD TO WYNN AND HIT THE BUFFET
5	You're gonna have to get your hand dirty on this one!  I could eat the shrimp here all day.  Go with the Hot N' Juicy Sauce for a veritable taste explosion!  Be sure to supplement whichever shellfish you get with corn or potatoes they are great as well!Your food will come steamed in the sauce in a piping hot plastic bag.  Gloves and bibs are around for those who need them, but that ruins the fun.  We have taken to saving the sauce and bring it home to put over rice the next day...it gets even spicier but is delicious!  This is a "must go" any time your in Sin City!
4	I've wanted to check this place out after watching the Las Vegas episode of Man vs. Food. Not to mention my cousin constantly raves abou this place, so that definitely sparked my interest even more. I didn't wait long because my cousin already had a table before I got there. Ordered a pound and a half of shrimp and a side of french fries. Mmmm good! The only weird thing is they provide clear plastic gloves to wear when you eat the food, I mean for obvious reasons of course! However the gloves are optional. I prefer to use my bare hands! Would I come back? That would be a definite yes!
3	I would give this restaurant a three stars. Don't take me wrong I like Hot N' juicy Crawfish.However,if compare it with The Boiling Crab I prefer the boiling crab to the hot n' juicy crawfish.Why? It is because the boiling crab sauce is a bit more delicious and suit my taste better than the hot n' juicy crawfish.A bowl of rice here served in a small bowl so if you are a big eater it won't be enough. The hot n' juicy and the boiling crab has a similar menu except the boiling crab have gumbo and the hot n' juicy doesn't. However,if you are an alcohol drinker Hot N' Juicy Crawfish has an alcohol license while The Boiling Crab doesn't serve alcohol. I would give this restaurant 3 or 3 1/2 stars.
5	I want to move to Vegas because of this restaurant! I saw this featured on Man VS Food and oh boy, I can sense the goodness emanating from the TV and I made my husband promised to take me there. So one weekend off we went to Vegas, not for the casinos or the shows but for Hot N Juicy and it was worth the 4 hour drive from Temecula! There was a short wait when we went there, we ordered shrimp and crab, sweet potato fried and corn. Me and my husband demolished every bit of the 2 lb shrimp and 1 lb crab. The sauce was delicious and I literally licked my fingers.
4	My recollection of this place is good. They have wonderful crawfish and it's juicy, flavorful, and tasty! The service is good, the waitress was very patient and helpful for my mother and I, who were first timers.Oh, and their andouille sausage and rice, what great sides! My mom loved their catfish. This place was a hit and it looked like it gets crowded pretty quick so.... ! Get there the sooner the better!
3	Imagine Burger King running out of burgers. That's what happened when we went to this highly touted but somewhat hole-in-the-wall joint just outside of the Vegas strip. They didn't have any crawfish, which is what we came for (apparently due to seasonal unavailability...I jokingly told them to rename their restaurant). We didn't travel all this way to leave, so we ordered a pound of shrimp, cajun fries, corn fries, and fried calamari. Don't be surprised if the food is no-frills. Cajun fries were regular fries sprinkled with "cajun" spices. Umm, ok. Nothing to brag about, really. Decently priced, and portions were better than average. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, and neither should you.
2	This place was just OK.  After eating at SO CAL CRAWFISH in California, it's hard to compete.  I just love the flavoring at SO CAL CRAWFISH!  Hot N Juicy Crawfish was.....eh???
3	Only tried their soft shell crab basket and HNJ sauceOverall, it delivered but the batter was a bit salty. The sauce was of a thin consistency so it didn't really pair well with the cajun fries, and it only made the soft shell crab saltier. Would come back (if im in the area) to try the shrimp so I could better compare it with boiling crab.
5	This is a must try place, if your looking for something different and unique this is the place to go. I did enjoy the different atmosphere this restaurant offers.  You gotta get your hands dirty that's the fun part about this. The best is the hot and Juicy special sauce and i did enjoy that more with shrimp than Crawfish and it was just awesome with the dungeons crab, which was a little pricey but that's normal for crab. Its all in the sauce i can eat that sauce with anything, it was also great with bread more than rice. Just try this place i don't think you will be disappointed.
5	I visited Hot N Juicy on Christmas Eve 2011 with my family.  It was the best meal of our stay in Vegas!  It was a "unique" experience and I learned it can be quite a painful one IF the extra hot sauce splatters directly into your eyes ... ouch!!   The meal was reasonably priced and the facility was clean.  I will definitely visit again on my next trip to  Las Vegas!!
5	There used to be no wait here but after Man V. Food highlighted this spot, the wait has gotten to be unbearable at times. I have heard they have another location now to ease the congestion of the crustacean mayhem.The Hot n Juicy Special is the only way to go. I usually get the medium but be prepared to reach for those paper towels to wipe your running nose. It's spicy but not unbearable and the taste of the sauce is still recognized by your palette which I believe makes for a perfect balance. Make sure you get enough corn for each person or you better be ready for the ensuing fight that's going to break out.My first and last stop every time I go to Vegas so you know it's that good.
5	This place gets a crowd, and a big crowd at that. Since the latest competition, Boiling Crab, migrated towards the valley from Southern California we could see that the battle of the rivals are still in order. The question is, who serves the best shrimp?I'll be brutally honest that my point of view is biased because i have yet to taste the savory goodness of Boiling Crab. So until I have tried its savory goodnes, my critic will rest at recommending Hot and Juicy until further notice. Besides the raving hype that Adam Richman did feature Hot and Juicy on man V. Food, I can say that the feshness and the flavor of the seafood here are just to DIE FOR. Literally, you eat all the shrimp and crab you can consume until you fall face first first into a food coma (this my ideal way of leaving this earth). I love the spice and tangy flavor of their famous Hot and Juicy sauce. My first mistake as a first timer is underestimating their love for HOT. So I got the hot flavor of the Hot and Juicy sauce. My mouth was literally burning with fire, and I couldn't enjoy the flavor of the sauce because the spice was taking over my taste buds. So if you are all for an inferno party in your mouth, I'd suggest the Hot  Hot and Juicy sauce.My personal favorite is the less than mild Hot and Juicy sauce with all the right flavors with just the right amount of spice that I can handle baby! (ow ow!) Yes, it may not be on the menu, but there is a less than mild spice. The mild flavor still has a lot of kick in it so beware! I also love the lemon pepper. If you love the tasty combination of citrus, tang, and spice, I would suggest the lemon pepper. It is also the safe zone. A flavor that is sure to satisfy you if you're not sure you're ready to take the risk and commitment of spice.Lastly, this joint is worthy of five stars when you throw a corn in the cob and a potatoe in the plastic shake and bake bag (shake, DON't bake). Soak those bad boys up in that sauce baby, and call that a connection! Its all about good food and experience and when you incorporate the thrill of eating off the table with no utensils or a plate (something your mother told you NEVER to do), you're sure to bring out the dangerous and adventurous side of yourself that you didn't know existed! Its a great place to take a date, especially if you want to test the daring side of them. I will be a long lived patron of Hot and Juicy. Hat tipped to you! :)(Further update when I try my Boiling Crab experience....)
2	They were out of craw fish an hour after opening!! Disappointed!!
3	it's good--but definitely not as good as boiling crab. plus maybe it was just the waitress we had but service really sucked and our waitress gave us attitude and kept messing up our order.
4	I instantly decided to try this place ever since I saw Man vs food on food network. We ordered 2lb of shrimps, 1lb of crawfish, and deep fried calamari. Everything we ordered was really flavorful, fresh and tasty. I love the "hot and juicy" sauce came with shrimps. It made me nonstop eating rice! I felt very guilty after eating so much carb. I think I will only shrimps next time because it's just not worth it to order craw fishes with not much meat in there. Overall, I think this is a fun place to eat with your hands and enjoy very tasty seafood.
4	The food here is good, I enjoyed it! If you're craving "Cajun" style seafood this is your place to go. What I liked: - Hot N Juicy special seasoning .... this seasoning is really good! MUCH better than The Boiling Crab - Crawfish and Shrimp- Oysters were pretty good, although I got a stomach ache about 10 minutes later (could have been from something else for all we know, or just how my body reacts to oysters)What I didn't like: - Service: I guess they need more waiters during the daytime or early evenings? It just wasn' that "great". I would definitely come here again!
5	Love this place!
3	This is the third or so Crawfish restaurant I've been to. I've come to the realization that the effort required to enjoy these puppies is not worth it for me. :| The seasoning of the crawfish was nice (hot 'n juicy), although I enjoyed eating the shrimp more... maybe because there's more meat in the shrimp!? The restaurant got pretty busy, and I can easily see a wait being possible. If you head in around 6 or so, you shouldn't have a problem getting a table.
4	I am a big fan of seafood and mixed with spices and garlic just make Hot N Juicy my kind of restaurant. I was a bit of a doubter at first since I came from Southern CA and was used to Boiling Crab (which has since made its way to the Las Vegas valley). I have yet to try the LV Boiling Crab, but I am a fan of Hot N Juicy. The sauce is a bit different than Boiling Crab, but has a lot of flavor and you can definitely enjoy it. My usual order consists of shrimp and Alaskan king crab legs in the Hot N Juicy special sauce (which is basically all the sauces combined together - extra garlic please!) at the spicy level. Note - extra spicy is really really hot, almost too hot to be enjoyable. I have also had their lobster tails and other crabs. I'm not a huge fan of crawfish since its a lot of work for a little meat, but a lot of other people enjoy it here. Be prepared for a messy meal as this is a eat with your hands kind of place since you have to peel most everything. Its usually fun to see who can make the biggest pile of shells!I've also had the deep fried soft shell crab with fries and the oysters - both are really good and the oysters were fresh. This is definitely a place that I will frequent and also bring friends to from out of town. I will see how the new LV Boiling Crab compares, but for now, you can find me at Hot N Juicy!
4	I'm a BIG crawfish fan back at home in Norcal, so coming here I was ready to try Vegas crawfish. I came with a party of 14 and surprisingly got seated right away. Service was kind of slow, we literally had to flag down the waitress to ask for gloves and more lemons. Then when the bill came out there was a minor mix-up. Anyways the crawfish tastes a lot like Boiling Crab except with a more lemongrass flavor to it. Not bad at all. I deducted 1 star for the dozen raw (and runny) oysters we ordered that tasted gross and not fresh at all. So when you order try to stick to crawfish or else u would get a nasty old oyster taste in your mouth. The shrimp was meaty and juicy just perfectly done. We boxed our leftovers to bring back to our hotel and it still tastes great after we microwave it. Definitely a win!
4	All I can say about this spot is: MMMMMMM Good!!Prices are unbeatable and the food is good!  I take all my loved ones and co workers here every time I'm visiting Sin City!
3	The food is good, fun atmosphere, attentive wait staff. The wife and I tried a pound of crawfish as well as a pound of shrimp. Delicious. The sweet potato fries were crisp, the calamari a bit bland.I get IT, I just don't like IT. I do not enjoy working this hard to feed myself. I do not enjoy how dirty/greasy one gets. I have done this once, I'm good, never again.
5	I've been going to Hot N Juicy for awhile!  Since the first one opened and my friend/coworker Elise introduced me back in 2007 so I figured it's time I write a review.  It's pretty much my main place to go when I'm craving Cajun.  I've been to New Orleans before and dare I say, this is just as good and as authentic!!  The price is decent, I mean it will be at least in the teens for anything, it is seafood.  If it's your first time here then you must get a 2 lbs. bag of craw fish with the Hot N Juicy special flavor mix.
5	Amazing!  Food tastes great and the staff is nice.  Hot and juicy special sauce with the lobster, king crab legs, shrimp, mussels, and clams is the winner.
5	It is exactly what you expect. Don't expect frills, but they have great service and great food. 5 star worthy for that.The only thing is that parking can be hard.
4	I saw the Man vs Food episode featuring this restaurant and had to try it out.  After reading a few Yelp reviews, we ordered a pound each of shrimp and crawfish.  I'm so glad that we did.  Though the crawfish was very good, there was so little meat.  Enter the shrimp, here you get an entire mouthful of sweet flesh for the same effort.  I really liked the special sauce or whatever, but did wish that it saturated the crustaceans better.  We also ordered the etoufee...not a tomato based etoufee, but very good.  It's completely mixed in with the rice so it was almost like a gumbo.  The sweet potato fry were crispy.  All in all, we are very happy with the food.  The next time, we will order more shrimp...so delish.  O, and instead of mild, we'll go all the way.
5	I've eaten at plenty of places that serve pretty much the same kind of food. But this place rocked. I normally order crawfish, but they were out of louisiana crawfish, but  they had crawfish from northern California. VERY smart. They had a backup plan and they succeeded. I mean these suckers were HUGE. Mini lobsters, I'm telling you. Very fresh, flavorful, and so full of meat. Then the clams, they weren't overcooked. They were big, and dare I say it, JUICY. Yummers. Shrimp. Good. Not overcooked, easy to peel and tasted great.  And they've got a second location, which I've been to. And you can always call to see what their inventory is. And if they don't have it earlier in the day, they definitely will by dinner time. Highly highly recommended. This is the spot to go when you're in Vegas. Oh, by the way, I've been here at least 4 times in the past 8 months, and I live in California. This is always a stop.
5	De-fricken-licious. I had never tried crawfish, but I'm a big seafood lover, so I was excited to try it from what is supposedly the best. You order your seafood of choice by the pound and can find the daily market prices on a board by the kitchen. You choose your choice of seasoning and heat level. I went with the Hot N Juicy special and "less than mild." Even at less than mild, the spice level was making my nose run a little bit (I'll admit, I'm a wimp). Service was okay. We had to ask the waitress for a refill after she passed our empty cups several times. I promise, I'm not a snob, but as a waiter myself, if a customer has to remind me for a refill, I'm not exactly doing my job. Anyways, on to the food:Snow crab w/ lemon pepper: Absolutely amazing. I don't know how, but their crab was some of the most moist I've had. Huge chunks were easy to pull out since the meat hadn't dried out. Don't forget to dip your crab meat in whatever seasoning you have. It takes it to the next level.Crawfish w/ Hot N Juicy: Great, but very small. The little bits of meat that you get from each crawfish wasn't very much. As a crawfish newbie, I was surprised, but now I know what I'm in for. If you're here for just crawfish, I'd get at least 2 pounds.Mussels: WOW. Some of the best I've had. I never knew mussels could be so tender! I'm so used to having them dried out/rubbery as they're generally - and unfortunately - cooked.Sides: CORN! Get lots of corn with your seafood of choice. Shake it in the bag, so it gets coated with the seasoning and save it for whenever you're done with your seafood. It will be all sorts of juicy goodness. My only regret: not getting more. The fries and sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked, but beyond that, weren't anything special. Especially if you're trying to eat on a budget, I'd load up on some sides with your seafood, otherwise you'll easily be spending $25+ per person to fill up.Chicken nuggets: As we had a non seafood eater, he got some chicken nuggets which were pretty bad. They looked and tasted like they came from some Foster Farms frozen bag. However, since this place is meant for seafood, I don't hold it against the restaurant.
4	"Pinch the head and suck the tail!". This is what my friend told me while I was trying to eat one of  this restaurant's specialties! I laughed and told him that he sounded like he was describing a porno!!But honestly, this place is great! I ordered a pound of the crawfish and a pound of the shrimp and chose the hot and juicy sauce and man it was fantasstic!I honestly liked the shrimp better than the crawdads (that's we call them in Cali) because there was more meat on them and they were succulent and sweet.But the crawdads and shrimp wash down with a cold beer after a night of debauchery in Vegas... nothing like it!!!!
4	Pretty good...for Vegas.  Here's my recap:  Parking could be better.  Not a lot of spaces.  Available spaces were a little tight.  Seated immediately upon entering.  The place was pretty busy.  Many tables with chairs, some with booths.  Some booth seating was not accessible because the neighboring table was too close.  Servers were friendly, fast, and knowledgeable.  Menu offered crawfish, shrimp, oysters, clam, lobster, blue crab, dungeness crab, King crab, and snow crab.  All market prices.  Seasoning choices were Louisiana style, juicy Cajun, garlic butter, lemon pepper, and Hot N Juicy special.  Choice of mild, medium, spicy, or extra spicy.  Sides: corn, potato, sweet potato fries, cajun fries, rice, rolls, and sausage.  Also, appetizers were etoufee and a large variety of fried items: calamari, hot wings, soft shell crab, catfish, shrimp, and chicken nuggets.  We ordered two pounds of boiled shrimp: one Louisiana style medium and the other juicy Cajun medium.  Bibs were served first.  The bottom of the bib folds over to make a pocket to catch debris you drop.  We also ordered a side of white rice.  The cook time seemed about right, not real fast, but not too slow either.  Constant line for men's restroom.  Only one person at a time.  Many people waiting to get in to wash their hands after eating.  The food comes out as it is ready, not served at the same time.  I prefer this method.  The shrimp is served in a clear plastic bag and the shells are left on the table.  Plastic table cloth makes for quick and easy clean up.  The shrimp was good sized, hot, and flavorful.  There was a little extra juice in the bottom of the bag which we used to dip our shrimp once peeled.  Also, we ladled some on the rice for a bit of flavor.  The shrimp was head and shell on.  This requires a little work, but is the traditional way to serve, saves the kitchen a bit of time, and leads one to believe the shrimp were alive when cooked.  I lived in Louisiana for many years so I know there is a difference between Louisiana style and Cajun style, but I don't know why they made the distinction here.  Most patrons in Vegas won't know the difference.  The difference here is that Louisiana had more butter and Cajun was more traditional with more spices and less brother allowing the sweet flavor of the shrimp to come through better.  The difference is almost not noticeable, but I prefer their Louisiana style.  The rice was okay.  All in all the food was pretty good.  We really enjoyed it.  On a side note, they did not purge the shrimp.  That is, the gastrointestinal track and the poop were still in the shrimp.  Vegas patrons don't know any better.  Its kind of gross, but I ate anyways knowing that it won't hurt you (otherwise, the place would have been shut down a long time ago).  There were plenty of paper napkins at each table and wet wipes served at the counter and with the bill, but I would have preferred a washing station, similar to those at Cravin Cajun.  You get really, really messy eating boiled shrimp and that stuff is super painful if you get it in your eyes.  They do serve alcohol, but we had tap water, which was served in styrofoam cups.  The server did not ask if we wanted lemon, but she brought out a styrofoam bowl with almost two whole lemons (kind of a waste).  Shrimp was $8.99 per pound and the side of rice was $2.  We really enjoyed this experience and will be coming back.  I tried the crawfish on a previous visit here.  It was the best crawfish in Vegas.  Flavor was right, but a bit small for Louisiana standards.  I love crawfish, but think the shrimp is a better deal because there is much more meat.  I really like this place, but Cravin Cajun is better.
5	If you've been to Boiling Crab or Red Claw in Orange County, CA, then you'll find this place is fairly comparable - though maybe with much better service.  But honestly, your opinion on which is better will be based entirely on your own specific tastes and what you're used to. (Ex: I was a big fan of Boiling Crab until I started going to Red Claw a few times and the garlicky taste grew on me. Now I love Red Claw and think Boiling Crab is a bit too salty. Some may think Red Claw is too garlicky.  So it all depends. Red Claw not ever having a wait is the biggest influence in my decision to always go to Red Claw now anyway.)  My husband and I were in Vegas and were looking for a place to get good, inexpensive seafood.  Most buffets on the strip definitely don't cut it for me (since seafood is my favorite food), and their seafood is usually not fresh.Since I love Boiling Crab and Red Claw, I was very excited to find this place on Yelp and we made our way to the original location - as it's a bit more tucked away from the second location, which is a bit more touristy.  I found out later from our server that this location is generally more of a local's spot than the newer location.So when we arrived at about 7:30 pm on a Thursday night, we were a bit sad there was no parking in the small lot. But thankfully a group of people left shortly after we circled the lot and nearby neighborhood for parking. We got in and were quickly greeted and told that the wait would be about 20 - 30 mins, though maybe quicker because they were cleaning up some tables.Okay, so while I was waiting, I noticed a few things. 1. The mixture of people in the restaurant was extremely diverse.  I'm sure there were at least 10 different ethnicities there!  The age range was also very wide - from young to old.  This was a great sign, as I noticed EVERYONE in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying their food - the food fit, apparently, for varying taste buds.2. It was pretty busy in there, but the servers were extremely friendly and were all helping each other throughout the restaurant. No server was strictly confined to only one section or certain tables or customers.  If you stopped any server, they happily got you what you needed. This was honestly rare to see, and I was impressed at how the servers all seemed to interact together as a team rather than stressed out, competitive individuals.As far as the food, we got our shrimp, sausage, and corn in the hot and spicy sauce at spicy level. The clams, we got in the spicy garlic sauce.Shrimp - Mostly fresh, juicy, plump, easy to peel and crunchy (sings of freshness).Clams - Were good, though the actual clams were a bit smaller than I hoped they would be. I guess maybe they just use different clams than what I'm used to at Red Claw.Sausage - Were not polska kielbasa sausages as we hoped. :( My husband was very disappointed and didn't like them at all, and he normally loves sausages.  Don't get these. Even though I ate them, I didn't enjoy them.  They were pretty oily and fatty tasting in a bad way.Hot N Juicy sauce - This is similar to Boiling Crab's sauce.  I would say the spicy is pretty spicy, and a little spicier would make it so that you couldn't taste your food very well.  My husband and I have a pretty high tolerance for spicy food, and the spicy here is in between the medium and spicy spiciness at Boiling Crab.Garlic sauce - We got this sauce spicy, and it tasted fairly similar to the Cajun garlic sauce at Red Claw (though Red Claw uses tons of real chopped garlic and is much better, in my opinion).  My husband liked this sauce over the Hot N Juicy sauce, which is ironic since I'm usually more of the garlic lover.Cajun fries - Fries sprinkled with Cajun seasoning.  The fries were good and crispy and moist on the inside.  The Cajun seasoning is pretty spicy, so be mindful of that if you don't like things too spicy.  They were good fries. :)Overall, this was definitely a great place for good Cajun-style seafood.   The service was great, and the food really good.  Overall, I'd definitely go here again the next time I'm in Vegas and craving seafood.Be warned though that your hair, skin, and clothes will smell like your food.  I suggest you keep jackets and sweaters in your car and wear something you don't mind stinking up.  You'll probably have to take a shower when you get home, unless you don't mind smelling the food on your hair and skin while sleeping. :)
4	This was my first crawfish experience and it was pretty yum!  We had 1lb of shrimp (hot n juicy - medium spice), 1 1lb of shrimp (lemon pepper - medium spice), and 1lb of crawfish (hot n juicy - medium spice).  Also got beers and sweet potato fries.    Were told to go less spicy than normal because their spice was hotter than everyone else's, so we went medium.  Really wish we had gone hotter.  We also did not shake our bags, which after reading a few reviews, could have made a big difference.  Geez, aren't we smart?!?it was super crowded, but we got the last available table, so no wait.  Service was really fast, It seemed like we ordered and five minutes later we were opening steaming plastic bags!  Food was great, incredibly messy and I thought it was a little pricey.  Not sure if I would go back here, but it was definitely an experience.  I feel like I lived a little. I will come back here very soon,all my friends like it .
5	This place is a favorite place to eat in Vegas. Be prepared to get your hands dirty, but it well worth it. Great place to have fun with your friends while enjoying a great meal. If you love seafood give this place a try for a taste of New Orleans in Vegas. Parking can be hard and their might be a wait but it is worth the hassle. Take cash to get a percentage off your bill.
5	We never leave Vegas without hitting "Hot N Juicy" at least once.  We can't get enough of the huge shrimp, crawfish and the HNJ Special Sauce.  The place can get crowded, but definitely worth the wait.  Don't be afraid to get messy.  Order plenty of rolls to soak up the yummy sauce.
4	If you hate getting messy eating, this is probably not the place for you.  Half of the budget at this place is probably paper towels.  They do not have much on the menu, but what they do they do very well.  Border line 5 review.  I think the only thing holding it back from a 5 is the nature of crawfish itself.  I don't mind getting messy but it is a lot of work for not a whole lot of sustenance from each crustacean.  If I were to go there again, I would probably get the shrimp.  Less work, more reward.  The food comes out in boiled bags which you rip open.  Good idea to use the bib which is provided.  I went for one less than the spiciest sauce, and they were much spicier than used to when ordering at that level.
4	**Disappointed**       - Boiling Crab - Ever since boiling crab opened last November, Hot & Juicy has done the opposite of stepping up their game (http://www.yelp.com/biz/boiling-crab-las-vegas).       - Watered Down - They have been consistently watering down their "Hot & Juicy Special" sauce. They put so little per bag now, I can't even dip my shrimp back in.       - Prices - Their "Market Prices" are still a dollar or two above Boiling Crabs.       - Crawfish - Their crawfish are smaller and less fresh than Boiling Crab's crawfish.       - Conversion - Eventually, all of their patrons will wise up to the other "crawfish/shrimp in a bag" place in town and it'll be too late for them to turn it around. I used to favor Hot & Juicy over Boiling Crab, but not anymore.**Recommendations**       - I want to give this place a 3.5, so I'll round it up to 4. It's still good, but just a shell compared to it's former self. Unless Boiling Crab has too long of a wait, I'll probably not be coming to Hot & Juicy anymore.
4	So, there was a bit of a wait and it was kind of expensive...overall I would have to say that it was still worth it!!!The food was really good, the service was fast and friendly and you even get a bib! :)  I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to all my friends and family.  This place is simple, but awesome!!!
5	I was in Vegas for Superbowl weekend and was craving crawfish so we decided to go right after the game. To everyone's surprise, it was super delicious!!!! My favorite is their lemon flavor. This is definitely on my list when im back in vegas!
3	Ate here on a recent overnight visit for work.  Got serveral pounds of crawfish in hot and spicy.  I wasn't too impressed.  The sauce was good but the crawfish were kinda dried up and weren't juicy or slurpy at all.  Sausage, corn, etc is all good.We also got a couple lobsters at market price (I wasn't paying so I didn't see the bill).  The lobsters were good, better quality than the crawfish.  Overall I can't say that this place blew me out of the water.  If I'm up for something different then maybe. This is really a 2 star review but I'm giving them 3 cause their servers are great eye candy.
3	First, it's def. not as great as the one in Orlando! Second, the service was good and on point. Third, unfortunately they were all out of crawfish while we were there during a Thursday lunch. They finally restocked on some while we were leaving! =\ I really wanted to like it but I didn't.
5	omg, drool, yum, drool, and repeat!!!! i chose this for crawfish as i saw it being featured on the travel channel.. so when i was in vegas, i HAD to come here! the prices are steep but what do you expect!  delicious ice tea unlimited, and delicious crawfish, and delicious shrimp and fries.. thats about all we ate here. don't take folk who want to have a salad or whatnot because they have NO OTHER FOOD available. no salads and no rice! lol.. we started off with 3 crawfish sauces (ordered by lb) .. the lemon pepper, some garlic one, and some other non memorable one. the lemon pepper was by far the attention grabber because you get a PANG of flavor the minute the juices hit your tongue. however we were not full with just crawfish, fries, and an appetizer of soft shell crab. we decided to get an additional bag of shrimp with lemmon pepper sauce because everyone else was feasting on shrimps and they looked so good! the meal is gona be pricey but it's totally worht it! i wish i knew about the shrimp sooner! either way, a tip: be careful with the spice because even at the lowest level it is FREAKING SPICY!!!!!!!!!! i had to pee 3 times within an HOUR and the last time we were driving back to the strip and i couldnt hold it so we took a detour to a gas station ready to piss on myself already and the gas station had no bathroom! WTFERAK??? i was freakingggg out!!!! needless to say we ended up in old las vegas (downtown) since i found a bathroom! that was bad... so make sure you are careful with the spicyness!!!!!
4	We had crawfish, crab legs and shrimp and all of them were delicious.  The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars was because the service was slow after we received our food initially.  Our mouths were burning and we needed fries and drink refills, but we had a hard time tracking down the waitress, and they weren't that busy!!  We'd still return because the food was out of this world.
5	You want a place with perfectly placed silverware, waiters with bow ties and sparkling champagne? Well, you better go somewhere else and get the hell out of the way for the dedicated fans of Hot N Juicy Crawfish. At this place you get down and dirty with your hands, you stuff your face unapologetically and watch your perfectly manicured nails get mangled by delicious, succulent, juicy as hell shellfish.  If you love amazing food, don't mind getting a little messy and love a little hot in your trot, bring it on. You will leave here with sated taste buds, satisfied tummies and the misson of clearing your calender just so you can eat here again. Fan Favorites:1.) A pound of shrimp with the Hot N Juicy sauce. If you like zing, get it mild. If you like super zing, get it medium. This place runs HOT HOT HOT, people. 2.) Dungeness Crab or Snow Crab with Lemon Pepper sauce. I'm drooling just writing this.If crab and shrimp aren't your thing, shake it up and sample things. This place has huge variety and I guarantee you'll find something that shakes your tail feather. On an end note, the service is awesome. If you are lucky enough to run into Tim, you'll be well taken care of. He has served me twice and he has always made it such a fun, lovely experience. It doesn't hurt that he's cute a button, too!
5	Recommended by a neighbor we just had to give it a try...What an incredible find...Service - Tim was our server and he rocked. He was on the ball and his support team/other staff were awesome.Drinks - Soda, Beer and wine...Sapporo $3, can't beat an ice cold Japanese beer.Ambiance/Tableware - No knifes and forks, all you get is paper towels, a bib and unlimited wipes at the end of the meal. Decor is rustic, plenty of flat screens, great little bar area, just good clean (messy)  fun.Don't let plastic bag serving vessels put you off and make as much mess as you want to!Food - Pound of Lemon Pepper, mildly spiced and just friggin off the charts. Super succulent and delicious.Pound of Hot n Juicy flavored, mildly spiced with corn and a few red potatoes. Great flavor, really really juicy and plump. Getting two pounds the next time!!! Corn and potatoes perfect.Pound of mild, garlic butter King Crab...OMG to die for. Nothing really needs to be said just get them and lots of them!Bill was $63 for soda, 3 beers and all that food (King Crab was most expensive at $24 per pound), you just won't find a better deal or a better way to spend some time getting covered, literally, in flavor and eating GREAT food.Thanks Tim, we will be back!PS. They have a location closer to the strip but according to Tim this location is the original, smaller and has a more homey felling to it. The owner is expanding the chain but not franchising. Nice to hear.
5	Liked it so much...ate there twice during trip to Vegas. Only suggestion is to peridiocally clean the table. My garbage (i.e. straw wrapper, used napkins,) was starting to comingle with my food.
5	I've tried two other places but they can't beat how much flavor Hot n Juicy has to offer in the sauces they use on their seafood. I definitely recommend getting the shrimp since it has more "meat" for the pound rather than all shell but if you're willing to spend the extra bucks for the other shelled fish. Why not? Any seasoning you get has so much flavor. Definitely get the "Hot n Juicy" flavor even without spice it's good. Lemon Pepper & Garlic Butter is delicious too. They also offer delicious calamari.  I'll definitely be back here over and over again.
3	i think the food here is excellent. the service is amazing, but 50% of the time they dont have crawfish =(
4	We really wanted to try this place because my friend works here and we love boiling crab type crawfish joints!:D This is actually my first time getting my hands down and dirty with the seafood because usually I'm too ::ughhh I don't wanna smell:: ::ewww its gonna get under my nails and all over my hands::Yeah... I'm a shame... but I finally decided that I'll get over my prissy self to enjoy some damn good crustaceans hahhaI love shrimp! Get the Hot n juicy special!! It's a mix of all their seasonings (juicy cajun, lemon pepper and garlic butter) and its soooo yummy!! I am a wimp and cannot for the life of me take spicy, so the server suggested I try it without spice and yummm it was sooo good!!! My bf is the total opposite and loves spice, so when he got the hot n juicy crawfish at spicy, he said it wasn't spicy enough -.-;;;; he is a fatass and got 4lbs of crawfish and was totally enjoying every last bit of it. a little too excited....We all shared a dozen oysters... mmmm it was a relief and cool break from the spiciness of the crawfishes for my  friends.My friends got the crawfish too but in medium  hot n juicy. They are big boiling crab fans and said that there was a certain zing to their seasoning that BC doesn't but didn't want to love it more because of how far it is from us (we live in orange county). They also got the fried catfish basket. The catfish was breaded a little too much, and didn't taste as fresh as the rest of our meal.  I got the soft shell crab basket on top of my shrimp and that was really good. The cajun fries that came with it weren't as impressive but were made better by the leftover Hot n Juicy sauce that I had. HeheheAll in all, we had a good experience, our waitress was really cool (katherine, kaitlyn?? I don't remember....) pretty attentive, but we had to nudge her for water sometimes. We'll probably be back, considering the long list of places we need to try in vegas in our short weekend stays.
5	Delish! Just put on a bib, get your coronas and get your grub on. This is a must stop when in Vegas and tired of casino food.Whole shebang medium will have your Latino friends (who have some practice with some spicy food) crying, hot only for the super pros.
4	This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious! We got a pound of crawfish (medium spicy) and a dungeness crab (hot n juicy style). Great seasoning, good quality seafood, fair market prices. Since it's so popular, there is usually a wait at the door- we waited about 30 min. The wait staff is helpful & informative, but it's hard to hear due to the noise level in there- the music is great, tho a little loud. The food arrives in good time, but the staff was a little slow in keeping up with the drinks considering how spicy it is ;) One thing to beware of- the parking lot gets crowded & often people park on Frontier street- when I returned to my car, the window was smashed :( So, park in that neighborhood at your own risk!
4	Really good!
3	Saw this place on Man V Food and hubby insisted that we try it..It's not bad.. but it's not great.. at least in my opinion.We ordered two dungeness crabs and a pound of shrip.  We got the hot and juicy combo sauce at the mild spice.  We also ordered rice and I got the etouffe.Being Filipino, we can't really eat anything without our rice.. and sadly, they ran out of rice and we had to wait about 15-20 minutes to get ours.  They were so nice and apologetic about it that they took the rice off of our bill and gave it to us for free! The rice came out cooked, but a little on the drier side than I prefer.. I don't know if it was because they were in a hurry to get it out.. or if that's the way they just cook their rice.. either way.. I was glad I had the etouffe to moisten my rice up.The seafood was pretty good.  The sauce was a little runnier than what I'm used to.. we got to Bucket Crabs and Crawfish in Ontario and their sauce is thicker than here.. and that's something I prefer.  The sauce here at hot and juicy was spicy at the mild level and that's how we like it!If given a choice, I think I would still prefer Bucket Crabs than here..  it was a nice treat to get to eat at a place featured on TV tho..
5	i love it. i recommend this place to anyone that comes to las vegas!
5	OMG! Absolutely the highlite of our short getaway to LV. Thank God for Man v Food for intro'g this place.Lets see, started with oysters on half shell, 2 lb crawfish, fried calamari, 1 lb shrimp, the the King Crab Legs for dessert! We were pretty full then decided we had to try the crab legs and MAN AM I GLAD WE DID! You soak those crab leg meat in their spicy sauce and you are as close to orgasm without stimulation as humanly possible! I think my wife had that "Sleepless in Seattle" moment ala Meg Ryan! haha priceless!Not only was the food THE BEST, but the Staff was just outstanding. They helped us decide what to order and were very attentive without being intrusive. Outstanding!Unless you like it really spicy, just order Mild, cuz that is spicy enough...Trust, we're asians and like our spices, but mild was plenty spicy for us!Just another "must visit" place everytime we hit Vegas.
4	I said I would give this place another shot, and I'm glad I did.  The food was not only fantastic, the service was a night-and-day difference from the last time I came.  This is not a lazy man's restaurant; It takes work.  It's well worth it too, although, I could use less tourists next time I come, but hey, it's good for business.
2	This place is overrated.  It's really pricey for what you get.  But I guess in Las Vegas you can't get that much better.  What we ordered:4 lbs crawfish (2 lb Hot n juicy special & 2 juicy Cajun)The Juicy Cajun was a lot better in my opinion.  The medium was not spicey. The spicy was good. You could taste it on the corn but not so much the crawfish.  It seemed like it was not boiled in the sauce and the sauce was tossed on afterwards.  The flavor had not soaked into the crawfish.I don't usually comment about the cleanliness of bathrooms, but man...these bathrooms were gross.  Trash was everywhere.Service: Waitress was friendly enough. Looks like the trendy place to be. But I'd rather not get my crawfish in LV.  Probably would not eat here the next time we visit.
5	This place is awesome!  And crazy busy from the moment it opens up so get there early!Just a tip...mild is fricken spicy!  Like my lips are on fire spicy.
4	If you like shellfish, and like to get your fingers messy, this is a fun place to eat. Shrimp, Crab, Lobster, Crawfish, Catfish, Oysters, and Cajun Sausage.  you order by the pound, and it's all served in plastic bag. you also receive a bib and plastic gloves are optional.
3	Servers were nice and friendly.  Place was packed for lunch on a Saturday.  Compared to other places, their sauce was okay (Hot n Juicy flavor).  Fried calamari wasn't that great, not worth 9.95.  Fries were a bit over spicy; felt the fries were more spicier than the crawfish medium spiciness.  Crawfish and shrimps were pretty decent size.  Parking is a pain since it's a small lot; there's street parking on the side.
4	After reading some Yelp reviews, I was really iffy about going here. It was my first time coming here with the boyfriend and man were we hungry.First and foremost! Order TWO pounds of the Crawfish. If you order one, you'll be really sad. Like we were. Let the crustaceans sit in the juices for a while! You'll be really sad if you don't! And make sure you stick to mild if you like spice but not too much! Because mild is CRAZY spicy! Like, my nose is running and my lips are on fire spicy.Other than that, service was quick and amazing and the fried calamari was thebomb.com
3	I think I've been spoiled by the likes of boiling crab in OC and the other 4 cajun seafood restaurants..With that said, The service here was great. He went through the menu and let us know what was available. We had Medium, Hot and juicy  sauce 1 pound of crawfish and 4 pounds of shrimp, cajun fries and calamari. Let's just say that no one should ever let me order food. The sauce was pretty good but we couldn't finish 4 pounds of shrimp so ...
3	i don't even know why i'm reviewing this. i feel like i can't do it justice because i'm not really crazy about this kind of food to begin with ... but out of an obligation to being a good yelp steward, here goes nothing.no full bar. only beer and wine. of course, i can't even imagine drinking something else with a seafood boil so i guess that works. the seasoning is really good. i had the garlic butter something something skrrrrimp mild... and even mild was warm so be careful.it's a super popular place so either go early or prepare to wait. after you order, utensils will arrive in the form of a bib and gloves. get crackin'. hope you enjoy seeing what your insect of the sea delight looked like shortly before its demise because it is fully intact.they have a fried selection if that isn't your thing. ;-)
5	I had my doubts about this place at first but now I am fan! I was always told the Boiling Crab is better but my tummy begs to differ. First of all, their shrimp and crawfish are bigger which translates to MORE MEAT. Plus, their spicy is actually spicy. I gotta say though, parking sucks. Tiny ass lot and no shade, but eh, it's not like I plan to eat their food outside in my car. Anyway, the servers were very attentive, so if I have to compare again to BC, well... there's really no comparison as I've never received good service from BC. On the two occasions that I've been here, I've never had to wait for a seat so that's always nice =)
5	First time having crawfish, got the medium, perfect  hint of spice !! looove the sauce, and our main server was nice, a few other in our groups who are season spice eaters got the spicey sauce and it was to hot and burned their lips. Lols. anyways I enjoyed it, the sauce is thick n finger lickin good !!would go back. but the craw fish did seem very, very very small .......
4	Went here a few weeks ago on recommendation of a friend. It was really really good. My husband and I each orderd 2lb of crawfish which came with a small ear of corn and a red potato. I had the mild and it was just the right amount of spice for me, and i'm not really a fan of spicy food.  I did find that I was still hungry so I ordered some etouffe and oh man let me tell you that stuff is the business. It's kinda similar to a gumbo as it's a seafood soup served over rice. So if you're into crawfish or other seafood for that matter cooked in a spicy boil this place is for you!
1	I thought the food was flavorful and tasty. But Im not sure if it was very healthy because I had major hershey squarts (diarrhea) after. The waitress was really nice, but we felt a bit decieved by her. She offered sauce on the side, without informing us that we were gonna be charged for it. And, once she delivered our food, she disappeared. So when we wanted to order more food and get our drinks refilled, no one came over to help us. We were disappointed. It was a bit pricey for the product/service we received. Never going again.
5	This place was so good I made a yelp account just so I could leave my first review for them!  I had never been to a "boil" style place before and I gotta say it was awesome! The food was great (4 stars) but the service earned that extra fifth! If you do one food adventure in Vegas this is it!I went at about 7 on a Saturday, and let me say the place was packed, I would definitely be more strategic next time!  But despite being run ragged, their whole staff were friendly, helpful, and attentive! They told me it would be about 20 minutes for a table, so when I got one in 15 I was quite happy!Timothy, our server, was amazing.  Despite obviously having a lot on his plate he took the time to really go in depth with me about all of my questions when he found out it was my first time. He even put on a pair of gloves when we got our food and gave us a step by step on how to demolish our respective crustaceans!   Checked on us many times, made sure glasses were full, and gave us quite a few valuable honest opinions.   I wish I could have Timothy at every resturaunt!The food!  DELICIOUS.  At Timothy's suggestion we had hot n juicy sauce on our crawfish and lemon pepper on our king crab and shrimp. Definitely the right choices!  I had the crawfish and crab mild level spicy, and I like spice!  It was definitely the right heat.  My partner had hers "less than mild", which is their secret lowest spice level, and for her sensitive palate it was perfect!  Order a variety, the crawfish is fun but not filling.   The king crab was great, but pricey, next time I'll stick to regular crab.    If you don't have them throw a corn on the cob in each bag you are cheating yourself, some of the best corn I've ever had.  The sauces are amazing, I definitely recommend asking your server what pairs best with each seafood.   The hot n juicy is awesome, but definitely spicier even t the same heat level.If they open a HnJ in northern Cali, I hope the staff here considers moving out here! XD it'd be a privilege to eat with them again!
4	Very tasty food! King crab, shrimp, and crawfish were all great. Hot n Juicy on all. The shrimp was the plumpest with the most meat to $$, but King crab tasted amazing. I would get the shrimp a little hotter next time, they soaked up very little spice.Cool music. Cheap beers. Loved getting messy with the bib and bags of deliciousness. Was a little busy, but worth the wait
5	I love this place. It offers quite the experience and their sweet potato fries is always great with anything. Anything you order is awesome. It can be quite pricey depending on what you order, but it is money well spent.
5	Theses people giving this place less than 4 stars are crazy! The hot n juicy sauce is amazing. !!!!! The biggest difference between hot n juicy and boiling crab is that boiling crab sauce is all grease and hot n juicy has very little grease but tons of flavor. Service is always great too!I'm going there tomorrow! 2 pounds of shrimp please.
4	Great place to come check out when you're in vegas and not in the mood for the usual buffets or steak dinners that most hotels are serving up. Price is reasonable too. I think it was $10 for a pound of shrimp and trust me you don't want more than a pound because its alot to go through. Alot of flavor packed into these bags so I was impressed. Very busy but we didn't even have  to wait 2 minutes to get seating. Gotta come check this place out.
4	This place is far from the glitz and glamour of the strip both in location and in style.  Gone are the flashing lights, white tablecloths and candles, replaced by beer in bottles, cheesy lobster bibs and food served in plastic bags.I will say, though, that it was delicious.  I got the crawfish boil with the signature sauce.  The sauce can be ordered to whatever level of heat you desire.  I went for the extra spicy, which I will warn lives up to its name.  There is a lot of flavor here, and the sides were no less disappointing.  From the sweet potato fries to the corn on the cob, everything was excellent.This place is obsessed with quality through simplicity, and it's no surprise that the crawfish is shipped in fresh each morning.Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't mention the prices.  Everything here is priced well below what I would consider reasonable for what is delivered, making this a huge value for the dollar.If you're hankering for something more low key, more down home and (way) less glamourous than what's on offer on Las Vegas Boulevard, stop on in.
5	OK, I'm not a Las Vegas local (even though my 2 brothers-in-law are).  So I found about Hot N Juicy from TV, specifically Travel Channel's Man Vs Food.  Knowing that this place was been made famous from this show, I came here for lunch on Friday of my last Vegas visit.We met one of my brothers-in-law for lunch here, arriving in the parking lot 5 minutes before 12 noon.  Even though the restaurant wasn't even open yet, there were over a dozen people waiting outside the door already!  Once the staff let the horde in, we were seated right away and given menus.  As this is an Asian-owned establishment, I recommend not ordering all spicy seasoning, unless you can power through the heat.  Here's what I ordered for our party of 3:1 pound of shrimp, with Garlic Butter, mild spice1 pound of crawfish, Louisana Style, medium spice1 order of Calamari1 order of Sweet Potato FriesThe fries and calamari came out first; they were good and hot, but not exceptional.  But when the shrimp and crawfish arrived, the real feast began.  The shrimp were big, and the sauce was mild and tasty.  And while the crawfish were cooked in a "medium" sauce, it was plenty hot for me and my dining companions.  Just be careful not to suck the sauce too quickly; it will clear up your sinuses in a hurry!Just like any of these seafood boil places, be ready to get down and dirty.  They have lobster bibs and full rolls of paper towels on the tables for a reason!Overall, this was one of our favorite meals in Las Vegas.  It's in Chinatown and pretty far away from the Strip, so rent a car to get here.
4	Went here for the first time on a Friday night.  We went to the location further west but there is also one closer to the freeway. I assume they are the same.  It was packed but worth the wait. We ordered shrimp, lobster, snow crab, sweet potato fries, corn and rounds of beer. We ordered everything medium and hot n juicy. The food was great and really messy. It was a fun experience and will go here again. Just be prepared for the food to stare back at you since they leave the heads on!  Also don't plan on leaving without food all over and juice squirting you in the face.
2	I have finally had the chance to check this place out and what a disappointment.Let me start by saying... our waiter, Nick... DAMN. It was almost like he was fed up in being there and just didn't give a fck. Once we sat down, he came and yes... threw out menus in our face, threw sugar bags down on the table, and asked us you guys want anything to drink?! Daaaamn serious?!?!! Why Boo??!! WHY??! Wow okay... . Came back with our teas and took our orders.. that's the last time we saw his face. It took numerous attempts to get a runner, server, whoever worked there to ask for refills, which finally was able to be refilled, but with regular tea when I had Raspberry. Nasty... The whole time we were there... our throats were like a desert and our drinks were empty.. so damn empty,  the melted ice made a few gulps of replenishment to get us through our meals. We had to ask for gloves, we had to ask again for our pepper and  limes on the side, which our server never brought, and we even had to ask the next table to please get their server's attention for us after she was done giving them their food orders, just so we could... Ask. Even our tools to crack open our crabs were not the right tools, but after trying to get a server's attention. It was more tiring to wave down a server than tear apart our meals. From the frustration on the service here, I tore the crab legs with my own bare hands and ate like an animal. Tearing it with my own straight teeth!!! Grrr!!! I ended up doing the.. break the shell with my fingers and gently wiggle wiggle the meat out. Several times I showed my great company that I conquered a looooong piece of crab meat Ha haaaa! But then she shows off her piece, which was thicker and longer than mine!!! Oh yeah?!??!!!! I had that Ooo impressed face and nodded my head. We entertained each other... But never once were we checked back upon to see how we were doing or we needed anything. It was literally the worst service for a fun-filled environment. I heard their other new location has better service, but this experience makes me think twice to even want to give them my business.The food was the only thing that made me want to give Any stars to this establishment. The sweet potato fries was excellent in texture and taste. The shrimp, crab, and side of sausage we ordered were full of spice and with the combination of asking limes on the side to make your own sauce.. it tasted refreshing, sweet, spicy, peppery, bitter, and ended with a great bite from the acidity of the limes. Don't forget to ask for those pepper and limes on the side.. makes a great impact with the flavors of the spices that were cooked in with the crab and shrimp. Even if you have to hunt someone down that worked there to get it! I will note that the food deserves high remarks. However, due to the lack of service we received here, it's unfortunate to give it such a low rating. But I must speak the truth and the service here was... non-existence. Damn, DAMN shame if you ask me. It ruined a good meal experience and for us to constantly try to get a server's attention is just bad news. We couldn't enjoy our food and it shouldn't be that way.And for that reason alone... first and last time dining here. Wasn't so "hot" after all and that's the juicy part.
5	This place is ridiculous in the best way possible. Huge servings of shellfish dropped in a bag on your table, steaming with spices. Yes, please. Definitely order a side of rolls with your order to get the most out of that extra sauce. I got a pound of shrimp with sausage, a side of rolls and a sapporo and it was the best decision i've ever made. Can't wait to go back when I'm not with all of my vegetarian friends ; )
5	Hot N Juicy is THE BEST. Ever since my husband and I discovered this place, we have been ADDICTED. My husband loves the crawfish and I love their shrimp. Their garlic butter sauce is to die for.The place opens at noon- and by that time, there are usually people waiting to get in. Sometimes getting a soda refill can take 10 minutes, but it is SOOOOO worth it.
3	It's like boiling crab in the south bay...so if you've tried something similar, this place is not worth the trek. Personally, I don't think this type of food is worth a hour wait anywhere.
5	Never gets old. Hell, if adam richmond is gonna come here so will I!
5	The crawfish here were DELICIOUS. And a little warning, please trust them when they tell ya Spicy means SPICY. Believe it or your lips would feel like they are burning.  And their secret recipe (the Hot & Juicy flavor) is the way to go, sooo hot and soooo juicy! =P Besides the crawfish, their shrimps are also delicious; tender, juicy, and very flavorful as well. We did not try the King Crab leg, which looked amazing when some lady cracked those shells and pulled out a whole long strip of crab meat. Holy cow, wish I could go back now and get some! Oh oh, and their sweet potato fries are soooo sooo good. It was the first time when I did not find any soggy fries in the bunch and every single one of them was perfectly fried (crispy) and sweet! Oh man...Besides the food, the service here is very friendly; they are very busy, but everybody still greet the customers with smiles and are knowledgeable with recommendations...another thumbs up. The shadiest part of my dining experience here is that they use all plastic cups for drinks and water. Guess it gives you a seafood shack type of feel and most importantly, easier to clean as they can just wrap everything in the paper table cloths and throw away. Maybe should consider recycling cuz that's just a lot of paper and plastic everyday? Now that I've done my Let's Save Earth Ad, allow me to HIGHLY recommend this place if you know you are a crawfish fan....a MUST in Vegas.
5	This place rocks!
4	It has been a struggle deciding between three and four stars, but I have settled on four. I feel this place is slightly over-hyped and perhaps part of my let down was attributed to such high expectations due to this hype. I expected to be blown away, and instead I was just barely satisfied. We ordered 1lb of shrimp in their signature sauce medium spicy, half a dozen oysters, cajun fries and bowl of rice. I also had two beers. The tab was very reasonable for the amount of food we received, hence why I opted for four instead of three star rating. I felt that the price was fair for the quality of the food. The sauce was good as was the shrimp. The fries were nothing special, but the cajun seasoning was very very good. The oysters were tiny and not memorable. The rice was great with the sauce from the shrimp. Overall, the meal was fine but I would not seek this place out again or feel the desire to return unless the circumstance calls for it (friends who want to try it, I am in the area and rest of Chinatown has burned down, etc).
4	I really enjoyed myself when I ate here the other evening. I saw this restaurant on an episode of "Man VS Food," so naturally I had to eat here on my trip to Las Vegas. We ordered a pound of "crawfish" with 'Hot & Juicy Sauce (mild)' & a pound of "shrimp" with 'garlic/butter (mild)' sauce. They both were amazing and the fact that you eat with plastic gloves (optional) is super fun. Be prepared to smell like seafood for a while and do not wear white. Shper fun & a must do while in Las Vegas. P.S. Order a side of sweet potato fries. Yum!
5	The original and the best seafood in Vegas. Bring gloves, because you're going to get sauce on your hands and all over the place.
4	I finally got to try the original Hot N Juicy Crawfish during my recent trip to Vegas last week!After getting dropped off in a cab at Boiling Crab and finding out that they were out of crawfish, (!!!) a group of 9 of us literally walked a mile to Hot N Juicy.  We split our orders into 2, and my group ordered: - 10 pounds of crawfish, hot, Hot N Juicy special- 2 pounds of shrimp, hot, garlic butter- 1 pound of snow crab legs, hot, Hot N Juicy specialEVERYTHING was flavorful, tender, and juicy.  It was definitely more "hot" than I had expected, (I'm used to the "hot" here in DC) which wasn't a bad thing at all.  Although they messed up our order of shrimp (they gave us Hot N Juicy special instead of garlic butter) and the server was very unaccomodating towards the mistake, (She asked us: "Are you sure that's the wrong one?") repeatedly having to ask for things, (salt and pepper and limes, gloves, cleaning out our buckets, etc.) and spilling juices on my back while cleaning up -- everything else was smooth.  I could understand that it was really busy and serving a group of 9 might have been challenging, especially because we all had different drink orders and requests.This is definitely a "must-try" if you're in Vegas and love seafood!
4	My friend loves this place, every time she's in vegas, this place is a must for her. so we finally get to try out this place. i hate the parking, some stupid bitch jacked my spot, so i ended up parking on the side. anyways, the wait was less than 20 minutes on a saturday night for 4 people. we were seated, the atmosphere was nice, different from the usual cf places i go to in socal, and it's so weird because the waiters/waitress are caucasians (i'm used to asians) haha. anyways my bf and i order 1 1/2 of shrimp, medium with their hot n juicy special (it wasn't any kind of spice at all, shrimp was huge), chicken wings (it was good, nothing special), cajun fries (meh... didn't enjoy it much, not crispy), and a corn (no bueno ): i was pretty sad about it). service: not bad, had to ask for stuff, and when we ordered more stuff, they kinda forgot about it, but it wasn't  a long wait..overall, i would go back, im planning to try the one that open in orange county some day... (:
5	Just realized that I just became the Duke of Check-Ins at Hot N' Juicy. I'm pretty ashamed that I haven't written them a review. My family and I get together at the original location about once or twice a month. Found that the food is pretty consistent and is a great place for a large family. We often get shrimp and snow crab with either lemon pepper or hot n' juicy sauces. It's so much fun just getting down and dirty while eating seafood laden with garlicky goodness. You leave with a pretty raunchy smell but this food is worth the extra shower.
4	3.5 starsits not boiling crab but when your in vegas this'll get your fixPros - crawfish here is awesome, seasoning is great and the service is wonderful.     got a couple of pounds of shrimp and of everything there this was my fav.   if you like it hot n spicy this is the place to go... my nose and eyes were running like       mo'foCons - boiling crab is much better imho   the cajun fries werent that good as opposed to b.crabs   i like hot food but maybe during my first visit it was a lil too hot for mewill prolly end up back here again... worth a try
4	Normally, I like spicy food.The server warned us that "medium is a little hotter than tabasco, and mild still has a kick"Believe the woman!!Here's a tip: Ask for a side of melted butter to cut the spiciness if you need to.This was one of the longest, messiest meals of my life. No fault of the restaurant; crawfish takes a lot of digging.When it was all said and done, I ordered a side of rolls (three to an order) and mopped up all that luscious, amazing, spicy sauce in the bottom of the bag, even though I had no room.  DAMN! That's good!And, yes, I had heartburn for a full day afterwards.
5	I must admit I only wanted to try this place to compare it to my favorite spot in Cali. After doing so, I still have my #1 favorite but this one is pretty good as well. I first ordered 1 pound of shrimps, 1 pound of blue crabs and one basket of catfish (pretty much my usual). I shared it of course with my sis. Both shrimp and crab was made in the Hot n Spicy sauce mild. Some of my friends got the highest spice level (cringe). The shrimps were huge compared to what I'm use too! This was the first thing that came out and me and my sis went thru it pretty fast and since she wasn't having any of the crabs we decided to get another pound.... terrible mistake cause she got pretty full so we ended up sharing with our whole group hehe. I lucked out on the crab. Both females!!! and I love the eggs so I was a happy camper :D One thing and its a very little thing, the cajan fries were not very cajan. It was barely seasoned to what I'm use to... But this place is definitely GREAT!!! Make it a place to stop by if your partying in vegas for the weekend
5	This is  great place to take your friends and Family and enjoy some great tasting shrimp and eat with your hands ;).....I recommend Hot and Juicy special sauce and mild spice cuz it is too spicey otherwise,unless thats your thing......a must try in Vegas
4	Similar to Boiling Crab, but a little different.  I cannot say either one is better than the other since they are pretty similar.  Both restaurants are delicious.  The difference I noticed was that Boiling Crab's seasoning has more garlic.  Hot and Juicy has soft shelled blue crab with fries; I do not think Boiling Crab has that.
5	OMG...this place was soooo good.  The seasonings of the hot and juicy flavor is great.... the crab and shrimp cooked in this seasoning is sooooo DELICIOUS, corn and potatoes are so yummy.  If you order the shrimp you get soooo much for the price $10.   I love the idea of all the plastic bags, gloves, tableclothes....no utensils, no plates...its so fun!!!  Oh and the spicy is definitely spicy!!!  Its a couple miles off the strip but even being a tourist having to take a cab, its well worth the extra $10 cab ride.
5	Sweet. Awesome food awesome people. Everything was good drinks never went dry. Food was fast hot and great.
5	first visit ever, went on a tuesday night, atmosphere was awesome, place was packed, ordered king crab legs, snow crab legs, crawfish, potatoes and corn, everything was great, personal favorite and BEST ITEM ON THE MENU has got to be the snow crab,.....the different flavors and spices were perfect, cant wait to return to vegas to go for seconds!   HIGHLY RECOMENDED TO ANYONE WHO LIKES SEAFOOD  (im from baltimore so i know my crabs....)
4	The service was excellent. One of the waiters even ran outside to find us because he thought we left our food. The food was good and seasoned very well. The fish was fried golden brown and just right. There is actually 2 of them on Spring Mountain so go to the one that's in the white building.
3	Been here, it's ok! It's no Boiling Crab & the taste will stay in your system for a whole week so beware!
5	I love this place. Where else can you go and have little eyes looking at you as you tear there heads off and eat them..  Everything tastes great and the beer is cheap.
4	What else can I say but mmmmmmmm. We had the address on the GPS but just happened to see this one before we reached our destination. Come to find out, there's two locations super close to each other. We went straight for the seafood. We got a pound of crawfish in garlic butter, mild and a pound of snow crab legs, in garlic butter mild. Everything was awesome! I would have liked it more spicy, but wifey couldn't have handled it. next time we'll prob both get our own stuff. The seafood was super fresh and cooked to perfection. Messy, but super worth it. Def go if you want a cool no frills seafood experience. and make it spicy!!!
5	Hot N Juicy has the best crawfish in Vegas hands down! I order 2lbs of hot N juicy flavor crawfish and loved every single bite! The spice is on point! So be ready to sweat lol  Cajun fries are great here too! I really only go for the crawfish so I have no clue what else on the menu taste like. The wait on weekends is more then 30 minutes so I recommend going on a weekday. The service is great and fast. Love love this place!
4	Warning: Do not wear your best clothes here, and come here prepared to get disgustingly messy, but it's worth it!  With that being said, come here to get fresh live crawfish!  I got a pound of house special marinated crawfish, and lemon pepper marinated shrimp to go.  The crawfish and the sauce was delicious.  The crawfish meat was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was rich and spicy.  The lemon pepper sauce was also very good, but the shrimp, while big, didn't taste as fresh, since the meat was a little mushy where you take the head off the shrimp.  I asked the waitress how hot the "medium" spice level was at, and she said 8/10, soo... I opted for "mild" which was just right: not too spicy that I won't enjoy the meal, but had just enough kick to prove quite tasty.
4	Love this place. A little pricey but so worth it.. If you are craving crawfish in Las Vegas come here. Their seasoning is well balanced and the spices give you enough kick without overpowering the seafood. I recommend getting there early because there is almost always a wait.
5	My boyfriend and I were craving Boiling Crab (BC) while we were in Vegas visiting his parents. So we yelped for the new Boiling Crab in Vegas, but stumbled across Hot N Juicy Crawfish so we decided to give it a try. GOOD CHOICE!! I am happy to report that this is my new favorite hot spicy cajun shrimp place to eat! There doesn't seem to be a line here to eat, which is good because I hate waiting for more than an hour for food. Service is really good here. Our waitress explained everything and gave us her recommendations. And when your water is low they come and fill it rather quickly. The waiters and waitresses are usually walking around and asking how everything is. I think prices were a dollar more than BC but that's okay. Totally worth it. We usually order just 2lb of shrimp (I can't even eat half) and cajun fries to share. And we got the medium spicy hot n juicy special. The shrimp: It's so good. It's better than the shrimp at BC because the shrimp here are more plump and drenched more in sauce! Sometimes at BC it's either you get small shrimp or not enough sauce. But here, it looked like everyone's bags came with lots of sauce and plump shrimps. I think that is a win.The cajun fries: Hot spicy goodness in the mouth. I felt like my mouth was on fire just after a couple! I love spicy food so this was a win in my book. It doesn't look like they just sprinkle the cajun sauce on the fries, but it looks like they cook it while the fries are in the fryer because it is seriously explosion of cajun flavor in your mouth after one bite.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going to make a stop here. It's not near the strip so if you are visiting and staying on the strip, get a rental car or taxi it over to the "chinatown" of Vegas.
5	Absolutely flavorful!! My favorite is the snow crabs extra spicy. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. Lol. And you must order corn. It so sweet and melts in your mouth. And if you like sweet potatos order sweet potato fries. Crispy and sweet.
5	Some friends recommended this place to us while in Vegas. I LOVE Crawfish, Crawdaddies, Mud Bugs or whatever you call them. The cab driver told us that there is always a wait but totally worth it. We waited for at least one hour in the hot Vegas heat and it WAS worth it. They felt bad for us waiting and sat us at the counter. Everything is plastic because this place gets messy! We ordered the crawdaddies and they were served in a plastic bag. When we finished, we ordered another order! After spending what seemed like hours in the place, we ended up getting the same cab driver back and he rolled down the windows. He wasn't surprised when we told him that he was right. **this place is off the beaten path but totally worth it**
4	This restaurant lives up to it's name.  Wow it was good.  A friend took us to this restaurant and my wife really enjoyed it.  So on our last trip to Vegas, she had to go back.  It was just as good as the first time.  Restaurant offers no plates that I know of, so it can get messy.  Recommend any of the boiled items - we had the shrimp and crawfish and to steer away from the fried stuff (the fried shrimp was nothing special).
3	They open at noon, we came around 12:30 and it was already packed with only 2 tables open.  Our group of 4 was greeted and seated quickly, but getting us menus and our orders took a while.  We saw another group who was seated after us get their menus, orders in, and drinks before we even got our menus.  We finally waved someone down after 15 min of servers walking past us, and he didn't seem very enthusiastic to help us.  He first said "So is it your first time here?" and I say yes, he says with (ugh)"it seems like its everyone's first time here today..." and goes on about how to order and everything.  We've been to other similar seafood places like this back home so we are not totally new to this type of place, but it was our first time.. still, whatever.The Hot n Juicy sauce here is awesome!  We ordered regular spicy, but I think we could handle extra spicy!  Its a nice garlic-buttery-spicy sauce.  My friend ordered the Garlic Butter sauce but it was not good at all.  The king crab legs are huge, and one order came with only 4 legs.  I was a little disappointed because the seafood places back home (very similar to this) serve more legs.The food also took forever to get to us.  We got our orders really far apart from each other, and they seemed to forget our rice.  The servers were prompt with filling our drinks though.
3	I heard about this place from a friend, and during my last trip to Sin City, made it a point to come here.  Got here around 8:00, and waited about 15 mins, which was not bad at all considering I normally wait around 2 hours at Boiling Crab.  Once we were seated, we ordered sweet potato fries,  the fried catfish basket, 1 pound of crawfish, 2 pounds of shrimp, both with the Hot n' Juicy sauce.  The hot and juicy sauce lacked flavor, we literally had to add salt to it  to liven it up.  The sweet potatoes fries were not crispy, and the catfish had way too much batter.Eh , maybe I came on an off day, but I am willing to give this place another try.
5	Everytime we take a trip to Vegas, this is a place we always make a stop @. The food is Amazing!! The employees are always friendly, the service is fast except wait times on busy days. The food is messy, but it definately holds the flavor!! I highly recommend getting here around the time it opens and avoiding evenings around dinner time. I must say, a must eat place!!!!
4	I have heard good things about this place for a while and have driven past both locations pretty often. However, I have never REALLY wanted to try Hot N Juicy Crawfish because I am kind of like a cat, LOL. I don't like messy eating and if I am going to go out and pay for my food, I prefer all the work to be done for me, if you know what I mean. The in-laws were in town and have been wanting to eat here, so we finally came here for dinner the other night. We arrived at just the right time because there were a few tables still open and we were seated right away. 10 minutes later, the restaurant was full and many people were waiting outside. We had no luck with parking. The parking lot is very small and we had to park across the street. My husband and the in-laws ordered a variety of seafood: blue crab, clams, shrimp crawfish, and catfish. Their opinions:- the shrimp and catfish were the best- the crawfish required too much work for too little meat- the crab was very hard to take apart- "mild" was still pretty spicyI ordered the fried shrimp and sweet potato fries. I know, boring right? The fried shrimp wasn't very good. I think that the size was decent, but there was just too much breading on them. After eating 2 pieces, I didn't want anymore. The sweet potato fries were standard, nothing special. I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I would come back again because I didn't enjoy it too much. However, I will give this place 4 starts because my family thought it was alright and had a good time. Service was friendly and attentive. We even had nice neighbors who showed us what they had ordered and commented on what tasted good.Just a few tips:- DO NOT wear nice clothing because juices will squirt everywhere and you will get dirty!-Remember to take a shower and do laundry ASAP because you will smell like the restaurant even after you leave! Skin, hair, clothes, everything!
4	Like most Yelpers, I first heard of Hot 'n Juicy from Man vs. Food but the Yelpers seemed mixed on this one so I kept my expectations low. Even during midday, the parking lot was practically full. I could smell seafood-y goodness wafting through the door. I was seated quickly near a fuzzy TV & the waitress even moved me to a cooler seat. I was wary about service but was pleasantly surprised by the kind & attentive servers. My friend & I shared 2lb crawfish & 2 lb shrimp mild (my body won't allow me to consume spicy anymore but mild still had a bit of spice). I'm not a fan of Boiling Crab's the Whole Shebang-- I prefer garlic butter-- so I am in the same camp with other Yelper who felt the hot & spicy sauce could use more garlic. I also felt the food could have come out a little hotter temperature-wise.  Water was free, the wait was nonexistent on a Saturday afternoon, parking was easy, they carried $3 bottled Sapporo (is this because it's near Chinatown?), you could add potato, & both they had multiple restrooms (one of my big qualms).For me, it comes down to the food. Overall impression: Good, not quite Boiling Crab good.
4	We came to eat here after our stint with exotic cars at LV Motor Speedway. My friend saw Hot N Juicy Crawfish in Man vs. Food. Good Cajun seafood. Definitely better than salty Boiling Crab but just a tad behind our local Ray's Crab. We had 2lbs of shrimp, 2bls of clams, sweet potato fries, and rice. I liked their clams the best; tender and delightful. Big plus on their servers that could definitely strike up some conversation. What I like the most is that their hot is hot and not watered down. Its definitely a tingling sensation in my palette that is delightful and pleasing. I am pretty sure their spicy could be a workout. We will probably be back if we desire hot cajun seafood and we are in Vegas.
4	First the problems with this place.  It gets to hot in the building.  They need to turn the AC on or lower the temp.  Second when it is busy, and this place gets busy the service can be slow.  Now the good stuff, everything else.  Every waiter I have had has been very friendly.  I don't order the crawfish.  I think they are too much work.  I actually prefer the shrimp.  You get more meat, I feel the flavor of the sauce is better on the shrimp, and I feel they are easier to peel.  I also like pretty much everything else they have. I will say that not all Hot N Juicy's are created equal.  The one in Fountain Valley California sucks.
5	Our 1st time going to this restaurant we were greeted very friendly into our table right away by staff member. Our waitress was so helpful with our order for our 1st there we were impress. We brought our sister & brother in law & they fell in love with this restaurant & they are local. The seafood is DELICIOUS!! Every time we come to Las Vegas we have to eat here. Keep up the good service & great food.
5	SOOOOOOO GOOD!!!Its my favorite Crab restaurant here in Vegas. Nothing compares. The service is amazing, especially this last time we went AJ was great. The crab legs are delicious and the environment is perfect. Recommend this place to anyone who likes seafood.!
4	This place is awesome, the priority at this place is good food... I heard a lot about this place so my expectations were high when I got to Vegas. I didn't want to put the bib on but it was definitely a good idea...What we had:Fried catfishCorn frittersShrimp boilCrab legsCorn on the CobbFriesSweet potato friesThe only thing that I had that was not off the charts good were the fries, everything else was so good I can't wait to go back. Our waitress was funny an had no problem trading shots with 8 guys.This place is now on my 'must do while in Vegas' list. This place is awesome before accounting for the relatively inexpensive prices. Add that in and this place is borderline 5 stars. If I have the same experience again I will bump this place up to 5 stars.They don't have plates, but who cares? So it's not a first date place, or a place you go to prior to a club, but this place is awesome.
4	I went here a few months back, around the end of May. From what I can remember I totally enjoyed it. I got the 2lb crawfish cajun style and the bf got some sort of fried platter with fries.  I don't remember if this place gives you the option of choosing live or frozen, but these crawfish were definitely big.  Both entrees were really tasty and was great to wash down with a couple of Coronas.Side note: As much I love munching down on some crawfish, I absolutely hate the fishy smell it leaves on your hands. My recommendation? Be the loser who uses the gloves ;)Yes, I am that loser.
4	First of all, parking here sucks. You'd be better off parking across the street and trying to play Frogger with your life on Spring Mountain (not recommended). Avoid the peak hours or make friends with the people who live down the street (or at the Asian massage parlor next door - score!)The shrimp was great (lemon butter sauce!). I also really enjoyed the Catfish. The crawfish in the namesake however was way too much work for way too little meat. Also, their 'mild' is my 'spicy' though I still enjoyed tearing those bodies apart like some hungry, homicidal Cloverfield.The old man footed the bill during a visit to his favorite son and daughter in-law on the 9th island. I would definitely come back on my own though, for that awesome catfish and shrimp. Dress down and get dirty for some cooked bottom feeders!
3	My friends didn't realize that there were two locations which are fairly close together and so what had happened was that one group ended up being at one location while the other was at another, funny story lol. Anyways, so we are in Vegas and heard that this place was similar to The Boiling Crab & Crab Hut so we decided to check it out!Service: was kind, our waitress was helpful and attentive.Atmosphere: pretty spacious, had a good amount of seating, and it seems to be bigger than the other location next to Mr.Tofu.Food: my bf & I shared 1 1/2lb of shrimp, mild, in hot n juicy sauce, fried catfish basket w/cajun fries, and two corn. Verdict?Pro: The hot n juicy sauce has a nice kick to it & pretty flavorful and it was nicely smothered over the shrimp. The two half corn on the cob was nearly drenched into the sauce which made the corn sweet from its own juices yet hot/juicy from the sauce. I also got to try my friend's corn fritters because I was curious to see how it tasted and to my liking it was awesome. I like the creamy yet sweet texture that happens when the corn ball is dipped into the batter and then fried. Eh: the "cajun fries" ... about them fries, it clearly wasn't cajun fries but merely fries with a splash of cajun seasoning over it. It was not the same... not what I imagined and had experienced at The Boiling Crab. Slightly disappointed, but at least the fries were not bad. Con: From the outside the crust appears to be crunchy but when I bit into the crust of the fried catfish I was in awe. It doesn't appear to be crunchy but semi chewy or had an interesting texture to it. The catfish was okay not as fresh. Overall, I didn't come here for the crawfish because I'm not really a big fan of that but I did enjoy some parts of my meal if not all. It was a good experience to try a new place but I think I have to stick to The Boiling Crab as still my favorite go to place for this type of meal.
3	An experience
4	Hot n Juicy is a great place to dine at.  The service is good, the price is good.  The food is very good.  This place seems to be more reasonably priced compared to the boiling crab.  It is also a good place for kids!
5	If you're a big seafood fan like me, you'll love this place.I always order 1lb garlic shrimp, fried calamari and a cup of rice. Its delicious! The shrimp is a tad too spicy to me but the calamari actually balances it. The pricing is a bit too much for me. 1lb shrimp for around $10 and the fried food is also around the $10 range.Its very casual, dim and loud place. Go crazy with your food :)
4	I am tired of the long line in bowling crab so I decided to try something new. It was 8pm and we got in right away. The parking is limited. I heard many complains about the service here but our server, Max,was excellent. Their crawfish is juicer sauce then boiling crab. No free lemon and lack dipping sauce.We ordered 2lbs of crawfish, 1 lb. of shrimps, sweet potato fries, 2 drinks and the total came out to be $45.
3	To be honest with you this place is 5 stars for a lot of people.  The hot n juicy sauce over crawfish seemed to have everyone at the table addicted.  I did really like the clams with hot n juicy sauce.  I can see why everyone LOVES this place.  The prices are also pretty great.  The food however was a little too heavy for me.  I was looking for something more on the lighter side.  That being said, this off strip place, is really popular, and I'm sure you'd like it.
4	This place may be the Asian version of boiling crab, but in Vegas and not as crowded and loud as boiling crab. the crawfish were delicious and i looovve everything here. however you have to be a fan of wanting to eat like a three year old and use your hands for everything as well as the table being your plate. this restaurant is very casual and laid back. the staff and was really nice and enthusiastic but they were a little inattentive to my table, well i can't complain too much they did have a birthday table right behind us but still.  the food was good but not too filling. this plalce is worth to try.
4	The next best thing to boiling crab! The last few times I've been to vegas, I have eaten here for lunch. It is delicious! Their hot and juicy special mix is yummy! The last few times I've been here, the service is great! The waitresses are attentive and very friendly! Food comes out pretty quickly, and prices are fair! It surprises me how fresh the crawfish are! I heard they fly them in daily. YUM =) The oysters are also really good. The cajun fries are ok. I think the boiling crab ones is way better but what matters most, is the sauce for the seafood (which is delicious!)My boyfriend left his credit card here and we were able to come back and retrieve it. So glad the staff didn't steal the credit card =) When we were getting his card back, we noticed there was like 6 other credit cards that people left. They kept it safe in the cash register! Thanks hot n juicy!!
5	I always wanted to try crawfish "lousiana stye" with corn & potatoes. I ordered the 1lb. bag of crawfish hot & juicy style, medium-spiced. The sauce that they coat the crawfish in is to-die for. I liked it so much I dripped my cajun fries in it! I highly recommend this place. I just wish they had one closer to me than Orange County. Luckily they are opening one soon in We-Ho. Which is just around the corner of my beau's place!
5	Five years in Vegas and I finally made my first trip to Hot N Juicy. I've been missing out all these years. The place is as good as everyone says it is. Great atmosphere and great food. King crabs and snow crabs were were meaty and delicious, the shrimp was big, and the crawfish weren't bad, although they were my least favorite because they required a lot of work for very little meat. Corn and corn fritters were excellent. We had to get another order of the fritters because they were so good.Even on a Sunday night it was busy. We came here after go-karting at Pole Position and worked up an appetite but had to wait over half an hour to get a table. And, what's up with the TV reception? They've got some big flat screens but the picture was all static-y. Not that I cared to watch TV during dinner, but it just seemed odd.My hands still wreaked of garlic the day after, but it was so worth it.
5	Viva Las Vegas!!! This has become my favorite restaurant in Vegas! I go there every time. Fresh crawfish flown in every day...shrimp and crab legs that are to die for, tender clams and the Hot N Juicy sauce (I prefer this sauce in hot but you get a choice of sauces & heat level) just covers everything with love! All the seafood is served in bags so it keeps absorbing the flavor of the sauce. The crawfish comes with a potato and corn in the bag, but you can get it added to everything else. I recommend adding these as the corn gets the flavor of the sauce and the potato absorbs the sauce. I also like getting a bowl of rice as well and you can pour the sauce on it! Yes, you are peeling and ripping your food apart with your bare hands, so ladies, if you do not want to mess up your manicure, they do provide gloves. I went brazenly bare last time though and it was a lot easier to eat and when I was done all the sauce washed off easily.They now have 2 locations... I prefer the one that is furthest from the strip. The one closer is very, very loud because of the building. It's like being in a tin can, so take the extra 5 minutes and head a little further up Spring Mountain.I cannot wait for my next Hot N Juicy fix!
4	I have been wanting to go to this place since seeing it on Man vs. Food. It is always packed, so doing be in a rush when you visit. Plus you will stay there awhile. It smells kind of gross if you aren't used to this sort of thing. The service was very good. Our waitress was helpful as we were on our maiden voyage. The service is the best part of the entire experience. If you are with others and never had crawfish I would highly recommend to first order one pound then order more if you like them. It is an acquired taste and to tell you the truth I didn't like them. Especially sucking the juice from the head. Blah! I only tried the Special Sauce Mild and found it to actually be very good. I also had shrimp and it was more satisfying after all the work of peeling. Bigger reward at the end not like the tiny reward from crawfish. I was disappointed only because it looked so much better on TV. Would I go back? I highly doubt it as I couldn't get the smell out of my nose and breath for a coupe days. Wearing gloves makes it so hard to peel but saves on the stinkies. Maybe I needed to wash it down with a cold beer but in any case it only gets a 3Star because a 2Star wouldnt be reflective of the awesome service we had from our waitress. Waitress 5Star food was 2star.UPDATE: As funny as it might seem, I am wanting to go again, but staying away from the Crawfish. Have upped my rating because of the craving.
5	It was my first time here and I'll be honest, I was skeptical. I have been a "Boiling Crab" fan for many years and each time I've gone to other joints, I've been severely disappointed so I've stopped trying. Our friend Andy recommended this place and seeing that we were crashing at his place, I thought we should at least try it out.I ordered 1 pound of crawfish medium spicy with their special sauce, 1 order of dungeness crab legs and both were delicious! The sauce was just right, not too oily, had a great garlic flavor. I also ordered a piece of corn to sop up the sauce. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves seafood!
4	Spicy really means spicy, and medium means medium! Finally a place that got the heat system right!
5	This is a must go!  If you have been to Vegas or live in Vegas you must go to Hot N Juicy Crawfish... go in the evening and anticipate a wait and slow service.  It is worth the wait and mediocre service to taste their crawfish, shrimp, lobster, or seasonal crab.  We also recommend the catfish basket, it is amazing !  My wife, family, friends, and anyone who comes to Vegas for a visit, we always take them here.  Everyone has had great things to say and recently I have noticed some new employees.  The service has been some what better but still has room to improve.  Either I have adjusted to their spice levels or they have reduced them, I don't think it is as spicy as it used to be.Enjoy and let me know what you think.
4	My friend A'lene took me and my kids to this place similar to Boiling Crab in the OC. We ordered the garlic lemon flavored shrimp (mild) and cups of rice. The shrimp were huge and the sauce is to die for.  A'lene recommended pouring the sauce to the rice, twas perfect. I almost ate the whole bag of shrimp, almost forgot I was sharing it. hahahaThe only complaint I have is the 25 minute wait and the noise level in the restaurant. Other than that, I highly recommend this restaurant. I could eat here everyday.
5	FABULOUS.....Always if there is a wait it is worth it!
4	My brother, wife and kids were in town and spotted this as we drove and bombarded me with questions. It was good the last time I went, but it wasn't impressive that I was dying to go back. I was dreading a very ridiculous wait, but they said 20 minutes and it seemed like we got seated sooner than that. I guess in the recent year they've really ironed out their efficiency since our orders came swiftly was well.Ordered shrimp, crawfish, and clams in HNJ sauce, andouille sausage in hot butter, and one in lemon butter, half a dozen raw oysters, and rice. I've never been a fan of crawfish since it's a whole lot of shell for a little bitty nub of meat. The shrimp was big, juicy and perfectly cooked. The clams were pretty good but a few had a bit of sand still. I guess that's just a typical hazard with shells. After trying the sausages in other sauces, I still prefer the HNJ as my sauce- spicy and garlicky good. I was a tad miffed last time I came here with $2 rice being a piddly scoop- they made the serving bigger which they should. Asians rejoice!  My family liked this place so that's good. Sometimes being a Yelper everyone thinks you know ALL the things and I feel pressure being different in food taste too. Service was great. Very friendly, checked on us often, fast about getting things. I really think the staff here has finally figured out a groove. Only helps them to faster turnover.Of course this is a messy experience, but if you don't like getting your hands all garlicky and seafood smelling, you can request gloves! My nephew wanted gloves so his hands don't smell. They give you bibs of course but this isn't the spot to wear something nice to and avoid long sleeves like white button downs. Cracking shells is a splatter hazard. Yeah, this place is hyped to hell and I don't think is the greatest thing to happen to seafood like people make it out to be, but it is solid if you just want simple, fresh seafood. Sometimes clambake style food just hits that spot. If only it came with a sea view, I would feel complete.
4	What a way to start a vacation, great tasting crawfish!The crawfish was well seasoned and their spicy, hot n juicy special wasn't very spicy but it's fine, it was actually my preferred level of hotness.  Their cajun fries were good "enough", just some cajun spices sprinkled on regular french fries.  Their oysters were a good start also, but their chicken nuggets (we had a child with us) sucked.At 10.99/lb at the time of this writing, ah who cares, you're in Vegas, spend a little!
5	Heard of this place on man vs food and coming from a Cajun family who often have crawfish boils at home we had to check it out.Ok to start we tried the catfish basket with Cajun fries. It was "okay" the catfish was not spicy so we ordered a side of hot and juicy medium sauce to dip it in. Fries were also just okay nothing special just some fries sprinkled with creole seasoning.Then we ordered 2 pounds of crawfish with corn, potatoes and sausage with medium hot and juicy sauce. The crawfish was great!!! Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually. The sauce is a mixture of all of their sauces and it has a ton of garlic in it!! I love garlic!!  The potatoes and sausage were yummy, not a fan of the corn. At home we throw in mushrooms and I think they should too because I was missing it..Last but not least we ordered corn fritters. These deep fried wonderful tasty treats were my favorite of the meal and to think I wasn't going to order it!!! It came with ranch sauce to dip but you need to ask for a side of sorracho sauce (chili sauce) just a little dip of it and it's soooo good!! We will definitely return, but I think I will try the one in Orange County.
5	Finger licking good. 2 beers, 1lb of Crawfish, 1lb of Mussels, 1lb sausage, and etouffe. $41. Excellent service and "we should consider coming back before we leave at the end of the week" style food. Everything is served in plastic bags, you get bibs and gloves, so don't wear your Sunday best. A very good casual hit-the-spot dinner. Will go back.
4	What a fun and unique place to eat!  I had a great time here and definitely want to return the next time I travel to Vegas.  I got here at about 8pm on a Friday night and didn't have to wait for a table.  Our waitress was very attentive and helpful.  She recommended her favs and gave great suggestions.The four of us ordered 3 lbs. shrimp, 1 lb. king crab legs, a lobster which was about 1.5 lbs. , and 4 corns.  We all liked the shrimp the best and found it very fun to peel the shells off.  We also all liked the hot n juicy sauce the best, which was a mixture of  all their sauces.  The medium spicy level was more than enough!  I recommend dipping your seafood into the sauce after you peel it out of its shell!  YUM!I minused one star because they were out of the dungeness crab, they also shorted us 1 corn, and the lobster took very very long to come out (I think they accidentally forgot about it until we reminded them).But this was a great dinner and a great experience and also very affordable!
5	This place is so amazing!  The food is absolutely to die for.  It's amazing! And such a fun eating experience.  I live in Texas and dream about coming back here!
5	This place is AMAZING!!! I'm so thankful my friend told me about it... I got 1 lb. of shrimp with the hottest seasoning there was available I believe it was cajun and the corn drenched in the seasoning was SO delicious!!! I got salt & pepper, squeezed lemon juice and dipped my shrimp in it and ahhhhh enjoyed it to the fullest so good I had to order another lb. of shrimp lol.... Thankfully our wait wasn't bad we were seated right away but I did notice a little after there was a line of people waiting.. Service was GREAT. The waitress was friendly, helpful & informative. Prices were good for 1 lb. of shrimp about $10, sides such as corn or rice i want to say were $2... Overall a GREAT experience and can't wait for the W. Hollywood location to open since it's closer to me... You have to try HOT & JUICY CRAWFISH!!!
4	Not as busy as boiling crab so the service is a lot better.  The hot n spicy flavoring is the way to go and all for more of a kick.  I almost couldn't handle the medium level of spiciness.   Good change of pace.
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.I came to Vegas, with the saying "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas"Well I cant express how much I love this place and how yummy the crawfish, shrimp, mussels, and sweet potato fries were. Great service, they were very quick and attentive. The food was amazing packed with flavors, definitely better than boiling crab. Their sauce comes with chopped potatoes that absorbs all of the flavor from the sauce, yummy...The shrimp: big, hot, and juicy. haha the shrimp tasted fresh and did I mention juicy?Crawfish: I am not a big fan of these little critters because it takes so much effort just to eat the little meat they have. But these guys here are pretty big. mussels: my favorite! you guys gotta order these! sweet potato fries: crispy on the outside soft and sweet in the inside (:Definitely have to come back here again while I am in Vegas!
4	No matter what Boiling Crab & Hot and Juicy will always be compared to each other! Their menus & concepts are practically identical yet the 2 are quite different~ Atmosphere: I prefer BC! The restaurant is huge with plenty of TVs and I love how you can tag up their walls ~Service: BC wins! Their servers are always smiley & happy! I love how they put your bibs on for you~Quality: I think it's a tie! Both places have always had fresh seafood! Yummmmmy! And they usually have the same prices~ Corn/Potatoes/Sausage: For some reason they taste better at BC.. they just do! Special Sauce: I prefer the Hot & Juicy special sauce over the whole shabang! It has a stronger deeper flavor and you can definitely taste the garlic! BC can sometimes be way too salty for me..Overall, The Boiling Crab wins but not by that much! I still like to eat at both places ~
5	fantastic meal and a fun atmosphere
3	A-OkayI wouldn't go out of my way to come here again but I wouldn't rule it out if it was a convenient choice and my group was large. We had a party of 8, ordered lots of things and just shared with the table. The service was friendly and attentive, the prices weren't bad, and the place was pretty clean inside even though both locations on this street are in raunchy strip malls, and this location has very little parking. Corn Fritters: hands down the best thing we had here Cat fish: yummy corn meal battered and seasoned perfectlyCalamari: lightly battered fried golden okay on the seasoningCajun Fries: a delicious smoldering fire in my mouthPlan Fries: BlahJuicy Cajun med spicy, and lemon pepper pounds of shrimp: okay very large juicy shrimp that were fresh, but they should marinate the shrimp in their many sauces or seasonings for a while before boiled or use more seasoning while boiling the sauce just didn't stick making the shrimp pretty bland. Corn: Pretty good balanced the shrimp, although my mother didn't like that they put her piece in the juicy Cajun sauce instead of on the side. (simple fix if we return she can ask for it on the side so no biggie)Mozzarella sticks: okay nothing to write home about, jar marinara sauce  Sausage: Good and spicy I enjoyed the slices that were in the juicy Cajun sauce with the shrimpSweet Potato Fries: I'm just not a fan of these but a few people at the table that are a fan said they were standardSo the reason this place has 3 stars: 1. Food was just okay I've been to places just like this before with kicked up flavor with more menu options 2. I don't drink soda and all they offer is soda and beer, no lemonade no iced tea (even though the website says they have iced tea, major fail for me)??? I was puzzled by this pretty much every restaurant I go to offers at least one non soda option3. The timing for their food is completely retarded our food came out at least 8 minutes apart from each other like they have one boiling pot and one fryer.. the shrimp came out first (not our appetizers?) then the calamari dinner then the appetizers, then after 10 more minutes the 3 catfish dinners so half the table was done eating when the last 3 meals came out once again major fail!
4	Have been here  few times and have always loved it here!  The shrimp and the crab are my fav!  The wait staff has always been very friendly, although the most recent time i was there, they had already run out of a lot of menu items, and it was still very early in the night, which im not going to lie, of course upset me and made me highly consider going and trying out The Boiling crab... that review to come soon!  The space is very small, and you do feel like you are almost sitting ontop of the person besides you, and while eating food that tends to get very messy, thats not always a good feeling.  Over all, I have enjoyed my times here!
4	The girls their were super nice and friendly!!!They get 3 stars by themselves!!!The food was just ok.It reminds me of the boiling crab.Yes will go again.
3	Gave this place another chance.  Tried to come here for my birthday a few months ago, only to face a 45 minute wait, a trip to their 2nd location, a waitress dumping a full soda on our table and finding out there was no crab - blue crabs, Dungeness crab, snow crab , king crab - NONE at all - only when our server took our order.  This time, I called ahead and yes, they had crab available.  Pros - No wait at 6:15 on a Friday nightBeverages refilled promptlyServers were friendlyFood was goodCons -Two of us ordered Dungeness crab; and server gave each of us a claw cracker tool, and that was it.  No fork, no pick, not even a butter knife or even one of those "sea sheller" plastic gadgets.  How did they expect anyone to eat crab without any other tools?  One of us ordered the lobster, and he did get the sea sheller tool.  When I asked for two more, the server said she wasn't sure if they had more, but she would look!  Come on, it's a SEAFOOD restaurant, and you can't give your customers something as simple as a plastic tool to open crab legs?  She did manage to bring two more to our table.Only the crawfish included corn & potatoes.  I can understand not including sausage with boiled seafood, but one tiny potato and half an ear of corn for three people added $4 to our bill.  How hard could it be to just include this in every boiled seafood menu item?  Petty money grab, IMO. And . . .Sausage, corn and potatoes were brought to the table 10 minutes before we got our seafood.  They were cold by the time we ate them with our seafood.Marinara sauce with mozzarella sticks from appetizer menu was cold.Seasoning description on menu could have had more information.  I have no idea what was in "Juicy Cajun" or "Louisiana Style" - White pepper?  Black pepper?  Red pepper?  Paprika?  No clue whatsoever with no information in the menu, and server didn't know either.Parking lot is too small for the capacity of the restaurant.  If you go -Call ahead and ask if they have the seafood you wantPark on the streetIf you plan on ordering crab, bring your own crab toolsTell your server to bring the corn and potatoes with your seafood.
4	Good little spot if you dont feel like boiling up your own seafoods. it is what it is really can say much. the food is fresh reasonably priced and it has options. The staffing could use a little more help with promptness as well as friendliness. I think most of them are there just to make some cash but it should also be about the customer too!
4	I love hot and juicy craw fish! Every time I go to Vegas, I'd like to stop by and eat here. Although last night, the craw fish didn't taste good since it was "California" craw fish instead of Louisiana craw fish. It had a fishy smell and the shell was harder than usual. The head had this white stringy thing that lead to the back so it was gross to see and eat it. Other than that, the sauce is really good! I would definitely come back but I would order the Lousiana craw fish this time. Overall, I had a pleasant experience once again.
5	sooooooooooo effin good! enough said
4	To me I thought Hot N Juicy was just like boiling Crab, Everything tasted the same except I thought their Fried Shrimp Basket was delicious.It seems like they fried their shirmp in corn meal which gave it a tasty bite and crunch.I think that was the only difference and you don't have to wait an 1 1/2 hour in line like Boiling Crab in Garden Grove.Prices I think are a little more expensive but hey they got to ship everything to Vegas...I would come back esp. for the Fried Shrimp.
3	HNJ Crawfish is just ok. For some reason my friend got his food right away and I didn't get mine for another 20 minutes by which time he had already finished. I got the snow crab and it was decent though nothing special imo.
5	Hubby and I went to get our hands dirty at Hot N Juicy. From reading previous reviews, we did have an idea on what to expect. Went on a Saturday evening and surprisingly didn't have a wait at all.We ended up odering oysters to start, king crab, snow crab and shrimp. Pretty good variety to test out. The crab was fresh and oooh so good. Gotta say I love that when you order spicy, it's exactly that. I was only slighly dissappointed on the waitress serving us, considering its pretty small, we had to flag her down a couple of times to get what we needed. This is now officially my husband's weekly request!
4	This is a must go to place if you visit Vegas and want some good crab. I lived down the street from this establishment and never went there until I was relaxing one day channel surfing and saw Adam Richman speaking on it.. Everyone I tell to go or take;never NOT, want that experience when in Vegas....
2	We came to Vegas for some fun! It was Saturday afternoon - so we were hungry. We had 2 pounds of crawfish, 2 of shrimps and 1 pounds of mussel. There was something different with the sauce. Crawfish seems like overcooked - really rubby taste! U I guess that kind of spoil the taste a bit. Shrimp could not go wrong. Mussel was good. Or maybe we got the end of the pot - sauces. I don't know. 65 bucks unsatisfied!
4	It was everything I heard it would be. So delicious. Definitely coming back.
5	This is where I want to eat every time we go out. I'm addicted and I can't get enough! We usually just get the shrimp and sometimes the crab too. However, this last time we tried the clams and muscles. The clams were good the muscles not so great, every one of the I would have sand. My husband always gets the extra hot and juicy sauce on the side, he's kinda crazy, but at this point he doesn't think its very hot anymore, it looks like MAGMA. I AM IN LOVE with the lemon pepper sauce.
5	What can I say, but finger licking good!The hubby had been here before on a seperate trip and always raved about this place and how "once you eat here you can never eat at boiling crab or any other place again".Now I believe him!The menu and format is the same, but their sauce is 100% times better. The spicy one is just the perfect level of savory, spicy all together in a bag of yummy goodness.We wanted clams but they sold out to our dismay, so we got some mussells, shrimp, crayfish, corn, and etoufee. Crayfish didnt have much meat and was a bit small, but its good to suck the heads! Everything was delicious and came out pipping hot. Service was friendly.I WISH we had one of these in the bay area.A must for foodies while in Vegas.
5	So I had my birthday dinner here with my friends and I have to say it was a freaking experience that was amazing. I cannot wait to go back. I was a little disappointed that the spiciest sauce was not as spicy as I wanted, Next time I go I'll have to see if  they can kick it up a notch. Also its good to have rice on the side to suck up all the tasty juices.
4	11/1/12 - 6:30pm - I will admit, I am not a huge fan of Louisiana style seafood. However a large group of us were going out for dinner and this is the place they selected. I am pretty opened minded with food and wanted to give it a good shot. The place is busy, I definitely recommend planing to arrive with the possibility you will have to wait a minute for a table. My girlfriend and I had a lb of Shrimp mild with the hotnspicy special seasoning and a lb of blue crap with garlic butter. We also ordered the cajun fries and corn fritters. The shrimp showed up in a bag marinating in the sauce, the crab came shortly after in its own bag with the fries and fritters in tow. It was messy to eat and absolutely delicious!! I would definitely recommend the pace to anyone who wants to go enjoy some delicious seafood with incredible flavor. We had a great time and thoroughly enjoyed the food!!
4	the food here was great! The crawfish tasted fresh and they let u control how spicy you want it.  I always chose the most spicy lol.  The people here are always nice to me.  I wish the girl at the front desk would smile more, it would make me feel more invited.  All in all , a good experience and i would come here everytime i have a crawfish craving.
5	I had heard so much about this place, I finally met up with some friends for lunch to try it out!Do not come here if you are afraid of getting a little messy! I ordered a pound of crab legs and, after a little hesitation, dug right in! I have never had crab that you had to actually crack open the shell, it was very different! I absolutely loved it. My friends ordered the fried shrimp basket, rolls, corn, and crawfish. We left the restaurant with full stomachs and smiles. :-) I would reccommend this place to anyone who likes seafood!
5	This is their second location just a block from the over-busy original. Wow! This is a must when in Vegas! The crawfish, shrimp, mussles, and crab were all amazing! All were served bathed in cajun spice on a plastic clad table. FUN and YUMMY!!! Please open one in Scottsdale!!!
5	Amazing!Crawfish are best when in season and FRESH.. I went here in the off season, when the crawfish are frozen, and they were STILL delicious. Also tried the shrimp, the cajun fries (a bit too spicy for us) and the corn fritters (OMG!!).  Everything is messy, juicy, and so satisfying..During the summer its recommended to call ahead for seating or just expect a wait. Our waitress told us this place is usually PACKED. We will continue to come here when we visit Vegas.. The perfect lunch spot after an foot massage in Chinatown :)
4	Seafood lover paradise....prepare to be messy but it's all good
4	Ok, when my friends told me we were going to hot and juicy AND we were in Vegas, I couldn't help but think they wanted to go to a strip joint that served food!!!Who would have known they had boiling seafood in Vegas?! With a pretty big Chinatown too.Service was pretty awesome. We get gloves, ultd supply of towels, people who check up on us all the time, and the waitresses would stay and chitchat with us. Awesome. It seemed like genuine interaction too, which was appreciated.
4	I love seafood and this place definitely has fresh seasonal seafood from blue crab, crawfish, clams, lobster, oyster, and shrimp. Since this place is usually packed, it's recommended that you call ahead for reservations. The staff and service is very helpful in recommendations and attentiveness. They will refill your glasses of water when they get a chance, get more napkins whenever they come to your table with more orders, and make sure you order enough before the kitchen is closed. The set up is simple: order seafood by the pound. You can choose the seasoning for your seafood (like Louisiana Style, Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, Hot N Juicy Special) as well as the spice level. Then, the food is served in clear plastic bags and all you need to do is rip it open and dig in. You can make a mess on the table and not worry about the clean up. It's messy, it's fun, and it's delicious. Besides seafood, you could order sides like their Cajun fries or rolls to soak up the flavorful broth or sauce that is used to cook the seafood. Fast, fun, and filling, Hot N Juicy Crawfish is the best place for people who want a feast of fresh seafood without the worry of cooking or cleaning up.
4	The name says it all! It sure was hot and juicy!!!We had an order of:Fried Shrimps (battered was ok)Calamari (average)Louisiana style crawfish (dang that was hot for medium)Hot and Juicy shrimps (BOMB)Hot and Juicy Crawfish (flavors exploded in my mouth)Some sort of deep fried popcorn CORN (YUM)Their crawfishies did not disappoint.
5	Came on Monday at 12:00. Ordered a pound of shrimp in hot n spicy sauce and 2 lbs of snow crab legs in the same sauce.And the sweetest, yummiest corn ever.So tasty and delicious. We were full all day and yes, you will stink of garlic for the next couple days, but it is totally worth it. The place was full with 2 waiters but they accomidated to all of our needs quickly and brought out the food fast. It was totally yummy. There are 2 locations on the same street, so if one is too busy, try the other one. Totally worth it.
4	Shrimp was great.. Crawfish were small.. Overall food was good.. Try the medium spice.. It is hot..
4	One pound of shrimp. Hot n' Juicy sauce. Medium. And a side of corn. That's all you need to leave here stuffed out of your mind. The scent of their cajun sauce will creep up on you for the next 24 hours and will stay on your fingers for a few days no matter how much you scrub it off. Quite frankly, though, why would you want to get rid of it? I've never been to Boiling Crab so I have nothing to compare to, but the Hot n' Juicy sauce is out of this world. Garlicy, sweet, spicy, savory, and any other cajun-related flavor sensation imaginable is packed into it. Shrimp is the way to go to get the most value. Why would anyone want to pay for a pound of crawfish and end up eating only 1/4 of it? Service is so-so. Since this location is smaller than its counterpart down the road, it can get pretty packed. Make a reservation ahead of time or prepare to wait at least 45 min for a large group like we did. Although the waitresses seem to be doing the best they can, they screwed up one of our orders and made it seem like they were doing us a favor by fixing it later. Not the greatest way to handle a situation...I'm with Adam Richman 100% of the way when he said "I could sit here eating some of the best crustaceans in the country all day."
5	The seafood and dining experience was great!  We ordered the crawfish and snow crab and it came out perfect. We were very impressed. Will definitely come back when we're back in town again!Oh and Phil is the shit!! :)
5	I love me some Hot n' Juicy.It's hard for me to say this is better than Boiling Crab, but I definitely think HnJ beats BC by a tad bit.  Their cajun sauce has a better kick and is a little more garlicky and spicy, which I like.  Get shrimp with the whole Hot n' Juicy cajun sauce and adjust according to your spice level.  Then prepare for a great meal.They give you bibs and plastic gloves so as to not dirty yourself while you shamelessly devour into succulent shrimp and eat like you haven't eaten in days.Wait time can be a bit long depending on how many people are in your party, but it's worth the wait and oh-so-delicious.Come.  That is all.
3	My friend took us to this place off the strip.  He was really craving some Cajun-style seafood and he definitely knew of this place.  It's one of his favorites.  As for me, it's just A-OK.They have really great service here.  Even though we were here with only half the party, they sat the first half and let us order first.  It took over 30 minutes for the other half of our party to arrive.  That was really accommodating.I had some of the shrimp and corn with the hot'n'juicy seasonings.  It was good and what I expected out of this place.  Decently fresh seafood with some spices.The things I don't like about these places are that they aren't environmentally friendly at all.  You're doing this picnic style with plastic bags, styrofoam cups, plastic utensils.  They even dole out rolls of paper towels.  I can't get behind that kind of restaurant or paying through the nose to de-shell my own seafood.Still, the food is above decent and I always love me some good seafood.
5	When I first landed in Vegas, my cousin couldn't stop talking about this place. We are both from Chicago, so unfortunately, they do not have a location by us. He have tried this place tons of times before and since he hyped this place up so much, I had to try it myself.The first day, we tried 2lbs of crawfish, crab legs, and shrimp. We also got the cajun fries, which is a good compliment to all those seafood. We got everything with the hot and juicy mild sauce because this was what my cousin recommended. Everything was so good, but I didn't really like the crawfish. They are small and requires more time to eat than the shrimp and crab legs. You also get very little out of the crawfish. I would not recommend this. The shrimp and crab legs are really good and the sauce was perfect!The second time we came back here was a few days later. We came back with a bigger group and ordered a storm again. This time we only ordered shrimp, crab legs, and cajun fries again. Everything was once again perfect and I wanted to come back here again before we left back to Chicago. Sadly, this was my last time here and till this day, I would come here as my 1st stop after landing in Vegas. I also must say that after all this food, my gf and uncle threw up afterwards. Everyone else was fine though.I also heard that this location is better than the other location, but I have never tried the other one yet. Also, for all you outsiders, prepare to get your hands dirty and do not wear a white shirt. It is messy and you eat with gloves and a bib.
5	this place is GREAT! If you're looking for a stylish and fancy place, this is not for you. There is no glamour in pealing and cracking crabs, or looking like you're about to perform surgery (due to gloves and bibs). However, everything tastes amazing and because intensive product rotation, I do believe everything is very fresh. Crawfish is overrated, thou. It is hard to crack and you get a small amount of meat.  I always order shrimp and king crab, both with Hot N juicy sauce (extra spicy!). Do not miss sides of corn and potatoes. This place is fun and delicious. Best of its kind.
5	This is a late review, but I thought I'd do one anyways.Went here during this past summer (2012) and my boyfriend and I loved it, well I'd say he loved it more than me. We were on vacation in Vegas for a week and we ended up coming here for dinner twice (on our first night there as well as our third).  The wait can be a little long, but totally worth the wait. Living in Hawai'i we have a huge assortment of seafood, but it's pricey. When we saw how much it cost for a pound of king crab legs, we were kind of surprised because it's cheaper, and I'd say, reasonable. If you're not into getting your fingernails dirty, then this might not be the place for you, although they do provide you with gloves and a whole roll of paper towels to clean yourself up. Aside from that, I'd give this place 5 stars because I had an awesome experience, both times.
1	No star if I could. The stench of this place you won t be able to get rid of for days... The food isn't good. If it wasn't for the very hot sauce that masks any flavor you d be able to notice that there is no taste. The shrimps were big but no taste, crawfish, and blue crab were no better. Do your self a favor and pass!
5	My favorite seafood restaurant! The hot and juicy sauce is addicting!!!!
5	Always a highlight of my Vegas trips.  I stopped going to seafood buffets once I found this place.  Their sauce is hands down better than the Boiling Crab and they serve the biggest king crab legs I've come across.
4	I love the seasoning! Best in town compared to cravin crawfish and boiling crab. Love the food but dislike the service and management. They just seem everywhere and disorganized and not very attentive. If only the service was like boiling crab! That place is good too, but can't beat hnj seasoning!
4	I first went to HNJ on a Saturday afternoon.  Although it was crowded, we got right in with no wait.  We each had a pound of crawfish with the special, which is the mix of the various flavors.  We also got it on the "medium hot" side.  I like stuff hot, but I have heard they can really put the heat on, so I was a little concerned about ordering it straight up hot.  We also got some fried shrimp with french fries to share.The crawfish is delicious, but you have to WORK to get them.  They have so little meat, I would recommend shelling quite a few before eating.  In subsequent trips, my wife has had the shrimp, which are of course much larger.  They have a much better pay off, but don't have the delicious heads to suck out like the crawfish do.I was surprised by how good the fried shrimp was.  It's probably the best I have had in the valley.  The coating was crunchy, but not overly thick or greasy.  And, they are large.  This was surprising and certainly welcome.  All in all, HNJ lives up to its considerable hype after being featured on so many TV shows.  Give it a shot.
5	Great little place.  Worth the trek off the strip.  Remember to get some extra potatoes, corn and sausage as they don't come with the crawfish.
5	"You should write, 'Valerie cracked my lobster!'" -- Valerie, Hot N Juicy Crawfish Staff MemberDone and done.I brought a friend who was in town for CES here for dinner on 1/9/2013. We had one lobster and a pound of shrimp accompanied by rice, sausages, corn, and rolls. We made quick work of the shrimp but had trouble opening the lobster, which was where Valerie came in. She happily broke the lobster, displaying a steady hand laced with aggression.The service at Hot N Juicy Crawfish was excellent. I like it when any server can help you out. One server took our order, another one brought out glasses of water, another one cracked our lobster, and another one brought out our beers. They're very accommodating and understanding of the messy premise of eating crustaceans swimming in bags of spicy sauce. I saw one server rolling up the sleeves of a customer at a neighboring table.Excellent food and excellent service make Hot N Juicy a prime destination to satisfy your seafood cravings.
5	After CES was over for the day I wanted to stop by Hot & Juicy because I'd seen it on TV. This place is very worth going to. I had the 1 pound craw fish on their spiciest levels with a side of fries. Man that was so good and filling which I under estimated.Now the atmosphere & staff there are very energetic, exciting, and friendly. And last my server Valerie. This is the first server, probably ever that I can remember her name a week later, why, because she did anything and everything to make sure I felt like a special customer, no, like a guest. I, like everyone else, has had great servers but Valerie tops them all. I don't know if I came on the greatest day of her life or it's the music playing that gives the good vibes but it's servers like Valerie with their awesome food that get me coming back when I'm back in Vegas. I can go on and on about how great this place is as well as the people working in there. So if your a seafood fan you have to stop here.                      David from Anaheim, CA
5	Love this place!  The wait staff is always friendly.
5	The shrimp is incredible, I can't wait to go back. It is very messy but equally as Delicious!! Make sure to wear the gloves that you will need them
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Everything is perfect. Food is awesome, staff and service is great. I prefer HnJ over BC. Only down part about it is the parking! A +++ for Hot N Juicy!
5	I have to say, this is the first place Adam Richman got right. The quality, the value and the atmosphere are well worth the trip off the strip. We had 2 lbs of crawfish, 1/2 lb of shrimp, 1 lb mussels, 1 dozen oysters, Cajun fries, drinks and it was $90 including tip. We will definitely be back.
4	my favorite are the snow crab legs. i like it with lemon pepper sauce. their shrimp is big and their garlic butter sauce is delicious! i even like to get rice on the side to put sauce on it and eat the rice like that if i'm feeling really hungry. i'm not a fan of the hot n juicy special sauce though, i think it's a mixture of all the sauces put together and it just doesn't taste good. crawfish is good when in season long enough to grow big. when they're not in season they suck because it's frozen so it's mushy and doesn't taste as good.extra spicy is reallly spicy! to where its painful, so avoid unless you love very spicy food! i get spicy or medium.
5	If you head out to Vegas and start craving hot and juicy crawfish this place won't disappoint.  Chances are if you've been to Boiling Crab then you will be familiar with the set up, menu, and experience.  I like the sauce here better then BC and the food here is amazingly fresh!  Highly recommended!
5	Visit this place each and every time were in Vegas. Drooling just thinking bout it!
4	I would agree that this place is a little better than boiling crab, in flavor and in service. Would definitely come back here when I am visiting Las Vegas again.
4	Good eating. 4lbs crawfish in the hot and juicy sauce. Mild spice. Wish i had ordered a notch up. Came with corn and potato. Also ordered 2lb shrimps. Delicious all around. Extremely messy. It was nice to try something different then all the buffets i ate the previous few days. Price was came out to about $60 or so. Will be back when i visit once again.
4	I don't want to lower my rating here, but something must be addressed:Prices. This is an eatery with fluctuating prices based on market sales, so what a pound of shrimp costs today might not be what it costs tomorrow. And their entire menu lists "Market Price" where you'd normally find actual numbers. So, where do they display this crucial information?On the back of my waitress' order book. They used to have a BIG SIGN advertising the day's prices. You know what's there now? A couple fucking TVs. How ingenious! Why let your customers know your prices when they could instead zone out on some fucking game and ignore the people they're dining with, all while annoying a waitress by making her hold up her "price guide" while I decide if I want king crab or clams. Best part: there isn't even a fucking bar in front of the fucking TVs. Not that this place even needs one, but the lack of seating around these TVs proves their lack of worth even more so. If you own this place/are a manager: lose the fucking boob tubes and try to look like a real eatery, not another jerk-off spot with 26 TVs. I go out to eat (novel concept, eh?), not space out on crap. Get with it, guys.
4	Absolutely love both locations (which are like two blocks away from each other. I always get at least one pound of the fresh crawfish and a little of this and a little of that depending on who I'm with.My last trip I did find a piece of metal (scrubbing sponge thingy) in my fried calamari. They took it off the check for me no problem.Put a bib on because it gets a little messy with all the juicy deliciousness in the bag. Beware, you will smell like the things you order (plus garlic) for more than a little bit, but it's so tasty that it's all good with me!!!
5	The hubby and I had a Monday off together and chose to visit this place among a list of others.  We arrived around 12:15 shortly after they opened and got a seat right away.  We both ordered the shrimp.  Mine medium and juicy cajun.  His Spicy and Louisiana style.  We loved them both!  The juicy Cajun was a lot better and more favorable.  Each bag of 1lb shrimp was $10 and included about 15-20 giant shrimp.  We added a few potatoes and corn and it was all worth it.  This place is what they say they are.  They serve hot and juicy seafood.  Enough said.  You will get messy eating here, so don't wear your Sunday best!  You can't find anything like this on the strip.  Hands down worth every penny and a great food experience.  We will be back soon!
5	I'm a Californian and this place is equivalent to Boiling Crab. Highly recommend!
5	I never thought I'd find a better cajun seafood place than Boiling Crab until I came here. Sorry BC but Hot N Juicy just has their sauce spot on. Something about that Hot N Juicy Special sauce, it has a similar taste to the "whole shebang" but it has a creamy/butter factor that knocks it out of the park. Got a pound of shrimp and a pound of crawfish with a side of cajun fries. It was awesome!
5	What can I say? I love Hot N Juciy! This restaurant is by far one of my favorite places to eat at. I am going to start off by saying all of their food choices are amazing, however, their shrimp is the best. I always get a pound of the Hot and Juicy special and not once have I been disappointed. Their sauces are fantastic, the garlic gives it a nice kick. The fact that you can actually interact with your food makes it an even better experience. The prices are great for the quality of food you get, so no complaints there. I must also say that their service is spectacular. All of their servers are very upbeat and always checked on their customers. I go there so much that they now recognize me. They are so much fun, I can safely say that this is one of the better places off-the-strip in terms of service. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a high-quality cajun seafood place, just make sure to bring gum for that garlicky smell.
5	There are not too many places where I feel a bib is necessary to eat, I mean I'm an adult and can handle putting food in my mouth without spilling it all over myself.  Hot N Juicy is the rare exception to this rule.  Breaking into crawfish and sucking the juice from their heads is messier than one would expect.  I can vouch for the crawfish, crab legs and lobster.  I'm also a huge fan of the Hot N Juicy Special seasoning.  I have kind of a "When in Rome" approach to food ... if something is a specialty or a namesake, more often than not it's damn good.  When I lived in Vegas, I would frequent this place often and bring visitors from out of town here.  Never a dissatisfied experience or visitor.A few thing to keep in mind though ... expect to wear a bib and smell like Hot N Juicy for the rest of the day ... maybe into the next day.  This place is also crowded, expect to wait ... It's well worth the wait though.  Hot N Juicy is an experience, be ready to get your hands dirty.
5	What can you say about a place that is so successful that they can open a 2nd location just 2 block away and keep both of them packed?  Yes, the food is that good.  I took my daughter and her family there after an outing at Lake Mead.  With my daughter - there was no contest .. she LOVED the place.  Even my son-in-law who detests seafood, managed to shnork down 2 pounds of Canjun shrimp.  Please note that unless you met the lady while SCUBA diving, this is NOT the place to take a first date with thoughts of impressing her.  Eating here is pure "Hands On" and it can get messy.  So, let the kid in you out and dig in with Both hands!
5	Had dinner here yesterday it was crazy busy and we had to wait about 45 minutes.  It turned out to be totally worth the wait!  We had a party of 4 and we tried most of boiled options (except for lobster since they were out).  Our waitress Valerie was incredibly helpful all of her recommendations were spot on.  We had crawfish with garlic butter, shrimp with lemon pepper,  mussels with garlic butter, clams with lemon pepper, dungenous crab with garlic butter, snow crab with hot and juicy spice, oysters, corn and corn fritters.  Our favorites were the shrimp (we had it twice) and the snow crab.  We will be back for sure.
5	I've always been a fan of Hot N Juicy even though I'm allergic to shellfish (nothing Benadryl can't fix).  It's laid-back, service is great and the food is simple but fantastic.  It's always busy...packed with locals and tourists.  We go here a lot especially around lent.  If this location gets to crazy-busy, there's another one a few blocks away.They have oysters, mussels, crab legs, lobster, blue crab, clams, shrimps, and of course, crawfish.  With the exception of the lobster, you order shellfish by the pound.  You can pick the seasoning you want: cajun, Louisiana style, garlic butter, lemon pepper and hot n juicy.  Pick your spice level: less than mild, mild, medium, spicy extra spicy.  Pick your sides and appetizers.  You get a bib and you could ask for a pair of gloves because it'll get messy...you don't want to ruin your manicure, do you?  I do away with gloves since I like to lick the juices off my fingers when I eat here. I'm not a big fan of crawfish because you it's too much work and you get a teeny tiny bit of crawfish meat.  I always get less than mild garlic butter...either crab legs or lobster.  Hey, if I'm going to have an anaphylactic reaction, I might as well make it count.  Don't take your date here unless you've been together forever.  Or maybe you can test-drive your date to see if he/she's down to get dirty.  The garlic smell lingers...on your breath and hands no matter how many times you brush your teeth, gargle and wash your hands.  After a day, you should be good to go.
4	When this first opened it pretty much didn't have much competition, that is no longer true. We have eaten there numerous times and the food is good. We love the crab, so sweet and meaty, even the snow crab. The sausage is perfect, crisp skin and just the right amount of spice. The etouffee is yummy, it actually tastes like the one I had in New Orleans. The fries are good, not really spicy though.  We never had the lobster there, just figured crab was their thing.  My only issue is the explanation of the spice level is sort of off. I can eat very spicy food, but for some reason, maybe due to the messiness, I get cuts all over my mouth from the peppers. On my second visit, I even downgraded the spice level, but yet again the same occurrence. I tend to now stay close to mild. Maybe I have sensitive skin, I don't know. Never the less, it's always a very good meal. But we have had better now. Don't get me wrong it's awesome food. Service is hit or miss. They are just so busy. But even really busy I have had an awesome male server.These are my negatives 1.) What is up with the tiny, tiny plastic ramekin for all those fries?? Seriously? Every time I go I have to ask for ketchup like 6 times and every single time (with exception of that awesome guy server we had) they bring 1 tiny, tiny ramekin. I don't consider myself the queen of common sense but I feel like I am dealing with servers that might not have the sense of urgency and common sense gene! If you are busy, wouldn't you just say  "F it, let me bring her the freaking bottle, because I don't have time for crazy ketchup lady!! " ?But no, again comes that plastic ramekin of 1 tablespoon of ketchup. Oh, OK I have calmed down, please excuse my rant. I guess I didn't realize how upset I was about the ketchup, I will get over it and move on. ( I don't mean to offend any of those servers they do work hard and service really isn't bad) Plus, I haven't been there in a few months, so maybe things have changed.Negative #2) The seating is a little congested for my liking. Tables are way to close together. I do understand it's a small place, so it's to be expected. But for me, when I want to relax and enjoy a meal this venue isn't appetizing to me.3.) 2 restrooms, again it's limited spacing so I understand. But it doesn't mean I like it. And no bar to wait until your table is ready. Maybe I am spoiled. I don't like sitting, if you are lucky to get a seat ,Like I am waiting for a bus outside.Well, in conclusion, is it good food.? Yes it's great! I chose to come here when the negatives are not going to bother me. When I am hungry and want to grub and I don't care who sees or what I see!
5	The food at Hot & Juicy is always good but when your service is great it makes it all that much better.  Thank you Judi for taking such good care of us on February 21, 2013.  Great food, great service!  Thank you - Terri, Frank, Sheryl & David.
4	Omgggg so! I kept hearing about these places,them n bc. In Vegas I stopped by, paid $11 a lb for hot n juicy special. 2lb minimum n it came w corn n potatoe. In total $26 bc I added sausage which was worth it. $26 was super steep bc of the name I suppose. In Texas it's the same quality just not as expensive. The food was HOT N JUICY. for ppl who like spicy,get spicy not mild. I came home from Vegas later that night n my bf made me bathe bc I smelled like it lol. It's true it stays on you but yummy. At least go once. At first I was pissed bc some of the fishtails were small.
4	The sauce is delicious!!! We went there twice twice in two days during our recent visit.  Highly recommend his place to those interested in some good eating.
3	Went here on a Thursday night. I was craving fried catfish. The place was packed, so I figured that's usually a good sign of good food. I can't say I was completely wrong, but I wasn't satisfied. See, down in the Bayou, we don't "bread" our catfish. It's more like a cornmeal batter.. This place's catfish was heavily breaded and wasn't what I expected after hearing so many good things about Hot N Juicy. Not enough flavor, but at least the Sapporo was good! I'm sure that the specialty here is the crawfish (which I'll have another time), but that's a different review. Service was great and the girls working were full of spunk, polite and respectful.
3	Talk about a feast! Come hungry, leave stuffed! There was a 20 minute wait (friday night, not bad) and there was a line of about 25 + people outside waiting to be seated. I ordered the Blue Crab, garlic-butter-was pleasantly surprised. Spice levels are about 10 notches higher than whatever you order so BEWARE. Prices are reasonable, food was good.
5	OH VEGAS!Hot & Juicy Crawfish is by far the BEST Crawfish joint I've ever been to. I live in San Jose, and there is no place that compares to this.Crawfish, muscles, crab, and shrimp all blasted with flavor. This is a place I always have to stop by every time I'm in Vegas. Fast, Fantastic service, and a friendly staff. BOMB.COMEveryone must try this place, this place will not disappoint you.
4	Oh my gosh. After today's visit, I finally understand the hype around HNJ! This place is GOOD. The only thing that sucks is the wait! So it's a good thing it's worth it!We had a few people visiting from Texas, so my best friend Randy and I had to be strategic about getting a party of 10 people in this small space. Since they don't take reservations, I planned to put our name down early and wait before everyone else got there. The wait was at least 30 minutes when we got there. By the time everyone showed up, it had been 40 minutes, however, the hostess came out to inform us that they were preparing our table! Wonderful timing and within another five minutes, we had a table in the middle of the restaurant.The food was delicious and with a large group, the experience was so much fun! I don't normally like getting dirty or using my hands, but with the bibbs, plastic gloves, cracker, sheller, and paper towels, it made dinner very enjoyable. I ordered a pound of the KING CRAB LEGS (market price today was $25.99/lb) with the Hot N Juicy Special (all the seasonings combined) in Medium. Oh, it was so tasty and those legs were huge! It was challenging with thin plastic gloves and legs with gigantic spikes, so I utilized three pairs of gloves and several paper towels. I think there needs to be gardening gloves and/or real towels for those heavy duty crab legs! It can be pretty dangerous. Ruben and I also ordered the calamari and Cajun fries. All delicious! But that Hot N Juicy Special seasoning/sauce, WOW.Wonderful, wonderful place. The service was just okay, but I know they're busy and honestly, you're so consumed with wrestling crab legs that you forget your server hasn't checked on you. As long as they remember to keep the beverages filled, there's nothing lacking. Can't wait to go back!
3	I think the food was good and the service was better than good. I think my review comes down to how messy the food is and much you have to work to get to it. I will prob try this place again but I am not sure if it is really that special. If you love seafood and working to eat it than this might just be your place. If you are not a big seafood fan than I think you might think about this place the same as I did. I had crawfish, shrimp and crab. I enjoyed two out of the three, though there was a lot of work getting the crawfish and the crab as to be expexted I guess. I enjoyed the shrimp most which I ordered medium with sausage, corn and potatoes. If I come back here again this is what I will be ordering. Overall for me just an ok place to eat. Prob a little over hyped.
4	Great shellfish selection.  It is important that you understanding your preference for spicy level and how that translates to their heat scale is critical. A mix of all the flavors and spicy is not a good look. The flavor becomes confusing essentially cancelling each other out. I enjoy spicy food but the individual flavors (Cajun, garlic, etc...) medium spicy is best here. None spicy is best for older folks and children. The spiciness affected my digestion.Bring plastic gloves because the sauces are wet can linger on your finger.
5	BAGS AND BAGS OF CRUSTACEANS YES PLEASE!!! We drove by this place and I'm like, "Hey!  I think I read about this place on Yelp!".  We waited for about 10 minutes on a Saturday night and then got a booth.  Our waitress was super helpful guiding us through the different flavors and the types of seafood.  We eventually settled on 2 pounds of crawfish and 0.5 pound of shrimp.  i think next time, 1 pound of shrimp, 1 pound crawfish and 1 pound of crab/lobster.  Crawfish heads had tons of flavor BUT paying per pound is working against you with crawfish because it's all shell....at least shrimps have thin shells!  Order with beer, order some bread to dip into the sauce.  Wear clothes that you don't like because you WILL STINK like garlic for days to come.  I saw one table with plastic gloves on which may be a good idea....but then I think you lose a bit of the experience if you use gloves.  Do GO!  This is a MUST DO OFF STRIP experience!!!!
5	we had to wait about 20 minutes for our seat but it was worth it. the service was super nice. the choices were great! we ordered 4 pounds of crawfish, 2 pounds of shrimp, 1 pound of blue crab, extra corn and sides of rice. OMG. i love it when my mouth is on fire and this was a great experience. they offered gloves if you didn't want to get your hands super spicy and they offered bibs! refills were frequent and the staff were attentive. i really enjoyed everything!!!
4	I give it 4 stars because I still like Boiling Crab (whole shebang) after trying HNJ out. Service was subpar. Waitress kept forgetting to bring us what we asked for so we told her not to bring it after we were done with our order.
5	You like spice? you like dirty hands? you like casual? you want to be blown out of this world? This place is it. It's sooooooooooo good and dirty.  Your hands will be filled with sticky sweet goodness as you tear of the shrimp and whatever you find in the bag. If there was a spoon i'd scoop it all out, heck i should have just drank the gravy since i have my plastic apron on.  The gravy tastes even better when rice added to it. Forget all the other sides, just order your crawfish and shrimp and slurp/peel away. Hot and Juicy, Good and Messy. Now that's my kind of food.
3	It tasted great. The service was great. ....but a terrible thing happened.I ordered the king crab and clams. While I was eating a clam; I piece of a prawn's exoskeleton creeped into my mouth. I cannot handle tentacles and the sauce was loaded with prawn parts!I realize that this is a place that your "food touches" but pawns are just the things of nightmares and it kinda spoiled the crab. (and for $26 a pound.... it shouldn't be spoiled with drifting pieces-parts of other animals.)
4	Really good stuff, everything tasted fresh, spicy as their name and menu suggests and you get reasonable portions for the amount you pay. I had 1lb of crawfish, 1lb of shrimp, and 1lb of clams, and in retrospect I would say 2.5 lbs instead of the 3lbs I had would have been a better choice as I was extremely full after this. If you like crawfish then go ahead and order it here, if you never had it or are on the fence I would refrain because a) its much harder to eat than the other items b) they can be somewhat small so you spend a lot of time for little meat.I am docking a star because of the garlic overpower at times, and surprisingly it lasts for about 10 hours after you eat and you will have it in your breath and constantly taste it even after brushing your teeth. Wake up in the morning and you might be burping garlic flavors. They have a few different flavors so not everything has to be spicy and hot but it all mixes so it tastes pretty much the same.
5	Came here the other night and order my usual 1 lb of lemon pepper shrimp and with it came limes. WHAT?! Limes?!?! So I give it a try, I figure well if they are serving them with it, it has to be amazing.....It was!! Next time I think I will try the hot n juicy sauce with the limes.
4	I've heard a lot about this place, so I was really excited to finally try it.  I was told in advance to get shrimp instead of the craw-fish so you don't have to do as much removing of shells.The waits are long here and parking is very scarce up front, so be prepared to park on the side street.  The menu is very simple and the waitress is more than willing to explain how everything works.We ordered a basket of the hot fries for the table and they lived up to their name.  As tasty as they were it's a good thing to split with a group because I imagine they wear on you in the long-run.I decided on the Hot N Juicy special sauce shrimp.  They bring it out in a hot plastic bag and from there you go to town.  After an intro lesson from someone in our party, I was peeling shrimp faster and faster as the night went on.  It definitely is a lot of work peeling especially when the food is still a little hot, but on the plus side it slows your pace of eating so you don't eat too much!After all was said and done the food was OK, It's been 3 days and I still have a hint of garlic smell on my hands and the next day when I went for a run my sweat smelled like the sauce!  For all the effort you put in I wish the food was better, but the experience is something to live.Tip:  Make sure to not wear any fancy clothing and possibly ask for gloves so your hands don't stink for days.
3	my rating is low bec. I compared "Hot N Juicy" with "Boiling Crab"#1 the waitresses in boiling crab is hands down way cuter and friendlier. there was a server that we asked "how long is the wait, we have been waiting 15min already", he replied "well good for you" then left. I was ready to punch that idiot there and then....i calmed down and we were seated in a booth#2 the booth made my back hurt. It was sinking too much in the butt area and was not giving way in the legs area. if you were there to lounge and have some drinks, this would have been nice but you need to eat on the table and it was a task to lean forward for us to eat.we ordered 2 lbs. of crawfish with the special sauce in mild level(mild level was for my  Girlfriend)....#3 their mild level sauce is like a hot level sauce. I am not a big fan of spicy hot stuff but i could take some heat. I like wasabe, kimchi, the rooster sauce, tabasco i even eat a pickled jalopeno on its own with out trouble. but the mild sauce that this place offers made the surrounding of our lips look like it had wind burn. either the waitress or food server made a mistake or their mild level is way too hot to be mild.so bottom line: WILL I GO BACK.....NO!, "Boiling Crab" is just a few minutes away
4	Be prepared to get down and dirty here!!!!!This place was so yummy!! Maybe even TOO yummy.  Definitely ate more than my little tummy could handle. Had the shrimp with potatoes and corn.  So tasty.  Our waitress was nice, our service was great. I enjoy these kinds of places.  And I am glad that there is one near where I live.
5	Yum!!!! This place is awesome! I do prefer boiling crab, but this place is still tasty! Be warned: Their medium level of spice is very, very hot!!!!!!!
5	I loved this place. I ate there 2 weeks ago and am still craving it. I would definitely recommend this place. Make sure to get the cajun fries with your order!
5	Super spicy!! I love it. They really mean it when they say its spicy woo! Great friendly and fast service too :))
3	This review is for the location closest to hwy 15. The reason for 3 stars, their 'mild' was still very spicy that I could not enjoy the food as much as I wanted to.  And the crab (whole dungeness crab) that my friend ordered was not packed with meat.  It was if the middle cavity, which is the best part of the crab, had all the meat taken out.  Weird. Otherwise, the shirmps were jumbo and sweet.  The service was spot on.  Our server Javier was very attentive given a busy Friday night. Gloves were given to each table in case you didn't want to get your hands covered in sauce.  Crab crackers were also given at every table who ordered crab.  Free soda refills table side was given at the drop of the hat.
4	Did somebody say CRAWFISH? omg, where?!?! I looooove crawfish. Heck, I absolutely love seafood, period! When my boyfriend and I were in Vegas, we decided to check out Hot N Juicy Crawfish. I know there's one in Fountain Valley but we wanted to check out the O.G. Hot N Juicy restaurant. Wasn't this place featured on one of the food network shows or something? Anyway, the servers were nice and informative. The reason why I say informative is because one of the servers thoroughly explained to us the concept of eating crawfish. When she was explaining, I was laughing in my head because shoot, I am a pro/master at eating this stuff! Not to brag but I worked at a crawfish restaurant before so yeaaa I think I am pretty familiar with this stuff haha! Nonetheless, it was still fun listening to her show us how to eat crawfish. Anyway, on to judging the food itself... The seasoning was very good! I thought it would be whatevers and nothing can compare to Boiling Crab's seasoning but the seasoning here comes close to Boiling Crab. If I'm ever in Vegas, I will stop by Hot N Juicy again. I wonder if the seasoning at the Hot N Juicy Crawfish in Fountain Valley taste similar to the one in Vegas...
5	This place is simply awesome. Their special Hot n Juicy sauce is better than crack and pairs wonderfully with Shrimp, Crawfish, Clams...damn, the entire menu...It's pretty spicy but feels so good in your mouth...And best of all, its very affordable..For two people, we had  2.5lbs of crawfish, shrimp and clams chased down with 4 beers and the bill was only $47! I love this place! Better than anything you can get in New Orleans!
5	My favorite crawfish spot so far!!! I really like how they cook the crawfish. It was flavorful without being over-sauced. Just enough garlic so it did not over power the cajun flavor. Most of other crawfish places are salty, too much butter, and drowned in powder. This place is different. When I saw the bag of crawfish, I only saw crawfish, not a bag of red sauce. Fries were crisp and spiced! Service was great. Love it!
4	Yummy- huge shrimp for about $10 a pound. Huge crawfish for same price. My hubby and I ordered 2 pounds of crawfish and 2 pounds of shrimp. Yummy. Also ordered an extra potato and corn which they brought out in a styrofoam cup with the awesome hit n juicy special sauce with loads of garlic. Yummy. I loved it. We ordered medium and mild hit n juicy special seasoning. It is hot but good. And please ask for gloves because not only will your hand smell like garlic for days but if u have small cuts from peeling crawfish in your hands, all that spiciness will burn your hands. I would go back next time we come back.  U have to come by and try it out. Very casual atmosphere and awesome music. Wear casual clothing and tie up your hair.0, because u will get dirty from all that sauce on your hands.
3	I had visited this place for the very first time and I did not have a good experienced eating here. I had place a mild order for the sauces on a pound of shrimp. I guess they have a different interpretation of mild. I could not taste the shrimp because it was too hot for me. So that was a negative point  for me and I did not went back for a while. Our usual place was not open till 3PM we could not wait any longer because we were hungry and we thought to give this place another try. This time I ordered a pound of shrimp with no spice at all zero! It came out good but they missed out one order. I have to ask 3 times!for that...  Have to waved somebody to have a refill etc... I did not want to elaborate more on to the negativity of the service. I rather suggest for the improvement. More added help would be nice, so we the customer can get more the attention on our dining experience. Good service good  tip..works both ways. More training on the wait staff on how to take orders. One of these days maybe we will be back and give it another try and update this rating. I hope it will be a better experience with a great review. Who knows third time might be a charm.
4	Am a big fan of a shrimp boil, but this place brought it to a new level.  We ordered shrimp and crawfish--loved them both. As far as flavoring we like Hot and Juicy which is a mix of all the flavors. Wouldalso  recommend adding the sausage to either for a few dollars extra. Also the sweet potato fries are great.  Went for lunch and got right in, but we were there when they opened.
5	Love the food at this place ...Shrimp is just delicious !!!
5	**Confession: The seafood @ this spot is absolutely amazing!!!!!**Of course a pescetarian like myself is always in the mood for yummy seafood. A few weeks ago, my sis recommended that me & a friend check this place out for din din. OMG, I fell head over heels in love! It's always a good sign when you walk up to a place & there are people lined up outside the door, waiting to be seated. There was also a large number of people who placed to-go orders, so this place was jumping with business! We decided to grab a bottle of wine (Fetzer Riesling) while waiting for our table and all of the staff there were really friendly & funny. I was joking with the guy who gave us the wine before we even had a chance to sit down. LOLIt was Friday night, so like us, most of the folks dining there were already pretty tipsy (as they rightfully should be). Wheee! :-D I remember joking around with a female waitress who was serving a table full of guys about them having another round of drinks! I also interacted with our adorable server before we were seated & decided I wanted to sit in his section. I let the hostess know & she was completely cool with it. All of the fun, goofy interaction with the staff was the 2nd indicator that we were in a good location.Finally, the food. You select your seasoning, pick a spice level, & select your items. We opted for the Hot N Juicy Special (combo of Louisiana style, cajun, garlic butter, & lemon pepper), Extra Spicy (Hot Hot Hot!!!), & ordered crawfish, shrimp, lobster, & crab (hooray 4 seafood!). The crawfish comes with 1 head of corn on the cob & a red potato, so you can add additional corn & potatoes to your order as needed. All of the food comes marinated in clear plastic bags, so you literally open up the bags and dig in! Everything was seasoned & marinated to perfection! It was hot, spicy, juicy, & delicious as advertised. The service was also impeccable from the moment we stepped into the place! It was one of the server's last night there so we ended up taking silly pics in her memory since she was working instead of enjoying a moving away party. I think I ended up taking pictures with the entire staff by the time the night was done. Silly me! LMAO We ordered shrimp, crawfish, corn, & potatoes to go for my sis since she wasn't able to make it down there with us that evening. Those leftovers were still delicious the following day. :-) I was back in Vegas this past weekend (the place was packed again on Sunday night) & ordered takeout for dinner one evening because the food is absolutely fantastic! Looking forward to eating my leftovers tonight & making plans to visit some of the other locations soon.Be sure to check this place out next time you're in town. You're sure to love it as much as I do! :-D
5	I had a pound of shrimp in their original sauce...and their soft shell crab with fries. The shrimp they served were pretty big and juicy and garlicky too.  Tasty!!  Great service too.
4	I highly anticipated my trip to Hot N Juicy during my visit to Vegas last week.  Not even an hour after we checked into our hotel and set down our bags, we were already on our way to hot n juicy crawfish.  We arrived around 6pm on Saturday.  The wait was only a few minutes.  We ordered 1lb of crawfish and 2lbs of dungeness crab. I love traveling west to get my dungeness fix!  We ordered both in the mild hot n juicy sauce.  Our waitress, Robin, told us the mild level wasn't spicy and only had a little kick.  For my newbie taste buds, it was quite the slap! The crawfish soaked up a lot more flavor and spices.  I'm not complaining, but for anyone REALLY averse to spiciness, you're in for a surprise! The dungeness on the other hand was perfection. I was licking the shell and all - that's how amazing it was. In terms of service, the wait staff is nice, but forgetful.  I get it, they're busy! They won't lie to you if they forget to put in an order.  We found it to be a little charming.  I don't mind being vocal about what I want, so it wasn't a real problem for me.  But I can see how some can be frustrated if an order is forgotten.  I still had a great experience!
5	Of course I had to try out Hot N Juicy Crawfish (the name says it all), where the famous 'Man VS Food' Mr. Adam Richmond  had visited. We were greeted by a young lady at the door and she tells us the wait time is about 45 minutes  to an hour wait. So we decided to just place an order to go (we didn't want to bother with the wait). So we ordered 2 pounds of shrimp and 2 pounds of the crawfish. It took about 30 - 50 minutes for the cooks to finish with our order. So finally we made it home, we opened up the bags and I dig IN with full force!!! Wow, the shrimp and the crawfish was full of exploding spicy flavors. Here's a tip, spoon out some of the sauce and dip your crustacean in the sauce! Its delicious! So don't get afraid of getting your hands messy!
4	Where do I start with this place?  I haven't found a single place that even begins to compare to the awesome seasoning this place uses.  It is hot and juicy, as the restaurant name suggests, and damn delicious. The servers all bear a striking resemblance to Suicide Girls except without the attitude problem. I wish I remembered our girl's name, as she was super friendly and helpful, and even put on some gloves and demonstrated how to most efficiently peel our crawfish for the newbs at the table.Ordered the crawfish, shrimp, and sausage (which should definitely be combined!) all in the special Hot and Juicy seasoning, medium level, which combines all of their flavors and was amazing. We also went through a basket of crispy cajun fries and added on some crab legs, but I don't remember what kind.As with most restaurants that serve by the pound, this place can get pricey if you're not careful, but it is so tasty you'll pull out your wallet without a second thought.
3	Get ready to get messy and sloppy (in a sober way).Went here with a friend cause he was drunk and hungry. Yeah, I had to babysit.Ordered 2 pounds of crawfish (so I can get corn and potato), mild spicy-ness and hot and juicy flavoring. Mmmm-mmmm-mmm! Delish.Do expect to get your hands dirty. Use a spoon to scoop out some of that deliciousness of juice onto your crawfish (after peeled). But expect the service to be just okay. They forgot to get me my bucket of calamari.For the price, it's aight. Kinda expensive but hey, it's still good. Why 3 stars? 1. they need to expand and 2. service needs to be good or better.
5	Wow, when you walk in here you can tell this is a real food joint as you get a strong aroma of seafood and garlic!  My friend mentioned the better deal is the shrimp as you get more meat than the crawfish!  So we ordered a bag of shrimp with sausage each.  I also ordered some rice to soak up the juice!  We prepared for the meal by putting on the clothes-protecting bibs that they provide you!  2 bags came out and we digged in.  Man... the flavour of the sauce with garlic is just amazing!  Let me say however that there is a ton of garlic!  So much garlic that it stayed on my palate the whole night.  However it's totally worth it for the experience.  To wash it down we had a couple of Blue Moon's!  So damm tasty!  These places don't come around very often!
5	Oh my goodness this was just so savory and delicious!! My favorite crawfish place lol. Great staff, just wish there were more tables! You have to try this place! I had the hot and juicy crawfish (medium) my daughter had the mild, but it tasted the same to me? I'm gonna try the garlic butter next, can't wait!!
3	This place is an experience.  The shrimp and crawfish (order by the pound) come in these plastic bags that are filled with sauce.  Sometimes your sides will come in the bags as well (sausage, or corn on the cob).  You can experiment with different sauce combos.  You get to wear a bib and gloves so you don't get dirty, but you will somehow manage to get sauce on your pants or something.  It's a pretty novel concept.  Service here is excellent!  They'll teach you how to eat crawfish and are very happy in general
2	Very disappointed with the crawfish in garlic sauce.  The crawfish themselves were good, but they were served in a plastic bag with probably a quart of sauce.  It's one thing to have spicy food, but when you have to put your hand into what amounts to a bag of soup to pull out the food, it's just too much.I think those who chose crab legs and shrimp were happy, but the hot n juicy crawfish was a big disappointment.Won't do this again and all in all, not what I would call a good experience.
5	This is why we love Yelp. Helps us find places like Hot n Juicy Crawfish. Do yourself a favor, get off the strip and check this place out. This place is awesome!!! Food is great and a offers different dining experience. Our server Robin was very helpful assisting us to select what we wanted and how we wanted it prepared.
4	Good stuff and very affordable ..
5	This place has all the quality to deserve 5- stars rating:Service- very friendly and fast respond service. Called in for to-go, the server who took order remembered me over the phone and say hi to me. Ordered extra rice on the spot and was ready before I even paid for the check.Food- 1IB of shrimp, clams, 6 pieces of sausage, 4 pieces of corn, mix sauce and mild spicy. Everything is fresh, juicy and none of that soggy shrimps I had in those Vietnamese crabs places.
4	Visited here for the first time this weekend.  it was my first time eating crawfish, was definitely a good time.  It is sort of gimmicky, but fun.  I wouldn't do it every week but every once in a while is fun.  Like others have said, be prepared to get down and dirty.  I
5	shrimp and crab legs in their spicy Hot and Juicy sauce make me go back over and over. And yes, I stink for days, but who cares?!? lol
4	Finally, I found a place that is comparable to my favorite Boiling Crab (BC). I'm talking about crawfish and the fries since that is all I've tried here. With great reviews and how it was on Man vs. Food. It was a must try on my list when I went to Vegas. I got the hot and juicy special crawfish because the waiter said it's similar to BC's "whole shabang." It is indeed 90% similar, and the 10% is that it was overload with garlic. Yup!! I was safe from vampires the whole weekend. Thank you hot n juicy, but no thanks. My garlic scent caused Jeremiah (the dude who sang birthday sex) to not show up at Chateau Paris Night Club that night. It was a sad day.  Ok, I exaggerate a little, but yeah I was a little overwhelmed with how much garlic is in it (and I love garlic). Nonetheless, the crawfish was succulent and fingers licking. The cajun fries were also so good, a tab better than BC's fries. The staff was friendly so that is a plus. Crawfish was $8.99/lb...expensive! But I guess the price came with fame.I'd recommend this place if you like BC or/and garlic of course.
5	2 lbs of crawfish with the mix of all the sauces!!! Amazing!
2	I went here Friday with a group of friends.I ordered the Garlic Crab Legs.Yes the food is absolutely delicious, the service is wonderful, the atmosphere is pretty kool, and there was parking. I left with a great feeling!Now... its MONDAY... my fingers STILL wreak of the most nastiest stench of my life!I cant get rid of it no matter what I do. Use Gloves, they dont give you forks so you gotta eat with your fingers like a damn Mongolian from the 18th century. The dog wont go near me, Everytime I smell my fingers I want to barf.Definitely try this place, good for a once in a lifetime thing bring latex gloves and a gas mask!
5	ok so sometimes the wait is crazy long, it's worth the wait. The only restaurant that we will wait it out..the food is great..it's just awesome every time
5	This place is amazing! really good prices for the amount and type of food you get, a really fun place to eat with family and friends. Will definitely be going back!  not to mention the food is DELICIOUS!
5	Two years in a row, and the food was equally fantastic both times!  I recommend the crawfish or shrimp in their special mixed sauce.  Also, be careful, don't go any higher than the medium spice level or you will sweat to death.  This place is so good that it falls into one of my top three reasons to visit Vegas!
4	You gotta love a place that gives you a bib and wraps the table in a plastic bag. Here's a tip, don't wear white clothing to this place.The food was fantastic. You order meat by the pound and pick your sauce. I went with their combo spice and picked 1lb in medium and 1lb in spicy. The crawfish was good but you get less meat for your money. The shrimp was delicious. We also had raw oysters which were also amazing.I also tried the etoufee. It was pretty good but I've had better. Stick to the pounds of meat and you'll have a great time here getting messy with delicious seafood!
3	its okay...kindy spendy for a little amount of foodspent 22 dollar each person i got the blue grab and my friend got the 1 lb shrimp plus a dozen oyster...its good...but its kind of time consumingoysters are not good....if you like shrimp and crawfish than its good...if not... its only going to be okay....I prefer the boiling crab restaurant over hot and juicy
4	Came here after getting silly and drunk! I felt like Dexter during a kill, plastic everywhere to protect you from the splatter to come. The girls waiting on us were fun and helpful. Told us that the crawfish can come pretty spicy so order one down, so we got the mild (wimps we are).  We ordered beers and our crawfish were fun little buggers to eat, however it does come in a soupy bag, and the amount of garlic is nuts. My vampire husband got a little queasy, he doesn't handle garlic too well, next time he will try one of their other fun items. My breath was humming till the next morning, but I'm cool with that. I also got a cute tank top! If you come to Vegas often I would say you have to come here at least once.
4	We saw an episode of Man vs Food for this place just before our Vegas trip, so we brought the hubby here for Father's day.  This location had the Man vs. Food banner  so we knew we were in the right place.  We had to circle to get a parking spot.  It was 90 degrees outside, but comfy inside.  We were able to snag one of the last tables. The other tables had families with kids, couples, and friends. The wait staff was all young and friendly.  We ordered a pound of shrimp in garlic sauce and a pound in the hot n juicy special sauce, mild for both.  They were nice size shrimp.  The flavor of the sauce was great and the shrimp tasted fresh.  The tables were covered with plastic and they had plastic gloves for us.   A big roll of papertowels was on the table.  It was messy.  The shrimp comes tied up in a plastic bag.  The kids got chicken nuggets and fried shrimp with fries, which came in a little basket and they were okay.  We didn't like the etoufee with rice that we ordered.  The flavor wasn't what we were use to, but the texture and rice seemed normal.  My family doesn't like the shrimp heads, so lucky me, I got them all.  I didn't eat them all, but I ate quite a few.  I didn't feel well afterwards, maybe it was the shrimp heads.  Hubby and kids were fine.  I normally have a pretty iron stomach, so I would try it again.
5	You have to have there hot and juicy signature sauce on everything from crabs to craws from shrimp or lobs gotta have it, perfection every time! Don't use the gloves use your bare hands, savor your garlic smelly hands for days to come washing wont get it undone, so smell and whiff it in the garlic that unites the hot & juicy brethren
4	The crawfish were a bit challenging to eat. Be aware that their mild is still on the spicy side. I don't even want to imagine what their "extra spicy" sauce does to your mouth.  Oh yeah, also, you can order half pounds of the creatures you order to eat. Be ready to spend some time and some money when you eat there.
5	All I can say is that this place is sooooo bomb! My bf and I always eat here. We usually get the shrimp or crawfish with the Hot & juicy sauce, which is so garlicky. lol Then we overload it with lemon. OMG pretty bomb. It does get a little messy so I usually don't recommend getting all dolled up to eat here. Can't really say anything bad about this place. Well just the fact that it gets crowded but it's understandable 'cause it's hella good here! Also, it's kinna hard to find parking sometimes. In my opinion, this place is better than Boiling Crab.
5	This place is off the hook! My other favorite seafood place to get some good cajun food!
5	Don't go here if you dislike: Sucking the delicious mustard out of tiny shellfish's head then devouring their savory little bodies, getting messy with your food, enjoy chatting with the people around you as they suck off their little friend's heads, fast service, friendly wait staff, or having fun with your food.Seriously though, this place is the place to go for your crawfish fix in LV outside of Louisiana. I eat a ton of crawfish (okay, maybe half a ton) so believe me when I said I didn't think there would be a place outside of the Bayou that does crawfish this good. The wait staff were fast and tentative and will leave you in peace if they see you are happily making a mess of yourself in enjoying your food. The only thing I would have to say is negative is not to get the sausage as it's not as good as the other items on their menu. Definitely give this place a try if you slither out of the Bayou like I do once in a while.
5	Chicago NEEDS a Hot N Juicy!I'm a seafood lover and this is my cloud 9! Fresh seafood seasoned in their garlic and butter sauce, yummmmmmm! I can eat Hot N Juicy everyday, but would probably have to limit it to once a week on those days where I make the least amount of human contact as the garlic stench in my breath can make it difficult for me to communicate.We had 2lbs crawfish, 2lbs shrimp, and king crab. Everything was delicious! I highly recommend getting a side of rice or extra potatoes and corn.The other stuff like the fried catfish or calamari were meh so I would stick to the non-fried items. Also the sausage isn't worth it.Great service, plenty of napkins and water, so why not go for it and get the very spicy?
5	Absolutely delicious! If you love seafood and sucking meat out of shells this is the right place! The crawfish is sooooooooo good, their sauces are so tasty and you can decide on the spice level you'd like.  They sell the seafood per pound, in a bag, with the sauce of your choice.  They offer crab, shrimp, lobster, mussels, and crawfish.  I really crave this once a while::: My 2 pounds of crawfish in the lemon pepper or the house sauce, spicy and 2 or 3 Blue Moon beers....Bam! it doesn't get better than this!Be prepare to stink like spices after eating here for the rest of the day! lol
5	This was my first time here. The waitress was amazing and warned me abiut the way the shrimp is prepared ahead if time. Im glad she did. Im not huge on seafood looking alive on my plate.  But once I got use to it I actually enjoyed it. I dined with co workers which made my first experience even better.  Juicy is a understatment. Should call this place wet n wild. Food and sauces were perfectly matched. Definitely coming back with a bigger bibb
4	2 parts to the review..First comes to the actual experience my group of 7 and I had. The second is how Noemy Avalos, the amazing manager took care of the matter.We began on a positive note when our male server took our drink order and explained thoroughly about the process of ordering from the menu. He was very polite, patient, and knowledgeable. Once our drinks were delivered, we had a new server, Natali. After she took our orders, our experience quickly became negative, as our food orders were all mixed up and half the food came out much later than the rest. Natali was kind enough to take off 2 items off our bill that took over an hour to arrive. We were already in a rush to catch a show, and we decided to settle up as quickly as possible. When Natali delivered the bill, there were items that were added that weren't ordered. We had to explain that these extra charges were in fact not ours. She brought a new bill out, without explaining the automatic 17%  gratuity that was added. Because of the amount of time spent waiting for food, we decided to settle using 1 visa card, and worried about splitting the charges within the group afterwards since we were out of time.Due to the rush, we tipped an extra $50 on top of the automatic gratuity, which was NOT deserved. While signing the receipt at the cashier, Natali should of mentioned that tip was already included. We understand that we should've spent a bit more time reading over the bill, but with 8 people rushing to catch a show, we weren't fully able to analyze the receipt. We let Noemy Avalos know of this matter, and she not only decided to give back the $50, but she offered to refund the entire tip $100+ back. Amazing manager, and a pleasure to talk with.We will return, when we come back to Vegas for EDC 2014. :)
5	I really enjoyed Hot N Juicy from the time I walked in to til the time I left. My server was Cute N Friendly! She knew who she was dealing with because she recommended the Garlic Butter snow crab legs! Whoooooooo! The sauce was soooo good and spicy! So hot and tasty! I think I opened up other senses while on that food high! LOL!!!If you're a seafoodie, This is a MUST TRY!Highly recommended, prices are very reasonable. Email me and I will meet you there!
2	I've been to many Boiling Crabs across CA so I was anticipating a lot from Hot N Juicy. I ordered: 1/2 lb shrimp with 1/2 dozen sausage, corn, cajun fries, and I tried some of my friends' oysters and crawfish. Got Mild with Hot N Juicy seasoning. Firstly, prices were a little steeper than BC, maybe $1-2 higher. Dived into the food and after a few bites, my mouth was ON FIRE. Seriously. I got Mild, the lowest spice setting and I had to stop eating a few times because my mouth was suffering. I got the sweats, Corona & water didn't help, and my stomach even hurt a bit. You might call me weak and maybe I am, but I order a Mild at BC and I have no problem finishing a Whole Shabang there. It was so spicy that I could barely taste the seasoning. The corn was mushy/soggy. The sausages were good, but still had the same level of insane heat. Oysters were bigger than I'd like, I prefer mine small and sweet. Overall, the most memorable part of my meal were the sausages and the saltine/oyster/horseradish/cocktail sauce combo. Boiling Crab over Hot N Juicy any day.
4	If you want to grub out on a ton of delicious, juicy seafood this is your spot. The concept is simple: choose what type of seafood you want and how many pounds of it you want. You can also choose the type of spice you'd like. They have more than just cajun if you aren't looking for spicy (Lemon Pepper, etc). I had a pound of the shrimp, Cajun style. I got the medium spicy level because I wasn't sure, but it was nothing. I wish I got the most spicy. I also had the oysters on the half shell. The prices are reasonable and nothing beats well cooked seafood and lots of it!
4	Been here three times already, but we've always gotten take out.  It's usually very busy and parking is a pain.  For a place that is so popping I'm surprise they are in such a tight spot with parking, etc.  The food though is great.  We usually get a few pounds of crab legs and a pound of shrimp.  I could eat the crab legs all by myself though lol and every time we finish eating I am left wanting more.  I had never had crab legs like this until I came here.  Everything is priced based on the market.  Can't wait to take my parents to the one in Orange County.
4	Great value! Dinner for 5 with tip, $120. 3 orders of 1 pound shrimp, 1 pound of crawfish, 1 pound of mussels, 1 pounds of king crab legs, calamari, sweet potato fries and all of us got a soda. Food was flavorful, messy and fun! Chicago definitely needs a place like that. When you see market price on the menu, you think it's going to be really expensive, it wasn't at all. What a pleasant surprise. Fast service, yes there was a 20 minute wait to get a table after 9pm, but it was well worth it.
5	Came in town & found this place in Chinatown. Love the seafood there! Messy but worth it! & decent price also.Highly recommended!
5	OMG hot &&&& juicy!!we had the hot and juicy medium crab, galic medium crab, cajun medium shrimp, crawfish and cajun fries everything was super delicious.. and HOT!!!!cajun fries are spicy... i love spicy but my friend who does not like spicey could not eat hers. so we ate them for her :) cant wait to go back!
5	Best seafood place I've ever been to!  Go in with a plan though cause if you let your eyes order your chec can get pretty high (when ordering for a family).  My 6 yr son orders the catfish platter and he loves it.  I order the shrimp and crab legs with the seasoning that is a combo of all of the flavors (forget what its called).  If you take the sauce the shrimp is in and poor it over rice its sooooo good!
5	Delicious delicious delicious! Shrimp is always plump and service is always friendly and attentive.
4	I used to live in Nawlins and my friend took me here to try it out and see if it was the real deal.  It definitely was.  We went in there with big hangovers and appetites.  The waitress was engaging and attentive.  My friend and I had fun goofing around with her while asking questions and trying to make decisions.  We ordered a bunch of dungie and crawdads along with some baskets of fried stuff.  Over the course of the next hour we did our best to eat it all--we ordered too much--while having fun with the people at the tables around us.  All in all it was a great crowd and we had a good time.
5	So finger lickin' good. The epitome of my dining experience here was not only watching myself and my friends devour the whole menu but the finale to the great dinner began at the restroom's line to wash my hands.. Two minutes into my wait in line, the young gentlewoman in front of me helped triple confirmed how delicious this place was when I struggled to keep myself from awkwardly admiring her as she licked her fingers clean. Classy woman was ~5 feet away from the restroom and probably only had to wait another minute for her turn at the sink. Well, ain't no body got time to wash your 'Hot N Juicy' fingers at the sink when you're here!Stay classy and put your cool bib on before you get your sanitized hands on what we ordered:-As many lbs of shrimps you can handle-Dozens of fresh oysters-Sausages-Sweet potato fries-Fried cat fish-Calamari-Fried chicken wings!-Beers for the whole partyWe also ordered the crawfish but I'm not a big fan of working so much for a little piece of meat. I did have a couple and it wasn't very impressive so it'd be my last recommendation to order. Spicy here is truly spicy - you'll get the heads up before ordering as well!Also, be mindful not to ask for the 'whole-shebang' here or you'll get some Hot N Juicy stares from the waiters/waitresses. Just kidding, you'll just get kindly reminded that you're not at Boiling Crab and it's crowned the "Hot and Juicy Special" sauce here - could've been more saucily creative than that methinks but the taste is very up to par.
4	Sooo fucking good but I always have the worst gas afterwards.. zoo now i just get the non butter and garlic seasonings... still good tho.. but yeah.. no gas for my ass. peace ho!
1	King crab legs were great but the place leaves you smelling so bad that its not worth it.
5	I have been in the service industries for twenty five years, I've worked at the best bars in las vegas and I know the difference between good service and someone making me feel like I'm part of there family.not only do I love the food there ,but on my last stop the waitress emeli made me feel like I was part of there family.it was refreshing to get that kind of service it really made me and my girlfriends night.great food and always great service.thank you hot and juicy....
5	I am a huge fan of Cajun/creole shrimp! When I was living in california I was a frequent visitor to boiling crab. Once we moved here to Vegas I had tried out boiling crab here and it was disgusting! So here I was in search of a new place to fulfill cravings...and I can honestly tell you that hot n juicy is BETTER than boiling crab! Seriously it's delicious. I went back to San Jose's boiling crab a few days after I had hot n juicy and it does not compare! Their sauce has an extra kick to it and they use less butter for sure. I am a definite fan of this place now.
4	Yummy but I'm mad @ the waitress. I love spicy but I wasn't prepared for this intensity of spice. I could handle the spice as long as there was a steady delivery of ice water to my table. I watched my waitress pass by a handful of times never even checking to see if I needed more water even though my glass had been empty for a while. I was waiting patiently but my mouth was on fire so at one point I tilled the glass to sip some of the melted ice water and an i accidental sucked the ice cube into my mouth. It got stuck in my throat and I was choking on it. It was really painful but I didn't panic because being that it was ice it was eventually going to melt down so I could either cough it up or swallow it. Of course my eyes were watering and I couldn't breath and i could've passed out. A minute later I was able to cough up the ice cube and I was fine. I would eat here again because i love seafood but i will request a pitcher of water so I won't have to wait for the waitress.
3	Stopped by on our way home from Vegas. The food was good, I actually like their sauce better than Boiling Crab (LA). However, the waitress def could not explain the spice levels to us, they way she talked about the food made me not order as much as I normally do. She basically said the Cajun fries are too hot, and to order the mild sauce because the medium is too hot for her. This was after I told her I like spicy foods. I def could of gone for the medium sauce, and I probably would of tries the Cajun fries if she didn't dissuade me from getting them. Not a great way to sell your product! Would of given then 4 Stars but they made one of my friend chicken wings instead of fried shrimp, it took foreeverrrr for it to get corrected and they still handed is a bill with the chicken wings (their mistake). Would go back but they need to work on their service.
4	Overall,Enjoyed my Feast. Living along the Gulf  Coast  in Houston TX I was used to great seafood,hmmm, lets see what a little joint in Nevada can do? They did not disappoint, Althoght I wasn't used to the $11/pound price for crawfish, you can get 5 pounds for that price back in TX,anyway, I ordered 2 lbs crawfish,fries,calamari,and a cold Sapporo. My only real let down was the calamari, it seemed like it had just been from a freezer/nuked,then to the plate? Even the sauce was still semi frozen when it came to the table,it just seemed High School cafeteria qaulity. I used to work for Gordon Ramsay in NYC, so I know Fresh Food when I eat it,and unfortunately,the calamari just wasn't. My whole bill was $38 dollars, $3 dollars more than the Seafood Buffet at Rio which I will be trying next. Overall, Worth the Visit, and looks like a great Date place!
4	You have to know what you are getting when you come here.  I had the shrimp and crab legs.  Food was as expected and sauce was on par as to how the staff described it.  I've been to the boiling crab and I would say this is better since its got more variety and this is more raw in your face good.
3	came here for lunch because i've been wanting to find a good crawfish joint in las vegas and boiling crab just isn't cutting it.there are two hot n juicy on spring mountain and we went to the one that ISN'T next to pho kim long. you are greeted and served by a bunch of attractive girls and they all have head phones on. the crawfish here is pretty good but definitely nothing compare to houston's. (i love crazy cajun) we ordered the hot n juicy special with level spicy, but next time i'll definitely go for extra spicy. i also tried a little bit of the sausage and it was yummy! i'd go back again when i'm craving crawfish & i do recommend this place if you're ever in town and craving seafood.P.S they also have chicken nuggets and wings and such for kids.
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas! Great quality seafood and delicious sauces and flavors! I'd highly recommend the lemon pepper sauce with the shrimp and getting crab legs with their famous hot and juicy sauce! Though I'd like to think I like spicy foods it turns out the mild on both of these is spicy enough for me ! Lots of kick in the best sense! Me and my boyfriend usually get a pound or pound and a half of shrimp and a pound of crab legs but when we are really going big we do two pounds of crab legs! A little pricey but so worth it and such a fun date place I love picking everything apart for the meat and getting messy and licking sauce of my fingers it's a great time
5	I got 2 pounds of crayfish and 1/2 pound of shrimp.  Honestly, it's all about the sauce.  you can dip a dirty old sock (i got the hot n juicy special which is like a combo of all the sauces) and it would taste good.  the crayfish was pretty hard to eat - takes a lot of time to deshell and the meat isn't that tasty to make it worth the effort.  the shrimp is a much better - less work, less shelling, and they give you pretty descent size shrimp for $10.99 a pound.  my only complaint is that they don't really sell any carbs to go with that delicious sauce - like some white rice, or bread or pasta.  i would go find that old sock to dip it in, so i can eat more of the sauce.  it is very messy, so don't go in your sunday best.  and you will probably need a change of clothes, bath and manicure after eating here, but it's pretty well worth the trip.  if i lived in vegas, i would do the take out - because it's kinda embarrassing licking your fingers in public, and walking out with all these little splatters all over your shirt.
5	The crawfish here is super tasty, a must have for whenever I visit vegas!
4	The excellent place to have a New Orleans style seafood!  Wish there restroom need additional stalls!
4	Crawfish, crawfish, crawfish.  Theirs nothing better then good fusion!!!  Just get their early cause it gets busy
5	This is THE BEST & Freshest seafood in Chinatown it's just amazing my husband and I have to stop in every time we are in town! Please go to this one and not the 3863 one this is the true original and customer service is 10X better! SHOUT OUT TO MEGAN!!!! She was our server and was on top of everything! I will return to this location and this location only because of the impeccable customer service ;) THANKS AGAIN MEGAN! Keep up the great work!
3	When I saw this place we were expecting NOLA cajun crawfish. It was far from it.  The food  good for the most part, the spices and sauce were overwhelming. It was not spicy since i got mild. It was just so much in the bag. New Orleans crawfish boil is simpler but with big flavor. But i can see why people might like it here. Just not my cup of tea. However, the service was excellent. I am curious of how much plastic, styrofoam  and paper they throw out!
1	I just picked up a cajun french fry with a strand of light colored hair wrapped around it with a burnt crust at the end of the strand at HOT N' JUICY CRAWFISH!! I will never go back and I suggest you don't either!!!!
5	The food is so spicy, it's a nice burn. Buffalo wild wings blazin wings rips my stomach apart and other parts. Hot and Juicy is hot enough to satisfy. Eating the hot rice was a marathon. Usually when we eat here I have trouble keeping the bill under $80. However!..... this last time I ordered 1lb shrimp and my sweet heart ordered black mussels with 2 pieces of corn and a cup of rice. The total was like $27 bucks.
1	Really disappointed in our experience last night. The crawfish were VERY tiny. Great flavor, but had to struggle so much to get the meat out of the tiny shell that it mashed it all up. Talked to our server and she confirmed they were smaller than in the past. This was our 3rd time at this location and unfortunately, the last.
2	Hot N Juicy you let me down. I have had this place bookmarked FOR-EV-ER and jumped at the chance to go last night when a friend invited me. I got there at 730 and asked for a table for 3, they said 25 minutes wait, no problem. About 8:05 they called my name and sat us in the back in a half booth but it had a square table so it was really akward. A round table would have been much better. Anyways I ordered 1lb of shrimp with the hot n juicy seasoning with a corn and potato and my friends both ordered 1lb of king crab with lemon pepper and juicy cajun seasonings. Right after our server took our order a big party of 15 came in and was seated right next to us and our server tended to them immediately. After about 25 minutes we have had no refills, and we have no food. I start to notice that people who came in AFTER us are getting their food. I joke and say "I think they forgot about us." We stop a waitress and ask whats going on and she tells us some bullshit lie that our food is coming but that we have the king crab and that can take a little bit longer. Now its been at least 45 minutes and no food. Our server finally comes to our table and tells us she is so sorry and so embarassed but she forgot to put our order in, but she put it in right now and it is being pushed to the front of the line. Now at this point im PISSED off. She was soo worried about serving the table of 15 and just forgot about us. Before we even get our food the table of 15 is already starting to get appetizers. Our food finally came around 9:10 and it was good thats why the 2 stars. The hot n juicy seasoning is delicious but SOO garlicky. I still smell like garlic today. I tried some of my friends lemon pepper crab and that was reallly good. For 2lbs of king crab and 1lb of shrimp our total was like $80 which is not bad. But I will not be back because of the shitty service. I will try the other location a little bit down the street and hope we dont get forgotten about.  FYI the servers  name is ASHLEY, dont get her because she FORGETS everything! Even the people next to us were mad because she forgot to add potatoes and corn to their bag.
4	This place is really good! So glad we got to try it while our here in Vegas. Very similar to Boiling Crab. I ordered a pound of shrimp, in the hot n juicy sauce; It is a little bit more spicy, though (I got the medium spice). My boyfriend ordered the same things, but in a mild spice,which was even still a little spicy for him. he also ordered the oysters and said that these were the best oysters he's ever had. The place was pretty busy, but the staff did a good job checking on everyone. Would definitely eat here again. It's worth the money to take a cab here!
4	I knew I shouldn't have come here after having a early morning flight from Dulles Airport but I was convinced by my sister that it was a must have even if I was dead tired, sleepy and knowing i had to go out in the next few hours AND just got my french manicure.  We arrived by taxi which was no problem and got seated immediately.  I looked at all of the bibs and thought that this surely would make me pass out with no problem.  I did the best I could, I told our waiter that I needed cokes and any drink with caffeine.  I decided NOT to order the crawfish and went ahead and ordered the shrimp.  My sister went ahead and got the crawfish daggonit and a side of fries.  It all started really good, I felt alive,  I doubled up on my gloves and I felt like I could get past this 'tiredness' like I used to in college just push on through it.  I even got a crawfish from our 1 pound bag and thought - this is no big deal.  Handful of fries - gone. Broke off the heads of the shrimp (yes, they have the heads on) and threw them back in the bag and kept eating.  I then came up for air and then it hit - that coma, that feeling that takes over you as you realize you might have had a little too much and not only that you're 3 hours behind your NORMAL time.  Then i gave up.  To make matters even worse we walked outside and got punched in the face due to the heat.  We had a great time there and the service and food was great.Just a note to those who did NOT rent a car and taxi their way through Vegas -- Taxi's are NOT frequent here so call ahead about 30 minutes before you leave.4 Stars.
1	Horrible experience my buddy ordered oysters on the half shell, and he kindly offered me one. On a side note my buddy had been drinking for two days straight so his taste buds were not on point. As I took the oyster the smell and taste were very OFF to the point I spit it back up right away. I eat raw oysters often; and frequent the hot and juicy in Hollywood, this location is gross flies, floor looked horrible. Once we made them aware that the oysters were bad all they did was remove it from bill. Mind you buddy ate two or three before I noticed they were bad. I don't expect a free meal but when your dealing with people's health I would at least expect a hey sorry let us remove your buddies one drink also. I mean we just tried to poison you!! When we asked for salt before this experience it took so long we just went and got it our selves. Bad service and bad food not a successful combo!!!!! I believe the service was the worst, my shrimp were overcooked but the sauce is still great!
4	I was contacted by management and my complaint was taking very serious. I appreciate the fact that they read and cared about my experience. I will give them another chance when I am in Vegas. As usual I will still be chowing down at the West Hollywood location. BOMB!!
4	Great food and atmosphere. Prepare to get sauce all over you and smell weird for the next 2 days. I recommend not eating this before work if you have a night term shift and I also recommend the bib. Other than that, this place rocks!
5	This location is much nicer and newer than the one down the street from it.  I've never had to wait very long to be seated at this one.As far as the food goes, if you love messy finger food that comes equipped with a bib, you'll love Hot and Juicy. Their spice is not for the faint of heart! Even their mild spice has a good amount of kick. So far I've tried their shrimp, crawfish, corn fritters, and fries. You have to peel the shrimp and crawfish yourself.  It's a bit of a hassle, but it's part of the experience. Don't waste your time or money on the crawfish.  Big creature, small amount of meat.  1 lb of shrimp in Hot N Juicy seasoning is the way to go.  Keep in mind that when you order by the pound, that includes the weight of the entire shrimp body, antennas, legs, and the juice. Their seasoned fries are burn-your-face-off spicy, and with all the spice in the shrimp, I found it overwhelming. Their corn fritters are crispy, creamy, sweet balls of corny goodness.  They pair perfectly with the spicy shrimp.For those who have children or unenthusiastic seafood eaters in your group, they also offer things like chicken strips and popcorn shrimp on their menu.Oh and unless you want your fingers to burn for hours after the meal and garlic scented fingertips for the next week, WEAR THE GLOVES!
5	love love love this place!!!
4	It was good but im always loyal to boiling crab though. not bad for something different!
4	Man this place definitely lives up to its hype. The atmosphere is great and the food is amazing. The hot n juicy sauce it full of flavor.  I will definitely have to  go back when I return to Vegas. This place would have received a 5 star from me but the waitress helping my party kept dropping the ball. We repeatedly had remind her of things she was forgetting. Maybe because it was really busy that night. Idk. Other then that. I highly recommend it
4	The hubs and I made this out first stop off the plane for lunch as we were too early for our hotel check-in. We waited about 20 minutes. Staff was extremely friendly and attentive. We ordered 1/2 lb. of shrimp, a lb. of crawfish and sausage and the soft shell crab platter. Seasoning was very tasty. I wish we ordered more shrimp. The soft shell crab was a little too battered. Still glad we gave it a try. I seriously think our waiter made the experience. He was awesome with refilling our drinks and bringing us extra gloves.
4	After passing by this place half a dozen times and laughing at the name, I saw it recommended in Fodor's, and quickly Yelped it to see that  it was indeed a highly appreciated, just two dollar signs, seafood spot.  Couldn't wait to go, and it was dee-licious!  I had a pound of snow crab legs in their hot and juicy sauce.  Normally I would get the crawfish, but they are out of season right now, so they just had frozen available.  Thankfully our server had given us a heads up that their spicy was a notch or two above most other places; I had "mild" and my lips were burning with the first bite.  Not that I let a little thing like that slow me down.  You have to order corn and red bliss potatoes by the piece, so I had one of each, and they had also absorbed the awesome hot spicy flavor from the sauce.The weak link in this restaurant are the servers.  Supposedly every server is yours, not just one.  But we found that meant asking several people for the same item before we actually got it.  Happened twice to us with requests for more ketchup and more water, and we heard the table next to us say the same thing.  Also, our original server placed our order incorrectly (which she acknowledged immediately) so then one member of our party had to wait 10+ minutes for her food to come out while the rest of us were eating.  And since we didn't have our "own" waitress, nobody gave us updates, nobody let a manager know, and we kept having to flag servers down to find out what was happening.  It definitely turned a five star rating into a four star rating.
3	I went here to grab dinner one evening. My friend and I were seated quickly. The service, however, was slow after that. We had to track down a few waiters to ask for drinks and then order food. It didn't seem like a busy night. The food was alright, nothing that spectacular. I am glad I tried it once. If someone wanted to eat here again, I would. I am not sure I would go here from craving crawfish.
4	This joint is packed 'til closing for a reason.  Crab, beer and sports.  Simple.  I will definitely stop by whenever I'm in Las Vegas.  Next time, I bring in the professional crab eating gloves.
4	PRO: Fun Place to go with a group.PRO& CON: Prepare to get sloppy!
1	They sell you Dungeness crab without telling that all you can eat is legs which cost three times cheaper than the whole crab, and after you mention that you actually ate only legs, they still charge you for a crab shell... Never coming back
4	The service was fast and the shrimp was great. I've been to both locations and this one is the best. Not in the greatest location but so worth it. I've called and picked up to go also and it's quick and easy
5	We were a party of 6 and we put away at least 4 lbs of snow crab, 4 lbs of shrimp, 8 lbs of crawfish, 2 orders of fried catfish, plus corn for everyone. The food was excellent. After eating on the strip, we wanted something different. This was well worth it. We should have gone there earlier in the trip. Martha our waitress was extremely helpful and patient. This is a must stop for lunch when in Vegas.
5	Are you willing to get down and dirty for some delicious seafood!? Then this is the place to be! I've been here about 4 times in the last month. First, I was invited then I invited other friends and family to try, and everyone is in love w hot n juicy restaurant! My server Javi was also very attentive, educated, and very personable! Great server! Love this place!
5	Great experience. Excellent food. I had two lbs of the spicy Louisiana style crawfish. They were most excellent.very casual and the waitstaff were good.
4	great food, service was ok. This is not a place you go to eat very often but when you do, you gotta go big!!!
5	Best seafood restaurant in vegas hands down!!!! End of story. Lol great prices the seasoning is amazing, service is great, our cajun fries were forgotten so they brought us some as soon as we reminded them and they gave them for free!!
5	Good food friendly service. Be prepared to make a mess!
5	I finally got to see what all the commotion was about. And it's about the best damn shrimp in Las Vegas . We opted for the hot juicy medium flavor and it was amazing. Make sure you use the protective gear they give you, cuz it can be messy. Also gloves are helpful as well so your fingers don't smell like garlic for the next two days. All in all this is probably my new favorite spot on Spring Mountain or even maybe Las Vegas.
5	This place is addicting!  The crawfish is amazing as is just about every other piece of seafood you can imagine!  The crawfish is obviously the star of the show, but the clams, mussels, and even the shrimp are just as good!  Be warned that this place is about as messy as it gets when it comes to dining, and you will make a mess regardless of how careful you are or even if you use gloves.  Everything is good about this place except for the insane wait times that you can get if you come during peak dinner hours.  Regardless of the wait time, just wait... It'll be worth your while.
4	Let me start by saying that Hot and Juicy is one of my local fav's...  I recently stopped in for a quick 1lbs. bag 'o shrimp, which I get with the "hot and juicy, "medium" sauce'. For some reason it tasted different than it usually does, with a faint, bitter aftertaste and not the usual, "smack you in the face" garlic punch. It took a little while to realize that they had substituted the fresh garlic for the cheap bottled chopped garlic stuff that barely resembles garlic!!!! It was totally depressing that a restaurant that seems to be busy from the moment they open to the moment they close would need the sacrifice that distinct garlicky goodness for a bitter sulfur flavored imitation.....I hope they wise up and switch back soon!
3	Who doesn't love a pound of spicy fish, a ridiculous bib, and some spicy Andouille  sausage. HnJ is always jumping and fairly packed with people so be prepared.   The shrimp aren't the pretty cooked ones you purchase from the grocery store so be prepared for eyeballs looking at you. I love this place and when they say spicy realize they mean it.
5	This review is long overdue. Hot N Juicy is a staple among myself and my girlfriends! It is the ultimate, messy, satisfying meal.We usually order:-Crab legs (spicy medium)-Shrimp (spicy medium)-Add sausage and corn-Seasoned fries-Bud LightI generally don't drink beer (the occasional Amstel Light when boating) but for whatever reason when eating at Hot N Juicy I just have to have a Bud Light to wash down all the flavorful, salty goodness.Three tips: 1. YES wear the plastic gloves, if they don't give them to you, ask for them. Otherwise you will wreck your manicure with all the juice and sauce. 2. Bring a hair clip (if you have long hair) 3. Wear clothes that you don't mind absorbing garlic and HNJ sauce aromas. You will smell like a HNJ shellfish when you leave this restaurant.Mmm just writing about this makes me crave HNJ now!
4	My buddy dragged me here but I was not really looking forward to it. Boy was I glad he did! This place is amazing. Went here for lunch, a short cab ride from the strip over to Chinatown. Located in a strip mall it is very casual, but nice and clean. I ordered two pounds of snow crab and a pound of king crab in their Hot N Juicy hot sauce which is a combination of all their sauces mixed together and it was delicious. NOTE: you can order mild hot or extra hot, I am usually an extra hot kind of a guy(don't you agree? KIDDING!)) but the waitress warned me that there sauces  are very hot and customers always say the stuff is hotter that they expected. In fact it was true their medium is hotter than most places hot or even extra hot. it was not too hot for me but I was pleasantly suprised at the heat levels. We also ordered a few side dishes, frys and corn fritters. They also serve bottled beers which are a must in my opinion and I am not a big beer drinker but this food goes well with a beer or three LOL. Another note, it is kinda messy so don't wear white and wear the silly bib they give you.I am looking forward to my next trip to vegas so I can go back and eat here again.
5	Messy, but oh so worth it! Had king crab legs, snow crab legs, shrimp, mozz sticks, rice and Cajun fries.  Everything was amazing!
5	THE BEST casual restaurant in Vegas! Outstanding food, excellent service, I have nothing bad to say about the joint. I am a local & this is my new favourite place to chow down in the 702!Warning to girlie men and the faint of heart... The food here IS spicy, ask for a sample before you order a couple pounds of seafood and wimp out because you can't handle the heat.I LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	This is one of the most fun dining experience I've every had!We arrived right before the place opened, and it was literally PACKED about 15 minutes after it opened for business.  The is the place where table manner and dress code is optional. By the time you are done, it will be messy with sauce all over your face your hand and piles of seafood on the table. So don't dress to impress, just bring something to cover yourself. :DTheir ordering process is simple: Just order the choice of seafood, seasoning, level of spicy and add-ons. The Hot N Juicy special seasoning is absolutely fabulous. It's like a combination of  Cajun, black pepper and lots of garlic, so you got lots of flavor in one bag. The spice level is more like those you will find in a Thai restaurants, so when you pick spicy, it is really spicy. Make sure you order POTATOES as add-ons, it well pick up all the sauces and juices in the bag and you will be in potato heaven. We ordered 2lbs crawfish, 0.5lbs shrimp, extra corn and potato in Hot N Juicy special seasoning and spicy. With two drinks it only cost us about 26 dollars. So it not only the best taste you will find in Vegas it will also be the best value in Vegas.
4	Saw this place on Man vs Food and had to try it.  It was great!  Crawfish and shrimp were excellent and the Cajun Fries were terrific too!  Service great also.
5	Best place to eat in Vegas! We come here every time were in Vegas. Reasonably priced and worth the money!
5	Unbelievably messy,hot,flavorful......AMAZING!!!!! 11 outa 10 plus it's located in Sin City need I say more...... I didn't think so.
4	This is a must for my sisters and I.  We try to make it while we are in Vegas.  We always order the Cajun (mild) Shrimp, Clams, and Crawfish.  The oysters are fresh and delicious, so delicious that I want to lick the whole shell! LOL We leave the carbs out so we don't get too full.  The food is great and the staff very friendly.   If you want a place out of the ordinary buffets and expensive burgers, stop by and have some crawfish! You won't be disappointed.
5	This is one of my go-to best dining experiences. What I mean by that is that this place is so awesome, when I am having a bad dining experience, my mind sends me visions of this place to soften the blow and make me feel better. This place is one of my food nirvanas.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! It is so yummy! Just a heads up, sometimes the wait is long but there's another location down street. Another heads up, don't dress up because when you leave here... Well, your gonna smell like this place HaHaHa Don't say I didn't warn you :)
3	Came on a Saturday night and to my surprise, no wait around 7pm for a party of 2.  They pretty much put a plastic cover on your table (similar to a white trash bag) and it's kind of unappealing especially when they don't wipe the table dry underneath.The food was so good, but the service had its ups and downs. What to order -- crawfish (make sure it's fresh, not frozen!), shrimp, and snow crab legs -- all in the Hot & Juicy sauce. You can't go wrong with this sauce, but heads up... the MILD definitely has a kick to it! Also, get Cajun Fries as your appetizer if you're ordering a lot of seafood! It balances out your meal nicely. What NOT to order -- sausage. $2.75 for 6 thin slices of sausage that's bland and leaves a weird aftertaste? No thanks... I had also ordered a corn with my meal, but it never came in the bag. I told my waitress, and she apologized and said she would send on out, but it never came. Needless to say, she never checked the second time to ensure that the corn came out. To add to that, she brought out the check and charged us for the corn we never got and we had it removed from the bill. On to the service... our server Emma was great (minus the little corn incident) - however the other employees had sour attitudes and were kind of unwelcoming. Also, I get that it's a pretty laid back place, but there were a lot of unprofessional things I noticed during my meal. A lot of the employees had their cell phones hanging out of their back pockets and would check their phones on the floor. Also, a waitress stood by the door and slipped some gum into her mouth. Um, gross? Couldn't you do that in the back or something? Overall, I'd probably be back to Hot & Juicy, but I'd try the newer location.
4	I really like it when the restaurant staff say hello to you when you walk in to their establishment; it makes me feel welcome as a customer. The staff here do this for everyone that walks in. Even though the cashier/service counter is away from the entrance, they yell it out. We were seated promptly near the cashier counter and ladies' restrooms. Typical setup with the plastic table cover, roll of paper towels, and bibs to keep you clean. The server was friendly, and was well informed about the menu. We ordered Etouffe, 2 pounds of shrimp in garlic butter and Cajun flavors. The Etouffe was sooo flavorful and fresh! There were pieces of crawfish and shrimp in it. The rice was fluffly and not soggy like you would think the soup would do to it. The shrimp was the 30/40 size with the head one. I think they are probably from frozen but they were still good. I know it's time consuming but I wish they would have de-veined the shrimp. I'm not a fan of the black digestive tract.I would definitely come back.
5	Love this place! Best food around and great service! Fried cat fish and Cajun fries all day! #cajun #bosslife #bestiewesties #hotnjuicy #highridinrarris #jessebestwaitresseva #longhairdontcare #nomakeup
3	Nice atmosphere. Didn't take long for us to be seated and have our order taken. Our waitress explained the menu to us and the food was great!
4	I've gone here every New Year's Day in the last four years. But this time, there no longer serving fresh crawfish.  Frozen only. Not cool.
4	Fiance and I saw this place on the Man Vs. Food ...and we had to try it on our next trip to vegas. We went the day after New Years Day the place was empty. I was kind of scared we were not at the right location into the menu mentioned that they had been on Man vs. Food..Everything you order is by lb and the price is based on the market price. We ordered kind lobster legs $ 26.99/lb, crawfish $ 6.99/lb, and shrimp $12.99/lb along with some cajun fries. We went w/ the waitress recommendation and ordered all our food with the Hot N' Juicy sauce, spicy. Food was delicious except the crawfish they had warned us it was not fresh, which may explained why it tasted a bit salty. Still good but salty... Overall experience was great. Will come on our next trip to Vegas (may skip the crawfish). Beware...eating here you will get messy, they give you plastic table cover, bids and gloves to eat (eventually you dish the gloves & start getting dirty). You will smell after leaving this place...
2	I really wanted to like this place...So my friend Yannie has been raving about this place called Hot N Juicy."Sooooo good," she says"Better than boiling crab," she says"You have to try it," she saysWe were together in Vegas for New Years and decided it was time for me to try it after hearing so many good things about this place.We ordered and the employees told us that the crawfish is frozen aka not fresh, so it's discounted, okay that's fair. So when we ordered 10lbs of shrimp for our group. Let me make a couple comparisons we can all relate to.Plastic bottle liquor vs top shelfSoccer in America vs FootballMy shrimp vs fresh shrimpMy shrimp must have been the bottom of the barrel leftovers or something, but it was almost to the point of disgusting. Trying to peel the shrimp was difficult as the shrimp itself would just disintegrate and fall apart. It was like the employees packed a bunch of powder into shrimp shells and cooked it. Highly highly disappointed in this place. The ONLY reason why I gave this an extra star is because the sauce was halfway decent.
5	One of my new favorite places to eat in Vegas!  I'm a Southern girl and grew up eating mudbugs (crawfish) piled high on backyard picnic tables.  It's next to impossible to find really good Cajun crawdaddies outside of the deep south so I usually avoid trying because I'm almost always disappointed.  I have found the mudbug holy trail though!!My guy is a Yankee and my mom and I are on a mission to southernize him as best we can hehe.  So one night crawdaddies were brought up and I realized I had a major hankering for the little red guys I had heard good things about this place so I decided to give it a go so I could quench my craving and take my guy's crawdad virginity, two birds, one stone and all that hullabaloo. We got there and there was about a twenty minute wait.  We had to wait outside cause the place is pretty packed with tables.  We were seated and our server was very nice and took the time to explain how things worked.  You order your protein (crawdaddies, shrimp, soft-shelled crabs etc) by the pound and choose your seasoning (Cajun, garlic butter etc) and they bring them out in bags.  No plates in this place...the tables are draped in plastic, there are plastic bibs available...you may look sill but they are definitely needed, those suckers might be small but they are seriously messy!  This is not the place to go if you plan to do anything afterwards.  We ordered a couple pounds if crawfish with Cajun seasoning and an order of corn fritters.  I love spicy food, he doesn't.  It was a hit with us both, not too spicy and not too mild.  The fritters were divine and a good sized serving for the two of us. The big bonus was the price.  The market price of the crawdaddies that day was $7/lb, the next day I was at the grocery store and there were frozen crawfish for $6.75 for a little under a pound and you still had to cook them and do the cleaning up afterwards.  I'd gladly pay a quarter more to not have to do the work!I haven't stopped raving about this place and keep dropping hints as often as I can that I'm jonsin' to go back.  I see some more head suckin' in my future (the heads are where all the yummy bits are, if you don't suck the heads you are mission out!) See y'all soon lil mudbugs!
5	This place is AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! I've been about 20 times in the pass 5 months I've lived here. The Crawfish is so flavorful. Growing up in Louisiana this is def. A place I would bring my family. This place is better than boiling crab by all means. I think I may go tomorrow for lunch :)
3	I think I overhyped this place, not only for myself, but for everyone else who came with me. What can I say? I heard great things about this place, but when it came down to tasting the food myself, the excitement suddenly stopped. I mean, the sauce was decent. However, my brothers complained that the sauce was too plain, and that their shrimp and crawfish were not drenched enough in sauce. Also, the sauce was surprisingly not as spicy as the server described it to be. I must say, I certainly did NOT like the sausages that I ordered. Worst sausages in my life. I seriously could not force it down for the life of me. It was also a no-go with the chicken nuggets for me. I recall cafeteria nuggets tasting better... Service was a bit slow and unorganized. The place was pretty darn small too. Once the dinner rush started, many parties ended up huddled around the bathroom. Not very comfortable if you ask me. I think I might try the newer Hot n Juicy the next time I'm in town. My brothers raved about the newer location being better than the kickin krab (my absolute fav) back at home. Unfortunately, I went with the overall statistics of THIS place and paid the price: cranky brothers and an unsatisfied stomach.
3	I've been to Boiling crab on Friday and was told Hot n Juicy was better.  So here's my review.Food: Boiling crab's sauce to me seems to have more flavor.  The shrimp here didn't taste as fresh.  Maybe I came on a bad night?  The fried catfish was a disappointment as well.Price:  Boiling Crab is a tad less expensive.  Not too much to make or break the deal.Service:  Boiling Crab.  Our server was really friendly and attentive and funny.  Did I mention he was cute.  I may just come back for him. ;)  Hot n Juicy was friendly but our waitress seemed to be in a rush.  This was a Monday night. Atmosphere:  Boiling crab was a lot bigger so I felt less Claustrophobic.  Alcohol:  This one goes to Hot n juicy.  They have a bigger selection on drinks.  Boiling Crab 4 - Hot N Juicy  13 stars.  Not terrible... But probably won't be coming back.
5	All around great and exactly what I was hoping for. Delicious and messy, just how it should be!
4	I came here and it was my first time trying Cajun food. I loved it! I ate here multiple times and always order the same thing which is shrimp, fries and rice. I always eat with my rice on the table lol. Although this location is small I would come here again...but thank goodness for the newer location just down the street!
4	Atmosphere was great. Love the fact that you can get messy and not everyone will look at you weird. The waitresses we're ok. I had the fried shrimp basket and it was yummy. The cajun fries we're so yummy but they fried my mouth but I couldn't stop eating them. My husband had the craw fish and then the shrimp. I wasnt a fan of the craw fish (too much work for to little food) but the shrimp was soo good. Also the corn fritters are to die for. It's definitely a place to try and not everyone is going to love.
5	Fasten your Bib and Let's get Messy!The best crawfish place outside of Louisiana that I have been to. Order your selection of seafood, I recommend a pound each of the crawfish and shrimp, pick your sauce, and enjoy?Oh yeah, about plates? Who needs 'em! Your meal comes shaken up in the bag and thrown on the plastic tarp on your table. It's fun, messy eating from there on out!I recommend getting the Louisiana Style, spicy. If you want a blend of all the sauces, go for the Hot n' Juicy.
5	Love this place, always amazing! I get the hot and juicy special shrimp spicy it's so good. The Cajun fries are good too. Can't go wrong here unless you you don't like sea food.
5	mhhh, so i didn't even know i got emails on yelp...........but I got an email from the manager at Hot N Juicy. That was very thoughtful of them to want to remedy the situation. She wanted to know the date of my visit and who my server was. I really don't remember at this point and to be honest I wouldn't want anyone to be fired because of it. It was very uncomfortable and worth mentioning to the staff just so they are vigilant of their customers water needs and heat tolerance but, again, it was so long ago. Hopefully no one gets seriously hurt and they use my review to train servers. As I said in my response to the manager, I'm definitely not upset about what happened during my last visit and I would definitely go back over and over again. I would just be sure to keep the water coming because even if you love heat (as I do), it can get a little bit out of control if you dont have steady stream of refreshments to cool down.
4	So, I'm the girl who saw this on Food Network Man vs Food and thought, that looks kinda strange! I'm the girl who when my sister and my boyfriend wanted to try it out thought, well, maybe I'll get some salmon or something. NO! Right when you walk in you are hit with this aroma, I can't even describe it, its garlicy, its cajun, it's deliciousnes! I tried a couple of the crawfish, and they were coo, I couldn't really get past the ripping of the heads and what not. BUT, I had their king crab legs, in the cajun seasoning and a side potato and corn and it was probably the best crab legs I have ever had! I craved it the rest of the trip and I have been back every time that I go to Vegas. My last trip was Hot N Juicy trip number 3! The only con? Not enough crab legs per bag!
5	yummy yummy yummy!!! hubby and i come here the girls are always nice...busy but nice. and they got mussels too...yummmmm!!!
4	Really fun experience with good friends! I've never worn gloves and a bib and had my food brought to me in a bag and shared with the table. It was messy and delicious and we got Cajun spices all over our beer glasses. :) I have no idea how much it cost because my buddy grabbed the bill, but we got 2 pounds of shrimp, 2 pounds of crab and 2 pounds of mussels to split between three people. It sounds like alot, but it was just enough, actually. Plus it came with a little corn on the cob and a little potato for each of us. We chose the medium level of spice, which was plenty spicy for me! So this is food you have to WORK for. You have to tear the heads and legs off of the shrimp and peel them and you have to crack open your crab legs and pry the meat out. But it's WORTH it! The mussels required NO work and were delicious. The shrimp was, ya know, shrimp. The crab was delectable - I freakin' love a good juicy piece of crab meat. :) We felt like three ravenous animals tearing apart food with our hands and leaving a mess of shells and sea creature parts behind. Awesome. My boyfriend was not a fan of the chicken tenders he ordered; he said they were slightly worse than the kind you buy in the freezer section of the grocery store. And they didn't have BBQ sauce, just ketchup and not-so-good ranch. So yeah. Get the seafood.
5	YUMMY!  Yes, good thing for the bibs, becuase it will get messy, but it is well worth it! I recommend getting the hot and Juicy Special seasoning on your crawfish. awesome flavor.  We also tried the soft shell crab, that was also good.  We will definately return next time we are in Las Vegas.  Excellent service, great food.
5	My friends and I went here when we visited Vegas. The crabs were very flavorful and cooked correctly. My friend got shrimp and it was good as well, not greasy at all. I would definitely go back. Tip: If you stay on the strip, you will need to catch a taxi to get here, but it should be no more than 10-15 min (Vegas traffic contingent).
5	Here is best place to me and my boyfriend!!! We like to enjoy with spicy food .That's why we always order shrimp with extra spicy!!!!! And we often order potato with shrimp......  This combo is so fantastic !
5	We came in for the weekend and stayed at the Rio which a 5 minute cab ride and all I can say is wow...this place is really great. Anyone that eats at a buffet in on the casinos instead if getting out and trying a great local place like this is crazy. We tried just about everything they had but favorite was the head on shrimp and the mussels. The crawfish were kind of undersized so I will stay away from that next time. We had the extra hot and it was perfect--not unbearably hot but it had a great flavor. The only warning I have about this place is that someone doesn't like seafood or the smell of seafood don't bring them with you. This is a must try place in Vegas at a very reasonable price. Oh and the wait staff was very helpful for us first timers
4	Not too bad of a wait if you get there on the later side. Delicious and MESSY. Be prepared to smell like your food for the rest of the night (Especially if your bearded like myself).
4	A lover of crawfish and all there is seafood - this is the place to go. Their seasoning is excellent. It may be pricy but totally worth it. The servers are very friendly and are always willing to answer any questions.
5	As always Hot N Juicy delivers. I have been here only multiple occasions and have always enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. Of course the food is what stands out. Delicious fresh seafood in absolutely amazing sauces varying from mild to spicy for the more adventurous types. While I usually go in a group we typically start with two pounds of food and add on as we go. I have had the shrimp extra spicy hot n juicy, lemon pepper. The snow crab legs hot n juicy extra spicy. The lobster (mind you it is served whole) hot n juicy extra spicy. A few sides such as sweet potato fries, the sausage and corn on the cob. Yes it is a bit of work while eating to de-shell the food, but to me that's part of experience and I don't mind getting my hands dirty (also ask for gloves if you want). I highly recommend this place to seafood lovers or people who just want to have a fun time with dinner. 5/5-Arnold.
3	the sauce was really great!
4	I loves me a good seafood boil. Mainly a crab and shrimp boil. I've never eaten a boil at a restaurant but want reserved because this particular place is well known by many. In our boil, king crab legs, whole Dungeness, prawns, potatoes and corn with the sauce that has a mixture of all the sauces. Ooohh yes! Perfect. My one and only issue...not complaint, was I wish they would've took the helmet of of the Dungeness crab. I.could've enjoyed it more
5	First timers..We really enjoyed our meal of calamari, fried catfish and snow crab legs mild seasoning of garlic butter. Food was served super hot. Come prepared to get messy if you order the crab, served in a plastic bag and comes with a nut cracker,  pick and paper towels. Towelettes served after. :)
4	Love the shirmp!!! Lol amazing service. Long wait but I think it was worth it. Will stop by again...
3	This is a great seafood place. If you're in the mood for something special try this place out. I love the sauces here,  but bit much of butter in some of the sauces so be warned.
1	We came in on Sunday. It was pretty busy as to be expected. However the service was horrible. Not only was my sons food extremely late but a lot of other peoples good was not out quickly. 20 minutes into my drive home I started throwing up and that didn't stop until a few hours later. My husband also got extremely sick. I'd heard great things about this place but after my experience I will not be coming back. So disappointed...
2	I've been waiting to try this place because my man loves Crawfish... and I love crab.. SO my brother came to town it was 6 adults and 2 kids. It was the busy part of the evening 6:30 but it makes no excuse for the horrible experience I had. 1.. when you have toddlers or babies at the table please offer lids so we don't have to spill the drinks over every where since the table covers move around a lot. 2..we ordered  2 orders of Crawfish 2 shrimp orders and 1 crab. GUESS WHO'S CRAB NEVER CAME... that's right the guy totally looked at us like we were lying and then asked after everyone was done can I bring you some out now... No you fing idiot my whole party is now done and I don't want everyone waiting on me. NEVER GO AGAIN!!!!! FYI if your servers are hurt with a bad shoulder I'm sure he's on pain killers and sucked as a waiter... I was a manager of a fast sit down food place and I would fire you in a sec if you were my employee......
4	There is nothing fancy about this spot at all, but it doesn't need to be. The food speaks for itself. Definitely try the hot and juicy sauce, crawfish, king crab and mussels. The shrimp didn't have as much flavor as the others. So put on your bib and gloves and go to work!
4	This is our seafood spot love the food and sauce that hot and juicy seasoning taste so great! Love the hands on of digging into my bag and enjoying down great seafood. Every time we go no matter time of day we never have to wait to be seated! The service in mediocre they care about speed against quality to each customer. Prices are a bit high. They keep your cup filled. Only thing is they forgot to bring gloves had to constantly  ask for some as u watched them bring out immediately to others.
3	Good service with well seasoned seafood except for the taste less oysters that I don't recommend to anyone who loves oysters.
5	That Hot N Juicy seasoning, though... ERMAHGERD, I can't get enough. I put it on everything.The food is always so good and the staff is super friendly. I went with a group of five last time and we started with a pound per person and added on as needed - it comes out fairly quickly so you're not left waiting too long. ALSO - we had a variety of "spice tolerance" at our table ranging from "I think ketchup is spicy" to "bring the heat, baby!" and everyone ended up happy sharing EVERYTHING. Our waitress was really helpful - and they always are - to make sure everyone got what they wanted (secret - if you want it spicier, get extra sauce on the side!)Being a desert dweller, seafood is kind of foreign... I always expect it to be super expensive and not be satisfied with the portions. That's not the case here. For what you get, the prices are VERY reasonable and I always have to roll myself on out of there after I've finished gorging.
5	Wayyy better than boiling crab. Just to start things off. Hot and juicy sauce is the way to go. Must try if you are into seafood. I got a pound of shrimp and snow crab. Well worth it. Believe the hype! There was one thing, not that big of a deal but the corn didn't taste fresh and juicy like my experience with boiling crab.
4	Great food and decent service. The place can get PACKED at peak times. A 45 minute wait is not unheard of. I give this place a slightly higher preference then Boiling Crab. Butter and garlic seasoning is da bomb.
4	Eat here yesterday for lunch. I had the lemon pepper spicy crawfish and my boo had the catfish basket the food was amazing as usual however we didn't have the best server we asked for gloves 4 times before she brought them. It wasn't that busy. I go only for the food though. I recommend it to anyone who loves seafood and doesn't mind getting messy
1	Don't charge me $30 for crab legs if you're gonna serve them in a plastic bag. Also, our food took 20 min & the service was pretty slow. Not coming back
5	Molly was a fantastic server! Never had to ask for anything, always refilled out drinks and made sure we were taken care of! We will definitely be coming back & requesting her as our server!!
5	I'm from socal, and this is better than boiling crab. The sauce is good, and the girls keep saying I'm hot and juicy I dunno why
1	Shitty experienceOk there busy that's ok, ordered food very specifically and it came out wrong, crawfish was good and blue claws were good. Wanted to order more food and was given the check instead. Went to the counter to pay Manager gave me a thumbs up like everything ok said no wanted to order more food and was given a check.Still hungry... Left beyond dissatisfied, and hungry.
4	I love this place from the very start. When my came here from the Philippines I brought her here to impress her with good food since I am not a good cook and I didn't failed it becomes her favorite restaurant.
1	The food was great, our server endearing!  Why the hostess decided to tell management we were "livid" is beyond me.  We were blindsided when our server came to apologize, then angry when management REFUSED to come speak to us to assure our server was great!  Without letting us know our server was clocking out, while we were literally discussing ordering more food, a NEW server came to us with our check!  I guess you have to leave when your servers' shift ends?!  I tried to call and complain to a manager on duty a few days later, I asked if there was some place quiet they could step to in order to keep me from having to shout over the background noise...apparently, that's "just the way it is" according to Jessie, the manager I got.  Three words in, she was already asking me to repeat myself.  Screw it.  You didn't want to speak to me while I was there and you are incapable of hearing over the roar when I call on the phone.  TOTAL lack of professionalism!  The food was GREAT.  The server I was supposedly "livid" with was AWESOME...There are multiple locations...steer clear of this one!
4	As an Orange County native, I hate to admit it but this Hot N Juicy blows Boiling Crab out of the water!! My man and I ordered a pound and a half of shrimp(hot n juicy;medium) The shrimp were huge!! They were so full of flavor and the juices just give it that extra kick!! My husband ordered a pound of clams and he's not impressed. That's one thing he likes a bit more about boiling crab! But the shrimp there were not as pleasing! Seems like the clams were half pound of juice and half pound of clams! We will definitely be back here again!! Minus
3	I gave it three stars because the flavor was good!! Crawfish was not fresh I can tell it was frozen and some of the meat was mushy!
5	One pound of shrimp, 3 beers and a dozen sausages was a perfect meal! Great friends, great food equaled a great time. Worth the wait and I will be back! Lobster, muscles, king crab were the pinnacle to the meal! Laura was a great server!
5	I love hot n juicy, I prefer it better than other crawlfish places! As soon as I walk in, I smell the amazing seafood served here and it leaves my mouth watering. I don't think the corn is fresh, and most of the time I come here the crawl fishes are frozen. I always order the one pound shrimp and it leaves me soooo full. Their rice goes great with the shrimp sauce! I love this place.
5	Okay. So this is quite possibly one of the best places to eat in Vegas.The food is about as filling as crawfish can be expected to be - but who cares? No one goes there for the filling. They go for the KICKASS flavor!There are 5 or so levels of flavoring, ranging from basic to complex. There are about as many levels of heat. I've eaten here many times and have NEVER been disappointed!
5	Love this place! People have different taste buds but in my opinion and my husbands, this place is better than boiling crab. Reason being:Less wait time now that there are 2 locations near each other. yay!Service: funner happier servers compared to boiling crab.Cost: a little costly but its seafood, its fresh and so far nowhere else like it. No, not boiling crab either.Taste: More flavorful spices yet less greasy and heavy compared to boiling crab. That is good enough and convincing to me. I mean come on people, its not featured on Man vs Food on the Food Network for nothing you know.
4	Good boil
2	Where do I begin? I am a little lost for words for this place. Unfortunately, I wasn't a fan of Boiling Crab, so I was looking forward to an improved experience at Hot N Juicy Crawfish. Boy, was I wrong! Since I'm not a fan of peeling shrimps and breaking off the head, I decided to order calamari. I love calamari, so I was looking forward to them; specially after a four hour drive. Unfortunately, my taste buds went through an awful experience. The calamari looked pale, texture was soggy, and undercook! How in the world can you mess up something that goes in the fryer?! Second, the batter had no seasoning and it tasted plain. I was so disappointed, because I really wanted to like this place. However, our waitress was very accommodating and apologized; although, it wasn't her fault. The waitress offered to comp my food and asked if I wanted to order something different. I was very pleased with her customer service, but said no after getting something raw. I was afraid of food poisoning; specially, since I'm in Vegas. Great customer service earned this place two stars and their fried shrimp. The fried shrimp tasted fresh and it was fried all the way. In my opinion, they serve better shrimp than Boiling Crab. As for the seasoning, it tasted the same, so don't expect to be wowed. My sister wasn't in the mood to eat seafood, so she ordered chicken nuggets with Cajun fries. The chicken nuggets are not fresh, but frozen, and they taste like they've been in their fridge for weeks. So, parents beware when you take your children to this restaurant. Also, if you're the type of person that likes to wait till everyone is served, your food will definitely get cold here. They don't bring all the entrees at the same time, but what ever comes out faster from the kitchen. I was the last one to be served, so you can only imagine how much I was looking forward to their calamari. Those of you who like different type of hot sauces for your oysters, they only carry Tabasco sauce. I wouldn't recommend this place, but you be the judge!
5	Spectacular. Bold flavors. Unique experience. Definetly not forgettable. Tried it for the first time last week and going again tomorrow. The best 2lbs of hot and juicy shrimp of my life. A must in Vegas !
5	Went out for a late night dinner with the family and we found this place! the first thing u notice is that mouth watering smell! We ordered shrimp crab legs and crawfish. The oyster are fresh and delicious.Their hot n juicy flavor is very tasty and full of flavor! The servers are really nice and helpful. Great customer service i should say! Everybody is pretty much satisfied after the meal! Will definitely coming back to this place!
3	Pretty good but felt like crawfish was lacking something. Maybe lack sweetness in the meat or not alot of meat. I dont know what though... good if youve never tried it.
4	Staff and restaurant... clean, friendly, helpful, don't wear good clothes and certainly not WHITE.  This is a get your hands dirty kinda place.  Can be LOTS of fun if you come with the right people.
2	The food was pretty good. The sauce had way too much garlic though.
4	The crab is finger licking good.  We had the lemon pepper crab, fried shrimp and sweet potato fries.  The crab had so much flavor and spice, I really wanted some more.  The fried shrimp was also good, I loved the breading.  I also got a side of potato and corn to go with the crab but I feel like that should come with the bag of crab already since it was so small.  It was like half a corn and a really small potato.
3	FINALLY!  after seeing this on tv and after going to vegas numerous times...i finally was able to get off the strip and make it over here!  was able to cross this off my list!we came on a saturday night around 6PM.  there was alotta people outside already.  the wait was only about 40 mins. i expected it to be a lot longer!  same concept as our infamous boiling crab.  we had the shrimp and the crawfish in the hot n juicy seasoning = our shabang sauce at boiling crab.  to be honest, if i never ate boiling crab i would prob really like this.  i have to say boiling crab wins though.  our flavors are so much more intense!  we had the an order of fries= ok and the wings were ok..they reminded me of the ones from the lunch truck.  prices by pound were a lot more then what we charge here. service is pretty good here.  everyone is pretty attentive.  sorry hot n juicy but boiling crab still holds my heart!
3	This is my first time coming here and now I wonder why I've never been here. I came with a friend and she and I had a pound of shrimp and crawfish both mild and original hot n juicy seasoning. It was soo good and a like spicy but that was pretty spicy for a mild. I definitely will be coming back to try the Dungeness crab and king crab legs. The only reason I gave them a 3 star was bc our server wasn't the best. I'm used to having great service, which also makes the experience great and invites you to come back again. When taking our drink order she didn't even let my friend finish before taking off. When she came back to take our order, she seemed more interested looking somewhere else than paying attention. All in all she seemed rushed to take off and it wasn't even busy at all. Slow down and take your time lady.
5	All I have to say is omg this is a great place to come eat Cajun fries are the best and all food comes by the pound when I saw it on Man Vs food I knew it looked good but it tastes better than what it looks super fast to bring out the food and the service is the best..... if ur in Vegas it's a must!!!
5	awesooooooome!!!!! ask for noelle!! great service & fantastic food!!
2	I have dined here many times before but was disappointed today when I brought my 5 year old son in for some snow crab and king crab. Because I was dining with a child I ordered the mild garlic butter seasoning. The sauce was nothing close to mild and almost too spicy for me to enjoy.  I asked why it was a red color (garlic and butter are not red) and the server wouldn't tell me specifics and just said it was a Cajun spice blend. I didn't order the cajon seasoning flavor and from the menu choices, I chose garlic butter thinking that's all it would be. The seasonings should be explained better on the menu.
5	Wear a short sleeve shirt and leave the jewelry at home. This is a messy, low key, awesomely fun dining experience. I get 3 lbs. of crawfish with hot n juicy medium sauce, once a WEEK. That's how much I love this place. Every time I have friends in town, I bring them here, and I have yet to get a bad review. The staff is friendly, but busy. I always tip well; my drink is always full and they remember me :)  EAT HERE! I don't know what else to say beyond that. Yum!!
4	I never have complaints at this place. Always nuce n spicy.  Customer service is usually on point. In my opinion far better than the other guys. If you havent chevked them out please do. It is worth the coin.
4	Well, we waited outside for about 20 minutes because it was so crowded. That's okay, the weather was nice. After we were seated And ordered, it was kind of a long wait but they were busy So I expected it. They brought out my husband's food first,and I had to wait for mine. When mine finally came out the sauce was delicious. I ordered the hot and juicy shrimp. The only thing I didn't like was having to peel the shrimp. But overall had a good time I would go back on a less busy night.
5	Whenever we come here, we are usually never disappointed. The sauce is amazing. I wouldn't be eating seafood if their sauce wasn't included. The crab legs and live Louisiana crawfish are the best items on their list. The price is surprisingly not that bad either. We ordered a pound of shrimp and a pound of crawfish with a bowl of rice and paid 27 bucks. The crab and lobster are obviously more expensive but even then its worth it. Hot N Juicy medium sauce is the perfect heat and flavor. There are other sauces but Hot N Juicy sauce is a combination of all sauces and just has a much better flavor than competitors sauce such as Boiling Crab. Parking is a bit on the downside but they have 2 other locations in vegas with more leg room and car room if you prefer more space.
4	Saw this place on Man vs. Food and HAD to try it out during our vacation. It's noisy and fun, great service and great food. I'd never been to a place like that so it was fun to get messy. The crawfish were very tasty and filled me up just nice. I'd recommend trying it out at least once for the experience if you've never had it before.
4	Hot n juicy doesn't disappoint,  what's best? Consistency...That's rare in this town. No it's not fancy, but that's what I like, nice place to let loose with the fam. The customer service is decent, as the restaurant gets busy almost every night at around 8pm. I recommend the soft shell crab basket and obviously the shrimp, spicy is the way to go!
2	Food here is mediocre. Nothing special, had the shrimp with their seasoning that has everything (forgot the name) and it was bland. I also ordered a fried catfish basket and when all the food was brought out that was missing. Waitress said it'll be out soon. 10mins later I see another waitress give that order to a table that had come in AFTER we did and the waitress still said it was coming. She comes back 15mins later and says it was given to another table by mistake.Each time I asked her about it, she just seemed to ignore me. Only good thing that came out of the meal with my mom was that they didn't charge for the fried catfish after having me wait 30+minutes. Basically, I didn't get it until we had finished our meal.
5	I searched the food network and found man versus food. I searched for this restaurant. The shrimp was fresh and it was actually tasty. In regards to the cajun fries, it was in "pika." I had ordered the clams and they met the taste the I was looking for. I stayed here back in April and the service was inviting since the store closed and they still allowed me to pickup my to go food.
4	This place really Hits the spot when I am craving well season spicy shrimp with a side of corn. My whole family loves this place. I agree sometimes service is not all that great but it's a hit and miss just like in any other restaurant.
4	The workers here are very nice and their food here is delicious. We wanted to dine in but unfortunately we got to-go because it was too packed. I was disappointed that it took 45 to get our to-go orders. My advice is to call in and order and just bring it to-go.
5	The food is phenomenal and the flavor is beyond excellent.. Hot n juicy all the way bay bay
5	Went to HnJ near Decataur for lunch on May29, 2014.  Coming from Hawaii, we don't get to visit as often as we would like, plus there are so many other eateries in LV that we like to try.  We last ate at this location maybe two years ago - they didn't have fresh dunganess crab or crawfish at that time, so we hadn't gone back since, but after trying the fare at other 'crab' restaurants and not being 'thrilled', we decided it was time to go back to HnJ (we've only been to this location on two previous visits and have never tried the other location down the road in central C-Town).I guess you can say that my wife and I are crab people - we love to eat good shellfish and don't mind getting 'up to our elbows' while digging-in, shelling, peeling and devouring good/fresh crab or lobster and now fresh crawfish.  We lucked out on this visit - they had fresh live dunganess crab and crawfish.  So in our excitement with this good news, we ordered one dunganess crab (approx. 1.5#); one pound of snow crab (legs cluster); one pound of crawfish; and one pound of clams - all this prepared in their own 'Hot n Juicy' sauce, medium hot.  Add to that two potatoes and two corn and one bowl of rice.  Talk about plenty of food for two people!?  Our server was Joie - all the servers carry some type of 'walkie-talkie' equipment and can call the kitchen to weigh the individual dunganess crab and let you know right there how heavy your crab is, because everything is sold by the pound.  Joie was super helpful; not only in answering our questions and taking our order, but throughout the entire meal - she would continuously come by our table to see how we were doing and if we needed any more drinks or whatever.Wife ordered a coke and I ordered a beer - they were at our table in a jiff which was great since the outside temp was in the high nineties.  In good time, they brought each order out in double plastic bags - steaming and super hot.  This was my first experience at eating fresh crawfish and after this, I don't think that I can go back to any of that frozen stuff - totally different in texture and taste.  I would definitely order that again.  My wife kept on commenting how everything was so fresh, meaty and tasty, even the snow crab was solid and sweet.  As you probably have read in earlier reviews, there are no dishes or eating utensils, other than those plier-type crab-crackers and plastic shuckers.  Also, they provide plastic bibs and gloves, but if you don't like eating with your hands and getting crab juice on your arms and face, this may not be for you.  Definitely not a 'prom date' restaurant, but they provide plenty of paper towels and handi-wipes to address this messy, barbaric and fun experience. For us on this visit the food was definitely five stars.But I must add, what made the experience here even more super was the positive atmosphere and overall vibe in this restaurant.  There was another female server and one male server - and I can't help but observe people when I'm out dining.  They both were like our server Joie - super polite (not condescending), always cheery, helping out each other and trying their best to make your HnJ meal a great experience - great food and great service.  We've been to too many restaurants where you have one and not the other; and for us on this day HnJ was tops.
2	Whoa. Just whoa. I had lunch with a friend here and my stomach was feeling a little funky to begin with. First mistake. Service was really neglectful. We had to ask to get our beverage refilled 4 times (we actually only got one refill). Also, we didn't get gloves and it was impossible to flag down someone. The "hot and juicy" sauce is disgusting. It's ok (thought kinda overwhelming) going down and horrendous when you're REEKING of it for two days after. That's NOT how Louisianians eat their crawfish.   The only reason this place didn't get a 1 is because of the peel-and-eat shrimp. They were fantastic and reasonably priced.  If I ever go back, I know not to expect much for the service, order two drinks from the beginning, ditch the sauce and get only shrimp.
1	Disappointing.  The hot and juicy blend was very diluted. Had no flavors what's so ever.
4	Well I have been hearing about this place and I usually go to the Boiling Crab but decided to come here to see what the hype was all about. First off I should give 3 stars for the service because it could have been better...but they were friendly and apologized about it. The food on the other hand was great!! I ordered 4 pounds of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, and dozen oysters. The only complaint was that the oysters were some of the smallest I have seen recently. There are a few sauce options when ordering the crawfish, shrimp, lobster, and crab. I ordered mild with everything mixed together. It was really good. I love crawfish and sometime if they are not cooked right its difficult to peel and these were not they were perfect. They played dope music...well according to my liking it was old school hip hop and R&B. All in all had a good experience and would definitely come back!
3	I love the food in this place I've been here 3 times. But all 3 times servers was terrible. Food was great the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because of my servers. Last time I went we ordered rice and it took 45 minutes for the rice to finally be served on our table and everyone else got theirs, we spoke to 3 servers to get a rice. A simple rice. And when we order our servers never seem to pay Attention.
5	Yummy!!!!!!! I loceeeee thier hot n juicy sauce with their boil shrimp it's so good and so spicy!!! I'm not really big on crawfish at all so I never really eat it or order it when I go there.
5	Great service and great food. Very friendly even after the volume of people they deal with on a daily basis. Pro's
5	I was in Vegas with some buddies this past weekend and made it out to Hot N Juicy.  I got a pound of snow crab, pound of shrimp, corn, and potatoes in the hot n juicy medium sauce.  Everything is fairly priced and cooked to perfection.  The sauce is super tasty.  I don't think you can ask for much more.  Ditch the strip and get out to this gem.
4	I've been looking for a good crawfish spot in LV. This location is small with a small parking lot so come early!  I came around 1 or 2 pm and was greeted by a friendly, fresh faced girl who sat us right away. They didn't put our bibs on for us unlike a lot of places. (it gets kind of uncomfortable having a grown adult help you with your napkin ) they offered gloves to avoid the garlic smell stained to your hands for days! We ordered a pound of King Crab and a pound of shrimp with medium hot n juicy sauce. I would say the medium sauce is definitely on the mild sauce so I would go higher if you like a nice kick. The crab was good but one leg seemed like it had been cooking a little too long. The shrimp were big and fresh. All in all, this place did well and I will be returning
5	Wife and had the shrimp and king crab legs....SO good! Gives boling crab a run for their money! The music that they play is awesome too. This will definitely be one of our must-do's every time we go to Vegas.
3	Fun place to try out. I found the shrimp was a lot better than the crawfish. You just don't get enough meat from the crawfish. Overall the food wasn't really my cup of tea.
5	Sooo good. First time eating at a Hot N Juicy and must say I will def be coming back. Service is a bit slow, but the food makes it worth it. We ordered the hot n juicy mild seasoning on the crawfish, shrimp, and crab legs and it was delicious. Mild was a bit spicy so I wouldn't go spicier than that.
4	Love this place!!!  Everything's great but the king crab and snow crab can be a lil too salty sometimes.  If you love  seafood and don't mind getting messy you gotta try this place out!
4	It's a fun experience. You get your hands dirty & work for your food in a fun way. Very casual place & when you walk in the aromas hit you in the face. My first time & it was great! Staff is also very friendly.
5	We had the hot and juicy hot seasoning and it was incredibly delicious. The customer service was great and the food was out of this world. Parking was hard to come by so we were thankful we got there early. We can't wait to go back.Perfect spot if you want to go off the beaten path in Las Vegas.
5	Never get enough of it! Always have shrimps hot N juicy or garlic butter. 5/5! Sweet potato fries is delicious as well. 5/5! My friends always add a corn. I ordered lobster once. 4/5! Lol I don't know how to eat it!! They said they can crack it for you. Crabs are good, my friends' favorite! 5/5! Sausages are optional,  I had them sometimes. 3/5! I have been both places. My friends like it on Decatur 4/5!,  but I kinda like it at Valley View because it is newer, even though there is wired smells and long queue! 3/5!
5	A vegas must!! Love the food every time we go....we order the mussels, shrimp and crawdads...yummmmm! The cajun fries are delish and u can never fail with the hot n juicy seasoning!
3	Its Ok, Not the best But great service and food
5	One of the best see food place ,  love hot n juicy
5	Omg so many coworker and even my hairstyle told me about this place! So i finally decided to go on a Friday after work. I LOVED IT!! I don't want to sound like a total fatty BUT I was in heaven the whole time focused on my bag of crab!  The moment you open the bag of yummiest this amazing aroma hits you in your face, and you will just like i knew, it was about to go down!Everything was amazing. I ordered the snow crab with the  spicy hot and juicy seasoning; I was told it was the best and most popular, so of course I wanted to try that one first. The extras were very favorable with the hot and juicy seasoning and  is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED,  potatoes(.60 cent), sausage(1/2 dozen 2.45) and corn( i believe .75) . I now know  any other sides or anything extra aren't needed. I ordered a side of butter( which is a dollar extra) and didn't even touch it. Also important: the customer service was great! Everyone was so nice and smiled with their service. HUGE plus for me! Last comment, I suggest that whenever you go don't come all dressed up because although this meal is  incredible it can also be very messy, which is the reason for the commentary bid and gloves that are given. All im saying is don't come to this place thinking you'll be going somewhere nice after because you will be leaving smelling like hot and juicy, and maybe a little sauce on your clothes.I really hope your experience is as enjoyable as my experience!
5	If you love seafood and spices this is definitely a must!! We came around 4 and the place was packed the whole time we were there. Good service - they only serve beers and one wine, a Riesling, solely by the bottle. We got 1lb of crawfish 1 dungeness crab, and a few sides. All great tasting. You can get spice levels 1-5 on each dish.
5	My favorite place to eat in Vegas! Went here twice during our trip. Great customer service. Food is to die for!! Love everything about this place!
5	Absolutely love this place. It never disappoints. The service is always great and the food is always on point. This is a must every time I'm in the area. We always get the king crab legs and shrimp. Mix it up a little and get different seasonings every time you go. Never had to wait, but are always here before the lunch/dinner rush.
2	After seeing Adam Richman eating crawfish here on "Man Vs Food", I made sure this was a place I must visit while in Las Vegas.I feel kind of left out giving only 2 stars to this place, where there are mostly 5 star reviews for this place. Maybe my experience was a fluke?I came here around 8pm, and waited for around 40 minutes for a table. There were a few tables that cleared up quickly, but the staff didn't clean it up immediately... so the 40 minute wait could have been more of a 25-30 minute wait. They also have a strong garlicky yummy smell in the air which made the wait felt worse.Ordered 2lbs of shrimp, 2lbs of crawfish, 1 bag of king crab legs and some Cajun fries in their special spicy hot and juicy seasoning. I felt that their Cajun fries are over seasoned... Quite salty... Their shrimp was the best out of everything, but the shrimp was just okay. The crawfish wasn't juicy as their restaurant name would lead one to believe... Maybe it's not fresh that day??? The king crab legs felt rough and overcooked... and it was the blandest one of all... The service here was not very good. My group had to flag waiters multiple times to get bibs, crackers, gloves, drinks, refills. I eventually gave up and just walked up to the register to ask for these items... The decor here really sucks too, very dim, simple, and at times looks quite questionable regarding sanitation... I will not be coming back. I personally love the boiling crab much more.
5	Big fan of Man vs Food and the Travel Channel, so we had to come try this place out. We don't really like Crawfish so we order Shrimp instead. we have tried different seasonings they offer but end up liking the hot n juicy special seasoning extra spicy. It has so much flavor.
5	Really Clean, Fresh, Great Service !
4	love this place! So flavorful and good prices, I recommend the shrimp and king crab legs whole shabang spices... medium you tell them how spicy you like it with a cold beer! ask for extra lemon and be sure to bring some plastic gloves because you will be eating only with your hands.. also recommend the seasoned fries! great for games and fights because they have plasma tv screens around the entire restaurant only down side is you get dirty.
5	This place is legit. Awesome crab legs shrimp crawfish. Everything was spicy and delicious. Yum. Great service. Another hidden gem in Vegas. You will get dirty but it's so worth it
5	I love this restaurant. I'm here every 2-3 weeks. I'm not a crawfish eater but the shrimp is delicious. They never fail to serve it the way I like it, plain and not spicy! Service is quick, wait times on the weekends are crazy but so worth the wait! They recently opened another location so I'm sure wait time have decreased dramatically. I recommend visiting here if you love seafood, also great for first dates. :)
4	First time at Hot N Juicy Crawfish.  Service was excellent. We tried a pound of Louisiana style crawfish and a pound of fried shrimp.  Both were very good although there's not a lot of meat on each crawfish and they are not easy to peel, so you are left wishing you had ordered more.  A fun and unique place to go with a group and the utter messiness of it all is mitigated with the plastic aprons and gloves that the restaurant provides.  I recommend giving it a try.
5	If you love seafood and spices this is definitely a must!! We came around 4 and the place was packed the whole time we were there. Good service - they only serve beers and one wine, a Riesling, solely by the bottle. We got 1lb of crawfish 1 dungeness crab, and a few sides. All great tasting. You can get spice levels 1-5 on each dish.
2	My girlfriend and I stopped by this place last week, mainly because we saw the restaurant featured on Man vs. Food and because of the great reviews it gets on Yelp. Sadly, I was let down by Adam Richman and all of my fellow Yelpers.Shortly after we were seated, the waitress warned us that Hot N Juicy's spice levels were much higher than your "typical restaurant" and advised us to go for a lower spicy level when we ordered our shrimp. Taking her advice, we went with a milder sauce. We noticed a lot of things wrong when we got our shrimp:- There was absolutely no "juice" in the bag. We have been to similar restaurants where the shrimp/crawdads are served in the "juice" to give added flavor. Considering that this restaurant is called "Hot N Juicy", we were both expecting JUICY.- The shrimp had absolutely no flavor to them. It literally tasted like they boiled a bag of shrimp in water and served it to us. Again, considering that this restaurant is called "Hot N Juicy", we were both expecting HOT.We asked for a hotter sauce on the side to dip our shrimp in since we were let down by the sauce we ordered. The waitress was kind enough to come back with a small container of their "Hot N Juicy" sauce. This was also very subpar - it tasted like a blend of marinara sauce with a hint of Tabasco. Again, the sauce was not spicy at all. I think its important to note that my girlfriend and I aren't huge fans of spicy food. When we do order wings or shrimp, we tend to go for a medium level of spiciness due to our own sensitivities with spicy food. That being said, nothing in this restaurant (that we tried) is even remotely spicy.We also ordered a side of calamari. These were ok, but considering the price for the order it was not worth it. The only saving grace for this restaurant is the ambiance and decor. The restaurant itself has a cool modern look, is very well air conditioned (which is a big thing for me) and plays good music. I would come here to buy a beer but would stay the hell away from the food.
4	Spicy wasn't as spicy. Crawfish was a good size but not as BIG as everyone said it would be! Their sauce is really good and tasteful! Clams were meaty. Shrimp was a little overcooked and hard to peel. Great service!
3	Took my New Orleans-native girlfriend here after an unsatisfactory dinner at Lola's. Hoping to have a better experience...NOPE. The crawfish were mediocre (my GF thinks she could have made better with some old bay and frozen supermarket crawfish), the server didn't pay much attention to us, the cajun fries were WAY too spicy, and the lemonade was so sweet it was undrinkable. STILL looking for quality New Orleans cuisine and good service under one roof. If you know of a place, let me know!
5	Tuy is so sweet and always so friendly! She gives the best customer service and made my bambuu experience enjoyable! I come in just to order my drink! What a class act! My drink is delicious and the service is always pleasant!
5	Absolutely incredible Cajun food!  who knew the best Cajun food in Las Vegas are by the Chinese!  It's like the best Chinese food in TX is cooked by the Mexicans... haha..  Try it and you won't regret it.. Guaranteed!
5	This place is amazing!  Came here on Saturday before they opened so we could nab a parking space and were one of the first customers there.  It was our first time there so we got 2 lbs crawfish, a pound king crab legs, a pound of Dungeness crab and some Cajun fries.  We got the hot n juicy seasoning in medium and it was perfect!  Perhaps a bit salty for my taste but the flavors were explosive in a good way.  My tongue was dancing.  They use lots of garlic so you will smell like garlic afterwards.  Tip, if you use your bare hands, ask for some lemon wedges to wipe your fingers down to help tame the seafood and garlic smells before doing a final wash with soap and water.  Because soap and water alone isn't enough to combat the garlic!  I can eat spicy and the medium was spicy but not anything you can't handle.  My party doesn't eat too spicy so that's why we opted for the medium level.  But anywho, the crawfish that day was frozen but still they were so delicious!  The Dungeness crab was super juicy and soft.  Everything tasted so amazing that we put in another order of crawfish and crabs!  And we devoured about 11 lbs of shellfish altogether.  On top of that, we had fries and some baskets to wash it all down :). Wish there was a hot n juicy where I live.  Come here to satisfy your Cajun shellfish hunger and come early for parking, totally worth camping out for this joint in the hot desert heat!
5	The only time I eat a pound plus of food is when I come here! My favorite thing to get is the One Pound bag of Shrimp, Hot N Juicy Special flavor, Extra Spicy. I've tried the other different flavorings but this is by far my favorite. They also have clams, oysters, crab legs, french fries, sweet potato fries, rice, chicken nuggets (for your non-seafood loving friends that tag along), crawfish and other fixings. In my opinion, this location by Decatur, is better than the one off of Valley View or off Eastern.If you've never been here before, be prepared to use your hands and get messy. My "system" is to lay a couple sheets of paper towels underneath the bag of shrimp to absorb any stray sauce drippings so it doesn't drip off the table and into my lap. I also have my orange soda with a straw within drinking distance so I don't have to grab the styrofoam cup and get sauce all over it. After I put my plastic bib on, I put lemon juice on my fingers and wipe them off, then put the gloves on. After I'm done eating, I put more lemon juice on my fingers to help remove the smell of skrrrimps and seasoning and then wash my hands. Anyway, the food is really good. Everything is tasty. Service is always pretty decent. Whenever I need my fix, I come here!
5	defiantly try the shrimp with the Hot N Juicy special sauce and with any spice level you can handle. just give me a pound of shrimp and beer and I'll be happy :)
5	I love this place been here twice now and the shrimp and crawfish are amazing if you don't mind getting your hands dirty and love sea food check this place out.
5	Growing up some of my good friends were Louisiana Creole, and every so often they'd fly in crawfish from Louisiana and cook it right there in their backyard. So I've been wanting to check out Hot N Juicy since I moved to Vegas, but I tend to think of it as a communal eating experience that requires at least a small group. I finally had my chance last weekend when my aunt and cousin came into town with their friends. For 5 people (four women, one man) we ordered 3 lbs of crawfish, 4 lbs of shrimp, a dozen sausages, and one corn and potato for each person, all cooked in the Hot N Juicy house seasonings (as recommended by the waitress when we couldn't decide). The first time you go to a restaurant like this it is hard to know what spice level to choose. We had a mixed group so we played it safe by getting everything mild and asking for a medium sauce on the side. I can handle spicy pretty well, and I think the mild was perfect if you just want to enjoy the flavor of the food with a small amount of kick for the authentic Cajun taste. Granted, the shrimp hold the spice much better than the crawfish (since you get such a small amount of meat out of crawfish). I think that if I came here with just my husband, we'd probably opt for medium level spice since he puts hot sauce or salsa on everything!!Know before you go: There are no plates. You are served all your food in plastic bags (to hold in the juices) right on your table which is covered with paper and supplied with plastic gloves and a roll of napkins. You are also given a bib to wear, and you'll need it!!! It is a messy and time consuming meal (for the infrequent crawfish eater) but once you get over getting "down and dirty" at dinner, it is well worth it!!
3	Normally people rave about Hot N Juicy. It's just okay for me. I've been at different times of the day. I have gone at 10:30 and stayed until midnight. The last time I went was in the middle of the afternoon at around 1:30. The service was really good. Granted, there were only 3 or 4 tables, but they were still really attentive. I arrived first and waited for my friend. They seated me immediately me and brought me water and my bib. I did have to wait for my friend for a bit as she ran on Filipino time. The servers kept checking on me to ask me if I was ready to order.  We both ordered a half pound of shrimp. It is very nice that with shrimp, we can order half a pound. My friend ordered the lemon pepper medium spicy. I ordered hot n juicy medium spicy as well. I love the taste of mine. Whenever I order shrimp, I always get lemons, limes, salt and pepper and dip my shrimp in it. This is very very messy, so I would never order shrimp to go because it's a mess. I think part of the reason is that I get so grossed out because the shrimp isn't peeled and deveinned, so you still that gross line that you can see while you eat. Next time, I might just devein all my shrimp after peeling it.  Something else that bothers me about the shrimp is that the flavor is all encased on the outside. The actual shrimp has no flavor. After I peel the shrimp, I still have to drench it in sauce. The service is very superior here, though!
4	I'm used to The Boiling Crab in Los Angeles and was looking for a replacement here in Vegas...This place is a pretty decent alternative. We had the crawfish and shrimp with the Hot N Juicy Seasoning with medium spice level. The medium was a little mild for me and would recommend going for spicy if you want more kick. The crawfish was super fresh while shrimp wasn't as fresh but still tasted good. Compared to Boiling Crab, the seasoning had less garlic which is good or bad depending on what you like. The service was good, wait was not as long as BC, and they even give you the choice to use gloves in case you don't want your hands to stink for a week.
5	I have to say that I am quite impressed! I thought that Hot N Juicy was just another Boiling Crab knock off but in a sense it is actually better than it's competition.The shrimp are of better quality and size and the sauces aren't too garlic filled. I actually left the restaurant without my my fingertips smelling like garlic for 2 days. (You know what I'm talking about. Haha)The service was amazing! We had two servers that were helping my party of6 and they were friendly, attentive and very fun. They made the experience even a better one. The ambiance is even better than being at boiling crab! It still is fun but more warm (welcoming) and not as loud so you can actually hear what people at your table are saying.
2	I have been wanting to try this place for years after hearing such great reviews about this place! I visited Vegas with my girlfriends one weekend and was adamant about coming to this restaurant. We started our lunch off with a basket of garlic cajun fries to share. The fries tasted mediocre and I don't recall tasting any "cajun" flavoring. I also ordered a pound of garlic shrimp at mild with added corn and sausage. The bag came out piping hot when our server brought it out to us.  The sauce was mediocre; nothing spectacular that made me wanting to come back for more. My corn tasted 2 days old which of course I told our server! She was at least nice enough to remove it off our bill. :) After having such high expectations for this place, I realized this restaurant is totally overrated! I still prefer my Boiling Crab over this place any day!!
4	I eat here all the time, or whenever I can afford it =( I like all the expensive stuff.. you know, snow crab legs, king crab legs... and you cant just order 1lb! I hate hate hate that theres always a wait when I go there, but this last time we only waited about 15 minutes. Usually we wait 30- 45 min. I went there with my sister and her family and a friend. I prefer the flavors of Hot n Juicy over Boiling Crab... in Vegas anyway. Boiling Crab in Texas and Cali is another story though. I usually order the Hot n Juicy special, medium heat. Crab legs are sooo good. Oysters were yummy. The crawfish.... sucked. They were super tiny and just plain sucked. Im pretty sure they were frozen and not fresh. I know my crawfish. We ordered 2lbs for the whole table... and nobody finished it. We just ate all the crab legs. The clams were good too. My sister devoured them. My friend ordered the chicken wings and fries. She said they were were good.. it would be hard to mess up chicken wings and fries though. Service is.. whatever. They get to you when they can, usually you have to flag them down. Lets just say we all go there for the food. Not service. But the service isnt horrible either... theyre just not very attentive. So... clams, snow crab legs, king crab legs, oysters, chicken wings, fries, shrimp... allll good. The crawfish?? Hit or miss.
4	I went with some friends.  They were very nice and homey.  We came on a Sunday, and as we sit there it was getting busy. They are very popular with the locals.  Looks like business is good
3	Idk about this place it's good but I went with 12 people and honestly after a couple of hours I'm still hungry.  They served us bugs, shrimp, mussels, clams, snow crab, fries, calamari.  The mussels clams and crab were excellent.  The shrimp sucked the crawfish tastes just like it does when my la boys bring us some.  But considering our 12 people having a 400 dollar bill.  Not what I expected.  The service was great food over all was lacking for me.  It's a place you should try with a large group.
4	Such amazing flavors!We stopped in for lunch and tried the crawfish and the shrimp. We went for very mild spice which was great, but still left a nice lingering burn, and tried the hot n juicy & the garlic butter.  Both were excellent - quite literally finger licking good.  This is a messy experience, but that is all part of the fun.A great meal to share with a group of friends so everyone can try a bit of something new.
2	I was very disappointed in this place. All the food tastes exactly the same. I couldn't even tell s difference in the texture between the shrimp and the crab. Once we ordered they brought out the good in big plastic bags, steaming hot. However, there are no sides included, and limited sides to add on even if you choose to. It didn't get one star because Laura was great. She kept our completely flat sodas refilled, and checked back on us frequently. Also, the corn fritters were delicious. I would say stop by and ask to sit in Laura's station, get the fritters and one kind of seafood, a beer or water, and if you're still hungry go next door for desert or up the street to Ronald's Donuts. Really overpriced for what it is, I think.
5	Out of the 3 locations in Las Vegas, this is my favorite. I feel as if it is the cleanest with the friendliest staff. I also like that you dont leave the restaurant smelling like youve just eaten HnJ. The other location on Spring Mountain - if i eat there and leave to go meet my friends a couple hours later...they can tell what I had for lunch due to the smell seeping out my pores haha The bathroom is always clean as well with plenty of soap! After eating, I always have to go and wash my hands, and the soap always being there is a plus.For the food, The crab is usually on point for me. It is cooked all the way through. There was ONE time where my crab was still cold, but the waitress immediately apologized and made it on the house. I usually get the garlic butter flavor, because you can never go wrong with tons and tons of garlic!!! The hot n juicy flavor is good as well. I also sometimes vary with a pound of shrimp or a dozen oysters. The shrimp is pretty big, so if youre not that hungry, you should get half a pound. The oysters are always yummy and I have yet to get a scrawny puny one. Their cajun fries are also very delicious - crispy and ful of flavor. I have not eaten the crawfish, but I hear its good. I feel like its too much trouble to go through ALL THAT peeling for a tiny piece of meat. You can always ask for lemons and limes with salt/pepper fo rmore flavoring or to wash your hands with after. I like to grab some lemon sliced and rub them all over my hands to take away the smell and dirtiness. You can also ask for bibs to avoid splatter damage. All in all, I prefer this place over boiling crab even though some people claim they taste the same. I would definitely come pay this place a visit .
5	Finally made it here and we will definitely be back. We had the Cajun Calamari, 1 lb of shrimp with potatoes and sausage in the Hot n Juicy sauce spicy, and 1lb Snow Crab legs in the garlic sauce. You really need to add the sausage to one of your orders. They were out of the Crawfish but the shrimp in my opinion was the best deal for the price.
4	I love the hot n juicy sauce from this place. It makes everything so much better. Spice level is not as hot as advertised. At least not for me. The shrimp was good. Clams and king crab legs were excellent. No wait either on a Friday night at 7pm, which was the best part.
1	Went here for my first time last night. After hearing from so many friends, family, and coworkers how awesome this place was I decided to go and take some family from out of town. I am originally from the east coast so I am a bit spoiled on GREAT seafood. All the people telling me to go here are all from California or some other pacific coast state. Now I can understand why someone from the desert or west coast would like this place because they don't know any better but let me tell you, THIS PLACE WAS AWFUL. I could not believe how bland the seafood was especially with all the rave reviews of the sauces this place uses. The sauces are all extremely watered down and they do not penetrate to the actually food itself just the shells. We ordered 2 pounds of shrimp, 2 pounds of crawfish (which we were told were not fresh but frozen!!!), a dozen oysters(SO BAD), and calamari. We tried various sauces and spice levels and we just agreed that this place was a lot of hype for nothing. I have been to the Gulf many times and have had the type of food they are TRYING serve and the food here is just not even close. I did ask the manager where the seafood comes from and he told me ASIA mostly(FYI, seafood restaurants that get their shellfish from Asia are normally awful plus it's the cheapest possible shellfish on the market!!!). I guess I understand why the location is in China town and why most of the people at the restaurant were Asian. In addition to the food tasting awful, the service was very poor. Staffed with a lot of girls who seemed to be working their first serving job. We had to light signal flares just to get another beer. All the wait staff was talking about some party after work that they couldn't wait to get to and they kept grouping together to discuss rather than tend to the customers and lots of people were frustrated. Don't get me wrong, I can totally see how people who have never had decent seafood (mostly from buffets) would love this place as it's just like people who say the best sushi is at Ra Sushi because they just don't know any better. But if you have been to cities on the Gulf of Mexico and have had Gulf seafood or are from the east coast and have had great seafood then please pass this place up because all your friends telling you how awesome this place is have never truly had awesome seafood.
3	First, I've never seen so much wasted food packaging in my life! I'm smiling when saying that humorously, but it's true!!! Styrofoam cups. Styrofoam bowls. Plastic bags. Paper napkins. Plastic table cloth. Things to note- if you just got your nails did and are craving your seafood boil fix, never fear. Ask for plastic gloves. My mom brings her own dishwashing gloves to crawfish boils, but they will provide you some plastic ones upon request. Took Yelper advice and got half a pound of shrimp. Shrimp were slightly overcooked. After you peel it, dunk it around in the sauce so it can get more flavor on it! Sauces are nice. We also got the fried cajun calamari, and it's really not good... just generic fried frozen calamari that is overly tough. Don't get that.Crawfish itself is not in season now, so expectation management is always important. They will likely inform you that it is frozen. A pound of it won't get you very far though.  Some of the girls working there will tell you "mild" is actually "medium" for most people, but I would disagree. Mild tastes like "mild" with just a minor punch to it.Service was great. The girls working were all very sweet and nice.For calamari, half a pound of shrimp, a pound of crawfish, a half order of sausage, two potatoes, and a Diet Coke, our total was $33 before tip. It's not exactly cheap for frozen seafood. A fun experience for locals that have no where else to turn for a seafood boil, but a little on the price-heavy side.
4	Damn good!!!  Just moved to town.  My coworkers recommended the place.  We will be back.  I ordered 2lbs of Crawfish, the wife ordered 2 pounds of Shrimp.  Next time we will order 1lb each of Shrimp, Crawfish, and a Crableg.  Hot N Juicy Seasoning of course!!
4	This location is a bit difficult haha but it's in the same plaza as Bambu.It's usually crowded to be prepared to wait but wait usually isn't that long.Bun opt for crab legs while I got the shrimp, I believe my shrimp was about uh... $12 or $14 per lb. We also got their cajun fries and oo they were yum. but over time, it did get salty but if I remember correctly, these fries had more of a cajun taste while boiling crab (my next review!) was more of a kick spicy taste, however Bun says the exact opposite and he's more sensitive to spicy.Soda beverages were $1.25 with free refills. Sad that they got my flavor wrong but were willing to change it kindly. Tbh I couldn't taste to much of a difference in terms of taste between this and Boiling Crab hahaTotal bill was about $40 with tip. Will be back!
5	When I goto Vegas for work the first place I also go first is Hot & Juicy Crawfish!! The Original sauce is the best, I usually have crab, shrimp and crawfish. Don't forget to add the incredible sausage and corn. The food is very messy and fun. Expect to taste  and smell garlic for the next 24 hours!!
5	We had lunch here at hot n juicy before we left vegas and its was delicious. I recommend it if u want great service ,good food and good price. The restaurant was very clean n the staff are very friendly.
5	I hate seafood but love this place. The shrimp in the hot sauce is amazing. The lobster is so delicate. This place really had the idea perfectly modeled.
2	Seems like every time I come here the services is get worse.. And it wasn't even busy this time.. I love this place,, but this time even the food was affected.. I'm daughter and I got a pound of shrimp and it wasn't even cooked all the way.... I don't know what's happening to this place.. It used to be the best in Vegas..
5	Oh my gosh!! This place was hands down amazing!!!! We came here for the first time tonight and this will be a stop for us from now on every time we visit vegas! Our server Andrea and Selina were great! They suggested the snow crap legs which were to die for!! We liked it so much we ordered a second pound! We got the hot and juicy mix medium.  Our server Andrea suggested medium because it gets spicy as you keep eating. Her suggestion was spot on! Thank you Andrea! We ended up ordering 2 pounds of snow crab and 1 pound of shrimp!  So good! Both servers were very nice and attentive! Great place to visit! You will be hooked!!
5	Just taking my own personal time writing this review about Hot N Juicy makes me want to drive over there right now and get a pound of shrimp. This place is king in terms of asian/creole style crawfish/shrimp/prawns. I think the shrimp is the better than the crawfish. The hot n juicy special sauce- spicy-  is the best tasting style imo. Id recommend requesting the potatoes and putting them inside the bag. The only negative things id say about this place is that dinner can be very messy and that your hands will smell, sometimes days after you eat. Crab legs are above average, corn is sweet, and prices are reasonable.
4	I hate HATE crawfish!  But it's messy filthy fun date.  You're offered a bib and U get pounds of crap thrown on ur table and just get messy!  If u like crawfish GOGOGO MUST GO!  I just hate u can see the feces that you are eating!  Barf Out!
1	I would've given it zero stars but that wasn't a choice. I've dined at this location many times but I have never received this kind of horrible service. Danielle our server which her name tag mentioned she was a lead server which I can not believe she gave us the worst service. First off she sat us with no menus I had to get up and get them from the next table, second we waited 5-10mins after getting our food for a servers attention to tell them our order was incorrect and all Danielle did was nod and rolled her eyes so we assumed our new order was going to come out yet it never did and yet we ended up being charged for it. Their was 2 servers on the floor Danielle and Reme no server ever came by to check on us but yet they went to every other table. We work in the restaurant industry and I would never treat a paying guest this way. Next time a friend of mine mentions on dining at Hot & Juicy I will let them know that their hard earned money should be spent somewhere else!!
4	Caught this on TV and book marked it for our frequent trips to Vegas.  Also, there's a place in Houston that I've been to that was voted top crawfish joint in the city that has a very similar concept.  That place was good so I had to check Hot and Juicy out.The concept is brilliant - pick your seafood, pick your quantity and pick your seasoning (or just fry it).  No muss, no fuss.  Prices are relatively cheap and the food is tasty.  Our server was great and we really didn't wait long to be seated (maybe 5 minutes).  In that respect, I guess we were lucky with parking too, but I can see how it may be a cluster on other nights.My one pet peeve is no full bar, but I'll live.
5	On par with boiling crab but has its own unique flavor. This was the first place I had boiled seafood outside New Orleans. It is great and delicious. If you prefer crawfish, call ahead to make sure it is fresh not frozen that day. They will gladly tell you. When it is fresh get there early before they sell out!
5	ooooommmmggggg this place is a gift from god...food totally amazing. ..i didn't know what to put in my mouth everything taste so good and spicy
5	OYSTERS,  SHRIMP,  and DUNGENESS CRAB!  Oh my!  Lol!  Another must stop while in Vegas.  There's either this place (that has other locations) or Boiling Crab...but we like it here better.  You order your seafood, pick your sauce, spice level, sides (if you want)...then get MESSY!  Soooo good!  I always get the shrimp with the spicy hot & juicy sauce.  Mmmm!  I also get an order of oysters.  I gotta have that cold clean oyster feel while eating spicy stuff.  And also because I just LOVE oysters.  =)  Rice is a must for me, oh and a side of extra sauce with lotttts of lemon.  I'm so hungry now.  Lol!
5	I finally popped my Hot & Juicy cherry! First time here and it was all that everyone said it was, and more! Their idea of spicy is REALLY spicy, I think we had ordered mild and my friends were still dying. I was fine but there was definitely a kick to it! I didn't take any pictures since we were pretty much just thrown into the fray of it all and it's quite messy! I recommend the crab legs for sure, and well, the crawfish, however since it was November when we went, crawfish was not in season, so they warn you that the crawfish was previously frozen and not fresh. Thanks for the warning! We will ordered them anyway. Fries were good, softshell crab platter was good, shrimp I think was the best of them all, next to the crab legs. A little hard getting server's attention, but other than that, it was a fun time and delicious meal.
5	Thanks to Jay Money for a great seafood tour of Awesomeness with all the bagged goodness. Cleaned the pours with Spicy Hot&Juicy sauce, made my day...yeah get to this place for sure. Super Nice People
1	Worst customer service I've ever experienced of my life. We had a party of four ordered probably close to 140 dollars worth of food and seen hardly any of it. We place our order at 544pm on January 1st. At approx 605 waiter comes with a pound of crawfish and a pound of snow crab. We wait until 630 still 2 of the remaining people yet to see they're food. I call the waitress over she says I'm sorry were really busy". My response was I understand that I'm in customer service myself but when another party of 4 comes in 20 minutes after is and orders 10 lbs of crawfish and gets served before I even see my lb I ordered over 35 minutes ago that's a problem. I've never experienced that bad of service and this was one of my wife's favorite spots this is truly disappointing.
5	What a surprise! I had to pull over for a phone call and looked up and saw the sign!I stopped here last year when when I was here and couldn't pass up this opportunity thrown in my lap!Once again a fantastic  meal. Bags of boiled and seasoned seafood? How can that not be a great thing?Had me some shrimp w/sausage and clams. My favorite sauce is Hot n Juicy -medium spicy.  My waiter was great as well and hooked me up with a calendar Enjoy!
