4	For a former fast-food restaurant (complete with drive-thru lane), this place has completely transformed to be a new player in the Vegas ramen wars. Exterior is all black, interior is swanky and looks like a lounge. Very welcoming, very clean. Menu is fairly extensive with a few different types of ramens, and a handful of sides, add-ons, and tapas options, as well as a few desserts.JINYA BUN is $3 (~$4 regular) on HH menu- chashu on a bao, simple, classic, flavorful, and delicious. The tempura BRUSSELS SPROUTS were crispy and fresh with a touch of truffle oil that didn't overwhelm but added an extra savory note.CRISPY RICE WITH SPICY TUNA is a favorite dish of mine: I'm not a jalapeno fan but the thin slices are the perfect complement to the tuna and rice, which is perfectly crisp and never burned.CRISPY CHICKEN is also super-moist and flavorful, plated with a small salad with their fabulous dressing and a delightful dipping sauce that may be a house-made gyoza sauce?TONKOTSU ASSARI ramen with pork broth, chashu, karagge, green onion, seasoned egg, spicy bean sprouts, and thick noodles: delish! Broth had good depth of flavor without feeling too fatty (server described it as one of their lighter options), noodles were chewy and the egg was just slightly overcooked on the edges, but still gooey and enjoyable.[2nd visit] TOKOTSU BLACK ramen with pork broth, pork chashu, kikurage, green onion, nori, egg, garlic chips, garlic oil, fried onion, and THIN noodles: full bodied broth, but highly preferred the thicker noodles, the thin ones are too similar to spaghetti IMO.[Millionth Visit] SPICY CHICKEN TONKOTSU: amazing noodles with a spicy broth and the addition of ground chicken. No egg in this version, sadly. Reminiscent of a lighter version of Sora's spicy ramen bowl but without the heavy grease of Fukumimu's tan tan men. Featured special in October, $10/bowl.Very pleased with food and service- so much so that I went two days in  row. Highly appreciate the pricing (see receipts in pics). Management was visible throughout my visit, interacting with visitors. If this is any indication of an average visit here, they'll have a huge following with a waitlist very soon.
4	The Skinny: although not the best ramen I've ever had, this might be the best bowl of tonkotsu ramen in the Las Vegas area so far. That being said, I'd skip the spicy chicken ramen. The truffled brussel sprouts are brilliant (3.5) service: prompt and helpful (4) value: a bit pricier than its counterparts, it's definitely worth a trip (4 starred review).We were stalking Jinya on Facebook to check for its grand opening - eager to find a decent ramen joint in town. We managed to come in on the second day of opening. It was so good, we dropped by the next day with a pal to take in their happy hour specials.First, the ambience. I think the tendency for this joint is to turn up the tunes - loud. Although their music selection is good (MJ is classic), I kind of prefer not having to shout across the table to the hubs. Luckily the manager is accomodating and turned it down a notch for the comfort of my tympanic membranes. The decor is comfortable - lots of open spaces with variable methods of seating. Bathrooms are nice and clean - the women's bathroom even sports a real Japanese toilet with heated seat, bidet, and butt dryer.Service is prompt and friendly while our water glasses were never left unfilled. On to the food.In our two visits we were able to try multiple items: Tonkotsu Black Ramen ($10.55): the broth: overall, not bad. There is some porky depth to their broth which as appealing and the flavor wasn't too muddled with other things. On a broth scale, they'd get a 3.5/5. The noodles are the thin traditional hakata style tonkotsu noodles which gets extra bonus points. These were cooked well and had a nice bite to it (4/5). The toppings: the chasu had a nice soy flavor to it, and melted in your mouth. The egg was a tad overcooked for my tastes (I like it a little more runny) but again marinated well (4/5). In terms of tonkotsu ramen, I'd say this is a 3.5/5 on a ramen scale which would put it decidedly as one of the best bowls of ramen we've had in the Las Vegas Area. I think this is first joint in Las Vegas where we'd ever finish all the broth.Spicy Chicken Ramen ($9.55): their number two most popular ramen. The broth: although the broth had a nice thickness to it, it just didn't have enough chicken flavor. On a broth scale, it was about a 2/5. The noodles were the typical curly thicker noodles which were done well 4/5. The toppings: the chicken chasu was tough and didn't melt in your mouth like the pork chasu. Served with bean sprouts, green onion and spinach, the toppings here didn't wow me (2/5). This ramen bowl would get a 2/5 and I wouldn't recommend it.Brussel Sprout tempura with truffle oil and salt ($5.80): this is the only time I've ever seen the hubs voluntarily gobble down brussel sprouts. The batter was crisp, light with just the right amount of salt.. When combined with the truffle oil, the flavors worked really well together. A must try item!Tako-yaki ($4.80): served on a bed of egg salad, this rendition of tako-yaki was good with nice flavor. The filling was light without the being too gummy. It could be a bit crispier on the outside but otherwise a good decent dish with a very healthy serving size for the price.Happy Hour Special items include Jinya bun ($3), Crispy chicken ($3/5 pcs), Jinya Quinoa Salad ($3), Edamame ($2), Marinated Spinach ($2), Baby Leaf Salad ($2), An-Nin Tofu (sweet almond tofu with fruit, $2). Jinya bun ($3): this is a steamed bun with a slice of pork belly with some lettuce, cucumber and a drizzle of sweet soy sauce marinade. The bun was steamed perfectly and had that perfect texture. The ratio of meat/bun was good. The pork belly melts in your mouth although it was a little fatty. The time we had it, I think it was a tad sweet but otherwise the flavors and textures were very good. The buns are larger than you think. Would recommend trying this.Crispy Chicken ($3/5 pcs): this is a very large portion size of karaage for the price. To be honest, the crispy chicken was a little on the dry side on the inside for me albeit very crisp on the outside as advertised. I'm not sure if I would order this again.Marinated Spinach ($2): sprinkled with sesame seeds, this was dish was marinated in a sweet soy sauce. Overall, it was okay but not something I felt I needed to order again.Baby Leaf Salad ($2): I found the dressing to be a bit watery and under seasoned - could probably use a bit more onion in the dressing to make the flavors in the daikon dressing pop. I'd probably skip on this one.An-Nin Tofu ($2): this is almost like an almond tofu mousse in texture and incredible soft. For my tastes, it didn't have quite enough almond taste to but it was nice and light. Not a bad dessert, may order it again if we come for happy hour again.Given that they make one of the better bowls of ramen in the Las Vegas area, I would recommend you come in for their tonkotsu ramen and the brussel sprouts tempura. (3.5 star bump up to 4 star review
5	There's a new ramen restaurant in town and this is not just another ordinary ramen place capitalizing on the new ramen craze in Vegas like many other ramen places popping up around town. This ramen can actually compete with the big names like the Montas or the Soras. So be afraid...Monta, be very afraid...Sora, you finally got some real competition. The menu is very extensive, you can actually have a complete meal here without having ramen, but since ramen was the reason I was here, that's exactly what I ordered. I went with their most popular which is the tonkotsu black, a very rich in flavor broth with pork chashu and the perfect toppings, fresh onions, fried onions, garlic, nori and a boiled egg and served with perfectly cooked thin noodles. I had to try the pork broth this time for comparison purposes but on my next visit I'll provably be nicer to my heart and order the chicken broth instead or even the vegetable soup ramen and I hope they're as good as the pork so I can stop here more often without the guilty feeling. Service was great, I had no problems with my drink being refilled as needed and my waitress was very helpful explaining the menu and making recommendations. The dining room is very spacious with many booths and tables, a bar facing the open kitchen and a majestic communal table in the middle inviting strangers to become friends by the power of ramen if only for just one meal. I can see Jinya Ramen becoming one of my favorite restaurants come winter, for I could definitely have ramen here every day, if only my arteries were twice as wide.#happy hour 3 - 5  = useful.
4	Just went to check this place out. Friendly atmosphere,  good service, great food. I gotta give it to the kid meal for $7 u get the chicken noodle soup, fries w/shrimp tempura and rice. Oh and it comes with a dessert too...for $7 it's a lot of food for a kid but really good. I almost forgot they have homemade tofu. I love it. Definitely going to go back.
5	Wow what a fancy ramen restaurant.  We enjoyed using Happy Hour(3pm-5pm), Sapporo draft was only $3!  I love how they set up a menu, we wanted to try one of each..  so we already plan to take one for next visit.Tokyo tonkotsu was very richer flavor, yes server explained to me before we order so it was supposed to be.  I am ready to try next one.  :-)Overall we were so happy to be there.
4	So glad Jinya is in Vegas now! If you love the thick Tonkotsu flavor this is the place to go. Service was good, except for our waitress didn't know what restaurant she worked for? She kept saying "Chinga Ramen"? I know they just opened and all but it's a big turn off,
5	i think i found my favorite ramen place here in Vegas! Before it was Ramen Sora, now Jinya introduced me to a very delicious and flavorful broth! Ohhhh gosh when i had my first sip of the broth i told myself "this is my ramen bar" lol... The flavor was very balanced! It wasn't salty at all! I totally recommend this place to ramen lovers! The place was really cute and rustic and the service was very good! Please keep it up! I'm actually loving it! ;) also the good thing about this place they're open til 3am!!! Unlike other ramen places here closes so early! I can see industry people eating and drinking here after work. Thank you for the good experience jinya! ;)
3	Ramen noodles were ok, didn't care for them blasting music so loud that we had to shout at each other.
4	Nice decor, good broth, great noodles, amazing pork and solid service. It's a great place to take someone on a date. The music is very fitting and enjoyable. I will most certainly be back!
4	Newly opened restaurant, so definitely a few kinks to work out. The first problem is the shortage of wait staff and delayed seating of patients. We waited approximately 10 minutes for a table for 4, even though there was an empty table available the whole time we waited.  A party of 2 walked out since they were also waiting, but several 2 seat options were available the whole time they waited as well.... So efficiency and customer service definitely needs some work!  The restaurant decor is modern with wood paneling.  They also have a large family dining style table in the center, good for a large group.  One thing lacking is lunch service...I think they are missing out financially by starting their service at 3pm.... In regards to appetizer options, I would say Jinya ranks #1 of the ramen restaurants (even over Monta Chaya) for the variety of offerings.  The pork belly buns are $3.80 each or $3 during HH 3-5PM.  The pork belly is extremely tender and flavorful and the bun is nice and fluffy (pretty much like Peking duck but pork belly inside).  We also tried the truffle oil tempura brussel sprouts which were tasty but I've had better brussel sprouts (i.e. Yonaka).  The crispy chicken (comes in 5,10,15 piece orders) was extremely moist and had a nice crispy exterior, paired with a yuzu soy sauce. I would definitely order the chicken again.  I was a little disappointed when we sat down and the waiter started listing off multiple items they had run out of (i.e takoyaki, shrimp toast, assari ramen, etc).  Not really a good start with half the menu items missing or unavailable =(  I'm a takoyaki fiend, so I was very sad to hear they ran out.  The waiter informed us that the shrimp toast is being removed from the menu....not sure why, since he said it was delicious.In terms of ramen, the following are my rankings for Vegas:1. Kogashi ramen with thick noodles (Fukumimi)2. Tonkatsu black with thick noodles (Jinya)3. Tonkatsu with thick noodles (Monta)The tonkatsu broth at Jinya has depth of flavor and the broth is very hearty.  I prefer the broth here over Monta, since Monta can often be too salty.  I ordered the tonkatsu black which has garlic oil and chips, chili paste, a whole seasoned egg, nori, kikurage (fungus), green onion, nori,  The flavor marriage of these items makes the broth stand out and I would say the broth is on par with Fukukimi's broth, albeit different.  The pork belly is not quite as fatty as Monta's,  but is flavorful and tender similar to Fukumimi's.   The one thing that leaves Jinya at #2 in my rankings, is the consistency of the noodles.  My noodles were slightly overcooked and some noodles were clumped together in a ball....  Hopefully, they work that out, since I think the consistency of the noodles is very important to the ramen experience.  A nice touch is the raw garlic that is free, they bring over a garlic press so you can have fresh pressed garlic to your hearts content.   The wait time for the ramen was about 15-20 minutes after our appetizers...they are definitely lacking the efficiency of Monta.  However, if you want to sit and chat, this is the place to go.  You never feel like they are rushing you out of the restaurant.   I'll definitely be back to try this place out in another month or so, I'm guessing things will be even better then!
4	I love ramen and I've tried most ramen places in town. First time I've heard about Jinya was in Ramen Festival last year in Rio. The rumor was they were coming to Vegas to open. They were not my favorite in the ramen festival but it was better than the most as well. That's why I had to check it out.Food1.Homemade tofu- the concept is interesting. They poured the hot soy milk in front of you and after five minutes the tofu started to get firm. It comes with seasoning you can add to your tofu. I personally think it's fun to order and it doesn't taste too bad. However, homemade tofu in Raku is still my favorite.2. Crispy chicken- it comes with 5/10/15 pieces. They are not the usual karage where the chicken nugget is bite size. I would say they are twice as big as normal karage. However, that was my favorite dish of the night. Chicken was marinated perfect, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. 3. Tonkatsu black- I was impressed that they give your a whole egg instead of half. The pork was tender and noodle was nice and chewy. The broth is not salty which is a plus for me. Tonkastu in Monta is too salty for my palate. However, I think the broth can be more flavorful. This is why I'm giving four stars. Service was attentive and decent. Decor was hip and spacious. I would definitely return and try other items on the menu.
2	I was really excited to try this new place.  Ordered the  Tonkasu assari combo with the gyoza and salad. Ramen noodles was good ,Soup just a little to salty. Pork is too thin and brakes apart. Decent size , I like it more then monta because monta give you so little noodles that  it doesnt fill you up. Salad was really bland. The dressing was garlic? Ginger? I dont know  what it was but it tasted like nothing,  all I taste is the oil. The gyoza was really bad. I mean I gyoza itself was good. The fillings was good but they cook mine with a dirty pan and the bottom isnt even crispy but its soft and black from a dirty pan. I whipe it on a napkin and it was all black. I dont know ill go back , maybe I more try.
2	I love ramen, so I'm always excited to try new ramen places. The ambience of the restaurant is nice and because it is a new restaurant, it is still very clean. The ramen was a little over priced. The broth didn't have much flavor to it but the portions were large. My cousin ordered gyoza, but it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. Excellent customer service.
2	We decided to check out this new spot after our late night movie. We walked into the restaurant and it had a cool layout. There's a giant table in the middle with multiple booths surrounding it. We were seated at this tiny booth for two along the wall. Then the server approached us, asking how our day was and in return she told us she's had a long day and it could have been better... Like what do you say back to that?! Awkwarddd... Then she briefly explained the menu and their popular items and gave us literally 1 minute to look over the menu. I get that they are going for a dim dinner feel, but we could not see what the menu had to offer. We had to pull out the flashlight on our iPhones to read the menu. She came back but obviously we weren't ready, because we couldn't even read the menu to begin with.. Finally she came back and my boyfriend and I both picked out the spicy chicken ramen. I'm kind of a picky eater so I asked what each ingredient was. When I asked about the "Tokyo Negi" she literally stood there for 30 seconds, blank stare, not knowing how to explain what it was.... So I just asked for that on the side. I added mushrooms, corn, and butter. As she was taking our order on the iPad, I had to repeat over and over what I wanted.. Again she said, sorry it's been a long night..   After that I went to the ladies room. I was surprised by their high tech toilet that lifted up by itself when it felt my motion near it. It even had a seat warmer lol! And that was the highlight of my experience there, pretty much hah.... Finally, our food came out and I didn't see the butter or the mushrooms..  Pretty bummed out, but I didn't say anything. I was so hungry, that I could not  wait any longer. My stomach was growling all day.Overall the food was good, but I still like Monta Ramen wayyy better!! Their service definitely needs improvement if they want to compete with the others.
4	JINYA specializes in tonkotsu flavored ramen which is based off a pork bone broth. I think JINYA does a fantastic job with their broth. It is creamy, rich and full of flavor. THey have several options for their broth, I went with a spicy tonkotsu broth with a spicy level of "spicy" which i assume is considered medium. The ramen was cooked firm the way I like it, it had pork slices, but more sliced than normal, eggs, green onions and some of the other regular stuff you'd expect in the ramen. I honestly felt like I could have gotten away with the tonkotsu assari which had about the same things in my ramen minus being spicy. Reason being was they have a bunch of condiments to still make your broth spicy so you could save a couple of bucks. JINYA also offers a ton of toppings, they also have some really fresh garlic you get to mash yourself. I was not a huge fan of their takoyaki, too much batter, not enough octopus imo. They also have fried brussel sprouts in truffle oil, tasted like any other tampura fried item, truffle oil does not elevate the taste.Overall, I think this place is great for their tonkotsu ramen.
4	This is the newest Ramen spot in Las Vegas, me and my wife wanted to try since we do like trying new resto's and trying to compare with the one's that we tried before we checked out the Happy Hour which is 3-5 pm. We ordered the Jinya Bun which is definitely a must try, it sweet, and juicy, the karaage was excellent, and quinoa salad was something refreshing and definitely something new. The Ramen was OK though. The service was great. The Ramen plus the excellent sides I would definitely come back to try other side dishes on their menu. Over all I would definitely  come back.
3	I like Jinya.  I like everything about a small ramen bar with enthusiastic service and great music.  The appetizers are delicious.  I will definitely go back for more sometime soon.
4	Let me refine my 4-star rating by saying it's really a 3.5. But let's be positive!This place looks quite nice inside. Lots of wood usage. Dark. Lighting with low power filament bulbs. Big table in the middle which I think suits the space quite well - like a community area! Service was attentive and the menu was explained thoroughly.So, the food:- Jinya Tonkotsu Black. Let me say, this is the whitest black ramen ever. I'm often ordering ramen with black garlic oil and I don't think I saw any! The color aside, the garlic taste was definitely there. There is a hot sauce placed on top of the chashu slice which I mixed in - explaining the slight bit of bite in the broth. The broth itself was good. A fine balance between a richer/fattier broth and a lighter one. Noodles were plentiful, thin, and most certainly firm. The egg, served whole and liquid inside, mostly soft on the outside. The chashu was average at best - no particular flavor to it. A fine bowl of ramen.- Premium tonkotsu white. Mostly the same as the above, but no garlic oil, and a hybrid chicken tonkotsu broth. Let me express my thought on this clearly: it's a little chickeny!- Side curry and salad. I think it's tough to mess up curry. I mean, how? Unless there's nothing floating around in it. It was curry, served with rice. I think this will hit the spot for any cravings. The salad was mixed greens with a dressing I can't identify.- Jinya bun/bao. The most expensive, and best, bao I've had. I loved the meat in this! It was cut thick and had plenty of flavor. Again, at $4/ea you're basically getting a whole banh mi sandwich somewhere else.This is some of the better tonkotsu ramen around town to me. I'd certainly be back!
4	Decided to try this new place out with a takeout order.  The staff was friendly, and talked about the menu. The broth and soup base were in separate containers so I could blend them together. The noodles were a little stuff, but that might be my inexperience.  The bag include chop sticks, which I appreciate and skipped the fork that I didn't need anyway. The tuna roll was well presented in another container. I will be back again.
4	First let's start by saying I'm a Monta fan.I came here seeing it was a new ramen joint, it's definitely spacious inside with a nice ambience. The staff and service was great. The bathroom was clean although they do not have paper towels as an option only air dryer. We got here around 8 and only 1/3 of the restaurant was filled. I ordered a Tokyo tonkotsu ramen combination with their crispy chicken (3 pieces) and side salad while my girlfriend got a Tokyo tonkotsu ramen as well, both with thin noodles. I added corn for $1 while my girlfriend added chicken dumplings (2 pieces) $2. The side salad was mediocre, if I'd known I woulda just skipped the combination and just got a 5 piece crispy chicken for an extra $1. The crispy chicken was better than most places that I've tried. Now if you think Monta's tonkotsu ramen is salty then this place's broth might be for you as it is not as heavy/thick as Monta's. The chashu was more lean not much flavor, I like a fatty chashu like Monta's. There were not many options on adding your own spice, however the fresh garlic was a nice touch. The thin noodles were different from Monta's but still good.Over all this has got to be my second favorite ramen place in Vegas, I will probably come back and try a different type of ramen, maybe their spicy chicken.
3	Stopped by last week to meet up with my homie Michael K for happy hour but wasn't too impressed. Although the HH prices are fairly cheap, like $2-3 for everything, it's not much of a discount off the original price so it's not really worth going out of your way to make it on time. For example the Jinya bun is $3.80 but during HH it's 3 bucks. Crispy chicken is usually $5 but during HH it's 3 bucks as well. Anyways, HH is daily from 3 to 5 PM.Didn't get ramen on this visit because it was still early for dinner and we wanted to take full advantage of the happy hour specials. Plus, I was a little turned off by their ramen pricing which seemed a little steep for what seems like a standard sized bowl. I ordered a Jinya bun and crispy chicken which is basically karage. The Jinya bun was surprisingly delicious and I loved how tender and flavorful the meat is. The crispy chicken is a 5 piece order which makes it a killer deal for 3 bucks during HH; tastes similar to karage I've had at any other ramen joint. I tried some of Michael's tempura fried brussel sprouts but they aren't for me, probably because I'm not a big brussel sprouts eater...I'm sure it's a taste that I just haven't acquired.The service was pretty decent although I felt like they came by our table way too often to try to pick up empty plates practically as soon as we were done with the item and to ask if we needed water refills. Seriously, no one drinks water that fast so chill!
4	Been hearing about this place and even heard that they serve takoyaki and I knew I had to check this place out. Started off with their takoyaki and I was impressed that it didn't have that soggy defrosted texture like the takoyaki I had at another local Vegas ramen shop. My sister and I got one of their monthly specials, the Tokyo Tonkotsu ramen. Consisted of chasu slices, tonkotsu broth, kikurage, finely diced onions, bonito flakes, & thick noodles. The broth was superb and the bonito flakes enhanced it even more adding an umami flavor. The only gripe I had was if their portion size was a bit bigger. Definitely a place to visit  again when you want a  change from your usual ramen place.
4	Maybe ramen really is the new pizza!  It's kind of mind blowing how I was dying for just one legit ramen joint in Las Vegas only a few years back and now I could do a week straight without going to the same spot.  I'd also have to chug 500 gallons of water during said week but still....I was looking for a basic, no frills ramen and their "Tonkotsu Assari" fit that bill perfectly.  Our server also mentioned it was his favorite.  Assari consisted of pork broth, chashu, green onion, egg and bean sprouts, but the thick noodles were the clincher for me.  Most of Jinya's ramen offerings come with thin noodles which I am usually not down with although I didn't ask if they would substitute.  It's a good thing they put me at a corner table since I slurped my face off.  From top to bottom, it was solid through and through.  There is better chashu to be had in town, but this was still a nice bowl of satisfaction.  I'd also skip the salad (dressing was gross) plus gyoza add-on and opt for another tapas dish instead.  To my knowledge, Jinya is also the first and only spot in Vegas to do takoyaki the right way.  I've had so many awful versions of it since moving from Japan that I had given up hope.  I was delirious after my first bite!  The light crunch, generous chunks of octopus with its signature sauce, mayonnaise and dried bonito flakes put my taste buds on another planet.  It was a terrific dish that I will be having multiple times in the future.  Love that they're open until 3am!!  Good call with giving only the ladies the nice Toto toilet.  :P
4	Not exactly 4 stars but more like 3.5 stars. Food was decent but not as good as Monta Very very nice staff. Very nice decor. Lighting was too dark and music was way too loud. Was really disappointed that they didn't have any Japanese fried rice!! Had some other tapas that was ok but not really a Raman Raman place... They had tapas that you can pair together with a Raman which is nice but Raman house to me is Raman, gyoza, and fried rice. Heads up, just stick to the pork broth and skip the chicken broth Raman
4	Jinya is a solid ramen spot, and it is by default the best ramen spot after midnight. Not bad for the new kid on the block.It was actually quite crowded for the late (12:30) hour. Only one space seemed to be open aside from the giant communal table in the middle of the room. The host asked us if we'd been there before and, as we hadn't, thoroughly explained the menu. Then we got into the menu think tank.I saw Philip T's recommendation of the takoyaki and decided to give it a whirl. It's pretty good. Nice crispy outer layer, lots of tako (octopus) inside, lots of bonito flakes, and two sauces, similar to the one "authentic" takoyaki that I'd had before from a tent inside a Mitsuwa Marketplace. The inhabitants of that tent are apparently well-known for takoyaki back in Japan, and I certainly enjoyed their version of it. The one thing I didn't enjoy too much on Jinya's takoyaki was the chewy texture on this one compared to the remarkably tender tako on the other.I had the tonkotsu assari per a friend's recommendation. It was pretty solid. The broth was very different from other pork broths that I've had, almost as if there wasn't actually enough pork. I actually used the ramen seasoning provided at the table on the broth later on and ended up with a flavor more reminiscent of other broths that I've had, but I typically never have to add any additional condiments. Anyway, noodles seemed to be a bit over al dente but wasn't terrible. The egg was one of the softer eggs (although not runny) that I've had in a ramen, and I also enjoyed the generous fungus, green onion, and bean sprouts. I do wish that there had been more than the one piece of chashu.Overall, service was solid (lots of getting checked up on in addition to the menu walkthrough), and I did enjoy the ramen even though it seemed lacking in some ways. Given the surprising abundance of ramen options in Las Vegas, I wouldn't necessarily go back here unless I was looking for ramen in the wee hours of the AM. Last call is at 2:45am, which is pretty nice if you're meeting up with a friend who's just arrived in town. Or something else. I have no clue what else people could be doing in Vegas at such a late hour...
4	Not only is this place nice inside, the broth is ON POINT. There are a few other locations in California, Canada and Texas. Not sure if  I would consider it a "chain" though. I will be back to try something new and order a few of the same things. PROS: Tonkatsu Black (#1) ramen             Jinjya bun             Tokyo Yatai ramen             Crispy chickenCONS:  Priced on the higher side (but really good quality)
4	Ask me to get ramen and I'll probably say no. I usually have ramen twice a year. It was about that time of the year and I decided on Jinya. This place may have changed the way I see ramen. I came here right when they opened. I noticed it started to fill up about the time we left, 4. I decided on the black ramen combo, which came with a salad and another side. I chose Chashu pork. The ramen broth was nice and light. I really enjoyed the thin noodles. This bowl was huge too. As I was eating, I felt like it kept refilling itself like in Harry potter. There was a good amount of meat, but not too much. The Chashu pork was also delicious! I absolutely loved the egg that came with it. The combo is definitely a bang for your buck kind of deal3-5 is when they have happy hour. I didn't actually get anything off the happy hour menu, but I'd be down to come back and try it sometime.The service was pretty attentive. They made sure we were enjoying our food. When we were trying to decide what to get, the waiter brought over the sign for the new ramen they had, just so we could have an easier time deciding.
2	Food is good, The management is horrible. The girl Tomimi or whatever her names is. Doesn't have a clue on what she is doing. The service is kind of slow. I ate there twice and both times The next day didn't feel so good.. My stomach was acting up. I wouldn't recommend this place. I would rather eat at Monta until the management gets better. My servers when I ate there were Brittany and Keoni. They were really great . They kept checking up on me and really seem like they knew what they were doing. The guy always made sure I had drinks and made sure everything was alright real great hospitality.. The girl did the same they worked really well this was the second day they opened. The next time I went there I got a different server who did alright he left me hanging a couple times which is the reason I feel this place deserves a lower rating. Foods good management not really and some servers are good some aren't so much. If you go there ask for Brittany or keoni I think that's what his name was.
5	I'm giving it 5 stars because I think they are the best in town.  Broth:  Tonkotsu Black is the one to get.  It's the most savory broth in town, better than both Monta and Sora (although Sora doesn't have Tonkotsu).  The flavor isn't from the excess salt but truly savory pork.  Pork:  Perfect mix of lean and fat.  Similar to the one at Monta but slightly less fattier.Noodle:  I usually order the thick noodle.  I wasn't impressed during my first visit because part of the noodle was clumped together...but it was perfect during my second visit.Appetizers: Pork belly bun is very good with generous portion of very fatty pork belly...I'm craving for it as I'm typing.Takoyaki is surprisingly good.  Good flavor and texture.  The egg salad at the bottom is also very tasty.Fried Brussel Sprouts:  Nicely breaded with good mild flavor.Fried Chicken:  Also pretty good, tender, crispy, and flavorfulCaution:  I'm not a big fan of the spicy sauce.  It's okay in moderation, but the flavor is too strong that it changes the taste of the savory broth.  I'd stay away from the Tonkatsu Spicy.  Or at least try the Tonkatsu Black first then decide for yourself.  Overall:  Every item we tried has been great.  Good Service.Suggestions:  Please consider opening for lunch!!!  And I think adding more variety of veggies will make it better (Sora does a good job on that).
5	The food is amaizing! Love it! The food came out fast and the service was great... I will definitely be going back. The kids meal is so good my so loved the chicken and rice.
5	Jinya, whatever culinary wizardry you got going on in the kitchen, keep it up! My tastebuds thank you. Jinya reawoken my love for ramen in Las Vegas. Granted, I've only had the chance to try Monta so far, I can quickly say that I preferred the (less saltier) ramen at Jinya. The broth was wonderfully delicate - It's not a condense, salty, ghastly rich and difficult to digest broth like Monta's. (But hey, if that's your thing? Just not for me.) I'm typically an advocate of strong, punch-you-in-the-face flavor, but something about that broth at Jinya kept me sipping and savoring the quality ingredients of the comforting broth. I can understand that some may feel that the lighter at broth at Jinya is unfavorable. However, I have to argue that if you feel so inclined, you can always add dashes (or tablespoons) of the delicious bottled ramen seasoning and thick spicy sauce that is conveniently sitting on each table, in order to adjust the boldness of your ramen broth. You have control of customizing the flavor of your ramen? I'm down with that! Honestly, my boyfriend and I didn't go crazy with the table-side ramen seasoning - a few dashes will set it off just right. Enjoy savoring that broth, close your eyes if you need to. It's actually more wonderful than you can even imagine, when you take it all in with the perfect bite: some broth, a little bit of noodles, some seaweed, some corn (if you added it), some chashu, etc. and slurp away! It just hugs your tastebuds and your belly. Here's what I recommend: - Jinya Tonkotsu Black ($10.55) - 2 slices of pork chashu+ kickurage+ green onion+ nori dried seaweed+ soft boiled seasoned egg+ garlic chips+ garlic oil+ fried onion+ thin ramen noodles. Yeah. This is the broth I was talking about when I wrote my love story above. The thin ramen noodles were perfectly cooked, al dente. The soft boiled "seasoned egg" is ultra luscious, silky, and also cooked perfectly. All of the components in this ramen were meant to be eaten together. I truly enjoyed the delicate nuances of garlic in the broth, it was not at all pungent or artificial tasting. I also feel that the toppings I chose were perfect for this ramen- Toppings added: - Corn ($1) - I love corn and I love corn in ramen soups! It adds a lovely pop of texture and sweetness with each slurp of the broth. Highly recommend. - Fresh Garlic (FREE) - They bring out a small jar of raw garlic cloves that have been soaking in water and also provide you with a metal hand garlic press. You can freshly press the garlic yourself and adjust how much garlic you want in your soup. The garlic flavor is very smooth and not aggressive, because the soaking method removes a lot of the pungent, spicy, bitterness in the plain raw garlic. It really enhanced the garlic flavor in the Tonkotsu black broth and brought the ramen to a whole notha' level. If you're are a garlic lover, I highly recommend! - Extra Pork Chashu ($2 for 2 pieces) The chashu here is indeed buttery, but there is also a good amount of enjoyable, tender, meaty substance - unlike the flimsy fatty chashu that just disintegrates into the broth at Monta. We also tried:- Jinya Bun ($3.80) - Daaaym! that pork belly is buu-tter-yyyy!!! That pork belly is what makes the bun unforgettable. The toppings and the sauce were on the simple/weak side, so I can't necessarily say I need to order this every time I come here. But I would definitely recommend this for first-timers to enjoy that expertly cooked, buttery pork belly.  - Takoyaki ($4.80) - Philip T. didn't joke around when he said it was one of the better versions (if not the best) takoyaki in Vegas. It came out hot, plump, juicy, and it even had cooked egg white chunks (egg salad?) in the mayo! That was totally unexpected and added such an amazing texture and unique flair to the beloved classic. Take your takoyaki ball and just run it along the plate to pick up any (and all) of the takoyaki sauce and chunky mayo sauce - sounds weird, but that's how it was meant to be eaten! The octopus inside each ball was also cooked perfectly, moist and extra tender. Not only was all of the food we tried satisfying, I was also really diggin' the ultra sexy vibe and bossy decor here. Plus, right when we walked in, their amazing song playlist completely captured my attention. They played back-to-back-to-back jams that were right up my alley. I'll admit it - I used SoundHound the entire dinner to figure out what exactly was playing, since I needed to add it to my playlist. I can only recall 1-2 places in my entire life, where the music really set an amazing mood for dinner. I'm so happy to report that Jinya was certainly added to my list as one of those places. I am relieved they are open late until 3 am (!!!), in Vegas it's necessary and a step above all of their competitors. They also have a ramen/ Japanese tapas drive-thru coming soon! No way? That's crazy! I can't wait until next time!
3	I kind of like to think of myself as a ramen connoisseur so decided to try this place out last night with my friend. The place has a pretty nice interior with a huge table right in the middle for large groups I'm assuming. The waitress greeted us promptly and was attentive at first but as the meal went on the customer service disappeared.For appetizers we got quinoa salad and takoyaki. The quinoa salad was very tasty and would gladly get it again. The takoyaki was very delicious, probably the best I've had in Vegas honestly.For ramen we both got the regular spicy one. We weren't expecting bean sprouts in our ramen and don't really like them but we shouldn't been attentive in the menu seeing it was on it. The broth was good but the noodles tasty pretty sturdy. Not sure if they're packaged noodles or if they just didn't cook the noodles long enough. As I said earlier the waitress was attentive at first but weirdly disappeared. The meal was whatever but the appetizers would bring me back.
3	So after a few friends on yelp and co workers went to try this place I had to give it a shot.  I actually got here early...they open at 3pm and I got there at 2:45.  Apparently starting tomorrow they open at 11:30am.  Or rather on the first.Anyways, I was greated right away.  I was the only.person in there for awhile.  Granted I got there right when they open.  They apparently.have specials that last until a certain date.  Thats nice to.know.in case you LOVE the special you know they will have it until a certain time.  I had the tonkonsu ramen black, gyoza, salad, and the squid balls.  The salad came out first.  It was mixed greens with some dressing.  A typical salad.  The squid balls came out next.  It was good and filling!! It was 6 pieces...with lots of sauce.  I never had anything like this before so I cant say it was the best, but awesome choice.  The squid was hot but I found it to be cakey with some bites.  Still good just texture.Gyoza came next.  Nothing spectacular.  Then the ramen.  By this time I was getting full.  The both is nice.  I like the chasu and the egg.  The noodles...meh it was aldente.  I like my noodles soggy or a little but softer.  But it was good tasting.  Just not what I was excpeting.  It was the thinner kind...im thinking maybe I need to try the thick noodles before I truely render my verdict about this place. Overall good customer service.  The waiter filled.up my water...and was attentive.  The food was good but I didnt like the way my noodle was...perhaps I needed a pork chicken broth but based on what I had it was good but not spectacular.  I guess I prefer monta...
4	I'm. Surprised.Never thought I would see a ramen place excel higher than monta. Well, this place is pretty damn close. Keep it up and I would say they finally raised the bar for ramen in this town! Their broth (tonkatsu premium white) is less salty, thick and creamy. It sits well in your stomach. It doesn't feel fattening, and is really light. When you eat it, it goes down so smooth and you don't feel humongous after you eat a bowl. You simply feel satisfied.Get the combos for more for your buck! Awesome prices. Chasu bowls are really good. The Jinya bun is suuuuper yummy I could eat those all day.The atmosphere is awesome. Nice setting. Loud music. When you walk in they immediately greet you hello. When you walk out they immediately greet you goodbye. You feel like you're a famous someone, and that's an awesome feeling! The waitresses are super sweet! She even remembered me after just two visits. This place is definitely a hot spot. Their girls bathroom is also pretty awesome. And I love the fact that they're open late til 3am. Finally don't have to rush for ramen because most of them close at 11am.Kudos to you, Jinya.
4	Hmm, where do I put Jinya... That's the million dollar question. But after careful consideration, I believe 4 stars is accurate.This is probably my toughest place to review, so bear with me...First time I was here, I ordered the tonkatsu assuri, their cheapest ramen at 7.90. I thought the flavor was ok, but it didn't blow me away. My friend ordered a veggie ramen, he said that he liked it a lot, but I thought that was ok.I came next during their HH and sampled the world renowned Jinya bun and crispy chicken, aka karage. Things were starting to look up!! The Jinya bun is a pork belly bao, and probably ranks up there with Wendy's ribeye bao. It's grilled with a delicate BBQ sauce, and it is extremely tender, and the fat is nice and melty. It's a little pricy at 3.00 during HH. The karage is a great deal during HH. This isn't your normal, popcorn chicken sized crispy chicken. These are 5 large hunks of chicken, that are super crispy and moist!! So good! I do have regrets of not ordering the quinoa salad that a neighboring table ordered, it looked very appetizing.On my last visit, I was feeling full from a late lunch so I decided to get something small so I ordered the small pork chashu bowl. The best part of this bowl was the rice, it was perfectly cooked. I was disappointed in the pork chashu. It looked like the leftover bits from the Jinya bun meat. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't that great, there wasn't a lot of fat on it, but it wasn't dry. Overall, I thought it was kinda bland.The service here is really good. They really do a good job of taking care of you. The ambiance is really great, especially the large communal table in the center. I don't know if this would be my go to ramen spot, especially with so many unique ramen spots in town, but it has a great vibe and would be a fun hangout spot with friends.
5	The food was sooo good here!  I knocked off 1 star for ambiance.   The music was way too loud and I felt like I had to yell through my conversation.   My boss took me here and we ordered the tempura brussel sprouts..YUM!!!... Jinya Buns..made of marinated pork belly and wrapped with a sticky bun...MUST ORDER..SERIOUSLY...then we each got different soups..I had the no. 1 pork soup..VERY GOOD...same with hers.  Sje had the chicken version.  It was pretty reasonable too..our bill came out to $38. Ill be back for sure to try their tapas menu next time =)
5	This is review is based on take-out only. The service was quick and the waitress was super friendly!I love the fact that they have more options of small plates in addition to a chashu chicken option for ramen vs. Monta. We ordered the spicy chicken ramen with Tokyo curry set, which also came with a small side salad. Everything was delicious, especially the spicy chicken broth and the noodles were perfectly cooked with a slightly chewy texture. You can tell that they use the freshest ingredients which makes their food even better. We will definitely return to try other things on their menu!
4	When coming here, my family and I had the intent that it would be really good, and we weren't disappointed. We saw on other reviews that it was rumored to be better then Monta and/or sora, so expectations were already high.   To be honest, I don't think it was better than Monta, but it was better than sora. JINYA and Monta are both on equal terms but jinya's other menu items are what out them on top.   We ended up getting Tonkatsu assari mild, Tonkatsu black, JINYA chicken ramen with extra butter, takoyaki, pork gyoza, and JINYA buns. All were so delicious (especially the JINYA buns... So good)
4	Jinya Ramen Bar is another competitor to hop into the already saturated Vegas ramen scene. I would probably put it on the #3 spot in terms of best ramen spots in Las Vegas. Two things I like about this place is the inclusion of happy hour (3-5pm) and super late hours (open until 3am).I've had the chance to try both the spicy chicken and tonkotsu varieties over here. The spicy chicken broth has some savory kick (with a choice of mild, spicy, and extra spicy). The tonkotsu broth here is rich and creamy, reminiscent of Monta. Only miss is that the pork chashu was a bit more tough than I'm accustomed to. The pork belly at other ramen spots are much more "melt in your mouth" worthy. Here's a rundown of what I've had:-Crispy chicken (5 pcs): Nice big pieces of chicken karage. Doesn't beat what Fukumimi offers, but it does its job, especially during happy hour prices ($3). 4/5 stars.-Gyoza: Really tasty gyoza here. I wouldn't mind ording another round next time I come by. 4/5 stars.-Curry rice: Nothing really stood out with the curry here. Standard Japanese curry over rice. Not bad, but not amazing either. 3/5 stars.-Spicy chicken ramen: Rich chicken broth filled with the usual components in a ramen bowl. I was kind of bummed that this was one menu item that didn't come with an egg. I had to add it myself ($1). I really liked it. They give a choice of mild, spicy, and extra spicy. 4/5 stars.-Jinya Tonkotsu Ramen: Here's that rich and creamy pork broth that I love. Probably my favorite bowl of ramen here. 4.5/5 stars.-Almond tofu dessert: A creamy almond tofu pudding complemented by kiwi, peach and strawberry fruit topping. This was much more delicious than I expected. 5/5 stars.I definitely see myself coming back here. The vibe that this place offers is very "L.A." It's hip, modern, and very upbeat. It's much more accommodating as a hangout/date spot than most other ramen bars out there. I like the fact that they have a happy hour, which makes things very reasonable.Note: Happy hour is daily, from 3pm-5pm. Plenty of drink specials and $3-5 apps.
2	Nice decor inside and out for world wide chain.  Food good not great and higher priced.  Hiromaru better tasting for similar price.  Monta much better bargain.  Music here was so loud could not have conversation.  Who comes to these places to listen to loud 'club' music?  Hard seats need cushions.  Too many better places so would not return.
5	Best ramen in Vegas!  The service is great, everyone from the staff to the chef was very welcoming and greeted us right away.  I tried Spicy chicken ramen for the first time. It was literally the best ramen I've had. I can't wait to come back just for this. My friend tried the Tokyo Ramen and thought the same thing about hers. Also tried the almond pudding with the fresh fruit topping.  It was good. Nice change from the usual ice cream options at the other places.
4	Black Tonkotsu: It's definitely heavy but somehow I finished mine with no problem. My hubby ordered Red, which was definitely lighter, but with a kicked up attitude. We loved them both, and we are willing to come back to try other ramen as well. At Jinya, sides are plentiful as well. We ordered brussels sprouts tempura (very creative and intricate), octopus balls (I'll come back just for them), and refreshing annin-dofu at the end of our meal. The only thing they're missing is fried rice, which isn't a big deal at all. The service was super fast, hostess/servers were all friendly, and it's not as crowded as monta/spring mountain. It seats about 50 people (spacious), so you can actually enjoy your meal without feeling rushed. HUGE PLUS.
4	I've been waiting for Jinya to open for a while now after hearing about it a long while back during a ramen festival. And so when they did open up, of course I had to go. My friends and I decided to give it a try one of the nights for dinner.We started off with the organic tofu, which was made in front of you! It was pretty awesome to see. The texture of the tofu was a bit rough than what I'm used to and when I was eating it, all I could think about was how I wanted some syrup to go along with it and turn it into dessert tofu! Taste wise, nothing really special but interesting experience.I also got a Jinya Bun to try, which was pretty much a pork belly bun. I gotta say...I've had better. It was a lot of sauce on the bun and most of the times, it covered the flavors of the pork belly and .. I didn't really like that. It was a sweet smokey type of sauce and it wasn't exactly very appealing to me. As for the ramen, I decided to go with the spicy chicken ramen at their spiciest level. I normally go with a tonkotsu but most ramen places in Vegas make their tonkotsu broth really heavy and salty so I didn't really want to go there. Instead of their thin noodles, I decided to sub it with their thick noodles. I like my noodles al dente and most places don't cook their thin ramen noodles that way so I took the chance and went with the thick ones. Good choices on my part. The broth was light and very good. It is not heavy, not salty, and not too spicy even though I can take really spicy things. Best of all, I didn't get tired of the taste of it. When I normally eat tonkotsu, I get tired of the flavor really fast. The noodles were perfectly al dente! On the side note, their bathroom is very romantic. It was quite dim with some lights around the mirror and lights around their toilet. Their toilet's lid automatically comes up! Its one of those bidets -- pretty spiffy. All they really need is some soothing music in the bathroom and we could have a nice rendezvous there! Overall, great ramen. Would definitely come again to try other things! (:
4	A worthy addition to LV Ramen community (namely Monta and Sora)
3	I love ramen! I have wanted to try this place for the longest time but their hours were so late 3pm-3am. I was off yesterday, and no one wanted to go with me, so I just went by myself! I was seated immediately as there was just a party of 1. They sat me at the bar, and took my order quickly.  The waitress asked if I had been there before and when I told her I hadn't, she explained the menu and reccommended her favorite dish which had chicken and pork broth. I love pork, so I ordered the tonkotsu assari. It came out immediately. The broth was actually a lot lighter than what I am used to.  I like my broth heavy and thick. There were plenty of veggies on top. At first I was scared that it'd be all veggies, but my noodles were hiding underneath the mountain of bean sprouts. The noodles were the only noodleson the menu that were thick. One of the reviews complain there was only 1 piece of chasu, but mine had 3 pieces. My younger sister last minute wanted some ramen, so I order the spicy chicken ramen with a spice flavor of hot for her. That order actually took a little bit longer as it got more crowded.  Her noodles were thinner and the broth was more of a chicken flavor. I did like the spice level of her ramen broth. When I ordered the noodles for take out, they put the noodles in one container and the broth in another container. The garnishes are on top of the noodles. My sister just put the noodles in the broth, and it tasted wonderful. They do have a drive through coming soon, which is probably how they will package that. I wonder how the drive through is going to work as the noodles do take a while to cook... Just a minor complaint. I like spicy as I am part Korea, but they didn't have any chili oil. Sadness. They did have chili powder and spicy sauce, but it just wasn't the same without my chili oil. The service was really good, and they waitresses checked on me several times to ensure that everything was okay. It just didn't taste better than what I expected.
5	This might be my new favorite Ramen joint. I don't necessarily think Jinya beats Monta, but it's definitely on the same level as them. The gyoza may be a little more tasty though. We've eaten at Jinya a couple of times now. The first when it was still pretty new, and my boyfriend and I both tried Tonkatsu's. I did the Tonkatsu Assari and he the Tonkatsu Black. It's weird because when I eat Ramen, I guess I don't automatically notice the difference in flavor right away, I just think they're all good. I tried mine next to my boyfriends and was able to compare. Both were delicious, so both win. We also enjoy JInya because they offer the option of making your ramen into a combo which includes  a salad and one other item (gyoza, fried chicken, cali roll, or a some kind of meat bowl) We've ordered the friend chicken and gyoza. Good deal! and the chicken is so incredibly juicy and seasoned very well. The atmosphere is really nice also; I liked the decor, but think they could have utilized the center of the room a little better, rather than throwing that oversized group table in the middle. The table is so wide that the center doesn't get any use really; instead it takes up a lot of wasted space. Which wouldn't be a problem if the food tastes horrible and people didn't come there. But seeing as the food is good, and people will visit, they will be busy. Jinya should have realized this and, instead created two tables in the space available that would have been accommodating.Oh yeah, this is a note for you ladies. Don't forget to check out the bathroom. They have the BEST TOILET I've ever seen. I probably could've stayed in the bathroom for a while and just played with all the amazing things this smart toilet could do. haha.
5	If a restaurant can make me want to order Brussels sprouts on purpose, that is quite an accomplishment. I will order them every time I visit Jinya, and I plan to be a regular. The waiter welcomed me back although I'd never been there, and that seemed like a good beginning to the meal. Three of us ordered different ramens, and we all raved about them. My tan tan men was so, so flavorful. And ladies do NOT miss the toilet experience!
4	I finally have decided to stop in here after driving past it nearly everyday. The interior looked much nicer than I expected before I entered the restaurant. There is a small ramen bar in front of the kitchen and a small Japanese themed dining area. The staff were all very friendly and the restaurant appeared to be very clean.The food and the service was better than average. I would definitely recommend giving this place a go.Takoyaki - this was excellent. If you like the Japanese dish Okino Miyaki then you will like this dish. It is basically the same ingredients and then it is shaped in to bite size portions.Crispy Rice with spicy tuna - this is just what it says it is. It was good.Crispy Chicken with ponzu sauce - This would have been a good choice if the chicken would not have been so greasy. I think the oil in the fryer needed to be changed or they dropped the chicken back in the fryer after it was cooked.Spicy chicken ramen noodle - the ramen was excellent. I ordered it "Hot". It had a lot of heat to it, but not so much heat that you could not enjoy it. I may just go with "Spicy" next time though.
5	JINYA, JINYA, JINYA - the ramen that Las Vegas has been asking for. Granted, I've only had ramen at three other restaurants, but JINYA is definitely at the top.The broth is deep, rich, and flavorful. Toppings are varied and fresh. My greatest praise of JINYA is that they have spicy ramen, and the broth is actually spicy! The chashu pork is thick but delicate with melt-in-your-mouth fat. Even their chicken bowls have chicken "chashu" that isn't that differentiated from the pork variety (meaning it's just as delicious even without the melt-in-your-mouth fat).JINYA offers pretty awesome appetizers and tapas (takoyaki, anyone?). The karaage is always a necessary order as well. I have paid the price of a burnt tongue many times just to consume these succulent pieces of fried chicken. But, what's really killer is their brussels sprouts tempura. Although already a lover of those mini cabbages, the thin, crunchy, and slightly salted tempura version is even better. Wish each order came with more because they are addicting.The atmosphere is amazing as well. The wood detailing, dark lighting, and posters of Ramen Life make it a pretty cool late night place to go to with friends. Not to mention the bathrooms have Japanese robot toilets. I almost gave JINYA four out of five stars, but those toilets...
3	"No ramen no life!" - Wise words from a wise personLas Vegas has been getting pretty wise these recent years, with it being the hot destination spot for ramen restaurants to open. Its crazy to think that a few years equal to the number of fingers on your hand there was only a handful percentage of residents who knew ramen beyond its instant form? In current day its the hottest thing, always in the spotlight in the local magazines, like its a trend. Thankfully it'll never die out like cupcakes or cronuts. Jinya is the NEWEST and TRENDIEST of the ramen residents, a franchise with locations in places like California and Texas. Two pages of variety include ramen that can be suited for the carnivorous cravings and vegetarians with their Vegetable Broth Ramen. Ordering in combinations ($4-5) such as gyoza and chasu bowls will get you the best bang for your fairly spendy meal. It wouldn't be trendy without the tapas available of course. The Jinya Bun ($3.80) is a pork steam bun is worth a try (once) if you like steam buns but do pass on the kaarage or crispy chicken. I assume its called Jinya Ramen BAR because they offer various brews, many delicious Japanese beers that aren't widely available. It seems pricey, but trust that the liquor store pricing is not far off, must be the importing. So the ramen... unfortunately I am not a fan of the four that I've tried. I blame Brittany Murphy. Her awful acting in "Ramen Girl" really had me thinking about the soul and heart that true artisans put in their ramen and at Jinya I just don't feel it. I'm probably just crazy though. The Tonkotsu Black and premium white broth's both have a sour finish to me. The garlic chips have a fishy taste, but that could just be me. I enjoy the taste of the chicken broth over the pork here and am much appreciative of the variety that Jinya offers.Maybe "Ramen Girl" was onto something, Sorry Jinya I think there's gotta be more heart and something else beyond the dim lighting, the bidets, the iPad ordering, sushi, the 350k franchise opportunity, and community seating.
4	JINYA have a diverse menu compared to most Ramen restaurants in Las Vegas. They offer dishes to add onto your ramen like pork gyoza, Tokyo curry rice and crispy chicken. JINYA also has an additional page of tapas, rice bowls and desserts. My waitress recommended the pork bun to start. At $3.80 it was the most expensive single pork bun I have ordered. It arrived on a small black plate with a toothpick in the center to hold it together.  It ended up being a reasonable size for the high price. The bun was fluffy and unlike most pork belly the meat was lean. It was also very tender but I thought the lettuce in the bun was unnecessary and would have done better with just the cucumber. The sauce did not pack enough punch for me so I mixed the house made ramen sauce and chili sauce to dip the rest of the bun into. For my ramen, I decided on the chicken ramen because my waitress said it was her favorite and had just as much flavor as the pork broth without being too rich. She was right, it was the most flavorful chicken ramen broth I have had. It was rich, creamy, but the noodles were too chewy for my taste. JINYA ramen has a much better chicken broth than any of the other ramen restaurants I have been to in town. Their three house made sauces are well executed and their diverse menu will bring me back even if I am not in the mood for ramen.
5	Had an amazing lunch with my family!  They have an excellent selection of appetizers, ramen soups, other items for people that don't want ramen, and a kids combo.   I had the Jinya no.1 ramen which was amazing!  Very tasty broth and everything went well together.  My niece and nephew shared the kids combo which is an awesome deal!  Crispy chicken, french fries, rice, seaweed I think,  tomatoes and lettuce and a kids tofu pudding for $7!  They are very kid friendly and have nice colorful plastic dishes, cups with lids if you need one, and kids utensils.  My brother and sister in law got the vegetable ramen and the chicken cilantro ramen which were also awesome!   We shared the tofu pudding with lychee and other sliced fruit, I'm hooked on tofu pudding!  The service was also great!   Attentive and informative.  Oh and the restrooms are really cool with the fancy toilets!   I will be back!
4	Had the Jinya buns and hiyashi (cold) ramen special with sesame sauce. Both were great, among the best I've had. I would especially recommend the sesame sauce on the hiyashi ramen. It reminded me of a cold sesame sauce ramen I had once in Tokyo which I've never been able to find outside Japan. Only reason for four stars is that the waitress was too loud and aggressive.
4	Atmosphere is nice, only complaint is music is pretty loud for some reason.Gyoza was delicious! Came out quickly.The ramen on the other hand took a while, so I recommend you have patience if you come. Not sure why its taking so long.How was it?Yummy...I had the chicken and pork broth..Toilet seat experience.... don't be scared :P just push the buttons.
5	Awesome been here three times and had 3 different ramens all were amazing !!! So for the spicy chicken is my favorite , all the staff is amazing and they play great music ! Will def continue to come here , I would highly recommend this to anyone. Also there open late !! Can't say enough good things about this place .. ... Warm soup belly ..... Ok I'm done now
4	Look out Monta, there's a new kid on the block. Actually, Jinya is quite a few blocks away but it is on par, dare i say better? Having consumed the Tokyo special which includes the standards by which to judge ramen: tonkatsu pork and pork broth, i think better is a consideration.I found the pork broth to be heavy and filling in the best way. Creamy umami permeates the entire bowl and delivers satisfaction with the perfect amount of salty-ness. Speaking of perfect, i have to mention the temperature of the dish which was, perfect. The only thing worse than cold ramen is losing taste buds right out of the gate!Add to this slightly aldente noodles and flaky, delightfully seasoned pork and you have a serious contender for Vegas' best ramen. I can't wait to return for more of the small yet exciting menu.Do be advised that this is a ramen bar so expect a bar-esque music volume, not really my bag thus the four stars but it won't stop me from a return visit.
5	Ramen With A Modern FeelCompletely caught by surprise with this quality ramen restaurant. Jinya offers quality ramen at a reasonable price.  The broth is a bit more 'porky' or 'meaty' than other ramen bars. What makes this place unique are it's appetizer and side dishes. The venue is small and dark with a modern feel. A must if you're in the area.
5	This place was wonderful, the service was excellent they didn't miss a beat. Very courteous and attentive the service alone was impressive. Food was excellent too I'm definitely going back.
4	If I had to say one thing about Jinya, it's that it's got a great ambience! The music is somewhat loud, but usually has a nice beat. All of the wait staff I've had were girls and I've never seen a guy on the floor yet, and are mostly cute. The workers at the counter yell out "ITTERASSHAI!"("Welcome" in Japanese"), and the server was spot-on and attentive when it came to taking the order.Now came the food, the food was alright. Nothing spectacular in comparison to the other ramens I've had over at Miso-ya and Sora. The broth is a lot lighter, which a lot of people might like and appreciate more than me who is a fan of heavier-flavored broths and giant pieces of tender char-siu :,,:Don't get me wrong though, the pork was delicious and tender, but the pieces were much more generous over at Sora. In this highly competitive, emerging market of Ramen and Japanese food in Vegas, Jinya stood out with its appeal rather than amazing food. I enjoy eye-candy myself though.
5	The restaurant is really nice inside, it's nicely decorated and has a good amount of seating. There are plenty of options for everyone, including vegetarians. They are also very accommodating with adding to/changing the ramen.I don't eat meat, but I'm ok with broths. I ordered the Cilantro Chicken Wanton Ramen. I took out the chicken wantons and added tofu and broccoli instead. The soup had amazing flavor and the noodles were delicious. The portions are excellent as well.The staff was incredibly friendly and I would definitely go back!
2	Personally, I didnt really like it here. Its loud and so dark I had to out my phone to read the menu. There also wasnt anything on the menu I was dying to try. Food was bland; you could tell they made their everything extra spicy and salty to hide the fact that the base of everything had little to no flavor. The soup didnt have any depth to it. Service was good, and thats about the only thing I can compliment them on.
3	This place does get quite busy, so expect to wait. My first experience didn't go so well. My family and I ordered fried chicken, tako yaki and crispy rice for appetizers. They failed to bring out the tako yaki and crispy rice until inquired about. So, we ate those after our ramen. We ordered a kids meal for my little one, who never received his order :( I ended up sharing my ton katsu black ramen with him. The ton katsu black was flavorful as well as the fried chicken. The tako yaki would be better if they actually added a little more taki. If I do visit again, I do sure hope my experience is better.
3	It's funny, another yelper mentioned a great ambiance - but I guess it's not to my taste. I don't need silence when eating my ramen, but the music was way too loud. It's not really enjoyable when you server has to yell at you, and you have to yell back for them to hear you. To make matters worse, there was awkwardness at the communal table between the random couples (yes I've sat at communal tables before without issue). Thank goodness the food was better than I expected! If it was just based on food, I'd have given it 4/4.5 stars.
4	Decided to meet up with a friend here for lunch. Despite my first 15 minutes in this place waiting by the door because I wasn't able to sit until my whole party of two people were there, this place is pretty good food-wise. The prices are really good in my opinion, $15 total for drink, salad, Cali roll, and ramen was great. I still prefer Sora because I feel their broth is just so nice and rich, and they have a much nicer service. What I didn't like is not being able to sit at a table when I was only waiting for one other person and there were seven empty tables and the place wasn't busy at all. It was also pretty funny when the couple behind me had complained about not being able to get seated when it was just them and they were staring at a wall of empty tables.
4	Referred by friend, just try it out tonight. When the door open, heard very loud music. Very difficult to communication with the waitress, I have to speaked  very loud to order the foods. There not enough light. The Jina Bun was great. Ramen are so so, too much oil, too creases. Too salty.
5	First time here had dinner for 2 in a nice booth.  Small restaurant, but feels open and comfortable.  There's a huge table in center for large groups.   Booth was nice and wasn't too loud to hold a conversation.  The service was great.  Server was knowledgeable and attentive, she took our ramen orders promptly and we received food and drinks in a timely fashion.  Water glasses were kept filled and we received check after meal, but weren't rushed which was awesome.  Enjoyed the ramen, I would like to return to try other items on their menu.
4	I like the clean and modern feel of Jinya. There is a huge communal table in the middle of the restaurant but I am not a fan of those. I like that the menu has several different appetizers that you wouldn't usually find at a ramen spot.. We enjoyed the spicy tuna on crispy rice.. The spicy tuna did not have any kind of "fishy" taste and the crispy rice was perfectly fried. I recommend trying the chicken ramen.. You don't see that everywhere and the broth was surprisingly just as creamy and rich as the pork broth.. I do, however, prefer the pork chashu that comes with the pork ramen VS the chicken that comes with the chicken ramen. Service was good but we did get a few plates that were not properly cleaned.. :/HOT TIP: There is no drive-thru.. they should take their sign down lol
4	Ordered veggie ramen to go for before flight dinner. Was feeling sick and craved broth and veggies. This hit the spot. Broth full of flavor, ramen perfectly chewy and not over cooked and vegetables still crisp enough. Better than any airport food. Would go back again next time I'm in Vegas. May visit Cali location too. Recommending to Vegas and Valley friends.
5	Super yummy ramen and close to the strip! Who knew Las Vegas would have a good ramen spot? I'm excited to learn that they have one in Los Angeles ahahaha good thing because I live in LA! I had the pork spicy ramen and the big noodles were chewy and tasty my bf had the chicken spicy ramen but like mine more better. They also have add a salad and app for $3.95 I think.. Lol more it's worth it so get it!
4	I thought monta was good.... But this place is delicious!!!!  Tokyo Tonkotsu ramen broth was buttery, pork belly melts in your mouth!!!
5	Living in SoCal, one gets used to finding good Asian food.  I've been a fan of Japanese food for a long time, and a *good* ramen place is always a find.  We were trying to chase down someplace for dinner and this place came up.  I wasn't expecting much, but this place was a very pleasant surprise.   I had one of their tonkatsu ramen bowls.  The noodles weren't overcooked, the pork tender,  and the broth was very tasty, while NOT overly salty, which I appreciate.   Worth the trip off the Strip!
5	Love love love this place. Sucks that I live in n. Las Vegas cause I want to go here more. Also they ruined "normal" ramen for me. I can't seem to enjoy noodle soup from the grocery store anymore. Ahhhhh. None the less it was amaze, and when I'm down there again I will totally go again.
4	I had the Tokyo Tonkotsu Special, Pork Gyoza, crispy chicken, and the Brussels Sprout tempura.The broth was thicker and more savory that Monta which is my favorite place in town.The pork wasn't as flavorful and good.The gyoza was very well done, very juicy but were very vegetable heavy which is good /for me/ but some may prefer theirs more on the pork side.The sprouts tempura was good but maybe a little undercooked.The Crispy chicken was good but nothing about it really stood out for meAll in all I wouldn't say it's /the/ best but it's /one of the/ best places for Ramen in town. it's also bigger than some of the really tiny places so hopefully the wait won't get bad.I will frequent this place
5	Finally found a place better than Monta!  Never thought i would say that.. Ive probably tried every ramen place in this city and this is it.. Great service as well..
3	My first time and the place looks amazing. So I don't know yet. But on my first bites Itsssss goood!!!!!!I give 3 stars so the next time I can still improve and place can surprise me more
4	nothing wrong with another ramen place opening up, especially when they are putting out excellent eats. A nice opened spaced dining area as where some other places cram you in. There is a larger table in the middle where different groups or individuals can come together. They also had some good music pumping, a little reggae as I recall.  I had the Tonkotsu Assari bowl. It was such a flavorful broth that I left some noodles behind while sipping the broth to its end. I also had the tempura Brussel sprouts. A bit salty for me but I definitely enjoyed them this way. Another star of the meal was the Jinya bun. pork belly on a steamed bun how could you go wrong. I will definitely be coming back to try the many different options Jinya Ramen Bar has to offer.
5	The food is great and consistent with flavor. I highly recommend the gyoza and pork bun along with any ramen you choose. I'm not a big dessert fan but the tofu (sorry I'm brain farting on the actual name) one is great because it's not overly sweet which is a great transition after all the food. Everyone there is welcoming that compliments  atmosphere. Check it out!
3	A ramen chain in the West Coast. I decided to give myself a treat after my exam. I wanted to try the quinoa salad for some reason I forgot all about it when I saw Brussels sprouts on the menu.Brussels Sprouts Tempura:My bad for not seeing the "tempura" part. I wanted a vegetable...fried veggies just don't make sense - what's the point? Aside from being deep-fat fried, these poor things are doused in truffle oil and heavily salted. After forcing ourselves to finish the sprouts, there was a good teaspoon-ful of oil at the bottom. Veggies aren't supposed to give you a heart attack. 2/5Fried Chicken:Kara age. Lightly breaded but extremely oily and salty - Soul Glo oily. The pieces of chicken were not dry. 2/5Jinya Bun:Pork belly bao. You get a nice thick piece of pork belly with sauce, Japanese mayo and greens. 4/5Tonkotsu Black:Pork broth with chashu, kikurage, green onions, nori, seasoned egg, garlic chips, garlic oil, fried onion and thin noodles. Probably one of the best bowl of ramen I've had in Vegas. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the broth was excellent because of the garlic. 5/5The service was good and the place is typical of a ramen bar. I appreciate the variety on their menu. The ramen was great and they are a ramen bar. But man, the oilyness and saltiness of the appetizers were unforgivable. We walked out with our lips all pale and feeling so bloated after eating all that salt. My hair smelled like oil the whole day. I would still come back for the ramen and nothing else though.
5	Me & my boyfriend really enjoy this ramen place.Our server Alicia was sweet & helpful.The ramen she recommended for my boyfriend was delicious. He truly enjoyed it.I got the Jinya Tonkastu black & I added some corn & butter, yumm! ~We also started with the Jinya Buns which are mouthwatering! If you go, you have to try the buns. This is probably our second favorite ramen joint.Everyone here is always so nice.
5	Love everything about this place. Beautiful interior, nice playlist, great service, and phenomenal food.JINYA provided the best ramen experience that we have had in quite a while. The takoyaki was better than any I have tried before, so satisfying and mouthwatering! Their tonkotsu black ramen was delicious and full of flavor, which makes me wonder - why have I never tried garlic with ramen before? The almond tofu dessert was also a dream, although I barely had any because my date nearly devoured it whole. We also ordered a lycheetini and even that was a delicious and refreshing treat.This place is probably my favorite in terms of Las Vegas ramen restaurants and I am eager to have many more meals here. As they say, "No ramen, no life!"
5	Came back again , still great this is our 4th or 5th time , little busy but the staff kept up , tried the pork bun for the first time , if you order one thing to start your meal make sure it this , so rich and very very tasty might be the single best thing I had tonight but the Ramen is always stellar .
5	Best ramen I've had in a very long time. I tried it with butter and fresh garlic-amazing! I like the spicy broth but no chicken. Great portions too. It's a must try!
5	This place is amazing!! We went two days in a row. The ramen is delicious!! The broth is so savory!! Highly recommended!! Don't forget to add the fresh garlic to your noodles
5	Love this place! Right around the corner from my house and open late! The Quality is great and the service is always fantastic.  It's little more expensive than other ramen places but worth it
5	Excellent ramen & takoyaki. At decent prices as well. Would come back everyday if I can, especially for the takoyaki. I mean it's $4.80! It's a steal! Customer service is also a thumbs up. Very well appreciated by the waitresses. They also do bill separation with your pals when you request for it. Atmosphere is a plus. Might be a bit small but it's still good.
4	Decided to try this place out since the reviews were so good. Went there on a Tuesday night around 11:00pm. The place was quite empty. Ordered a pint of Sapporo, Spicy Chicken Ramen and Gyoza. The broth for the Spicy Chicken Ramen was very flavorful and had the right amount of spice. I wasn't so sure, but I think they make their own gyoza. Anyway, I couldn't say is the best Japanese Ramen I had; however, I would rate Jinya ramen as one of the top 5 Ramen I had in my life.
3	This is a welcome addition to the corner of Flamingo and Decatur. The restaurant is cute and modern. They recently started serving lunch during the weekend, so my fella and I decided to stop by. We shared a crispy rice with tuna as an appetizer and I opted for the spicy tonkotsu and my fella ordered the spicy chicken ramen.I wouldn't recommend the crispy rice appetizer. The texture and taste were completely off. The ramen was tasty. Not the best I've ever had, but decent. The spice levels were good and not overly salty like others I've had. The noise level was a little high in the restaurant. I like having music accompanying my meals, but it was overwhelming and hard to hear.Service was very friendly and efficient. I wouldn't mind coming back to check out their happy hour.
3	Holy salt overload!!!!!! I'm totally feeling the effects the next day after eating so much salt. Bloat, guilt, and swollen toes. We walked in, were seated quickly and the server asked us if we have been there before. My bf and I said no and her response was "hmmm interesting." Uh wtf is that supposed to mean and what happened to "welcome thank you for joining us." Are you guys so freaking well known that you are appalled that we've never eaten there before? That just put the rest of my dinner experience downhill, and honestly just straight pissed me off. Tempura Brussel Sprouts:You could smell the truffle oil and garlic right when it got to the table. Batter wasn't too heavy and it was fried perfectly. Tonkatsu assariThe noodles had a good, firm texture but not too hard. The broth was rich and creamy. My favorite part of eating ramen is the soft boiled egg, which I always save for last. This was cooked perfectly as well.Pork chasu bowlThis was good, but the pork was a little tough in my opinion. Mid meal, the initial server who put me in a bad mood had to go home, so she introduced us to our new server. She was nice and I'm glad we got someone new. I hope the tip we left went to her and not the first girl. As you can see, their food is great, but that one girl brought my whole experience down. If I come back, I hope I don't get the same server.
4	What a yummy lunch just off the strip. But if you aren't very hungry you must stop in to the ladies restroom just for the luxury of it.
5	Awesome. Front runner for best ramen. Jinya Tonkotsu Black ramen is ALL the others are raving about. Rich, garlicky and a myriad of flavor. Tempura Brussel sprouts add a nice punchy note to the light fry.
5	We are already Jinya fans from the Studio City location, but even though this is a chain we felt the Las Vegas location was much better.  Nothing against Studio City, but we also have tried Mid-Wilshire location and notice slight differences with all three.The food was delicious as always, but I noticed the Tonkotsu pork was a bit more tender and succulent at this location.  Regardless though I highly recommend this as our favorite ramen spot whenever we come across the opportunity.
1	This place is so poorly designed first of all if your entire party is not present you can't be sat and they don't have anywhere for waiting guests to sit and the waiting area is tiny.
4	This place was really nice, tonight was my first time there and I immediately fell in love with the atmosphere and of course the food. I tried the Tokoyaki and the braised Pork belly on steamed sweet buns. Each dish was really delicious, To the point that I savored every bit. The music they played reminded me of a cool lounge spot... Just really laid back but classy, not to mention the staff was very knowledgeable about the menu, friendly, and helpful! I would defiantly be back for more... So far my only complaint is that the restaurant as a whole is kind of small, but with that out of the way I still highly recommend you to check this little gem out! (In my opinion) you will not regret it!!
3	I'm giving Jinya 3 stars based on food and service. Service was great! I ordered tonkatsu ramen with curry and salad, the bf had tonkatsu ramen with gyoza and salad, and my gma had some chicken ramen with gyoza and salad. The salad was served in chilled bowls, making it nice and refreshing. But dressing tasted like shoyu. The gyozas were good and the curry was decent. My grandma and bf liked the ramen. I didn't care for it much cause a few bites in I started to feel sick. Decided to take the rest home, figured might be too much oil for my tummy. I was right, container was filled with oil the next day. Probably be back to try other menu items, but I'll pass on ramen
3	This place has plenty of seating and looks nice and that is about it. Sora and Monta still much better. I had the #1 and the ramen was very starchy. Not impressed with the broth. Sora is still my #1.
5	This is the only ramen place I go to now. The broth is really flavorful and it doesn't make me feel really bloated and heavy later. The interior sort of reminds me of Ichiza. I like how you have a choice between thick or thin noodles, types of broth. I really feel like I'm eating noodles in Japan when I'm here.
5	FINALLY found a worthy rival to the infamous Monta ramen.I would go so far as to say that Jinya rivals that of Monta but I know most others don't agree. The reason I would say it does is because of the Black Tonkotsu ramen. The broth has such a deep deep flavor of pork and is so very rich. Makes me drool just thinking about it. If you don't enjoy the porky flavor as much then I recommend the Jinya chicken ramen. Its half chicken and half pork broth. The chicken broth really lightens the porky flavor but also compliments it. Skinny noodles were good, similar to Monta. Other item I tried were the fried brussel sprouts. Didn't think I would enjoy it but I guess anything fried tastes good. Other than that, service was fast, efficient, and friendly. Definitely found my new ramen spot!
5	Got just take out here the other day(first timer) and I absolutely loved it. Much better taste and quality than Monta. And much nicer staff.
3	Small plates were pretty cool. Definitely recommend the truffle brussell sprouts and pork buns,Ramen was just OK, though. Thin noodles and broth was not thick, rich, or hearty.
3	Not much to say just OK.
4	I thought the ramen was very flavorful here..definitely would come back.  It was a hipster feel ramen place.  I got the pork ramen (black) and a side of curry rice.  We also got the Brussel Sprouts tempura which was very good..didn't have that after taste  which was great.
2	Ramen Jinya, I love you but a C rating for health inspection is NOT okay. Also, you should visit your studio city location for quality control as the spicy chicken ramen was watered down and not nearly as flavorful. Server was really nice and decor looks great but step it up!
1	I ate at Jinya the first time last night.  Came home started vomiting and diarrhea.  Whatever was in their food made me really sick.  Will never return!!!
3	I arrived for lunch around 1:30 pm on a Monday.  To my surprise it was still quite busy, but I didn't have to wait to be seated.  I always like to sit at the bar so I could see what they are cooking, but I couldn't see what they were cooking at this place because there was a stack of bowls in the way.  I ordered one of their more popular ramen combos ~ tonkotsu black and 3 pieces of karaage with salad ($10.55 + $3.95).  I think it was a bit on the pricey side.  To my surprise the waitress didn't even know what karaage was.  It didn't take long for my order to arrive.  Judging from the reviews of this place, I was expecting a good bowl of ramen.  But to my disappointment, there was a thick layer of garlic oil on top and the noodles were overcooked and soggy.  On the other hand, the broth was good, pretty concentrated broth.  Also, I wasn't expecting any chili paste in my ramen, but it came with a spoonful of chili paste right on top of my chashu.  If I wanted a bowl of spicy ramen I would have ordered it spicy.  They should have indicated on their menu that this is spicy.  I wasn't too please with this.  And for the price of over $10 a bowl of ramen, I think they should be able to at least cut the hanjuku egg in half and make the bowl look more presentable.The karaage was equally disappointing as the chicken was not fresh.  It actually was on the verge of going bad.  All in all, I won't try these two dishes again, but might go back and try some other menu items.
5	I think I've found a new favorite ramen spot.Walking into the restaurant, you're greeted with dim lighting and a romantic atmosphere. The interior design recalls Japanese influences with an modern and industrial feel. In the center of the restaurant is a huge wooden sharing table with cool light fixtures hanging above them. Smaller tables line the walls and windows.Our server was informative of the menu pointing out that the pictures on the menu were their popular items. I got the tonkatsu and my roomie had the spicy chicken ramen. Now, a lot of people claim that this place is better than Monta. I won't agree to that but I will say that quality and taste of the ramen is good in it's own way and is on the same level as Monta. That's just my honest opinion. The broth is a little lighter but still full of amazing flavors.I definitely recommend this place to everyone who is a ramen lover or just curious to try a new restaurant. I'll be back to try more of their ramen options.
3	OK ramen in Las Vegas.  Worth trying but not good enough to return.Ramen is available with thin or thick noodles, based on the broth.  The broth was simple & clean.  The noodles lacked flavor or any character on their own.Gyoza was good, tempura brussel sprouts were good.  Those I'd recommend.The ramen is what I came for and I was not impressed.
4	JINYA is definitely shaking up the Vegas ramen scene. Truthfully, I haven't been back since to Ramen Sora or Monta Ramen since this place has opened, so I feel a bit guilty for that. I really like the Tonkatsu Black Ramen and appreciate that it comes with everything you could already want, no need to order any extra. They have a "ramen sauce" on the table, but I haven't been compelled to use it. There is a good variety of appetizers here, my favorite so far is the tempura Brussels Sprouts that are really well seasoned, no sauce needed. My one complaint would be that my husband and I keep getting seated in cramped 2-person tables when there are plenty of other non-cramped 2-person tables available. I'm going to start speaking up on this when we go, I'm a bit tired of putting my purse on the floor or on the chair and it getting hit the whole time. Otherwise, I really enjoy coming here. Music is always interesting, tea costs extra but is pretty tasty, parking is easy and there's normally never a wait. It's a little bit less of a drive to make it out here too from the Westside, those few blocks down Chinatown make a difference haha
4	This restaurant was really cool, never seen anything like it. The food was great, fast and friendly service. Just wish there was somewhere to sit while waiting. We stood around akwardly for about 20 minutes before being seated. A little bit clastrophobic.
4	My favorite place to get ramen, Id recommend the spicy ramen. I love to add spinach to my ramen, and i love how they offer it as well as the spicy sauce and spices at the table. Four stars because I am not sure about the cleanliness of the place. Last time I was here and there was a red looking cockroach beside me. I switched seats with my friend and the staff was nice and offered for us to move tables- but they did not kill the cockroach. Other than that, the staff is nice and good food. Also love how late they are open.
4	First time here, was looking for a late night bite from our travel from SD. So this place caught our eye since it was a ramen place opened til 3am. We were greeted and seated quickly as we entered. Our waitress Alex explained their menu, informative. My husband and I were eager to try the Jinya bun and it was delicious!! The charshu pork was so tender and flavorful, it's a must! I'd come back here just to eat it!My husband ordered the Tonkatsu Black and outta 10, he rates it 7.8. He enjoyed it but it wasn't the best. Our friend Ryan and I got the Tonkatsu Asari, the broth was light and the ramen was filling. Wish there was one more piece of the pork, it was yummy- it comes with one! I usually don't finish mine, so my husband added my thick noodles to his broth. Ryan prefers a thicker noodle for the ramen. My fave part of any ramen is the egg, it was cooked perfectly but it did not have any flavor- minus a star. Overall this place hit the spot, I'd come back. The one thing we didn't like was how loud the music was playing. The set up was nice!
5	My favorite Ramen place! A little bit bummed that it's in Dirty Dining.. And I take those things seriously. But with Jinya....I'm coming back for more regardless (I do hope they fix it).. Yeah, it's that good.
5	They're open till 3amParking lot is ok, smaller shared parking with other business. If you have a lowered car you'll probably scrape getting into the lot or finding parking. As I entered the Music was a little loud. It made it hard to hear what the waitress said to us. She did go over the menu since it was our first time here. She went over the menu fast but it as informative. Seating is ok, there are plenty of booths. All the seats are wooden though, even the ones right at the front near the kitchen. You can see right into the kitchen from any where you sit at. You can see the chefs at work. Lighting is good, not to bright but low enough to set the mood and theme The side salad dressing was garlicy. The side of crispy chicken was a good size, 3 pieces as an add on comboTonkotsu Asari was good. The broth was light and flavorful. Their noodles were cooked properly. The egg was cooked properly also but had no flavor. This was an overall great experience. The food and service was good but music was to loud would be my only complaint.
4	Food is great! To be honest I first thought it had a fast food concept and was a little sketchy but it's not at all. Not sure what I ordered, all I know is that it was one of there specials and it had pork in it. Great new place. Definitely coming back!
4	Instant ramen is the best-selling item at the Rikers prison commissary, outselling coffee, candy, and Coke.You won't find instant ramen at Jinya Ramen Bar, but you will find a bunch of great options to eat. In fact, I'm tempted to give Jinya 5 stars for having so many really good items...but in the end I'm not sure that any one thing they do is my actual favorite. I love their Premium Tonkotsu White Ramen--a blend of pork & chicken broth with pork chashu, kikurage, green onion, seasoned egg, and a little fried onion. We always get it with their thick noodles, make it spicy and add some fresh garlic. The broth has such a lovely consistency and feel as it coats your mouth and invites you to lick your lips.While the  Premium Tonkotsu White Ramen is my favorite, there are several other items that are better than the usual items you find at ramen shops, such as:Chicken ChashuPork BunPork GyozaI also really liked the Tonkotsu Black Ramen. It is a more traditional pork broth and comes with garlic chips and garlic oil, both of which add a nice depth to the already flavorful broth.I have also tried their Spicy Chicken and Vegetable Soup Ramens.  Both are good, but not what I'm typically looking for when I head to a ramen shop. Besides, Jinya specializes in Tonkotsu and Tokyo styles of ramen...so I'm not sure I see the merit in venturing away from what they do best.The brussel sprouts are a miss for me. They are heavy and don't do anything good to promote tempura or brussel sprouts.You can also get pretty carried away customizing your ramen in a lot of beautiful ways here, so take advantage of the opportunity...maybe add some greens to your diet!
4	At first I was pretty skeptical about this place because it had been on dirty dining consider that it just opened couple months ago, but because this place just opened I figure I would try it out anyway.The ambiance is pretty nice and the food we ate was delicious. I wasn't a big fan of the crispy chicken, it was hard to chew and nothing about it wowed me. The shrimp toast and Brussels sprouts tempura in the other hand was pretty good. I definitely also recommend spicy miso Tonkotsu ramen. Our server was very knowledgable with the menu and attentive which made the experience even better. Tipped her 20% because she earned it lol. I also like the fact that they are open late.I must add, the toilet is pretty fancy!
5	Now, there are only a few late night eateries I can go to. AYCE sushi, Roberto's, and of course bars. But when I stumbled upon this gem. Who doesn't want ramen at 2am? This place is great! First off, I adore the atmosphere. It's very mellow and dark (as a ramen bar should.)      I've had my server Alex, 3 times and each time she was remarkably nice and very attentive. From what I can tell, so is the rest of the staff.     As for the food, in my opinion, Jinya does ramen right. The pork broth I had was flavorful and slightly thick. Noodles were on point. The Cha Sui pork slices melted in mouth and nothing is better than their seasoned egg. The appetizers we ordered, which consisted of Spicy tuna of crispy rice, crispy chicken, and pork Gyoza, were also all delicious!       If you're looking for genuine ramen, even if it's late night. Then Jinya is the place you need to go.
5	i actually only ordered to go but even as a to-go diner they took really good care of me. they sat me at the bar to wait and gave me a glass of water. staff was friendly, all smiles. two different servers made sure i was ok while waiting. the atmosphere is cozy, intimate and they use the small space very nicely. the food. . . ridiculous. i ordered the chicken ramen spicy with thick noodles. perfectly hot and had tons of flavor. also got the Tokyo curry which was new to me, also delicious. only problem now is resisting coming here every day. and open till 3am which is just another plus.
5	Must try the tempura Brussel sprouts and french fries with ketchup in truffle oil!  The ramen was good too.  I got the #1 ramen soup with salad and gyoza. Very tasty! The ambience of the restaurant is good too. Nice decor! I will be back next time I go back to Vegas!
5	The wonton ramen is delicious. But don't over look any if their scrumptious appetizers either!
4	It's a cool, hip, and very tasty ramen place. They play some really funky music and the ambience is stylish. Ramen is top notch. We got there around 12am and got seated right away. Overall, it's a great ramen place that I would definitely come back if I crave ramen again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	My taste buds were very surprised by the balanced flavors of the Ramen! I expected it to be very salty because it was the saltiest ramen but it was just PERFECT. The spicy miso ramen is a little too sweet for my taste but most people would probably like it. It has a lot of flavor and definitely not salty like a lot of other ramen places. Although it's not as salty as other places, it packs more flavor. The pork gyoza was cooked to perfection. The ramen #1 black was very rich, but it balanced out the saltiness. There was black garlic oil that made the ramen soup rich but it wasn't overpowering it at all. It complimented the thin noodles. Definitely the ramen I will remember the most. The takoyaki was pretty average because everything else was phenomenal. The Chashu bowl was average because there was only a little amount of Chashu and it was cut into pieces. It would have tasted better is it was whole in my opinion.
3	Seems hit or miss....I've gone in for lunch and dinner. Lunch seemed to be better all around. The music is always too loud tho.
4	This is the best ramen bar I have been to, the tempura Brussels sprouts are fantastic. I get the vegetarian ramen and add an egg, the broth is excellent and I like the fact that you can order extras in the ramen. A little loud inside from the music so it's hard to hear your company sometimes which is the reason for 4 stars. The food over all is very good!
5	I stumbled upon this place because my cousin told me we should try it.  We always have been going to Monta since it was one of the places for Ramen that we liked.  The only problem with them that it is way too salty for my taste plus the place was so tiny I felt so claustrophobic.  I am not one for cramped spaces.  My husband is an especially picky eater, especially with Asian food, but he loves this.  I think he finally found a place that he cannot get sick of.  They offer such a variety of food that you cannot go wrong.  I love the ambiance of the restaurant.  Very cozy and casual.The staff is on point when it comes to filling our drinks.  That is one of my biggest peeves is when the servers do not fill my drinks on a timely manner, but they do and I love it!  They are seriously on point when it comes to greeting us when we first come in.  My usual order is the Tonkotsu Asari.  Thank you BTW for not making salty.  I have a sensitive palatte so I am glad that you are able to add flavor without making me an enormous amounts of water.  My husband gets the Tonkotsu Spicy which he makes super hot.  It looks delicious, but I do not do spicy foods.  I think you guys made me a lover for the Takoyaki (Octopus Balls) and the Pork Chashu Bowl.  Yum!  This is definitely a place that we can eat with our friends and family.  My husband, cousin, and I are going to be regulars here.  People should seriously try this place out.  I cannot rave enough about this place.
5	Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuude, OMG.I've been here twice now (definitely not enough). The first time I went was a couple months ago. I was a bit disappointed in the place because they ran out of all things chicken and I really wanted the spicy chicken noodles. Regardless, the food was still good and the staff is unbelievably friendly.Fast forward to last Wednesday. My girlfriend and I went for a friend's birthday dinner and I finally got to order the spicy chicken ramen I wanted. IT WAS AMAZING. I'm one of those people that orders food and is full within the fist three or four bites but not this time. I ate the entire bowl and was still tempted to order more. The next day I wanted to go back. I still want to go back. The bowl was the perfect amount of spicy - I added nothing to it except fresh garlic (which is free, by the way). It's so delicious. I definitely recommend!
5	This place is amazing. Great service and food. They have a vegetarian ramen and it was delicious. Alicia was our server and was friendly and explained the menu to us which was helpful. Definitely will be back soon!
4	PBefore I came into this restaurant I was freezing cold wearing a sweater and sweat pants. After eating the spice chicken ramen in Hot mode my bod is warm and toasty. My frozen face was thawed out by these delicious bowl of soup. I feel great. My only complaint is I wish I brought bigger sweat pants.lol
5	Great ramen selection. I enjoyed my meal here. I don't rmr what it was called but I rmr it being a little spicy but not too too spicy. Anyways not too much to say about this. Great spot if your looking for some LA style Japanese ramen. The layout looks great and classic. You will see me here again soon.
5	Id have to say that I truly love the taste of a good, creamy bowl of ramen and being the hours that I work due to the nightlife industry I get off late and all of my favorite hot spot are closed down! After finding about this new place that was open till the early hours of the morning I decided to check it out.Not only do they have a great selection of ramen bowls but a fantastic/energetic staff and a great environmentI will always go to Jinya for my latenight ramen cravingJustin @ NLS Concierge
4	My go-to for to-go! Especially if there's a wait, and there usually is. It's also really good to eat onsite... even though the seats aren't that comfortable. My favorite ramen is the Jinya White, which is a mix of their Pork and Chicken broth. With the two flavors, it's not too porky and the chicken adds a clearness which gives a cleaner style broth. Thick noodle is better than thin, in my opinion. Order Spicy and get the Hot level; it's good. They make a good egg, so I usually add an extra. Pork chashu is not the best I've had but it's still good. If you're onsite, ask for fresh garlic. It adds a special kick, but it is something you and your party should partake in, or the odd one out will be the vampire target. Or get punished by garlic essence. I also really like the combination meal where you can order a side dish. My favorites are their housemade gyoza or chicken chashu bowl. If I'm not that hungry, I ask the server to pack up the bowl so I can have for lunch the next day. I did not like the Brussel Sprouts - it's not light tempura style at all and had too much batter. Pork Bun - It's a good version and I would order again. All in all, my new favorite ramen spot in town. Lots of versions and variety for all to enjoy.
3	The restaurant is pretty small with limited seating. We went in a group of six and sat at the large center table. We started off with the Jinya Bun which was really good. We ordered the Tonkotsu Black and Spicy Chicken Ramen. The ramen soup wasn't really to my liking so while the food was enjoyable, I probably don't see myself coming here again.
4	For a regional chain, this place is a pretty good spot for some good ramen and appetizers!  We had a good group so got to try quite a bit of appetizers:Gyoza - Pretty good, it's pork and veggies and pan fried.  Not a big fan when they someone does deep fried gyoza.Tempura Brussel Sprouts - Didn't care much for it, a lot of batter and pretty bland for my taste.Fried Chicken - Big pieces of their version of chicken karage.  Very tasty and seasoned very well.Fresh Tofu - This was a pleasant surprise, if you have some time and like tofu give this dish a try.  They actually make fresh tofu for you at the table.  Note, this is plain tofu and you have to add the ginger, scallions, fish flake, and soy sauce that they bring on the side.  It takes some time for it to form, if you're not sure when it's ready they should be able to tell you.Black Ramen - The soup base was pretty good, not a fan of the thin noodles though.Spicy Chicken Ramen - This was really good and I asked for the thick noodles instead of the thin.  The noodles were chewy and the soup base was yummy.The service was good.  It does get really busy here, so plan to wait a bit and make sure your whole party is here or they won't seat you.
4	Jinya Ramen Bar has an interesting seating arrangement with individual tables surrounding a large center table that can fit total of 15+. After frequenting Monta and Sora countless times, I decided to give Jinya a try. Upon looking at the menu, I was enamored by the Jinya Pork Bun which was excellent. A friend in the party ordered gyoza and that was surprisingly good. (My expectations for gyoza are usually pretty low)  Next came the Spicy Chicken Ramen with HOT spice level. It was ok, nothing too special. Friend got the Tonkotsu Black which is more garlicky and rich and I think that would have been a bit more to my liking. 3 starsComparing all these ramen places is difficult, but I'd still rank Ramen Sora as my personal favorite. However, the side dishes (Pork Bun and Gyoza) were so delicious that I give it 4 stars.
5	MUST HAVE RAMEN!If you like Ramen, you'll love this place! Broth is delicious, best Ramen we've had so far and we have tried many places in San Diego. You won't be disappointed with any Ramen choice!
5	Wow!!!! Best Ramen I've had since Japan.....amazing spicy miso tonkotsu ramen.....and the gyoza was wonderful. Five stars from me because the service and ambiance made the whole package five stars!!!
4	We ordered Takoyaki (octopus ball) with Bonito flakes. There was one itty bitty tiny octopus inside and mostly batter. Kinda bland.Spicy chicken ramen (chicken broth, chicken chashu, spinach, spicy bean sprouts, tokyo negi, green onion, chili oil served with thin noodles). This is really good and recommended. Tonkotsu assari (pork broth, pork chashu, kikurage, green onion, seasoned egg, spicy bean sprouts, served with thick noodles). Hearty and flavorful. :)Tan Tan Men (No soup ramen: noodles with spicy sauce, ground pork, Tokyo negi, Bol choy, red bell pepper, seasoned egg, fried onion, served with thick noodles). It's just okay. It's more spacious compared to other ramen places. Service is fast and efficient. Will be coming back. :)
3	Tonkatsu black, takoyaki, gyoza, and Jinya bun.Tonkatsu black was creamy and the broth was good but I felt it was lacking something. Not sure what that something is but I added chili to give some spice. I ordered it with thick noodles. The egg was cooked perfectly. Over time the broth did become too salty to my liking. The takoyaki had a very nice preservation and came with a sauce that was creamy and very rich. It was delicious at first but by the end the richness was very overpowering. The octopus was roughly chopped and inside a fried ball shell. Gyoza was alright. Not the best but not the worst I've tried. Not memorable.The jinya bun was my favorite. Moist, sweet and melted in your mouth. I'd come again just for the buns. The staff was very nice and prompt. They all stood good bye as we left.
4	Jinya Ramen Bar has a really interesting set up with a large table in the middle of the room where multiple parties can sit as well as smaller tables lining the dining area. We had a group of 6, so we basically took up a corner of the large table. Not really ideal for seating.For starters, I decided to go for the Jinya Pork Bun, which was amazing, as well as the Pork Gyoza, which was actually really good, probably the best gyoza I've had at a restaurant. For the main course, I had the Tonkatsu Black (Jinya No. 1), which had a very rich pork and garlic broth that felt a little salty at times. The pork and egg in the bowl was delicious and pretty much melted in my mouth.Overall I think I would come back here again to try some other items on the menu.
5	Me and the boy went nuts at this place!!!  So glad it opened so close to the Vegas homestead and so glad it is open until 3am.  This is a very hip place to dine in the wee hours with very patient and helpful service along with some very fantastic food!I swear we ordered one of everything on the menu.  The pork bun was a perfect little size with deliciously fatty pork tucked inside.  The brussel sprouts were hot and satisfying and the ramen was so good that I couldn't get it in my face fast enough. I am pretty sure which any way you order your ramen, it is going to come out awesome.This place is kinda of small but the service is swift so there usually is one table available.
4	Great place not a lot of seating but the food is good. The average price for a bowl of ramen is $9.55 the combo is an extra $5. The service is great would recommend this place and they are open extra late.
5	Fist time eating here and it got me melting. Alicia was my server and she was really welcoming, helpful as far as recommending what's good and overall really nice. I would definitely come back, and highly recommend this place if your looking for something that really hits the spot especially during the nice cold weather.
5	The food was unreal.   Kids friendly and most reasonably priced with excellent portions. Deep fried rice with Spicy Tuna app was ridiculous and had the Spicy chicken Ramen, hot!   Last the almond jelly, what a surprise!
4	This might be my new favorite ramen spot in town.Most people would steer towards Monta to get their ramen fix and I don't blame them. It's a legit spot. But this time around I was near the Chinatown area and wasn't feeling the idea of having to wait so we decided to give Jinya a shot since I've heard about how good they were from a variety of different people.Located inside an old Taco Bell restaurant, they really did a great job remodeling the exterior and interior to create a cozy and dim environment. A little bigger than the Monta in Chinatown but I think ramen spots are suppose to be intimate in size. Anyway, let's talk food.Ordered the Crispy Spicy Tuna since the prices here were half the price than they would be on The Strip. I was curious to see if there was going to be a difference in taste due to the price cut but nope! It's just as good! Also ordered a side of gyozas (ask for them extra crispy) since I usually like to throw them inside my ramen and it balanced out really well. My boyfriend even enjoyed them plain and he's usually not a gyoza or potsticker lover.I decided to try the Tonkatsu Black and my God it did not disappoint. I was pretty surprised by how it wasn't as salty since I'm usually gulping down my water cup after a few slurps of broth. My face usually swells up after a large sodium intake but the fact that it didn't was very impressive in my book.Knocked down a star since there was so many servers on the floor but I still had to flag a waitress down for some basic requests. Mind you that this restaurant is small. Service should be more than just taking your order and disappearing but I'm sure this place will look up since they're still fairly new.I will be back regardless. Especially when there's a drive-thru lane attached!
4	My wife and I visited this ramen noodles bar and had a great time. The service was very quick and nice and the ramen was very good. I ate a pork bun and loved the Asian flavored pork.They get only 4 stars because I didn't like the Mochi  ice cream, and I love Mochi !! The chocolate flavor was not so good...Go enjoy...don't order the Chocolate Mochi.
4	Cozy atmosphere. Great for a date night! The chicken and rice bowl that I had seemed really simple on paper, but the flavors blew me away. The tempura brussel sprouts were also seasoned to perfection!
5	Along with an upbeat rhythmic atmosphere, not to mention the late night availability, this ramen joint is pretty great! Food's amazing and very fast whenever you're getting apps or a quick bite to eat! Oh and the ramen is perfect, not to chewy but also not too soft as well ... just right.
4	The ramen is okay but the appetizers tasted better. I still think Ramen Sora is the best ramen place in Vegas.
4	Jinya is a welcome addition to the local ramen scene.Actually, the scene is getting too hot that some of the otherwise good joints have closed down and considering that, Jinya seems to have attracted a solid customer base.My favorite so far is "Tonkotsu Assari", as mentioned by Philip T it is a basic, no cheat fare. Tonkotsu Black is also good and rich, but it can be too heavy when I'm not super hungry.Jinya is also one of the closest, most accessible ramen spots from the strip when we have a visiting friend.Overall, I'm very happy with their food and service.
4	Their chicken broth ramen is amazing to match their service. If you are going to catch a late flight into Vegas this is the place to go eat (if you can) since they are open until 3am. Their sides are good. I definitely recommend the rice bowls as well.
4	Another Ramen spot added to the Vegas scene. One that heard lot of great things about and happy finally got to check out. I came here with some friends visiting from the 808. I was telling them about new Ramen spot in town. I had my worries cause back home Ramen is almost as common as Spam musubi. So pleasing the local boys would be tough. JINYA never missed a beat 808 style.I remember years ago the building that JINYA in changed few times over the years. My last memories thinking was fast food chain. So walking into the restaurant was totally different world. I like the whole revamp look from the interior the lighting fixtures, the huge community table is different, still have your booths, also have small but tradition Ramen Bar area with bar stools (have your own private show of sorts watching the chefs at work), all the bowls Ramen serve in screams personality, the sake box of sorts that the tempura brussel sprouts served in, and even the outside clearly stands out. The fact that it opens till 3am...JINYA not very big place but then again most Ramen spots here in Vegas not that big. So if you go when busy expect to wait or do like three of us did community table. We started with tow appetizers the JINYA bun and the Tempura Brussel Sprouts. The JINYA bun was ok. I was thinking more along the line of peking duck with oyster sauce in steamed bun. It amounted too was charsu in steamed bun. I needed sauce or something bring personality to the dish. The brussel sprouts that was amazing!! Honestly after having the brussel sprouts give regular traditional shrimp tempura bad name. The brussel sprouts was perfect nice al dente and hot inside. The tempura batter was perfect consistency not over heavy or light. It had the right amount of coating, flavor, and the truffle oil on top took it to another level. Appetizer that must in restaurant this is one highly recommend. Addicting we crushed it between three of us. I went with the Tonkatsu Spicy. It had nice kick. I love the broth had so much depth and mention the kick again. If not enough they have different spicy condiments on the table. I love all the stuff that on top of the Ramen. You get nice size portion of noodles in the bowl. The bowl deceiving cause lip of the bowl not wide but deep bowl. I know had noodles till the end. The menu has great diversity. Few more appetizers that looked (lot of the items have picture on the menu) good! The Ramen again diversity even have vegetarian one. One of the best things about the menu. They offer combinations with choice of appetizer plus ramen. The catch is can only go with the combinations they offer. Still something that can not think of other Ramen spots that offer it. Ramen and gyoza that must for me. I got the best of both worlds. The homemade gyoza was awesome. The combination gyoza you only get four pieces instead of regular order of six. The service was excellent. She was on it the whole time.
3	Love the atmosphere but No Fried Rice on the menu!  Their Spicy Ramen is SPICY! love it.
4	Cold, breezy nights led us to JINYA on the other side of town to get dinner with our lovely family. Although we got there around 7:30pm, there was about a 20 minute wait and quite a few people who came in before, during and after us. The inside is cute-sy with the big family style table in the middle, with booths bordering the building. JINYA has a drive-thru although probably not usable. I liked the idea of being able to order Chicken Karaage in varying amounts without seeming like we were ordering 83294023809438 orders. :)The ramen was flavorful - I got the spicy tonkotsu (pork and chicken broth) with extra corn and a flavored egg. Customer service was top notch! We will definitely be back.
3	Hubby, brother and I hit up Jinya on our latest trip to Vegas.  We got there a few minutes before opening so were seated promptly when they finally opened for business.The menu and taste was reminiscent of Ippudo (of NY and Japan fame).  They had the pork belly bun which was actually pretty tasty.  We also ordered the tempura Brussels sprouts that was highly recommended - those didn't disappoint.And since I'm a sucker for fresh tofu, we ordered the homemade tofu, done tableside.  What a gimmick.  But ya know...? The tofu was actually really great!  If you let it sit, it becomes silky, like the Chinese sweet tofu custard dessert.  They give you a sauce and the usual ginger, green onion and added a touch of yuzu kosho (which I love).  They also instruct you to stir it up which I wasn't a huge fan of doing but in the end, it turned out fine.  You were just eating like a porridge made with tofu.In terms of noodles, brother and I ordered the tonkotsu black.  He added corn.  I got it "as is".  When our orders came, mine had a small dollop of spicy in the middle and corn while his was missing the egg that comes with the tonkotsu black.  We had to show him a picture of our noodles (we're food picture takers) but he still looked at my egg suspiciously, as if we were trying to steal an extra egg.The taste was ok...it didn't blow me away....it just didn't have the richness of Month's broth or the complexity that other places had.  The noodles were nice and hard and the eggs were just on the verge on being overcooked (still miles better than those places that give up and cook it all the way.).  Hubby ordered the tonkotsu assari which, was promised, was lighter.  I think he regretted that choice.  My combo chasu bowl was a little underflavored and dry.  Not enough sauce in the rice to season it.  The combo chicken karaage was good though they serve it to you in giant pieces.Definitely not a bad option if you want to go through the drive through or if you don't want to wait it out at Monta.  But not our first choice for ramen in Vegas.
4	I love this place. It really a different Ramen experience. Has a lot more sophistication than most Ramen bars. Decor is nice staff is attentive. Im still trying all of the different Ramen selections. Stay tuned....
5	This was my first time having ramen and we sure came to the right place.The flavors were great. Thick broth with great flavor. Also don't forget and get the thick noodles,  there's something about those thick noodles that make it taste betterAll and all a great experience. The place is clean and nice set up.  The waiters were super nice Next time I come back to Vegas. I sure will be coming back to this place for a nice ramen
4	Just barely off campus (the strip), but very worth the drive / cab ride. Great prices. Very tasty ramen & curry. This is our 5th or so visit. Was nice to see a line waiting for them to open. Places like this should succeed.
4	For a long time now, my favorite ramen variety has been miso.  I enjoy a hearty broth, and most tonkotsu broths don't deliver.  Jinya makes a mean tonkotsu broth though, and it's been consistent enough that I don't mind skipping my usual ramen spot.  I'm not settling when I come to Jinya, I'm simply going with a different alternative.When ordering a bowl of ramen, you also have an option of turning it into a combo meal.  Not the french fry and Coke variety, but the ramen and gyoza variety.  Or ramen and karaage.  Ramen and chicken chashu?  Ramen and pork chashu.  If you have an appetite for more than just soup, you can add on a salad and side dish of your choice for only $4 or $5 extra.Outside of their delicious tonkotsu broth and combo meals, the other big reason I enjoy coming here isn't even food related; it's the fact that they have a bar!  I dine solo quite often, and every time I come here I've been able to grab a seat at the bar without waiting.  Food is consistent, and service is super friendly.  Two things that make it easy for me to be a fan of Jinya.
4	Open till 3 a.m. in the morning?!?! Hell yeah!!!I love me some ramen! Not because I am asian (well, most likely because of that but who's judging righht?) But because I love how ramen makes everything feel so much better. Cold? Have some ramen! Sick? Have some Ramen! "Ramen for you, Ramen for you! Ramen for everybody!" Now let's get serious! Not too famaliar with ramen? Go ahead and order their, "Spicy Chicken Ramen!" The dish is acca-mazing. Order it level, "spicy!" (For my, "spice-cravers" go ahead and kick it up a notch! It really isn't spicy as they claim.) The dish is already garnished with two slices of meat, some beansprouts, spinach, etc... Not enough garnish for you? Well my friend? You are in luck! Go ahead and choose all the other options you want! "BOK-CHOY? SPINACH!? CORN!? BUTTER?! MORE MEAT?!" ADD IT ALL! Like I said, no judgement here. You even get to choose the type of home made noodles you want in your dish! There side orders are even more amazing. I tried everything and its, "mmm- mmm-gewd!" Especially the crispy rice and ahi tuna (i think that's what it's called).Service: I have to say it's great but not amazing! Sounds bad but it's not that bad. The only comment I have is that some of their servers might need to remove there tunnel vision. I would've gave a five star but i think my friends and I sat there waiting on our waiter to come by with the check but she never showed. Maybe she was busy, and or left but some waiter ended up helping us. The End.
3	The taste is just not there for me.Many of my friends have raved about this place so of course I had to check it out. I love Ramen Sora and Monta, but had yet to find another ramen place in town to rival the 2. I thought this would be the one, but sadly not. I got the Tonkatsu Black ramen and a side of Takoyaki. The Takoyaki was delicious and had a perfect ratio of octopus and batter. The Tonkatsu Black, presentation and ingredients-wise, reminded me of NY's Ippudo's Akamaru Modern bowl (which to this day is the best bowl of ramen I have ever had). The taste however was disappointing. I waited a minute to start eating my bowl because I was waiting for my additional topping of corn, but the broth was lukewarm and watery. I thought the garlic oil would enhance the flavor, but it really didn't make a difference. I was disappointed to say the least. Maybe it was an off day or I ordered the wrong thing? Who knows. But I will give this place another shot in the future.
3	UGHHHHHH why can't Vegas figure out how to make ramen. Nothing stood out about JINYA and the chashu in my bowl was cold. Not that I particularly love the other ramen shops in Vegas, but I do prefer them over JINYA.
3	The cilantro lime chicken wonton ramen was the only thing keeping me coming back. It was absolutely amazing. Since they removed that from the menu, their other ramen options including their various takes on tonkatsu were just underwhelming tasting. I do like like their combo options with the ramen tho.
5	Bigger place than Monta ramen. Spicy ramen delicios. My wife get tonkatsu ramen.takoyaki so yummy too
4	I like this place a lot. The ramen isn't quite as good as Sora's, but they have a better selection of appetizers, drinks (both alcoholic and nonalcoholic), and larger variety of ramen. For vegetarians, they have a vegetarian ramen, and for those who don't want pork, there's chicken ramen. There's never a line, and they are going to add a drive-thru soon. Service is friendly and fast as well.Lastly, they're open until 3am, making them the obvious choice for late night dinners.Personal favorites: Takoyaki, Spicy Tonkatsu, Spicy Chicken Ramen, and Crispy Rice.
2	Not enough soup for the tonkotsu and yes tonkotsu is all about the soup.  What is the point for marketing tonkotsu when stingy on soup.  Not recommended!!
5	The 15 minute wait for a late (2pm) lunch was a little off-putting, but it was WORTH it! We had the vegetable ramen--deep flavor variety of veggies, and delicious thin noodles; the takoyaki-creamy and over-the-top (not my favorite, but other members of my group enjoyed it); the Dynamite roll--of which I didn't partake; and the tempura Brussels sprouts--I already love Brussels sprouts but these were delicious! The best thing, though, was the kid's meal. I mean, I would have ordered it for myself. It was lots of little bites of chashu pork, crispy chicken, salad, an orange, and fries. It also came with a small bowl of ramen and an amazing custard dessert. Here's the kicker, we paid less than $50 (including a Sapporo). That may not impress you, but for the amount of quality food we ate, I consider it a bargain!
4	Jinya is the ramen place to go in Vegas. In my opinion, it is better than Sora, Monta, Tatsu, and Fukamimi. The broth here is what makes it so delicious. The broth is so thick and flavorful that the other speciality ramen restaurants. I've only tried the Tonkotsu Black here but I can't change my order because it is so delicious. I do have a few complaints about this restaurant. The taste may be the best, but the service is far below outstanding. They NEVER refill drinks or check on you. We ordered the "fresh garlic" that is supposed to be free and the server never brought it to us. We reminded them twice too. Another complaint is that the first time I came here, my noodles were stuck together in a ball and they looked sticky and gross. And my boyfriend told me they made them fresh and when I took a bite it was raw dough and and flour and it was disgusting. I lost my appetite after that. That's the same day they served my boyfriend a hot tea with the teabag tag inside the hot water... Very unprofessional and lazy for the staff to overlook that. I haven't had the best experiences here, but the food is pretty good for the most
5	The ramen and crispy shrimp ball are very delicious. Good place! Good food! Definitely we will come back.
5	I finally made it here to find out what all the hype is about. It is well deserving. Intimate dining room, friendly staff who knows their stuff. I am vegan and immediately my server knew how to modify menu items to fit my dietary orientation. The house made tofu is a delight and the soup is so flavorful. Nice beer list and of course the open until 3 am is a major plus! Great spot.
5	best ramen offered in Vegas. Beats Manta Ramen because of their larger selection. They are also more affordable than Manta due to their combo lunches/dinner. I ordered their spicy miso special (Dec 2014- jan 2015) and that should be a main staple on the menu because it's the best tasting ramen if you are into spicy. Their pork belly is always perfectly cooked and never over done.
5	First time here, the waiter was nice and kept coming back to make sure we were doing ok. The food was great! Recommend getting your ramen spicy for an even better flavor.
5	Great place to go if you're craving some great ramen that's off the strip but still close by. Their portions are huge too!!! I would highly recommend going during their happy hour for discounted appetizers! Their menu is a little small but everything we ordered was excellent. They have family-style dining areas of you don't mind sitting next to strangers or you can wait a little longer for your own table. I ordered their spicy chicken ramen... So darn good I'm drooling just thinking about it! I highly recommend their gyoza and their almond tofu desert as well!!I'm absolutely coming here again the next time in in the area!
3	Up until last week, the only ramen I ever had was the kind in a cup. I was in the mood for soup last week and decided to hit up Jinya as its right down the street from work. I went in and there were a lot of people waiting. The dining room is pretty small. I asked how long the wait was but the hostess had no idea. I only get an hour lunch break so I had to leave. I am not sure if they take reservations, I think it is first come first serve, so be advised.  I decided to go back a few days later and luckily there was no wait. I sat at the big family sized table right in the middle of the restaurant. This table seats at least 20 people, so if you don't mind eating in front of strangers then you are good to go.  They do have a few smaller tables that border the large table, but they were all full. Anyways I sat down and was given a menu. I already knew what I wanted, and that was the Tonkotsu Assari. It took a good 25 minutes to come out. When it finally came out I slurped myself into a ramen oblivion. It was very good and filling. Unfortunately this type of meal has loads and loads of sodium, so it is probably best to just have occasionally. It is tempting to go everyday when the weather is cold though! The service was good and the waitress was nice. Packaged ramen you can suck it! There is a new sheriff in town.
4	This chain, with locations in California, Texas, Washington, Vancouver, and now Nevada, not only has good ramen but excellent service. Happy hour specials are the way to go if you're dining on a budget. For $3 you can get a decent cut of pork belly covered in a sauce that balances sweet and tanginess in their Jinya bun.On their regular menu the Jinya No.1 tonkotsu black ($10.55) is a medium-sized bowl filled with a creamy pork broth with just enough heat to clear the sinuses. They'll let you substitute thick noodles for the typical thin ones if you'l like. The single, large slice of pork in the bowl had enough fat to deliver a blast of savory-sweet flavor with each bite.Service was friendly and informative. I also admire them for denying alcohol to a belligerent customer too drunk to make a coherent sentence. As long as it isn't me, I'm completely ok with that.
4	Had lunch here today. Sat at the bar as j was solo. Order wonton ramen with extra noodles. Reggae music playing with loud bass and a great vibe inside. Waiter was quick to order and it took forever to get my ramen 30 minutes. Place was half empty. There was a person from the health department doing a routine inspection and the kitchen is the size of a sue urban closet so one extra noisy body in there was one too many. Slowed things down. Inspector made them throw away some eggs in the fridge that were not at the right temperature ( like 75 of them in a sauce/ marinade) but all else seemed cool Ramen was good, a little bland and the extra noodles were too much. Plenty of noodles come with it. All in all a fun place with decent ramen. I'm not a ramen snob, it all tastes good to me so it's worth a trip unless you are a ramen snob. Then you should go write a post about being a ramen snob.
5	Delicious ramen.  So far...one of my favorites in Las Vegas.  Great food, great service.  Yumm!
