5	It's best not to eat for days before you step into this establishment.  The food is great and the portions are huge! I have never been able to finish a meal here.  The daily specials are always Meatloaf & Mashed Potatoes Monday, Fettucini Alfredo Tuesday, Spaghetti Wednesday, Chicken & Dumplin' Thursday, Spaghetti Friday...I must say that Mondays are my favorite, but the rest of the week is fine by me, too.  The mac & cheese is super yummy and I ALWAYS order this as a side.  Gosh, I miss you since I moved from Charlotte!!! :-(
5	Lupie's is fantastic.  The food is cheap, huge, and delicious.  They offer a daily special everyday that comes with 2 sides and sweet tea (usually about 5 or 6 dollars) and they also have a variety of sandwiches.  The best bet in my opinion is the veggie plate, which comes with cornbread and tea (only $4.85 for 4 veggies).  Don't miss the mac and cheese or the sweet tea, and for those of you that like blue cheese dressing- this is some of the best in town.  This place is decent sized and has a quick turn-over, but if you go during the lunch or dinner rush you might have to wait a little bit.
4	It was okay here,  definitely not bad.  I had the quiche and it was very good.  I didn't find the portions to be as large as the others say.  The atmosphere is cool.
3	The Lupies in Huntersville is a 5-star burger joint. The one on central is a 3. Their burgers weren't as good as I've had in Huntersville and the building is a bit run down.  I know a lot of people that love this place, but I guess i'm just not a fan of seeing dust and spiderwebs everywhere.
5	Let me start by saying: Lupie's makes the best chili on Earth. They also have fantastic veggie plate, as well as burgers and meatloaf.You can generally get out for under $12.I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.
5	I like Lupie's - it is not high on the "healthy quotient", but if you must deviate - there's no better place to do so. The bottomless nachos (took me 3 days to eat those) are great, good burgers. Let's just say if your watching any of those tricky health issues - cholesterol, weight, blood pressure - stay away. However, when you know you want to eat good, relatively inexpensive and alot - go to Lupie's!
4	They also have a great BLT. I am picky about bacon. It must be extra crispy. Most places don't make it crispy enough. Lupie's does. I would go here all the time but there is a smoking section and smoke doesn't know how to keep out of my lungs once we're in the same building. So- as much as I enjoyed the food, atmosphere, music and servers... I won't be back anytime soon :(PS They have a pretty good kids' menu. I would bring kids here except for the smoke. I still don't understand why we have laws that say you must be 18 to smoke, and we know second hand smoke is worse than first hand- but we'll let little kids breathe second hand smoke in restaurants all over town. Hmmmm...
5	Great chicken and dumplings on thursdays, delicious sweet tea all the time and some of the best comfort food in Charlotte. A fun atmosphere with great food all around.
4	I'm not a big fan of Charlotte. For me it is a lonely, soulless city of finance, and as an effete intellectual from the 919 end of the state, I must be completely opposed. But damn this is a good casual place. I was interning there a few summers ago and some Charlotte friends happened to be in town for a few days and they led me here. I had the Cincinnati chili all the way and it was tasty and kept me full the rest of the night. I was able to enjoy "Wedding Crashers" without worrying about an empty stomach.Best of all, it was like $5. And there was a ton leftover. That made me wish I wasn't going to the movies afterward, as it would have made an excellent leftover meal the next day.
5	I agree with other reviewers -- you have to train for a meal at Lupie's like you would if you were entering the Nathan's hot dogs competition. You're gonna get a lot of crazy good food for just a tiny bit of money. Don't bring neat-freak friends here. The food, like the place, is gloriously sloppy. Mercifully, there's an endless supply of napkins on the table.
2	You can certainly get a ton of food at Lupie's.  The chili mac plate, for instance, is similar to a Cincinnati chili serving in style (chili over spaghetti), and it even smells like you're walking into a Skyline chili place - anyone who's been there knows that smell.  It's actually even larger, as I can finish a Skyline five-way, but not a Lupie's chili mac plate.But the cheese is off, with Lupie's having a thick, grated cheese, and Skyline having that fine shredded cheese piled high.  It's just not the same.  The taste isn't the same either, even if the style is similar.  And frankly, it's not as good.  Sorry to those of you who liked it, but it wasn't that great.The service was speedy - at least being seated.  Arriving at a pre-dinner hour (around 5pm), the dining room was half-full and well-stocked with servers wandering around.  We were promptly seated, and our drink and dinner order taken.  Drinks were also quickly refilled.  Once.  Then were were totally forgotten about for half an hour or more while... nothing happened (other than idle chit-chat behind the register).Perhaps there was some big event going on, or there was prep-work being done for a dinner rush or something, but there weren't any more people sitting down at the time.  The service was "half good", but that's also half bad.  It might have been an off night, but for all the raves, it wasn't terribly impressive.  Would have expected more out of Lupie's from the other reviews.
5	A Charlotte icon!  In 15 years, I have never had a bad meal there.  The Texas Chili is GREAT!  Go there at lunch for a great meal, surrounded by local hospital and button-downed types.  The go back for dinner to enjoy dining with the "eclectic" side of Charlotte.
4	Lupie's has a fantastic veggie burger, which pleases me. It's not as good as the one at the Penguin, but it's nice to find options for diner-style food that can serve vegetarians. I love the tea in the big mason jars.The service is casual but friendly. I often had conversations with the servers about my tattoos and got the invitation to take a look at theirs, which always makes for good dinner conversation.When I first lived in Charlotte, I lived off of 7th Street, so I spent a lot of time at Lupie's. Now that I've moved across town, I don't make it over there as much. I kind of miss it...the great-big plates of unpretentious food...I might have to go there tonight!
3	I always hear rave reviews about the chili at Lupie's, but I just wasn't all that impressed. (By comparison, I went to the annual Plaza Midwood/Chantilly Chili Cookoff and found WAY BETTER chili of all varieties.) Still, Lupie's is one of those landmark restaurants in Charlotte - and one of few that's still standing - so I want to support it. I'd recommend checking it out. It's a little off the beaten path and it's a fun down-home kind of place.
4	I go to Lupie's at least once every other week. Always a tossup between the burger, the chili, or the meatloaf, which is only served on Mondays Great mix of people and friendly service. Very casual. Oh, get the side of macaroni and cheese.
3	Since I'm a NC native, I'm going to take a few liberties. Strike that. Since I'm a UNC grad, I'll take lots of liberties. For my fellow Tarheels, you'll know exactly what I mean.Lupies is the He's Not Here of food in Charlotte. End of review.Just kidding. I wouldn't respect myself in the morning if I let the metaphor slide by those of you not familiar with Chapel Hill.He's Not Here is (or was- is it still there?) a watering hole familiar and dearly loved by undergraduates. The beer was cheap, the music was loud, and the crowd often raucous beyond belief. You'd go to He's Not Here to howl at the moon- or whatever. He's Not Here was not the most consistent place, sometimes your beer would be so hot-off-the-tap it would be... hot. The burgers and fries were good or not good- depending on the day, size of crowd or size of hangover the cook or you were nursing. You'd go to He's Not Here for what it DID have- attitude, history, and a sense of place.That's Lupie's in a nutshell. I've been to Lupie's and had a delicious burger. I've been to Lupie's and had a mediocre burger. The service, while not always stellar, has usually tended to the casual, if not pleasant. And yes, most times Lupie herself is somewhere near the register.People like Lupie's because they know Lupie's. Not only that, they know Lupie, the owner who started this establishment over 20 years ago, when its location not only put it on the edge of the 'hood, it was IN the 'hood. Heck, by any standard, 20 years in the restaurant business is like being there at the signing of the Declaration of Independence.So it is with Lupies. Don't go expecting much, and if you leave pleasantly surprised, which you probably will, you'll come back.Note: I once heard Lupie's squash casserole mentioned on Jane and Michael Stern's Road Food segment on NPR. It's sort of like having the Jack Kerouac stamp of approval.
4	I like this place, the atmosphere is cozy.  However there is something that I have ordered there that were so so. However the nachos are so ridiculously good that it will leave you drooling and full!  The small order can feed two.  PBR is only $1 here.
5	HUGE burgers with spicy chili, nachos, and dollar beers.  Need I say more?
4	Every time I leave this place, I'm smiling giddily and grabbing my gut as I stumble back to the car. It's a happy feeling, but very intense, so we only hit Lupie's once or twice a month. I've had everything veg-friendly on the menu (and whoops, a few things that weren't, which I'm sure I would have been told about, had I thought to ask) and it's all good, in that holy-crap-this-is-insane kinda way. If you're veg and ordering nachos, remember to get them with their veggie chili instead of beans-- yes, there's lard in them beans. Chili "salad" is hilarious and awesome, I've only had the restraint to order quiche here once, and found it simple but tasty. The same can be said for the mac n' cheese-- you can go elsewhere and find a more complex version, but I think the slight velveeta-ishness of Lupie's makes perfect sense and when I'm in the mood for it, it hits the spot every time.
4	So had I left without dessert, I would have left 2 stars. For some reason I thought I needed banana pudding, so I ordered up some and my friend ordered the peach kuchen. OMG!!! Forget about the banana pudding, that freaking kuchen was the best dessert I have ever had! I would probably stab someone in the face for some more.. srsly, it's that good! The banana pudding was way too sweet for me, thankfully my friend was willing to share her kuchen! I think I will go back just for dessert! Everything else was just so-so for us. We both had the Monday meatloaf, but nothing to write home about. Now that kuchen... that's something!!
4	This is a local favorite that I had neglected to experience until recently.  I went on a weeknight with a large group of friends and left satisfied.  I ordered the nachos with hot chili (they offer 3 kinds of chili).  As a fan of spicy food, I wasn't disappointed.  The portion was monstrous!  There were about 9 of us altogether and though we did our best, we just couldn't conquer the nacho mountain!  The service was great, the music was great... all in all a fun trip.  I'll definitely go back!  My only complaint is with the small, pothole-stricken gravel parking lot.  I guess it kind of goes with the "hole-in-the-wall" theme.
4	I went to Lupie's for the first time...finally.  I had heard good things about them from various people, especially about their chili.  Yes, you do have to park in a stoned parking lot.  Yes, it looks a little sketchy on the outside.  Yes, it's not in the best neighborhood.  Fortunately, it was still very light out when we went so I felt very safe and enjoyed the rustic ambiance of the restaurant.  I'm not sure how it gets once the sun goes down.  At 95 degrees outside, I wasn't really in the mood for hot chili, but I decided to give it a try since it was their specialty.  I ordered the chili mac (chili on top of spaghetti...all covered with cheese...c'mon, sing along with me!).  They have three types of chili (which I'm glad they explained on the menu).  Texas - no tomatoes, hot.  Cincinnati - regular tomatoey chili.  Vegetarian - guess.  I went with Texas.  It was VERY thick, full of meat, and yes, spicy.  YUM.  The portions are fantastically big; I walked out of there stuffed.  The prices are very reasonable, too, especially for the taste, quality, and portion size.  The table next to us ordered the covered/smothered nachos as an appetizer.  Wow.  It was a HUGE platter full.  I may have to try that next time as my main meal.  My mouth is watering already thinking about it.
4	This local place has character and good home-style cooking. Service can be hit or miss - I've had really outstanding servers at times and other times, not so great. However, the food is good, portions are generous, and prices are cheap, so I can overlook the occasional lapse in service. I am not a fan of their veggie burger or their vegetarian chili, but they normally have fresh & delish veggie plates - with super mac-n-cheese. I like their cornbread too. On Thursdays you can get home-style chicken & dumplings - which for a native southerner like me is true comfort food. Oh, and don't forget to save room for the banana pudding!
4	Had a great lunch here.  Very kind and attentive service.  I had the pulled pork BBQ sandwich and it was terrific.  My friends had burgers and enjoyed them as well.  I didn't get to imbibe, but I saw that they had Shiner Bock on their beer list, which made me VERY happy.  I love places like this and, when you're on the road, the fact that the place is original, independent, and uses quality products-- it's enough to make me wanna cry.
4	Finally got to eat at this apparent Charlotte institution my husband has not been able to keep quiet about and I'm glad I did. From what I saw everything on the menu was very reasonably priced, but you also get your money's worth with gargantuan portion sizes. I was quite full after eating half of my BBQ platter... which was very tasty, by the way.The service was so-so. Our server seemed kind of rushed, but he wasn't bad. The Mac and Cheese here was pretty awesome. So many people try to do Mac and Cheese, and despite it being such a simple dish I've never had this side done as well as they did it as this restaurant.
4	The mashed potatoes here are delicious. They only serve them on Mondays so if you're dying to try them, you'll have to go then. After debating between a few different items, I went with the special of meatloaf with a side of mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. You get a lot on your plate for very little money.  Lupie can be seen hard at work in the kitchen. Service was okay. They are not shy about filling your glass up. I asked for a "little" more on my refill and they filled it up completely. The wait to get in tends to get long quickly so I recommend going at a non-peak hour if you can. They definitely earned a "People love us on Yelp" sticker which is proudly displayed in the window here.
5	Famous for their chili...I find the Cincinnati too nutmegy & the Texas too spicy. Get the daily special, chicken & dumplings or the burger. Great place great people.
4	Cool and Quirky:  It really doesn't get any realer than this. I feel "at home" when I go to Lupie's! Lupie's has a set of things they are good at, and they stick to it. You have to be in the mood for what they are serving, and it is always good to sync up with the menu. The menu has a different rotating set of things on it per day of week. There is always chili (three or four types) and chili mac on it tho.The vibe in there is always good, and the different types of chili really have been hitting the spot this winter.
4	You should know by now that anyplace looking like a hole-in-the-wall has killer food.  The sweet tea, served in Mason jars, is like my grandma used to make.  The chicken dumplings are the favorite special of nearly every human who has walked out of the place. The burgers are fabulous, as is the spaghetti special.  Their mac 'n' cheese is among the best in the free world.  Probably the only thing I would change at Lupie's is the banana pudding -- banana pudding is served COLD, people.  Not warm.  And they will not seat you until ALL persons in your party are present. Lupie's is a MUST VISIT eatery on your next trip to Charlotte.
5	I mean, wow. Yes, wow. The chili burger was the best burger I've ever had. Yes, ever.Spicy chili, mustard, mayo, lettuce, tomato, ketchup and a charred burger (they don't even ask how you want it cooked). So many flavors, so much taste. (A burger isn't supposed to be a steak, just so you know).Also, try the wings and the $1 beers they have every night.Run here.
3	Yelp did me good, yet again. Back in Charlotte for work, I had to see what the locals liked for dinner so navigated myself to Charlotte's "Hot on Yelp" page and found some great reviews for Lupie's Cafe. Plugged in the address in my navigation system and off I went.This place definitely has character. Hand written signs scattered about, hodge podge of nick nacks stuck here and there, techno-hiphop'ish music playing, friendly, laid-back staff. I felt comfortable the moment I walked in. And talk about fast! I placed my order and literally 1 minute later the food was at my table. Granted, I ordered the daily special which was already prepared and waiting: meatloaf, mashed potatoes, slaw. Easy to serve up which is good since I was starving.The meatloaf was decent. Taters were okay too, topped with white gravy, and one big-ass piece of cornbread. All this chased by a huge bowl of banana pudding which I couldn't finish off. I did it again and managed to eat until my stomach protruded like I swallowed a basketball. Thanks Lupie's!PS: Interesting note on the menu. "Please no business lunches. $1.25 surcharge." Beware, all you business peeps!
5	HUGE nachos, great comfort food, and chill atmosphere.  Chicken and Dumplins!  There is another location in Huntersville, but isn't always quite as good.
4	Yep, great place to eat and chill! It reminded me of an old and tired bar in West Texas...made me feel right at home in many ways. It was dark, with a pinball machine in the corner, and just-right music was playing...good vibes all around.The service was very friendly! As we walked in, one of the servers instantly said, "Come on in and sit where you'd like." How great is that?!We ordered the veggie chili, mac 'n cheese, and veggie soup. Just right for a chilly day and we left full. The special on Wednesday nights is spaghetti. I didn't have room for dessert, but the next time I'll try something. When you get your check you have to go up to the register...we didn't catch on too fast and sat there.I will be back....many times.
3	Ahh Lupie's....this place can cure a hangover with their super sweet tea, and ridiculous portion of Nachos. The Chili Nachos are very tasty, I was not impressed by the burger though it was pretty bland and I've had better. The veggies all seem to be from a can but I did enjoy my homemade chicken and dumplings, they were some of the best I've had in town. The atmosphere is awesome, dark and relaxing. The service is always outstanding. Though it's not my first choice when I'm hungry, you would definitely need to try it out for yourself.
3	Lupie's is a Charlotte institution. It is the sort of place that you take out of town guests- but you never actually go there yourself. The food is not that great, but the atmosphere is perfectly laid back.I have to share the nachos. Gigantic portions.
4	This review written by my 11yr old niece Emily - my comments at the end. "Hello people this is my uncle's account thingy for yelp but he let me write a review for him so here is my review for the famed Lupie's! Well portions are great and so is the service and the food. Is  very reasonably priced. The only thing that I didn't really like was my desert kuchen it's way to sweet (but I almost ate the whole thing by myself). In all I had a great experience and I would recommend this restaurant. The end"My accountPros- Great hole in the wall place to try North Carolina comfort food. Daily specials. - Tried: Burger, Gumbo, BBQ wings, chicken with dumplings, throw down nachos, quiche, cobbler dessert (Kuchen?).- Desert was very tasty & sweet - my niece almost finished the whole thing by herself!- Great service - the servers were great. They even let us sample the 4 types of chili to help our final decision.- Rear parking- plenty of seating inside - nicely appointed w/comfortable setting.Cons- Looks like it gets crowded here on weekdays. We stopped by on Sat (opens @ noon) - by the time we were leaving the back lot was full.Return Visit- Yes - next time I'm in town.
3	What I like best about Lupie's is the ambiance.  It reminds me of the inside of one of my all-time favorite restaurants (Del Rio in Ann Arbor).And the food is very, very, plentiful.  But unfortunately, I had to knock a couple stars off for quality.  I got the throw down nachos with veggie chili, and my lady got a veg burger with chili and slaw with a side of potato chips.The nachos were really just okay.  They were of the plain white corn variety and were buried under a lake of orangey cheese.  That wouldn't be a problem if the cheese were better.  I did like the copious mess of jalapenos all over the plate, but did not like that there was hardly any chili.  I did not get salsa and sour cream on my nachos because each of those options cost $1.15, which I thought was too much, especially considering the $7.75 cost of the nachos in the first place.  They sure would have been better with the salsa and sour cream, though.My wife's veggie burger was messy, not in a bad way, but the patty was cooked in a manner that dried it out on the edges, so the texture was off.  I know, I know, some of you are saying that's what you get for ordering a veggie burger.  But some places manage to cook them right.I got a bottle of Bud, which was reasonably priced, but I was disappointed that Lupie's didn't have anything on draft, and more disappointed that their bottle (and can) list was not impressive at all.  No local beers, no really hoppy beers, nothing special at all.I might go back, maybe one day, but I'm in no hurry.
5	Hell... whats one more review?When I moved here from Richmond years ago, I had a hard time finding something that felt like home... that southern, tattooed, dirty feelin that only Richmond can give you. Well I managed to find those few blocks of saving grace everyone calls NoDa and then I found Central ave @ Thomas street. Then lo and behold I found Lupies.Hells yes.Easy eats in a kinda odd section of town. Cheap greasy food mixed with a dash of southern flavor. Love the limited menu.... get the nachos!I swear I had the best damn green beans I've had in a long time today.All you bastards expecting more quality food when you go to a 'diner' like lupies can shut it. Its food! Eat it or why did you wait to get a table?You get what you pay for and don't lie.... have you ever had a bad experience at lupies? I think not. Those mofos can cook. Eat!
5	I love this place and make a point to stop in whenever I'm in Charlotte.The food is amazing.The atmosphere is amazing.The music is amazing.Gee-Whizz beer is amazing.The Chili is amazing.You get the point.This place may not look like much from the outside (or it looks awesome depending on your definition) but inside is a chili joint that you'll fall in love with.  Lupie's focuses it's food around 3-4 unique types of chili (EVEN VEGETARIAN) that you can add to anything else on the menu (or have by itself).  I recommend the Chili Slaw Burger, loaded, with jalapenos and the Texan Chili.  WOW!!!! Get chips to scoop up what falls off!!!!
4	The meatloaf is amazing and full of flavor.. Sweet tea stays full and these people stay on top of it..Comin back here again soon..
4	Yum!We tried Lupie's for the first time the other night and were SO not disappointed.  The nachos were Reason #1 to come back - they were so loaded with cheese, jalepenos, and veggie chili that I barely made a dent in one side (my husband barely made a dent in the other), and I had to take home the rest in a box.  The mac and cheese was Reason #2 - my husband got it as a side to his veggie burger, and I think he would have ordered an entire pan if they'd let him.  It had that grotesquely delicious cheesiness I remember from church covered dish mac and cheese growing up.  Fantastic.  Finally, and most satisfying, the banana pudding was Reason #3 to come back.  It.  Was.  Awesome.The atmosphere reeks of old Charlotte charm, and I loved the clientele - generally older, quiter, more genial than at, say, The Penguin.I had a teeny wish the menu was a bit more varied, my husband's veggie burger was standard freezer fare (not house-made), and I'd love a craftier beer selection, but overall I imagine we'll be visiting Lupie's pretty often.
4	Food was awesome and really unique. I had a Slaw/Chili Hamburger and it is was it sounds like a Cheeseburger with Cole Slaw and Chili on it. A little messy but really really good. Everybody talks about the Mac-n-Cheese from Lupie's and the only problem with this dish is that they don't serve it in a bathtub size container! This think was cheesier than any pizza I had.For those of you not from the South, be warned that when you order tea it comes out as sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeet tea Took back to my hotel room the Banana pudding and loved the amount of Nilla Wafers in it! The Bomb!!!My only disappointment was the staff. My waiter was totally obnoxious to me and my hope was that he was just having a bad night. I shall return!
5	Lupie's has become a family favorite...and my family doesn't even live in Charlotte!This staff are great...very nice and quick.  The food is good and cheap!  Great burgers and I LOVE the nachos!  I mean, they are nothing special, but I can't get enough of them!  A large order of Throwdown Nachos (with chili) is big enough for 3-4 people...and is like $8!  Great sweet tea, gotta love the Gee Wiz Beer ($1 Busch Light), and relaxed atmosphere.
4	I had to look back at my profile because I could've sworn that I had reviewed this venerable Charlotte Institution.  This is THE gold standard for comfort food in all of Charlotte and it's been just that for many years now.  That's the beauty of Lupie's- it does not try to be anything else to anyone at any time.  You've gotta love a sure thing, and Lupie's comes as close as you can get to that in Charlotte.Now this place does not get points for decor.  Inside literally looks like two old shacks put together, in various states of a patched-up repair.  It's dimly lit in the upper portion, a few windows light the lower portion.  The saving grace here might be the large portraits that line the walls- all former workers at Lupies, all showing some personality and depicting real life, not some glamor shot.  Art meets life and the outcome is refreshing.But if you came looking for a beauty contest, you should drive on by.  The real draw is the food.  Two different kinds of chili star here daily (3 if you count the veggie)- but the winner every time for me is the Texas chili- finely ground beef in a crazy good mix of spices.  Hot but not searing.  You can add beans, cheese and onions which just get lopped on top.  I strongly encourage adding all 3.  Served with a slab of cake-style cornbread- that one bowl will fill me up and then some.They also do burgers and chili mac if you want to try something different.  The burger easily takes two full hands to manage.  But you should also check the daily special- I had a former co-worker who swore by the meatloaf.  My wife will only go on days when they serve chicken and dumplings.  All come with a choice of veggie sides which change with the seasons.  You can also craft a veggie only plate.  I encourage you to do so, as these too are awesome.  Homemade mac n cheese with a crispy cheese top- sunny heaven in a little bowl.  Spring veggies (when available) are also a reminder that summer goodness is just around the corner.  Beverages are served in mason jars- a nice Southern touch- and the sweet tea is sweet enough to give you a cavity just by looking at it.  But for an even bigger sugar rush- check out the desserts wrapped up by the register- homemade cookies, brownies and more in a variety of flavors.  One is enough to share and you'll be glad you indulged. Just be sure you don't attempt to be seated without the rest of your party in tow- strict policy here that there is no saving of a table. At least the handcrafted sign at the front makes that plainly clear.  A welcome policy during the (busy) lunch rush.
5	Great service, great food, great atmosphere. I enjoyed every minute and every bite.
3	I would give Lupie's Cafe a solid three stars; 2 stars for unimpressive food and 4 stars for good service.  I'm pleased with my experience, but don't plan to return immediately.For starters, the waitresses were sweet as pie (time to pull out the Southernisms) at this down-home, no-frills restaurant.  Our server was authentically friendly, making jokes about how the menu was conceived during the height of the Atkins diet craze-sandwiches without the buns and other no-carb nonsense.  During our meal, Another server made certain that we had drink refills as needed and offered dessert in case the server who took our order didn't. The food was brought out promptly and covered the plate.  My first response was "Holy Mackerel" but soon turned to "Meh".  I ordered the barbecue plate with mac-n-cheese and green beans.  The portions were generous and I think the mac-n-cheese was the highlight of the meal.  The recipe was a knock-off of your granny's heartwarming (and artery-clogging) classic with a baked crust.  Mmmm. The barbeque was good but could have used more seasoning.  By BBQ, I mean Carolina-style minced pork minus the regional flavoring (mustard, vinegar, tomato).  The green beans were tasteless; actually they tasted like canned beans and the cornbread wasn't really worth my time.  I'm not entirely disappointed with Lupie's, but there was a lot to be desired.  The decor is funky and charmingly, the staff friendly, and food is approaching down-home goodness and flowing off the plate. I guess I need to give the touted chili or meatloaf a try.
4	My biggest gripe: NO FRENCH FRIES!But that's ok, I just try to to go on Mashed Potato Monday (with white gravy....heaven!).  The burgers are great as are some of their platters, like the meatloaf!), and the mac and cheese is ah-mayyy-zing. For dessert I look no further than the huge rice krispy treats.  Lupie's is great because it's really reasonably priced, it oozes southern charm, and it's a Charlotte landmark. What more could one need?
4	I always love Lupies... you can't beat the experience anywhere!The nachos are HUGE, two people can't even finish those off...The burgers are delish. Pop some tums and order the chili burger!Oh, and how can you NOT order mac and cheese? It's a sin not to! The best mac and cheese in town!
5	I took a wrong turn in Charlotte yesterday. Who hasn't? I ended up by Lupie's. I knew it existed but didn't take the time to stop in. The exterior can deceitful, especially if your used to the ubiquitous patina of most Charlotte restaurants. The food: amazing. Ask for the specials. There's always some seasonal goodness of the day. The beef in the chili is flavorful, and no fatty grit. I also spotted a member of Charlotte city council dining there, so you know it's a good spot.
4	I first started going to Lupie's in 1997 when I was in college.  I'd totally give this place a 5 stars, but not everyone will necessarily be a fan of the place and its still, so 4 is sufficient.  I absolutely love getting the veggie plate.  SO many options and in the summer even more!  I also have to get the Throw Down Nachos with vegetarian chili every once in a while.  Not for those on a diet, but every so many months the splurge is worth the wait!  Must order them in because they don't heat them as a to-go order; don't want the chips to go soggy.  They are very, very simple, but TERRIFIC!  My favorite special day is Thursday because the chicken-n-dumplings are about the best you can get outside of grandma's house (but MUCH better than anyone in my family and I'm from rural NC!).  I wouldn't go with a group over 6 because the seating will be iffy, but go!  My husband almost always gets the barbeque sandwich on a kaiser roll with mac-n-cheese.  He thinks its the bomb!  They have 4 different types of chili now-so try one.
5	I love going to Lupie's Cafe.  I feel that if you are a true Charlottean, you would know of it.  Their sweet tea is the ONLY drink that I ever order.  It's always fun to get my tea in the little jars.  I like how it is such a chill atmosphere with always good music in the background.  They have a rule that they will not seat a party until their whole party is there.  I like that so other people will not have to wait so long to get a table if a person from a party is running late.Every time I take one of my friends there for a first time, they end up just loving the place and going back more and more.  BEST PLACE EVER!!!
4	This place is always good, friendly, and on point. Those things seem hard for other restaurants to do, so I love Lupies.
4	Lupie's has been a Charlotte staple for over 20 years! I love this place! Monday's special - meat loaf w/ mashed potatoes and green beans. Come on now, that's how you start off your week. They have a different special every day. I need to get over there on a Thursday night for the chicken & dumplings. Fantastic burgers too! I really like the chili burger. My wife's one requirement for a really good burger, "it needs to be running down your arm good". Lupie's has it. This place is a one of kind with character. The sweet tea is outstanding and served up in small jars. Nice touch. Oh, word to the wise, If you're OCD and need everything straight, I recommend sitting with your back the wall of photos. Every one of them is crooked. ha!
4	I love Lupie's for their chili.  Although I've tried many of their items, I keep going back for Texas Chili mac with pinto's.  The sweet tea is a bit too sweet for my liking, so I go with a 1/2 & 1/2.  A great place for lunch and a Charlotte landmark
2	I've heard some good things about this place, but not sure what all the hype is about. I went here for lunch today & got the special - spaghetti with corn & green beans on the side. The spaghetti was mediocre at best, very bland & unexciting with watery meat sauce (I think I could make it better and I've never made it) The sides were canned (not always an issue) but they were flavorless. Whoever posted about this place having fresh food is lying. I guess the atmosphere is attractive to some but I'm not a fan of restaurants that don't dust or clean. Sanitation rating 90.5 - not impressive. The place was packed, I guess this is the cool spot where all the "hip" people come. I just want good, quality food & to even begin to call this "Southern" food is a disgrace to my culture. My friend got the Southern chili & said it was the consistency of a Hormel chili, not great, not horrible. The cornbread he got was hard as a rock and was left uneaten after the first bite on the plate. The service was friendly & quick, that's about the only positive I experienced. I won't be rushing back to Lupies but since it is down the street from me I may try it again & see if it can get more than a 2 star rating. Keep in mind, I'm not a food snob but I know good food when I eat it & this was far from good...
4	This is a gem of a place for folks that live in the Elizabeth/Plaza-Midwood area and theres a good chance you've driven right past it on Monroe Rd dozens of times and have completely missed it!I've sampled a few menu items but to me this place is all about CHILI! They have a few other options (Cincinatti-more tomato based, Vegetarian) but I recommend getting the spicy Texas chili, and mixing it in with a side of their macaroni and cheese. Yum!My only complaint? The cornbread! It is just terrible, and I couldn't find a review on here that said otherwise. Bad flavor and normally hard as a rock. I'm all for tradition, but their recipe needs to be changed!
5	For more than 20 years I've been going to Lupie's and it's always been the same awesome, uniquely Charlottean joint with rocking food. They've made a few changes over the years but have remained true to their roots.This is a casual, southern-boho place with friendly servers and a stated policy prohibiting business meetings. I love the photos of Queen City landmarks, some of which are long gone (including Independence Boulevard institutions Thompson's Bootery & Bloomery and the old Krispy Kreme). The stereo is usually playing something fantastic, mostly reggae, '80s alternative music, classic rock, and current indie rock. Basically, it's a laid-back, inexpensive place to unwind with good food.I've never been to a better place for chili. For years their classic chili lineup was Texas, Cincinnati, and vegetarian. A couple of years ago they added Southern style, which is a good option for carnivores who don't want the Texas heat or Cincinnati sweetness. You can ask for a mix of chili varieties. A bowl of chili is filling; if you get chili mac you'll probably have leftovers.The burgers are huge and delicious. Go ahead and ask for extra napkins when you order one.Vegetarians have some good options: great vegetarian chili, a vegetarian burger, a vegetable plate, a garden salad. Often the quiche of the day is meat-free. If you crave nachos, try the Throw-Down Nachos with vegetarian chili. I honestly don't know if the vegetable soup is vegetarian.This is possibly the sweetest sweet tea in town. It's served in a mason jar-style glass, which is fun and reminds me of glasses we had at home when I was a kid. Speaking of sweet things, the kuchen and the banana pudding are two of my favorite desserts in town!There are daily specials, but I honestly don't usually order that unless I'm there on a Monday (meat loaf with mashed potatoes) or a Thursday (chicken and dumplings). The barbecue plate is great and so are the various sandwiches, but it's really all about the chili for me.
5	Lupi knows her food!  The veggies are always fantastic, the half and half chili is the perfect mix of spicy and sweet, and you can't beat the prices!
2	I have wanted to try Lupie's for years and finally got the chance last week.  Yea I'm good now.  The wings with BBQ sauce were big and soft and seriously drenched in sauce, not the way I like my wings.  Chicken and dumplings were good but I just wasn't really feeling it.  Side of canned green beans, really canned??  And mac and cheese was okay.  Corn bread was not good, really dry and my sisters piece had hair in it.    They were out of 2 different chilis when we were there and so my sisters BF didn't eat because it was what he wanted, and we saw people walk out when told.  Prices were good and staff was friendly, but subpar food won't get me back anytime soon.
4	Great food, not-so-friendly staff.Bring an appetite, because the entrees fill the plates. Sandwiches are good but nothing remarkable. Nachos are awesome, but prepare to share. Great choices of chili, one of them you'll feel burning the next day in the ol' nether regions.Mondays are my favorite: a plank of meatloaf, mashed potatoes with gravy, and great choices of veggies. I wish I could get more flavor out of the cornbread. It needs to be sweet.I also wish the staff were more friendly. Everyone seems to have a chip on their shoulders for some odd reason, like they're forced against their will to wait on customers. They're not very welcoming at all.Your pal,Walter
4	Quaint hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  I've only ever been for lunch, but the food is excellent and the service is lightning fast.  Thursday is Chicken and Dumpling day - out of this world!!
4	The Texas Chili was absolutely delicious. It's not the prettiest place in the world, but I'd definitely go back for the awesome food!
5	Lupie's is THE must-eat at joint in Charlotte....period!  The mac 'n cheese is just fantabulous; you will not leave hungry!  Be sure to be nice to Lupie (she runs the place); what a first-class lady.
5	We took our first trip up to Lupie's this past weekend before a concert at Bojangles Coliseum. We had heard about it and wanted to try it for ourselves. It was a great call! I had the chicken and dumplins and they were fantastic. Truly some of the best I've ever had and I only wish I could have finished the whole bowl. We also got an enormous plate of nachos which were served loaded with cheese, beans, and jalapenos along with bowls of sour cream and salsa.  There were plenty of bottled beer options from which to select. The waitress was friendly and attentive. It was a great experience and we will definitely be back.
5	Goodness gracious, do I love Lupie's. This place is a Charlotte staple for sure. Talk about a great dive with tons of history. Nice and simple menu with a couple choices of burgers and a few different kinds of chili. Let me say, the chili is what will keep you coming back. The choices are variations of Cincinnati, Southern and Texas style Chili. All have their strong points and are even good when mixed together. The only one I can't truly appreciate is the Cincinnati style. Sweetness in my chili is just a bit weird as a dyed in the wool southerner. Sweet tea. You've gotta get Lupie's sweet tea. Sweetened to perfection and they give it to you in a mason jar with the best crushed ice in the world. A perfect pairing for your chili of choice. The burgers are great, too. I haven't ventured into the world of burgers too much, but what I've had has been memorable. The parking lot can be a little tricky. If you're going at peak lunch hours, good luck. It's a bit cutthroat to find a space. Also, getting back out on to Monroe can be a bit of a challenge, so beware. This place is awesome. Love it for lunch or a date night with my wife. Actually went to this place with wife the night we decided to get married! Such a great memory. Keep doing exactly what you've been doing all these years, Lupies. Perfect.
5	Awesome is all you can say! Very busy during lunch.
4	Oh man.. I've been coming to Lupie's since I was in elementary school. It's always crowded, but that gives it this awesome homey feel. It's got perfect tea served in mason jars, delicious chili, good sandwiches, fast service and the best mac&cheese money can buy. What more could you want?
3	I've been going to Lupie's since I was a kid, lots of memories at this place!I love the quirky decor and the mason glass jars they serve their tea in. The quality here isn't bad, but nothing to rave about either. What you can depend on at Lupie's is consistency.Love the servers here!!!Thumbs up for having vegetarian chili, veggie burgers, and vegetarian quiche. They also usually have a selection of sides to make a veg. plate too. The ONLY reason I don't give Lupie's more stars is the lack of selection, they've pretty much had the same menu for like 20 years... but extra kudos for being locally owned and operated!If you have room for dessert, make sure you try the PEACH KUCHEN! This dish is outta control amazing! It's in my top three favorite desserts of all time. Sort of like a German peach cobbler I think?
3	Driving past this little place, makes you wonder what's in store once you enter into it's doors. It's a sweet little dive, which is my fave. After reading all the rave reviews, I had to try this little gem for myself. We drove into the mostly empty gravel lot, and jogged past two workers who were smoking out back in the rain. I was excited because of everything I'd heard and could hardly contain myself as I stormed in through the doors. Tip for you high heel wearin ladies... running in gravel is never a good idea, no matter how hungry you are. When you get inside, there are two separate areas, and it looks like it could be a fun time on a weekend. We got our menus, she told us the special and we browsed over the selection. I was bummed that chicken & dumplings was only on certain days. I moved here from Cincinnati, OH and was pleased to see "Cincinatti" chili on the list. I haven't been gone from my hometown for long though, so I didn't try the reminder of days past. I can't remember what I even ordered, but my boyfriend got the spaghetti and it was extremely soggy. When we packed it up, the water drained out of the side and into my lap. Not a pleasant ride home I must say. I know I'll get something thrown at me for saying this, but honestly I was expecting a little more... I know, I know, I'm sorry Charlotteans, but I wasn't that impressed. The staff was nice though, and it was very laid back. I'd go back and give it a second try. Maybe I'll get the chicken and dumplings the next time around :)
4	This restaurant is a total dive and I love it.  I've driven past this establishment many times, but even with the good things I've heard from folks and read on yelp I was a little hesitant.  The outside is so old and dingy, which is why I always drove right by without even noticing it.  If you like good ole' comfort food for reasonable...wait...CHEAP prices then you will dig Lupie's.We arrived and were seated almost immediately in the downstairs section of the building.  You can tell the place has been around for a while and the decor is very unique.  It was really hot in the downstairs section.  The dining room by the front door was fine, but it felt like the A/C was out downstairs.  It was bearable for us, but felt uncomfortable when we first walked in.  The server greeted us promptly and was great throughout the meal.Now on to the food.  I thought everything we ordered was great.  It is a very simple menu with burgers and American fare.  They have a daily special each day as well, which happened to be the Chicken & Dumplins.  I was torn between the Texas Chili (spicy/chunky beef) and the Cincinnati Chili (sweet/finely ground beef) only because I've never tried the latter.  The server recommended a mixture of both, what a great idea!  She said it was really good too, so that helped me decide.  I got it on a bed of spaghetti on her recommendation as well and it didn't disappoint.  It was a huge bowl topped with cheese and onions.  I'm glad I got the mixture because the chunky/finely ground beef mixture was fantastic.  It still had a nice kick even though only half of my chili entree was considered 'spicy'.  My girl got the Chicken and Dumplins and it came with 2 sides.  She got the Mac & Cheese and Squash & Onions.  The Dumplins were fantastic, very creamy and well seasoned.  The Mac & Cheese was a standout as well.  It's the baked style, so you get that thick cheesy crust from the top of the casserole.  I love that, reminds me of my Mema!!  Both entrees were served with cornbread as well.Both of our entrees were under $7, we each had a domestic beer at $2.50 a pop and the check totaled under $20.  We also walked out full with a to go box.  Bravo Lupie's, bravo.
4	Food was good!  We had chicken and dumplings, a burger, and the Cincinnati chili.  Servings were huge!  Service could have been friendlier, but it was efficient nonetheless.
2	I've been here a few times, and really wanted to like it more. I've tried all their chilis, a burger, the sweet tea in the mason jar. It was just OK. I love the history and the atmosphere, and the menu has a ton of potential. But I just didn't think the food delivered on the comfort food taste I was looking for.
4	I work down the road about 2 miles away from this little gem. I would always see it driving by but would never go because I was slightly skeptical. Not in the best neighborhood, not much else around it, and it doesn't have the best curbside appeal. But we had new people start at my job recently, and one of them told me that I had to go and try it because it was delicious.Delicious was an understatement! You walk in and your mouth automatically starts watering because whatever they are making that day smells sooooo yummy. I havent tried the quiches yet, but they all sound amazing. I went in and got the daily special both times I went (within one week of eachother because it was so good) and i ate pretty much all of both. And i generally cant eat all of my food.The first day I went, i had baked chicken as the lunch special and it comes with cornbread and 2 sides. I got broccoli casserole and green beans. I am slightly biased towards green beans because I LOVE them. But the broccoli casserole was the best broccoli casserole I have ever had. If it is an option when you go there, you should get it.The second time I went I got the meatloaf lunch special - also fabulous. I got it with mac n cheese and green beans (again). The prices arent bad at all and the staff are all very friendly. Its a small little restaurant with A LOT of flavor. I definitely recommend it. I can see myself gaining weight in the future from eating all this lovely southern food they have to offer! nom nom nom
3	Lupie's Cafe is a quaint little pub. It has a nice atmosphere with calm lighting and everything is made of wood. It's hard not to give this place a four stars, however the only vegan food the have is chili and it isn't really worth eating (unless you're really hungry). Also their beer selection could improve a bit.That being said, the prices are good and the omnivores tell me their other menu items are pretty good. I live in walking distance to Lupie's and it's nice to be able to stroll on over and have a couple drinks. The place is just so calm and relaxed feeling.
4	Lupie's is right around the corner from my house and so it is quickly becoming a staple.  This is a great place to grab a bite to eat... they are very fast and pretty cheap.  The portion sizes are huge and I always have leftovers. I will say that the location is not great and the place kind of looks a little crazy/creepy.  It certainly felt a little strange the first time we visited.  But after you accept that it is basically a pieced together shack, you can really enjoy the ambiance.  The bathrooms (especially the lower level women's) are a little gross. But they make up for it with the best chili in town.  Don't take that lightly, I love chili and am really picky about it!This is a great place to go when you need something FAST (like eating within 10 minutes of entering) and filling for not a lot of money... I think our bill is usually about $15 for two diners.
4	Lupie's Cafe is a quiet cozy hole in the wall with ecelctic decor and dim lighting.  The food is simple, homemade, and good.  My boyfriend and I decided to share a huge plate of nachos, topped with Texas chili, jalepenos, and a mountain full of cheese, with salsa and sour cream on the side.  The chili had a nice bite and with the additional condiments it was a delectable bite.  For dinner we shared the pulled pork and asparagus & crab quiche.  Both were sided with fresh fruit and veggies, all good.  To end the meal, we shared banana pudding (should've ordered 2 because it was so good),  The service was friendly and attentive, we'll definitely be back again.
4	Chicken and Dumplings were fantastic...great feel.  Awesome place for lunch. Fast efficient service.
4	Best dive in Charlotte? Lupie's...hands down.Don't let the windowless brick building with the wind-weathered sign fool you - this place was making great food before you and will be here long after you're gone. It has that old-school diner grunge and big flavors from lots of practice.Their specialty is chilli and it's off the chart. They have a wide variety to choose from that range from sweet to spicy, mild to "oh-my-god-I'm-dying"and you can get it in a bowl or piled on top of just about anything. The "home cooking" entrees, only one per day and it rotates, look like the perfect comfort food. Burgers are amazing and the portions on everything are heaping.If you can fight your way into the parking lot, you are in for one of the best kept secrets in Charlotte!
4	I am sad that I have lived close to Lupie's for more than a year and just in the last month discovered its awesomeness.  Lupie's may not have an extensive menu, but the things they have a done well.  And it's pretty cheap too.This place looks like a total dive.  The outside is a little dated, and for that matter, so is the inside decor.  The inside looks kind of like a cabin, with wooden tables, benches, and even paneling on the wall.  For me, this place seems very down-home and inviting.  Our waitress was sweet as could be, and did a great job waiting on all the tables in the main area.The first time I had Lupie's was for carry-out.  My partner was craving nachos, and I wanted a burger.  It was the closest place to get both of the things we wanted.  The nachos were covered in the choice of chili, and we chose the mild Southern Style.  The nachos were absolutely delicious!  I had a simple bacon cheeseburger, and the patty was very meaty and flavorful.  It was excellent and reasonably priced, and much better than many expensive, gourmet burgers I've had in this city.The second trip, we decided to finally dine it.  Our waitress informed us they had just changed the menu that day, and you could now get chili mac over their macaroni and cheese.  Oh HECK yeah, I was sold!  They added even more cheese (kind of cheesy overload, but I like that sort of thing), onion, and beans to the Cincinnati chili, which was SO good!  My partner had the same thing with the Southern chili, and I have to admit that this was even better.  However, you may want to bring some Tums and/or Beano with you.  It is served with a large square of cornbread, which was also very delicious.  Cornbread tends to be a little sweet at most places, but not here.  It was a fabulous, moist, savory cornbread, which matched the chili mac perfectly.To drink, we had sweet tea served in mason jars, which was some of the best tea I've had here in Charlotte.  And to top off the whole meal, we ordered the sweet potato kuchen for dessert.  I admit, I was a little hesitant about the dish when they brought it out completely covered in whipped cream.  But for me, it was love at first bite.  The cake was served hot, so the cream cooled it down at first and then kind of melted on the top.  The cake was so moist, with so much great sweet potato flavor, that it might be my new favorite sweet potato dessert.For two dinners, two teas, and a dessert, our bill came out around $26 + tip, which was pretty inexpensive compared to a lot of places.  Our portions were so big, I think I only ate about 1/3 of my food.  Both my partner and I had plenty of leftovers to take back and eat later.If you're looking for chili or a burger, I very highly recommend this place.  They had some great comfort food for really great prices.  Healthy it may not be, but delicious it is!  I have a feeling I will be dreaming of that kuchen for the next few days.
4	Visitnig with friends, so we took a trip to Lupie's for Throwdown Nachos with spicy chili and $1 G-Whiz beer! Great food , great service! Thanks Jeannine and Dave for introducing me!
4	I loved this place. It has a very divey feel, but things still work the way they're supposed to. They take debit, they have free refills, they make me happy. I had a bacon cheeseburger and it was great. It tasted like I grilled it myself. I wasn't crazy about the deli-style mustard, but most people would love that stuff. I'm a French's yellow kind of guy.
5	One of the joys of having non-foodie friends is that you can introduce them to the goodness awaiting them in their home city. So it was when I visited a friend of mine who'd lived in the Charlotte area most of her thirty-some years but had never heard of Lupie's Cafe when I said that I wanted to go there. As it turned out, Lupie's is right near the college she attended ... and she never knew it was there.Lupie's is located in a borderline run-down section of Charlotte, the building a bit on the ramshackle side both inside and out. But the parking lot is full and the place is packed, with cheerful waitresses bustling about delivering mouthwatering-looking food. My friend ordered a cheeseburger while our other friend ordered the vegetarian chili--she was looking at the Cincinnati chili but she'd never had it before and as it's an acquired taste I steered her away. I went for a hot dog topped with Texas-style chili and coleslaw, and we all got macaroni and cheese for our sides.I'm usually not a fan of baked mac and cheese but I will make a very large exception for Lupie's version. It is extremely creamy and rich and well-seasoned, with just a little top chewiness... carb heaven. The chili-slaw dog was dressed perfectly, the coleslaw providing a nice chill against the authentic heat of the chili. My friends raved about their food choices and the sweet tea served in Mason jars. Not being a fan of tea I went with the other house wine of the South, Dr Pepper, also served in a jar.The best part was that the three of us ate and drank extremely well for around twenty bucks. Lupie herself mans the cash register, and she beamed with pride when we babbled about how awesome the food had been. She's probably used to that reaction by now.
5	Don't get to Lupie's that often so it is really a treat. My wife had chile and I had a chile & slaw burger. Both were great. the servers were very fast and very good also.
3	What a great dive. If you don't know to look for it, you'll drive right past. I've really only partaken of the vegetarian chili and chili mac variation, and it's just the perfect thing on a cold day when hunger is calling and I don't have time to make a slow-cooked, long-term commitment to cooking. Apparently there are lots of other wonderful things on the menu, but I've found my old faithful dish and there's no looking back for this girl.Once you receive your food, prepare to have the check dropped off at your table, and go pay at the register/kitchen area. Bring cash to tip your server, or consent to being charged extra on the card. Not a problem, but definitely an old-school way of doing things.As for the ambiance, again, it's a dive. But happily so. It didn't become one on accident. And it's the kind of place you need to try, just to say you've been. It's definitely a Charlotte staple, and is nestled fondly in the hearts of QC residents.
4	My first thoughts were, "is this really the place? No, it can't be!" - but it is. Parking is not exactly plentiful. When entering, it's like walking into someones garage - divey is an appropriate description. The split level set up is interesting, to say the least. The food more than makes up for any doubts or apprehensive first impressions. What is good? The chili. The sweet tea served with crushed ice in a bead dripping Mason jar. The burgers. The baked mac 'n cheese. The Sweet Potato Kuchen. Usually the daily specials. I have found the servers to be only slightly friendly, maybe because they are just usually so busy. On a positive note, they never let my Mason jar run dry. This is always a deal breaker and tip buster for me. Lupie's is a veritable Charlotte lunchtime institution on Monroe Road. Head on by, and have some chili, and leave a decent tip. Lupie's - don't ever change.
3	I've been in Charlotte for over 13 years now and this was only my second visit ever to Lupie's. I think there's a lot of history here, it reminds of those cool, local places the natives take you when you're visiting their turf. Like those 90's hungouts where the cool kids hung out before or after shows. Either way, I don't know much about the history of Lupie's. The building is awesome, the front doors are probably as old as the building and the aging on the walls gives it a lot of appeal. The staff was very friendly and serviceable.My daughters ordered a burger and a BLT and both were very, pleased with their order. Girl #1 ordered just a regular burger and said it was one of the better burgers she's had recently. Oddly enough, Lupie's doesn't have a kid's menu. I don't think I've seen an eatery without a kid's menu in quite some time.I ordered the nachos.... yeah, not the brightest idea. I wish the waitress would have give me a heads up about the size. To put it in perspective, you can feed half the population of Peru with a single order of nachos from Lupies. Half of my portion is still sitting in my refrigerator... crap, that reminds me, I gotta go throw them out now, they're several days old. The nachos were very, very standard. Cheese, beans, and jalapenos over chips. I could have made them at home and they would have been just as good,The food is ok, nothing to write home about. I didn't particularly like it or dislike it. So, it's pretty safe to say that if I'm in the area again, I'll probably end up there.
2	I've been to Lupie's a few times now, mostly because it's close, open, and cheap. The atmosphere is divy and most of the people are nice, but the food is not it's strong suit.Their chilies are all fairly good on their own but I was not impressed with anything else. As far as presentation, if you've ever been to Rochester, their dishes look a lot like the famous garbage plates served in Nick Tahou's restaurant.As far as the taste, we ordered chicken wings and saw the cooks grab them out of the fridge and microwave them. The result were wings that were mushy on the outside and were insanely hot and overcooked on the inside. Who knows when the wings were actually cooked.Another time we went I ordered their chicken and dumplings and sadly it tasted like flour and water with a few bits of chicken thrown in.Go to Lupie's for a bowl of chili and a beer but I can't recommend anything else.
5	Delicious wings!! And order the banana pudding or peach kuchen - you will thank me later. Awesome dive restaurant. A staple of Charlotte. A must eat if you live in the area or have friends here!!
4	Good home cookin'.  Hadn't been here in years, glad to see still open.  Sweet tea is REALLY sweet but works out once the ice melts.  Slaw and cucumber+onions sides are delicious.  Chicken and dumplings rivals mom's!
4	Best hot wings in the city of Charlotte! I personally like them hot because it comes packed with flavor. But, BBQ is good also. The sweet tea is good. The Mac n Cheese is alright. I met the owner, Lupie...she was cool! Very humble and genuinely appreciated us coming in and telling her how much we loved their food :)
4	Hidden gem - great food!
5	This place is awesome and been a charlotte staple for years!  Grew up on it.
2	4 stars? Meh... Not for me.  The food just didn't do it for me. I tried a burger and some Cincinnati chili. I was disappointed with both. The burger was overcooked and tasteless. The Cincinnati chili had a really off-putting texture to it. I just wasn't thrilled. Maybe it was an off-day but I don't see myself heading back anytime soon.
4	Texas Chili Mac is the single best thing you can get if you like really spicy (really!) comfort food. I've never ordered anything else (it's that unique) but friends that have had said the burgers are also awesome. Beer, down home environment, this place is NOT for the pretentious. If you don't love it here, you don't have any soul.
5	Lupie's Cafe is one of Charlotte's hidden Gems!!  An amazing dive with the best food and service in the city!!!!!  Sides are great.  Mac and cheese is to die for and chicken and dumplings and burgers are Awesome!!
4	This place was delicious!! At first it was hard for me to get over how dirty the carpet in the restaurant was, and how sticky my booth was....but then I took a bite of my chili burger and the grunginess around me melted away!My husband and I both loved our chili burgers. They offered the perfect amount of spice without taking away from the flavor of the meal. The sides were pretty generic; not great, but not bad. Service was a tad slow considering how empty the place was, but our server was friendly and helpful. Plus our whole dinner was like $20! Not bad for the ever-growing cost of living in Charlotte. I'd def recommend this place if you're in the mood for a dive bar!
4	From the moment I walked in the front door, the staff was warm and inviting.  Holly's service was very accommodating from the beginning to the end.  As we were first timers, Holly did a great job of explaining menu items to my mother and I.  When I asked for a cup of coffee, Holly quickly brewed a fresh pot for me.  The entire meal was delicious and abundant.  The vegetarian chili was a huge hit with my mother and the chili slaw burger hit the spot for me as well.  All of the positive reviews preceding seemed spot on and I highly recommend for anyone seeking simple tastes from a small Southern kitchen.  Can't wait to return.
4	I feel like nothing screams Charlotte as much as Lupie's cafe. Having grown up here, I cannot remember a time without Lupie's. The food is always consistent & very reasonably priced. I'll admit it is not blow your mind good, but its pretty darn tasty. The staff is always pleasant. If you're ever in the Huntersville area, they have a sister location up there.
4	We had a great time at Lupie's tonight.  We originally were headed to The Diamond restaurant, but could not find a place to park the car.  So, we decided to try Lupies.  We hadn't been to Lupie's in a number of years.  There were three of us and we were seated immediately.  Just as quickly as we were seated our waiter arrived to see what we would like to drink.  He took our drink order and came back very quickly.Roast Pork was the special tonight, but the waiter told us that they were out of the pork, but had chicken and dumplings.  I hadn't had their chicken and dumplings in quite a long time.  I had the chicken and dumplings and my wife had the chili and slaw hamburger.  (They can now cook your burger to your order- a big improvement.)We were very happy with our choices.  They were delicious.  The only negative was that they are very generous with their portion size and I was reluctant to stop eating.  Shame on me!  However, it was so tasty I wasn't able to stop.  My compliments to the chef and their staff.  The food couldn't have been any better and the service was great.
4	Not gonna lie...this place has good home cooking! You have to time it based on the daily specials, but there is usually something for everyone at any time. If you go and don't order the banana pudding, you have failed the mission!
4	Lupie's is perfect for the long day when only comfort food and sweet tea will suffice. Their Texas chili has the perfect amount of heat, teetering on the edge of sweat-inducing. Upgrade to the chili mac and you're staring a day's worth of caloric intake in one dish, but man it's worth it. Their sides, especially the mac and cheese are creamy and buttery, and just about as good as Grandma used to make too. Just about everything I've had at Lupie's was tasty. I thought their cornbread was a little bland, but that's a huge nitpick considering how much they get right. If you want some delicious, well-priced comfort food, this unassuming place on Monroe Road is worth every dollar and every bite.
4	Solid local atmosphere, solid chili, and cheap beer... no frills, eclectic staff, and absolutely delicious banana pudding. I've had some so so specials and their salads are iceberg, but I love the place and it will always be a staple  - especially on cold nights when I have a hankering for chili
5	The first time I went I got the vegetarian chili and I cant get anything else!  It is to die for!  It is a rare treat to not only find a place that has veg. chili, but to find one that has really good chili!  Its just too amazing!
4	I have been eating here for almost four years and have YET to taste a better hot wing than a Lupie's hot wing. I order hot wings and macaroni and cheese every time I eat here, both are delicious! The place is a "hole in the wall" and the decor isn't the prettiest, but it's got a down home, early 90s feel to it, which I enjoy. The servers are always pleasant and attentive, I've never had a complaint about my service here. Every friend I have introduced to Lupie's has loved it. Their prices are pretty cheap too.
3	It's been a very long time since we have eaten at Lupie's.  It was good, but I ordered the chili that is too hot and too thick.  They have others I should have chosen.  My friend's chicken and dumplings were pretty thick, too large of an order, she had to get a to-go box.  I like Lupie's and the funky atmosphere, I would return and order differently.
5	My favourite place in Huntersville!  Have been here with my husband and kids, mother in law, friends and work colleagues. It's consistently good with fast and friendly service.
4	Just went here the other day!  Seriously hadn't been in about 5 years!  What?!?!  I know crazy!  Had to go for lunch and get hooked up with some of their yummy chicken salad.  Always has been a favorite of mine.  And of course the chicken and dumplings :) I love how it's just a comfortable, chill place.  The service is always great as is the food.
5	My Thursdays are not complete with out some chicken & dumplings,green beans and Mac & cheese!! AMAZING! Love this place
5	When it comes to chicken wings, WOW!! this place has the 10000 star if there was one! Amazing wings, hot or mild..very soft.. quick and very friendly staff, the owner is very friendly too. One of my favorite local places to go visit when I crave wings
4	I haven't been here in years!  And, the reason that I decided not to return was because the staff was rude.  But, my man and I were driving down Monroe Road and were hungry.  So, here we are.I love the divey,, old fashioned aura that this place exudes.  And music?  A great mix of retro R & B and obscure modern day tunes.My man ordered the quiche.  They had a meaty version and a vegetarian offering.  He got the squash, onion and tomato quiche.  His plate was also filled with fruit and a salad.  I got the vegetarian chili, which included an ample portion of cheese and onions.  The menu boasted that it was hot, and righteously spicy it was, but you know old hot tongue me.  I had to dump Tabasco  sauce on it for that extra special brand of punishment.  The cornbread was fashioned in the correct style, savory, not sweet.  And the service?  Our server didn't have a rude bone in his body.  In fact, every staff member we encountered gave us a heaping helping of hospitality.  So, Lupie's has been redeemed in my book.  Good food with heat and service that is sweet.  Plus, I dig their use of mason jars for serving beverages.
4	My favorite thing about this place: it's walking distance from my house and I can wear sweatpants there with no judgement. Or maybe they are judging me. Oh well.My buddy Vijay and I swung by for dinner last Tuesday. I was super bummed when I saw that the special the night before was meatloaf. However, it was my lucky day. They still had meatloaf left! Hip, hip... hooray! No mashed potatoes, though. Sigh, guess I have no choice but to eat delicious mac n cheese. When in Rome, you have to get the chili. We couldn't decide which one to get. Our server suggested mixing two together. Brilliant. We went with Texas and Southern. Texas is on the spicy side. I liked the combo of the two. Vijay also got a burger. Holy. This thing was huge. I was shocked when he was able to eat the whole thing. I have to get up here on a Thursday. Why? The special is chicken and dumplings. Sounds like the perfect meal on a chilly night. Not to be confused with chili....
