4	Arizona's technology sector is expanding yet again. With the presence of Motorola and Intel establishing the Valley's own Silicon Desert, the industry continues to aspire to be a preeminent center of innovation and design. Biotech has garnered much of the attention recently, but even now its perch has been threatened. Yes, in the midst of economic uncertainty, one new firm has no shortage of buzz.Yes, the cutting edge is now a sandwich knife. Firehouse Subs has come to the state, and promises to revolutionize an American original: the hoagie, or submarine sandwich. Founders Chris and Robin Sorensen realized just like other foods, the method of cooking a sandwich should be just as important as the ingredients. And so, they decided to use a heretofor underutilized way in mass-prodctions sandwich shops: steam.But if you worry that your glasses will fog up as you walk through the door, don't be. The seemingly endless row of hot sauces will likely cause more eye irration than the patented steamer devices used behind the counter. Bowing to their time the founders worked with their father as firefighters in Jacksonville, Florida, the decor is a mix of bright reds, whites, and blacks with a very clean and new feeling throughout. Employees are quick to shout, "Welcome to Firehouse" when anyone steps inside.The menu hints at ambition but ultimately delivers something more staid. Creative names like "Hook and Ladder" and "Engine Company" conceal prosaic offerings like ham and turkey and turkey with roast beef. But as soon as you take a bite, you'll realize that the steaming does make a huge difference. And you'll also notice how fast you finish, given that their items are on the small side.With all the focus on next-generation technology, the owners have yet to solve 20th century vintage problems. The first is the wait that is required to use the steamer. While it's not oppressive long, it does diminish the utilty of the sandwich shop concept a little bit. Contravening this is the staff's desire to be really nice to you, even if it's all very Stepford-wife as opposed to something family-owned. We can only hope none there has seen "Westworld".Innovation, however, always costs money and you'll be keenly aware of this here. It's not that you have to shell out an unspeakable amount of money to dine at Firehouse. It's that you might feel for a simple sandwich, it's either too much (money) or not enough (food). But the restaurant's signature flavors still make it a destination, at least until the next big thing comes along.
5	I heard of this place from my buddies on Chandler PD as they go there often and told me to try it.  It's a cool theme in there, one I can relate to growing up in and around the firehouse with my dad.  Lots of firetrucks, hoses, and pictures around of firemen.  Lots of hotsauces when you walk in the door - that's nice.Good subs and hoagies and affordably priced - I got a great hot sub for less than what I typically pay for at Subway.And after going to their web site and learning that they have a Foundation where they give money and tools back to First Responders... I'm definitely returning and telling everybody I know about it.And for the record, all the guys and kids working there were really nice.
5	"Welcome to Firehouse!"  (..as you walk in the door)Subs were VERY good!  Very glad I ran across this place!  I've been back several times (unfortunately it's not very close to the house).  My car just seems to drive to Ray and the 101 around lunch time ... weird.
5	mmmmmm still very good.  Medium (8" sub) meatball sub... Cooked perfectly... Meatballs are MUCH higher quality than Subway or Quizno's!They also have Coke products!! YAY Diet Crack erm... I mean Diet Coke!!
4	"Welcome to Firehouse!"Yep, that's an actual quote that I hear nearly every time I walk in. It felt weird at first, but now I miss it when they're too busy to look up.Pros--Subs are always made fresh and hot-They come to you, instead of making you wait-Love the pickleCons--Only two choices of bread-Not cheap-Freshness ain't instantaneousSeeing as how my day job is just across the street. this is my #1 lunch destination.
4	I went to Firehouse for the first time this past weekend. The place was clean and I enjoyed the decor. The sandwiches were very good and fresh. The brisket and cheddar sandwich was really good. I also split the engine company sub with my fiancee and enjoyed the sandwich. The sandwiches were made within 5 minutes of the order.I liked the crushed ice instead of the cube you typically get at most eating esablishments. I didn't find the food too expensive. The cost for 2 sandwich combos was $16-17.  About what you would pay at Dilly's.I expect I will hear "Welcome to Firehouse" in the future.
4	We got take-out from this place for lunch today, and I was pleasantly surprised! I was expecting a Quiznos-esque experience (which isn't bad, but isn't overly exciting either), but Firehouse exceeded my expectations. I ordered the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket Sub, which is JUST as good as it sounds:beef brisket topped with melted cheddar cheese and sauces....mmmmm! I devoured the 8"...at the risk of sounding like a pig, I might get the 12" next time, just because it was SO tasty I seriously couldn't stop eating it. One of my coworkers who frequents Firehouse a fair amount claims that everything is good...so my only dilemma next time is choosing between the already-proven-to-be-great Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket Sub or something else that (apparently) will be equally as good...so many choices!!!
5	Wow this food is amazing!! I was expecting same ol same ol but I was very surprised. We will definitely be returning!
5	Had the pastrami sandwich. It brought me back memories of living in NYC and eating that first pastrami. It was good.  Good food hAs the power of time travel. This is a great place. Plus the coke is primo. Good mixture. The ice makes it over the top.
5	Love their subs! Toasted bread and steamed meat.... Brilliant!I usually get the Club on a Sub. I seriously packs a punch. So delicious!
4	My boyfriend is in love with Firehouse so I eat there quite a bit. In terms of quality they blow away Subway, Quiznos, etc. Their subs are also quite large, and the hot sauce collection is amusing. I tried the DBacks hot sauce as a joke, and actually found it to be quite tasty. At the same time, I realized I do like hot sauce on my sandwiches. Who knew? Thanks, Firehouse!I give them four out of five stars for two reasons:1. One night they gave me the hard sell on the brownies and I caved. They were not anything special. Don't bother.2. The last time I was there they took way too long to make one sub and there were six people working behind the counter. In addition, two people that ordered after me got their food first. That is seriously irritating. Definitely a nice alternative to other sandwich chains.
3	I had a really tasty sandwich here, the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar here. But I will agree with other reviewers that the sandwich could stand to be a bit bigger for the price. I liked the fact that if you accept all defaults (they ask you every step of the process how you would like your sandwich), this BBQ-sauce filled sandwich also gets mayonaisse. Most people may not like that, but I do. The combination of sweet-tangy and creamy works for my palette.Didn't sample the impressive array of hot sauces available for spicing up one's sandwich, but always happy to see a wide selection of condiments available. I'm tempted to come back here and try their other selections. I also liked how you can buy the house BBQ sauce in a fire-hydrant shaped bottle.
4	Came here for a sub and left with a big ole smile on my face!  Firehouse subs totally hit the spot.  They serve hot subs, and was amazed at how good they tasted.  I had the #3 which was roast beef and pastrami with all the fixings.They do have a great selection of hot sauces here, but I didn't try any of them.  The subs here come in 2 sizes, 8 inch and 12 inch.  Prices are actually quite reasonable, and I feel like I got a lot more then I paid for.  Tasty bread, a filling meal, and enough sub to make me happy.  They even sell their pickle buckets here.  Their those big drum looking things that are probably hold at least 5 gallons of goods for $2.  I guess the $2 goes towards a fireman's charity or something, but either way, its for a good cause.  Anyways, this place is worth checking out.  :-)
3	Nice atmosphere and friendly staff at this fire station-themed sub shop. I had a business lunch there at the suggestion of a colleague and it fit the bill good enough. Big selection of subs on the menu, both hot and cold. There should be something  to suit  everyone. I only wish that they would have the traditional oil and vinegar dressing, and I don't like mayo and mustard. I didn't see anything like it on the menu, so I had a dry sub. I'm not much into hot sauces, but the place as a huge selection of different bottles. Everybody in the place with sprinkling up their subs. My only complaints about the place are the location of the soda machine, which is too close to the counter where you pay and blocks access to the restrooms when too many people are gathered in that area and the lack of a simple dressing choice.
3	If you are want a sub, but don't want the monotony of your typical sub shops, head to Firehouse Subs and if you want I bet they will let you give  your best firetruck siren impression, too.This place has the similar feel as any other sub shop, but just replace the cheesy subway scenery wall paper with firehouse artifacts.   The menu provides similar sub options, but the quality of the ingredients are much higher rated than what you would expect to find.  The real add on for me is the hot sauce.  They have a nice variety of different hot sauces that give any sub that extra kick.The other thing I like is the 8 and 12 inch are really that large.  Seems like everyone now offers a 6 and 12 inch that really are 4 and 8.  Friendly staff and the option to create your own sub and personalize it with some pop make it a solid 3 star.
4	To start this out with, let me make it clear I have experience with Firehouse Subs. I'm from the East Coast, where they originate. I had one one block away from my campus housing while I was in college, and another resided in the same building as a friend of mine's condo during that same time. With that out of the order, Firehouse is good. Very good. A large combo is a little pricier than a deal at Subway (a large combo is ~$10), but it's definitely worth it. The medium combo is ~$7.50, but the large is, I feel, well worth it, as the sandwich is so much bigger.For starters, your sub is steamed. STEAMED! The way God meant meat and cheese to be prepared on a sandwich. This comes at a price, however. Don't expect the 'have it your way' mentality of Subway; you have a choice of ~10 subs, each of which comes with a selection of meats and cheeses. Some of these can be served fully involved (mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato), others can not (I'm looking at -you-, Steamer. You'd be perfect if you'd just loosen up a bit and take some extra condiments like a good girl). Well, you might be able to explicitly ask if they can be served that way, but it's going to be up to the server; the ones that are to be served fully involved (if you want them that way) say "Served Fully Involved" on the menu.But my God, even with these limits is it worth it. These sandwiches are large, filled with meat and cheese, tasty as hell, and Firehouse provides a huge assortment of hot sauces to include on it. USE THEM! Find one you like; it really does make the sandwich taste better. I nearly cried when I found out a friend had been eating at Firehouse but had never known the hot sauces were there to be tried and experimented with by the customers, and so had never had the joy of a hot sauced sub.Now, the reason this isn't 5 star...because of what has been done to the Firehouse Subs brand hot sauce. Yes, they have their own. Back in GA, it was -amazing-, best hot sauce there. Mild enough you could slather it on like ketchup, spicy enough to give it some heat, and tangy enough to give it flavor. I'm not sure why the one here was different (different mixing location? Different (bad) batch from those I've had in the past? I don't know), but it was a little bit spicier than it should have been (making it so my usual habit of slathering it on made the sandwich a little more spicy than I like. Still good, still edible, but not perfect), and less tangy. Still, though, try Firehouse the next time you want a sub. It's so much better than those other, lesser, sub shops.
5	AMAZING!!! We have been going to firehouse for almost 2 years now after my friend introduced us to it, I have never tasted a sandwhich so good in my entire life! You walk in and you're immediately greeted by all the workers, they can get pretty busy during the lunch and dinner time rushes, but I don't mind waiting. There is no way you can go into firehouse and not notice the array of hot sauces on display.I myself am not into spicy food, but my father and husband always get several samples to see who can handle the spiciest sandwhich (they have the spiciest flavors in their "vault", all you have to do is ask). Everytime I go I get the beef n cheddar smokehouse sub. They never skimp on the meat and the bread is always soft because they steam their subs, there is no better place to go for a sub, firehouse is definitely our fav! Keep up the good work firehouse!
4	Great meatball sub!
4	Went there today after yelping for a new tasty lunch spot and stumbled upon a few reviews that made me immediately get up and go.I followed the advice of several others and started with the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket, and it was sooo worth it.  It was the freshest, most flavorful sandwich I've had in a very very long time.  The steaming does take a little longer then the typical Subway employee but it is sooo worth it, and really not that long of a wait.  I've waiting much longer for late night fillie bees and never been as satisfied.My boyfriend had the club on a sub which was also amazing... the meat tastes so much better steamed. It literally melts in your mouth.  I would of given 5 stars, but the pickles tasted a little weird, chip selection is so so and the signiture firehouse cherry-limeade... definitly pass.  Overall though, I didnt come for the sides, I came for the sandwich, and the sandwich was amazing.  Even if this place is out of your way you need to at least try it.  My money says you'll be back =)
4	really good food! i had the brisket and cheddar on wheat. meat was great and the staff were very friendly.
5	I could eat the New York Steamer everyday and be completely happy.  My brother intoduced me to this place, and I have since been taking other people back to try them too.Long drive from Tucson for a sandwich, but worth the trip.  (Sorry Ma, this is the real reason I am coming home so often....just kidding!)Steamer is an amazing sandwich......I want one just thinking about it.
4	Out in Chandler today and was excited to finally try this place that was recommended by some locals.  Wasn't sure what to expect for a sub shop.Different concept as far as first impressions.  Place was packed and it was about 1pm.  . Every table taken. Fireman equipment and artifacts everywhere.  Right away I'm trying to break down the menu as fast as I can since people behind me are waiting and it's an order-at-the-counter place.   Staff was great.  Asked what I was in the mood for. Pointed out a few items.  I went for a sub w/ turkey, mushrooms, and Swiss.  I asked if the mushrooms were fried.  The employee explained how they have a special press that steams the meat and cheese together before it goes on the roll.  Nothing there is fried.  Sandwich was very good. Enjoyed the crispness of the roll.  There was a great amount of turkey, unlike most popular sub shops around.  I would have liked a bit more cheese and mushrooms.  A little more "savoryness" but I think that could have come in had I chosen one of their specialty sauces.  I'm definitely trying one of the sauces next trip! I think I needed a little more "zip!"
5	"Welcome to Firehouse!!" That's the greeting you get from the entire staff when you walk in the door (and if you go with my boyfriend, he yells that greeting along with the staff every time ANYONE walks into the place as well). We walked up the register and the staff were wonderful - helpful regarding the menu. The food came out quick, and we could tell it was fresh. I ordered the meatball and it was amazing! I wish there was one further east (closer to my house), but anytime I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the Chandler area, Firehouse Subs will be on my mind.
4	I got intro ducted to FireHouse subs in San Antonio.  The hook and ladder is awesome.  They are quick and have great accuracy.  I just wished they delivered.
4	Went to the Firehouse for the first time today on my lunch break.  Very friendly staff, quick service and YUMMY subs!  Because the sandwiches are steamed they are sooo soft and juicy.  They totally don't skip on the meat, though I would have enjoyed extra veggies.  I will for sure go back again.
4	I've enjoyed two outta the three sandwiches I've tried here.Club - Good.Beef & Cheddar - Very GoodCorn Beef & Pastrami - NopeI will be back for the Beef & Cheddar. It's insanely good. The chili here is also tasty. It's meaty with no beans, just the way I like it. (kind of reminds me of the one at Jason's Deli) And I especially love the Cherry Limeaid. Yeeeee! No need to go to Sonics!Service is whatevers. Some of the staff are friendlier than others but nobody I've encountered was rude... so it's all good.
5	Alright, I am giving this place a 5-star based off one sub - The New York Steamer. Holy crap this was good.I actually didn't even get to eat this sub fresh as some stuff came up before I could stuff my face. Still, one of the best subs I've ever had in my life despite the slightly soggy bread due to me having to nuke it.So, I actually ordered this delicious little morsel online. They said that they would email me when it was ready, but that it would at least take 30 mins. I never received an email, but instead a phone call. I rushed over there and snagged it.The one problem I had with this was that I had some difficulty finding the place. The main display/sign and door faces away from the road. I actually passed by it a few times and ended up further down the road. Just know that it is only a few hundred yards from the road.
4	Great staff who always greet you as you walk in with a prompt "Welcome to Firehouse!" The subs are very good. They didn't get 5 stars from me because I prefer toasted to warmed bread, but that did not stop the subs from being delicious. Both times I have been there, I had the Veggie sub with everything on there (I forget to ask for no mayo!) and both times the sub was great. I look forward to my next venture over there.
4	I got a meatball sub from this location, and it was excellent.  Location is very clean, and staff was very friendly.  They have an online ordering option, so my food was ready to go as soon as I arrived.The only negative is that is a bit pricey.  Over $10 for a 12 inch sub and beverage.  Not a ripoff since the food was very good, but still a little higher than I'd like to be paying for a sandwich.
4	Went to this place at lunchtime and it was packed! The staff was very friendly and upbeat, great atmosphere.  Everything on the menu looked so good, but I ended up with the new york steamer, regular sized.  Don't get me wrong, the sub was delicious, but nothing I would go out of my way for.  However, their hot sauce variety was excellent- I forgot what it was called, but the hot sauce with chunks of tomatoes(?) was to die for!  I tried my friend's club on a sub which I liked better than the steamer.  I'll have to try a different sub and write a review on it next time.
4	Great subs with a good price
4	I love this place! It's a cute place to bring kids. They will get a fire hat and can take a look at the real fire suits and helmets too. They one thing that drives me crazy about this place is that you can't get a kids sandwich on wheat bread. So I always have to order the kiddos an adult sandwich since I don't feed them white bread. Kind of a bummer.
3	So this was my second trip to firehouse. The first time I was not happy with my order. I got the sub with turkey and mushrooms. This time I got the smoke house cheddar sub. It was good, I put the house hot sauce on it which made it better. As of now I dont see it being that great. Though there are a few other items I want to try. The steamer looks real good. Firehouse is a good alternative to a subway. But isn't something right now that I would go out of my way for.
4	Yum! I'd give it a five if they sold beer.
3	Tried this place out for lunch,  as people around me were craving to go there. Don't know if CA have Firehouse Subs, but it was my first. I had #1 Hook and Ladder. I guess the big thing about this place is that they steam the subs (?) . I didn't see this place being that special. although it was good, maybe little better than Quiznos. The funny thing was that the local Firefighters were there for lunch. They must get discounts or something. Lol
2	Maybe I went on an off day but I was not happy with my sub. I think I ordered an Italian Sub. What I got was a soggy sub which I didn't even finish half of it. I have heard people rave about this place but I don't see it.If you are in Chandler and you are craving a deli sandwich just go to Jason's Deli. I'm not saying they are great (almost no sandwich shops are) but that's your best bet unless you really want to feel like you could have made your meal at home, which happens at Jason's Deli too...
4	The food was great but over priced. The placed was packed yet the service was exceptional which is a rare combination. I would definitely recommend this place place to my friends just remember to save up before you stop in.
5	Best subs in the world.  Melt in your mouth.  Tremendous service.
2	So about a week or so ago I tried this Sub Shop. The people were very nice, although robotic in their welcome to Firehouse  Subs Yell. I liked the fact that you got a pickle with your sandwich. But the bread tasted like day old bread. This is not acceptable. It really wasnt worth the money.
5	First, let me just say that I believe Firehouse Subs is by far the best sandwich shop in the world, and the New York Steamer (with extra meat, twice toasted) is quite possibly the single greatest accomplishment that mankind can ever hope to achieve.Also, I am in no way affiliated with Firehouse Subs, though opening up a shop would probably be the greatest thing ever. I would be in absolute heaven if I could eat a sandwich from Firehouse Subs for every meal, every day, for the rest of my life. I am reviewing this location in Chandler, AZ because; 1) I am moving to Phoenix so I will soon be a frequent diner, and 2) the service is absolutely perfect. I have been to this specific location four times, though I lived next to one in Florida for two years and have consumed more sandwiches from that Firehouse location than most people would consume in their lifetime (at any sandwich shop). The staff is extremely nice (the gentleman that made my sandwich even remembered my name and sandwich order, after only the first visit!; granted I returned the same day, but still :P), and the shop was clean, and there was plenty of staff to take my order quickly.My sandwich (the New York Steamer, which I usually always order; though I have had all their sandwiches plenty of times), was absolutely perfect and tasted just like I remembered in Florida. The sweet and savory steamed meat, cheese, and sauces lovingly placed between the two slices of toasted bread form a taste unlike any other. The bread is amazing; it's soft, yet toasted enough to where it crackles when grasping the sub, and the process of steaming the meat releases flavors that are unmatched at any other sandwich establishment. I have no issues stating that Firehouse Subs is the absolute best sandwich shop in existence. If you disagree, well, enjoy your inferior subs...more Firehouse for me!If you are looking for an awesome place to eat, look no further than Firehouse Subs.
5	The BEST subs I've ever had, hands down. The bread is always perfect, the ingredients are fresh and the staff always welcomes you when you walk in. While the wait is a little on the longer side(I'd say on par with Cheeba Hut) the time waiting is well spent. The menu is extensive, and I would recommend getting your sub "fully involved" which means that it has all the fixins.
4	Great subs, with their very own cherry limeade blend drink at the soda fountain (with fresh lemons to go with it!).  The subs are toasty, with fresh ingredients and quality meat.  Although the cherry limeade is nice in that it's a unique feature of the restaurant, it tastes a bit too kool-aid sweet to me.  I love the selection of various hot sauces (Dave's insanity sauce, Cheech's brand, even an Elvis brand, etc.) that you can choose from to liven up your sandwich.
5	Firehouse Subs in Chandler is AMAZING!!! My family and I go there all the time! The staff is super nice and the owner is awesome and friendly! They steam your sandwich once ordered and it's so yummy and fresh! I would recommend this sub shop to all of my friends! My son is almost 2 and loves the kids meal there as well!! Thanks Firehouse Subs! We love you!
5	I love Firehouse Subs.  Soooo delicious!I'm a regular here because it's close by.  Even if I wasn't close, I'd still be a regular.  I haven't had a bad sub or bad service here yet (knock on wood).  Love the sub card they have, too.  I always enjoy it when a place rewards me for eating there on a regular basis.They just added a touch screen fountain pop machine, too, which I thought was cool since I'm a computer nerd.It's not the cheapest place on earth, but that's my only gripe.
4	OMG SO DANG DELISH!!!! I never knew this place existed and it's just right up the street from me!! There are so many sandwiches I wanted to try but I ordered the New York Steamer Sub which has corned beef brisket & pastrami with melted provolone, that right there is heaven on bread!!  I have to say I am huge Jimmy John's fav, but Firehouse just might be my new number 1.  They even have this touch screen soda machine which I thought I was pretty nifty, I think it boasted 101 different types of drinks; it's a Coke machine, so except coke products but be amazed by all that it does offer.  Service was great, place was great! Gotta go back and try other sandwiches now!
4	Killer subs! New York Steamer was full of win. Get it double toasted for sure. Double meat not necessary!
5	This is a cool little place. Nice room and GREAT drink selection. The sub i got was amazing. I got the large and ate half.. i wasnt to hungry tho.
2	Located right off of Ray and 101, there isn't much parking around here at lunchtime.  It gets a little busy and crowded inside, especially the line for the Coca Cola Freestyle.  Prices are also a little high for the value considering meat quality and quantity.  The lettuce is well shredded from the corporate offices.  I've been here a few times because a friend works nearby so we've met here.  I wouldn't drive here out of my way when there are better alternatives on the other side of 101 or down on Chandler Boulevard.  Staff here is pretty welcoming and not just when you walk in.
3	If your a man, this is your sammich shop!!! Its a bit pricey but it seems like most of the sammich places now a days are. The hubby loves this place. He always get "The Hero" which he claims is named after him. I tend to get the same thing at most sammich shops which is a turkey sammich, smoked turkey breast in Firehouses case. I will say that this is a decent sammich. The bread and other ingredients always seem to be fresh. However, its not one of those places that I crave for some reason. Honestly, I think I prefer Jimmy Johns. Firehouse is not bad though and the atmosphere is cute, kinda like an old firehouse (imagine that!). They also have some good chocolate chip cookies    :)
5	NY steamer and coke freestyle machine = perfect lunch any day!
5	One of the best sub shops hands down. Love the way they steam the subs, make them taste freaking delicious.Really there isn't any sub on the menu you can't go wrong with. Average prices and the "Welcome to Firehouse" never gets old.Give it a go and head to Firehouse!
5	Always SO friendly, even when.customers are jerks... They don't take tips, instead they donate the extra change to the Chandler Fire Dept. The food is awe-some! Everything I've ever gotten is great (The Engineer, The Club, The Steamer, The Hook&Ladder). The sandwiches are always loaded and they come out fast.
5	WOW! That is all
3	I honestly don't even know why I'm writing a review considering I'm not a huge sandwich fan. I came here the other day with my bf and I felt very rushed to order. I ended up getting what I get every where else which was a turkey sandwich with everything on it, EXCEPT TOMATOES. My bf got a cheesy beefy type sandwich and it was super delicious. Mine wasn't too bad...but they put tomatoes on it -__- i wouldn't have cared so much if I wasn't having such a shitty day! But thumbs up for the subs!  Would I come eat here again? Yes :) & tip: try to not be so forgetful sandwich workers ;)
4	Having lunch with a girlfriend, and came to the another place to eat in the same area  that had closed.  We decided to walk down and check out Firehouse subs.  We walked into the place, and the very 1st thing I noticed was the YUMMY smell.  The staff was very friendly, and happy to suggest their favorites.  I decided to give the turkey sandwich a try.  I have to say that it's the first time in a while that I had turkey on a sandwich that actually tasted like turkey.  Most places it has a generic vague flavor and all the meats basically taste alike.  NOT HERE.  Both of us throughly loved our sandwiches.  I also checked out the super cool soda machine.  Couldn't believe all the options.  Plan on eating here again!
5	Let me just start by saying YUMMMMMMM! We happened to be in the area and stopped in to give it a try, the employees were very friendly and greeted us immediately. I ordered the Italian (#4) and it was probably the best hot Italian sub I have ever had all the way down to the dressing that had a hint of sweetness to it. The sub was perfectly assembled the bread was crusty and warm but still soft and fluffy, the variety of meats was layered nicely topped with veggies and melted provolone(yumm). My fiance had the New York Steamer (#3) which was very tasty as well, it was stacked with corned beef brisket and pastrami topped with melted provolone and then touch of mustard just enough to give it that zing! We will definitely be coming back here!!!!
4	I absolutely love the New York Steamer sandwich, but when I went in today to place my order, I was distracted by the cashier inquiring about my adorable grand-daughter (who I was holding) and I guess I said Engineer instead of Steamer.Imagine my disappointment when I peeled back the wrapper to reveal turkey and mushrooms instead of corned beef and pastrami.  Fighting back tears of defeat, I sunk my teeth into my tender regret.  You know, it was pretty good.  But next time I'll write down my order and just hand it to the cashier.
4	Craving a delicatessan style sandwich and not finding one in our area. So we popped into Firehouse Subs on a Saturday afternoon and they were hopping busy. Gave our order to the friendly clerk and waited (and waited and waited and waited) for our order. The sammies were quite good and definitely worth the wait. Soft bread roll and a tasty turkey sandwich. The dill pickle was crisp and cold. Would I stop in here again, you bet I would. But... I'm still craving that deli sandwich.
3	Since I just referenced Firehouse in my review for Planet Sub, I thought I better come on over here and write my review.  At Firehouse the food gets 5 stars.  The rest of the process is what makes it a 3.  Their brisket sub is mouth-wateringly delicious and the brownies are perfect perfect perfect, but every time I go there it's a total C.F. and really crowded and I'm more stressed out when I leave, so I save that one for when I'm already stressed out and sweaty.   I've been there several times and still don't understand the flow of traffic in there and then you'll have a family of 8 who all goes up to the register and the soda machine (stroller in tow) and basically brings everything to a halt.  I'll still patronize Firehouse, but I'll take a shot of whiskey beforehand because I feel like I've been working on the floor of the NY Stock Exchange when I finally get out of there.  I've even tried going at non-peak hours and it's better, but still a slightly frustrating experience.
5	I had a #10.  It was thin sliced beef brisket.  It was amazing and in a non gay way I loved every minute of that beef in my mouth.  I keep thinking about that meat.  That meat is on my mind all the time.  Try it
5	Love this place!  Always greeted when entering, and love helping out the firefighters.  The King Hawaiian Sandwich with pulled pork and slaw is awesome.  The pickles are awesome, and love the Coke Freestyle machine that they use.  Overall great lunch place.
3	I've been thinking to stop by forever so I finally did.I'll keep this review short and simple. It's OK. If you're around, give it a shot (there's not much in that side of the 101) but don't drive more than 2 miles for that. Just saying.
2	I don't understand the hype!  The bread was ok, but they use over processed Smithfield Ham!  I can buy that at the grocery store.  Their mayo tasted funny, too!  Never going back!
5	This place is the bomb!  Best meatball sub I've ever had in my life.  Cannot tell you how many times I have ate at this place, its very relaxed, great food, & reasonable pricing.  Their brownies & cookies are both very good & they have the softest bread of any sub place I've ever been to.  Will always eat here when suggested & would recommend this place to anyone inquiring.
5	I think these guys have one of the best hot subs around. I differentiate hot and cold subs because they are completely different sandwiches. There are places in town that have great cold subs but Firehouse has one of the best hot subs around.I don't think there is a bad one on the menu. I love the Italian and the New York Steamer with corned beef and pastrami but the meatball, turkey bacon ranch, club, Engineer are all great.Every time you walk in you are greeted. Now granted sometimes are more exuberant than others. Sometimes you get WELCOME TO FIREHOUSE! and sometimes you get WELCOME to fireh... but you are greeted. Even after that they still remain friendly. They will explain things if you have never been there before or if you have questions. It is always nice and clean and the soda machine is never running low.The one little knock against them is the price. It is a little expensive but so worth it. So much better than some $5 piece of junk. Every once in awhile you get a craving and it is a nice indulgence. It also makes you feel good to round up your order and donate the change to firefighters. I like that little touch too and think more people should do it. Sure it is just change but it is going toward a great cause.I will keep coming back and have a hard time picking which sandwich I want because they are all so good.They get an extra point for having a Coke Freestyle machine. Those are the best.
5	This was my 2nd time having Firehouse Subs and I really liked it, just as I did the first time I tried it. I love everything, from the friendly chant of "Welcome to Firehouse!" from the employees when you walk through the door, to the atmosphere, the food, and of course, the Coke Freestyle on their soda machine. I enjoy creating my own drink concoctions. I had the Sliced Chicken Breast sandwich on wheat and it was delicious. Also got the large drink, a bag of chips, and a brownie for dessert. For the money, I found it to be a great deal and I would definitely recommend Firehouse Subs to anyone looking for a new place to try.
5	I've had Firehouse 3 times now and have yet to be disappointed.  I've had the NY Steamer, the Club and now the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket.  The Brisket is the best sandwich I've had so far.  The BBQ sauce was warm & tangy with ample amounts of cheddar & beef.  Today was the first time eating in their store and the staff was very much on top of things and the store was very clean.  Of all nationwide chains, I think I have to rate Firehouse Subs right up there if not the best.  I took a bite of my wife's chicken salad sandwich and it was just as good.  That will be the next sandwich I bless my stomach with.
5	Excellent food, great friendly service. I have finally found a great sandwich, better than Chompies.
5	Yum! Went there today for the first time and loved it. My parents have been raving about the one in Las Vegas, so they were excited to take us there. The subs were amazing, and there were a ton of sauce options on the counter (which I LOVE!). I even splurged for a brownie, which I never do at sandwich shops, but it was so tasty!  The service was also wonderful, I could tell the staff was all happy to work there and they really made it a point to make their customers feel welcome.
5	Firehouse Subs DONATED over 1000 subs during the days following the Yarnell disaster to the evacuees, the Red Cross, the Az Humane Society and incident command leaders.  They not only made this incredible donation of food, but even rented a truck to make these deliveries.  The food was incredible and I will have no problem making the drive from Glendale to Chandler for good food and such giving people. Thanks Scott for caring and making a difference for so many people!   Joy
4	I would give this place 5 stars but every time I do yelp thinks its fake.  This place is great and fast.  People are always very nice.  It's fast enough I can run over there and grab lunch on my 30 min break.
4	This was my first visiting a firehouse sub and I live down the street. The staff has great customer service and very welcoming. It's pretty tough to find parking when I went during lunchtime, but that's manageable. The sandwiches were good, but for the prices it should be bigger!  Definitely a place to go for a quick place to eat during lunchtime.
5	This place is great! Came in for dinner last night after hubby was pleading with me that he HAD to have the Kings Hawaiian sandwich lol.We go in and we are immediately welcomed, "welcome to firehouse!". We sit down and Barbara comes over to help us and explain the menu. She was wonderful! She told us the meats are sliced fresh twice a day and she got fire hats for the kids. They loved that!So my husband gets the Kings Hawaiian, a meatball sub for the kids, and I got a corned beef. They were all amazing! Really good meats.It is a little pricy. $6 and change for a sandwich and close to $9 for a combo. But it's quality. I also love that they have a few ways to donate to first responders. Will be back!
5	I've only had the meatball sub and the italian sub, but both of them knock the socks off the competition.  If you've never been here, you should just go and experience it for yourself!
5	I love Firehouse Subs!  The briskit and cheddar is the best.  I only wish they served fries and not just chips.
4	Last night was my first time eating Firehouse subs and I have to say I was very pleased! I don't normally like my sandwiches "hot" or "toasted" but I was willing to try their hot subs and see how they were. Let's just say I will definitely be back again!
5	I would generally give this place 4 stars, but I think I would like to add an extra star for the friendly service I received. The two times I've been here I've had the meatball and the beef brisket sandwich- very yummy. Overall I think for the price point the sandwiches are delicious and tasty. They have a lot of interesting sauces you can try for your sandwich. The overall experience is great and I will be coming back for my yummy sandwiches. This would also be a fun place to take your family to have a sub and enjoy some subs.
4	We wanted sandwiches and this is near home. My parents love this place in PA, so we decided to stop by. My lady was hesitant since sandwich places usually make a great meat sub but then skimp on the veggie people. This time not so much. She said the veggie was awesome! My kid had a meatball and loves them. I had the steamer that I think I get each time. They have maybe 40 different hot sauces in bottles to try there, so I always love that, too.
5	Stopped in here today for a first visit to this Firehouse Subs, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  I went with a large "Firehouse Hero Sub," which came with roast beef, smoked turkey breast, ham, melted Provolone, plus shredded lettuce, tomato slices, red onion & possibly more.The whole wheat bread was fresh and tasty, and every bite of this sandwich was absolutely terrific!     :-))Large Hero Sub:  $8.19
4	Firehouse Subs is delicious. You really can't go wrong here. Fresh bread, good quality cold cuts and melt in your mouth cheese. I have recently discovered the New York Steamer which is pastrami and corned beef with provolone and Italian dressing all melted together. It goes especially well with a nice chipotle sauce from the great selection of hot sauces from the counter and also some nice crunchy jalapeno kettle chips. The special choose from a bunch o' drinks coke machine is pretty cool too, although I get a little overwhelmed and never know what I want. Service has always been great and the tables are always clean even when it's busy. The best time to come during the week is 2pm-3pm to avoid the crazy lunch or dinner rush. Overall Firehouse is delicious, I will be back.
5	The brisket sandwich is mouth-wateringly delicious and I love their hot sauce selection!
4	I like Firehouse Subs for their premium tasty sandwiches, they're absolutely outstanding!  Recently I've found it somewhat harder to swallow their premium prices.Years ago, the late Clara Peller became famous for her TV commercial "Where's the Beef?", while complaining at a burger place called, "Home of the Big Bun".While Firehouse isn't that bad, they are close and Which Wich isn't too far behind either for the same reason.  I'm tired of trying to figure out who is giving out 3oz, or 4oz of deli meat on their subs.  What I truly enjoy is a creative, well made sandwich, that has er, some beef on it, or in Firehouse's case, some meat.  Quiznos went though bankruptcy, I believe because they forgot that consumers could see them weighing the meat on a scale, and then removing a slice or two when it was too much.Okay, here's my beef (pun intended).  A group of us came here for lunch and universally found our checks in the $11.00 range.  So that's a sandwich 12" long, meat, chips and a drink.  How much does a 1/4 lb of the most expensive deli meat cost at Fry's or AJ's?Sadly, we've found it easier just going to Jimmy Johns down on Chandler Boulevard, asking for double meat and paying $9.50 for the same setup.I give the manager of this location high marks for draining the liquid from the heated pastrami/corn beef NY Steamer after it came out of the oven.  I was in a Firehouse in Florida recently where they forgot to do this and the sandwich just a mushy mess.In summary, "Yes, I am a Fan" of Firehouse Subs, particularly for all the local Outreach they do for our Bravest. But I only hope they consider taking their thumb off the scale and put some real meat on those sandwiches. Enjoy!
5	Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing need I say more
3	I tried this place out on the recommendations of the Chandler Fire people I work with, since they offered a free sub on your birthday, and yesterday was my birthday. I tried the Engineer, which is smoked turkey with grilled mushrooms. It was good, but a little small for an almost $7 sandwich. I had the medium and it was only slightly larger than a hot dog bun, but the ingredients were fresh and good. The service was a little slow considering they had 7 people behind the counter, and a manger greeting people. I took more than10 minutes to get my sandwich, and since I was in line for 5 minutes that doesn't leave much time to eat if you're on a half hour lunch break.
5	#8 Engineer turkey and mushrooms; it is a great sandwich.  The bread makes or breaks a good deli.  Excellent white hoagie bread. I am a fan.The kids sandwiches come with a rice krispy treat (used to be oreos) along with soda and chips.  The soda machine offers dozens of varieties.   So many flavors of Hi C for the kids.Always a friendly staff.  Tables inside and out.
5	These guys are the absolute best. The sandwiches speak for themselves but the service is the best in the valley. It's definitely the exception to the rule the way these guys go out of their way to help out and treat their customers right. Above and beyond - they have me as a life time customer. Thank you!
5	The thing that really sets Firehouse Subs apart from its competitors is its amazing service. Even over the noon hour--the busiest time of day--at least one employee greets you at the door. Everyone who works there is cheerful and courteous. They deliver the food to your table, And the food arrives quickly.The food is consistently flavorful. Their menu is standardized, so if you want a sub made your way, you would be better off at Subway. They will leave off certain ingredients if you ask, but the options are limited. I don't mind this because it makes the line go quicker. You don't wait 20 minutes for the people in front of you to pick their ingredients.The soda machine with 200+ flavors is way cool. One benefit is that there is normally a single line behind the machine. You don't have people crashing into or cutting in front of each other as happens with traditional soda fountains. I happened to talk recently with a fellow who works for Coca-Cola. He said these machines cost around $17,000, so any business that has at least one of them must be doing well.The cashier always asks whether you would like to round up your purchase to the next dollar to benefit the Firehouse Public Safety Foundation. Normally, I dislike it when cashiers ask you to donate to the store's favorite cause because I already give to my own favorite causes. However, I always say "yes" at Firehouse because donating to first responders is definitely a good cause, assuming that the money goes where they say it does.As other reviewers have mentioned, the food is pricey. For a few dollars more, you could get a decent meal at a sit-down restaurant.Sadly, I no longer eat at Firehouse Subs because I recently became a vegetarian, and they don't offer a vegetarian option. I'm sure they would leave the meat off one of their salads on request, but when I go to a sub place, I want a sub. So I eat at Subway instead, even though the quality, service, and atmosphere are lacking by comparison.If you are carnivorous, I highly recommend Firehouse Subs.UPDATE:After posting this as a four-star review, a representative of Firehouse Subs private messaged me to address a few of the concerns I expressed above. She informed me that they do indeed have a vegetarian sub on the menu. She also explained more about the Firehouse Public Safety Foundation.Since posting the original review, I have returned to Firehouse Subs in Chandler twice. Each time I ordered the veggie sub. The reason I wasn't aware of it earlier is that it is not on the big menu behind the counter. I found it listed only on a small revolving menu on the countertop. I would suggest that they do more to promote the veggie sub because it's good. It is much more flavorful than its counterpart at Subway. If you order The Works and ask them to skip the mayo, it's fairly healthy.Also, I want to clarify that in the original review, I did not mean to imply that their Foundation is shady. I was simply trying to be objective, i.e., I did not want to state something I could not verify. After learning more about the Foundation and reading more about it on the Internet, I think it's well respected and does great work. Certainly, there are few causes more important than helping first responders.Primarily because I like their veggie sub, I have upped my original rating to five stars. I may be taking some risk in doing so because Yelp seems to be more likely to filter five-star reviews. But I believe the rating was earned.
4	This is my third time here and I love grilled chicken so naturally I ordered a custom grilled chicken strip sub. It is amazing! And it tastes the same every time! Just don't get the deli mustard. Bleh... The staff is great also and they have all the hot sauce you could ever want!
4	First of all, kudos to a sandwich shop for being open until 10 pm. I was very impressed with my first firehouse subs experience and have been very satisfied with my repeat visits. The subs are always delicious and best served nice and hot. Their meatballs are fantastic and my picky one year old daughter loves them. My wife and I find the mustard that they use to be way too strong and tends to overpower the sandwich. We always ask for our subs without the mustard, but maybe that's just us. The service has been great and they have been very helpful meeting the dining needs of my little ones every time. Bonus points for having the coke freestyle machine, but where's the ginger ale?!?!?!Love this place. We will be returning often.
1	It's a great place to wait 20 minutes plus for an incorrect sandwhich. Don't bother informing the manager Barbara either. She'll insist she personally made the sandwhich and made the order as it appears on your receipt which is still not true. It was ridiculous how the manager was not very customer friendly. Would have loved this place if we got an apology instead of a defensive manager. Waste of time. Also plan to wait and watch other and larger food orders go out before yours as they ordered after you. Won't be going back to this location.
5	I absolutely love this place because there are a few things about firehouse subs that stands out from the rest of the other sub places. First of all, i've always had great customer service, the employees are always helpful and not so rude like some of the people i've seen at nearby sub places. The subs are flavorful, I actually want to go get one right now because just the thought of it makes me crave them. I always get the italian sub, they put in the works and boom you got a juicy sub with lots of flavor. There is just some kind of sauce in it that drips while Im eating it, whatever it is, its delicious. Don't miss out on these great subs my fellow yelpers!
1	My wife and I have been going to Firehouse Subs for the past 2- 1/2 years.  I usually order the New York Steamer which was excellent.   Not in my last visit.  It seems that Firehouse Subs has changed its' meat vendor.  The corned beef in the sandwich looked more like ham than corned beef and it was tasteless.  My wife also commented that the ham in her sandwich was sweeter than it used to be.  It looks like we will not be patronizing Firehouse Subs any longer.
1	What a joke. I ordered three 8 inch meatball subs but when we got home they were all 6 inches.  Rip off.... too much money for a crappie deal.
3	Good food, clean and friendly service. The prices are a little  high for what you get, but this is one place everyone in our family can agree on.
5	Firehouse Subs is most certainly in my list of top 3 chains to go to for a sub sandwich! (The other two are Quiznos and Jersey Mikes! DO NOT GO TO SUCKWAY oops Subway or Jimmy Johns they are horrible!) Anyway, if you see either Firehouse, Quiznos or Jersey Mikes it be well worth the stop! Might be a little bit more then Subway- but your getting a better sandwich!
5	Always a great place to eat, all of their sandwhiches are great!!! I love that they are all warm and served with a pickle. Never have issues at this location.
