4	This place has a nice, neighborhood tavern atmosphere and a great menu.  The ribs were excellent!  My advice is to stay away from the fried ice cream for dessert; it's not very good.A good menu, great prices, nice wait staff.
3	Tavern on the Tracks has friendly servers and great food.  It has the atmosphere of a sports bar but the menu of a quality restaurant.  On the top of my list are the "Steak in the Grass" sandwich, the chicken terriyaki, and the grilled chicken sandwich (with buffalo sauce on the side!).  In warmer weather, the patio is great for lunch.
4	This place has the best chicken wings.  Try them!
3	I headed here with my momma one night to grab a bite to eat. We got a seat outside on the patio, so I was happy. It was my 1st time here so I didn't know what to expect, but was pretty happy with the place.I never went inside, so I can't speak to that, but the patio was nice & had some tvs as well. It was trivia night while we were there & the questions were really difficult to hear outside, so my mom & I decided not to play.Anyways, the food here was a little better than I expected. I was thinking sports bar food just from the look of the place, but they actually have a pretty good menu with plenty of intriguing options. The food is above average, & you'll pay a pretty decent price, but it's well worth it on the patio.I didn't know what to expect from Tavern On The Tracks at first; I mainly thought sports bar with average food. But I was surprised at how good the food was & how nice the patio atmosphere was. I can't speak to what the inside is like, but patio seating is a nice relaxing atmosphere to enjoy on a nice night.
4	Another great lunch spot! They do have the best wings!! (Gold Rush Flavored)The service is here nor there but the food is always exceptional. For the most part The Steak Salad and the Grilled cheese are always good I also get the Steak in the grass just to mix it up a bit!! A good Sports Bar
4	A  Buffalo NY inspired bar conveniently located within walking distance from my apartment.  As other reviewers have said it has a chill neighborhood tavern vibe and the outdoor patio is pretty sweet for some nice weather outdoor lounging. A big plus for me was finding a decent "beef on weck" in the south!
3	Sunday lunch crowd was a little sparse.  So we were there with a 10+ table, and our order was right behind theirs.  So the food took a little longer than expected, and the black and bleu burger was a bit drier, and not med-well like ordered.  A-OK.
3	So a graduate from UB moves next door to a Buffalo bar- some call it fate... I have been to Tavern on the Tracks a mere three times and had vastly different experiences.1st- The Sabres were playing and I needed wings ...oh and Blue Light. The bar was crowded and filled with Buffalo transplants. The cheers were obnoxiously wonderful- kind of like you were back home in HSBC arena. The wings were Duffs inspired. Crispy check. Franks Red Hot Sauce based check. Overall I felt for an instant I was 10 hours away. 2nd - The second experience was unlike the first although great none-the-less. I enjoyed literally one of the best Bloody Mary's I have ever had on the patio with my friend. It was a beautiful sunny day and the patio was filled with a fun younger crowd. If you're in need of a Sunday afternoon Bloody Mary you can't get much better than this! 3rd- One would think the third time would be a charm but not in this case. All started off well - I ordered one of those delicious Bloody Mary's (granted it was more of an end of the evening drink-but I couldn't resist) and again, it was delicious.My friend ordered a glass of wine. Her wine was corked - and while they did offer to open a new bottle she decided to give up and focus on food. She ordered a mini veggie pizza (TOT is not the best place for a vegetarian)... and my other friend asked the waiter how large the portion of calamari was (to which he responded we had more than enough food for three people)- so she ordered that. The food took forever- but it was late night so we patiently waited knowing that maybe the fryers took awhile to heat or what not. Granted Buffalo pizza in my opinion, is not very good - my friends pizza was much much worse. I have tasted better things out of the freezer. The dough itself was scarily white -looking almost uncooked. The veggies were not cooked- just overall the pizza was a mess. The calamari was in a word-scary. The portion was super small - when we asked the waiter about this he snootily said " well Ive had plenty of women eat it as their meal"...I mean my friends and I are not behemoth ...and since one is a vegetarian it was only two of us eating it anyway- I just thought it was a very rude comment. The calamari are kept whole- meaning you are eating a tiny little fried creature with a body and tentacles ...it was a little much for me.  The sauce was an Asian sauce that was way too sweet so if you do order the calamari ask for marinara -as it was much better with that. Overall I am going to call the third experience a fluke- and keep going back for wings- and Bloody Marys.
2	Its been a while since I've been here but the last time I was there the beer was not cold at all and the staff just didn't seem that interested in making sure you had a great experience. I love the location but not sure when I'd go back.
3	Considering Tavern On the Tracks is just a hop, skip and crawl away from my house, it is indeed A-OK for me. As the other reviewers said, the patio is pretty vast and a nice stop in the warmish months. This particular bar gets a ton of Panthers traffic before and after the game, which can be irritating if you just want to grab a sandwich on a Sunday night. But hey, they didn't invent football! That being said, the service can be spotty after a game considering the servers are doing their best to, um, cater to the drunkoids on the patio. Besides the overall environment, though, I've had some pretty good eats and drinks here. The drinks are pretty standard - full bar and a multitude of brew options (mostly big brand beer here). I have been fairly impressed with their eats, though! The Toasted Ravioli is just smashing before or after you're smashed. This is important, folks - yes, it tastes good even if you're not drinking. I've also enjoyed the Turkey Pita and the delicious berry mayonnaise that accompanies it. TOTT, a solid place to grab a bite, watch a game or just watch the hammered Panthers fan take down a bucket of beer and a messy burger. That's entertainment, for sure!
4	I recently went to Tavern on The Tracks for dinner....at a table not at the bar....so I had the chance to experience a real meal as opposed to their wings that I normally nosh on while sitting at the bar. Was I surprised! I thought this place was good for just bar food but they had an awesome appetizer selection (the hot peppers were terrific) along with steaks and pasta that was out of this world. I wasn't expecting much from their entree selection but was pleasantly surprised by the flavor on the steak along with the spicy cajun pasta they offered. IThis is the bar to go to if you're a Michigan or Bills fan ---get their early as it fills up (sometimes you don't even have room to stand comfortably)or if you're just looking to get you're drink on after work for some beers ($3 pints on Fridays). They have a spacious wrap around bar with good views of the tv's and a nice porch. Easily accessible from the Light Rail but sometimes parking can be a pain in the butt.
3	Tavern on Tracks...great location off the light rail with an outdoor patio and parking! Busy on game day and at lunch. Plenty of TV's, including on the patio, though the ones on the patio are the old "boob tube" type. Typical bar menu, but more in depth than others. Lots of sandwiches AND salads. Great wings and a great beer selection. Had a recent issue with a to-go order, but it was rectified. Just make sure you keep an eye out for your order if you're at the bar. Overall...a nice neighborhood pub w/food.
3	I frequent this place for lunch when its warm enough to walk over from the office.  The food has always been tasty  - I suggest a salad they are fresh, huge, and delicious.  Its not the cheapest option for lunch but they will get you in and out of there and you will be satisfied.This is also a great place to grab a drink after work, for the game, with a crowd any occasion really - I like this bar and the staff is friendly. Enjoy!
3	I was out on a Thurs night with some friends who were hungry and it was a little late for most establishments.  Luckily the Tavern was close and open.  It seems like a respectable and friendly place.  They have classic bar food options - and push beyond burgers and sandwiches with entrees like Salmon.  The atmosphere is good to hang out and watch some sporting events with friends or just chill and talk.  I did not partake in the food, but my friends were satiated and seemed to generally like what they got.  The only hiccup was some mashed potatoes that weren't heated up enough.
3	I really want to like this place. It's close to my house. It's got a great setup, both indoor and outdoor seating and a good view of the city. And I like places with Tavern in their name. But I just can't get past the mediocre-ness of this place. The food is decent, and I've had a variety of entrees and apps. They claim to have a wide beer selection, though it's not listed on their online menu so who knows. And I've gotten respectable service every time I've been. It just doesn't wow me. Last time I was there, they played Britney Spears followed by more equally crappy 90's music. And it was not Ironic 90's Music Flashback Night, as far as I could tell. Maybe if I was a Bills fan, or from Buffalo, it would make me feel like home, but I'm not and it doesn't.The one thing saving them from a 2-star review is the fact that they serve their full menu until 2 am. Put me walking distance away from some spinach queso and a cold beer when all other kitchens have long been closed, and I can put up with Britney. But just barely.
4	Pleasantly surprised by the food here.  Came on a Monday night so it was a little dead.  Some patrons were at the bar, but seemed like my friend and I were the only 'diners' at the time.  The wait staff was friendly and the food came out pretty quick.  I had a cup of chili (since it was cold) and some of the hand breaded chicken fingers in garlic hot sauce.  REALLY good!Originally I was going to order my two picks separately, but the waiter advised me to get the combo which was cheaper and came with fries.  I always believe it's a good sign when people are trying to help you save money or get more bang for your buck [within reason]... I know at movie theaters they try to sell you more popcorn for a smaller amount $, but it's already high to start with!  No dice!Back to Tavern.  I only really went here to drink and go out, but I'd say this is a solid 3.5 stars as far as eating goes as well.
4	It's probably a safe bet that I've spent more money and more time at Tavern on the Tracks than any other bar or restaurant in Charlotte.  It used to be a once a week spot (at a minimum) for me.  My review may be slightly biased, as I now know the owners and I know several of the employees quite well due to the time spent there.  The thing that Tavern does the best is food.  They have, in my opinion, the best bar food in Charlotte.  Some bars do one or two things well, but Tavern's menu is varied and every item on that menu that I've eaten has been consistently good.  The food is the reason I go back.  The beer selection is just OK, but the food is where it's at.  If you've just moved from upstate NY and are joining the 3/4 of Charlotte's population that is also from upstate NY, then this is the bar for you.  You can watch the Bills, the Sabres, the Yankees and drink Labatt Blue to your heart's content.  You can find beef on weck and delicious stuffed banana peppers.  If you're a fan of the University of Michigan this is the place for you on Saturday afternoons during football season.  It is the home of Charlotte's chapter of U of M boosters.  There is a stuffed wolverine on display at Tavern to show their love of Big Blue.  There seems to be a pretty quick turnover of servers here.  The really good servers stay and become great bartenders or get the busy shifts on the weekends.  Service can sometimes be an issue here, but it's never so poor that I avoid eating here.  Menu highlights for me are the stuffed banana peppers, the fried ravioli, the meatball sub and the black bean burger on a pita.
5	Best wings in Charlotte, hands down!!  Awesome bleu cheese to with them and great fries.  My wife got the Friday Fish Fry and said it was fantastic, and the cole slaw was outstanding.Also serve Beef on Weck, which my dad approved of.Great place for Buffalo transplants!  Was great to watch the Sabres beat the Flyers in OT there.......
3	This is definitely a townie bar.  Because of the apartments next door, it's almost like Cheers on some nights- just a bunch of regulars sitting around drinking.  This bar is definitely not trendy.  Personally, I like it that way.  The food is good, the drinks are cheap, and if you live in the South End area, you can't beat the location.  Carissa is really the only bartender that's any good though.  She's the type that already has your next drink waiting for you before you've finished the one you're on.  The others are slow and kind of standoffish.  If you want a bar just to go, watch a game, grab some food, and just relax, this is a great bar to go to.  It never gets super crowded outside of the Buffalo sport nights and everyone there makes you feel right at home.  I would avoid the bar like the plague whenever teams from Buffalo are playing (unless you're a Buffalo fan), those people are obnoxious!
3	I guess this review is 2 sided.  One side for the food (great!)  The other side for the actual bar (Meh.)Food-The food is really tasty and pretty cheap.  Please order anything with blue cheese, it will change your life it is so delicious.  Chicken fingers are awesome too.  Burger is good, fries are good, bloody mary (though not a real food) is great too.  My only gripe is that they have Beef on Weck which is a total Buffalo thing but the roll the "Weck" wasn't right.  The whole point of the sandwich is to have a roll with rock salt and caraway seeds, this had neither.  Fail. Bar-As a sports bar they need better tv's to watch said sports. It's a Buffalo/Michigan (NOT Michigan State) bar which is an interesting combo.   I went to college in Buffalo so it has a little piece of my heart regardless.  My husband went to Michigan State and got the evil eye on Michigan vs. Michigan State game day when we wore his MSU shirt.I mostly go here because it is at the end of my street and laziness almost always prevails.  They have tables and tv's outside which is fun for an afternoon of game watching and drinking!
1	I'm sorry, a bar this close to Amos' and uptown that closes at 1 on a Saturday night? Some friends and I had just gotten out of a show at the Milestone and came over for a drink. It was about 5 after 1 and we were informed that they were closed and we should go to the Gin Mill. No problem buddy, I'll do that from now on.
4	Very pleasantly surprised by this joint--I had my doubts when we first arrived...Slow service AT FIRST, but once the waitstaff settled on which waitress was going to take care of us--wonderful!I went with a group of 6. Everyone got something different. I tried the 1/2 beef on weck with 6 wings (of course I'm going to get the wings). The 1/2 beef was surely a full size--it was huge! Delicious beef on a toasty bun with au jus.The wings--the wings were melt-in-your-mouth awesome. I tried the Caribbean flavor, and I instantly felt like I could hear the waves on the beach and steel drums playing. Yeah, that good! (not breaded but flash fried).The beer specials were great, $2 miller lites which everyone drank. Great for groups, to catch a game (lots of tvs), etc.
3	I've only been for a couple of drinks so far, so take my thoughts with a grain of salt.  Service was relatively quick and there was a decent beer special, but other than that I didn't really see anything that stood out about this place.First of all, the door is basically jammed, me having an ankle injury that day, didn't make my first impression that great.  I literally came shoulder first through the door.  I sat with some friends and took a couple minutes for me to get a beer.  There were some tv's and some stuff to look at, but seemed like no real substance to the place.  With so many other places to drink in the area, I think the only time I'll be here is when taking a break from Amos'.I'll give the food a try some time and update accordingly.
4	This place has moved into the 'Favorite Bar' chamber of my heart ever since Morehead Street Tavern cleared out a few months back. Having come here several times (mostly on Thursdays and after concerts), I am happy to say that this place has a very healthy balance of:Good atmosphereDecent drink specialsFriendly crowdIndoor/outdoor optionsSurprisingly good foodI know I know, that last one doesn't seem too likely, but it's true. The 'Steak in the Grass' filet sandwich with sauteed spinach is to die for. My friend also got a serious fried bologna sandwich. It was as thick as a hamburger, no joke. Though I prefer a slightly smaller and more cramped atmosphere for my drinking hovel of choice, Tavern On the Tracks took in our miserable and bedraggled happy hour crowd after the demise of Morehead like a true champ. For that and all of its other fine qualities, I will continue to raise my glass to it.
3	Great little bar to grab a bite before getting your drink on at the Gin Mill.  I love the quaint atmosphere and seriously good bar bites. We had less than stellar service on our last visit, but you know, that's not what brings me into a place like this in the first place.
4	While visiting Charlotte, we wanted to see more than just the touristy Uptown area, so our first night in town we took a stroll down to Southend and did a bit of a pub tour.  This was our first stop, as we saw their inviting patio as we were walking by (also, I'm a sucker for anything railroad themed).  We each had a local NC beer here, which were both tasty and inexpensive at $4 a pint.  Our server was very nice, and not pushy when she found out we weren't there to eat dinner, but were just having a drink and enjoying the lovely weather.  Because of that, I can't speak for the quality of the food here, but everything that went by our table both looked and smelled great.
3	Tavern on the Tracks is another good place for WNY transplants.  I don't frequent it nearly as much as I did when I lived closer.  One of the former co-owners opened a similarly themed restaurant in Fort Mill called Towne Tavern, but the menus have become more and more separated over the years since they aren't affiliated.  TOTT is a rare place for Charlotte.  It's much more of a blue collar bar than a lot of the places in the area that are more yuppyish.  The inside seems cavernous with high ceilings, a huge bar, a split level, and a big outdoor patio.  The building dates back to the early 1900s so it's rustic.  I used to see a lot of local celebrity athletes in there, but not so much anymore.  The food is mostly above par, but I think they may have expanded their menu a little too much and not everything is good.  The wings are extremely good, reminiscent of those found in WNY, but WNY's not as famous staple - the beef on weck sandwich - is not a true beef on weck.  The fish fry is inconsistent and the pizza, once served on Nirtsche's dough (a former nearby pizza place operated by WNY'ers) is now served on pre-made dough.   My wife ordered shrimp once and it smelled very foul.   There are some decent menu options though like steak in the grass.  This is normally a sandwich in WNY but the take on it here is that it is served as a filet with melted mozzarella and spinach and mashed potatoes on the side.  It's very good.  The pastas and apps have always been halfway decent too.My recommendation is too check the Buffalo Bills and Sabres schedule and stay away when they're playing.  The parking can be very tight, so use the light rail if that's an option (that is why it's called Tavern on the Tracks).  There are some train themes going on in there too.  When an order is ready, a whistle sounds, and they also have a drink called "Wreck of the Ole' 97."Tavern on the Tracks is definitely a decent place to hang out, have some drinks, and eat some decent bar food.   If you're a Buffalo transplant, have the wings here, but go to Lebowski's for beek on weck and haddock fish fry's.
4	If I was basing this review purely on the fact that I am from Buffalo, I would have given it 5 stars!  What better way to spend a beautiful Fall Sunday than the patio, sipping on the largest $5 bloody mary, and cheering for the Bills!?  They also have great specials on Labatt Blue.  They have some Buffalo Classics like Beef and weck and fried bologna sandwich.  I have to say, I was disappointed by their "buffalo wings".  They were severely lacking in sauce and they were very mild in spice.  The meatball sub was very tasty though...redeemed.  Advice to other fans:  This is a Bills bar.  You will not find another game, and I really wouldn't take your chances asking.  If you want a seat in the bar, I suggest you get their long before the game begins as this place get PACKED.
2	Being an Ohio State FANatic.. and living here in Charlotte, Home of the Friendly Fans. A group of 3 or 5 of us went (Me being a OSU, a few others MichiCan't fans and another being a Carolina fan)Since I know how the fanmanship (if thats a word) goes around this city, I had no worries that I would run into any trouble. Anyway, my buddy goes here alot (MichiCan't fan). HIGH PRICED DRINKSThe crowd inside was cool, (I love the tension, and the back and forth w/ other teams fans)The food was ok. Just look at the "app" part of the menu. Seemed kinda all over the place. Is this a Sports bar or some check "mid scale" knock off?I think i had a beer and a shot, after I sawed my left arm off and gave it to the bartender, I made a exit to a OSU bar (Strike City). I didn't get any drinks from there so it was cool. Knowing my buddies they probably added a drink to my tab since i'm on enemy grounds. Over all, its a ok place, kinda pricey IMO.
4	It's like stepping into the set of Cheers, only this place is for real. This absolutely has to be the best burger in Charlotte if you like them big and juicy. The many who like their meat brown/black and dry may not agree. They cooked it the way I wanted for once (hint hint) I have mine plain, no cheese just a dab of mustard. Perfect not greasy either.  Got to be chopped sirloin not the usual ground chuck. The fries were excellent too. The menu looks interesting and very reasonably priced for meat eaters. Very cool joint I only wish it was located in my neighborhood, I definitely would be a regular.
4	This place had cheap Yuengling, Jager specials, and they were willing to put on the Rangers game. Any bar that does that and gets me messed up on a Monday night is fine with me. If you are a fan of Buffalo sports and Michigan football, you will dig this place. They have menu items like beef on weck for the transplanted Western New Yorkers. The bartender was friendly, didn't give me any trouble about the Rangers, and kept the drinks coming. If the same happens for you, fortunately the light rail is close by.
3	Stopped in here with several friends a few weeks back during a weeknight and was pleased with the service.  I think I would like to visit more often but it's just not THAT convenient to uptown really.  I wasn't floored by the drink specials either.  All in all it's a fine spot to grab a few beers and anchor down for a while.
3	First trip here was unsuccessful. I just can't gvie any bar under 3 stars though because they have alcholol. The place was ok, this is definitely more the type of place to sit down, have a few drinks, and watch a game.  The bartenders were really nice, but probably because there was only 8 of us at the bar.  What was a turnoff though was there was the news on three channels.  If I am at a bar, I don't want the damn news to come one for one specific reason.  This reason being the idiot nexto ime will engage me in a conversation about whatever crappy story is on the news.  I don't want to discuss I485 construction, kitty fashion shows, or politics. So bars, please never have the news on tv. There is no dance floor and I didn't hear any music.  I will try again and hopefully it will be filled with more people.
5	I have been going to this bar on and off for about 5 years. Its in a great location. I feel safe if I go alone. The food is awesome considering you are at the bar. The staff is great. When they see me walk in they automatically know what beer to pour me. The people who go to this bar are very friendly. The age range of people who typically come here are 21-60. They also have a great patio all year around!
3	Salads are pretty good. My sister LOVES their steak salad. And the chicken salad is pretty good although it was pretty chewy the last time....I do like how they chop up each veggie as opposed to throwing a huge mound on top of the lettuce that you have to repeatedly cut up in order to eat.Usually we get takeout from here. I did venture in one time to pick up our order and was left standing for quite some time. Did not appreciate this and now that I think about it, I havent been back since. Meh!
4	A solid four stars!!  The menu is traditional, not many surprises but the preparation transcends the pub locale and its price point as well.  I've eaten there a few times now and it's always been very good or better. Portobella, Feta cheese, spinach and red peppers with hand cut fries ($7.75)  Excellent to merely very good according to the day. Onion soup ($3 cup)  had it only once but it would have shamed any chain restaurant and I doubt it was a fluke. The salads are generous and the dressings are both tasty (like balsamic eyetalian vinaigrette ) and made from scratch. The only let down are the olives - the pre-sliced kind- but it's a very minor issuePlus the service has always been very pleasant. It's located on the other side of town for me but I make a point to stop by whenever I'm in the area.
2	Great location on a friday night (although the crowd does die down considerably by 11:30). I ordered the Beef on Weck which is a rather bizarre mix of cheese, beef, and horseradish sauce (that looks like Ranch). The flavors were interesting and the crust was decent (not really pizza crust though), but it was hard to eat given the large amount of salt. One of my friends who had ordered the same thing was regularly chugging down water and we both ended up not finishing (saltiness becomes unbearable when you're no longer starving). I do have to give props to the servers here though because they're super friendly and chipper.
4	Always a great spot for some chow & hang out w/ pals!  The Fish Fry special on Friday is just fantastic; more fish than you can handle.  Not exactly a Buffalo fan, but the atmosphere is cool.
2	We've been lunching here for years, the food is generally okay at best and works out fine for lunch. Occasionally we have stopped in for a Sunday game but it's a very one team kind of place.Last night, the eve of the 4th, we had been uptown walking around, we took a cab home and asked to be dropped off here to grab a quick bite. The bartender took a very long time to get around to us, the room was fairly empty, and she seemed shocked that we wanted to order anything? We didn't really understand her suprise.The quality of food was soooo bad, we left most of it on the plate. A hint to any server, if a customer leaves most of their meal behind, ask them if the food was ok or if you can do anything else for them.We left, feeling very eh about both the server and the food. What a shame.
5	Dip chili
2	OK food at best.  Good for beer.  I have gotten unlucky because I have gotten the same bartender the past three times and she has the social skills of my bar stool.
4	good set up!  You can see TVs from any seat in the place!  Great place to watch games on Sunday because they also have a Bloody Mary bar that is the BEST I've been to in Charlotte!  I highly recommend this place, although I have not had their food.
4	My favorite place to watch the Buffalo Bills play! It's like this bar is straight out of Buffalo and was placed it in South End Charlotte. I spent almost every Sunday that the Bills played at Tavern. It is a great environment to cheer on my hometown team, and I always ended up meeting some new people. Labatt Blue and Blue light- made me a very happy girl along with other traditional Buffalo fare including, wings, beef on weck etc. I really enjoyed their queso for an app and I heard their chicken finger sub was very impressive. They are also a Michigan bar, and if you are planning on watching a game here, come early. It gets crowded quick, but again so much fun for a former Buffaloian.
4	I love their Chicken Quesdillas.  So freken good!  I try to stop by whenever I am in the neighborhood!
4	Stick to the basics. Don't be an idiot. The same way you don't wander into shady neighborhoods when you're away from home, don't order something you would get at a fancier place when you're at a sports bar. That being said, Tavern on the Tracks serves hearty and great versions of pub food classics. The trick to this is little fan fare (no pun intended), fresh ingredients and meals are prepared to order. All of your simple Gordon Ramsay stuff. The portions are generous and traditional, the way they should be at a sports bar.Cheap beer. Cheap beer that is not Bud, Bud Light or PBR. Which means cheap beer that doesn't taste like used beer or give you a splitting headache and the runs. Tavern runs $3 beer specials on all pints pretty regularly, althought I'm not certaiin which days. This is a pretty large place inside, so if it's not game day or big minor league basketball game, there is no real issue with seating. As mentioned by others, this is definitely a Buffalo Bills bar which means I stay very far away on Sundays, since I'm a Pats fan and don't want to catch LOSER-itis. J/K! I could only wish there was a place this great as a home base for watching a Sunday game.Very important, the atmosphere and people in here are decidedly WAAAYYY less douchey than at some of the other places in this neighborhood. You don't need a silver-plated spoon to ride this train. This is a very laid back bar and has a Northern feel to it.  Keep it simple and that's what the Tavern does. The buffalo tenders and wings here are some of the spiciest I've had in Charlotte. Anyone who says otherwise, did not get the "steam-engine" flavor. Even drunk, finishing all these will be difficult. For any pub, wings are the equivalent of filet for a steakhouse. The fish and chips is another fried greasy hangover comfort remedy that is a can't miss here. I've tried a few of the sandwiches and while not mind-blasting, they are satisfying. This restaurant serves fresh cut fries that are pretty average. While I always go for fresh anything, these fries are pretty limp most of the time. This is the one area that needs improvement. I cannot speak as to the quality of the hamburgers (a true pub food staple) as I rarely get them anymore. Being informed is a great way to ruin your fun. I've heard mixed reviews.I'm not saying that if you order something other than wings or beef on weck, it won't be good, but don't be surprised if the pasta you order is not as great as your favorite Italian joint. In comparison, humble pub food AT A PUB will be the best tasting food to eat of all options. (This service announcement isn't just for this particular restaurant...its a general common sense thing, like put cold stuff in refrigerator). Not sure why I'm so ornery about this today.I don't get the fascination people have with sitting outside on the patio to eat. Most of them don't even smoke. That also being said, the patio is nice and if I had friends, I might understand sitting out on a nice day to have a meal. However, the television sets out there look like something my Dad brought home in 1983.
4	I love when you can find a bar that has awesome food and this is one of the better ones in Charlotte. I always get the steak in the grass  sandwich, which is a 6 oz.  filet served open faced with sauteed spinach and provolone cheese that comes with your choice of side for only $9. They also have amazing fried raviolis. The meatloaf is also pretty good. They always have great drink specials going on, even on the weekends. The last time I was in was a Wed and they had BINGO. its been over 10 years since I have played and I cant lie, I had a blast!They also have a patio which I will be enjoying in these up coming warmer months.
4	Tavern On The Tracks is the biggest Buffalo Bills Backer Bar in Charlotte. I made it a point to visit this restaurant during a Buffalo Bills game, so that I can get the full effect. I was not disappointed. The bar quickly filled to standing room only with more than 75% of the patrons donning some sort of Buffalo Bills paraphernalia. All 20 some TVs was showing the Bills game......to say the least, I felt at home. I had their Beef-on-weck, a single order of their wings prepared with the Gold Rush sauce and a side order of fries. The beef-on-weck was good, as well as the wings, but in my opinion, still not at the level of Buffalo. I will say though that being here for the game definitely made me feel as if I was sitting in the Rockpile in Ralph Wilson Stadium.
3	Truthfully I've only been a few times now but have yet to be wowed so not my first destination choice. First time I hit up Tavern was last football season and I was beyond excited to get to the bar to join my friends and watch the Niners game (Go San Fran!). The place was decently busy and we order a round of drinks. The service is good, no complaints there, but I was a bit turned off when a server asked us to quiet down when someone in our group dropped a swear word... apparently there was families in the bar but my first thought was it's a sports bar... in the midst of football season... during a playoff game. Nonetheless, we stayed the rest of the game and watched the Niners dominate. Yeahhhhh  : )I recently went over after work and posted up on the patio with a friend of mine for dinner. They were hosting trivia that night, which I love, and we opted to play but couldn't hear any of the questions on the patio...bummer... but we didn't want to move inside since the weather was so awesome so we sacrificed our scorecard. I picked out the steak in the grass sandwich, which is a filet topped with provolone. Quite tasty and pretty much exactly what I expected. Hey, it's pub food... but I'd order it again. On another occasion I had the buffalo chicken sandwich... this thing was massive and the chicken breast was bigger than the bun itself. Highly impressed with the portion size and loved the crispy coating on the sandwich. I'd most likely stop by again to grab a meal if I'm in South End debating where to go but I'll probably stick to watching my games at another bar.
4	The Beef on Weck was awesome. The Portabella Mushroom Parmesan was good too. Gotta go back to try other food on the menu.
4	Best Bar Food in town. I've never ordered pasta or anything here, but the burgers, wings, sandwiches, and salads are phenomenal for a bar.  Drinks are fairly priced as well. This place is definitely one of my favorites.
4	Trivia on Wednesdays at 8pm with Rob from Little Dreamer Productions!
4	Excellent atmosphere, great food, and good service! I've been in and ordered food here many times and it never disappoints. Great!
4	Great bar food and a wide selection of beer and liquor to quench your thirst!
4	They have a nice deck and are dog friendly. They often bring water for my dog when the server first  approaches. AWESOME!!! Food is good and moderately priced. I always get the meatloaf for a meal. When hanging out, you can't go wrong with the nachos or wings. Cool place to relax with friends....even if it is a Bills bar...hence the 4 star only. ;)
2	Manager sucked and food was worst.. If you aren't a regular they don't care about you
1	Terrible service.  They were not busy.  Took 10 min to get a beer.  20 min to get appetizer and 40 min from ordering to getting food.  Also waited most of that 40 min without anything to drink.  The also switched from pint glasses to plastic cups that held about 40% less but charged the same.
4	This place has a hole in the wall feel. However, for a typical sports bar, it has really good food. Great bar food! We come here a good amount because we can walk here! There is a parking lot for those that are driving. Also, they have a pretty cool roof top bar.We came here last night to get some late night food and drinks. Both my husband and I got Red Oaks (anywhere that has Red Oak on draft is awesome!!). We also later got the beer special of the night $2 Coors Light. We ordered the Tracks Quesadilla and the wings (I believe it was Gold Rush flavor). The quesadilla was delish......pulled pork inside with a side of ranch for dipping. So good! Didn't eat the wings because by the time I looked over, my husband had eaten all of them already! Guess they were good! Great place for bar food, sports, and good drinks!Also, I always feel like the service here is excellent. We usually sit at the bar and chat with the bartenders.
3	If the staff was nicer, this would be my favorite place. The food is hands down the best bar food in town. But get take out. Eating there will take away from the food. Every time we've been there, The staff has been absolutely miserable.
2	The food is very good. The service is TERRIBLE. We waited 20 minutes on a refill and another 20 for our check. Our waitress was rude. If the service was better I would come back. Unfortunately it's not.
4	Not sure why, but this was my first trip here since 2008. Sometimes it's hard to give ratings to a restaurant/bar when you really only want to rate your experience with one aspect. So, my 4 stars is simply for the bar, specifically on a Friday because of $3 drafts. They had a few good choices too. I'll be damned if I can remember exactly, but I know I had an OMB Dunkel and there were a few others that sounded like contenders for the next round (maybe a Dale's Pale Ale?). Don't expect a World of Beer selection of craft beers on draft, but enough to make it a reasonable spot to return if you're looking for a dive bar feel in Southend with a few good options on the cheap on a Friday. It's more of a grabbing a drink with some friends rather than a taking your special lady out type of place.
5	Try the beef on weck! It's the best I have had. Laid back sports bar atmosphere. Not the best beer selection (get some more local CLT beers!), but best bar food in south end by far
3	Tavern on the tracks is a Buffalo Bills bar so be prepared to hear their chants on game day.  The food here is pretty good, and they have a good beer selections.  If you are in the South End area at around 1 A.M. this is a good spot to go.
3	Are you from Buffalo? Well, this is your bar.Bills games on Sundays. Sabres during hockey season. Warning: if you want a seat during football season.. get there early. The place gets packed. If you don't enjoy Bills fans, well then you should probably stay far away on game days. TOT is also a Michigan bar.Hands down the best thing here: the bloody mary's. Fantastic homemade mix. It's served in a tall, carafe... complete with celery, olive and pepperoncini garnish. Pretty decent bar food here. This may sound odd, but one of my favorite things on the menu is the stuffed banana peppers. Garlic, bleu cheese, parmesan in a breadcrumb mix melted provolone served with bread and balsamic glaze. I also like the steak in the grass. TOT does brunch on Saturdays and Sundays... including an omelet you can make your own way.Dog friendly patio complete with TVs. Great place to have a drink on a nice day.
4	2 words: Toasted Ravioli. End of review. Just kidding.So this is a Buffalo NYers' spot. If you need a place to watch the Bills and what-not, here you go. For everyone else (myself included), I come here for a good ole pub/bar experience. Nothing fancy. Solid bar food. Doesn't totally break your bank. Service... well, most likely I have had a few too many to drink by the time I leave here, so my memory is a little cloudy. From what I can remember, service is not the best, but it's acceptable. The only thing is, parking in this area is a major pain. Be careful, you don't want it to be towed.
1	This place is disgusting. They allow drunk people on their porch to harass customers. But then if the customer complains they are cut off. Sorry but that is messed up. I'll go get crappy bar food from places that at least support females not be harassed. If you're a girl wearing a dress don't go here because people are allowed to say rude and inappropriate things to you. Worst place ever.
4	Great bar food. Good menu. Love the wings. Great choirce anytime.
1	Just plain terrible. Stopped here for a bite to eat after happy hour at Gin Mill. Ordered the Steak in the Grass filet sandwich cooked medium - it was served bright red and rare with a pitiful side of asparagus. Not to mention a cockroach fell from above and scurried across our table into my friend's lap. Received a small apology and look of horror from the waiter. Definitely will not be retuning.
5	Came to Charlotte for the NASCAR and ended up spending a day here for football Sunday. Great atmosphere, great food and most of all a very accommodating staff. Even though it was busy they still kept up with our needs. When I come back to Charlotte, Tavern On The Tracks will certainly be on my itinerary.
5	I came in with a very large party close to closing time and the wait staff were very cool and awesome. Very impressed with that.If the kitchen staff was pissed we did realized it because the food was amazing and very large portions. We all ended up share our food with each other because all of  our plates looked so good.Will definitely go back again... at a reasonable time.Also this is a Buffalo bar. So if you like the Bills and Sabers this is your place.
