5	My most favorite market anywhere!I used to live close to Montreal and would come here almost every weekend.Absolutely gorgeous flowers outside in the warmer months, fruit, veggies, cheese, beer, and a tasty patiserrie on the premises!I can only dream about it until the next visit and wish I lived down the street so I could shop here more frequently!The beer shop introduced me to one of my most favorite Montreal brews...St. Ambroise Oatmeal Stout. So thick and rich, a perfect warmer for those chilled through your bones Montreal winters!
5	This market is awesome.  There are about a dozen vendors in a long indoor market that sell a variety of meats, cheeses, fruits, and breads.  The food is really excellent.  No, seriously.  It's really good.Bonus: free samples.If you have access to a stove, there is a really great collection of butchers.  If you're visiting from out of town, and the weather is nice, I highly recommend that you pick up lunch here and take it somewhere to eat outdoors.  I don't know of a good park nearby, but there are some great parks in Montreal, including Parc LaFontaine across town.There are also tables in the market, if you want to eat on the spot. It's very close to the Lionel-Groulx metro stop and it's easy to get to.
5	This is a truly great market.  I wish we had places like this in the U.S.  There are a ton of great looking food shops, fresh meat, cheese (or fromage if that's how you roll) a bakery.  All of the food looked super delicious.  We ate at the patisserie twice during our stay in Montreal and everything we had was excellent.
5	Marche Atwater was definitely one of the highlights of our mini-moon in Montreal.It is gorgeous, easily accesible via Metro and a very recognizable landmark on the horizon.While the produce looked wonderful, I was much more drawn to the indoor meat and fish vendors, the fromagerie (La Fromagerie Atwater) and boulangerie (Premier Moison).  The bounty will astound you, the variety is mind-boggling.  As a fan of offal, I was amazed by the all the different fifth-quarter cuts, from brains to kidneys, sweetbreads, and liver, and the foie... enough foie of goose and duck to rival the marches of paris - in terrines, in cans, truffled or plain, whole lobes of the rich, lovely stuff.... the counters that specialized in prepared foods were amazing - cuts of hams and bowls of stews, trays of salads, casseroles of rilletes...  there was even a whole refrigerator case dedicated to "Fondue Chinois" with all sorts of variety meats and game: Boar, Deer, Elk, Kangaroo shared space with the more common beef and chicken, pre-made fondue chinois stock mix...On our last day, we visited the market for a final lunch of cheese (Rond du Val Brebis, a soft raw-milk ewe's cheese from the fromagerie), baguette, wine, soft jambon saucisson and pate procured from various vendors in the market, finishing off with some fabulous pastries from Premier Moison, a bakery that also sells savoury foods as well as pastries and breads.I love living in San Francisco, but wish the Ferry Building could take a cue or two from our neighbors up north...
5	Marche Atwater (The Atwater Market) is a must stop for anyone in Montreal.I dream of this place.It is a huge indoor/ outdoor market place with dozens of little food shops.Butcheries, Cheese (fromage), beire, vin, specialty foods, bakery. Even a pet store.The outside shops is all local farmers with flowers, fruits, vegetables, honey, maple syrup, corn and pumpkins.The lady who sells homemade pickles, relishes, jams & jellies, , and salted herbs rocks.I also love the "Pantry Store" which sells everything for the kitchen pantry from coffee, tea, hot sauce, imported specialties, fine vinegars, and hard to find items. A little place of heaven.It is a fun way to shop and be entertained at the same time. A great spot for the whole family.Free parking in the lot, or metered street.The website can accessed at http://www.marche-atwater.com/
5	Everybody has said it: This place is awesome and will cure anorexia (or make you a boulimic)  I'll try not to repeat what has already been said but I went (weirdly) there after 26 year of existence in Montreal. I was helping my friend to move in St-Henri (which is like 10 minutes car drive from Atwater Market) and we had smoke a joint, had the craziest muchies EVER and bought some beer and nice pizza. I'm a big fan of Calzone and there's not a lot of good calzone place in Montreal, I only know 3-4 places. They were MARVELOUS! nicest munchies ever!
5	Here is where you can buy maple syrup direct from the farmer. The cans of maple syrup here is about 30% cheaper than anywhere else! Shh, keep this a secret.This market is great!
4	Two words: amazing macaroons :)
5	My favorite things to do when I visit a new city is to visit the city's farmers market and I'm really fond of this one.  I'm kind of jealous, why doesn't San Francisco Bay Area have any open everyday, all year round farmers market like this one?
5	Food lover's  paradise....in addition to superb butchers & fromageries, the prepared food stalls are incredible. Satay Bros is a must stop, best Southeast Asian around.
3	Yes, It has a cool art deco building.  Yes, there are some interesting meat and fish stalls, but I was still under whelmed by what I saw at the atwater market.  Maybe I was spoiled by the Jean Talon market, which I loved and had much better produce.  Maybe because it was just smaller, maybe because it is built up in the tourist things, but I would rather spend my time at a different market than here.  But I could see how if you lived at this end of town it would be a great place to come.The prices seemed about $1 higher on average than things at Jean Talon.  Got to pay rent on the building I guess.  On the plus side there was some good laksa to be had at the Satay brothers stall.  Just be sure to order it "XX" spicy to even become to get close to what you might have in Singapore.
5	A great time and place to visit.   Go hungry and get a lobster roll $11.Good produce and very friendly.
5	This outdoor market makes me want to jump into a Summer dress and twirl with joy. All of the vendors here are exceptionally nice. They are super considerate and offer to hold your purchases if you plan on shopping more, but don't have the hands to carry it. The fromagerie was delightful. We tried various cheeses and the lady behind the counter was very very knowledgeable about all of the cheese, especially local ones, which we were looking to try. The cafe has amazing and cheap bread options and really outstanding pastry options. Their coffee options are limited, but I think they are just coffee purists (so no iced coffees and don't even think about ordering any frappuccinos). They have a bulk grain and candy store that I spent like an hour in. I was there mostly for there delicious gummies, but they have a lot of really great speciality salts, oils and vinegars too. The clerk was super nice and didn't get mad when I mixed all of the different candies I got in one bag (Note: they are all priced differently so put each item in a different bag). We also went to the wine shop outside and one of the many fruit/vegetable vendors. The wine shop has an array of spirits and wines all at really great prices. Nothing but good things in this market!If you have time you should also run across the street to the tiny gelato shop. Reasonably priced and it has wonderful flavors.
3	I like Jean Talon better because of the abundance of fruit stuff and the neighborhood. The inside stalls are expensive, making what should be casual elitist. Hey, it's not that bad actually. Brothers Satay are not a bad food option, better than the lobster roll place which was a disappointment and a mistake to order. Why did I get a lobster roll in Montreal??I do like the neighborhood, with Green Spot nearby. I'd like to explore it more next time.
5	The best place to buy food in Montreal. Period. The Cheese markets are amazing, and we all have our favorites. But, I like to take a tour and see who has the most prize-winning cheeses. The everything store at the end (Still gotta see its name) has the friendliest staff ever and will order you that one type of salt you need, if one of their 10 choices isn't appropriate for your special recipe. Olives, they got the finest. Pasta, pasta sauce, chinese food specialites, sauces, spices and everything to flavour your meat/fish from the other market stores. Flowers are also readily available. My most memorable purchase: Fruit from Richard at one of the fruit/veggie stands, Cheese and crackers from Le Fromagerie, flowers from the flower lady, and Wine from SAQ which was all served at my pre-Wedding cocktail hour in Old Montreal.
5	whenever i travel.. i love going down to where the locals eat and shop.. and this farmers market blows the one we have here in dallas out of the water... there are plenty of eating options as well as plenty of cheese joints as well as butchers ready to sell their meat.. the fruit and veggies looked spectacular.. so we grabbed some stuff from here and had a quick picnic on mont royal.. if i ever decide to buy a vacation home in montreal.. this place is somewhere i would definitely frequent
4	This place reminds of St Lawrence Market in Toronto but more veggies and fruits then seafood.Fruits and veggies look so good! Too bad we didn't have a kitchen at our hotel room, cause we would have bought and cooked up a storm!!lots of varieties of apples!
5	This fairly medium sized market has almost everything you need to cook!! From herbs, to fresh vegetables, to spices, cheese, and chocolates! Good prices depend on the product you are getting. I find sometimes it's expensive but for instance i bought 1 avocado for 1 dollar. Usually avocados are quite expensive. Lemons and limes are cheap too. Fruits you can try samples and if you like macarons have no fear! Theres Pizza Mia that sells Point G macarons but ALSO AMAZING vegetarian pizza. I've never had such amazing vegetarian pizza in my life. It was thick, full of toppings and had a rich taste and the crust was just right! There's also another shop that sells macarons which is inside the doors...not sure the name but they sell all sorts of sweets. The macarons are Christop Morel and they are pricey....but very yummy. About 10 for 16 dollars I believe. If you want fresh ingredients, come here! Fish market is great too, they have really fresh fish, scallops, lobster, oysters, shrimp. The scallops I recently bought (VERY $$$$)are handpicked (so its oceanwise and environmentally friendly). Anyway I really like this market for its closeness, convenience, and fresh good quality produce!
5	I love this market!!! They have an extensive selection of fruits, vegetables, plants, and flowers. There's a pastry shop with freshly baked breads and a delicious assortment of treats, and a cheese shop where you can get anything your heart desires. Go hungry because there's also a creperie and a smoothie stand, and a place to buy candied nuts. You can test most of the fruits and cheeses and such before buying (sorry, this doesn't apply to the pastries) so you won't leave hungry. And there's usually entertainment in the form of a man playing guitar... I've even been there when they've had a small band roaming the market in costume. I will say the market is noticeably better in the summer when the selection is better and there are more vendors, especially since a good portion of the market is outside.
4	Marche Atwater is a cute little market, they have some booths outside for maple syrup and fish, and then lots of veggies, meat, cheese, and bread inside.  Not huge, but you can tell this is where people from Montreal go - there were not a lot of tourists.  Mostly everyone spoke English as well as French, which was nice for when we had questions.  Only about half of the vendors take Credit Cards, but there are ATMs.Rating of 4 stars, based off the gold standard - La Boqueria in Barcelona.
4	I ventured to Marche Atwater this past long weekend to check out another food market in the Montreal area.  Marche Atwater is a smaller than its counterpart, Marche Jean Talon but do not let the size change your perception. Atwater has numerous food stalls to get your baked goods, meat and cheese fixings.  I would suggest coming hungry as you can sample the food you buy as you shop.  I look forward to visiting in the warmer months when they have their outdoor market up and running.
3	I have been here several times but I am still unsure as to what the big deal is. Do not come out of your way but if you are in the area, it is certainly worth checking out.
3	If all farmers markets could be like this, grocery stores would have long since gone under. Also, it should be noted, I well prefer this to Jean-Talon due to a greatly reduced number of obvious tourists.  It is notably smaller than Jean-Talon.The produce, local, superb. Always of high quality. My particular favourite are the raspberries, but I am biased. You will find everything from fish, to quality butchers, to an amazing beer selection, to cheese (Yes, this includes the renown unpasteurized cheeses) . Downsides, given that is half outside, this is a summer only choice. During winter, Metro to Jean-Talon. Also, it is a bit on the higher end of price, but that is easy enough to look aside during the Summer months.
5	I stopped here in April 2012 with my family, we were visiting from the states. This place is great, I would love to have market this clean and full with different options where I live. There are shops inside and outside the market. They offer an array of different things such as fruits, vegetables, meats, fish, cheese, bakery, snack bar, flowers and wines. My husband would love this market! I hope to come back to visit Montreal and show my husband some of the areas I visited while there. The only compliant I have is with the parking, since I'm not from the area, I wasn't sure if they had a parking lot, we did find parking on the street though.  If your hotel has a kitchen, this is the perfect place to come buy some things and take back to cook.
5	Atwater Market is a foodie's delight! There's everything from macaroons to fresh bread to pate. We popped in here with the babies ( I recommend a baby carrier, there's room for a stroller but there's too many steps) to pick up some items for dinner. Each of us picked a course and purchased items from Atwater market. I was incharge of appetizers and I picked up bread, pates (so many kinds!!), chorizo and fresh mozzarella. Mains was a lobster salad and dessert was macaroons. We also had lunch at Atwater market.. I loved my smoked meat sandwich with spicy mustard from Roule ma Poulet. They had a paella that my friend got, it was good but sooooo huge! A great way to spend an afternoon if you have the time.
5	The Atwater Market is so great! I can find everything that I need and its always fresh! Its always great to shop in a nice and friendly environment
5	NOTE: Only the bakery was open at 7am.  Everything else opened at 8 or 8:30.  It's not too far from the train station, or you can take the bus (the one that goes to the airport stops on Atwater.)  Would be easy to stop here for lunch or take-home dinner.  Lots of different vendors and choices.  Make the time to go here!
4	We visited 2 farmer's mkt while in Montreal on a weekday.  This was one of them. Seems to have alot of vistors than locals. Perhaps this was due to being a weekday? There were 3 -4 rows of vendors, selling cheeses, fruit, and produce. Lots of squash and pumpkins since it's the season...I didn't get to buy as much as i'd hope. And we were disappointed not to see much ready to eat foods here. I ended up buying a few ears of corn and a cauliflower to go. We had a cup of raspberry juice from a vendor. Lots of maple syrup was sold here.We settled having a bite to eat for "brunch" at the cafe at the end of the mkt and then having a lunch at the other end where there were a few restaurants. disappointed not to have that many choices to eat. But we were too tired to venture out of the market to hunt for restaurants.
4	Fun place for fresh produce or just delicious bread, cheese and desserts.
5	i am in love with this market.  sure, maybe you can find cheaper prices on certain items elsewhere but the collective whole is a foodie's heaven.i was taken aback at the size of the foie gras (illegal in california now), the fresh pasta, the delicious assortment of sausages, and an amazing variety of cheese!  even the buttery croissants was the size of your head.we bought some vegetables, duck and chicken as well as some sandwiches to go.  i was lucky to have a private lesson from a local executive chef (formerly of l'express) on making a hearty chicken cacciatore so we were shopping for ingredients. the saq is on the other side so it's a quick walk for wine.  whether it be for cooking or with your meal, this place has everything you could hope for!  everything was local down to the garlic bulbs.even with 18 years of living in the states, i still buy my salad seasonings from atwater's farmer's market.  wholefoods, sprouts and trader joe's can never beat the mystery herbs that make my strawberry, blue cheese, and walnut salad so tasty.  maybe it is that little touch of home or je ne sais quoi...
3	This market means well, but it's small and quite a hassle to get to. It mostly only has a few cheese and butcher shops and many (many!!) flower shops. I enjoyed my stop at the Choclatier here.
3	Lovely, lively market. Great for a weekend stroll.But apparently some of the produce vendors get their products from Costco and resell at the market! So buyer beware, I guess. The cheese and bread's supposed to be good, though.
4	Really cute little farmer's market conglomeration of fresh vegetables, fruits and all sorts of meat and cheese shop. One of the best, however was this little food stall called Marmite su'l Feu which served an AMAZING pulled pork rice n'bean dish that was out of this world. I only wish they had a yelp account so I can tell the world how great they were.Definitely check it out, if nothing than to eat at this place.
4	Indoor/outdoor market with meats, baked goods, flowers, etc.  We had a wonderful lunch and walked around drooling over all of the goodies.
4	Great selection of high quality stalls. The best are in the permanent building. Much better that Marche Jean Talon though much smaller.
5	Love the Fresh produce.One of my most favourite things to do any where in the world is go to food markets. I love tasting seasonal fruits & vegetables, and also seeing what the local meat vendors are all about.Living beside the Atwater Market gives me the flexibility to do so when ever I want, during every season of the year! This is such a great thing, and something I'm sure any and all foodies enjoy as much as I do.Well you have choice between many different fruit/vegetable vendors, butcher shops and one main bakery with a few small ones around the complex. Summer time is always the best time to go as you have a lot more local produce, and much less from around the country/world. Be sure to check up on the website for more information on whats going on and for the seasonal produce that is available at during the summer months.Well that's my review on the market itself, see more of my reviews on the individual shops in the market.
4	Location: At the bottom of Atwater, a few minutes away from Lionel-Groulx metro.Stuff: The market offers up a variety of shops that specialize in produce, meat, cheese, fish, chocolate etc. You can pretty much pick up everything that you need to prep a decent meal, right here. Go early to avoid the crowds and to find parking near the market. The market is open year-round.
3	Great market feel with awesome food. Went here a few times and it was always packed although we wanted these dumplings that was sol there and they had sold out both times we went to taste them so that was disappointing.
3	Atwater is like the younger, slightly less attractive sister to Jean Talon. There are not as many vendors, and many of the vendors on the inside of the market tend to specialize in meat, cheese and pre-made deli-style foods that can be purchased by the kilo. It's worth checking out if you are in the area though I am not sure if this is worth a special trip.
4	Atwater market is located near by metro station, the biking trails of Lachine canal and has big parking lot to accomodate customers. The market operates during the entire year, the opened part is covered and heated during the winter thus retaining a lot of its vegetable stands. Some of the best times to visit the market are early summer when the amount of flower stands is overwhelming or during the fall when the market explodes in colors, this is also the best time to buy some local produce.The covered part of the market has predominantly meat and cheese shops. Starting from south the market houses a big Premiere Moisson shop, the bakery certainly deserves its own review, it is enough to mention you can buy fresh bread and pastry there. Moving north on your right is a nice spice store that also has wide selection of nuts and dried fruits, my latest favorite being curry jumbo cashu. Further on both sides follow meat stands that have outstanding selection of everything one can imagine. My favorite place is a little Italian store called Pasta d'Ici. Yes, you can find fresh pasta and variaty of pasta sauces there, and no, there is no need to go to Little Italy for some of the best cannolis in Montreal. Besides that they have Illy cofee machine that produces perfect espresso to go along with your cannoli.Atwater market has nice vegetable stores and stands, but I find them a little bit pricey for every day shopping, yet this is a good place to find some specific fruits and vegetables that are not  easily available in the supermarkets.
5	I came at the end of September, and have not seen fruits and vegetables so fresh and beautiful since I roamed the aisles of an upscale supermarket in Japan. There was nary one bad fruit in the rows and rows of vendors that sold tomatoes. We got some multicolored cherry tomatoes, about 16oz container worth, for $3 and incredibly sweet strawberries, about 32oz container worth, for $4. For me, that's a steal. Produce is mostly locally grown products of Quebec. The Atwater market seems like it is more for locals than the Jean Talon market, which covers more ground and can be more expensive.
4	A great little market that was chock-full of fresh produce, even in the dead of winter. It reminded me a wee bit of Pike Place Market in Seattle, just less claustrophobic and not at the bottom of a deadly hill!We got sandwiches and other prepared foods from a vendor near the end, and they were awesome! I had a Mediterranean sandwich that had turkey, sprouts, and some delectable combination of sauces and it was delectable. Come here! Don't let the name fool you, it's actually closest to Station Lionel-Groulx (NOT Atwater).
5	Great indoor market with an outdoor farmers market feel. Wonderful flower, vegetable/fruit, meat, cheese, and bread/pastry shops. SAQ right across the street! Perfect!
5	I love this place! Outside during warm months they have gardening and house plants, lots and lots. THey also have fresh fruit and vegetables for sale. Inside the buidlgin the have cheese stores, pate and mousse stores, bakery, patisserie....you name it, they have and the prices are pretty decent too!
4	Le Coin Gourmand carries the best store bought chicken pot pie.  They have it fresh and frozen. I've only tried the frozen pies, but the flavorful crust is buttery flakey.  The filling is very satisfying. They use top quality ingredients, chicken and veggies.  They also have other kind of pies too...  Don't miss this little shop at the Market.
4	Smaller than Jean Talon (which I prefer), but terrific food vendors and gorgeous meat and seafood.
4	I love farmers' markets and Atwater Market is no exception to that rule.  I love to come here on a sunny spring or summer day and pick up fresh, local fruits and vegetables.  The shops are also well worth browsing.  It is a little pricey which is definitely a downside.  It is also smaller than Jean-Talon which is my absolute favourite farmer's market in Montreal.
5	Alright, this has to be one of the most amazing places I have ever been. If you want it, they have it. I was extremely surprised to find fresh Polish Sausage in Montreal. Meats, sausages, chocolate, produce...again, you name is they have it. Also, there is a plethora of precooked food that is amazingly good. This is worth a Metro trip from wherever you are in Montreal. Just a little word of advice...don't go when it is raining and you arrived via Metro.
4	It's really small comparing to Jean Talon. However, they do have really good selection of Meat, Charcuterie, and Cheese.If you are visiting Montreal, don't feel too bad if you didn't get a chance to go to visit this market. Numero uno, it's kinda far from center city and it's small. Plus there is not much vendor that you can eat from or at least at the time I was there.It is very clean market!If you are staying Montreal and have an apartment or place where you can cook, this would be the place to go and buy your meats, cheese, veggies, etc.
5	I have been going there my whole life and it seems to be a ritual with our family whenever we have company or special holidays to go to the market and pick out some good quality food! The atmosphere, fresh vegetables and fruits, cheese and all the necessities needed are there!
4	This market was wonderful. It had a wide variety of items for sale (including chocolates :-) ) But one of the main reasons why people come here is for the coffee and fresh baked goods. One of the best croissants you will ever eat will be found here to say nothing about the bread and butter. I know these may seem like simple, common food items but when executed with excellence there is nothing better. I find myself longing to relive those food experiences that I was fortunate enough to share with my dear friend and family; I will remember it fondly.
5	Amazing bread at Premiere Moison. Fresh produce downstairs. And don't forget the macarons from Chocolats Privilege! Really cool experience. Far better than Chelsea Market in NYC and the Ferry Building in SF.
