3	There is nothing wrong with the food here.  The service is probably above average.  I've had lunch here a few times.  But somehow I have always left here feeling as though I did not get good value.
4	Let me start by saying the burgers at Red Robin are better than say your local McDonalds, Wendy's,Burger King etc...They are more on par with Chili's or Ruby Tuesdays, the vibe and ambiance is also similar to those restaurants as well.We've eaten here several times and my wife and kids really enjoy the food and service. My only complaint is that for what is at it's basics a burger joint it's a little expensive.Check it out for yourself:)
4	They've got a good garden burger, which is always a great selling point for me. This place is a little cheesy and a little greasy and a little pricey for a burger joint, but I find myself here more often that I'd like to admit. It's a good place to go with a big group or with families. When my family visits, we have the old folks who are picky in one way, and we have a 5 year old who is picky in another way. When we all go to Red Robin together, we're all able to be happy. It's a safe spot for kids, and old folks are never offended by the burger option. It's a win-win.
4	I am a fan of this place, definitely. The only thing is that the last time I went, the service was bad. My waitress forgot about little things I asked for, which I think she realized after a while. Then she apologized, after a different waitress took care of my requests. The menu has lots of different options. Lots of burgers, sandwiches, and drinks. The burger buns can be substituted with a soy bun also. It is often crowded, but the place is kept clean. I like Red Robin.
4	Great for families with young kids (very loud which can be really nice when you have a 1 year and 3 year old). The burgers are very good too. Their shkes and ice cream sundaes are not very good. otherwise we love it.
3	Visiting Charlotte, I'd hear about Red Robin but there are none in Miami so I decided to check it out.  It's a cool little spot to get a tasty burger.  The place is very family oriented and great for kids.  I had the BBQ burger with the side of garlic fries.  The garlic fries are excellent, don't recommend them if you're going on a date.
4	My daughter and I are a fan of this place. I usually get their Bacon Cheeseburger and she gets the Arctic Cod fish and chips meal. They come with unlmited fries, but you usually will not get to the second servings of fries.We also love their strawberry lemonades. Its unlimited refills and they have sweet strawberries in their lemonades.The food is good, service is good and overall its a great place to go every other 2-3 months.
5	There are a few other burger spots in my area, but I like Red Robin best of all. The burger is just really good.  What more do you need to know.  I recommend the bbq one with bbq sauce and onion strings on it.  Ok I want one now.  Perfect for kids too with cool decor to look at and good selection of items on their menu.
4	Ok, I'll admit Red Robin is a guilty pleasure. There are times in every foodies life where you just want to get a burger with your kids and not worry about the seven course tasting menu or what vintage of White Burgundy to order. We went here to celebrate a special occasion with my oldest son, a meat-loving seven year old who LOVES Red Robin (god bless him!) Atmosphere is fairly loud and busy with lots of TVs showing either sports or cartoons. Basically a kid paradise.Many are suckered at Red Robin by the various burger combo's, typically which include bacon, some sort of sauce and an assortment of fried products on top. Blah. Not only do these mask the flavor of the beef, but they also reduce your life expectancy by at least six months. As a result, I order the "natural burger" with a whole wheat bun, lettuce, tomato, red onion and blue cheese. My better half ordered one of their new fancy salads and my Little Man ordered the cheeseburger. Ironically we also ordered the mini-app of onion rings (also known as the cardio-kicker). Can't resist onion rings, damn it!Overall, no problems with this meal AT ALL. The steak fries that come with the burgers are pretty good and the Red Robin seasoning is addictive. The burger itself was a good size, cooked well and the toppings were fresh and crisp. BTW, I highly recommend the whole wheat bun because it is fresher and more substantial than the mushy standard bun. The salad also looked pretty good (no wilted lettuce or weird chicken). This is not the gourmet burger offered at BLT or even Big Daddy's, but it was still very tasty and you could taste the beef.We ended our meal with, what else, but a Chocolate Milk Shake. Perfection as usual.Thumbs up to this mass-market marvel. Carry on Red Robin - go forth and spread your message of beefy goodness!
3	I was watching my 3 y/o nephew on Saturday and I told him we could go out for lunch. At first he said he wanted a bagel for lunch, so visions of Poppyseeds started dancing in my head. But by the time we were ready to go the fickle kid decided nope, he wants a cheeseburger! I tried to go to Big Daddy's but there was a 20 minute wait and the little guy said let's go somewhere else. I remembered seeing Red Robin further down the road so we went there and thankfully were sat right away. I got my nephew a kids cheeseburger and even with all the options for sides he wanted apple slices. I got the chicken caprese sandwich. The food came fast, which is good with kids. I wanted a burger but knew I'd be better off with the chicken, so I tried a bite of the kids and it was really good. My sandwich was good too, basically grilled chicken on a soft ciabatta bun, with lettuce, balsamic marinated tomatoes and surprisingly good fresh mozzarella. I asked for the pesto aioli on the side. It came with the steak fries but I only ate 3 of them. Not a big fan of these wish they were crisper. All in all a pretty good experience and definitely reasonably priced.
4	Good Hamburgers!!
3	On this visit, we were going so that David could get his free birthday burger.  The service on this visit was the worst we've ever experienced here.Usually, this location of RR is fast, friendly and effecient. However, today they seemed to be understaffed and overwelmed.  When they brought our plates out, there were no fries on them.  We had finished almost half of our sandwiches before the fries finally made it out.   However, whent they finally appeared, the fries were fresh and hot... and my chicken teriakyi sandwhich (with lettuce, tomato, grilled pineapple and swiss cheese) was good. A couple of negatives about the place, they have several tiny two seater booths that just do not have enough table space. Also, I wish they would serve the sandwiches on a plate rather than in the baskets that they normally use.  The place is very family-friendly and normally a good place to visit for a fast casual meal.
4	Hamburger heaven!  Juiciest burgers ever and the best combination of toppings I've seen in a while.  I particularly like the black and blue burger I think it's called.  Comes with onion strings and blue cheese crumbles...to die for!  As with all Red Robin locations...endless fries....enough said.  I just wish the fries were of the shoe string type and not the steak style but no worries, still great.  My girlfriend and I stopped in at 1:30 pm on a Sunday afternoon and the place was packed so that's always a good indicator that the food is really good.  The service was fine, seating took a little bit, but nothing to really complain about and the food took a little longer than expected to reach the table but again, they were busy!Still one of my favorite hamburger spots...EVER :)
5	My favorite burger place in Charlotte! Everything I have ordered is excellent. They also have delicious milkshakes.
3	I'm giving this restaurant three stars because no matter what happens here I've always enjoyed their burgers. So... the first time my wife & I ate here was when they opened in this location. It wasn't a good experience but the food was good. Fast forward to the future. Picture if you will, a couple driving around at 8pm confused as to where to eat, Red Robin beckons with its faux diner lights. We enter the restaurant & its nearly empty. We both look at one another with a wtf look on our faces. Eight pm and there's no one in the bar & the restaurant is nearly empty, what gives? No one seemed to know. Our hostess took us to a table that had an empty bottle of ketchup and no tableware. We didn't notice that fact till we needed napkins.I ordered a black Russian. What arrived was a black martini? WTF? That drink was sent back and eventually the black Russian appeared. I had to nurse it though. It was a very small drink. :( We ordered guacamole, salsa & chips as an appetizer. It had a couple very large homemade chips, some regular sized chips & two chip baskets that held the guacamole & salsa respectively. Cute idea but neither chip cup held enough of either. However it was good. My wife ordered chicken tenders & I had a Chophouse Burger. The burger was very good. I really appreciate Red Robin's wrappers around the burgers. They really make eating burgers a pleasure.  Our server's name was Matt. A nice & polite young man. Should we dine there again we'll ask for him.
1	I swear I've tried to give Red Robin several chances, but this chain always makes me sick to my stomach (literally). I'm pretty sure it's because they cook veggie burgers on the same grill as the hamburgers.  In turn, making my meat intolerant body go crazy.Another location at Northlake Mall left my burger in the bathroom instead of my stomach. This location, I just feel queasy and gross. Why did I continue to eat here you ask? I'm a nanny and my family loves this place! It's super kid friendly and they have the bland, generic menu that most American kids love. The kids also get excited about the possibility of seeing Red Robin in person (costume) and free balloons. Red Robin is uber kid friendly, I give them that.But as long as I'm not forced to return through my job, I will never  visit a Red Robin again.
4	We sat at the bar. Our server was Dena. My wife ordered the royal red robin without the special sauce. I ordered a burning love, god help me. The burgers were good. Mine was very filling. My wife wolfed hers down in what seemed like seconds. I was more leisurely in consuming mine. I actually made it home before the root beer float decided that it wanted out. I made the mistake of getting three refills on the float. But in my defense it was yummy! The burnin love burger wasn't overly spicy but my lips were tingling by the time I had nearly finished the burger so I was hoping to get home before it wanted out as well. Dena was a good server. She anticipated our needs and was prompt with drink refills. My burger was great.
4	I ordered a root beer float and a guacamole bacon burger. My wife ordered a sweet tea. I had a coupon for a free burger since my birthday is in June. They finally have soda glasses but the straws aren't long enough to poke out of them comfortably. They need longer straws. The burger was great. All in all a nice meal.
4	The guy who was going to seat us led us into the main dining room. Damn its really hard to see what incredible pigs people are. I feel sorry for the people that have to clean up after them. We're seated in the bar area. We ordered the guacamole and chips. The chips used to be made in the kitchen qnd came in a basket. Now a wire stand has two small containers of salsa and guacamole with a small amount of chips in the center. So far we have eaten all the chips and are waiting on a refill. The chips when they arrived were piping hot. We ate the rest of the salsa and the guacamole. My wife had chicken tenders and she thought they were good. My burger was good to but man was it spicy! They used fresh raw jalapeno peppers. I could only fit a couple root beer floats into me. All in all it was a good supper.
4	We decide to eat at Red Robin tonight because of the heat. We made use of the free appetizer offer I received via my red royalty card. We got a double sampler of onion rings and cheese sticks. I have to say that I've had better onion rings at iHop. The rings were medium sized. They were coated with a very crunchy breaded batter that I didn't care for. My wife thought the cheese sticks were fine. My wife ordered the cluckers and fries and I had a crybaby burger.The crybaby burger was strange in that the ghost sauce had an odd taste to it. The waiitress told me it was because of the burger being layered with two kinds of onions but I could definitely taste something off in the sauce. Anyhow the burger was good & I was hungry so it was a winning combination.
4	Starting the evening off with a double starter of cheese sticks and jalapeno coins to be followed by a fiery ghost burger. As usual I'm having a bottomless rootbeer float.Lydia was our server. Everything was great, no screaming kids or unruly drunks, no sounds of dishes falling or the fire alarm going off. A great evening.
4	We're eating in the bar tonight. I ordered a pig out burger, a new one for me. My wife ordered the cluckers. She's having a mojito. I'm having the bottomless rootbeer float.I was surprised by the pig out and not in a good way. Apparently when the menu states hardwood smoked bacon what it really means is droopy regular bacon. It really had no flavor. I mentioned this to our waitress & apparently she informed her manager.His name was Shawn. He was a nice guy but really... do you have to mention your name in every other sentence? We talked for a bit after he comped the burger, over our objections I must add. I'm giving them 4 stars for this action. The food wasn't a winner this evening.
4	I was in the mood for something different so I decided to try Red Robin...I know they are best known for their burgers but I decided to try one of the salads after seeing how big they prepare them! I tried the Southwest Chicken Salad. It has Ancho-grilled chicken breast, avocado slices and fresh-fried jalapeno coins, on top of crisp greens tossed in salsa-ranch dressing. Finished with diced red and green bell peppers and onions, black beans, roasted corn, cheddar cheese and crunchy tortilla strips.The chicken was delicious, tender and juicy...and very flavorful! The fried jalapeno coins are deliciousness! Whoever thought to take jalapenos and batter and fry them and put them on a salad....GENIUS!!!! The fresh bell peppers, black beans and corn really pull everything together and make this salad great!It's a little pricey at just over $10, but for the size and all the toppings its totally worth it!
3	We're trying the new pretzels vote appetizer tonight. I ordered a burning love burger and my wife is getting spinach dip. As far as the pretzel appetizer is concerned it really is nothing more than hot dough. Would I order it again, probably not. The Burning Love burger was good as always. It seemed though that I didn't get very many fries in the basket. The root beer float was yummy as always too.
4	We enjoyed their burgers a great deal.  We particularly enjoyed the special "Octoberfest" burger.  The service was quick, polite and the food was good.  I'd recommend the Red Robin.
3	So we're back at Red Robin. My red royalty card entitled me to a free gingerbread milkshake. My wife made vomiting sounds when she was informed of this. But the reality was that it was a very tasty shake. It was accompanied by the metal shake container as well.I ordered a Tropical sunburn burger as my meal and Yukon chips and onion dip as an appetizer. The Yukon chips were a $2 menu item. The chips themselves were tasty. The onion dip was powdered & tasted like it was from a box. Another item not to be bothered with.The Tropical Sunburn Burger sounded interesting & the pineapple mango slaw was quite tasty. It'll be a burger that I'll order again. But I won't be ordering the sweet potato fries. They are two thinly cut & have no flavor whatsoever.
3	Big, I mean BIG, burgers and a jumping atmosphere.  That is what you are getting and that is what you are paying for.  That and the endless french fries.  Big ol' steak fries that never stop coming.  It is the American heart attack dream come true.  Only three stars though because it really didn't have a personality of its own.  Yes, you can customize any burger with any toppings or buns but... The place looks like 1950-present decor thrown up all over the walls. I would definitely classify the place as "A-OK" and would go back.. Just not going to go out of my way to make sure I work it into the routine or anything.  But seriously, if you want a kick butt no nonsense burger, endless fries, and a variety of really cool drinks.  Then Red Robin is your place.  Enjoy,-Ian M.
4	Went here last night and have to say service from Emily was great! Burgers where good for a chain and the Onion Rings and sauce was great. We have ate here a few times but this was some of the best food and service we have ever gotten.
3	great place for the kiddies! food is always consistant here. staff is very friendly.  one of few good chain resaurants left.
1	Been there twice now (many years apart) - both times I felt like it was a waste of money.  Staff was disorganized, slow and only "just friendly enough".  Quality was mediocre - I expected better for a sit-down.  We have 4 kids, 17-11 and none were impressed.  My 14 year old son wouldn't even eat the chicken fingers (which he always loves at other places or at home) he ordered - they were pretty nasty.  None of the kids want to come back - and kids want to go out whenever possible! (has no bearing on my wife's cooking - she's great)
1	Horrid
4	I ordered a chophouse burger for dinner this evening along with the bottomless root beer float. We hadn't been to Red Robin in quite sometime mainly owing to having outrageously busy work schedules. The burger was excellent but I drank too many floats before it arrived. It was nice to receive a red royalty discount of 10% off the bill.(4/7/13)
4	I order the California grill chicken sandwich which came with guacamole bacon cheese on it along with fries and I ordered a side salad it was very delicious I will come back it was kind of expensive but I had the chocolate molding brownie with ice cream for dessert so the total checking to 17 dollars and 6 cents so I get 4 stars instead of 5 because I feel like the price kind of expensive
3	Our first time here. Burgers are pricier than other burger joints. They are char broiled. Web urges had a good taste and were good sized.  They are accompanied by never ending steak fries, if you so choose. A lot to eat. Our server was attentive and kept the ice tea flowing. I think there are better choices out there if you are in a burger mood. BT's is one place that has a great burger for a lot less $$.
3	Not my first choice but I'd return someday. More of a kids/ family vibe. Which is great if you have kids. But on the other hand a bit pricey...
3	(6/15/2013) Well its a Saturday night and the place is filling up with kids. I ordered another Hawaiian heart throb smoothie. My wife is having sweet tea. We ordered the chips & French onion dip & the full order of riblets off the $9 appetizer menu.First off the chips were cold even though some of them still had a lot of oil on them. The French onion dip tasted like a packet of French onion soup mix was dumped into some cream. Despite these problems we ate it all because the $9 riblets were worse. How much worse you may ask? Well for $9 you receive 8 riblets on a bed of the same chips that came with the dip. The eight riblets might have equaled three full size ribs. Like any ribs the riblets were 95% bone and 5% meat. The riblets were also barely warm & had almost no flavor or sauce. My wife said we would never order them again & I concurred.My wife ordered chicken strips as her main meal. There were three strips altogether with french fries. I felt daring & ordered the Beserker Burger which was promoting some movie. I should've stuck to the regular menu. The Beserker came on a red platter with a hammered aluminum cup around the fries. The cup had no bottom so it had to be kept on the platter. Still its a step in the right direction...The burger did not have a wrapper around it. It did have a useless wooden paddle speared through its center advertising the movie. When I tried picking up the burger to eat it, it fell apart. I had to eat it with a knife and fork. It had some special onion straws on it that tasted no differently than the onion straws found on any other burger.The highlight of the burger was the spicy pickles. The pickles were crunchy & seasoned nicely.Now on to the service or lack of it from our server Stephanie. I can't think of a lot of excuses why she seemed to think that my smoothie would refill itself. And I can't forgive waiting 15 minutes for her to remember to put the drink order in with the bartender! Empty plates sat on the table waiting to be removed. She wasn't personable in any manner & made me wish that one of our regular servers had been working the bar that evening. What made it worse in my eyes was the fact that the burger was my birthday burger.I think we'll just go on weekday nights. The three stars are for the pickles and the smoothie only.
1	August 3, 2013, This night was not a good red robin night. I guess it was a blue night. We have dined here before therefore, we knew what to expect at this restaurant. I ordered the clam chowder soup as an appetizer. This took forever to come and when it finally came, it was about 3 minutes before the food came. Then the soup was running like a river. I was upset about that and then it was a river soup. The orders were all messed up. We ordered black beans and they bought out fries. My son ordered grilled chicken and oranges and they bought him grill cheese and fries. I guess the waitress was ordering our food for us tonight. Once that was corrected and the manager came over you would think things would have gotten better... auuuh NOT!! They forgot the black beans and when it finally came out.. it was cold. Now what in the world. Really... how are black beans cold. That makes no sense at all. That basically told us the pot was not on at all. Then the manager visited our table again. Soo when it was all said and done the manager treated us to nice deserts. Since the meals were all jacked up from the beginning to the end. We had the mud pie which was good ice cream for days and I had the brownie which was delicious. We may return but not sure if it will be this year. They were just completely off tonight. We have visited this location several times. We were very disappointed in the service tonight. Maybe time will change something's... next year.
4	Love the new plating and the food has bumped up in presentation and flavor. Plus what kid or fry lover can resist bottomless fries? The healthy options are a plus,  definitely a worthy burger spot.
4	Crispy chicken sandwich, can't go wrong
2	Not impressed.... I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries and peach tea. Over all I didn't want to finish my food. The burger was sloppy and the fries were very salty. Not easy to eat. My tea just wasn't good and I'm a tea lover soooooo yea....Service was great and the venue seemed clean.
4	Great variety, including lots of healthy choices.  Great for families or parties.  Service has been pretty quick the times that we have gone.
3	So seven months later we are back at Red Robin.  (1/23/14) They have a new signature burger called the smoke and pepper burger a pepper lover's delight. I thought ok that sounds good and like the berserker burger on my last visit it was a disappointment. But I'm getting ahead of myself. .. Since the last time we were there the menu had been completely redesigned and prices had gone up. The bar area was very cold as well. It was cold to the point that I had to put my jacket on. The manager blamed our table's proximity to the door but I couldn't feel any heat coming through any of the three vents near our booth. So I ordered the newest burger. My wife had the Arctic cod and chips.  She seemed to enjoy her meal. I had a sweet tea and a bottomless root beer float. I've always enjoyed the root beer floats and this time was no exception. They had changed the composition by putting the ice cream on the top instead of putting it on the bottom. I got through the original and a refill before I was full. The smoke and pepper burger was on a ciabatta roll. It had peppered bacon and ketchup with pepper in it. You really couldn't taste the pepper at all. Strangely even though I could feel the heat of the sandwich it was barely warm. The fries were cold as well. I ate maybe half of the burger before I pulled it apart to see what was peppered. I had thought that the burger would be peppered but it wasn't it just had a smear of peppered ketchup, very disappointing. The highlight of the meal was spending time with my wife and the root beer float. I really need to consult my Yelp reviews before I order there again. The stars are for our server Lydia who gave us great service and the float only.
1	Having worked in so many restaurants before, service is something I always pay attention to when eating out. The service at Red Robin was terrible. We were not even acknowledged for 20 minutes. When we were finally greeted, it took another 10 minutes for us to get drinks. The manager tried to redeem herself and paid for our appetizers and took our order. Somehow my burger was still not cooked to order as I had specified. The server kept picking up our glasses and taking them instead of just refilling them. Then she wouldn't even bring them back. The only thing I ate was my fries. Tables around us received service and were in, fed and out long before we were. I just couldn't believe that that many servers just kept walking by us without even saying anything. Very disappointing. I won't be back.
2	(5/25/14) We are eating in the bar area this evening.  Kiel is our server. I'm going to be having the Burning Love burger with fiery ghost pepper sauce. My wife is having the clucks and fries. Everything was decent but nothing stood out. It seems like every time I go there to eat the place is empty. I think that the decline in food with actual flavors is responsible for that.(6/15/14) My wife and I went here tonight for my birthday hamburger. We were served by an usually chipper server named Ryan. My wife had no appetite so she ordered a bowl of onion soup. I had the Cantina Jack burger. Both selections were poor choices as we were to discover later in the meal. I also had a bottomless root beer float, something that I am fond of, this evening however the float was more ice cream than root beer. It was very difficult to chug it down. My wife's onion soup was served in a tiny bowl and a third of it was a slice of bread with melted cheese draped over it.The Cantina Jack burger was limp. It said on the menu that it had mild green chilis but I had to tear the burger apart to find less than half a teaspoon of chili paste at the center of the burger, how disappointing. The burger had no flavor and it's limpness prevented it from being lifted and not falling apart in my hands. They should never have abandoned the burger wrappers. Ryan was trying overly hard to see if I could drink 9 root beer floats,  a goal that I had no intention of surpassing. He offered the last one to me as a to go cup placing the empty cup on the table. I should've just left at that point but I tried to pour the float into the cup and poured it down the front of my pants instead.
4	The 4th of July,  no better time for a burger! Matt is our server in the bar area today. The restaurant itself is pretty empty. We have ordered a bonanza of appetizers consisting of a shorty stack of onion rings,  artichoke dip and wings maui-style.First impressions of the appetizers are that the artichoke dip is served in a tiny bowl with approximately 20 chips.My wife wasn't pleased by it so I passed on it. The shorty stack of onion rings had six batter dipped onion rings that were very tasty. My wife had the wings as her main course. She said that they were alright. I had been looking forward to eating a burning love burger. But once again they changed its composition so it was but a shell of its formerly spicy self. Cross another burger off of my favorite list. I again had the root beer floats. Matt made sure that a refill was always within reach. Without decent company and good service the rating this afternoon would've been in the 2 star range. This time the service carried the day.
4	Nice burger place to eat at for lunch.   And it's quick service.   You can be in and out within an hour.  My favorites on the menu consist of the whiskey river bbq burger, mini wedge salad, red's tavern double, Whiskey river bbq chicken wrap, freckled lemonade, and their bottomless fries.  You can't go wrong with eating here.   My food is consistently good.   Yum!
5	Ae have dined here a number of times, including busy Friday evenings.  We've always had good luck with short wait times and quick delivery of our meals.  The prices are reasonable, and the food is good.
3	Picked up lunch for my dad and I on a Monday just after noon and the restaurant was not busy. We always enjoy the food which is why the 3 stars. I knocked off 2 stars for incidentals. Woman who took my to go order at the bar didn't offer me even a glass of water while I waited. As I sat there observing I believe she was even a manager. Another woman handed me my check. Still no drink offer. I usually always tip on a to go order. Not this time. Also the bar top was dirty. Not just crumbs but also some solidified liquid stuff. Finally I saw a server use a drinking glass to get ice out of the ice bin multiple times. That is such a huge no no in the restaurant biz. As much as I like RR I'm not sure I will be back anytime soon. There are plenty of great burger places out there with better customer service, friendlier staff, and better standards.
3	I hate to give 3 stars honestly. This is also not because of the food. Food here is pretty good with many many options. I met my friend/broker here for a mid lunch before the closing of my home. It was slow because of it being after the lunch rush. We sat at the bar. Usually service at the bar is great but not this time. It was slow and long. We also didn't have everything we needed when our food came. I.E. Silverware and condiments. And my friend was missing an item off his plate. We managed to get out of there in time to be 5 minutes late for the closing. While the food is good, the service can improve.
2	If you like your food hot, right, or fast this is not the place for you. If your idea of a "bottomless cup" is more than 0 refills this is not the place for you. If you expect flatware or napkins or waitstaff that checks on you at all, this is not the place for you. Too bad because I love Red Robin burgers and shakes but this place has some serious problems with their dinner service.
