3	This is where we stayed on our little jaunt to Vegas. Four Queens isn't on the Strip, but it is right on Fremont, so you can do plenty of souvenir shopping and catch the light show pretty easily. Everything was sort of run-down and tired, like much of the Old Quarter, but there is plenty of charm. I didn't expect there to be a casino, but there was. I think tourists might like the prices here; significantly cheaper than staying at a hotel on the Strip. It's really not that bad if you're wanting to throw away most of your money gambling instead of on the hotel room. There are shuttles and buses to the strip, so visitors can hop on one of those and head to one of the many, many buffets Vegas has to offer. Vegas isn't really my cup of tea, but again, I think tourists will really enjoy the ridiculous excess and craziness of everything while saving a pretty penny on lodgings.** funny, I used "isn't my cup of tea" to describe Vegas twice. not sure why Vegas brings out the old lady Estelle in me, but it does, apparently!
3	At the Four Queens, they have a public restaurant located within this downtown craphole...okay it wasn't that bad, but I seriously hate low-ceiling hotels/casinos...feels so suffocating.  Anyways, moving on to the food review, I forget the restaurant name but it was like a cafe that had a special $8.25 prime rib specials, $6,40 /w player's card.  This is what my friends and I all ordered and it came with a salad or soup , choice of potato, and some steamed veges.  We all ordered mashed potatoes with our prime rib and when the orders finally came after 45 minutes...we were all pissed and hungry as hell so we decided to pester the waitresses and say we ordered French fries with our ribs so, a few minutes later, the waitress brought out a huge plate of fries.  The prime rib was decent, nothing special but what do you expect for 8.25...well actually with player's club the special was only $6.40! What a steal!
4	The 4 Queens is the 4 Queens. It's not Cesar's Palace, it's not MGM Grand. It's a really cheap place to stay while in Vegas. You'll have a clean room with great service and all the employees will treat you well. If you pay more than $75 a night you're paying far too much - I think my rate was $35 a night on a May weekend. Compare that to $200+ for the lower-end Strip casino/hotels.Make sure you get a room high up if you're in the north tower - the Fremont light show can disturb you otherwise.
2	Of all the many many times I've come to Vegas (and I've been coming to Vegas since I was ten), I've never stayed near Fremont Street until this past visit. It's definitely a different vibe down towards that side of town - better? worse? That's more personal preference.The Four Queens Hotel was a little weird, partly because you need to get this paper placard to put on your dash in order to get free parking. Yes, parking is NOT free unless you stay at that hotel (which seemed odd to me since I'm so used to the Strip and parking wherever/whenever you want). It's not that big a hassle but definitely a little weird.Location wise, you're close to Fremont Street and get to see the street performers and things going on down there. The light show was nothing special, we spent most of our time watching the spray paint artist make paintings with just a couple cans of paint. Definitely more fun than straining our necks watching an outdated light show...The room itself wasn't half bad, but you definitely cannot compare it to the usual Vegas hotels. I don't remember much else, I wasn't in the room for very long - I spent most of my day down by the Strip in order to get the Vegas experience I'm used to. If you don't care about the Strip want want to check out the Fremont experience, you can consider the Four Queens. But, if you're looking for the Vegas Strip - go there instead. Fremont Street can't really compare.
2	We parked here and validated the ticket ourselves at the machine by the cashiers. When we left, we were told that parking was $3 and the validation was only for 3 hours. What? Boo.I got propositioned by a weird tattoo shop owner outside the bathrooms. He had some silicon implants shaped like stars in his forehead. Weird.We were gonna go to this "College Night" at the Canyon Club since one of our friends didn't have an ID and it was 18+ but they were charging a $10 cover. What the HECK? For underage people? What a rip-off, man. We just left.
3	HALF A DOZEN CLEARLY MARKED 6/9 VIDEO POKER MACHINES!---------Despite the belief that downtown Vegas is small time, most of the Casino's are still owned by fairly large corporations (annual revenues between $400 million and billions).   The Four Queens and Binions are owned by local businessman Terry Caudill. Four Queens is a genuine small local casino where you might actually run into the owner. If you are a $25 a hand blackjack dealer you are much more likely to be treated well here than in a big place.  Four Queens has a branch of the Chicago Brew Pub which is also owned by Terry Caudill. The gourmet steak and seafood place is named Hugo's Cellar. Join the player's club, as you will get specials on food.They recently opened a club www.canyonclub.net with a side entrance by the Golden Nugget.
4	This review is only for the hotel.  A friend stayed here last year for the WSOP for three weeks.  He got a great deal on the room and best of all - it was actually nice.  I remembered being a little amazed when I walked into the suite, I thought it would be all old and Granny style.  He got upgraded to a suite, and it was freshly renovated, had new furniture and a 37" flat screen, Ballin Strip style, no historical artifacts in sight.  It worked out great for him as a "base of operations" during his extended poker jaunt.I would do what you can to get a suite though, I don't think the regular rooms are as nice.  A suite here should cost you one half to one third what the Venetian is asking.Also if you were set on gambling downtown I think the Golden Nugget and Binions are more fun.  Stay here, gamble there.
4	I was surprised because I expected it to be really dingy but it was very nice....room. Of course the rest of the place had the old fremont experience. Better than that Tropicana that's for sure.
3	My gf had called and she got upgraded to a suite. We were like huh? How did that happen?Well the toilets had overflooded all over the place [insert mental picture] and so yea... suite it is.Remember... Have people come over and clog your toilet so that you get upgraded.Man I am just full of great advice.Anyway. The place was okay. The room itself was big. There were probably like 15 or so of us in the room, hanging out before the boy and I went to Beatle's Revolution Lounge. There was a big space where everyone could dance, chill out, and stuff so that was nice. The hotel itself was cheesy, but it's old school so what do you expect?I definitely won't be staying here anytime soon. I don't know about you guys but I don't want to witness the toilet overflowing phenomenon. I will come over after you get upgraded and throw a big party though.:D
1	This was the worst Las Vegas experience, nay, worst vacation experience of my life.  I assumed I would save some money staying in downtown, but the additional $20 in taxi fees would have purchased a better room on the strip for the night I was there. The experience got much worse on arrival to the hotel.  Nobody offered to take my bag to my room on the 17th floor and I found the elevators were broken.  I had to carry my bag up 17 floors in a sweltering hot (not air conditioned) stairwell.  When I went out again, the elevator wasn't yet fixed and I had to do the same down the stairs.  When asked for some discount or compensation for my troubles, I was offered a coupon for a buy one get one free drink at their bar.  The gambling was fine, but the whole downtown experience sucked.   Shell out a little extra money and get a place on the strip.  At least don't stay here.
2	The 4 Queens was ok. The only downside was that it seemed like every person there was smoking like freight trains. The place looked run down and old. Half of the slot machines were gross and yellowed and wouldn't want to touch it if I was in gloves. Every body there I felt like I was in danger of being jumped in the casino. Other than the two other things the 4 queens wasn't so bad. Just that I have experienced better in downtown Las Vegas.
2	If it looks like an ashtray, smells like an ashtray....then it Must be an ashtray!This place seriously needs a renovation.   The chairs are dirty, the gambling chips are dirty, the carpet has pretty much soaked up all the years of cigarette and cigar smoke as a filter.   Ventilation sucks as well.   You can just feel and sense the dirty microbes in the air quality.  Go back and spend your time in the Golden Nugget, next door.
3	Pros: *Old Vegas. Sometimes it's nice when they don't renovate things and you can take a step back in time if you will. I do love the Golden Nugget, but when I'm in there I honestly feel like I've stepped foot into Bellagio's baby sister or something. *Hugo's Cellar. yummy, romantic, great serviceCons:*On a saturday night they didn't have anything below $10 on blackjack. $10 downtown!?!? That's a crime.*my friends and I all lost to their asian lady dealers. They were machines, man!
2	What do you have to do to get a drink in this place?  Played quarter slots for over an hour and never even saw a cocktail waitress in the area.  I liked the casino.  Everyone looked like they were having a great time....but no complimentary beverages to be found!  They should do better.
1	Bedbugs... need I say more?  I woke up covered in welts... so did my buddies.  I guess we got what we paid for.  I'll never stay here again.  I would write a longer review, but the bedbugs just make it all moot.
4	Located on Fremont street, 4 Queens is part of the older Las Vegas. My review of 4 Queens is based solely on their casino bar. Fremont street seems to have gotten a huge makeover, above the street there's a giant LCD/Plasma screen that covers the entire street. It's the first time I've seen it and it's pretty amazing at night. I was pleasantly surprised when I was told their well drinks were $3.25. It's funny how I consider that a bargain price these days coming from the bay area. The bar and casino were not that impressive, but we had an azn bartender that poured some stiff drinks and mixed up some deceptively savage cocktails for my friend Sarah. Our plan was to booze it here and walk down the street to Beauty Bar, and the Griffin to hang out but we ended our night here. Generally speaking I think it's a good plan, I'll have to try it next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I stayed here the weekend after New Years.  I don't remember going to Old Vegas growing up, so I decided that this trip I would stay there.  We got a great deal through another site online, so we decided to stay at the Four Queens.  When we got there the guy at the desk said our reservations were for 2 nights, not 3.  Another desk clerk said the same thing.  The third desk clerk I approached about this actually took a minute to check all the paperwork and found out that it was a 3 night reservation. We got there and got stuck with a smoking room.  Our reservations were for a non-smoking.  The hotel isn't fancy.  The location on Freemont street is great.  Nothing great to eat here.  It was okay.  Since there are soo many places to stay in Vegas, this is one I wouldn't really recommend, unless you're paying $15 a night.
3	I ended up in this hotel via a super last minute trip. We got a good deal for being a Saturday night stay. I was expecting cigar and puke smell up and down this casino. To my surprise it was clean and a different world from the Fremont st. experience. The room was nice and clean I will say the bathroom was bit smaller than most hotels. The only drawback to this place is the very tiny check in counter. In the end it is still a good place for being downtown.
4	We paid $30 for an entire 3 night 4 day stay. (not per night, for the whole thing) my husband & I are avid deal seekers.I was pleasantly surprised! I was truly expecting a dump and figured with bringing our son we might have to forfeit the $30 and stay somewhere else.****If you like slots, make sure to play the pinball slots here!The only thing that really bothered me during the trip was the parking garage and the elevator in the parking garage was very jerky.They charged us for parking, which I thought was pretty stupid being that I have parked at many hotels on the strip for free (free Valet anyone?). But since it was so cheap for the stay I didn't complain much.The desk clerk was an old unfriendly woman, but she was working at 3am at the 4 queens so she has her reasons haha.We got $10 in free slot play, you could only keep what you won of it, I walked away with $7.50 for free woot! Also gave me a free Deck of Cards that came in a silver case, it was nice. Overall everything was very clean and didn't smell smokey to me which I am very germophobic . Don't go here expecting a lot. Yes it is very very old. The street noise and the lights event on fremont did not disturb us or our babies sleep.
3	I stayed here during my vacation so i was mainly concerned about location and a clean room. When I called to confirm a day prior the guy who answered said they were auditing and to call back in an hour which I thought was strange. When I called back, he seemed aggravated but confirmed so I was leery at this point. When I got there, check-in was fast, the desk clerk was friendly and I was able to check in early. The staff was friendly throughout and the only problems I have is the water pressure changes and makes a strange sound and the elevators are like the Deuce. There are only 2 so be patient because they take forever to arrive and you may not get on. The room was in the north tower and was quiet and had an in room safe. The bed was comfy too. Restaurants,movie theater, Walgreens, and the Deuce (a double decker bus) are within a 5 minute walk. I stayed for 4 nights and would stay there again since all I need in Vegas was the basics.
4	This is a great location and basic room that had an in-room safe. There are lots of cheap restaurants to choose from, a place where you can buy cheap tickets for shows is downstairs, walking distance to Walgreens and the Deuce and the check-in was quick and very friendly. I was even able to check in after 1 which was great.There are only 2 elevators per tower so if you're in a hurry to get somewhere, leave early. it's like waiting for the Deuce, you may get on or you may not. Also, the water pressure changes as you're taking a showergreat deal if you're just looking for a basic clean room with no frills. I spent my vacation here and it worked for me. No bugs, no hairs, no problem.Also, if you want to make a reservation or confirm it, don't do so late at night because they audit during those times and you have to call back which I thought was strange.
3	The rooms are modern??? (see other reviewers) They must've not liked me. I got a room that was furnished straight out of a don knotts movie! It was , however, cheap and close to the action. The view out of our window was of Fremont itself. I didn't really take in the casino, as i don't really gamble. Well, i gambled on getting bed bugs there. I swear i saw Roy Horn's tiger getting valet service, but it could also have been that lady who gets to much plastic surgery and resembles a cat. What's her name? oh, yeah. Joan Rivers. Viva las four queens!
3	It's after Midnight and we are Hungry damn it !!!Magnolia's Cafe to the rescue, hell yeah fast friendly service, the portions are really good for how little you pay, yeah the staff looks bored and are a little slow, but hell its the middle of the night and I am getting my Grub on!!Had the Steak and Eggs and I ordered my Steak Med Rare and it was perfectly cooked, just right a little pink in the center and warm on the outside, I think it was the Hawaiian that I got and it comes with eggs and rice and toast filled me up with out being too much foodif in the need of a late night meal downtown this is the place in my eyes
4	Where to begin? We have always stayed on the strip: New York New York, Mandalay, Treasure Island, etc. This time we decided to stay on Fremont Street. It was Memorial Day weekend 2009 so we expected the rates to be really high; however, $79/night for the weekend @ The Four Queens (and comparable prices all around this area), we asked around and found out that The Four Queens is a pretty nice hotel for what you pay. So we made our reservation... From start to finish everything was great! Reservations went off without a hitch, we called to let them know would be in around 10pm and they said no problem, easy to check in, valet parking, friendly staff, etc. When we got to our room it was very clean, roomy (compared to what I had read previously on Yelp), and quiet. The Bellman was super friendly and took us straight up to our room on the 9th floor. We had plenty of towels and they replenished them daily (fluffy towels, BTW) and a flat screen T.V.We ate twice in the all night diner and the food was great (they even cooked the hashbrowns perfectly) :)I really can not give any negatives on this hotel. We spent the $21 each way on a cab for the nightlife at the big casino hotels, but we would have spent close to that anyway to get back and forth on the strip. The only reason that I am giving The Four Queens 4 stars instead of 5 is because they do not have a gym or pool (but the pool across the way @ Binions is AWESOME!).
3	This is a review for Magnolia's.  I come here every so often and I don't really expect too much from this place.  They have a small selection of island food, which is nice for my husband because I won't eat Spam.  I always get the hot dog, one because I'm cheap ass and two because it's actually pretty good.  Today just must not have been a good day for service.  They had a few servers and some helpers bringing drinks and bread baskets.  It seemed like it took forever to get our oder taken, then a few minutes later another gal came over and asked what we were drinking.  Not once did we get any re-fills at our table, but it didn't matter much the iced tea tasted like it was salted.  I will come back to this place if I'm in the area but I'm just not going to keep my hopes up.
2	My 2 star rating of the 4 Queens is actually somewhat generous, upon second glance.  The 4 Queens comes with one draw, and one draw only: the proximity to Fremont Street.  If this attraction is not on your to-do list, stay away.  I was silly to think that everyone should experience this at least once.  And maybe I'm better for the wear that I did- but rest assured I will be staying on the strip from now on.Don't misunderstand me- to visit, Fremont street is fine.  The casinos hark back to the good old days, the tables can be played cheap, and the crowds are almost never overwhelming.  But with world class hotels only a taxi ride away and typically only $40-$60 more per night at the most, why would you bother staying down here?  Hindsight truly is 20/20.Once you get a taste of the rooms at even Harrah's, you realize that lodging at the 4 Queens is a one-off experience.  The rooms are dark and antiquated- not in a nostalgic way, just an annoying one; the bathroom is tiny; and, if your room is near ours, you're looking at a wall. And three people's luggage (not trans-Atlantic steamer trunks, just enough for 3 people for 3 days) crowded the room more than it should have.  Hardly motivates the excitement Vegas is known for.  To be fair, I was violently sick the night I stayed there.  Possibly food poisoning, I don't know for sure.  But, crazy enough, this may render me more qualified to comment on this room.  Since I was getting in and out of the bed to visit the bathroom, I can say that the mattress was hardly up to the task, somewhat lumpy where supportive would have been appreciated.  The bathroom, as I said small, was also not even large enough to close the door if you were standing (or kneeling, in this case) in front of the toilet.  Like I say, next time in Vegas, I'll be staying on the strip.  I will desire 4 Queens on the poker table only.
5	Stayed there from june 11th-14th and on that friday i won 400.00 on there machines so thats the most I've won in vegas.... The service was nice and the staff was friendly. Magnolia's grill was very good as well. I's go back there in a heart beat...
2	not much attraction here other than be in old Vegas. rooms are old but can't expect much for anything in old Vegas. good place if you're trying to save so money
2	I stayed at the Four Queens for 4 midweek nights. I had read previous reviews and asked for a room in the back away from Fremont Street noise and lights. They gave me the room I wanted. Overall, the room was decent. Single King and the flat screen TV was a nice surprise. It was clean although a bit small. I Usually stay at Harrah's or Rio on Comps but I didn't come to gamble this trip so I figured I ought to pay my way. Got a deal @ Hotels.com for $17 a night for the first three but stayed and extra and had to pay $25 for the fourth night.  That said- I did gamble a bit and lost my ass. Don't play at the Bars video poker, Both bars sucked up some decent cash. A well tipped bartender told me that the bar machines are set low to get the walk by dollars. In 4 days, never saw one hand pay and I spent a lot of time in the Casino bar areas. Never heard a bell ring a jackpot. I Suggest you don't gamble here and  I won't go back. If I'm gonna drop that kind of cash, I ain't gonna spend it there anymore. I found Fitz to be much more generous after talking to the Bartender. Bless  that fellow. I prefer a decent room and a decent payback. I don't expect to always win but I want some play money back. Gambling here sucks... Oh yeah, the first night I was there, the bartender asked me what I am drinking while I am choosing a machine, comes back and asks me to pay for my drink but I told him I was about to be gambling- at the same time I am reaching for my cash- Dickhead gives me the yeah right look until I put my cash into the machine. Same guy at the bars the rest of the trip, always eyeballin me. What a jerkoff... NoTip For You although I tipped the other BTdrs.  haha  If you're there only for the room fine, if it's gamblin your after- go elsewhere....
5	I didn't stay at the hotel but I gambled here.....All the people at the casino are sooooooooooooo friendly it's crazy compared to all the highclass men in black people at the fancy strip motels..and it smelled like fruit punch whenever I walked in! ha.....TIP: park in the parking garage for free parking with validation...you can get your ticket validated on the left side of the cashier it's a do it yourself validation machine
1	"3000+ miles in 7 days" : this was the 6th hotel stop on the asian bus tour (from CA to yellowstone to mt rushmore to vegas) that my mom and i went on this past summer...scale of 1-5 (1 = awful; 5 = good) for:1. cleanliness: 22. comfort: 23. bathroom: 3 (awesome shower pressure!)TOTAL: 7 out of 15standard amenities: smaller room, not on the strip (but you can take the deuce (public shuttle) to the strip, and a nice flat screen w/cable.
4	All you 2- and 3-star reviewers out there are crazy! This one is a diamond in the rough, as far as the casino goes. Four Queens is my one and only, all-time favorite place to gamble. I go to Four Queens every time I am in Vegas. EVERY time. Every time I win any money, it happens at Four Queens. I have played blackjack, blackjack "switch," craps, keno, and even the damn SLOTS and have won money here! Uh... except at the bar. Don't bother with the video poker at the bars. Gambling is cheap, cocktail waitresses are attentive, and staff has fun with you as well. The only real downside is the hotel. I've been in two rooms here and the walls are pretty thin. You can hear everything - talking, flushing, even humping all the way down the hallway. And they still use those yucky multi-colored covers on the beds. At King's Bar, you can get a huge beer in a football-shaped cup with a straw, if you're so inclined to do so.
2	Hotel was very moderately priced - especially compared to the hotels/casinos on the strip.  I was visiting as part of a college reunion. The objective was a cheap place to stay and lots of low stakes tables. The Four Queens and the downtown casinos fit the bill. If I was staying by myself I would have given the place a higher rating, but my wife was with me and she felt the place was dump..small rooms, barely clean, lots of noise (we were directly across from - like 10 feet away - from the Fremont Street experience). She thought it was old roadside motel quality and overpriced even at rock bottom prices.
3	I didn't stay in the hotel, but I did gamble here. The dealers here are very friendly and helpful, at least on the craps tables they are. And when I found a slot machine that suited me, I sat down and played it for an hour or so. It ended up paying like a cash cow. So, yes, I'd say this place is "A-OK".
2	This hotel is located in downtown Las Vegas.  It is located next to the Fremont Street Experience.  On my first visit to the hotel I was not impressed. The room smelled like an ashtray.  The air that came out of the AC also smelled like an ashtray.  The bathroom was small and cramped.  They should replace the bathroom door with a sliding door, this would create more space for the bathroom.  There were not enough electrical outlets for me to use my Iphone and mac book.  Moreover, they charge like 8 dollars for WiFi. Furthermore, the room did not have enough light in it.  However, the water pressure of the shower is very strong.  They do offer complimentary coffee, but not decaf.  In addition, the Fremont Street Experience is really cool.  My second visit was a bit better.  The ashtray smell was much less noticeable.  My recommendation is to get a smoke free room, and a room that is higher up and further away from the ground floor casino  as possible.
3	Magnolia Restaurant: below average coffee shop type food, I would stay away.Chicago Brewpub: great selection of microbrews including root beer.  The food was also pretty good pub food.Hotel: clean and exactly what you expect from a room, not many frills but you don't spend a lot of time on there anyway.Casino: for blackjack, search around for the tables around the perimeter that deal smaller decks and pay 3 to 2 for a BJ(bet $10 and you win $15 plus your original bet back).  That's right, some of the tables only pay 6 to 5 (bet $10 and you win $12 plus your original bet back)!
2	I have wanted to stay here for years and by that I mean decades because I'm an old mfk-er that used to stay at the Westward Ho (RIP).Well I got my wish - $26 a night + tax = $30 = I'm thinking I'm just getting too old to deal with this kind of shit.The rooms are super sparten & you can't change your mind in the bathroom if you try REAL HARD. The plumbing must be ANCIENT because at 3 a.m. I went to the biffy, flushed it and this toilet turned in to a GEYSER OF AMAZING QUALITY. The water was rushing in such a torrent it was going out into the HALLWAY.Maintainence dudes arrived STAT - half to give them credit for that but they fixed it - brought in some big assed gizmo to allegedly sop up the water (which did jack shit) then threw a bunch of TOWELS over it. The floor was still soggy as hell. Ugh. I had to walk over this for another 12 hours. Or 16. Whatever. It sucked.The brewpub was minimally interesting with over priced shrimp cocktails and the Magnolia was absolutely a D for breakfast. The hash browns tasted like they had just been fried next to some FISH. YUCK. I CAN COOK A BETTER BREAKFAST.I didn't gamble here after the above mentioned fiasco's - I was GLAD it was the week nearing CES so I COULD MOVE TO A CHEAPER NICER HOTEL. Because the secret is they LOWER prices at the LAST MINUTE.
2	If the hotel hadn't been actively fumigating some rooms for bedbugs when I stayed here, I'd have slept better.I decided to attend CES last-minute and as all the strip hotels were in full-blown gouge mode, we just decided to stay cheap at the Four Queens in Fremont.  We I thought had realistic expectations and the hotel had a lot of reviews suggesting that the place was a passable stay.  Unfortunately, 2 of the rooms a couple doors down from ours had very prominent and detailed pest control company signs taped to them.  We tore our bed to shreds looking for evidence of bedbugs in our room and didn't see any, but I'm not an expert tracking them down and as a result I had a pretty rough time getting comfortable.  I was paranoid about putting my bag down anywhere near the beds as well, as bedbugs are a really nasty problem you can take home with you.  I didn't wake up with welts (as Johnny N did looking at his photos) thank God.If not for the fumigation notices peppered throughout the hotel during my stay I might have given the hotel a mild recommendation to college students on a budget or something.  I think some people got really carried away with their praise of the place in reviews I read on tripadvisor, but clearly it did not look as bad as you would expect for what you pay (especially on booking.com) and all the staffmembers we talked to were actually pretty helpful and friendly.  We also liked the low limit gambling downstairs. The flat screen TVs in the rooms (in case anyone was wondering) were not HD though. I had read that the South Towers had been remodeled and/or were newer so I requested to stay there and furniture, etc. was pretty new.  The bathroom was probably the worst part of the room with a old bargain showerhead and trashed floor.The place appears really popular with seniors based on the people we rode in the rickety elevators up and down with.  I will not be back though.  I'm just now noticing Johnny N's review, and from that it looks like they've had problems with bedbugs for at least a year...
3	An old hotel/casino on Fremont.  The building is old and so are its occupants and players.  The hotel is part of the old strip or "Old Vegas" as some people call it.For about $45/night, you get what you would expect for any other budget hotel in Vegas.  There's wifi internet there, but you'll have to pay extra.  The building goes up to like 20 floor.  They have room service if you want to pay for it, but the menu is small and steep.  The room service did a fine job of cleaning and making our beds.  They have an in room safe for you to use too.  Some of the rooms have old CRT TVs and others have LCDs.On the bottom floor, you'll find a bar that charges $4 for a bottle of beer (you can go outside across the street and get one for $2).  It has a small cafeteria place consisting from Dreyer's icecream, Subway, and a small pizza joint, all run by the same people.  Two other restaurants there, the Cellar (leads to some sort of basement or cellar, duh) and Magnolia that leads up to an balcony height restaurant.  TIP:  pull the 1 free play slot machine and get a flyer for coupons and sign up for the Royal Player Club card (for free) and cash in those coupons.  They'll save you a lot of money if you're planning to eat at the restaurant.I was staying there for Market Week, and there's a charter bus that went to and from there and the World Trade Center.  Since it's on Fremont, every hour, on the hour, you'll definitely hear the show from the "WORLD'S BIGGEST TV SCREEN" from your room.  Incase for those you that don't know, there have a giant video show the lines Fremont Street, worth a look.Sure the hotel isn't a looker, but for $45 bucks, we didn't really care since we were just there for Market Week.
4	This is one of the well known casino/hotels on Fremont St., the original Las Vegas downtown area. It's a totally different atmosphere than The Strip and I would recommend this part of town to the more serious gambler.One of the appeals of Four Queens is blackjack, with one of the last single-deck games left that pays blackjacks 3:2. However, there is only one table and it is often crowded. I played the dealer one-on-one twice and it finished dead even after both sessions. Up $200 in ten minutes, then lost it the next day. Expect two hands dealt per shuffle if the table is full.First time player card referrals get decent sign-up bonuses. I received a two-fer entree at the coffee shop, 10 dollars in slot play which cashed out in full after a couple hands of video poker, and a $10 even money bet at the tables (which is lost with a frickin' 16 hand in blackjack, yuck). These cards are good for hotel comps primarily.Speaking of the rooms, on a Sunday my parents had a comp and my room was $27 before tax. I stayed on the 18th floor. I've heard about fumigation at the hotel but as of the first week of March this appears to be finished. I did not see any bedbugs. The room was no-frills, clean and fairly quiet high up. My favorite part of the room is the desk safe, which is a really nice thing to have in Vegas. If you need someplace to hide money from yourself, to at least make yourself get up from a table before you blow the rent money, the safe is your best friend. Also you don't have to walk the streets with wads of cash in your pockets. The long-ass, rickety elevator ride might give you enough time to come to your senses. Yes, the elevators are slow but appear to be safe.Parking is $3 per day with in/out privileges. There is a business center near the valet entrance where you can use the internet for $1 a minute. Printer pages are 50 cents. There is also an in-house comedy club which I think is two-drink min. Also there is a rental car place next to the front desk where you can get a car in a matter of minutes. Great location, cool old place, no complaints.
4	I stayed back in November we decided to combine two offers one from the 4Q and one from El Cortez our stay at the EC was great we had a Cabana Suite and the slots were looser. Now on the 3rd night we moved over to the 4Q we did some gambling with little luck and retired to our rooms to rest before a Show at the Plaza "Rat Pack is Back" go see it worth every penny, the beds were not as comfy as the EC and the rooom in general was ok like a La Quinta, I did appreciate having a coffee maker. After the show I wasn't feeling so good but decided to plant myself in front of a nickel slot, when the waitress came by I told her wasn't feeling so good could I get a hot tea in less than 10 minutes she returned with a big shot of Whiskey, a hot tea pot, Honey, and some lemons so I could make my own hot toddies, god bless her. Well the next morning I was dying literally with a high fever we asked the housekeeping to come clean the room change the sheets as I had sweat out the sheets, they arrived in minutes.  I never forgot the Waitress kindness, when I returned home I had H1N1 ohhhhh bugger. We figure I caught it on the plane. I'm returning this weekend to the EC but plan to stop by the 4Q find that waitress and give her a big A tip, same goes for the housekeeping staff. I had stayed at the 4Q before but have fallen in love with the EC since a major remodel over the last 3 years, both places have nice staff, decent food and adequate rooms. I would reccomend the 4Q
4	Good place for not alot of money, we booked Easter weekend for three nights and with parking and tax and paid 109.00 total. . .  that was frieken awesome.  The casino was cool, and the experience of being downtown was really cool (this was our third time in Vegas)The room was clean and didn't smell of smoke or anything else nasty, the comforter on the bed was old and the TV was an older flat screen, so not fabulous but fine.  The bathroom was clean and the window opened which I love!  For the price of the room it was great, though if you pay anything more than $45-50 a night, it wouldn't be worth it.  If you want luxury, go to the Strip and expect to pay the money.  We stayed at another budget place on the south strip and hated it . . . we had the best time this trip.Downtown / Fremont St is the older vegas, but if you want to gamble and drink then it is the place to be.  We had two other couples we were partying with staying in the Venetian and after paying $10 a piece for rail drinks couldn't get a drink girl to save their lives, and $11 for a slice of pizza, they were ready to go somewhere else, and we gambled on Fremont everynight of the trip.  The drink girls were plentiful and cuter (according to the guys), and the tables were cheaper, we played $1 roulette ($5 minimum) and $3 blackjack (at other casinos) and had a blast.  I played all night on $20 which was so cool.  I would recommend asking for a room in the south tower above the 5th floor to avoid the crazy noise of Fremont, but if you aren't planning on going to bed before 1 am (which who does in Vegas anyway) then it won't matter where your room is.  We have stayed in lots of budget hotel ($50 and under) across the country and this was one of the nicest cheap rooms ever, and definitely the nicest for $30 a night ever!
2	It's hard to be certain, but I think the fact that I have always stayed on the strip in the "new vegas" hotels might have ruined any chance of my experience here being judged fairly.Rich L has it about right -- what you would expect from a budget hotel in vegas. I'd only recommend it if I were talking to a grizzled midwestern couple with an outrageous gambling and drinking problem or people that really just need a place to crash, no more no less.Just got that worn out old school sleazy feeling to it.
3	We stayed at this Hotel because the hotel I usually stay at the Cal changed up their reservations or the gal was new and didn't know but anyways this was the cheapest rates for a Sat and Sun nights. The room was decent good enough for sleeping and showering, It's pretty much old school no fancy bathrooms or furniture lol. For the price of 79 for Sat and 31 for Sun couldn't pass it upOn another note the coffee shop Magnolia's didn't impress me they do have a dedicated Hawaii style food on their menu which i got the ole standard breakfast Portuguese sausage and eggs which was not bad but service was very slow the place was packed but it looked like they didnt have enough waitresses and one slow old lady sitting the people down so the line to get in was building up. probably won't bother with this place unless there is no wait lol. Gaming is good here lot's of penny slots and video poker machines on the video poker machines they have the 6/9 payouts on the 25 cent machines basically what that means is the payout with the max coins in for a flush is 30 and for the full house is 45 most of the new machines now are 5/8 which is 25 or even 20 for a flush and 40 or even 35 for a full house. So for you video poker fans this Casino is good for higher payouts. Tables were pretty much full as well so i guess they are doing something right at this Casino.
2	A friend and I crashed here for one night on a Saturday night recently on the tail end of a cross country trip. We picked the Queens because of the location and the price wasn't too bad either. I did have a few issues with the place however. First, the receptionist at the desk was rude. We were walk-ins and being in the industry I know there is some sort of attitude that a walk in brings but seriously lady do you want to sell the room or not? Instead of telling me things that would persuade me to find another hotel why not smile and just take my credit card? Also this may be my own naivety, but do you have to place the elevators and the front desk on opposite ends of the casino? I get that you want the foot traffic but it just looks sloppy with dozens of people walking around and playing slots and you're walking in between them with all your luggage. All in all the strip was alright, It was my first time in Vegas and we had hiked 5 hours early in the morning then drove 6 hours to Vegas so I could have liked it more but it was an experience for sure.
3	Nice place to play and eat.  Never stayed here though I hear it's nice.  They have great midnight specials.  Old property with tons of gaming options.
4	My girlfriend and I wanted to get off the strip and do a little downtown one night of our three day trip so we headed to the 4 Queens.  I paid $23.33 for a Thursday night.  They place is what it is. Its old school and has its share of weirdos but thats Downtown.  We had a great time and the staff was great.  The valet is pretty retarded to be honest.  To get your car, you have to go to three differant people and then they go get your car.  Pretty lame but again, I had a blast there.  We liked walking the Fremont street at night and sucking down $2.00 Corona's.  Its located right smack dap in the middle of Freemont street so getting your car to it was a little confusing at first but we figured it out.  I'd definitly do this place again.
4	I stayed @ 4 queens when i went last month and this is the place to go.
4	I've never stayed here before.  I like its downtown location.  The refurbished accommodations were to my liking.  Another plus is the closeness to the California and Main Street Station, where I can get my Hawaiian food fix.After my unpleasant reactions to resort fees during previous recent stays at other hotels, I have a soft spot for this hotel.  NO resort fee.  FYI there's a website which lists those hotels that charge this resort fee.The parking is convenient with an entrance adjacent to the registration desk.  The only inconvenience is that the first three floors were for "free" valet parking.
3	We booked a night at the Four Queens via Travelocity  - I don't fault the Four Queens for this but the reservation did not come over from Travelocity with our request for a non-smoking room.  They were fully booked so offered to put us in a room with no attaching rooms to help limit the amount of smoke coming into the room and had housekeep spay the room with their "neutralizing" spray before we got up there.  The spray was pretty nasty but not horrible and I have to say for a "smoking" room I've been in "non-smoking" rooms that smelled worse that this one did.  We opened the window a bit, cranked on the AC and let it air out for a while and it was fine. The room was newly remodeled but the bathroom left something to be desired - no bar soap for washing hands only shampoo and lotion.  The shower had a not-so-patched hole in ceiling and they were predictably stingy on towels but I didn't expect much for a $60 room on a Saturday night in Vegas.The Chicago bar inside the hotel was great, pretty darn good Chi-town style pizza also!  The micro brews were good and service friendly!All in all an a-ok place to stay if you get a good deal and know what to expect.
2	I made the reservation online at 4 Queens site & then canceled when I found it much cheaper everywhere else & booked at hotels.com. The bathroom was tiny, one person at a time with the door barely clearing the toilet before it hit the tub. No pool. You can use the one across the street at Binions. My wife & I left with negative feelings about the 4Q mostly due to the staff who have apparently never attended a customer relations seminar. Of all the people we dealt with, only the housekeeping staff were pleasant & friendly. Even the waitress at the Magnolia Restaurant (surprisingly good food), while efficient, was cool & aloof. At check in, the couple ahead of us turned away just as the desk clerk said "Next" & didn't hear her. She rolled her eyes upward and repeated with an irritated voice, "NEXT". My wife looked at me & said "Oooooo...". Our clerk was ok, but again, not at all warm or even friendly. The final negative came our last night there. After following 3-4 cars around the full parking garage several times & on our way back to the street, we stumbled upon an open spot on the first level. Since everything below level 3 was valet, we looked on the pavement, on the wall, all over for a sign and saw none. I commented that I thought it was valet only but if it wasn't marked we'd take it. The next morning after checking out, we were loading the car when a valet approached us and said "Did you park in Valet?" I replied "Yes, when ...." She interrupted and was very upset with us "You drove past 100 empty spots and park in a spot clearly marked "Reserved"... I interrupted "Where?" She pointed to the ceiling overhang where it was marked "Valet Parking" concealed behind a pipe. We honestly looked and didn't see it the previous night but it was dark and we weren't looking up. Point is, even though we had made an honest mistake she was very rude. It appeared to be indicative of the attitude most of the staff had which tells me it's poor management. Even the cocktail waitresses ALL seemed bored & put out to be there. One forced my wife to yield pulling a suitcase. Another staff member made us wait to get off the elevator while he got on. They need a good Customer Service seminar and soon.
4	A year ago we stayed here as our first Fremont Street hotel.  We were really impressed by the rooms and the bar/restaurant.  We tried another hotel on the street a few months later, similar price, the Four Queens definitely stood out as the best deal.  We are heading there tomorrow for our second stay and are really looking forward to it.
3	I am only giving this place 3 stars due to the a-hole stick man at the craps table from last Sunday.  I try to visit old Las Vegas on each trip i make to the sin city.  I actually like Four Queens.  If you go on Sunday morning you can get a cheap buffet in old Vegas and then gamble very cheap at some of these old casinos.I have played roulette, 21, let it ride and craps here as well as the slots at the bar.I have won money, got comped meals and i have lost money.  I know how to play craps.  But this dealer last week was just rude.  I was asking for change when a non english speaking shooter through early and hit my hand.  The stick guy said to take my money, the boss and the rest of the dealers disagreed thankfully.  No one else even had bets down.  There was an over eager shooter and jack *** on the stick.  I really do like this place and will be back, hopefully i dont run into that one guy again.Also, there is a great bartender who is a big fan of the San Fransico 49ers.  He is a great guy to talk to about about whats going on for the local scene.
3	I like the downtown it was different then the yuppies!! The drinks where strong and people where friendly and the clubs where good
3	I'm torn to give this place 3 stars. Good:- REALLY nice service at the front desk. From the moment we checked in everyone was really nice, helpful and gave us advice to skip the tourist things. - decent location. I mean it's downtown. As many times as I've been to Vegas I've ever been downtown so the crowd was different but ok, more....homely?Ok:- It's an older hotel so the rooms are nothing close to the strip, but again, for the price you can't really get upset about it. Nothing to really complain about I guess other than the amenities. No pool which is kind of a bummer. Good thing I was only there for the weekend with family so we didn't stay in the room a lot.If I had a choice and was paying, I wouldn't stay here.
3	Check out the restaurants downstairs! Hugo's cellar nestles itself quietly into the bosom of the Queen, giving it a solid three. Other than that, nothing really special or unique that I could ascertain.
2	This rating is specifically for their rooms. I liked the casino, and their restaurants. However their rooms are pretty dingy. The shower was a little gnarly and the toilet flush was very weak. The rooms are extremely inexpensive, so I guess we got what we paid for. But I think it's worth the extra money to stay at a nicer place like the golden nugget.
3	Parking can be a hassle in Downtown Vegas, but this always gets the usual quickness in my acquiring a parking space whenever visiting Freemont Street Experience. Free Parking as long as your car ticket gets a validation from the Cashier attendant inside the Hotel. Sometimes there is a wait for the elevator servicing the parking area. Hotel gives you the access to the Freemont Experience Light Show as soon as you walk outside its doors.
4	has one of the best steak houses in town , Lady's get a rose !
3	Cool place to stop by and play a bit at their casino.  Very easy access to the Freemont Street Experience.  Signed up for their players club and got $10 slot play for being new members.  Then after the 10 oclock video show, they were giving out coupons for another $10 free slot play.  Had a blast playing for about 2 hours on their dime.
4	Room was part of a deal with SW Air so I am unsure of the true cost per-night. If deducting the cost of air alone is any indicator, it was a great value. One major problem I discovered upon entering the room: no a/c and the room was near 80. This was in the middle of January and the whole hotel tower was on winter mode. So you may ask, why do I need a/c.? I am not entirely sure of this myself, but could be due in part to the room facing due-south and the window not opening sufficiently to allow the room to cool. I left the room for about 9 hours, and still it was 75. Not comfortable for me. Let the desk know, and they complementary upgraded me to a huge suite in the newer hotel tower (which has a/c & heat at all times). I didn't have to throw a fit, they just offered. Very clean rooms. Great location off the strip. Furniture and decor are an odd mishmash but clean and quality. New TV. Pro: free parking. value. location. olde-vegas charm and gritCon: very smoky casino. no shuttle to airport. not on monorail. no pool or spa. WiFi is $8/day!
4	A flashback to classic Las Vegas, Four Queens Hotel & Casino and the adjoining Fremont Street Experience are a must-see. Four Queens captures "old school" Vegas while offering nicely appointed rooms at a more-than-reasonable price. Room 503 is a typical standard king room with a comfortable bed, flat screen television, two work areas, and a partially obstructed view of the Golden Nugget hotel. Unlike the hotels on the Strip, Four Queens has a coffee maker in each room - a huge plus for me. For this I paid $37 per night plus tax during my recent visit. From the front desk to the casino staff to the housekeeper, each person I encountered offered a cheerful greeting and splendid service. I have only two complaints: (1) The bellman seemed a bit put out when I told him I needed a credit card cab; he sent me around the corner to check the cab stand there. I found one, and all was well. (2) Wireless Internet is offered through Cox Communications. Priced at $8.99 per 24-hour period it is slow and I was booted several times. I'm not much of a gambler, but I did enjoy walking the casino, which really comes to life in the evening. One whole side opens up to the Fremont Street Experience. I think I left about $17 dollars here. Not bad, considering I also enjoyed two comp glasses of wine as I played video poker.As for the adjoining Fremont Street Experience, you have to see it to get it. Covering about two city blocks, Fremont Street is all pedestrian. The casinos along the way offer drinks to go ($3.00 for 16 ounces of Miller Lite draft outside the Mermaid for example), the neon is Vegas incredible, and the people-watching is phenomenal. A large screen TV that plays feature entertainment at the top of the hour covers the entire pedestrian walkway. As I said, you have to see it to believe it. Even if you are staying on the Strip, it is worth a tram ride to check it out.Until this visit, my only experience with Las Vegas was the Strip, which for me is over-glammed, over sensorial, and over priced. So I never really "got" Vegas; I could take it leave it. After my visit to Four Queens and the Fremont Street Experience downtown, I now get Vegas. And I look forward to my return. Maybe I'll get room 503 again!
4	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!! Best room on Fremont Street on a Friday Night  for $49!! I actually paid less as I found a pretty good deal on priceline. The hotel check in was fast, friendly and easy, the room was clean, the elevators were fast with little to no waiting.  We didnt gamble or eat there as we were really just looking for a place to stay the night so we wouldn't have to drive the 30 to 40 minutes home.  So glad we did.  I will definitely stay here again.  Only next time I will ask if they have a non smoking room... whoa... I came home smelling like an ashtray.  But then again I kinda expect to when we go out... Its kind of a given.  If you are on a budget and want to have fun and enjoy the Fremont Street Experience...  this is the perfect place to stay.
4	For some reason my dad loves downtown Las Vegas so that's  where we go when we go to the city that never sleeps. 4 Queens happens to be one of the better hotels and casinos in my opinion in downtown, much better than say the fritz when it comes to rooms. Liike most casinos on freemont street it's right below the freemont street experince ( a plus in my book). Not really a family place (like most downtown casinos). There's not even a little corner arcade or anything. I suggest if you're going with a family stay somewhere like Circus, Circus, New York, New York, or any other casino with a repeating name. Overall, 4 queens has typical rooms, tv, bed, bathroom, etc, etc.
3	Booked Deluxe room - no resort fee for $33 a night from hotels.com (weekday).  Basically the room was pretty clean & comfortable but i don't think i'll be coming back here again because after 2am the whole entire downtown starts becoming a ghost town.  I definately recommend to pay extra for something more modern & on the strip.  They tried to remodel the room but you can tell they did it on a budget.  Great if its just guys hanging out to gamble & drunk & crash.
2	This place has seen better days.  Walked into the joint recently with some friends visiting from out of town.....we walked out within 10 minutes.  There's nothing to see here.....it's old and there are better options downtown.Return Factor - 10%
2	as far as vegas hotels go the 4 queens is close to the bottom of the barrel.  the room we had had old beds, a bed with no bedspread, holes in the blankets, etc.  the sports book is nonexistent, no more than a counter and a tv in the ceiling.  we had to sit at a slot machine to watch the game.  we got comped for the room because the golden nugget was full but free was too much for this place.  stay away.
3	When ever I come to downtown Vegas, I love coming here to gamble. I love playing roulette and keno here because I always end up winning. I never stayed here before nor have I eating in any of their restaurants.
3	The Hotel was fine, until I checked out the other hotels nearby. I would definitely choose the Golden Nugget next door.  The hotels casino is not very well ventilated, I'm not a smoker so the smell did bother me. The elevator to the parking garage did not work. We didn't use the car much so it wasn't a big deal. The bathroom fan and light had a loud buzzing noise which was crappy. The location is great, right in the middle of the entertainment. I enjoyed the stay but won't be staying there again.
4	We stayed here a few years back. My father, kindly gave me a trip to Vegas for my 30th Birthday, and booked us a suite at the 4 queens.. It wasnt super Vegas strip fancy, but it was a fairly decent size, and it was always clean and quiet. We were very impressed with this hotel. The staff were always kind to us.
3	It was neat to stay in "Classic" Las Vegas and enjoy walking this 6 block area.  Hotel was CLEAN, nice for old and lots of deals to stay.    Make sure you get out and walk at night and enjoy the street action.  The 800 foot Zip Line is nearby if you have a desire.  Valet parking was very easy but make sure you keep the right cards so it is free.
2	To start off, I have never really had a great "vegas" experience. So to go downtown and off the strip was going to be an adventure.LOVED FREMONT STREET, so quaint, not all the  hype. I dig it.The hotel - not so greatStrike 1 - Asked for non smoking connecting rooms.  We walked into one room and it smelled like someone had lit a case of cigarettes and sealed the room shut for 3 days.  Had to call the front desk so someone could come up and take care of that.  In the end, it "stunk" pretty. No biggie, we took it like a champ and didn't make a big deal.Strike 2 - After swapping rooms with our buddy because of the smell in the other, we discovered after laying on one of the beds that it was sopping wet.  We stripped off the sheets and it was covered in pee.  Again, took it like a champ, called down, let them know what was up, and they moved our roomsStrike  3 - We went down to talk to the manager about the not so positive experience we had since we got their a couple hours earlier and his response was "What do you want me to to do about it."  And yet again, we swallowed it, took our new room keys and went on our way.The saving graces of the woman that helped us in the end will boost my rating on this place.  She was appalled at what had happened and that we were given the brush off. She went out of  her way to make things right and compensate us because she truly wanted our business again.Would I return - YES, because someone made it right and I would like to give them another chance.  However, I will not recommend them to anyone until I go again myself.
3	For the money we paid, I can't complain a lot. The only thing that REALLY bothered me was that we stayed in non-smoking room, but the smell of smoke in this room was unbearable.Also don't get too excited about using "free" slot play credit if you join the Royal Players club. You can't just grab it and go spend it. You have to start spending your own money in order for it to start working, and then go back to Players Club to receive a pin, then go back to your slot... Anyway, just not worth a hassle.
4	4 Queens is an excellent alternative from staying on the strip. I wasn't there when my friends checked in so I have no opinion on how there service is when it comes to that. The room was just as I expected, clean and up to date. There was a nice flat screen TV for watching TV (the remote didn't have sleep on it which kinda sucks since I like to fall asleep with the TV on but didn't really effect the stay) The beds were comfy, however I found the pillows to be much too high/big for my liking so I didn't even use them. The room had AC which was nice after being in the hot summer sun. It actually got very cold at night and I needed to use both blankets. They only gave us 2 large towels (and for 3 people, 2 girls) that is just not enough, but after asking the maid to leave more, we came back to have 6 in our room! There is a Subway/Pizzeria/Ice Cream shop in the hotel which is very convenient if you want something quick to eat. The pizzas are made as you order so they are just sitting around under a heat lamp. The quality was good as well. We never got around to trying the restaurants but there is 2 different ones there and reasonably priced as well. They also have a brewery in the casino as well. Being on Fremont street, you have to be aware that there will be loud music/noise going on from about 12pm till about 3 am. But if you close your blinds and keep your window shut, you cant really hear it. If noise bothers you, ask for a room not facing the street. Again I didn't check out so I don't know how that experience was. Overall I had a wonderful time and would defiantly consider staying there again. ****NOTE: 4 Queens does NOT have a swimming pool HOWEVER the Binion Hotel (which is a sister hotel to the 4 Queens) does have a pool and 4 queen guest are aloud to use their pool. Just thought Id mention that cause no one told us, we saw it on the Hotel Amenities channel, *****
3	Review for casino only:Like most downtown places, the casino is small, crowded with machines, generally noisy, and filled with tourists in various states of alcohol influence.  That being said, I've always found the place to be a fun spot--a place where people watching gets kicked into high gear!I came here last night to see a show and left with a silver strike and some of their cash.  It was a winning evening!I like the free parking with validation in their garage.
2	Over-priced - yesSmells like a disgusting casino hotel - yesHas a shark tank pool - no :(If you're going to stay in Vegas (quite possibly one of the worst, most overated places in the States) at least splurge and go for the Nugget.
3	I was NOT expecting the Venetian by any means, so checking in with low expectations made for a decent reaction to the digs. I could have done without the incredibly stale smoke smell in the room, I had to actually walk to Walgreen's to get air freshener because it was pretty gross. But other than that, no complaints really. I checked for bed bugs first  - you just kinda do in places like this, lol. Check in and out were a breeze. No problems with noise level. Super cheap. Fit the budget and location perfectly.
1	This is an old, run down hotel and casino on the wrong side of the tracks in Vegas even though it is right on Fremont Street.  Its the kind of place where everyone looks like they are down on their luck and down to their last dime.  The only reason we stayed here was because we couldn't find anything else online at 1:00 a.m. while traveling back from L.A. to Salt Lake City.The rooms are tiny, old, and even the non-smoking rooms have absorbed the foul casino smoky smells from years of having it seep through the walls and having it tracked in by guests.  The blankets were worn and filled with cigarette burn holes.I wouldn't stay at this hotel again even if I had the room comped to me.  You have been warned!
4	Sometimes when you're in Vegas you just have to get away from all the crap that is the STRIP and head downtown.**DowntownWhere the folks are broke.DowntownWhere your life's a joke.DowntownWhen you buy your token,you goHome to skid row**My friend has been to vegas sooo many times but he never had been to downtown..**DowntownWhere the cabs don't stopDowntownWhere the food is slopDowntownWhere the hop-heads flopin the snowDown on Skid Row**So we headed down there.  If you have been to Hollywood and seen all the knock off weird people who dress up as second rate children's characters (ex. Sponge Bob , Batman..etc)...then you are right at home since its almost the same here.There are some sketchy characters here.........We went to the Four Queens Hotel because that was where my friends' parents had gotten married and stayed about 35 years ago and he wanted to check it out.Its a decent hotel.   They have blackjack switch!!I won $100- here.That alone makes this hotel worth my time!    The dealer was very nice!  Its nice to see cheap tables.  $5- blackjack as opposed to $15+ on the strip!
4	It was our first time being in Downtown Vegas and I must say, I was a fan! I hate that there isn't a Fat Tuesdays around but that's ok.Our room was big! (we stayed in a handicap room) and clean, we had a clean bathroom and clean sheets, my only complaint is the smell of SMOKE..its EVERYWHERE!we asked for a non smoking and it seemed like someone chained smoked for months in there. After 2 days it was a bit annoying, came back home and all my clothes reaked of smoke! our room package came with a fun book so we got a 2 for one coupon for magnolias which i liked and since it was my birthday I received a second coupon! checking in and out was so easy as well..I really like that they don't have any hidden fees, will consider going back!
1	DIVE, DIVE, DIVE.   The casino is nice, but the hotel, ugly hallways in baby blue and burgandy, beds were you can see where the part of the bed where your torso goes is noticibly lower than where your feet go.  Even on the 16th floor you are hammered by all the sound of the bands and people from the Fremont St. Experience.  No refridgerator in the rooms.  They have the nerve to charge you $3 a day for parking even though people who gamble there get to park for free.  Stay downtown at the Plaza, the Californian or the Golden Nugget, but not here.
4	Nicer than the fitz, SO NICE inside!
5	I stayed here a couple weeks ago with buddies for my 31st birthday, and  was pleasantly surprised, so much so that I have no qualms with staying here every time i am in downtown. we scored a deal on orbitz, in which the air-fare on jet blue (deserves 5 stars as well), the hotel, and airport transportation totaled $150/person. check in was a breeze, though Rachal at the front desk seemed a bit bothered that people were checking in, and she couldn't even say happy birthday to me after handing her my ID. But that is the only semi-negative remark about the 4-Queens. Pros-*Nice, clean-smelling rooms with very comfortable beds (sort of remember drunk-talking with my buddies, in which i wondered if i could fit the bed in my suitcase)*Incredibly friendly staff, especially at the player's club and at Magnolia's Cafe*Never paid full-price for a meal as the coupon book can save you quite a bit of moolah*Magnolias Cafe!*Binions 27th floor roof-top pool, in which on two separate occasions, it was just us 5 up there with mermaid's yard drinks in-hand and vegas below (awesome views)Cons-NONE
2	If you aren't expecting much before check-in then Four Queens will have no problem meeting expectations. I came down here on a last minute trip and this was my only option. Old and run down...My rooms' window had a speaker right next to it that played music aimed for the people on Fremont street...FML...so loud!Pros:-Location (if you like Fremont st.)-Casino was not too bad-Price-Open rooms usually availableCons:-Old-Smoke smell-Location (if you dislike Fremont st.)Grade: C-
4	We went to Fremont St for the zip line, and had a 2 for 1 coupon in the LVA book so we went for it. I must say I was surprised at the great meal we got (not a buffet).  The prime rib was so tender you could cut it easily with a fork, and the chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes were very good (and I'm from chicken fried steak  country). We had no wait for a table and the waiter was prompt and attentive.  Yes he got a good tip.Sometimes you get lucky, this was about the only time in Vegas.
1	I can't speak on the more expensive rooms, but if you're a standard/deluxe room kinda person like me, you will not appreciate the nasty, dilapidated look and feel of this place. I cancelled a booking with Circus Circus Manor Lodge because I thought this would be the better deal on my budget. I still don't know if I made the right choice out of the 2 but one thing's for sure, I'm never coming back here again. Fremont St Experience or not. What an effing waste of my Citi ThankYou Points SMH
5	I will start off by saying my review is not based on having stayed here but rather on the excellent customer service my friend and I received this past Thanksgiving.My friend and I were in Las Vegas for Thanksgiving and had tickets to La Cage (which was playing at the Four Queens).  Long story short the online ticket retailer sold us tickets even though the show was dark that night and we were royally screwed as that was the cornerstone of our plans for the evening.We stopped at the hotel desk to see if something could be done since we were suddenly out the money paid for the tickets and a very sweet woman named Yvonne came to our rescue.  She was pleasant, understanding and sympathetic to our situation.  She put us in contact with the proper people at the box office so we could get our tickets replaced and gave us a complimentary meal at Magnolia's to do her best to make up for our ruined evening.  Let me tell you, in the midst of this unfortunate circumstance Yvonne's help made our whole evening.  The next night when we came back to the theater, the woman at the box office made sure we had tickets for the show and when we returned to see Yvonne regarding the comped meal she promised, she personally came off of her lunch break to walk us over to Magnolia's to make sure everything went smoothly.In this day and age good customer service is almost a lost art.  Anyone else could have easily said "not my problem", especially since we were not even hotel guests, and leave us to deal with it on our own but Yvonne made sure our Thanksgiving trip to Las Vegas was a memorable one, for all the right reasons.Fancy hotels on the strip are fine, but Freemont St. is where Vegas began.  When you walk into the Four Queens you walk into history.  It's got a charm all it's own.  And a night on Freemont St. is so wonderfully weird that I wouldn't make a trip to Vegas without it.  And for a few bucks the bus will take you back and fourth to the strip so if you're on a budget you won't need to shell out a ton of cash for cabs.  So the next time I go to Vegas I'll be staying at the Four Queens.
4	We just spent our first time in Las Vegas downtown this past week.  We chose the Four Queens and were extremely surprised, not just satisfied.  We had a two queen room and they were extremely clean and comfortable.  The bathroom was large.  More importantly, with two women (my wife and step-daughter) needing lots of hot water, the shower was more than expected.  Lots of HOT water with LOTS of pressure.  We had a view of the Stratosphere, which was nice.  Parking was free for the price of joining the Rewards Club.  Having a free place to park downtown is a plus.  One of the best parts of staying downtown is the fact there are four casinos outside the door from the others.  Lots of action just outside the doors.  Colorful, yes, but very fun.I'd have given the Four Queens a five star review if I had been told from the beginning that they are now the owners of the Binion's Casino.  This is one of my favorite poker rooms ever, especially since they upgraded the room with new tables.  Disappointingly, there were practically NO poker tournaments going on at Binion's.  I think advertising to the residents at the Four Queens would have corrected this.We will be staying here again.  Extremely good price along with a comfortable room will get my money every time
3	[Review is solely for the casino] Are you a Vegas local who needs to place a bet while you're downtown?  Need to play some blackjack for chips/cash?  Well . . . you could do worse than the Four Queens.  Hell, in downtown Vegas, you could do frighteningly worse than the Four Queens.  It's . . . well, it's functional.  Not quite as nice as the Golden Nugget, but the tables are easy to access and the sports book is small but readily available.The Four Queens has its problems.  It's smoky and very old clientele, but end of the day, it's a welcoming place that doesn't out-price locals.  That's a solid 3 stars.
5	I stay in a lot of hotels coast to coast. The Four Queens is well kept, a bit worn in a few places, but completely acceptable! The easy access to Fremont street and all the casinos in VERY close proximity make this a wonderful choice. With the bus you can go down to the strip, but there is plenty of action on Fremont street and I have to say I love the LIVE Sax player outside my 6th floor room crooning away. Just beautiful! If you come to Vegas and want a simply good time with no driving or parking hassles, without have to walk a mile to the front desk and then a mile to your room. This could be your new favorite. I sure would come back! (and good rates on the web too!)
2	This casino seems to have a chaotic vibe about it, which makes it difficult to enjoy pouring my money into the machines. The machines are laid out haphazardly, and are squished rather close together.If you find yourself at the Four Queens, go down to the bar at Hugo's Cellar and have a martini -- it will be a welcome (and much less expensive) respite from the hubbub upstairs.
2	Casino review: keep walking..... That's my review! Fitz, Nugget, Golden Gate much better gambling and much more personal dealers!!
1	Four Queens just absolutely sucks.You want some reasons?1-It's a homeless hangout. All those crack-addicted bums that ask your for  quarters on Fremont street come here to loiter at the sportsbook2-Their games are a joke. If you wanna just have fun and play some table games, you will notice that the payouts are lower than other casinos and the rules are modified. They do have double deck black jack, but you cannot double down after you split and you can't double down on anything besides 10 and 11. What kind of f*cked up rules are that? Even those 3 table casinos in North Las Vegas have better rules than that! 3-The dealers are very rude and hostile. And the ones that are not rude cannot speak a word of English.4- I was running really good at blackjack back in 2009 and bet the table max(Take in consideration that the table max here is very low on account of this being a casino marketed towards lower income degenerates who have gambling addictions). I got two Aces, so I split them. The dealer turned 20. When the dealer uncovered my cards to see that I had hit 21 on both hands, the floorman punched the felt in anger. He was furious! I have never seen this kind of behavior in a casino ever. They don't even hide the fact that they want you to lose. At other casinos they at least have the decency to pretend that they actually want you to win so that you comeback in the future. 5- Their 24 hour restaurant has painfully slow service, and the food is flavorless. It's like eating cardboard. 6-The  Club card people here are those typical anti-social-depressed Vegas low lives who hate working and hate their lives.  They are very quick to condescend you whenever you ask a question. Their job is to try to humiliate and degrade anyone who asks a question about the rules of their comp system.  7-The casino hosts are the worst part of this already sh!tty casino!. I know it's typical of the casino hosts in downtown to be total cheap bastards, but these guys officially are the cheapest bastards in Vegas. During 09, I had a miracle blackjack streak here and at the Nugget that lasted about 5 days. I profited about $7000, and was betting $75-$175 a hand for 6-9 hours a day. I assumed that I had accumulated quite a number of comp dollars on account of how high I was betting and how many hours I played.  I asked the floorman how many comp dollars I had and in an angry voice he told me to go see the casino host. When I went to the casino host's office there were 2 lazy dudes who just stared into space like they had been lobotomized, and 1 airheaded woman with a Hawaiian accent who couldn't even put two words together in a sentence. I asked her how many comp dollars I accumulated, and she had the nerve to tell me: "Pfftt... betting $75 a hand for 8 hours is barely enough to qualify for anything!"...... She was a horrible liar! She wouldn't even give me eye contact, and I could see in her face that she was just trying to put on some act to blow me off. In the end she told me that  40+ hours of play + betting $75 to $175 a hand, could only get me $10 at their food court. Currently, right now I have Four Queens as the runner up for: "Worst Casino In Vegas".  1st place still going to Hard Rock for employing shills and coolers at their table games.
2	I like the casino but I've been trying to talk to a manager for years about a cashier who is the grumpiest, meanest, no smile ever on his face cashier. Everytime I stay at FourQueens I have to deal with a cashier named LEON in the cashier cage. He never smiles and just ruins my whole experience. This cashier needs to find a new job, he's slow and never thanks my wife or I for anything. RUDE RUDE RUDE, GET OUT OF THE CASINO AND INTO A NON RELATED CUSTOMER SERVICE JOB.
1	Um yea screw this place. After finally getting to Vegas at around 2am the counter staff acted like they were the ones pissed off about life. Get up to the room on the 16th floor the room reaks of smoke which I detest. Bad enough to be forced to be around it in the casinos. It's called Febreeze...they should look it up. Anyways, the sheets on the bed are decent but there is a ratty disgusting brown one on the bed too that is so gross I just took it off. I barely have one foot in bed after arriving and the alarm goes off. "AN ALARM HAS BEEN ACTIVATED PLEASE STAND BY FOR FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS" So it keeps screaming that for 5 mins or so. I don't hurry because it doesn't say fire or anything so I take my sweet ass time but when I open the door the fire lights are going off! So I hurry down the 16 flights of stairs with my dads bad legs only to get to the lobby and the staff has no f-ing clue about the alarm or what to do. Fire truck did show up, not sure if there was an actual fire or not.Only thing good about this place is the blackjack switch game I like. Other than that, this place can get stuffed. It may be a few bucks cheaper than the Golden Nugget but the Golden Nugget is beautiful with non smokey rooms and over all such a higher quality than this place. I won't be back.
4	Ok, so we are new locals to las vegas and this is the first casino we have been to not being tourists.  We were drawn in because of the $9.95 prime rib dinner and that was just what we were looking for, cheap big dinners.  So we signed up for the player club which was very easy and had an especially nice guy help us.  He gave us a certificate for 2 for 1 entrees at the restaurant.  So we went and played some cheap slots and drank.  Honestly the service is a little slow for your drinks while you are playing, we had better service at binions.  But we didn't walk out down any money and we had two huge dinners for only 10 bucks so we were incredibly happy.  The Prime rib was delicious and perfectly cooked.  So we were happy.  We might even go back again!
2	Ahh 4 queens. Perfect place for when I was young, poor and didn't really sleep when I was in Vegas. I tried staying there again, but something about the place just seem dirty to me now. I was probably just uncomfortable taking my wife there.. we should of shelled out the extra money to stay at the Gold Nugget. Certainly not a place to take a lady friend to... but I'd be alright staying there on a guys trip where the room is really just an oversized luggage space. Still, I would say pay a couple extra dollars and stay somewhere  like the M, redrock or Gold Nugget.
1	I chose the 4 Queens for my visit to Las Vegas for several reasons, and I'll admit a good lot of those involved the low price of the room. (Other reasons include the proximity to the Neon Boneyard, the historic old-Vegas reputation of the hotel and the ratings on Trip Advisor.)However, the quality of my room was far below what I expected, or even dreamed was possible.I have very minimal requirements for hotel rooms; generally I only want them to be clean (not spotless, clean) and relatively safe. Non-smoking is also on the list.My room at the 4 Queens was the filthiest hotel room I've ever stayed in.There was hair (of the nether-region variety) in the bathtub. In fact, I don't think the shower or bathtub were touched by house cleaning before or during my stay. I don't like to make a fuss so wiped-everything down myself, and was too exhausted to switch rooms on top of that.Every surface in the room felt greasy. I'm going to say it was covered in some Pledge-like substance (humor me) to make myself feel better.There was an empty packet of Lucky Strike cigarettes behind the one side of the drapes and a lighter on the other when I arrived, and spotted quite easily. This was touted to be a non-smoking room. I left the empty cigarette pack and lighter for the duration of my stay to see of it would be eventually picked-up by the housekeeping staff. Nope; no such luck.Additionally, there were cigarette burns in the bedding (which was made of some, scratchy, ugly cheap fabric). Two of the three lamps in the room did not work. At all. The remote did not work. The air conditioner was very, very loud.I didn't realized that the Academy of Country Music awards we're being held in the city the weekend I stayed, and on the 15th floor, I could hear the awful cover bands from Fremont Street quite clearly. Granted, I should have realized the ACMs were the weekend of my stay, but the noise was a bit ridiculous.Oh, and the folks staying in the room next door smoked weed every night of my stay. I dare say I could very well have gotten a contact-high the smell was so strong.Luckily, I take Ambien to sleep, and am dead to the world at night. Even with the Ambien, the world's rattliest, loudest air conditioner, still woke me up several times each night. This is in addition to being woken by the amazingly loud sex the reefer users next door were having. Otherwise there is absolutely no way I would have gotten any rest in this hellhole.Update! I initially wrote this review with one night of my stay remaining. Guess what? It got worse! The country band playing on the street on Saturday night was somehow (defying the laws of sound) louder, and played later into the evening. Once my Reefer Madness neighbors returned to their room at near 4am, they rented several porn movies and acted out scenes from them. This went on until about 8 am. I pounded on the wall twice, called the front desk, and nothing was done! I didn't sleep a wink despite the Ambien.I finally headed to the airport around 9 am, five hours early for my flight, because the hotel was just that damn bad, and I couldn't stand the filthiness and sleaze any longer.Absolutely the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. The only thing that could have made it worse are bed bugs or a fire possibly breaking-out.
4	Haters are going to hate, but 3 stars for the Four Queens seems kinda low. My experience here is with the casino but after reading other reviews I'm wondering if those people were in a parallel universe or something. I've been treated quite well here, from attentive service to finding slot machines that were loose enough to keep me playing for hours. There's also the coolness factor of playing in one of the most famous casinos in the world. The entrances from Fremont Street have been in so many TV shows and movies that I always get a flashback of those shows when I step through the doors. The bottom line for me is it doesn't matter what the place looks like. Is the service good, and do I have fun while I'm there? The answer to those questions is Yes, and YES. And that's why I keep coming back. (Caution: Magnolia's sucks, but restaurant reviews are a separate category on Yelp and in my mind deserve their own review. If you check out the other food offerings and forget Magnolia's, the 4 stars still seem appropriate).
2	If you want to go back into time and feel like you are in a Bad B movie then I would say check this place out. I just stopped by to use the bathroom while walking the Fremont Experience and also wanted the Football Blended drink.After pushing through the crowd of people I made it to the bathroom which wasn't as bad as I thought.I couldn't imagine staying here and in all honesty I couldn't get out of there quick enough. We couldn't find someone to help us with the drink so we just left.One bathroom visit was enough for me.
4	We stayed from Sunday - Thursday, while rates were the most reasonable. The rooms were comfortable and not too small. The room service was quick and throough. The entire staff, from the cleaning ladies to the bell desk to the dealers at the tables were all fantastic and friendly. The location was great - just a short bus ride to the strip, and all of Freemont at the front door. I would definitely stay here again if I were to return to Vegas. The service we got for the price was unexpected and awesome!
2	Four queens used to be the class of downtown.  Now it has degraded to the point of A cross between a Dottys in the ghetto and an over elaborate mc mansion.  The slots are locked down at 89 percent, and despite having a few dealers that are 100 percent on point, fun, chatty, and extremely entreating, the majority of dealers are so cold, and deprived of life that they would fit in like a champ in a Adams Family movie, or even a Godzilla flick.  The mid shift casino manager is a grade A Dick, with a capital D, it's like someone got a soar dick and named it after him.   Carlos, yeah talking to you baby, take a few black chips off his craps table 3 or 4 nights in a row, and he'll kick you off "his" table games.  Apparently winners are not allowed here.  The main bonus, and definitely a reason to frequent this place is there are lots of very attentive, cute, and quick cocktail girls.  I would rank them towards the top of the line on Fremont street were the average age of a cocktail girl is pushing 60, the queens has broken through and done something very right with younger, attractive, and pleasant gals.  Very cute outfits, and always smiling, what more could a man ask for, it reason to play in the casino if you can skirt the mean mugging dealers.  Ditch the crappy pit bosses whom have been promoted to the upper limits of there irresponsibility, get some dealers that smile every now and than, kick out the bums that get to ya before security does (need more proactive based security, kick out the bums as soon as they walk in... Looks like a bum, smells like a bum, GTFO!), and the queens could return to the class of downtown that it once was.
4	Stayed 5/11 - 5/13/12. Had a Fremont facing room on the 5th floor & I loved it, this may not be the room for you if your a light sleeper. Yea the rooms are a little dated but they have updated tv & the ac isn't just a window unit. The 4 Queens doesn't have their own pool but the 1 @ Binions is open for use, all ya need is yur room key.  The casino was also pretty good to me :-) we played some slots, a lil blackjack & a bit of roulette & left basically even which is fine with me. The drink waitresses come by tables quicker than slots but thats kinda normal in vegas.  I don't know what the normal room rates are here since this was my 1st stay there & the room was comped but I do plan on stayin here again in the future.
3	Not bad, very accommodating reception staff. They easily changed our room from smoking to non-smoking .  We got a better room and higher floor (14th).The only thing that bothered me throughout our 4-night stay was the concert on Fremont Street below. It was like listening to a radio that you cannot shut it off.  I love the 80's music...didn't mind that but when I want to sleep before 12am that bothered me a bit.Overall, the place was Ok.
1	This review is for the casino only:Too small, too noisy, too smoky, and it takes $5.00 to earn one measly point.  No newbie here, yet I managed to have the second machine I tried gobble up my newly-minted card, never to be seen again.  I'll stick with Red Rock.BUT:  I was here to see a show - Jay Bolan, acoustic guitar(s) in a solo retro 70s-80s light rock performance.  He's just begun his one-year engagement, and it was truly enjoyable.  If I return to Four Queens, it's be strictly to see and hear Jay perform again.
5	I am a fan of Fremont Street for gambling. Been to Binions, The Plaza (even stayed there once), Gold Nugget Etc. I find it less hectic than the strip and less pretentious. Plus the gambling minimums are affordable for people who don't have 6 figure jobs.I happened to find a single deck, 5.00 minimum, face up black jack table at the Four Queens. It was awesome. I did pretty well for the most part. However, they kept the drinks coming and the Toasted Almonds were strong, hence judgement for cards went out the window.Clean, good tables, friendly staff. I will certainly be back here.
5	stayed here this past weekend, and once again, the four queens was an awesome experience. we received an upgrade to a suite, thanks to Robbie at the front counter. granted, the suite may have been a bit dated, but it was an upgrade, so why would i be speaking ill about it? the room was huge with two couches, a mini bar, and a double vanity bathroom, as well as a killer view from the 16th floor. the staff, all over the hotel were incredibly friendly, and helpful. from the bellman, enrique, to the staff at magnolia's, everyone made us feel as though we were a VIP guest, not just another random tourist lookin' to get wasted in vegas. another plus was binion's rooftop pool, which any four queens hotel guest can access. not only is it a plus to be on the 27th floor, standing in a pool with a drink in-hand, and having 360 degree views of vegas, but you will never have to worry about finding a chair to lounge by the pool, screaming kids, or crowds of people. you truly can relax at this pool...
2	One word "EW!!" the only reason it gets 2 stars is because I'm sure it was just a bad room. Upon arriving, check in was quick. Got to our room and as I walk into the bathroom to go pee, I notice the ground is dirty. Whatever, I always wear sandals anyways. Open the lid and there are a couple pieces of unknown hair! I really hope they weren't pubes but I didn't look at them close enough. Gross. Do they not clean the bathroom? Also, the tissue box was disgusting. As for the gambling, these dealer we had was very monotonous. I did not enjoy her at all and I'm glad my boyfriend only played a couple hands even though he lost $100. I understand this is downtown and most of the hotels aren't that great but come on, learn how to clean a bathroom!!
2	Ok. It's an older hotel. Lots of older people so young people would do better on the strip. Not a ton of activities or sites and far away from the strip. No "clubs" just bars in casinos. If I hadn't had to stay with my boyfriend's family we would definitely have preferred a nicer room or suite on the strip. Rather icky rooms, but seemed reasonably clean. Really noisy.
3	Chicago brew pub is here.how do they change all those lights? are those bulbs even made anymore?
4	We came here around 2 p.m. on a Tuesday to gamble and eat lunch.  I thought their coffee shop was much better than most.  The spicy chicken sandwich was really good.  I enjoyed the gumbo too.  Our waiter was okay, kind of pushy, but overall good.  Prices are low; lunch for two was under $20 b/f tip.  Our search for the Twilight Zone slots from the early '90s led us here and I'm glad it did.  The slots are right by the main entrance, up a few stairs.  They were as fun as I remembered.  I will be back!
5	Let's start with reviewing the business... I read the reviews and comments like "riff raff" in the area, It's downtown Vegas and you are staying in a $20/night room not $200/night on the strip. So, I found the Queens to be top tier. We arrived, check in was quick and easy. Went to the elevators, easy to find, unlike many other casinos I have been to, up to the 18th floor and to the room. The room was nicely decorated, just like any other hotel room, there were no smells or smoke or otherwise. Everything appeared clean, I always look for bugs or other nastiness. Had a great view of the strip. The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have slept on in as long as I can remember. Far better than the Bellagio bed was. Most hotel beds feel like they are a sheet draped over a piece of plywood. I actually got a wonderful night sleep and woke up well rested and ready to go. The wake up call was prompt. Got ready, went downstairs for the free breakfast, which just acceptable, will review that separately, Magnolias.We used the gaming coupons they provided us for joining their players club, took the $10 in free slot play, played for about 90 minutes which was fun, Turned the free $10 into $12.78 that we walked away with. The people on the gaming floor were very helpful, there is a complicated way to get your free money off the card into the machine, and the person we talked to got us going...So we took the winnings, free money, and used $10 of it with the $10 table "match bet" and played Craps. Threw 7 out the door, turned the $10 from the slots into $40. Pocketed $20 and we played for about 2 hours on that $20. Up and down, until we busted. Free drinks while playing, they do that everywhere,  but all in all we got 3-4 hours of exciting entertainment, free drinks, breakfast, parking and came out $23 bucks ahead, not bad for a $20 room cost.We went out the Fremont Street Experience. Interesting and different that I remember it being before... looks like when Hollywood kicked all the "characters" (batman, superman, etc) off Hollywood Blvd they all moved to Vegas. Plus there were showgirls from all the casinos and Chippendale dancers everywhere.
4	Four stars for Four Queens! Nicely situated in the center of Freemont Street, this place is worth a visit. Everything is packed in here but has a fun atmosphere.  They could use an upgrade in their ventilation aside from that this place provides classic Vegas charm and perks that you can no longer find on the strip except maybe at the Riviera.
4	Located at the Fremont Street Experience. The 4 Queens is a fun little place. They offer a free pull of their giant video poker machine everyday and if you get, you guessed it, 4 Queens you win the big prize. Most likely you will get a coupon book, who says you can't get something for nothing. You can in Las Vegas! So I say stop by the Fremont Street Experience and give it a shot, who knows you could get those elusive 4 Queens, somebody has to win, why not you! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	3rd time is definitely a charm. As you can see, I have reviewed the Four Queens three times within one year, and each review has garnered five stars. I recently stayed at the four queens again, and once again, I was upgraded to a suite (same room as in June). This hotel just cannot do anything wrong. The people are so friendly and helpful, and they really try to make your stay a memorable experience. I highly recommend ordering room service instead of leaving your room to find breakfast food to help soak up the booze from the night before. Why room service, you ask? 1) The prices are the same. That's right, they don't jack up the prices at Magnolia's just because you are ordering room service; however, there is a minimal service and gratuity fee 2) No need to get dressed and show the world your hangover 3) It only took 15 minutes to get the food (both times). The pool...that awesome pool. We were up there Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday, and just as before, we were, for the most part, the only one's up there. We brought a cooler full of booze/food, and of course, a mermaid's yard drink without any flack from the very nice employee at the top of the pool. As well, she let me blow up my homer simpson pool raft so I could lounge in style! The only gripe is the music selection. I am not a fan of top 40 pop radio hits, and not only were they played at the pool, but they seemed to be on a continuous loop. I still can't get that "as long as you love me song" by lesbian singer, justine bieber, outta my head, and i have been home for two days! We walked to the Golden Nugget, checked out the pool, and were disgusted by all the kids and crowds. How can you relax in a pool in which you are packed-in like sardines? I would never stay anywhere else downtown. Thank you making my birthday weekend an unforgettable experience (again), Four Queens!
1	No!  Absolutely not!  Never, ever again!  I live in town and wanted to spend an evening downtown - walk around Fremont, get polluted, etc... and decided to get a room here.   This is NOT the place to stay! The casino floor is nice, the bars are decent, but unfortunately the rooms include FREE BED BUGS!  Took a cab home at 3am, and no... they would not refund the room cost.
1	I had been looking for a lower priced hotel near Freemont and this one came up.  I did not really look at the reviews ahead of time because I was in a hurry to get to the Motorcycle show, but i should have... the staff were surely (To put it mildly) but the biggest issue was the bed.  My good heavens they were bad.  I had asked if they could give us another bed and they could not, and did they have another room, they did but it was $100.00 extra per night because they were almost sold out.  When I asked at least for some sort of board or support I was told that I could not modify the bed as it was hotel policy, which I can understand but the result was some really bad back pain and two nights of little if any sleep.I would not be writing if it stopped there, if you go and decide to stay in the four queens, you MUST not stay in the North Tower.  It abuts Freemont Street and the music and noise goes on until 2 or 3 am and I stayed in the South Tower and it was still so loud we left the television on to cover the dirty language and yelling that went on after mid-night.  I am not complaining that people swore and were out late, it is Vegas after all, I am complaining that I could not get away from it in my room.The room itself was dirty, meaning there was an inordinate amount of dust and dirt behind the dresser as I had to get back there to find a working outlet for the iron I needed for my clothes on Saturday.  It must have been a very long time since they cleaned that room because when I moved the chair to get to an outlet I could see the clean spots where the legs of the chair were and the impressions from the chair suggested it had not moved in a very long time.  On that note, the iron did not work so I asked for a new one from the desk before 9 am Saturday morning, called the desk again at 6 pm when I got back to my room and found it had not been replaced and again on Sunday morning to only  be told on Sunday they did not have any and when I asked why they promised replacement the two prior times I called the girl said "How should I know, I am not the one who said we would replace it"The bathroom was missing some of its molding on the ceiling and around the sink.  Not all of it, just sections and in the case of the sink, the exposed area was covered in another kind of mold.If all of this was not enough, when we asked the valet for our car on Sunday at noon time, we were waiting for over 30 minutes when we went in and there was a new person at the desk and she said there was no note from the person she was replacing so she sent someone out for the car.  The other person went home for the day minutes after we requested the car.  We got the car and the change from the cup holder I have for tolls was gone.  Not much money, maybe five dollars, but really?  That was so low class it was just the last straw. In summary, don't stay there.  It is not worth the physical pain, the emotional stress or the crappy conditions, for any amount of money saved.
4	It was my second and last trip to Vegas before flying home and I booked 2 weeks at the 4 Queens. The hotel staff were lovely and friendly - even if they had a few troubles with my Australian accent. We were able to giggle through it after my luggage was lost and I had to find replacements ASAP.The room was as to be expected, it's a hotel room. I don't expect gold foil around my bed. The bed was comfy, the TV worked and room service was actually edible!And it was within walking distance of Starbucks. Hmmmm coffee!!Thanks for making it a lovely visit.
1	SCAM ALERT: JP and I were at the Four Queens last weekend (10/20/2012) seeing Mike Hammer's Comedy/Magic Show and playing some blackjack at their $5.00 minimum tables. If you do these things you can have your parking validated and it makes a real difference. Without validation our parking fee would have been $13.00 - this is unheard of elsewhere in Vegas where there is totally free parking and often free valet (Signature Hotel) in every one of the major hotels on the strip - but with validation the parking fee at the Four Queens was $1.00. Here is the scam: When we handed the parking attendant our ticket, he looked at the ticket and clearly, loudly and quite distinctly said, "$5.00!" We were reaching for the fee when we saw that the electronic read-out on front of his booth said $1.00 in large red numbers. So we said, which is it $1.00 or $5.00? and he then said, "Pay this" pointing at the illuminated sign that read $1.00 in large red numbers. You know as well as I do that MANY people - especially foreigners and the elderly hear $5.00 and they pay $5.00 no matter what the numbers on the booth might show. The parking attendant then pockets the remaining $4.00. THIS IS NOT THE WAY TO RUN YOUR PARKING STRUCTURE FOUR QUEENS!  I understand that your lot attendants probably make minimum wage and NEED the cash but bilking it out of unsuspecting parking patrons is dirty and people should be warned. AT THE FOUR QUEENS PAY ONLY WHAT THE RED ELECTRONIC NUMBERS SHOW ON THE FRONT OF THE PARKING BOOTH - pay no attention to the number the parking atttendant says. You have been warned. (Gotta be on your toes in Las Vegas - there are thieves and pickpockets everywhere.)
2	Vegas was busy this weekend so not left with that much choices...gonna keep this nice and simple.OLD AND OLD, O YA OLD. First room given, empty water bottles, used bath soap in the shower, used coupon books left on desk, but bed was made nicely. Didn't make sense. Switched rooms to same floor. Outdated, even though they mentioned these were renovated rooms (5 years ago). Would hate to see the older rooms. May be good for some people but not all. Luckily it was only for one night.
2	Downtown Las Vegas... hmm.. not the best of places in Vegas unless you're in the mood for cheap tables!I always come down here with the Grandparents to have fun some and gamble here. I was going to rate this place a 3 (even though I've never actually stayed in the hotel rooms) but the customer service at the end wasn't that great.So for being an older casino, the look is going to be older and not as nice as the newer casinos (duh, what do you expect from down town vegas). Most of the employees here are fun (especially the ones at the video bar, they rock!). I don't know why but the Valet attendants always ruin the mood for me. When we left and we were all loaded up in the car, the valet attendant says "you most validate your ticket" very rudely. We said "we have spent several hundred dollars here, and even bought some stuff from the gift shop" and he didn't care and said we had to go back to the Main Cashier cage to get validated or else we were supposed to pay.So as my family waited in the car, I went to the Cashier Cage and noticed a "do-it-yourself validation machine" and stamped my card. Oh my god, really??? ANYONE could get their stamp validated from inside the casino, how do they know you were even gambling? And why can't the attendant just take your word for it? But no... you have to go out of your way to go and walk inside. STUPID, JUST STUPID.So end of story, just get your card validated as soon as you walk in. Ok thanks bye.
3	Yeah it's old school but the price is right and who cares your going to get ripped on cheap booze anyways at fremont st . Slept like a rock .
1	They probably save money by hiring people that just got out of prison. You think they'd save enough to at least help out the situation. Reserved my room for a special event, with ZERO mention you need to make the reservation over the phone, instead of online. These people are behind on the times, so let's hope they get left in the dust.
4	Good destination in downtown. I always try to stay at least one night in downtown and the 4 Queens did impress. Yes it's old, every hotel in downtown is old. But it was quaint, did not smell (like other places I have stayed) and the bed was comfortable. The Fremont Street experience is right out the front doors and the zip lines are as well. Plenty of entertainment and people watching to be had. The ice maker worked, the shower was hot, the in room safe was free, and the parking free. What more could you ask for?
2	NO NO NO NO. Do not book here. Run for the hills.I had to clean the bathroom myself when I got here. No, I wasn't being paranoid; there were boogers around the sink, along with a thick layer of dust and hair. There was no A/C in my room. I could hear the people next door talking lightly. The casino sucked, the bars and restaurants were terrible, but the customer service was good.First and last time I stay. For that, TWO STARS!
4	This review is for the casino alone, not the hotel. Never stayed at the hotel, in fact I was staying at Palazzo last time I came to the 4Q.This is typical of the downtown-Fremont casinos. More cigarette smoke. More degenerate gamblers. Better video poker pay tables. You're not getting fancy 21st century Vegas here, you're getting 1980s Vegas and you'll like it or you'll shut the hell up.What can I say? I like it.Four stars.
4	We were just in the casino, so I can only review that however. I have to say that of all the staff in all the casinos we visited on Fremont St., Four Queens had the nicest cashiers and wait staff.  Friendly and warm.  That is something hard to come by in Vegas if you are not a high roller.  The cashier welcomed us as we were from out of town.  The drink staff was friendly and came by often.  Slots were good.  We will go there again for sure.
2	My boyfriend and I went for the 2012-13 New Years - on a spur of the moment trip.  That being said, our prices of $59-89/night was pretty darn good(military rates)! With those prices, however, came a pretty dingy room that didn't come with a clean bathroom.  The toilet seat was stained (paint stains, and it looked disgusting although it was probably clean) and looked so gross, and there was hair on the counter when we got there.On one hand, for the prices we got and for 0 planning, we got a pretty good deal. On the other, next time I'll pay a little more for a better room - even though we were hardly in it. We spent the extra money losing at Blackjack - but had a GREAT time at that! Would I do it again if needed? Yes, you can't beat that price - especially on New Years.
4	I've never stayed here, but I would definitely recommend checking them out if you're visiting Fremont. Its a fun atmosphere, cheap for drinks and gambling, and plenty of fun times for all! The machines may be a bit old, but the servers come around often for drinks and the people at the card tables are super friendly and more patient than they tend to be at the strip, so its great if you are still learning poker or blackjack, etc.
1	Wow this place is gross. Outdated. Dirty. Reminds me of a bad dream. I was on the 10th floor and could still hear the music. I don't know where I will be staying tonight, but it won't be at the 4 queens.
2	Like a lot of other DTLV casinos, the Four Queens is small, old, and wreaks of smoke.  Nothing really at the 4 Queens that gets me going here.  However, I still have friends and family that love this place only because they've won her before.  If you see me here or check in here, it's usually because I'm here with out of towners.  Fairly loose slots based on people I know.  Table games are okay with minimal limits. The bars are packed, but nothing worth bragging about.  I don't frequent the 4 Queens like I did back in the mid-90's.  But will stop by because I tend to use them for their parking.
4	We loved Old Vegas!  Loved the classic and original hotels that are off the beaten path and have character.I can only review the Casino as we didn't have the pleasure of staying in a room here.  We really enjoyed the Texas Holdem Table.  My mom especially enjoyed learning Texas Holdem and how to play the house.  Pat, our dealer was especially patient with her even when she kept touching the cards at the inappropriate times.  The one thing I would want was multiple tables offering the same game but to the size of the Casino they only offered one table per game so if the table was full you were SOL. Four Queens also houses a classic old school steakhouse, Hugo's Cellar that's better than words.  See other review for more detail.
3	I had never stayed downtown before and the feeling and experience is very different from The Strip.Freemont is very homey and has more of an older crowd than the strip. With the freemont experience and light show and live bands during the summer you can have fun even if you cant go into the casino's.That said this is about 4 Queens hotel and Casino.The rooms are decent and clean and well maintained and I never experienced any noise (I stayed on the 10 floor I think).  The hallways leave a little to be desired for and resemble a motel 6. The elevators were speedy and wait was never long so no complaints there, unlike at Imperial Palace.It has several dining options, the Chicago sports bar, Magnolia's Cafe and Hugo's Cellar (fine dining).  So you will never go hungry.  The slot machine selection was decent for the amount of space it had.  The patrons definitely skew older, say 50 and up.You can also take the deuce or Wax bus to get to the strip for 2 dollars a ride or 8 dollars for an all day pass. I would reccomend the WAX over the Deuce, otherwise you will be stopping way too much and take forever to get to the strip.
2	This review is for the Casino only. We did not stay in the rooms. We walked across the street from our casino (the golden nugget) to play in a different one. The Four Queens is what we came to first. We sat down to play some video poker and the bar tender was rather rude to us. Giving us attitude because I asked him to break a bill so I could tip him for our drinks (fine then...don't want a tip I guess?) Also I'm not sure how it is in most casinos...but usually when you play a certain amount of video poker you get your drinks comped. Not here!! SO the bar tender being rude and what not we left to the gaming floor. NOT A COCKTAIL WAITRESS IN SIGHT. Ok...I don't need a drink to gamble. BUT WAIT. Why are all the slots dirty with full to the brim ashtrays and empty drinks all over the place? I guess no one cleans over here? As we were walking out we did notice that security was kicking out a couple of hookers...so I guess they have decent security? Wasn't really a fan of the gaming floor nor how clean it was. I doubt I will ever actually end up staying here.
4	I haven't stayed here, but this is my go-to casino for Video Poker. They have the best machines in Vegas. The cafe is really good, it over looks the casino floor and you can people watch while you eat. Order the Rib dinner, it's amazing. Make sure you take advantage of the "free drinks" when your playing, the service was really fast.
4	Ok, its old Vegas, its not the newest biggest or brightest but it is in the heart of the old Fremont experience. We had an awesome time. First there was the great bell service from Chris. Not just taking our bags to the room, which we got upgraded to a suite free of charge, but Chris gave us the lowdown on where the restaurants, gift shop, players club,etc were located in the casino. Great service from everyone there. We will be back again for sure!
1	Casino wise specifically craps these dealers are not friendly.  They nit pick scold you about random things.  It makes you not enjoy gambling.
4	Casino only!I can gamble here for hours and still walk away with money.  It doesn't matter if it is the tables (cheap minimums!!) or the slots.  This is the real Vegas with the real crowds that are in it to win it.  Cocktail waitresses are also frequent and attentive.Fremont Street is the best!
2	This is for the hotel rooms. They are very outdated which makes them seem dirty, and I didn't want to touch anything. There is a television which had good channels. The room that I stayed in had a fan, but no air conditioning. On the plus side it was very cheep. One of my family members went down to the front desk and asked if they had a cigar bar and the person said "no". Well my family member walked to the back of the casino and there it was clear as day a restaurant that had a cigar bar sign. They could have much better service!
2	Ac didnt work cleaning staff walked in without knocking wont be staying here again
4	Very cheap, room was clean. Free parking with rewards card. Staff was friendly. The only negative thing is the noise level. Can't sleep at night with the bands playing.
1	After a grueling ten hour drive I was greeted by a less than enthusiastic front desk employee by the name of Josephina. Now I understand that the Memorial Day weekend can be tough for your employees but that does not mean they have a right to disrespect your customers. I clearly booked a double bed room only to be told in the rudest fashion possible that option was sold out. Josephine informed us that we placed a mere request and in no way is it guaranteed. However she also admitted that nowhere on your own website does it state that (false advertising). Instead we were given one king bed with a promise of a cot (which never came by the way. Had to call and request it ourselves hours later). Situations like this do happen from time to time in your industry but the lack of any form of customer service was appalling to say the least. We will take our business elsewhere for future visits if this is not resolved.UPDATE: Received an email from a manager stating that "we are sorry and that's about it". No offer of refund. No offer of any form of compensation for the trouble. Therefore NO FUTURE BUSINESS.
3	If you want to be in the heart of the Fremont experience (without spending an arm/leg) then this is the place to stay.  The rooms really need an update.  The beds need to be replaced - we had a really saggy mattress.  It's a bad sign when you can visually notice the body dents upon entering the room.  Perhaps we should have asked for another - but who's to say that any other room would be different?  The bathrooms are super small but adequate.  OMG the towels are so rough it's painful to dry off.The casino was never really super busy and the the majority of the crowd was older.  The air conditioning was spotty and I was a little uncomfortable but we were here during record heat so maybe that had something to do with it?  However I didn't run into this problem in any of the other casinos.I've stayed here a few times in the last 5yrs and back then I'd give it 4 stars.  This was the first time that I thought this place needed a serious upgrade.  I think it had a lot to do with the saggy bed.  But I do like the location and it's affordable.
5	So ya wanna go to Vegas?Well before you book a hotel room out on the strip where the crowds are annoying and the women charge ya by the inch. Think about Fremont! the Original Vegas.I drive to Vegas between 4-6 times a year from Calgary, AB and i can assure  you The Four Queens is where it's at! Why you may ask! Well i may say "The staff are fantastic, the casino is great and the food places inside are a big leap from the deep fried crap you can by in other place, you can get a good meal there"If you do go ask for Donavon at the front desk and she will be happy to assist you.For me the experience of Fremont is not just the light show, the bands or the shops it's where your laying your head for a few hours. Plus for some reason to me it's just a better atmosphere than the strip.So do your thinking, but remember Fremont awaits!!
1	Service kinda sucks here and the works are kinda rude. Probably not going back here.
1	Very very bad. Got in at fri 4am the needed a room for a few hours of sleep. Arrived charged full rack rate instead of quoted players rate that i normally get. I have stayed here numerous times and have spent tens of thousands in casino. Well not this time. Paid for room went up to floor and none of my keys work i had exchanged keys 3 times and none worked. Went down a forth time and was givin a different room along with keys. Guess what no workie had exchanged keys another 3 times and finally got in. After screwing around tired and cranky i asked what can be done to adjust room price. The woman behind the counter gives me a coupon book and smiles. Wow. I was a repeat customer but will no longer be coming back. The room was dirty i just gave up. Word of advice stay away. Even the casino restrooms had pee all over the floor...save yourself the hassle.
1	My wife and I stayed there this spring and were victims of room theft by the cleaning staff. My wife had left an expensive bracelet on the table in the room and when we returned after the maid had come to clean the room, it was gone. We checked everywhere before contacting security. We even identified the person we saw cleaning rooms on our floor to security when we filed our report. Of course, we never heard a word from anyone as per most inside jobs. We should have gone straight to the police instead of trusting their security to deal with it internally. They didn't even seemed too concerned about it at the time. So don't leave anything in your room that your not willing to lose because there is apparently a crime ring being operated by some of the staff at 4 Queens and their security is too  incompetent to stop them. Good luck!
1	Stayed here again the 4th of July weekend (again, couldn't beat the price!). Got into out room, unpacked and went to use the bathroom - to find - SURPRISE! It was clearly NOT cleaned. Pee, and curly black hairs All. Over. The. Toilet.  It was truly disgusting. Went down to complain, and housecleaning was already gone - so we got a free upgrade(cool! almost makes up for the scarring of my eyes, lol). Moved into the other tower, and our new room was bigger. Still extremely dated, stains all over the floor - but alas, a clean bathroom. We will never stay here again - although the upgrade was appreciated. 2 for 2 this place being dirty, and 2 for 2 me being bummed out. Next time I will fork out more money and stay somewhere that I don't have to wear shoes around the room and in the shower!
3	Met one of my friends from California that is staying in downtown LV while he is out here house hunting.  He suggested meeting up for dinner at Four Queens, which I honestly have never heard of, so I was game as the adventurous Yelper that I am.Parking was pretty easy at 7pm weekday, but I noticed that the garage was full on the 3rd level when I left at 9:30pm.  Plus the other people in the elevator on the way up were all parked on the 4th or 5th floor.  So I guess the locals that frequent Fremont Street in DTLV are aware of the 3 hours of free parking with a validation stamp (got mine from their Magnolia's Veranda restaurant).Taking their garage elevation down was a little disorienting for me.  When I stepped out and looked around, I thought I was on the wrong floor (still inside the garage).  But you just have to turn left and head towards the casino entrance at the bottom of the ramp.The casino itself is small, much older and fairly saturated with the ghosts of long dead and dying cigarettes.  Pretty typical of the smaller, more vintage local casinos.  However the draw are lower limits for table games, plus better odds from the slot machines and the fact that you can exit directly onto the middle of Fremont Street Experience directly from the casino.One of their restaurants (Magnolia's Veranda) is their version of the casino cafe.  The food is decent for a nominal price.  Perfect for filling your empty tummies without depleting too much of your bankroll for the gambling portion of your Vegas casino vacation or staycation.(Sprint subscribers will have crappy signal and data reception in here, which is just an FYI).
1	North Tower a bit run down. Clogged sink, mold growth on the ceiling, non smoking room smells of smoke, bed shows obvious signs of wear. Needs updates ASAP.  Will not stay here again till repairs are made.
3	Decent, not great.We found this place while walking around Fremont street during the day a few years back.  They had a good ham steak and eggs special.  So we decided to stay there recently.Room was okay, kinda pricey for what it wasn't.  Parking is hard to find and navigate.  Extra charge for internet.  Staff at check-in couldn't get a terminal working, but that's more management's screwup than staff - if management chooses to understaff and undertrain, what can the staff do about it? Anyway, the room was clean if small, we got two Full size beds instead of Queen, there's no pool and the casino is small.  It's a fair place to stay if you want to enjoy Fremont street.  Don't expect much from this joint.
4	I haven't stayed here, but this is my go-to casino for Video Poker. They have the best machines in Vegas. The cafe is really good, it over looks the casino floor and you can people watch while you eat. Order the Rib dinner, it's amazing. Make sure you take advantage of the "free drinks" when your playing, the service was really fast.I got a room here on a Saturday night using the hotels tonight app. I was very impressed with the room. It was clean and comfortable. Great value for a room downtown.
3	First of all after reading other reviews the staff that I encountered were very nice and my check in was quick.  In fact the only staff I met in the hotel that wasn't nice was the blackjack dealer that acted like she didn't want to be there and promptly took my money!  That isn't a knock against the hotel though.Our room was okay.  For the price it was fine and what I expected.  This isn't a strip hotel and there are no "resort fees" which was nice.  If you're looking to do Vegas on the cheap or looking for an old school Vegas experience I would highly recommend this place.  They did have a nice sized flat panel TV, which I wasn't expecting for the price, so a bonus.  If you're looking for a nice Vegas strip hotel you're in the wrong place.  I used the wi-fi hotspot on my phone, so no complaints there.The best thing about the Queens is that when you go downstairs and walk outside you are in the middle of the Fremont strip.  This is the old Vegas strip for those not in the know and it's a covered walkway with casinos and places to eat and drink right there.  If you are looking for cheap alcohol this is also your place.  You won't find as much cheap food and drinks on the strip for sure since that gets expensive quick!  If you want to go to the strip it's a short bus or cab ride away.  Another good thing about being downtown is you are close to the Pawn Stars shop, Mob Museum and other interesting shops in old downtown.  They are all walking distance.  One thing I didn't like was that I lost my garage ticket (which you don't need in strip hotels) and it was a hassle to get out of there without paying $18 per day.  I did not have to pay because I was staying in the hotel, so that's the good news.  It took about 30 minutes to sort it out though.  I never felt unsafe here or like it was a bad place and I felt like I got my money's worth.  The room was big, if dated, but wasn't any dirtier than any other hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, including the strip.  One thing I find interesting are the complaints about smoke smells.  Vegas is still a smoking town.  In fact I would feel out of place if I didn't smell the remnants of past smoking and partying!  That said I stayed in a smoking room and it didn't even smell like smoke when I checked in.  If you're that uptight then look elsewhere.  If you're looking to have a good time this is a decent, cheap hotel that has lots of amenities nearby.   No 24 hour room service, but if you need a bite to eat at 4am they are a short walk nearby.
4	It's definitely not the cleanest or the most posh, but you get what you pay for and I got this for a great deal for the weekend.  The valet parking was great and a pleasant experience.  We got there just after midnight so there was noone at registration.  We checked in quite easily and was in our room within seven minutes!   And they indeed gave me what I asked for, a room up and away from the noise on Fremont Street.  You could still hear it somewhat, but it wasn't too bad to where we couldn't sleep.  The gambling is meh, but I loved the access to Fremont Street.  You walk right out into the action.  I had a convention, so they accommodated me very well.  My car was parked in valet, so the guy let me come and go to get what I needed.  I liked the fact that when you go out on a Saturday night, there's a cop there waving away people who are not registered at the hotel, so I was able to get back in and find a parking space.  Their gambling was so-so, and I didn't win anything, but I would stay here again.
1	I really don't like to leave bad reviews but sometimes the people have to know!  Would never stay here again.  The pool was such a disappointment!  I specifically paid a little more for this one b/c of the pool but seems I should have just gone w/a hotel that wasn't spendy and didn't have a crappy pool.  Anyway, no big deal but when my boyfriend & I finally came up to go to sleep there was loud music  right outside which felt like it rad IN our room. No biggie it was only 1am afterall.  But by 4am it was still going so finally I called down & asked if we could move to another room.  They moved us but why would they put us in a crazy loud room in the first place if others were available?  Ugh.  We groggily checked out the next morning & I mentioned it to the front desk girl.  She actually just  shrugged?!  Wow, must hotels would have committedthe room or atleast offered a discount or coupon of sorts.  What an amazingly horrible experience.  Never, never again as I would rather sleep in my car then stay here.
1	I enjoyed Old Vegas, the Fremont Experience, the entrance that came out right onto Fremont Street, the occasionally $5/hand blackjack tables, the somewhat comfortable beds. That's it. Spent 4 nights there this week. One older-to-middle aged, female dealer witn short hair was so rude. Snapped at me and others in her thick accent whenever we weren't clear about the rules that apparently Four Queens somehow invented on their own. Not sure what her name was, but when my husband and I would scan the casino to see which tables she was working so we'd know which ones to avoid, we began referring to her as "Old Iron-Box". It fit her perfectly. The north tour is so loud. It's above Fremont Street so from 9pm til approx 4am at the top of each hour we were blasted awake from a dead sleep to "enjoy" 5-10 minutes of loud music and bass thumping. The registration desk fails to share this with you when you check in. They just must have warped senses of humor, didn't pass their hospitality 101 exam, have bad attitudes, or all of the above. The entire hotel wreaks of stale cigarette smoke. Every item of clothing I brought quickly absorbed this nauseating smell soon after check-in. We had to switch rooms once because our toilet stopped flushing. Had to meet the others I was traveling with at the front desk at 330am so we could check out and be ready for the airport shuttle. Long counter...nothing blocking the view (no baskets, flowers, or statues)...& I stood there patiently. However, I still had to walk down to the breakfast slurping female employee and 2 male employees standing there sucking oxygen. I checked our and she tells me the computers are down so she can't print a receipt. I was concerned, I told her we ordered room service a few times and I want to make sure I'm not getting overcharged. She smirked and rolled her eyes and said, "Uh, no....you're not getting overcharged." I asked for an emailed receipt. "Um we dont  have any way to email it to you," I suggested (drum roll please) emailing me by way of the internet??? "Um no. I'll just send it to your home address." I advised her that if the bill was not honest, I'd come back to Vegas and stay at the Golden Nugget to see it's fixed. Her reply: "Ummm...Kay..."Shady, dirty, potentially underhanded.
3	This review is for the casino only.Pros: This was down and dirty Vegas!  There were fall down drunk people, old chain smokers tethered to the slot machines; pretty much all the caricatures you'd expect to see.  This is not a high end place, but that's the charm of it.  The machines seemed to pay out a little more than on the strip, and the staff working the craps table my boyfriend played at were really friendly.  They kidded around with me a bit and even let me take a few turns.Cons:  Remember that down and dirty part?  Well, not all the characters here are so charming.  While cashing in my slot winnings I was approached by a man who asked if he could be my "personal toilet", then proceeded to offer me money for a quickie in the casino.  He was very persistent, despite my negative responses, and continued to peer at me over the slot machines once I rejoined my boyfriend at the craps table.  Weirdos like this are certainly not the casino's fault, but I feel like it's worth mentioning to potential patrons.  Ladies: if you're wondering whether you should take your pepper spray with you or leave it at home, JUST TAKE IT.  You never know who you might run into, and they don't sell any in the gift shop.
4	My parents and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights while competing in the World Food Championship, which was held on Fremont St. For our needs, this hotel worked perfectly. Basically - you see what you get. It is older, sure, but has more character for it. Plus, it is right on the Fremont Experience - just walk out the door and you're under the lights. The rooms were clean, quiet, and comfortable. The entire staff was very friendly and helpful. I wish they would have had free wi-fi, but I guess that is becoming rare these days. Magnolia's - the restaurant there, has fast service and pretty good food reasonably priced. Careful though, their promo prices are with a player's card and it is $1.00 for a to-go box. Overall, I was never bored staying at this hotel. There are loads of cartoons both inside and out on the street. As others have said, the Four Queens isn't as nice as the Golden Nugget, but it is functional and cheaper. Also, parking is free if you stay.
3	Honestly I'm not a big fan of the downtown casino scene but I find myself always gravitating to the Four Queens, it's like those old ratty sweats with the hole in the crotch, you have better pairs, but it's just something familiar about them.I've been going here off and on through my many years of living here. I've never seen the hotel rooms but I've eaten at Magnolia's which is a decent diner type place. Played the machines here on more than one occasion and never felt robbed. The bars are friendly and pour a good drink. I've been to a couple shows in the Canyon Club, the venue is small, without a bad seat in the place. Yes old friend, I'll be back.It's old, a little stinky, a bit dirty but sometimes that's just the thing that will make you happy.
1	This review is based on the fact I was a guest here and live locally. I had to be at work early the next morning and was late due to the parking structure guy. Upon arriving at check in I asked for my white ticket to get validated. He gave me a parking pass and said I didnt need the white one. Sweet. Turns out I DID need that ticket and it caused me to be late. The parking guy gave me 2 options: sit and wait for security to come and id have to prove that its my car (it wasnt...it was clearly a work truck)  or go back to the room where the white ticket was left. I tried waiting but 5 minutes seems like forever when you know youll be late by the time they figure out that you are legit. After having to re-park, go downstairs, then the elevator back up to the room then back down and out to the garagr.....uggh....yeah. I was late. Needless to say, I probably wont stay here again.
1	Stay away!!!! Room was nasty, toilet wouldn't flush, stank, tub was rusted, we could barely get in any tv channels and it kept going out, no choice of smoking or non-smoking and absolutely disgusting and they wouldn't let us leave the parking garage with the parking pass bc nobody told us you must have your receipt which we threw away. Complete waste of time and $$. Go somewhere else.
4	its value-budget hotel! come on people... for the price, you can't go wrong. I did not like the room I Checked into .  and I was move to another with no problem or Hassel. the hallways are not long and the staff is friendly save for the pit bosses. I recommend the north tower , its a bit older but does not smell like smoke and is closest to gaming and freemont st. .  the hotel is old and you can feel the musky character.... but hey this is Vegas ....the real Vegas
3	The property is located right in the heart of Fremont Street. I was in the Noth Tower, which I believe is the older part of the hotel. A bit of a walk from the parking garage to the entrance, then to the elevators through the casino, but not bad. Room was clean, but nothing special, average size, soft comfortable bed, nice flat screen, good size TV. In room coffee maker was unexpected for a cheap Vegas room. the shower needs to have a curved rod installed as this would help open up a small tub/shower combo. Best thing about this property was no resort fee, so it was the best deal I could find in the downtown area.
2	My wife and I stayed at the Four Queens recently. We have always stayed on the strip so this was the first time we had stayed in downtown Las Vegas. The Four Queens is an old hotel/casino (built in 1964 and expanded in 1976) and it looks it. The rooms are small and ours was located next to Fremont St. so that we were "assailed" by the sound of the Fremont Street Experience each night.The staff was friendly enough. We had reported a slow running toilet and sink. These were fixed within 24 hours.We would probably continue to stay on the strip in the future.
1	I went for breakfast for steak and eggs and was very disappointed.  The waiter was matter a fact and unfriendly like he was just going thru the motions. The busgirl gave me coffee with coffee grains in my coffee. The new Denny's downtown would have been a better choice as I ate there the night before and I got more than what I paid for and the food and service was excellent.
2	Currently staying at the hotel. It is not the easiest in the eyes but it does the job. Gambling wise I personally am not a fan and would definitely rather go to the cal or Fremont to gamble. The rooms itself are okay. The beds are firmer so if you like soft beds don't come here. I personally kinda like it. Easier in the back. The bathrooms are kinda gross.Its an okay place to stay if youre trying to get the downtown Vegas feel without paying much. I'd rather stay at the cal or main street though.
3	One of our favorite places to gamble when in Vegas. Nothing spectacular but thats why we like it. Roulette tables are usually good too us and you can tell they are trying to make some updates. Never stood in the rooms so don't know whats going on in that department.
4	I've stayed everywhere in Las Vegas and know good hotels when I see them. Since the rate was so cheap, I didn't have high expectations.  Imagine my surprise when the room, the furnishings, the decor and the hotel amenities were as good as anywhere!  A little noisy at night, but it's Vegas -- who cares?  You can't beat the convenience to everything.
1	In side the 4-queens hotel @ the Chicago brewing company sitting @ the bar for more than 5mins. And still to waiting on and sitting at the bar. Three people just keep walking by us. Finally after 10mins. Of walking by us and others at the bar we get to order. Never coming back here.We ordered drinks and a pizza. Drink is full of ice that is from the female bartender.
1	Our second visit to vagas and first time downtown... I have learned I am not a fan of staying downtown.  The hotel has a huge part to do with that.  Made reservations for a king size non-smoking room and apparently the only room available was a smoking room with 2 queen beds - on the 3rd floor with a crappy view.  The next day our friends checked in and one of them got upgraded to a suit and the other a non- smoking with the 2 beds they asked for.  Just very disappointing.  When I called the front desk to express my sadness and jealousy of my friends they said I had to wait till the next day to get my requested room. So midway threw our stay we packed up and were excited to have our non smoking room with a king size bed with a hopefully better view since we were moving to the 12th floor.  New view sucked worse but we had a bigger bed.  Except for my last night there it was impossible to get drinks while gambling or even at the bar when I was trying to pay for them.  All other hotels in the downtown area were much better at liquor service.  If I am ever bribed to stay downtown again, it will not be at this holel nor will I gamble at this hotel when visiting the downtown area.
3	I was staying with a bff for the week and on my last night in Vegas, we decided to go bar hopping downtown. He lived in N Las Vegas so we decided to get a room and not risk getting a DUI. I booked a last minute deal through a phone app and scored a room for pretty cheap.The room was clean and modern-ish, but was the size of a walk-in closet!! A Kid Rock concert was happening right on Fremont and we happen to get a room on that side. It didn't matter since we weren't gonna be in the room anyways. If you old folks need sleep, don't stay here!
2	Typical Fremont old casino. Bad air ventilation (smoky!) and kinda depressing. 2 stars because there are worse casinos in Vegas.
4	Staff here was very friendly and attentive. I ordered a few drinks and the bartenders were nice. I like their outdoor patio...clean and very professional. Did not stay at the hotel
2	Rooms are not terrible but borderline gross. Everything was a little dirty with some kind of stain. Never staying here again. Old rooms, smells like smoke everywhere and very loud. You can hear everything, including music from Fremont Street until 1 AM.
3	I normally stay at the Freemont but found the room rates at the Four Queens much better  (500+ vs 300)  and like the Freemont, access to the rest of downtown is easy.  That being said, the rooms at the Four Queens were clean and have convenient access to casino, front desk and parking.  It is a bit noisy if you stay on the Freemont Experience side  (We were on the 6th floor).  Dining options were a food court with Subways, Magnolia's (a cafe), Hugo's (fine dining) and Chicago brewing co (pizza).  Not bad if you use the hotel's coupon book.  Hey, McDonald's is 2 minutes away if fast food is your thing.Staff were helpful and friendly.   I enjoyed my stay and will definitely consider returning there next time.
5	Great hotel and the casino actually smells good doesn't smell like smoke like most casinos in Vegas. And the service was great.
1	I wouldn't stay at this hotel, even for free. The last time I stayed here which was about a year ago during CES and the main reason why we picked that place was because the rate was less than $100 a night vs. over $200 in others. On the second day of my stay, I got back to my room after the show, and I noticed that my favorite bracelet that I left on the counter was gone. I clearly remembered leaving it on the counter, but forgot to put it away before I left the room that morning.  It was definitely the maid or someone got into the room while we were out. I was really upset and filed a report. Unfortunately, once it's lost, it's gone forever. There's close to zero chance of recovering it.  I found out who cleaned the room that day and approached her the next day, but of course she kept repeating the same words - No Bracelet. No, I don't know.   Of course, it's my fault too for leaving a valuable jewelry out on the counter, but it never crossed my mind that someone would actually steal stuff from my hotel room. Ironically, I met an older couple in the elevator that very evening, and the husband said that their room got broken into that morning, and someone had somehow opened up their safe and taken over $10K worth of their personal belongings. They didn't seem like a couple that would make up a story like that. But one things' for sure. I'm never staying at the hotel again! Ever since that experience, I opted not to have my room cleaned again, and leave the do not disturb sign outside my door. Better to be safe than sorry, right?
1	Amazing how things change!!So the many times I have been to Vegas in the last 4-5 years The Four Queens WAS the place. Now for get it. We have just arrived back from what was the worse experience in all my traveling life.We went down as usual this time was for my wife's birthday and to celebrate our 19 years together. I wanted to surprise my wife with a bottle of bubbly in the room with some strawberries for when we arrived. I made the request via email a week before leaving.Now you would expect if there were any problems for the hotel to contact you well in advance of your arrival. While on the road internet access is not great, however we turn up at the Four Queens and check in, we go to the room where there was nothing.Of course my wife didn't know so I made an excuse to pop down to front desk. I spoke with the NEW front desk manager. Who made some BS excuse about why they couldn't do it. To add insult I still wanted to do this so it was there when we got back from dinner, and the front desk manager was all over the place and I ended up waiting around in the lobby for over 45 minutes, how the bloody hell am I suppose to make up a great story to my wife who is now waiting in the room for me?So after I explained it was to be a SUPRISE!!!! I left.That evening at 11pm the room phone rings and it was room service talking to my wife asking if we wanted the bottle of bubbly delivered now!completely ruined the surprise but I made sure it didn't ruin the trip.After discussing and coming clean to my wife she was understanding and we both decided to stay in Vegas longer but NOT at this place. So we check out and walked over to Fremont Hotel and Casino and stayed there.The Four Queens will never again get my time or money.
3	Things you have to knowPros: It has NO RESORT FEE. The room is okay and neat.Cons: it's a old hotel and it smells bad in lobby and parking lot.            it's not in the strip area so you have to drive more. Shower is noisy.It's good choice if you don't want to spend too much money on hotel. I was shocked by their lobby and parking lot in the beginning.  But their room is acceptable.
3	This place is good!  Do NOT expect Las Vegas Strip Hotel quality.  All these hotels on Fremont Street are older, so expect older hotel rooms.  Never been to Fremont Street?  It's kinda like New Orleans.  We stayed in Room 1515 and had a nice view of Vegas and the parking structure...haha.  The Four Queens has a small casino which is packed with people at all times.  No smoky smell.  There are two towers of hotel room each with their own designated elevators.  One tower has four elevators and my tower had two elevators.  OMG, they need more elevators.  It seems like there is always a wait to go up.  Room:  Definitely old, but maintained.  Bed was lumpy.  LCD television with basic channels.  Good AC.  No internet unless you paid.  Water pressure was good.  Shower didn't drain well and the toilet ran.  Probably could have called maintenance, but it wasn't a big deal to either of us.  Room came with the basics: hair dryer, iron, extra pillow and blanket, two soaps, one lotion, and one shampoo/conditioner.  I have never seen that before...a shampoo that is also a conditioner at a hotel.  We were here only two nights and we didn't have the cleaning person tidy the room during our stay, so I can't comment on that.  Noise - you can hear the craziness on Fremont street from our room.  Everything does calm down around 12-1am though.  Parking sucked donkey here.  I wish they would just make it free like in Vegas.  They give you a yellow placard when you check-in.  You must present that to the parking attendant in order to leave the parking structure without paying.  When you come into the parking structure, you get a white ticket from the machine.  You must also present the white ticket with the yellow placard when leaving.  It was super painful.  Overall, we had a blast on Fremont Street and our stay at the Four Queens was decent.
3	The hotel is dated, but an overall good value. The hotel is clean and so is the casino and all public areas. Some employees here have that classic Vegas arrogant attitude, but it won't ruin your time here. The bar makes reasonably priced drinks and the Chicago Brewing Co. is simply Amazing!! Pay attention to the parking, because you need the yellow pass as a hotel guest to get out of the garage without paying
5	We stayed at the Four Queens again over Memorial Day weekend. Our room was clean and the A/C worked great. Water Pressure was great as well. We had a great time watching the Mike Hammer show at the 4 Queens Canyon Club. We had several delicious meals at the Magnolioa Veranda Restaurant. Best of all, there were no hidden charges or resort fees like you see at some places.
1	I and my family were in Vegas for my wedding. My brother and his girlfriend were staying at the four queens. We couldn't find the elevator for my brother to go up to his room, so my sister and I asked a older gentleman who was worked there around the casino floor near the hotel check in counter is, the man was so rude. He looked at us like we were idiots, he wasn't helpful at all. Plus the place was dirty and dingy. I'm glad I didn't stay at their ugly rude staffed casino. My brother and family will never stay there again after the way that man treated us.
4	Well, I pretty much came in and won lots of money. So I have to give this place at least 4 stars. I hope to come back in the future and win more money at the craps tables.
2	I would never stay here again. It's too old and not clean enough as a hotel should be. Un-classy people and it is almost impossible to get a taxi from this hotel. Very disappointed.
3	Surprisingly very clean, no resort fee, and conveniently located in the heart of Downtown Las Vegas.  There's nothing really amazing about the hotel... lobby is tiny, and parking is a bit of a struggle, but it does the job.  Nothing fancy in the hotel room, fairly standard with bed, desk, nightstand, and bathroom.  I didn't expect much as it's definitely not like the hotels on the strip.  Have low expectations and you won't be disappointed.  I was just happy the room and bathroom were clean and that it was fairly cheap!  It was perfect for us when we went to EDC (close to the speedway) and close to food/shopping!
1	I've been coming here for years.  We always stay at the Golden Nugget.  But go across the street to gamble and eat.  However the last couple of time the service has been awful. I get sick off of the food at Magnolias. The casino is super dirty and smells horrible. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting tonight.  Place has gone super downhill.  I tried to give it one more shot for ol time sake tonight.  I waited 45 min for my drink and dinner I had to ask for my drink a few times.  The waitress was very put out to bring it to me.  I did talk to management and they told me too bad. I wouldn't have been so upset if the lady wasn't so rude.  She wouldn't even go away when I asked her to. Now after dinner again I'm super sick And up in my hotel room. So sad.  The place used to be good.  Old.   But a goodie. Too bad
4	Nicely updated/refurbished/modernized original "Old Las Vegas" Casino/Hotel!  Friendly upbeat atmosphere with great customer service, reasonable costs for drinks and a terrific show with "The King & The Chairman Of The Board", a recreation of Elvis and Frank Sinatra.  It was Not cheesy and the performers were truly very talented.  We had a rocking great time, and drinks in the show were only $4.00.  A Long Island Ice Tea in the casino bar was $7.00.
3	Couple years ago I'd have given this place 5 stars, but judging by my most recent visit there 3 stars at best.The rooms are average, nothing special. But I'm not interested in the room when I go to Las Vegas. I go to Las Vegas to play video poker and drink. The last time there we couldn't get a cocktail waitress if our lives depended on it; and we tip them well. I want to play 9/6 jacks or better, or 10/7 double bonus.  The four queens has those machines, but (this last visit) the cocktail waitresses would walk right past us and go to the table games. The next time we go to Las Vegas we vowed to take our money somewhere else.
4	I have never stayed here but 4Queens and Binions are my fav places to gamble, i dont always walk away with alot of winnings but they do at least give me enough to sit on the machines for quite awhile and rack up points to use as comps later. The casino is always clean and plenty of staff walking around if you need anything.
2	Don't come here to stay the night!I stayed here at this hotel this past weekend with a group of my old friends. Checked in when I arrived on Friday to a rude bitter fat lady who yelled "what do I want!?" I told her I was checking in and she grabbed my driver's license out of my hand. After I paid and signed their card I request to get a room on the 9th floor of the north tower since my friends' rooms were on the 9th floor and she wanted to make a big scene asking me "whats wrong with the fifth floor?" I told her that my friends that I came up there with were staying on that floor. She gave an horrible attitude and threw my card keys on the counter at me along with the receipt not saying anything to me. I took my keys and went up to my room.Yes I did end up getting on the 9th floor so I was not complaining at the moment. The room was old and outdated but the king bed was comfy and nice. I was able to get a good rest on the bed. Also a plus was that the A/C ran perfect the whole time. It was not too cold and not too hot but just right. The problem though was that room smelled and looked old, the TV had only a few basic channels mostly news and infomercials on pills that help you take a dump. Another thing that went wrong that really angered me was that the ice machine on our floor was broken. So we had to take the elevator up to the 10th floor just to get a bucket of ice. However the elevators in the north tower ran very slow and there are only two of them. So most of the time I took the stairs. I waited seven minutes one time just to go up to 10 for ice!On the last night of my stay I Iost one of my card keys while I was out with my friends at Circus Circus. The other one was in my room. I went to the front desk where another rude lady named Josefina yells: "What do you want!?" Oh I'm sorry! Am I disturbing you from YOUR time or something!? I thought to myself. I told her my situation about the key and she simply told me to my face: These things don't come cheap honey!" Then slammed the copy key on the desk. I also noted to her that the ice machine did not work on my floor and she just told me to get ice from 8 or 10. Wow! Really? These people act like they work for the DMV! And that's not all. The next morning my friends and I requested late check out until 1pm for all rooms so I called the front desk and one of the clerks answered HELLO! I asked if this was the front desk and he shouts on the phone "was is it that you want!?" I told him that I wanted to get late check out on my room. He told me it was until 1pm and I told him that's what I want. When my friends and I were walking downstairs to drop our luggage in the truck and get in our last gambling rush before going back on the road the cleaning lady asked me if I was checking out. I told her until one and she simply yells: "Oh you too!? all of you making my job harder. Stupidos!" Seriously did she call us stupid in Spanish under her breath!? At that point I was pissed and ready to leave that place. One I made my final call from my room to check out the lady just simply hung up the phone on me so I had to call the desk again to make sure the check out went through. She picks up and yells "Yeah! Yeah! You already called for that! I asked if it went through and she goes off: "I already said yeah!" No you didn't You just hung up the phone in my face! I told her getting pissed off at all these people. "Well, you're checked out and your total is $$$ so goodbye!" CLICK!GOOD RIDDANCE was more like it! Ever heard of a restaurant in Vegas called Dick's last resort? The place where the waiters and workers treat their customer's like crap? Well One would have thought that Dick's Last Resort owned the 4 Queens! Service was terrible from beginning to end. Its like the employees hate being there. Why not get another job then!? I gave this place two stars because of the comfortable bed and Air conditioner in my room. Plus they have a really good restaurant called Magnolia's which serves prime rib dinners for only $10 and that place is well worth it. They are lucky to even get two stars out of me. The idea to have to up or down a floor to get ice is outrageously appalling! If you do stop at 4 Queens on Fremont St. go there to gamble and to try out their restaurant Magnolia's, but never go there to stay the night! I won't be coming back!
1	DON'T STAY! BED BUGS!By far the WORST experience my boyfriend and I have ever had on Vacation! Checked into our room on time and our room wasn't even ready. The cleaning lady had us waiting in the hallway with our luggage for over 20 minutes! Service was horrible! To add to our Vacation my boyfriend got multiple bed bug bites all over his arms and back! NEVER GOING BACK!
3	Ahh Vegas. I finally made it here in March 2014 (little late for  a review but ya know!). I will agree with other posters that the parking is TERRIBLE there, and kind of confusing. You have to get a parking pass so you can get out of the parking lot for free when you check out, but we didn't know that before and. Not that it was a big deal but whatever. Check in was easy, we booked at the front desk with our AAA membership (which I don't think they were happy about) and literally our room came to about $75 for the night. We planned on only sleeping for a few hours before we left anyways so it wasn't that big of a deal. The staff: could be friendlier. She didn't smile, crack a joke, laughed, nothing. I tried so hard to be nice and let her know we were friendly, and she apparently didn't care at all. The rooms: what can I say? It's like being pushed back to the 60's and 70's with Robert DeNiro as the casino head hancho. The rooms are outdated yes, but our room was very spacious and clean. It did smell like it was older, but again. we didn't care. The AC worked perfectly and the bathrooms were super clean. The view was terrible for us though, although we could see Vegas out in the distance, we were in view of a parking lot that was getting rebuilt and it looked sort of ghetto.Would I stay here again? Probably not. It was our first time in Vegas and we had driven from San Diego, so literally we were winging it. Now that I've been there and will be able to possibly book again, I'll stay somewhere else. The staff could use a friendly makeover, and the rooms could be updated. Other than that, you can't beat the price we paid split between 3 people.
1	Charged me for a night even after I cancelled in time, due to all the hidden fee's. I will never step foot in your casino and I will let others know what you did.
4	Stayed here last weekend for 2 days,we were on the 11th floor in the south tower. Yes, it was pretty loud outside but it didn't bother us, you have to kind of expect it if you are renting a room from a hotel that's on Fremont street, or at least I do. The room we got was 2 queen beds, which were soft and comfortable. The room was clean and had a fresh smell to it, the bathroom was small, had to suck in the belly in order to get in and shut the door. The maid came the second day we were there and cleaned the room perfectly, everything was fresh and neat.  The only thing I could possibly say that I didn't like was where the ice and soda machines were  located, the ice was on one floor and the soda was on another, I had 2 kids with me so I needed Ice for the snacks that we brought for them and had to get some water from the soda machine that was on the next floor, needless to say I was going up and down that hotel a few times while we were there just for water and ice alone. We will stay here again soon.
2	I stayed here for 4 days August 11, 2014. 1. We got to check in 4 hours early. 2. We got a $15 food credit.3. The location is awesome downtown.4. The rooms were average. 5. There was a water main break that flooded and dampened at least 6 floors by the soda machines in the hall. They put fans out which didn't really seem to help. It smelled like mildew and forget walking around without tennis shoes. 6. I tried to get a drink out of a soda machine late at night when I woke up thirsty. I seriously tried 10 floors before one took my dollar and ate it. I walked all the way to the opposite side of the casino to tell the front desk and they told me to walk all the way back upstairs at 3am to get my id. 7. They had a brand new ultimate texas Holdem table. I was their very first customer ever on the game. I had to ague with 2 pit bosses and a dealer that I still get paid on the play if the dealer doesn't qualify. I was right come to find out. It pissed me off that they were trying to act like they knew when I know for a fact they were wrong. 8. Not enough outlets in the room. You really have to search. 9. Beds were very comfortable, blanket was soft, and the ac was epic.10. I don't think I would stay here again because I want to experience other hotels and this one just did not go the distance for me to give it another chance with the other options out there.
1	Dhsushebebduebeusbduebeebdudbdjdbdjdd
4	Stayed here a few times, the last time was last year when I was looking at possible locations for an expansion of the company I work for. Stayed mid week with my husband and we had a great time. The hotel was clean, we didn't have any parking issues but we vallet. We got a fun book with things that were actually useful. The food was pretty good but we mostly ate the steak and lobster at tony Roma's. It does get a little loud from time to time but that's to be expected.
3	Venue:  Four Queens Hotel & CasinoDecor: Old school, DarkService: OkEnvironment: Gambling...of courseFood: N/A..can't speak on the grub Prices:  Affordable Debbie Downers:  Parking...lack there of around it Conclusion: The Four Queens is no different than the Golden Nugget except for less like the pool.  (Or maybe they did have one but I didn't see it).  I can be wrong.  They have restaurants.  Cheap gambling, small bids, affordable...fun.  Good place to hang out if you don't want to go overboard. Overall: C
1	I hate this place. We asked them if they would comp the drinks if we played the bar machines. They said you had to put at least $10 in, which is fair enough. I then tried to order Three Olives cake vodka with diet coke, and apparently they can only comp the garbage Smirnoff or Absolut. Are you kidding me?? They shoud be happy that anyone is even coming into this s**thole.
4	The casino itself is pretty old. Its decor needs some update but its not an awful hotel. Its reasonable and nice.We're staying on floor 9 and have two rooms. Each faces different sides of the hotel. No great views on this floor, sadly. Although on Fremonts side it is loud threw out the night. The other side is very quiet.Pros:Cheap roomsRooms with 2 beds come with a fridgeThey have a poolYou get a coupon book-let when you check in24 hr. Subway restaurant inside casinoBeds are comfy2 restaurants in hotel Cons:Floor 9 no great viewsIce machine was broken on our floorNo buffets in casino Overall, this hotel wasn't so bad. For the price i would come back.
1	Don't stay here we just checked in & IMELDA said we are $100 short when we counted the money right a few times we are so pissed off we are here in a big group on a tour bus!!!! We won't stay here again & we are 50 people here trying to have a good time we won't gamble here or buy anything in this casino By!
1	I stayed at 4 Queens for Labor day weekend. I ate at Mangolias quite a bit because I love prime rib and they have it 24/7. I ate there 3 days in a row until my recent experience with Management at 4Queens.I decided to signup for the players card to get the discounted prime rib. I was very excited to join their players card and also decided to use the "2 for 1 entries" coupon that is given upon signup. While dining, I overheard a couple who also just(I mean, just) signed up for the card convincing the other couple at the table to signup for the card because it included a 2 for 1 coupon.As I went to pay I handed the coupon over and was told "that isn't a coupon, its for new card holders who earn so many points in 24 hours. You get the coupon from the players card desk".I had mentioned that its even perforated like a coupon. I was then pointed to the fine print at the bottom of a 8x11 piece of paper that had the coupons for the 2 for 1 and a handful of other promos. No where on the coupon did it have any fine print or say "not a coupon". It only said this at the bottom of the complete page! The cashier had even mentioned "this happens quite a bit, I don't know why they do this".I would not have gotten two meals if I knew this! I asked for a manager and was told nothing can be done besides informing the marketing department.I was quite upset to be mislead by 4Queens marketing department and the lack of customer service provided in the situation, especially after spending 14 nights there since July and eating at Mangolias 7 or 8 times. Its also more upsetting that this seems like a common occurrence by the conversation I overheard and also the cashier's comment how "customers make this mistake all the time". Its not customers making the mistake, its 4Queens mistake! 4Queens needs to change the wording on these coupons so it is clear you must earn points and redeem at the players card desk.Im a vegas nut and visit every 6-8 weeks and don't plan to visit 4Queens or their sister properties after this 10.99$ error that 4queens refused to refund!
3	Stayed here initially for a night and ended up staying 3 nights. The front desk supervisor is awfully pushy and has a short fuse. This is an fairly old, paint-over- paint hotel. I don't think the A/C filter had ever been changed, chunks of dirt were falling out. I almost took it out myself. My room was super small, but they told me about this at check in. I didn't mind. The safe was gross, covered in all sorts of things being adjacent to the side of the bed. I was on Floor 19 and the noise from Fremont was not all that bad. But the noise of the old clunky A/C, although working well, and the constant elevator noise (and people waiting on the elevator) was pretty loud. Saturday night was the noisiest. Also, Sunday morning the whole top floor reeked of burnt fish..maintenance was spraying stuff to try and mask it but no go. Also, the smoke and other smells from outside your room, do get in. There is something really wrong with the HVAC here or something. But I would stay here again for the price.
2	So I stayed here for one night this past weekend. I moved my reservation for the next evening only an hour after I checked in.I got to the hotel and had a bellman get the bags out of the car, valeted the car and went in to check in. The bellman never gave us a ticket for our bags, nor did he count them at all. I was skeptical, but it's Fremont, not the Strip- so I went in to check into the hotel. Our bags were sitting on the valet cart unattended off to the side of the lobby. I took my camera bag with my $1500 camera off of it since I was nervous about it being left out in the open. Noone noticed...Then, I checked in. I was on my way up to the room, following the bellman. While on our way into an elevator, a security guard starts chatting with the bellman and follows us into the elevator. On the entire ride up, they were ribbing each other about a young woman whom they were both talking about 'getting with'. There with my best friend, and both of us in our mid-twenties, this left us incredibly uncomfortable.We got to the room.I had booked a King Suite online, and was led into a tiny room with one bed, and barely three feet between the foot of the bed and the TV/dresser.Obviously we had been put into the wrong room. The bellman suggested I call down to the front desk, so I did to get it sorted out.During this phone call (about 30 seconds in) the bellman seems rther irritated and goes (and I quote) "I can't just stand around here all day waiting on you, what do you want me to do with all of this stuff?" We took off the costly items, and sen him back down to the lobby while we waited for the desk agent to call us back (she said to wait there and she'd call the room back).She called back and I could have a smoking suite that was open immediately, or wait for a non-smoking room. We could put out bags into th non-smoking room and then it would be cleaned asap.We chose the non-smoking room. Put our bags down, that was all good. Went to Magnolia's- the food was not great. We ate the appetizer, which was good, and when our meals came.... they just weren't. We had been staying on the strip the previous two nights. I live with a chef, and my friend lives in Los Angeles, so we may be picky eaters. we chalked it up to taste buds and left to go back up to our room.Our room had been cleaned by that time. No sign of bed bugs. Good sized room, very big. Window overlooked Fremont street, even though it was covered by a large dome where they do the light shows now. starting to unpack, we realized that used washclothes (2) were still over the shower rod, 3 puddles of liquid in the shape of spills were between the dining table and the desk. Next to the bed, I don't even want to question the large sticky stain on the floor.Overall: for $186 a night, the suite wasn't bad- but I will probably never stay there again.
1	This place is a joke. They have the most ridiculous parking validation process I have ever seen. I attempted to validate my parking at the cage. They told me a floor person needed to do the validating and to hit the service button on a  machine. We did. Waited for 15 minutes at a random machine. Even had security page a floor person. Finally resorted to physically walking and flagging someone down. Then this woman wants to argue w us that she didn't see us playing so she refused to validate even after we explained that we were on the other side of the floor when we played. We did what the cage person said to do. Had to pay for parking. But oh wait I have no more cash. And they don't take credit cards.  So I had to go back in and buy something from subway just to get out of the parking garage. Super pissed I will never spend a penny here again.
1	I am going to complain about the restaurant with the prime rib. I went in with a friend of mine, who was white. We both ordered the prime rib. The waitstaff were all Filipinos. Our water server was the sweetest lady and my friend tipped her every time she came to the table. Our waitress was not friendly at all!!! When our food came to the table, my friend had the prettiest piece of prime rib and my prime rib was fat and bloody! The water server stated that it did not look tasty. My friend asked the water server to have our waitress come to the table; she did not. We ended up having the hostess come to the table and she was disgusted by the piece of meat on my plate! Another plate was ordered. It came back fat and bloodier than the last one! We requested a manager to come to the table. A very frightened white lady came to the table and she was so, so apologetic! She told me that I can have anything on the menu, at no charge and she was going to have our waitress come and apologize. Our waitress refused to come to our table! I did not order any food and was charged for the food that was served to me!!! Being Black, I just paid and left to never go to Four Queens!Two weeks ago, my fiance met his family members at the Four Queens. He told them what happened to me and they stated that they never had any issues. Well, guess what, they did this particular day! They asked for drinks from the drink server while they were gambling on the machines and she told them that she cannot serve them unless she sees $20 on the machine being played. My fiance said that he has never heard such a thing and that they have been playing for quite awhile waiting for a waitress to come by. He asked to speak to the manager and the drink server went and got security. He called me because I had just been interviewed by Channel 13 news for a story that was on the week before and to get in touch with the reporter who did that story. He had me on the phone when the security guards showed up. He said that he wanted to speak with the manager and that they only wanted to drink while they were gambling on the machines. The manager came and she told them that they have a strict policy of 13 years that you must be gambling $20 on the machines in order to get drinks. He showed her that they had been gambling by the tickets with winners and they all stated how much they had been playing. She stated that they needed to see $20 in the machine. They all left the Four Queens and have vowed to not to return.Anyone ever experience these issues? The Four Queens was and is totally out of line! Minorities spend their money just like everyone else! They will never get another penny from me. I know they are affiliated with other casinos, but I will not be setting foot in this one and will tell everyone that I know to not waste their money. And, yes, all my friends are mostly white!
1	I have been visiting down town Las Vegas and The 4 Queens for well over 25 years, but my most recent experience at the Queens has altered my view.While shooting dice at the crap table, I had the most unpleasant experience of being scolded that I need to get both dice down to the end of the table. After 10 rolls, and on my last roll one dice 2 inches away from the back wall? Really, then some old grizzled miserable POS floor person attempted to school me on how to play craps?We HAD a family tradition that we would all have dinner at Hugo's Cellar on our 21st birthdays (8 of them), That tradition is being replaced by Andiamo's over at the D.Many great times over the years, what a shame. Once again, I don't appreciated being treated like a dirt bag.And to the disrespectful floor person (you know who you are) Hopefully a much younger employee can assist you with getting onto the email machine to read this review.Yeah, I'm the guy that gave you my player card and told you to throw it in the garbage.Sad....
1	Ya know it really saddens me to say this because the Four Queens is our place we have been playing/staying at a couple times a month for over 10 years, but it's literally really become a s*** hole.We use to bring all our friends and family here as well and in a desperate attempt to NOT have to change tradition we have continued to give chance after chance with no success.When we checked in Jen the casino host was less then thrilled to help me as I went in to see what rates we could get beings we spend a TON of money there. She really didn't seem to have any time for me and sent me back to the front desk for check in which usually the casino host has always taken care of for us before.We checked into a deluxe room which is nothing more then an outdated standard small room, so we called to upgrade to nicer suite. When we got to our suite it was very outdated and we felt it was very obvious they didn't care about our wanting a "nicer" room even though we told them we were willing to pay, but this room was bigger then the deluxe room and we had our three children with us and didn't really want to move rooms again so we stayed.As we were in the room we noticed it wasn't very clean. The bathroom was dirty (floors counters and shower) the coffee table was literally falling apart and looked as though it came from a trashy garage sale. The sofa bed had a label on it warning you NOT to use it so the three little ones had to share the king bed with us, oh and did I mention they put us in a room right above a band that played until 1AM or so in the morning. We didn't know about the band at check in otherwise we would've said something so this was a huge problem for our three children of course.I'm not really sure what has happened but ever since our VIP casino host Sara left this place has been declining rather quickly and we just learned our manager who took care of us left several months ago as well.I wouldn't recommend STAYING here at all. Very horrible unfriendly staff.PLAYING HERE is an all together different experience. The bar tenders have a low turnover and it's great to see them each weekend. They know us, they know what we drink and they take care of us as we do them VERY well.The pit bosses are very good to us as well as we see the same familiar faces back there often also.Bottom line casino host and front desk staff are horrible and treat you more as an inconvenience then a guest spending money there and housekeeping well I suppose they hopefully changed our sheets before we got there if that wasn't too much to ask.
2	Had a very nice trip to Vegas and reluctantly stayed at the 4 queens for 1 night.  My buddies were all at the nugget and I lagged on reserving my hotel, so 4 queens it was for me.  You truly do get what you pay for with this gem.  The room was very outdated , shower looked disgusting , AC sounded like there was a jet plane in my room and didn't function well.  Luckily, I only slept for about 5 hours and got out of there.  I enjoyed the whole Fremont experience , but will try and plan ahead next time and stay at the nugget.  I payed $99 for the room and wasn't expecting much and got exactly what I expected.  I would not recommend this hotel.
3	Who doesn't like Fremont Experience, the old stale smoke of lingering in every crevice of the spot.I came here because I had enough credit for a free room and I was upgraded to one bed room suite. The only thing I had to pay was for parking which was $4 with unlimited in and outs. Our room was very nice, my gf and I usually stay at the strip and we were pleasantly surprised. Our room included a comfy bed, a wet bar and a pull out sofa couch with granite and tiled restroom. Furthermore, this place is right next to Fremont and the recycling park so it's pretty fun to walk around. Best part is they are one of the few hotels with no resort fee!Overall, the staff here was friendly and we can't really complain because we didn't pay anything for a suite. As long as you keep your expectations in check we didn't care that we weren't at our usual vdara or cosmo. If you're looking to stay at a place on fremont street, I would recommend this place if you're looking to save a couple of bucks.
4	good value hotel, right on Fremont Street, easy check in and polite staff, would highly recommend !
3	This hotel is outdated. The floors and rooms look like a movie set for an 80's themed hotel. From the baby blue hallways to the grandma and grandpa styled wall paper, this room needs a serious over haul. Especially for the price.
1	This review is for the cafe in the casino. I have lived in LV for 11 years & have never been treated so terribly .Came to get some food after walking around Fremont East. We found HAIR in 2 out of 4 plates of food !!!!! Ewwwwww!We complained to a manager & were told that 'MOST' of the cooks wear hairnets! 'MOST?!??! Well obviously that is not good enough! We got a total attitude from her when all we did was address the issue ! Hello we wanted to eat!Needless to say after this experience I would never ever go back ! We tipped the waiter $20 and left . I plan on contacting the food & beverage manager in the morning.This is completely unacceptable to one not only find hair, but to get a complete attitude is so unprofessional . I will make sure to not only let ever local I know never to go there again , but any out of towners also. I would give negative stars if I could!!!!
1	I'm staying here tonight and the A/C unit went off, they tell me that some people are complaining that the rooms are to cold! I have an idea adjust the thermostat in your room!! So now we have to sleep with the window open ... Right... don't get me wrong but when it's time to sleep I want to sleep!!! How the heck can we sleep with the music so loud! This place SUCKS!
3	This is pretty much a bare bones hotel but that is the kind I'm used to, so for me that isn't an issue. Other reviewers do have a point when they say that everything looks old or outdated because it is. I'm not much of a gambler, so I don't have anything to say about that really. I was only here to sleep. Depending on what side of the hotel you stay in, you could very well hear the music on the Fremont St Experience, because that is what I put up with. I would definitely stay here again because of the price. As of this writing, it doesn't make you pay a resort fee unlike almost all Vegas hotels at this point. See what a basic room would look like here: http://bit.ly/4queens
3	I stayed for the weekend of life is beautiful, it was more expensive than usual, which is what you expect in downtown. Our bathroom door seemed to have an issue, it either couldn't close well, or open, so I ended up being stuck in the bathroom twice. The valet was quick, and very kind, always welcomed you with a smile. House keeper was very kind and gave us extra cups.Drinks came very quick, which is the best. I have not much to complain about, I had a very good stay here.
2	A major disappointment , my first time to Vegas.I did get a good rate booking through bookit.comI ve read some mixed reviews.Here's the real truth!!!!!Dated Hotel and lame cassino.I'm sure it was great in the 80 ' sWhere I stayed North tower 16th floorOver Fremont music PavillionBig mistake , loud ass rock most of the night.Of course front desk didn't mention that at check in..Forget about sleeping..Central air /  heat re cycles the cigarette smokeFrom the cassino below in your nonSmoking room.Toilet ran all night.Major dust and trash behind  night standMoved it to plug in cell charger$8.bucks extra for wifi If you dont get room service they call it "going green"They give u $10.food voucherOnly thing I liked was parkingSince I cant sleep through the loud music I decided toWrite this review. ...
1	This place was an epic disappointment! I asked for help to get to the valet and the guy was rude and then miss directed me! I then ask at check in about the coupons they had given me at check in and they acted as if they had no clue. The welcome sign at check in was cracked ands broken. The electrical outlet was brown and grey with dust & dirt. We walked out of the elevators and noticed the ceiling decor was missing. My eyes started burning within the hour of check in. The smell was so bad when we walked in our room it was stomach turning. I immediately went to open the window and it was covered in dirt. We decided to grab a few drinks while the room aired out. It never did. When we were in our room we started noticing all the scum left behind. Every corner was full of grime. The ceiling had something that looked like lipstick. The fire detector was yellow/ brown with dust and dirt. The vents were brown and looked like mold or something. The bathroom mirror had a black ring around it. The bathroom floor was broken and dirt was left behind. The bathroom looked as if someone threw brown food or drink all over. There were brown spots all over the wallpaper and light fixtures. The tissue holder had something dripping and splattered all over it. The toilet had some chunky, beige colored liquid squirted all over the back. The door handle to get out had some dripping white stuff dried all over. I could go on! This place is a health hazard and I think it should be shut down! I don't know how they are still up running! I don't want to give them any stars!
4	We stayed at the Four Queens originally since the price was the lowest on Expedia and it didn't have a resort fee.  While the hotel shows some signs of age, it's really a fine place to stay in a very convenient location to either downtown or the strip.  They give you coupons to the restaurants, which are also a great value.  Two things to be aware of are that Fremont Street has a night party, and rooms facing Fremont will likely be noisy till late (even as high as the 18th floor).  Also, since there is not resort fee, internet is about $9 per day, but really that's not bad, especially for the price.In summary, I'm glad I stayed here, and it was probably the best value for my hotel dollars I've ever gotten anywhere.
3	This review is for the casino only (video poker / blackjack and sportsbook).  Anyways, i'd give the place 2.5  stars but i'll round to 3 because they have some good gambling and comps on their Video Poker. If you're drinking they seem to come around often enough as well.The 10/7 double bonus video poker game here is some of the best you can find in Vegas that offers good cash/comps back and a payout over 100% if you can play perfect strategy.  I don't play it a lot but when I do I drop in here on the $1 or $0.25 machines.  The $0.25 even has a progressive jackpot.The blackjack isn't great but better than most places and isn't that 6/5 for blackjack garbage yet.  Their website is hilarious they advertise that they voted Best in Vegas for Blackjack.....ummmmm this was in 2008 however!.  I guess that still counts, 6 years later?  LOLThe sportsbook run by William Hill here is super weak for seating.  Head over to Downtown Grand for a better place to watch sports.  I do hate the noise and smoke...ugg!   Look forward to heading to Hugos for some comped meals sometime soon though :)Just an aside.... I had my coolest casino moment ever here when I saw some guy win 50k on a $10 let it ride bet.  He jumped up and kissed the dealer and yelled "who says dreams can't come true!"  The dealer didn't mind as he tipped her like $1k.  We were just walking by on the way to Hugo's and it was so cool.  Not a bad return on one hand for $10 bucks.
2	2.5 stars. Basic room, seriously no frills. But the room was cheap and at least clean. I dock points for the loud music you can hear from Fremont. What the hell is that about? Come on now, and I don't like that they don't tell you about it at check in. Our room was right next to the ice maker too, so we got to hear all the comings and goings of everyone on top of that... joy.The casino was cold for us. Nothing hit between roulette,  black jack, or slots.The location is decent so we had a good launch point for walking around though.Underwhelmed but like I said- the room was cheap.
2	All around bad. It started with the front counter saying no double non-smoking rooms were available. The person I  traveling with quit smoking so this just wasn't workable. Magically a room opened. Then later another one. The first room looked like no one has vacuumed in awhile and the hall carpets where loose and coming up like the entire floor has flooded (floor 4 North Tower). There was also bad mold in the bathroom. I called the front desk to see if I could at least pay for an upgrade and they sent me to a room that was better but had hair in the shower. Later found the heater does not work (during a cold season it was 40 degrees at night) and the shower gets room temperature at best. I wanted to get my money back and leave but there was a big convention and everything is booked.The reason for two stars is location. While loud, it was nice being so close to everything.
