1	If I could give them NO stars, I would.We have eaten at the BluBurger location on Jomax and had a great experience.  Good food, decent service, no complaints., so when a new location opened up around the corner from our house we decided to check it out with our neighbors and their 2 kids.I arrived first and went to put our name in for a table but instead I waited.  And waited.  And waited some more.  The hostess finally came over and when I requested a table for 4 adults and 2 kids, she let out a sigh and told me that they were completely backed up and could not seat us.  Confused, I scanned the dining room and counted no less than 4 empty tables and 3 teenaged waiters milling around aimlessly.  Dude, the hostess hasn't even met my neighbors kids yet and she was already throwing us out!  At this time, the rest of my party arrived and I let them know what the hostess told me.  My husband walked over to her and asked why she wouldn't seat us mentioning the open tables.  The hostess told us that they were short staffed and backed up in the kitchen but she will seat us anyway.  She also added that we would get no service, not even water, for 20 minutes or more.  WTF.  I have never in my life encountered such a thing in any restaurant - especially one that was newly opened, the smell of fresh paint still in the air.  Certainly not the way to treat potential customers.  Instead of sticking around and starving, we all ended up at Pei Wei a few steps away.Apparantly we weren't the only ones annoyed with the rudeness of BluBurger.  Within minutes of us sitting down at Pei Wei, 3 other groups from BluBurger walked through the doors.  They got tired of waiting as well.So, can't comment of the food at this particular location but the attitude that we got there was so atrocious that we will not be going back.  Ever.
3	Where's the beer?Not a huge burger fan - but Boyfriend is and I was craving a cold beer...We agreed on Blu Burger as we lack restaurant options north of Deer Valley Road and East of Cave Creek Road.We had been before and had a great meal.  Considering I don't love burgers - I was exceptionally happy with my meal.BUT - here is the issue - I didn't pay much attention to the beer menu the first time - I wasn't impressed but settled on a Corona.  But last night - craving a nice cold beer after a long week at work - I scanned the beer menu - well - it took 2 seconds to scan and all I saw were the likes of Bud Light, Miller Light, Coors Light, Amstel Light, Corona etc...  So help me understand - Fancy Burger Joint serving up College Beer?Fat Tire and Stella on tap just don't cut it for me.I politely asked (did not complain - simply inquired) the manager what the deal was and he showed me the beer list saying they had plenty of beers. He also told me that they were more of an upscale burger / food place.  Well no sh*t - I knew that already - so I just want to know why they think it is OK to serve (in my opinion) - crappy beer (again - just my opinion).Why not get some great micro-brews on tap - and maybe a couple of the 'upscale' beers in a bottle - a Newcastle would have been fabulous last night.They have a decent wine selection as well as liquor - but to me - wine and burgers just don't mix - while a beer and a burger would have been so savory last night.BUT - I won't knock the food - the burgers and the options are great - the fries are excellent and we had excellent service.
5	I don't think of myself as a huge burger fan.  It takes a really great burger for me to get excited about them is what I am trying to say.  A friend and I stumbled upon an ad for BluBurger Grille in a little pamphlet and decided we'd try it.  The next afternoon we went all the way out to Scottsdale, hoping it wasn't too outrageously priced.  We were pleasantly surprised when we found a non-snooty atmosphere with a simple and fairly inexpensive menu.  They have a variety of, to me, exotic meats like Bison and even Kobe beef.  There are several already fixed burgers you can pick from or you can make your own combination.  I went for the create-my-own angle and ordered a turkey burger with a whole wheat bun (they have several to choose from), pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, chopped garlic, mixed greens, and the amazing roasted red pepper mayo.  Their sweet potato fries are pretty tasty too, but I got the coleslaw and that was decent.  When they set my burger in front of me, I definitely could tell this was not going to be a normal burger...remember, I am not a burger person.  My first bite could only be described as otherwordly.  A messy burger is the best kind in my book and this one was dripping with juiciness (not from the mayo) it was the burger.  I have never had such a juicy perfect burger!  I think my friend got a bison burger and hers was also dripping with delicious juices, so it wasn't just the turkey.  About a month later, I took my hubby out to the same place...and he is a total burger person.  He most definitely approved and raves about it whenever I bring it up.  There is one supposedly opening up closer to us in the west valley, so make your way to one of them...it is worth it, burger person or not.
4	All the blue color is a little overwhelming, but the burgers are delicious and the variety is good.  I like being able to build my burger from what kind of bun that I want to whether it's a turkey, beef, veggie, etc., burger.  Great for a Saturday afternoon place to gather with friends, plenty of parking and I enjoyed the Muhammad Ali memorabilia and photos decorating the restaurant.
4	BluBurger is a standby of mine whenever I make it out to the Target close by.I've been several times and the food has consistently been good.  Love the California burger and sweet potato fries.  Pretty much know I can get a good burger here, when the mood arises.I went yesterday with my son and the server mentioned they had a kids meal.  I was really happy, but also disappointed that in all my other visits (always with my son), no other server mentioned that.The only squabble I had (specifically from yesterday, because I was STARVING), was that I waited almost 5 minutes for a greet.  It was 2p, there were only maybe 4 other tables in the restaurant.  Two or three servers looked at us, but 5 minutes for a greet?  That's not acceptable.  Won't stop me from going back, but still not so good.
4	Two words: Fresh jalepenos. Spicy, non-pickled, delish! We had a great experience when we were there in late afternoon on Sunday - good service, no waits, killer wine list. Massive burgers - I'm taking the boyfriend back there for date night sometime very soon.
4	First time here and ordered the Bison burger. What a pleasant surprise! The burger looked and tasted great. Awesome selection of gourmet toppings and cheeses for the burgers and they are NOT small!
3	I went for lunch and ordered the black Angus burger (which was $10). It's cool that you get to pick everything from the bun to all the toppings you want. The burger was pretty good and the service as fast and friendly. However, the overall atmosphere of the place seemed boring... everything is just blue (which is cool if I was a smurf but it seemed to be missing some character. I guess I'm looking for some wow factor when I spend $10 for a burger.
3	The Bison Burgers are something that's out of the norm for bugers in this area especially.The atmosphere is very... blue.And the food tasted eh... OK enough to eat but I don't know if I'd be going back anytime soon.  There just was nothing special about this place.
3	A solid entry in the better burger category.  The bun is a little much, but definitely holds up. Good sweet potato fries and quality beer available.
1	I'm hoping that someone at the Health Department reads this and is as alarmed as I am about what I witnessed at BluBurger last night.I was sitting at the bar and ordered a cheeseburger with no add-ons - so no lettuce, tomato, any of that jazz. Literally within three minutes of placing my order the bartender put a plate in front of me. Surprised by the speed but not thinking much of it I ate a couple of sweet potato fries, then noticed that "my" burger was awfully dressed up. I lifted the bun up with fingers I just wiped my runny nose with (I know, I'm totally gross but I thought it was my food) and saw that it was not what I ordered. At the very same time the bartender came hurrying back, saying she accidentally gave me someone else's order.As she whisked it away I explained that she'd have to make it over again because I already touched it and I have a cold. She kind of laughed and brought the plate back to the kitchen window. I watched while the cook did nothing more than put the big toothpick back into to bun and sent the contaminated plate out to the unsuspecting diner.I don't know if the bartender didn't tell the cook what I said about already touching it and having a cold, or if neither of them cared. What I do know, however, is that is really, really gross, and if I knew that I was eating someone else's snot germs I'd barf.So if you ate at BluBurger last night and you develop a cold this weekend, now you know why.
3	On the plus side....I love being able to fully customize my burger.  You are given options for each piece - type of meat (regular beef, kobe, buffalo, turkey, veg, etc.), buns  (whole wheat, kaiser roll, etc.), cheese (blue, cheddar, swiss, etc.)  veggie toppings and condiments.  One never knows day to day what one would crave, so it's great to be able to mix it up.On the downside...Every time I have ordered a burger medium rare, it has ALWAYS been undercooked.  Not a problem if I'm in the restaurant, but I often grab takeout, so once it's home and covered in my nifty personalized toppings, I'm kinda stuck with a rare burger.  And when I say rare, I mean you can see the mushy fibers of the meat/fat.I do love the flavors of the burgers and if sweet potato fries is your thing, theirs are very good (the thin cut, skin-on kind).I think if you order your burger one temp up from what you want, you can have a really great meal.  And though the burgers are pricier than places like Red Robin, it's a much bigger burger, so the value is there.
4	Ate here on an off day during the week on their dog friendly patio. No wait, just friendly service and a good lemonade with egg sandwich.
2	The Scottsdale location has since closed down and there is now one in the Park West area in Glendale.  I have been there 3 different times now and it has gone downhill each time.  I'm not sure what it is, but the quality of the food is not as good and I've walked away for the last time not wanting to go back.  It's just not the same as it was a few years ago.
5	Excellent burgers and sweet potato fries
4	Excellent burgers..love the spicy options. Have been here four times and the service has been good everytime..nothing like a burger and cold beer on a hot day!
2	Where's the beef?Decent decor - although the Muhammed Ali theme was a bit odd - even though the booth seating pleather was starting to crack.Food had some promise, but the bun on my burger overwhelmed the meat and the other players. And I hate that. If you get a burger, get it w/o the bun. Sweet potato fries were pretty good. Not the most family friendly place either. Want a good burger? Save yourself a lot of money and just go to Five Guys or In-N-Out.
2	Standard burger, good fries, okay service.Tried out this place a few weeks ago. My parents and I did the Build Your Own Burger, which allows you to choose your toppings and sauces. I had the black agnus beef on whole wheat with onions, lettuce, tomato, and chipotle mayo. The chipotle mayo sauce was great, and the sweet potato fries were decent. The burger was nothing to rave about (although my dad said the kobe beef burger was pretty good). For the price and the quality, I'd look elsewhere.We typically go to LushBurger on Pima near DC Ranch. Gave this place a shot, but I think we'll stick with LushBurger.
4	Some of the best burgers i've ever had. a lot of topping choices and excellent sweet fries. only downside is this place cost me 25 bucks for a burger and a beer, but then again the area that its in can justify the cost. I actually like the Ali theme as i know he lives in Az and this area is really nice makes u think he might just walk in. If u got the extra money to spend this place is well worth it.
4	I came here with my parents who happen to live in Cave Creek. They were going on and on and on... and on about it, so the last time I was visiting (and was promised free dinner) they suggested we go here. Upon walking in, I wasn't very impressed. Very small building, kinda dark, and everything was blue (duh!). Also, it smelled like cooked eggs! Not like sulfur, but like cooked scrambeled eggs?However, it was crazy busy! I immediately saw that they serve burgers made with buffalo. I LOVE BUFFALO. So, I got a little excited.  My parents told me that the "Blue Burger" was bomb, but, the menu clearly states no substitutions for specialty burgers. Aw man!! Cause I was really wanting the Blue Burger at this point, which comes with angus beef. Techincally, I could have "built my own" blue burger, but it would have cost about $17 dollars which is just silly! So I sucked it up and ordered a non buffalo meat Blue Burger. (with a salad instead of fries, this was the day after Christmas so I need to cut back on the calories!)The burger was delish!!!!! So good! Oh, and they ask you how you want it cooked. I got it medium rare, and it was perfect!  I will definately come back here when I get the chance! It would be rad if they could update the specialty burgers to have your choice of angus beef, grass fed beef, buffalo, or veggie. Then Blue Burger would be with out a doubt 5 stars!
3	Poor draft selection and nothing like the other location on Hayden (now out of business).  Food is just ok, on par with other Bluburgers, and service was a tad slow.  Parking is good though and the place was upbeat and clean.
3	Had my reservations about this place from reading the other reviews. My wife and I decided to dine here on a Saturday evening about 6:00 pm.  We walked right up and were seated promptly.  We were greeted within 45 seconds and had drinks shortly after.  My wife went w one of their signature burgers , habanero, w zucchini fries and I built my own w sweet potato fries.  Food was delivered within 15 minutes and was delicious.  That's when this place started to get busy and service went downhill.  I understand that the servers don't want to be over staffed bc it impacts their take home pay, but when customers don't return bc of poor service it should be a concern.  Once we paid, our check was dropped off by another waiter who simply placed it on our table and kept walking.  No thank you or anything.  In the end it's just a burger and I will choose to dine someplace that appreciates my business.  You're not my boy Blu!!!
4	I've eaten at BluBurger Grille on North Scottsdale Road at least 3 times. Each time has been a good experience. The food quality is high. Yes, it's an $11-15 burger but it is not "pink slime!"  Tonight I had a grass-fed Angus beef burger with goat cheese and caramelized onions sans bun. Perfect for a grain-free diet, cooked perfectly, perfectly delicious.  Also had a really quite good glass of Mclaren Vale Shiraz, so I can't complain!Service was prompt and friendly. We sat outside and had a nice view of the mountains during sunset. I guess the few crummy Yelp reviews aren't hurting them too much as it was a full house on a Thursday night. Those of us who keep going back need to share our satisfaction with others.
4	Been here several times and have yet to be disappointed with the food or service.  Tonight I had the kobe beef with brie, mushrooms, and truffle aioli and it definitely hit the spot.  The onion rings were also quite nice, and a tasty Victorian IPA washed it all down.  Glad to see some good bottles of beer (Dogfish Head, Odell's, etc) on the drink menu and the wine list has some nice wine selections as well.  I really can't understand all the mediocre reviews of this place as it's one of the better burger places around here and while not cheap, I don't think the prices are out of line for the quality and the fact that it's N. Scottsdale.
4	MMMmmm, burgers!  Cooked perfect, great serivce, lots of choices on the menu.
4	Yes, I know it's a hamburger place, but I CRAVE their portobello mushroom burgers - no, it;s not a BEEF burger smothered in mushrooms but a marinated portobello mushroom which takes up an entire bun and then is topped with the most mouth-watering choices.  I keep it simple...grilled onions, gorgonzola cheese and chipotle mayo (the mayo is also a great accompaniment to the sweet potato fries). I honestly get cravings for this.  My friends usually get some form of beef burger although salads and most recently a pasta dish was ordered.  There have been NO food complaints on any of these occasions.  My only frustration (grumble grumble) is that it closes at 8 on the weekends!  I consistently see people turned away.  Training people to dine here earlier or just losing money and potential repeat clients?...hm...When is enough business enough?
3	No way around it: this place is overpriced. From the menu prices to the plate-splitting charges to the extra ingredients to the sides. Food itself it good not great.Blue Burger confirmed to me that they use specials and happy hours when they first open to generate traffic, but take them away once they hit the critical mass they want. So don't get to hooked on anything you like about these places.
4	Stopped in around 230pm so it wasn't very crowded and it ensured fast and friendly service. I don't eat most meat so I settled for a build my own salmon burger.  My delightful server asked if I wanted cheese and I said I didn't know about cheese on fish.  She said have crumbled goat cheese. So I did.  Came out quick and hot on ciabatta bread.  It was delicious ...I should have tried the fries. The cole slaw was okay but i like mine with more kick.  Had a cold Fat Tire and it was great comboI had planned to try the veggie burger but she said they were good but frozen andhad to be fried to keep them together so I wasn't real keen on frozen.  I'm sure it's better than the Boca Burgers in my freezer, but with everything else tasting so good my only suggestions to do what Cold Beer and Cheeseburger does just south on Scottsdale and make the fresh each day.  This is going to be a regular spot for me and friends. If you are up this way you must try it. And don't for get the delicious goat cheese on your burger. Great service
5	My favorite is the buffalo burger with goat cheese.  Great sweet potato fries and nice atmosphere.  The burgers are huge and delicious.
5	We go to this place all the time, usually take friends and we can tell you that no one that has eaten here has complained about the food.  It is the opposite, everyone goes crazy  for the food.  It is fresh, minimally processed food and the bugers are served on the best buns i have had in Phoenix.  The beer is cold, the service is excellent and the interior is attractive.  Easily one of the best burger places in Arizona and the only knock on the place, it can be expensive but no worse than any of the other high end burger places in town that are nowhere as good as this.  Give it a go.
2	Received a coupon from the owner the last time I was there for a discount.  Ate a chicken sandwich and cole slaw  and was over charged more than the discount. DUH!  won't t be backl
2	Burgers were standard.  Service was sub-par.  I won't go back again.  Nothing really great about the experience at all.  Burgers weren't that tasty.
5	We love this place. Very good burgers and prices are fair compared to other burger restaurants in the area. Onion rings are very good.
1	Stopped in for lunch today around 1:30 after hiking Spur Cross. It was 10-15 minutes before a server approached our table. We were given menus but not asked what we would like to drink. After sitting there another 5 minutes without any more service, we left. They weren't busy since the lunch rush was over. The terrible service may have been a fluke, but there are too many places to eat in Scottsdale to chance a repeat of today again. I won't be going back to Blu Burger Grille.
1	Omg I ordered fish and chips or let me say 3 fish sticks with extra batter and a serving of McDonald French fries. Lets say for 13.00 I walked out starving. They need to address this entree. I do not recommend.
3	The burgers were tasty and made to order.  I went during lunch hour and didn't have any trouble getting a table and we were in and out very quickly.  The servers were attentive.
4	Had a very good salad, pear, grilled chicken Service good.
4	Is Blu Burger the most amazing burger I've ever had?  No.  But, it's consistently tasty and fresh.  I love having the option of creating my own burger.  I think they ought to push the cocktails a little more.  They have a full bar but the cocktails listed on the tables are standard and boring.  I think it would be a great idea to have certain cocktails paired with particular meals.
3	Hit or miss. So I've only had the turkey burgers and grass fed beef burgers and its either been awesome or just ok. I think it's fantastic they have grass fed beef and hope to see more places following suit. So like I said, I've had the t-burg once and it was ridiculous good and another time when it was meh. The build your own burger is a sweet option allowing you to um, build your own burger. Plenty of sauces for the patty, I recommend chipotle mayo or roasted red pepper mayo. And Monday and Tuesdays are half price bottles of wine and they actually have a strong selection of vino including caymus and Faust. Overall I like it and have been here a few times and plan on returning. Just hoping for a bit more consistency.
3	A bit pricey but tasty.  I don't eat red meat but have ordered the chicken burger and/or veggie burger which have both been fine.  The sweet potato fries were my favorite of the meal.  Think there are better options.
5	I been here many times . Most recently about a week ago. The burgers and fries are delicious . Everyone is very friendly . I have tried most of the burgers and they are all so good . I'm planning on taking my friend here since he loves burgers . I'm sure he will love it . Give it a try you won't regret it :)
4	My coworkers and I go to Blu a lot for lunch! We are addicted to the food. Their burgers are so awesome! They have a huge variety of different types of meat anything from black angus beef to bison. The burgers are fantastic! Now for your side... Try to zucchini fries YUMMM! The way Blu is decorated is pretty cool, offers an interesting dining atmosphere. The staff is always super friendly as well! The only "negative" things I would say is sometimes there are not enough servers on to accommodate the busier times and the service suffers a bit. The other staff such as the bus boys and managers do help out though. Also, it is a tiny bit pricey. I will say that the quality of the food does make it a go to place! I highly recommend trying Blu out if you are in the mood for an AWESOME burger in a super cool environment.
4	Maybe this place should change their name to Big Burger because these suckers are huge! And oh, so tasty.The boyfriend, his mom and I went here on a Saturday afternoon. The place is not very big and was about half full but we managed to snag a booth. We all ordered burgers of course although they do offer other sandwiches and salads.We all chose the build your own burger option, boyfriend and I going with grass-fed and mom going for the bison.I went pretty standard on mine - American cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mayo on a white bun. Like I said earlier the burger is huge and they do not skimp on cheese. (yay!) I cut it in half and dove in. The meat was cooked really well, just a little pink and was super cheesy. The bun was fresh too. From the first bite to the last it was a wonderful, messy, delicious experience. Boyfriend and mom agreed between burger-filled slurps and chomps.One thing to note, these burgers ain't cheap. They start at around $11 and go up from there depending on what kind of meat and topping you choose. But it does include a side, so there's that.I would definitely go back here to stuff my face with a sloppy burger and fries again. Yum.
4	Awesome Burgers and large! Love the decor and atmosphere. One of my favorite local places to bring freinds and family!
4	I was up this way with some friends and we dropped in for lunch.They make a really good build-your-own burger with an extensive list of toppings, etc. They also have excellent onion rings and sweet potato fries.  The service was a bit sketchy but it wasn't awful.It wasn't the cheapest burger I've ever had but it was well worth the money.
2	This place had potential. Who doesn't like burgers, especially build your own burgers?! So I start this place at a full five stars. But it fell flat for me. First of all, this place is literally in like the middle of nowhere. 35-40 minutes from Chandler without traffic. So that was lame. But anyways! I ordered a Build-My-Own burger and asked for it medium and it was cooked well done and wasn't juicy at all. Which sucks cuz I want meat! Nice juicy man meat! Not hard charred burnt meat. But I digress, I had a burned up piece of meat with some nice mushrooms and onions but due to the burned meat and the overall lacklusterness of the burger, I shall subtract a star.Four stars so far. However! The sweet potato fries with Herb Sauce was delish! I wish I had a whole plate of that instead. So I shall add a star.Five stars now.I also can't go without mentioning a drink. I had here signature Blu-Martinin. Which was indigestable. It was so nasty and strong and just awful. I told the waitress about it and she just offered to put ice cubes in it??? That did nothing but add ice cubes. Minus a star.Four stars.Ambiance was...interesting. The place was small and it was cold, and dark. Very  vampire-esque. And if you're a lady don't even try to walk to the bathroom by yourself. It's like walking down rape alley - there are no lights anywhere! Also the place like doubled as a gelato shop. So it's just odd going for a gourmet American burger and then being slapped in the face with an enormous selection of Gelato. I believe Hubert Keller would scoff. Minus a star.Three stars.Would I go back? Hell no. The drive isn't worth the sub par food. It's just a small little shop with mediocre food and bad drinks. So I'll opt out. And just because I left feeling so disappointed I'm dropping a star.Overall - 2 stars.
4	3-3 and a half ... Closer to 4 than three ... Ok ... 4... Had the habanero burger and onion rings.  Loved it!  I would go back just for that.  Loved the grilled flavor on the patty.
3	They have changed the bread on their chicken sandwich, it's no longer a bun but regular sandwich bread like you would get at home.  Very disappointing. But their fries rock!!
2	Food isn't bad, but the service SUCKS! never got a drink refill and it took 20mi to get change. Then found out the server was carrying it with her the whole time.. She just forgot. I may just forget to come back until they get new servers. Not only was she slow, she was insulting. Not my idea of a fun time.
4	Ate here for lunch today with my family and I must say, it was pretty darn good. We ordered the Angus beef burgers. The beef was great quality and cooked perfectly medium rare. I liked how you could pick everything you wanted on it. The fries were crisp and tasty. I ordered a salad instead of fries with my burger, and it was fairly large. I can't say I loved the ranch dressing, though. Yes, it's a tad pricy for burgers, but not ridiculous. They were really good burgers too. We'll definitely be back.
5	I don't know why this place has such bad ratings. I've eaten here a bunch of times with my family and every time has been delightful. I love how you can make your own burger and put whatever you want on it, the choices are endless and are great for picky eaters! The menu is fairly big and all the choices for burgers are delicious looking! The prices aren't bad either, every time I have gone here the service has been great. Fast, friendly and not expensive! I definitely recommend anyone who wants a good burger to come here!
4	This little place has an awesome vibe and they make a mean burger! I was in love with the chandeliers and the color scheme. I ordered a regular burger with a lettuce bun and it was delicious. The lettuce they used got super soggy though, so that was kind of a bummer. They offer an array of burger options, like kobe and bison, as well as a large selection of toppings. They also serve Gelato which I just couldn't pass up! The pralines and cream was delicious! Our service was great, the gal was very friendly and attentive. It was a bit on the pricier side, but that certainly isn't surprising for this part of town. Overall, it was a great meal and I would definitely return again.
5	The best burgers ever exactly the way you want. Great wine selection and excellent atmosphere.  Nice hip relaxing place. Watch the sunset over the valley sitting on the outside patio.
5	My husband and I really liked this place. The service was excellent. The burgers were done perfectly. The atmosphere is pretty cool. Some people were dressed nice and I was in my yoga pants/t-shirt and fit in fine.  Burgers with a side cost about $11 - $15.  The sweet potato fries were the best I've had. They were crispy with a little sea salt.
5	Not only does this place have a great wine and spirit selection but the burgers are awesome!
2	I had a basic cheeseburger medium rare and a salad with blue cheese. The salad was fancy lettuce and cherry tomato sliced in half, no croutons, cheese, cucumbers etc. Very boring. The Blue Cheese was equally as boring. The burger looked good from your table but was sver cooked, no flavor to the meat and boring as well. The bun and the veggies were good, but who cares. Service was mostly alright nothing bad. The BAD part was getting a bill for $15 for a burger that was slightly better then 5 Guys Burgers. Not going to come back unless someone else is buying.
4	A close neighborhood spot for us, with really basic but yummy food. We always bring our 2 year old and she loves the food, too. I go for a basic grassy fed burger usually and my husband and daughter love the bison burger. Definitely get the Parmesan fries, the regular ones are kind of boring.
2	This place is ok. Really not much more to say....but I will! All of our hamburgers were burnt and dry. Not good. The onion rings were tasty, fries were average and price was steep. You can "build your own" so that's interesting but it didn't matter what I had on there - it was burnt. We got 3 meals for $45 - oddly, there was a 10% discount for paying with cash.
4	Suprised to find an egg sandwich on the menu. And it didn't disappoint. Had been craving one of late and this hit the spot. This place is a little out of the way for me but I'll be back.  They have a huge selection of wines and the burgers looked amazing.
2	Very disappointed in the integrity of the chief. Two of four in our party ordered burgers medium. They came out rare. I ate mine, it was good and the 11 year old asked me because it was so rare if it was safe to eat? I said we could send it back but she said no. We saved about 20% of her patty and asked the wait person to show the kitchen what came out as medium and stated we were just giving feedback not looking for anything else. The wait person came back and said the chief said that is their medium. I'm telling you if you asked 10 people 80% would say rare, the others medium rare. NO one would say it was medium. Very disappointed they did not own up to there mistake. Other than this issue the meal and service was a 4 star.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had.  The service was timely and polite.  I felt it was a tad small inside, but they have indoor and patio seating so that makes for more room total I suppose.  I would recommend trying the "blu burger" made from bison on the white bun!  A+ in my book! =)
5	Been to this location many times and never a bad meal..always great service and awesome burger, will continue to visit here looking for great fries with an Angus burger. They also have a fantastic chicken sandwich.
5	The best burgers around!Staff is friendly. Good comes out quickly but is well prepared and presented. Convenient location.
2	Okay, so after a game of golf, we decide to chow down some burgers. We were told by the concierge to try this place and so we did.Disappointment. Granted the fact that this establishment is in the heart of Scottsdale, which is known as high rent district with all the attitude of hoity-toity people. Hamburger/Cheeseburger and a side of fries for $12-$14 is outlandish. The fact that this restaurant had various choices in beer and wine rack shouldn't be the reason for such pricing. By the time the meal and couple of alcoholic beverages were consumed, average price of each person came to about $22 before gratuity. I suppose everyone has his/her own standard or benchmark. But $22 for a GROUND BEEF and 2 beer does not stack up well on price to value ratio. Either they need to improve their marketing by convincing the diners that, this is more than just a burger place or they need to convince the diners that they are eating something much more than a burger while eating a burger.Meat was good, no flavour however and was not cooked to order; I ordered medium but came out well-done. The staff was good to excellent--good waiting staff, excellent bus staff. Everyone in the party agreed that, we could have had a lot more for what we paid; or reversely, we could have had what we had elsewhere for a lot less cost.
