5	i love the Root. one of the nicest salons in the uptown area. owner/operator is Lauren Hart. Lauren has been in the business for a long time and has a serious loyal following of clients. the shop is always beautiful, clean and bright. artwork hanging on the walls from local artist. artwork changes so i won't go into the artists.pricing is in the upper range. this is not supercuts. the hairstylists are all experienced and skilled at what they do. the staff always have big smiles. i'm sure Lauren is great to work for.
5	The Root is a great, reasonably priced hair salon in Phoenix. The stylists are extremely well trained and very knowledgeable as to their products and trade. The owner is Lauren Hart and I have been going to her for about 12 years now. Every time I leave her salon my hair looks amazing. She has been doing hair for more than 20 years and you can tell. Lauren and her staff continuously go to classes and hair shows to stay up to date on the latest trends and technologies in hair. Everyone that works there does an amazing job and they are all so friendly and upbeat. The decor is very minimal and everything is extremely clean. There is really cool artwork everywhere that is all for sale and changes periodically. The salon is really a place you can go relax and enjoy yourself. I recommend this salon to everyone I know because the staff is very professional, knowledgeable and friendly. I know how hard it is to find someone to do a great job on my hair and I have been fortunate to find this salon. If you are new to the area or just need a new stylist, The Root has what you are looking for. They specialize in color correction and they really do have the client's best interest in mind. They also offer some waxing services, deep conditioning, and they carry a wide variety of products. One tip, call ahead. Because they are so good at what they do, you need to book your appointment in advance, especially if you want to get in with Lauren. Also, they are closed on Sundays.
5	i see roxanne mostly every saturday. she is awesome. she keeps my hair blonde and very healthy. the alfaparf products are also super nice.
5	I moved to Phoenix almost a year ago and have been to a few different salons (always leaving unhappy or thinking my hair looked just  'ok').  Then I found Lauren Hart, owner of The Root.  If anyone, anywhere, knows about coloring hair, it's Lauren.  From the moment I sat down in her chair she knew exactly what to do to transform my hair into what I was looking for.  Lauren is all about keeping the hair healthy (which I love) and she keeps up to date on the latest techniqes and color lines!  Emily Claire, Lauren's Apprentice is also wonderful, very friendly and gives a GREAT scalp massage!  Another stylist Roxanne, colored and cut someone's hair in the chair next to me (which I saw from start to finish), talk about AWESOME!  If you are looking for a small salon with a very talented Owner and Staff, The Root is for you!  I finally LOVE my hair and have already booked my next appointment!
5	I see rox every chance I get.  I just wish my hair grew faster!  Seriously though, she is awesome. About a year and a half ago, she transformed my luscious long locks into an adorable bob.  Immediately everyone wanted to know where I got my hair done.  It was a perfect cut for my face.  Now that I'm growing it out, I'm ready for her to transform it into a cute medium length 'do.  Everyone at the root is nice and welcoming.  They always have a cold bottle of beer/water for you as your waiting.  I would recommend this salon to everyone who wants hip/cool hair.  (she is also a fantastic colorist!)
5	Yelp did me right and I am very satisfied with my hair services at The Root!  Based on the salon's other 5 star reviews, I scheduled my color and cut with the lovely Emily Claire.   We discussed my hair and what I had in mind.  I wanted a heavy fringe and a nice dark brown color to cover those pesky grays.  She suggested a 2 part color service which would cover the grays and also leave my hair shiny and healthy.  The Italian line of hair color they carry is so cool-it feels minty tingly when on the scalp..very invigorating.  She suggested a deep conditioning treatment for my hair...best $25 bucks I've ever spent.  My hair looked/felt awesome and the cut was exactly what I had envisioned.  She blew me out, took a flat iron over it and voila...a very chic and stylish coif that I absolutely love :)   Oh, Emily Claire also gave me some samples of the shampoo and conditioner that she suggested for my hair.  She also sent me a very sweet thank you card...now how rare and fabulous is that!!?!?!?!The Root?  I'm diggin' it :)
5	i figured it was about time i update my review of the root. i was just in the shop Saturday for my semi monthy do-do. Rox was nice enough to squeeze me in with a color job before her next client came in. i was super stoked because i was starting to show my true colors. no. not a jackass. my hair color. calm down already. she gave me a quick scalp cleansing and trimmed up my shaggy fro before applying some rich golden chocolate brown color. then i was off to the dryer. cold chilling in one of those clear Louis arm chairs from DWR, i say cold chilling, even tho my scalp area was quite warm under the heaters. i caught up on my facebook from my phone. watched Roxanne color her next clients hair, then i was off to the super cozy wash basins for a rinsing. i'll stop boring you with a play by play of my hair experiance. i just need to say that my experiance is always great and the lovely staff of the Root always takes care of me. it was Roxannes birthday and there was cake for the customers to enjoy.cake + great service + hair skill = 5 stars.make an appointment for yourself.
5	This sophisticated but friendly neighborhood jewel box of a salon is one of Phoenix's best finds.  Lauren Hart, the salon curator has a intuitive sense for what's now and her ability to translate that into the perfect color for your tresses is impeccable.  As if the her beautiful young protege's weren't enough to keep your eyes entertained, her monthly art exhibits on the wall are.  I fly all the way from L.A. to get my Roots done here.
5	Very happy to have found this salon.  Of course I found it due to the great reviwers on Yelp.  Emily C was great and really took the time to get to know my hair and what I hoped to get out of the haircut.  She answered my questions and concerns about the possiblity of color which I have not done in a long long time.  I'm taking the plunge next week with the color because I feel totally confident in her skill and opinions.Awesome awesome salon and even better yet, I can ride my bike there!
4	Update:  I received a message from Lauren the morning after posting the review below.  She was incredibly professional and kind.  She offered to refund the purchase price of the styling product or to exchange it for something I liked better.  She also advised me that I should have Ethan from E's Urban Hair do my cut if I was able to schedule with him, and called him (they're friends) to see if he could make time for me.  I'm not sure that I've seen anyone give that kind of service to try and make a customer happy.  I have to say that because of the follow up and professionalism I change my rating from 2 to 4 stars.  I think that if I would have brought in a picture of what I wanted that things may have turned out differently.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~*Originally posted 06/25/09I guess I'm the odd man out here, because I didn't have a 5 star experience.  I just relocated to Phoenix earlier this year and needed to find a place to get a great cut, so I took the advice of Yelpers and made an appointment at The Root.  I was looking to cut my longish hair to a chin length, choppy bob with lots of texture and layers razored into it.  My hair is thin and flat, and to have any body or movement I need a good razor cut.  I told Lauren, the salon owner, and stylist that cut my hair, this exact information.  I wound up with a simple bob that I paid $55 for.  The cut isn't BAD, but it's just not what I wanted or what I asked for.  At one point during the cut I suggested she should undercut it through the crown to give more body and texture, and she went on to advise me that bobs aren't undercut.  Perhaps I should have been more outspoken about what I wanted.  She actually seemed a bit reluctant to razor it at all.  I just assume anyone who charges $50 for a haircut is going to give me something modern and cool.I also asked for a product that could add texture and wave to my hair (which only works when I get the right cut, anyway), and they suggested a curl enhancing product that they sold for $22.  It didn't work at all.  I think there has to be some curl or wave already evident in the hair for that product to work.  I spent over $70 bucks there, and came away extremely disappointed.  This place gets two stars because most of the staff was very friendly, and because when I called back explaining that I was unhappy with my hair they offered to fix it for me without any quarrel.  I was going to go back and try to explain what I wanted...again, but I decided that instead of wasting my time I'd go to a salon that specializes in modern, edgier cuts.  I have an appointment at E's Urban Hair tomorrow.  I'll let you know how it goes!
5	This Wonderful Place accepts walking!!!I was running late for a din din party and I looked like a mess, when I called to inform about availability Alex was kind and quick to note they would make room for me to walk right in. I was assisted by Salon Beauty: Emily BaczewskiI would recommend this salon to all of my friends. I think I may just Facebook it also.The art displayed is available by local artist.
5	Thank you Yelpers!  Being new to Phx, it took a lot of courage for me to go to someone new after going to the same stylist for 15 years.  But I followed your advice and went to this salon.  Best thing I have done yet!    Roxanne is absolutely awesome!  She gave me the best haircut I have ever had, not to mention great color.  She was very helpful, personable, and just an all around great person.The salon is very clean, professional, and comfortable.  Thanks again Yelpers for some great advice!
2	So I LOVE my guy at Vidal but I HATE that it's departmentalized (cut & color is split btwn stylists), so I have been on a mission to find one stylist that does it all. So like everyone else I stumbled upon the reviews of The Root and went to get a consultation last month and Roxy was who I met with. It's a stressful decision  to A) cheat on your current stylist and B) trust a new one, but Roxy made me feel extremely comfortable with her skills and ideas that I was confident in booking an appointment. ...Yesterday was the appointment.. I had my mind set on the cut and color I had wanted when I arrived but it all changed once i flipped through one of their hair magazines. I have dark hair and I was dead set on doing something funky in the "red" realm and she seemed confident I could pull it off, so we went with it. As for the cut, my hair was almost shoulder length and I was going to go back to almost pixie short but decided that was a change I couldn't handle all at once, so we took a lot off, back up to just above the chin. I drank two glasses of wine during the 4 hour process and was pleased when it was over but didnt really absorb or judge the change until this morning....the verdict...I woke up and almost didn't recognize myself. The color change is so drastic (to me) It wasnt even close to the color I had picked out which was disappointing. I had wanted a deep chocolate with dark red highlights and this was dark chocolate with a LOT of caramel. As for the cut, it's a great cut I cant complain. Maybe not quite as angled and edgy as Im accustomed but I came into work and received compliments left and right from people I dont even know, if that tells you anything. Summary: If you're looking for a 20 something Emo razored rockstar look I would probably go elsewhere but if you're looking to rock a do that's sexy, feminine, classy and stylish you've found you're home.
5	I checked this place out during yelp week. I went and got a hair cut with the beautiful emily b. I felt horrible because I was a little late, but she didn't make a big deal and got started right away. It began  with a deep conditioning treatment and I was amazed...my hair is so thick and crazy and the comb went right through. That is like impossible...give my enough humidity and this little asian is totally sporting a fro. She cut some amazing layers into my hair...I was so scared about cutting length, but it was fine. She was really nice and made conversation! By the time she way done, my hair was run your fingers through it soft and full of bounce and body. My hair is still ridiculously soft and easy to manage. The only problem is my honey won't stop touching my hair...he's touching my head as I type actually. GRRRR.
5	I found The Root through Yelp several months ago and wanted to write a review of my experiences there.  My hair had been the same for years, short, layered, box-dyed and dull.  I wanted to try growing it out, but had always felt that since my hair is fine that I didn't really have many choices.  I flitted around from salon to salon for years and never really found anyone that seemed very interested in what I should do with my hair...just in and out of the salon as quickly as possible.I found The Root on yelp and read the reviews and decided to give  it a try.  Made an appt. with Roxanne - I feel I really lucked out to have her as my stylist.  I have never, in my 50+ years had hair that moved like this.  The color they use is amazing...my hair has life and swings a bit and makes me feel so much more modern.  I trust Roxanne so much that I gave my daughter a gift certificate to see her for her wedding shower...what a success.  She will walk down the aisle next week looking amazing with her beautiful new hi-lights.The salon is amazing and comfortable and I never feel out of place there...it's trendy without being obnoxious.  Thanks Roxanne for making this Mother of the Bride feel good about herself.  Now, if I could only make my hair look as good as you do.  Will have to work on that.
5	It had been 5 months since my last haircut and I was beyond past due. Yelp had this great deal with The Root so I decided to try out a new place. The atmosphere was urban but still cozy. They feature local art work on the walls that changes throughout the year. My appointment was at 8am on Saturday and after talking to my stylist Emily Claire....she accepted me only a few days before and came in an hour early to accommodate me. That's cool! I'm trying to grow my hair back out so I didn't want to do anything drastic. I brought a picture and am extremely happy with my cut. Emily Claire was also very informative why styling and blowing dry my hair. She gave me great tips on how to get more volume and what products to use. I will be back to The Root for another haircut...lets just hope I don't end up waiting another 5 months!
5	In need of a change of hairdressers, and knowing Emily Claire from a previous job, I called The Root for an appointment for a cut and color.  I am so pleased with the job Emily Claire did with my color and cut.  She listened to what I wanted and did not want, she gave her own feedback, and produced exactly what I wanted!  She colored all those pesky grey hairs without leaving big black hair color marks all over my face and ears (which, for some reason, no one else is capable of doing?!) and made my hair fabulously shiny and healthy-looking!The salon is adorable, charming, and unpretentious.  I love the local art on the walls, and the relaxed (but still sophisticated) atmosphere.  And the price point is really affordable.  I will definitely be going back to The Root.
5	Just used my Alfaparf Hair products from The Root and am totally amazed at how soft and shiny and healthy my hair looks.  If you knew me you would agree this is a total Christmas Miracle.  I was born with horrid hair and have used everything under the sun and would probably be a millionaire if I had a dime for every expensive european product I have tried.  Currently I was using Pureology products but will give those to the dog.  I am a true convert.  (The sexy bottles with the purple flower also match my bathroom decor, it just keeps getting better).  Thanks Lauren Hart for turning me on.
5	I tried The Root based on yelp reviews and they were right on!! The salon was professional, contemporary and welcoming with a highly skilled and friendly staff. Emily was so accommodating and ensured my new color (I went from blonde highlights to deep red) was appropriate and fabulous. She even referenced a coworker and master color artist for a second opinion. My new color is exactly what I was looking for. Emily shaped my hair up and I am ready for the holidays. She also recommended great products to maintain my color and the price for everything was very reasonable. I have found a new salon. Happy Holidays to Emily and the staff at The Root..
5	I love The Root! I have been going to the wonderful and hilarious Roxanne for just a few months now, but I've been so satisfied!I've had my hair colored twice and everytime it turns out perfectly.  Rox knows exactly what she is doing. My hair cuts have been PERFECT as well as my eyebrow waxes, they always look great.  I would recommoned the Root to anyone, and I'd especially recommend Roxanne.  But all of the stylists are just as friendly.
5	My former stylist up & moving out of state was a blessing in disguise! After a search on yelp! for a local salon....the glowing reviews led me to The Root.  The shop is cute and cozy and from the minute I walked in, I felt welcomed and not like I was being rushed through my appointment. Everyone was so nice and I felt like I was with a group of my girlfriends.Roxanne took time to talk with me about my style and what I wanted from my experience there.  Her attention to detail and talent was noticeable from the minute she started.  The color is natural and the cut, totally "me."I left extremely happy; but a day or two later realized the highlights were a little lighter than I wanted.  All it took was a quick phone call and Roxanne fit me in (early on a saturday!) a few days later to tone them down; they look amazing! Not to mention the fabulous blow-out she gave me that made it through a windy night out! I've already recommended Roxanne to three friends and booked my next appointment.  Thank you Roxanne!
5	Although I am a native Chicagoan, I escaped to Phoenix for the month of January.  Winter hair blues had set in and I was desperate.  I needed color, and bad!   I have naturally blonde hair, it just happens to be that nappy dishwater color.  And as every blonde knows, new colorist means a quantum leap of trust.The leap was worth it!  Emily Baczewski at Root creates color magic.  Although young, she is just one of those people who has natural skill.  I ended up with shiny, (not brassy, not trampy platinum) natural-looking blonde highlights that also kept the depth of color intact.  Plus, she couldn't have made my 2 hours for a cut and color more pleasant.  Hooray Emily B.  You made me a fabulous, sans dishwater, blonde again!  The salon itself is a welcome treat.  It is professional and creative space, but has kept a casual and kind attitude.  The Root rocks.
1	Okay so it's been almost 4 months since I was here and I will never be back. Because Roxy felt the need to lift all the color out of my hair  in order to get the color I wanted.. which didnt happen. She overprocessed it. I have had nothing but breakage for 4 months and my hair feels like hay. NEVER has anyone had to lift my color to strawberry blonde in order to color my hair chocolate/deep red. For godsake my hair is already chocolate you are half way there???Plus as noted below...my hair didnt even become the color we discussed. not even close.I have to say this has been the worst hair color experience I have ever had.The one good thing Ill say about it.. their hair color lasts forever!!!!
4	Since my last review the owner contacted me. She was upset, not in an angry way, concerned and has offered a full refund. I must say this salon gets an A+ when it comes to making sure that the client is happy and/or rectifying the situation if you are not.  So for that  I will give them 4 stars because not a lot of people care as much as I believe this owner truly does.One more thing. This was MY experience, it doesn't mean this will be anyone else's. I do not speak for the masses. I have no doubt that Roxy will be successful with or without my review. She has a great personality and I stand by the great cut I received.. I just had a bad experience with color and I could be a complete fluke, after all no one else has said a negative word in her direction.So please Jennifer M..I dont know if you're Roxy's friend or an actual client  but there was no need to email me in Roxy's defense. This was just my experience, no one else's. Please respect that.
4	Last week I went to The Root to get my hair colored.  I had the sweetest stylist named Emily Claire.  She listened to me and really took her time with my hair.  I felt like she actually cared about doing a great job and making me happy. The color came out fab and shiny.  My hair looks really healthy.   I can't wait for her to cut my hair next.
5	I noticed there were not many reviews from guys on The Root's Yelp, so I thought I would make a contribution.I love all the girls at the root, they all frequent my work place for cocktails after their long days standing in heels and looking great doing it.  BUT, when it comes to getting my haircut, my loyalty lies with Roxy (bless her heart).  Her precision is impeccable, her stylization is exquisite and her ineffable skill is effortless and evident only to the trained eye.  Every time I go to The Root, I am reminded somehow of Edward Scissorhands.  I enter the salon a wild untamed mess, void of form.  In no time at all, I am miraculously transformed into a dazzling work of art. Kudos to you Roxy!They can do it all at The Root.  Look no further.
1	What a total disappointment!  I am a native Phoenix woman.  Raised 12 steps from Root salon.  My family still lives in the same house they bought over 60 years ago.  So, when I relocated to Phx I was over joyed to learn of a salon with a reputed good reputation right in my neighborhood.  I walked in thinking the Salon was an Aveda salon.  I was wrong.  No problem.  I read all the reviews the night before I entered the salon.  Everyone is seemingly happy (okay almost everyone) about their color and cut results.  I walk in the Salon, no greeting although the woman who is ignoring me I learn later is the owner.  I inquire about the Aveda confusion.  She is clearly irritated.  How did you get that idea? she wants to know.  Well, I ask what color products do you use?  Now she is barely able to contain that I am on her last nerve.  "An Italian Brand, and I am the western Educator...."  So, I'm wondering, why are you so angry? Educate already!  No way!  I ask her about a referral to an Aveda salon.  She looks over her shoulder and asks a woman who is not at all annoyed.  I get the referrral, but I already know of the salon as I read their reviews last night too.  I ask if I could use the phone book.  Lauren looks up the address and phone number, and hands me the small piece of paper.  Somewhere in the conversation I mention that I read all of the reviews on her salon the night before.  She quickly tells me that she is going to get a new review today.  Well, Lauren, you're right.  This is your new review.  MY experience is that you lost a potential very good customer.  I get my hair cut and colored every 5 weeks.  I am loyal, and I understand what it is to run a business.  I ran my own business for well over a decade.  MY impression is that you have a particular mind-set about who your customer base is.  So ladies, if you  are anywhere past mid-forties, I would stay away!  I honestly believe that Lauren could have, and should have taken 5 minutes to compare and contrast her product with Aveda.  Of course there is the possibility that in this economy Lauren is doing so well, that she can afford to cater to a certain age/genre.  Good luck with that!  Here's what is really depressing:  I have 5 sisters, a million extended family members, and tons of friends.  We all live in the neighborhood.  Root lost not just me, but a potential host of family and friends.  In summary Lauren here is what I want you to know.  That space you occupy may be your business space, but that is my home space.  I took ballet lessons as a young girl three doors down from you.  I have family that own businesses steps from you.   I'm hurt, shocked, and totally disappointed at your attitude.  I have seen people come and go from that complex.  Your attitude matters.  I may not look like the customer you want to cater to, but I will not be treated with such disrespect and sit silent so that someone else might experience that same kind of treatment.  In my opinion you are going to need to require way more of yourself!
4	So I've always been a supercuts kind of guy. I wait almost two months until my hair is so shaggy that friends and coworkers start complaining, then go in and get it shaved off. But I won a free haircut here in a raffle, and since I'm trying to take my appearance more seriously now that I'm successfully losing weight, I was happy for the chance to shake up the routine.I left my cut pretty much in the hands of my stylist, and she convinced my to leave some length and use a technique that has a lot of diagonal cuts. I wasn't sure about it at first, but she was totally right, it's a versatile cut, and I'm finding that it still looks great even when it's messed up.I look forward to going back, it's totally worth it even when I have to start paying $25 a whack to go in. I'm even considering getting some highlights done next time.
5	Best Color!  Best Cut!  Best Salon!I have been a loyal customer of Lauren's for many years and I always leave the salon with a great cut and superb color.  Even when I lived at the Grand Canyon, I would time my trips back to the valley around my hair appointments.  Many, many years ago I used to go to whatever salon was handy until I went to Lauren.  Until then I had never had a colorist that listened to what I wanted and then gave me expert advice about how to keep my hair at it's healthiest.I look forward to my visits because I know I will leave looking and feeling better.  The atmosphere in the salon is professional but very wecoming.  The staff and stylists go out of their way to make you feel comfortable.I recommend the Root to all my friends because it "all starts at the Root"!  and for me it ends at the Root.
5	Just an update on The Root.  Been a client of Emily Claire's for 6+ months now and just love her and The Root!My hair is consistently fabulous, healthy, and shiny.If you want great hair, go see Emily Claire!  (um, cheesy rhyme that I didn't mean to make...)
5	I work around the corner from this salon, and I am so happy I decided to stop in one day. This area is full of small gems, local businesses that deserve a chance!I stopped in to get a quick trim and was surprised by the price and service! Most of the time when you enter a salon, they try to sell you on products and the ritzy atmosphere; not this place. I walked in with ease, sat down and waited for my appointment. I felt a little guilty that I was sweaty from the gym, but again I felt right at home! Roxanne was my stylist and she did a fantastic job with my hair, layers around the face and a quick trim. She styled my hair great too! The price was super reasonable and she was really nice. I would recommend this place to anyone, as it is my new salon.Found out my friend booked at the same place next week, thanks to the great reviews on Yelp. Just wanted to leave my mark. If you want great service and haircut, stop in at the Root.
1	Sooo I had my hair done here about 2 weeks ago. And I really wanted to like this place.... Unfortunately, not the case. I don't feel like cutting off maybe 2 inches of my hair and getting it dyed (yes no highlights, even though I was charged for them) should've taken 3.5 hours, where I may have gotten one of the worst cuts and most definitely worst color. I also don't feel it is appropriate to charge professional pricing when I got a best, someone with student skills. And what is the point in making an appt when they don't start for another 30+ minutes. Lastly, if you make an effort to advertise a special for yelpers, and you know I am a yelper, I mean we even talk about reviews, at least offer it to me. Not that I would've stayed there a second longer, but nonetheless, they could've offered. Sorry to say that the whole experience was bad, from walking in the door to jumping out of the chair almost 4 hours later.
5	I have been going to Roxanne for almost 5 years now.  I get SO MANY compliments on my HAIR!  And, I DO NOT have great hair...I have Roxanne!
5	I saw the same stylist for 6 years.  So needless to say I was nervous to go somewhere new. BUT, I saw Roxanne Montiel at The Root and was more than satisfied.  I washed my hair since and it still looks shiny! Love it!
5	Loved the root...way to go yelpers your suggestions proved to be true!  ;) Emily B was the bomb, as she said "I was born to foil" and my hair turned out great, loved the entire experience.  I never make follow up appointments when leaving the salon-so much committment-but I have one with Ms. Emily in October!!  Pricing was totally spot on and worth every penny....she also went through and explained what she was doing with my hair in between our little chit chat session which was really cool too!  (I've always wondered what and why they are doing what they do!)  Thanks Emily... see you in October!!!
5	I just moved to Phoenix a couple of months ago and was in need of a new salon.  I asked around at work for recommendations, but I didn't want to believe that a great cut and highlights could be found only in Scottsdale and/or at a big, expensive salon/spa.  So instead I consulted Yelp and decided to give The Root a try.  It did not disappoint!  Here's why The Root gets 5 stars:* Easy to schedule (and reschedule...twice) - my calls were returned promptly and the people I spoke with were friendly and accommodating.  Emily B. even agreed to double-book just so I could get in on the day I needed.* Stylish / modern salon and staff...but not snobby and overwhelming* Emily B. is enthusiastic about her clients and her work - she immediately put me at ease as we talked through what I wanted, and she said "You're in the right chair!"  She "loves to foil" and sees her finished product as a "work of art".  She also has an overall refreshing, positive attitude.  * Emily B. is highly skilled, professional, and thorough - she explained what she was doing, why she was using specific techniques, and what does/doesn't work for my hair type. * Price is very reasonableIn the end, Emily B. did an awesome job and I got exactly what I wanted in the cut/highlights!  And the location and price is a huge bonus!
5	I decided to check this place out 3 years ago and I have never strayed. Roxanne has been styling and coloring my hair for years. She is the kind of person you can say, "I want a change, do whatever" and it will look fabulous. I have had many styles and all have been terrific. Every time I get a new look I receive major compliments followed by "who does your hair?" So much so that I now have to keep her business cards handy. She's pretty busy so book ahead of time, but its worth the wait!
5	I just had a haircut done by Roxanne at The Root today. First of all the salon is really clean and pretty. Very beautifully decorated. As soon as I walked in the door I was offered a drink of water or soda and also offered the use of one of those coffee machines. I sat around waiting and the appointment did start about 15-20 minutes after my appointment time but I was hanging with my mom and there were plenty of magazines (plus cookies and water/soda) so no problem.Then Roxanne came over and introduced herself. We talked about how I wanted my hair as she gently combed it out and she even pulled out a comb to measure how much I wanted cut off which was really awesome since I always worry they will cut too much. She was charming and chatty throughout the haircut and it was really fun to talk to her and hear her tips. The result: I absolutely love my haircut. She listened really well to what I was asking for and gave me exactly what I had in mind. I will most definitely be coming back for my haircuts in the future. Thanks Roxanne!!!
4	I Love this place, I got what I asked for with some professional finesse my hair is what I wanted. Lots of compliments too which is nice.
5	I went in to get a correction done from an absolutely atrocious job done by another salon.  Not only were they incredibly friendly on the phone, but they got me right in. I was booked with the owner, Lauren. She took one look at my hair, called the other salon to see what they used and then did  test strands.My collar bone is broken and they were incredibly nice about shampooing it and making me feel comfortable. I told her and her assistant, Mindy, that I had originally asked for something I could do with one hand at the other salon and it didn't work. They collaborated and gave me the PERFECT style for my limited mobility!  I was there for three hours and the time flew, the staff was professional, courteous, and fun.I left with a huge smile and even better hair!  I NEVER book in advance and as I was leaving I made sure to get my appointment booked for as soon as I could come in again.  For great hair and an even better experience, definitely go to this salon!
5	I Love this place its a gem in the desert. The staff are so friendly, funny and kind and helpful, I've been twice now and both times have been great. The person who did my hair was Emily B. shes a magic worker, not that my hair was bad bad but it wasn't cut correctly ( and i gave myself bangs) and she did her thing she knew what she was talking about and now it looks great. i highly recommend this salonits clean simple elegant and beautifulyeah emily B!!
5	Yay!  After reading what feels like a bajillion reviews of different salons in my area I finally found my new stylist!  Emily Claire at The Root was amazing!  She did everything that I asked to perfection!  She did the perfect combo to lighten up my hair underneath and darken my hair around my crown.  She blended it flawlessly!  She made absolutely sure that I was happy with the work that she did and she was definitely awesome!  As far as price- totally fair.  My old salon would charge me around $140 just to do a partial highlight and a cut.  I was only charged $95 for all over highlights, cut and style :)  And I have THICK hair!  With the lower prices I'll be able to go more frequently- and I intend to!On top of everything, the salon is open on Mondays!  So rare in the salon world but it makes scheduling an appointment so much easier!  Am I using too many exclamations?  Just wanna make sure my point comes across....To sum up: ! + ! + ! + ! + ! = :)
5	I started going the salon as a result of Yelp and it's a Yelp success story in my opinion!  The Root has a modern and friendly environment and is a well-run salon.  The stylists take their jobs seriously and genuinely care about making their clients look their best!  They also work really well together.I was very hesitant about coloring my greys, concerned about my hair losing its natural shine until Emily Claire explained the coloring process and the the fact that she was going to use color without ammonia.   I took a chance, my hair looked great and I was thrilled with the results.  Earlier this year, I was going back home and needed to get my hair done urgently.  Emily Claire was on vacation so I scheduled my appointment with Emily B.  Emily Claire left all my specific information on their database so Emily B., knew exactly where to pick up and did a great job!  The Emilys rock!I drive 30 miles to get to The Root and it's worth every mile!
5	I am so happy that I finally went to The Root for a haircut! I've been back several times and extremely happy with Lauren! She does an excellent job at cutting my hair (I don't color yet, but will go to her for that as well!). She consistently cuts my hair with expertise and care, and there is never a hair out of place with a haircut from Lauren! I wear a "bob" haircut, and several salons have managed to really screw up the cut....NOT Lauren! She cuts it perfectly every time, and is a true master  (she also cuts many of my co-workers hair and they have perfect haircuts as well). The salon itself is small, unpretentious and very welcoming. I love the fact that hair is all they do, and they do it very well. In addition, everything is clean and fresh and a very comfortable place to be. I would highly recommend this salon, and especially Lauren, to anyone wanting a GREAT haircut!
5	Ever since a traumatic hair cutting experience at an Ulta salon several years ago (can you say mushroom head), I've been very apprehensive about trying a new stylist. I used to go to very expensive salons; Carsten's, Steven Paul and Sachi. My hairstylist had not been doing such a great job, so I referred to Yelp to search for a new one. The Root had come up with great reviews, so I decided to give it a try. I came in wanting to make a somewhat drastic change going from blond to dark red. Emily Claire gave me exactly what I asked for, which to me is what makes a great stylist. The salon is clean, modern and they offer good wine! I'm so glad I've found a stylist that is consistent and the prices are reasonable. I have recommended this salon to a few friends, who have now started getting their hair done at The Root too.
5	My experience today at The Root was an absolutely amazing one thanks to Emily B.!  After trying out a couple of places here in Phoenix (since I recently moved from Chicago a few months ago), I can definitely say that this was by far the best salon I have been to yet.  Not only was she meticulous, knowledgeable, and friendly, but she went above and beyond by making me feel comfortable and gave wonderful suggestions.I went in for a full foil highlight, haircut, and eyebrow wax and she did an awesome job with all three.  She listened intently to what I desired, as well as my concerns and addressed them all with expertise, understanding, and great consideration.  It's been quite a while since I had such a positive overall experience at a salon and I cannot wait to go back!
5	Today I went back to The Root for my THIRD, yes I said THIRD, scheduled appointment. They always remember me and I feel so comfortable that they will do a great job. Once again, I was not disappointed!I came in and it was busy, yet I never wait more than five minutes!  Right away they got me in the chair and began mixing color. Did not even need to ask what I wanted done because they always remember and get it right!  Lauren put the color on and it processed great, and then I got my regular treatment.  She styled it and made sure I was pleased with my results.Of course I'm pleased! I'm always thrilled when I leave. I seriously doubt any one of them could do a less than stellar job!  Every single person I see leave also looks happy and I'm always impressed with what they can do, even with my thin, fine hair!I highly recommend The Root to anyone wanting fabulous hair!
5	I really liked this place. Not pushy w/ the sales aspect of things. Very nice artsy little shop with top notch products that are not too pricey. Roxanne is great got a fantastic cut, hand written thank you in the mail and a call on the specifics of how to use the mouse I purchased. Impressive customer service- I will go back again. Victoria
4	Got my first cut today at the Root. Emily was fabulous, friendly, and very professional. The appointment started on time, I was offered soda or water and cookies prior to the cut. I loved the inside decor of the salon The place was very clean and smelled great. I like that I didn't feel pushed or compelled to buy any products, but walked away with Diamante Illuminating Volumizer which was used on my hair to add volume. The cut was exactly what I wanted. I knew my hair was in pretty bad shape, and I really liked the fact that Emily was very positive and very constructive on the type of cut I needed. I am excited to go back in a few months and get my hair colored by Emily.
4	From all the reviews on here I thought this place was going to be a huge saloon, but was pleasantly surprised that it was a smaller Saloon.I got a great haircut for a great price.
5	I am so happy to have found this salon and Emily C.  I moved to AZ from San Francisco a year ago and have had a heck of a time finding a salon that met my, admittedly high, standards.  I actually think I like The Root better than my old SF salon!  I waited to write this until after my third appointment just to make sure the results were consistent.  I've had cuts, color, highlights - the works.  After my appointment last night, where I really wanted to go a different direction with my color and Emily got it JUST RIGHT, I knew it was time for a five star thumbs up.  You can't beat the prices - my color, cut, great blow out, brow wax and conditioning treatment were only $100.  It all begins at The Root!
5	I LOVE this place. The salon has a wonderful, trendy and comfortable atmosphere. Everyone that works there is super friendly, and they will always offer you water and there is always a tray of cookies out! Never again will I let anyone except Emily Claire touch my hair. I moved to San Diego and I come back to Phoenix to get my hair done! She is the best there is. When I came to her my hair was absolutely fried. The last place I was going was using way too much bleach and literally half of my highlighted hair had fallen out last time I had it done. I was in tears and thought it would take years for my hair to be soft and look nice again. Emily Clair fixed it the first time I went in. I left SO happy and I will always be grateful to her for saving my hair! I've been going to her for a year now and I have never once left unsatisfied. Not only is she an amazing hair stylist but she is AWESOME and we never run out of things to talk about.Love love love her and love love love the salon. You really cannot go wrong if you go to The Root. My mom and sister both go there and have other people do their hair and they are just as happy as I am. I just can't say enough good things about this place. If your hair is fragile and thin (like mine), this is the place you should go. I had brown hair and the place I went before made my hair tangly and coarse, and when I switched, I stayed blonde, but now it's a prettier more dynamic color that I get complements on it all the time. Plus it's just as soft as my hair was before I started dying it (they do this conditioning treatment that is like magic). Plus their prices are awesome, I've been to places before that charge way more and aren't half as good. Five stars is not even enough. I'd give them 10 if I could.
5	Yesterday I went in for another visit with Emily B. for a color, cut, and style.  I came in last week for an eyebrow wax and consultation since I wanted to transition from highlights to ombre hair.  She was patient and real with me, which I always can appreciate.  I loved how Emily explained the process she'd go through in layman's terms so I would understand what was going on.The way she worked with my hair and foiled was like a dance.  Her methods were effective and she has great instincts.  If you want an honest opinion from someone who will not misdirect you, ask Emily B. - she is tactful and yet direct.I love the results of my hair - it's amazing how a wonderful color and cut can make you feel so good afterwards.  Every time I walk away from the Root, I feel as though I've learned something new about my hair.  She is friendly, knowledgeable, and has a very pleasant personality and is easy to talk to.  Emily has great attention to detail and is willing and eager to provide anyone with top quality service!
5	Tried out "The Root" this week after loyally going to the same stylist for 7 years. I was a little nervous about switching over, but it was time for a change and I'm so glad I took the plunge! I had no idea what I was missing with my old salon - you mean I call and leave a voicemail for an appointment and someone actually calls me back?? What a concept! You mean, I show up for a scheduled appointment and the salon is actually open? Amazing! They were warm and welcoming as soon as I walked in the door, offering water, soda, beer, wine, cookies...it was great! Then, Emily Claire checked out my 'do. She listened to what I wanted and offered her expert opinion from there. Then, it was time to sit under the dryer while the dye worked its magic. At my old salon, I was kind of left to fend for myself, having no idea how long I'd be sitting under the dryer, what was going on, etc...and it sucked. Totally different experience here. Emily Claire checked on me every so often, told me how long I'd be sitting there and offered me everything I'd need. Long story short: cut is excellent, color is excellent, service was excellent, price was excellent - cut, color, shine treatment, and style for $80??? Yes, please.
5	I love Emily B!!! She is the best! All this years, I have been going from salon to salon trying to find sombody that does my hair the way I like it...well my quest is over, Emily B. gave ME the best color and cut that I had in a long time...I received so many compliments from my friends and coworkers, when before nobody never noticed befre that I even do something to my hair.. I WILL GO BACK AGAIN AND AGAIN!!! Oh, and the price is great, I could not ask for more!
4	Went for a cut with Emily B. after having a less than satisfactory cut with another salon. After seeing all of the 5 star reviews on yelp, I felt like the drive to The Root was worth a try.I must make the disclaimer that I am notoriously picky about my haircut, and I am usually instructive about what I want. This hair has been on my head for three decades. I know what works and have experienced what doesn't. I have super-fine hair - and LOTS of it - and it is straight without a lot of body. A stylist must know hot to cut Asian hair and be cognizant of my round face for the style to hang right and to grow out well.First, I must say the friendliness of the staff at The Root is EXCEPTIONAL.  From the first phone call to make the appointment, to the greeting at the door, to the regard during the cut, every person I interacted with here was pleasant, professional, and engaging. GREAT customer service! Obviously, these stylists know how to treat their clients.Unfortunately, I do have a few cons. After spending a few months with a  digiperm, I decided to go back to a longish A-line bob. Emily had not heard of a digital perm, and I should have taken into consideration that she probably wouldn't know how to accommodate the perm as it grew out. Also, I brought in a lot of photos of what my hair had looked like short, what I liked and didn't like, and how my prior stylist had cut my hair to make the style work (very few top layers, internal transient layers, and a lot of deep point-cutting). I could tell right away that Emily already knew what she wanted to do and had already decided how she would cut my hair.  I'm not sure she really listened to what I wanted. The cut itself was just okay.  This is partially my fault for not being more directive during the appointment - Emily was so nice I didn't want to say anything! However, when I left, I knew the cut was too heavy, not texturized enough, and would not hold its shape after shampooing. The next day, the cut felt shapeless after being washed. BOTTOM LINE:  I would go back, but not for a style change and I would be a lot more demanding when I started to feel like the cut wasn't what I expected.  If you don't like a lot of texturizing and are looking for a basic shape, then Emily did an amazing job!  I think I just had different expectations and needs for my style.
5	Emily B just gave me the best haircut I have ever had! It is so awesome! In the time it took me to get from the salon to my house, three strangers stopped me to compliment me on my hair. She managed to keep the length while adding shape, bounce, volume and curl back in. And the color, oh my god the color! She gave me a rich, dark true red. Not an brown red or a copper red, just a super dark true red red. It is SO pretty! My hair feels healthy, light, soft and shiny. Amazing haircut! I am so excited that it turned out this awesome because I was very nervous about switching stylists. I was so nervous that I actually cancelled and rescheduled twice before finally going in! Now I'm a convert and I have an appointment for 6 weeks from now. Plus the awesomely affordable prices allow me to pay for upkeep on my hair. Normally it's so expensive to cut and color my super long, super thick hair that I can only afford to go once or twice a year. I'm really excited at the thought of having nice hair for more than six weeks. I wish I could embed a picture in this review so you all could see what I'm talking about. I can't stop looking at it in the mirror. I'm in love! Thank you, Emily!
5	I LOVE this place!!! I moved to AZ about 6 years ago and up until about a year ago I bounced from salon to salon trying to find a place that knew how to cut thick hair. Well...I finally found it.  Emily C is the best! She has a great personality and always cuts exactly how I ask.  The place is small and has great decor with local artists' art on the walls. Before finding this place I just tolerated my hair, but now I actually enjoy the pain of maintaining thick hair!! I have nothing but great things to say about this place!
5	Amazing experience! Emily B was awesome! She took the time to listen to my hair 'needs' and communicated with me while she was cutting my hair, making sure it was okay to go a little shorter in the back and she explained exactly what she was doing. Her advice was thoughtful and the results were exactly what I wanted. My hair has never looked shinier and healthier, i look forward to coming back!
5	I had to make a last minute appointment because I could not STAND the state of my hair.  After some searching on Yelp, I found this salon, and to my surprise, they were actually able to get me in the SAME afternoon.  Mega extra special bonus points, right there.When I arrived at the salon, I was offered an array of beverages, and though I did not partake, there were DEFINITELY cookies-an assortment of them- for the taking.  Mindy took me back to her station, and the greatness began!She talked be through what I did/didn't like about my color, then we discussed some options about bangs.  She was quick but precise; the color turned out fantastic.  I had no icky smell or texture (due to leftover color) that I sometimes had when I went elsewhere... and it was totally natural, no one knew!) I also had my eyebrows done and they turned out wonderfully :)Last came the bangs: I am a little weary of going too short with them, but Mindy patiently went shorter, cm by cm, until I was happy.  And they look SO GOOD.  Best of all, they offer free bang trims, which is super nice.Overall, this place was fantastic,  Warm and friendly staff, great location, fantastic service.  OH, and did I mention the prices were really reasonable??  This place has it all.  I will definitely be back!
5	I went to The Root today for a cut and colour and am beyond thrilled with the results! I am visiting from Vancouver Canada and was in real need of a cut for the Arizona heat and found them through this site. I had Emily C work with me. I told her a basic idea of what I wanted and asked for her opinion and she nailed it. I have had some horrible experiences with past stylists and she put me right at ease. I was impressed with the way she handled my hair while consulting and how she was confidant in her cutting and colouring skills. I felt completely at ease. The neck and scalp massage were wonderful!!!! While I have to go back home I will be coming back to Emily C when we return. I guess I have to get the hubby to take more vacations :). Emily C, if you read this I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for your excellent work and I will be back to see you. Thanks for the AZ tips too ;)Michelle From Vancouver Canada
4	I am only giving 4 stars out of respect for my Mother.  I've been to see Roxanne twice and both times I've gotten 5 star treatment.  She is an excellent stylist and has done wonders with my somewhat unmanageable hair.  When my mother was visiting I made an appointment for a wash and style.  Unfortunately for her, she has extremely thin, fine hair.  The stylist (I do not remember who worked on her) did her best but Mom wasn't very clear on exactly what she needed.  Which was old fashioned treatment for her problem, small curls and lots of teasing.  The salon did not have the extremely small curling iron needed to get the proper results.  By the time we got home her hair was flat and lifeless and I had to deal with a miserable septuagenarian.   That did not prevent me from going back to Roxanne for another cut and style.  She is personable and extremely skilled at what she does.  I have honestly never had anyone cut my hair as well as she does.  The salon itself is bright, welcoming and easy to find.  Parking is a bit tight but I've never had a problem finding a spot.  If you are unhappy with your current stylist go see Roxanne, she'll take great care of you!
5	I got an e-mail from Lauren not long after I posted my review.  She graciously offered to credit my account for the cost of my Mom's style.  This is what great customer service looks like and this is the way to run a business.  Go above and beyond your customers expectations and they will not only keep coming back but tell anyone and everyone they know what a great place it is to patronize.Lauren, thank you again.  I called my Mom and she was quite impressed.  (Not really an easy thing to do!) I'll be back in to see Roxanne before the end of the summer.
5	I have to comment on another stellar experience with Emily C! I went in for a "touch up" with my colour and a bit of a trim before heading home. Again I can not speak any more highly of Emily and the salon in general. There customer service is the tops and more importantly the quality of there work is awesome! I plan on returning for my next colour and cut and of course I will be booking Emily C. Since being back home I have never received so many compliments on my hair and how natural the colour looks. Most thought it was the Arizona sun that did it. Shhhhh I wont tell ;)Emily I look forward to my next appointment. I may even be bringing another new client (my mom).
5	I have searched long and hard for a good salon in Arizona. I told Jenn that I wanted (to go from a deep brunette to blonde) and she delivered. She took her time to make sure that she had a firm grip on what I wanted, and she took her time during the appointment to make sure it was perfect. My hair looks amazing and my friends and co-workers love it. I will deffinately be back!
5	So, I never Yelp. In fact, I'm not sure I have ever written a review of any kind. However, after Emily B saved the day I had to. I emailed The Root after reading about them on Yelp and received a call back right away to schedule a consultation. They were able to book my appointment for two days later, after Emily volunteered to come in early for me. I was already impressed, but after arriving to my appointment I was greeted by a friendly, welcoming staff, offered a drink and felt right at home. Emily knew exactly what I was looking for and was able to salvage a not-so-hot haircut I had received a week before at a different salon. She totally understood my vision and we had a great color consultation - which I was really nervous about before talking with her. I am definitely going to book with her again - and soon! I love my new cut and am happy to say I have definitely found the right place/stylist to make my hair look awesome. Would recommend Emily B to anyone, but all of the other stylist were super friendly too and seem to have a very loyal following!
5	Went back yet again for another touch up for my "ombre" fade from my natural (black) to light brown.  This time I was unable to book my appointment with Emily B. so instead she suggested I go with Roxanne.Roxy was amazing! She did a wonderful job weaving the ombre into my hair that had already been treated to daken back to my original color (due to previously having highlights). She gently handled my hair professionally and perfectly.  Emily B. was able to complete the look with a face flattering cut (as per usual) and I am extremely appreciative.  These ladies know their stuff, execute it well, are friendly, considerate of their customers' needs/wants, and have wonderful personalities too! Thanks again to The Root for another awesome job and great service! :)
5	OMG!!!  I totally went to The Root the other day to get my haircut by this HUNK named Eric.  At first I was like "No WAY is this character going to give my hair the attention it deserves.." Boy was I wrong! Let me tell you, Eric ROCKED my world in that salon chair!!! WHEW!  Im still sweating! I highly recommend Eric to all you ladies out there who want a whole lot of passion to go along with your haircut!  I almost fainted....TWICE!
5	Ok, I've gone here for the better part of 2 and a half years, and I wish that I had gone here exclusively for that time.Lauren cut and styled my hair today, and it is absolutely perfect!She had to "clean up" another one of my "let's try this salon" messes, and although my hair is short (enroute to a straight bob cut) she cut every strand of hair with PERFECTION!I "flipped" my hair in the car after my appointment, and EVERY HAIR LAYED PERFECTLY! Woo hoo! There is no place like The Root, and no one compares to Lauren when it comes to haircuts! Plus, the salon is fresh and classy, yet unpretentious and warm. I LOVE this place!
5	I used to be super lazy about getting my hair cut, but now that I see Roxanne at The Root, I've become a regular.  I've tried a ton of different salons and stylists in the seven years I've lived in Phoenix, but no one has cut my straight hair like Roxanne.  I'm a professional, and I like that she gives me a "normal" hair cut that is still fun and flattering.  I have stick straight hair, and she cuts it so it has body and movement.  The salon itself is very chic inside, but also warm.  Everyone I've interacted with at the salon has been professional and friendly, and everyone I've seen getting their hair cut or colored has walked away from the hair looking amazing.  I think this is one of the best salons in the entire Valley, and their prices are incredibly reasonable.  I've paid way more at "name" salons for really inferior cuts.  I can't say enough good things about Roxanne and The Root.  They can count me as a loyal client.
5	My Mom has been going to Lauren for a lil while now and I tried her out last month.  I LOVE the job that she did.  I go for a super natural (lots of foils) golden blond look and she knocked it out of the park.  She also has a great understanding of the science behind coloring, which makes me feel incredibly confident in her technique.
4	I am always looking for that salon and stylist I enjoy and can give me a cut that doesn't leave me bummed out the next day. With the many great reviews and the offer of a "Yelp Special" which included a scalp massage, shine treatment, a brow clean up and a haircut, it didn't take much convincing. I called and made an appointment and Roxanne was available when I wanted to go. Roxanne was very friendly and professional. As were the rest of the stylists I encountered. I was offered a beverage upon entering the salon and requested a nice cold bottle of water. The salon is small but suits their needs. I also enjoyed the art on the walls. While getting shampooed and the shine treatment done, she waxed, tweezed and balanced out what could become a uni brow if not tended regularly. I left a few pounds lighter (yeah I have a lot of hair) and with wonderfully smooth, shiny hair. I rarely give 5 stars on a first visit but if my next appointment was as good as my first I am sure they will earn that 5th star.
4	I have thick, curly hair, and have had a very difficult time finding someone who can cut and style it well.  For years, I've been going back to my stylist in Tucson because no one else has been able to compare... until Jen.I first saw Jen at another salon, after which she moved to The Root. Great location, amazing decor and extremely friendly (and skilled) staff.  I've only been in to see Jen and she has done a fantastic job working with me to figure out my hair and how best to cut it. Not only is she (and the salon) great, a cut is only $45. Oh, and they have awesome jewelry for sale too. You can't go wrong here...
5	I just went to see Emily Claire this past week.  I've been struggling with my color lately and with getting a good cut for my naturally wavy/curly hair.  She was very knowledgeable and super friendly/easy going.  The salon is clean and well maintained and the prices are great!  I'm so happy to finally have found a salon/stylist that offers top notch service at a reasonable price.  I'm very pleased with my color (and our maintenance plan) and I can say that Emily Claire gave me the best haircut I've had since I've been living here in Phoenix (almost 5 years now, and all the while going to very high end salons).
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers!!!!  I found this salon after doing a search on this site.  After reading the stellar reviews, I decided to give The Root a shot with my cut/color.  I had learned about a new technique the stars are doing called "ombre" and was nervous about trying it, let alone with an unfamiliar stylist!  I'm glad to report that Roxie did an AMAZING job on my hair!  (see profile pic).  The color looks amazing, I received the wax, scalp massage, and shine treatment as a Yelp perq, and she even took the time to blow out my thick mane :)  All this for only $150!!!!  (of course I tipped well too :)  Needless to say, I've found my new salon and stylist.  I HIGHLY recommend to anyone looking to try something new or see what they're missing in their hair care.
5	I no longer look like a raccoon!  Emily B. is simply fantastic.  Love my color and cut.  Plus, everyone is so incredibly nice.  Can not stress how great this place is!
5	Roxanne is a miracle worker! My review is a little delayed, I came to her about 3 weeks ago to get my hair cut.  Not only did she give me a great cut that helped my hair become much softer and healthier - but she styled it amazingly! I have curly hair and have literally NEVER left a salon happy with how they styled it when it is curly and she did wonders! I recommend the salon, and especially Roxanne.  Very conversational, relaxing, nice and listens to you (which is a huge asset in a hair dresser).  Love this place, more than 5 stars worth! Sad to be moving and have to find a new salon
5	I love this Salon. I moved to Phoenix almost 2years ago but I'm having hard time to look for a perfect Stylist just the one that I have in LA. I have super thick & long hair, but Emily Claire manage it perfectly just the way I wanted to be. Last summer I decided to lighten up my hair & she really did a great job. I can't wait for my next appointment to change my hair color.
4	Ive been here a couple times and saw Jen. I'm pretty bummed she isn't there anymore. She cut and styled my thick mufasa hair beautifully. Aside from her not being there anymore, my husband gets his haircut here and really likes it.
4	Found this salon on Yelp and I was NOT disappointed.  Reviews are true!  Nice, small, simple shop with a pleasant staff that knows what they are doing!   I have very rarely (if ever) been happy with any haircut I've received, including from top hair designers at local high end salons.  I have very fine hair so there isn't a lot to work with.   I have always figured you get what you pay for and I wanted the best haircut.  Boy, have I been wrong!   The Root is proof that you can have a positive experience, a great cut and not have buyer's remorse after paying the bill.  So pleasantly surprised.  I felt comfortable going in for the first time.  Eric, my stylist, was very friendly and easy going.  He did not make me feel embarrassed for the condition of my hair but offered 'real' suggestions on how to treat my hair better!  No pretense or pressure...just knowledgeable and friendly.  So refreshing!   It has been 8 weeks since my last cut and I have just scheduled my next hair appt. with Eric.  This time I'm going to let him do my color!   My salon color experiences have been far worse than my cutting experiences so stay tuned!
5	Saw Eric..did a great job cutting my hair. The way he cut it made my thin hair look so much fuller-thicker. Thanks Eric. I will be back
5	Everyone there is great!! My hair has never been better!!!
5	It's been about a year since my last review and thought I would check in. I just got my hair cut today and have been going for almost two years consistently every 6 to 8 weeks and I'm still very happy. I haven't had a bad experience yet! Emily Claire is the best!
5	I got into The Root again today and again was greatly pleased with Emily B and the care she provides.  I look forward to my time at The Root and getting to see and talk to everyone.  Everyone ranks high professionally and the shop is so clean and modern.  I especially enjoy the coffee service and the attention I get from Emily B.  She offers great recommendations and takes her time with me. I have been going to the root for four years now and have NEVER been disappointed!!
5	I have been going to The Root for five years-- it's small, it's friendly, and it's chic. The stylists know your name, the turnover rate is low (even when it comes to receptionists--impressive), and although it has upscale quality, the prices are absolutely manageable. My stylist is Roxanne, and she is not only one of my favorite people, but also a genius at cutting hair. I have referred over five people to her in the past few years and they have always come away ecstatic with the results. I usually walk in, grab a magazine, a glass of wine, sit back and let their delightful-smelling Alfaparf products and gorgeous local artwork on the walls take me to a relaxing place where I am never worried that I won't like the results. What a relief.
3	I got a hair cut and loved it, however, I was not crazy about the salon. A little too modern for me.Seems like a good place if you like trendy hair cuts and color.
4	Being knew to the area, I had no idea where to get my hurr did. Found this place based on Yelp reviews, and I was pleasantly surprised! Eric T. was my stylist, and he did a great job at listening to what I wanted. I brought a picture, and told him I wanted that but just a bit longer. I went from long hair to a bit above shoulder length bob. I am very happy with the results, and would definitely recommend this place! I would go again, even though it is a bit of a drive for me (by PHX standards, anyways).
4	I've been in Phoenix for 3 years and haven't found a stylist until now. Thanks to Emily B. for the wonderful haircut and color. I don't really fuss about my hair very much but I do get nervous when I go to someone new. Emily put me at eased. She was uber friendly and listened to what I wanted and made great suggestions. She even explained what to expect in the future. Thanks Yelpers for the reviews.
4	This is a great salon and I will definitely be going back for my next haircut.  The salon is clean, stylish, and there appears to be a great synergy among a very professional staff. Both times I went in I was greeted promptly and with a smile. They have cookies and offer something to drink right away, which I think is classy.  My stylist, Eric, talked to me about the products he was using as he was doing my hair, which I loved!  So many stylists miss out on add-on sales because they don't sell the products they are using, but how are you going to get "salon-like" results at home if the stylists don't tell you what they are using on your hair?  Also, like just about everyone I know, if I get a haircut and I am not crazy about it, I think that if I tell my stylist, he or she is going to act all offended.  This is NOT the case at The Root Salon. My stylist, Eric, was respectful, calm, and really showed me that he wanted me to be happy with my cut. I am picky, even though I told him I'm not, and he never once made me feel like I was being unreasonable.  I felt like I was in a much more expensive salon. Great value, great people.
5	I love going to the root salon!  My cut and color is always exactly how I asked for it.  I love the atmosphere and staff.  Always friendly and willing to help!  The prices are fair, but seem like more of a deal based on the wonderful result.  I see Eric T. who is absolutely wonderful.  I have and will recommend this salon again and again!
2	I have been to this salon a few times. My stylist is very nice. The problem I have is the owner ,Lauren is extremely rude. She gives everyone dirty looks and will not even say hello. I find this very unprofessional, especially since she is the owner, bad for business. I don't know that I will continue to go there.
5	I've been researching salons in Central Phoenix for a couple of weeks.  I figured I might have to check out a couple of salons before I found the one that offered a great cut without breaking the bank....I lucked out on the first try!  Not only did I love my cut but I was warmly greeted and offered a refreshment  (a glass of wine)...who can beat that! :)My stylist was Eric T.  I went in on Saturday afternoon to freshen up my long straight hair with some bangs.  Eric listened to what I was looking for and started off cutting them a little longer so that I could play with them over the weekend and see if I wanted to go shorter.  Previously when I had bangs cut, the stylist would cut them too short...so they'd finally start to look like what I wanted 1-2 weeks later.  At The Root, they offer free bang trims (AWESOME) so he was able to squeeze me in on Monday for a quick trim up!  I LOVE them!  Not only am I happy with my new bangs, but I sent my hubby in the next day and he came out looking SHARP!  Before he'd go to the barber shop where he'd come home with a buzz cut.  Eric took his time, styled his hair and he looked like a million bucks....without braking the bank!We're very happy with The Root (and Eric) and will be visiting again very soon!
1	I read the optimistic Yelp reviews back in January 2012 and I booked my first cut/color with Emily Claire.  It's August now and I've been in 8 times.  Each experience included good customer service, but color that lacked my liking...... and a couple times the front of my hair and nape of my neck turned BLUE!!  I kept coming back as long as I have due to the customer service.  However, at this point, I'm exhausted and DONE with being a lab rat for them.  I'm moving to another stylist.  If you have blonde hair- be VERY careful!
5	I get my hair cut here by Eric Tuvali about once a month. Since I have started coming to the Root I have had countless compliments. This salon should have nothing but 5 star reviews. The owner is joy to talk with. The salon is gorgeous on the inside. They offer an assortment of beverages while you wait and make it very comfortable to spark up a conversation with the staff or fellow client. I highly recommend The Root Salon and so does the entire city of Phoenix.
5	I have been looking for a "home" for my hair for some time.  I have naturally curly hair and have had many, many, many bad and just as many mediocre haircuts.  Feeling bold, I once again searched the web in an effort to find yet another stylist with a reputation for understanding curly hair, which is how I came to Root Salon and met Roxanne.  So happy to have done so!Roxanne has thoughts about your hair (EXCELLENT) and listens (bonus points).  She also has gorgeous hair herself (extra confidence points).  During my appointment I was a little wiped out and just wanted to sit silently.  Roxanne was fine with my quiet, only interrupting to ask questions as necessary.  I really liked my cut.  I needed one small adjustment after the fact (to manage a straighter section of my hair), which Roxanne corrected...no problemo.Also, I had originally wanted to schedule a cut and color, but the salon was only able to schedule time for a cut.  As luck would have it, Roxanne had a cancellation a few days after my cut and squeezed me in so she could deliver the best highlighting (full) I have ever received.  Roxanne did a beautiful job, integrating the color in a very natural way.Roxanne is a top notch stylist, and excellent with curly hair.  She's communicative and engaged, and I wholeheartedly recommend her.Thank you Roxanne for such a great cut!
4	I'm a fan of the glaze!
5	The Root Salon deserves the almost five star rating they have. The salon itself is awesome! It is modern but I love it, it was so nice and clean too! As soon as a walked in they greeted me and offered me a beverage. I admit I was a little nervous going because I had scheduled a appointment with Eric and I have never had a man cut my hair but I saw all the great reviews on Yelp so I just gave it a shot. I am so glad I did too! Eric was so awesome, he was so nice and personable, he also had great suggestions for my hair . I love my haircut! He did such a great job. I will definitely be back.
4	I thought it was pricey...but the lady that cut my hair listened to what I said and did a decent job.
1	I was extremely disappointed in my experience with The Root Salon. I want to mention that I did NOT end up getting hair cut here because of SEVERAL scheduling issues. So my review is based solely on that. I called to book an appointment with Roxanne after hearing pretty rave reviews. When I called, I was told that it was a long wait to just get my ends trimmed. Totally okay with that. For the time I needed, and day of the week, I was looking at almost a 2 month wait. Right when I was ready to give up, the receptionist told me that she just got an opening for what I thought was Monday June 24th. Monday June 24th rolls around and I make the 45 MINUTE DRIVE over to the salon. I was told that my appointment wasn't on Monday, but on Wednesday the 26th. Apparently, Roxanne doesn't work on Mondays. So I must have written it down in my planner wrong. I said to the receptionist, "So I'm 2 days early?!" And she told me "Yes." Feeling like a complete idiot, I told her that I would see her on Wednesday the 26. We said goodbye, and I left. Finally it's Wednesday and I'm getting my hair cut! Woo! I make the 45 MINUTE FREAKING DRIVE to the salon. I walk in, and this time a man is at the front desk. I tell him my name, and that I have a 6:15 appointment with Roxanne. HE SAYS NOTHING. I say something sarcastically about hoping that I have the right day this time. He asked for my last name, and I start to get worried. PLEASE DO NOT TELL ME I'M NOT ON THE SCHEDULE. I ask him if I have the right day, and he said "No."YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME. I explain what happened, and what was said between me and the receptionist and he just stared at me. I told him over and over that I was clearly told that my appointment was today. I was basically told that I was out of luck, and that my appointment is sometime in freaking July. That is NOT what I was told over the phone, and NOT what I was told in person 2 days before. I asked to be taken out of the books for WHAT EVER appointment they decided to place me in, and stormed out. Twice I drove almost an hour, for days that were confirmed, only to be told that I wasn't there on the right day. I do not get appointments wrong. No one apoligized. I don't think I've ever been so infuriated with a business. I never write bad reviews, but this just needed to be known. Mostly known to The Root Salon. It was bad business. You lost a potential customer and my referrals. I have nothing positive to say about any of it.
4	I've been going to a small, inexpensive salon near my house for convenience sake. I have short hair, which happens to be curly.The last couple of haircuts I haven't been very happy with the shaping of my cut.I decided to try the Root, since it has so many positive reviews.I called with fairly short notice, since I'm going on vacation. The guy I spoke to told me there were no openings, but he'd put me on the cancellation list, which was really nice, since I'm not a client yet. He called me and told me there was an opening later in the week which I jumped on.My appointment was with Alba-who was really sweet and incredibly thorough.I've gotten so used to my fast haircuts, that I was nervous about WHY it was taking so long. She made her recommendations as to how I should grow out the awkward shape of my hair, and what she would do to make it a more feminine pixie than this awkward bowl I've been sporting.She also washed my hair after my cut, to get rid of all those stray hairs. Nice touch.I got a great scalp massage and shine treatment, and I like the extras offered (coffee or tea, as well as cookies)!!It was busy but not crowded and the price was moderate.The salon is very modern and chic without feeling stuffy.I'll need to time my next appointment better so I won't feel the need to rush.
5	I was a little nervous because I just moved out here from CA and didn't have a hairstylist. I found The Root on Yelp and I loved it. It lived up to its high rating. My hair looks amazing and the prices were reasonable. I am a customer for good!
5	Quick note to say after 3 unsuccessful attempts at other salons in Phoenix and Scottsdale to correct a botched color and highlight job, I found The Root Salon and I am SO impressed. Laurie was my stylist and she is super sweet, very warm and extremely skilled at color correction. The process was very long ( 4 hours) but she and the owner spend so much time explaining how my hair had been rather destroyed and what they needed to do to fix the mess. I left the salon with the closest thing to what my hair used to look like than from any other salon in the Valley. I plan to go back for a cut with Laurie and will always stick with her as my stylist and The Root as my salon - they are worth every hour and every penny spent!
1	Not impressed!! Very rude Over the phone when I called in.I went online to check them out. I booked an appt online with the services I wanted done. I get a confirmation email that someone is going to contact me. Someone did, the stylist I requested wasnt avail she said the next slot open would be in 2 weeks. So I said okay and took it the other lines were ringing and she was talking with someone else she asked if she could call me back in 1 min i said sure. Its been 3 days still no call. I was not please at all. I would much rather go to another location with better service even if the pricing is 50$ more and I have to wait, I will take myself somewhere else were they indeed want my service!
4	I just moved to Phoenix and was in desperate need of a haircut.  My last cut was 3 months ago and my ends were dry and starting to split.  After reading some great reviews about The Root Salo on Yelp, I made an appointment through their online booking system.(Kudos to them for having this booking system, which makes everything so much easier to set up.  It helped me make the decision to choose this salon vs. another highly rated salon without an online system.)When I arrived, the guy at the front desk was really nice and offered me a drink.  First time that's happened to me before a haircut.  :)My stylist, Emily B., was really nice and easy to talk to.  She definitely listened to what I wanted and mentioned that I could come in for free for bang trims.  Emily also gave me some tips for styling my hair at home.The price was very reasonable for the great service they provide.  And they accept credit card for tips too.  :)
5	I was new to Phoenix and a friend recommended Eric Tuvale, as a blonde I have a hard time finding people who can give a good color while keeping my hair healthy. Ever since I've gone to him my hair has been in such great hands. I've been going to him for the past year and I will never I anywhere else. He's the best!
5	One of the best things about September was getting to the Root Salon and getting my color and cut from Emily B.  I look forward to my appointment and am so pleased when I leave.  Emily takes great care of my color and always tries new products on my hair.  I suspect I might be able to get color work elsewhere, but I doubt there could be another Emily B in town.  She is personable, always in a good mood and takes the right amount of time with my services.  I look forward to my October visit to Emily and the Root Salon!
5	Big shout out to Emily B!  After my long-time hair gal moved to California, I searched high and low for a new stylist.  After Googling blonde hair experts in Phoenix, I found Emily at TRS.  I tried her out and couldn't be happier!  She offered color alternatives to bleach and my hair is looking and feeling better than ever.  Emily is super sweet and knows exactly what she is doing.  The salon is cozy and swanky.  So thankful to have found a new stylist and salon to call home :)
4	I should have written this back in May when I had my hair done with Roxanne. I booked with Roxanne despite originally going to Eric (great too!) because I am apparently inept at using simple pull-down menus on their wonderful online booking site (no really, their website is truly helpful). But I lucked out, since Roxanne is just as talented! But I digress. She fixed my bleached-blonde crispy-fried and BROKEN hair. Chopped it off, because well..it had been breaking off in chunks anyway, into a cute bob. Dyed it back to my natural color (and here, 6 months later, it still looks just fine. You can't really tell the color is grown out unless you look closely in the sun, she matched the color that well). At any rate, I'm booking a new appt, because well...it's time. And I need to trim off the funky ends. Weee!!!
4	Eric did my cut and color. He did a really nice job. Love that you can book an appointment online. Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I hate when they try to pressure you into buying more products or services.  Also took a really long time. I'm used to being in and out of a salon in 2 hours for a cut and hi lights, was here both times for over 3.
5	This is a great salon. I have a hard time with my color and I am very picky. I see Forest and she has a great amount of experience and has nailed my color. I get compliments all the time. Thanks Forest!
5	Forest is great! She does an amazing job- I'm always happy with my cut/color, she's easy to talk to and her prices are reasonable. The salon is cute and all of the interactions I've had with the staff have been pleasant.
5	Ah, the magic of Emily Claire. I came in with very blonde ends and my roots had grown in drastically. I didnt want the maintenance of blonde anymore and wanted my natural dark blonde back. First of all, Ive asked 3 highly rated stylists to do this and they never got close. Emily C did it in 1 1/2 hours, along with fixing my cut. I highly recommend her and if I didnt have to move to Mississippi, I would be a customer for life. No cheating. Oh and by the way, her prices were so much more reasonable than anything else Ive paid. So happy with it all. Thank you, Emily Claire.
5	I saw Forest and she did a great job styling my thick hair! Would definitely return to her next time I am in Phoenix!
5	The root salon is amazing. The owner Lauren is the most talented and experienced stylist! The entire staff is excellent. I rotate between Emily Baczewski and Roxy Montiel because they are both so talented. The salon is beautiful and I feel so pampered and happy when I visit. Don't miss out on the Root!
5	The root salon is such a cute place, great customer service and amazing end product. Went in for a color and cut and was booked with Emily B. Love my hair, can't rave enough about her work. She brought life back to my dull dry hair.
5	There are so many mediocre hair salons around the valley, and it's so refreshing to finally find a place that is above extraordinary. I made my appointment with Emily Claire, And waited a month to see her because I heard nothing but rave reviews. I was NOT disappointed. Emily Claire is a hair wizard, she is Hairy Potter. A color genius and super cute and friendly as well. Everyone at The Root Salon was. I left feeling confident and in love with my hair! I will ABSOLUTELY recommend this place to  everyone.
5	Only place I will go!!! Happy haircuts since age 16!! :) now I am 27!!
