5	Came here for the first time today and everything was amazing, the bull roll was phenomenal! They have an great selection of saki, which I happen to have a tasting of. If your looking for really good sushi at a great price definitely try it out
4	Ate here last night....Food was great; could use more onions and less broccoli in the Teppan.  I also had the Yellowtail Spoons which were AMAZING!  Prices were excellent (1/2 off all Teppan meals right now).  Staff was very friendly and very attentive unlike other Teppanyaki restaurants I have visited.  We will definitely visit again soon!  I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 because they have a little room for improvement!
5	Ate here last night and loved it! Sushi was fresh and greatly portioned. Sushi Chef and owner Jin, visited our table and provided excellent recommendations and shared his knowledge with us about sushi. Atmosphere (decor, music, and service) was amazing... Will definitely become a regular!
1	Went to this place because of groupon, and sadly will not be back. It was a Friday around 730, any restaurants busiest time I understand, but when you put out a groupon you should expect it to be busier than normal on the first weekend. having 2 servers for the sushi side was a joke. it took about 20 minutes to get EDAMAME. told twice it was just so busy sorry. then another 30 minutes to get a few simple rolls like a spicy shrimp and california hand roll. Told again, it was just soo busy. They brought about the Bull roll and the setup calls for vodka to cause a flame to cook it partially. after 4 minutes of her trying to light it up, complaining about how bad the vodka they have is, it went on. Was lucky to have our water cups filled. The table next to us had not gotton 2 of their rolls and it was brought to "another table" one of the chefs came by to also apologize about it  being very busy and waiting so long for everything, but what made me giggle was that he said, "We are busy because we are good" ....no, its because you just put out a groupon a few days ago. Food was so blah and there are a lot of sushi places in Chandler, I hope you can have a better experience than we had.
4	We went here late on a Saturday night (I think around 8?) because we had purchased the groupon.  We were sat right away as there were only two groups having Teppan and one table having sushi.  Our server greeted us right away and brought us cucumber water which was delicious.  We ordered Edamame while we looked over the menu.  The Edamame came out pretty quickly and was a huge portion of freshness with just the right amount of salt.  Once we had a few questions the server panicked because it was her second day, but she brought someone over right away who knew exactly what we were asking.  We ordered 3 rolls and they were all super fresh and delicious.  The portions are huge and I was sure the two of us wouldn't be able to eat it all!!  We drink a lot of water which normally annoys waitstaff, but they kept filling it promptly.  Overall, I was impressed and will go back even without a groupon.  Would like to try their happy hour!  My only complaint would have to be their menu's on the website.  They are just too small to really read...
4	Great sushi with your not-so-ordinary rolls. Check out the Bull or Beefy roll.
2	Groupon trap---Saw the groupon, saw the glowing reviews, didn't read there was only 4 at the time. Showed up on slow night, 7pm with 4 tables. Not usually a good sign, but gave it a go. The quality of food was average, the sushi was fresh, teppanyaki was average. However, the server had no business working there. She didn't know the menu very well, an misquoted what came with what, and never told you what you were getting. I asked what fish came with the Shashimi platter, she said "chef's choice" ok. I figured when she brought it out, she'd tell me what the choice today was, but no. There's no presentation, no professionalism. The glowing, scrolling, LED name tags reminded me of a cocktail waitress from The Highlighter (not that I've been, but a friend told me!) Had to ask for refills over and over, just really poor experience. When I told the manager??? on the way out, I don't think he understood. Expensive lesson for me.
4	I Sushi has fresh, good quality sushi with unique fusion-style rolls. They are also open late (Until 11 P.M.) on Fridays and Saturdays, which makes for some a good late night dinner!We tried the "monkey brain" appetizer, a few basic rolls (Salmon, tuna, yellowtail), tuna poke, and the bull roll. The monkey brain is a row of mushrooms stuffed with fresh tuna, then tempura fried. It was drizzled with sauce, and was really delicious. The basic rolls had a good proportion of fish to rice and seaweed, and the fish itself was tasty and fresh. The tuna poke had a tasty marinade, with good proportion of fish to vegetable. Most of the tuna tasted great. However, there were a few pieces I tasted that had some slight gristle on them. The bull roll was amazing. It's one of the best fusion sushi rolls I've had! The presentation is pretty cool too, since the waitress will flambe the aluminum-wrapped roll at your table. As the flames die down, you peel back the wrapping to reveal some nicely grilled bulgolgi beef on top of a spicy tuna, crab, and cucumber roll. It gives a whole new meaning to a surf and turf roll, Asian style!Service was friendly and cheerful. We came in with a Groupon and they had no problem with us redeeming it. If you look on their website, they have coupons you can print out too for some non-Groupon discounts.I'd definitely like to come here again for the sushi, and perhaps to try their happy hour from 3-7 which includes appetizers, entrees, sushi, and drinks.
5	Excellent service, very fresh sushi. I ordered salmon sashimi, salmon roe sushi, sea urchin sushi, and a Viva Las Vegas roll. I also thought it was really cool how they have a camera above the sushi chef's station so you can watch on one of the TV's the food being prepared. Great experience overall.
5	My husband and I just moved into the area and we usually go to sushi for our date night dinners. I read the reviews about I sushi and Teppan so we decided why not. It was worth it!! The fish tasted fresh not chewy. We got the sunshine roll and OMG it was delicious. Best las vegas roll that I've had in along time. The happy hour had awesome specials. If you like sake bombers great price during happy hour. The staff were friendly. The restaurant it self was clean and shiny. I'm so happy that we live right down the street it's going to be our new sushi place
4	This place is great.  Amazing deals.  Half off Teppanyakki.  The drinks and food were great.  What I didn't care for was the timing.I understand that they want to fill a table before they have someone come out and cook the food.  We have two very small children.  We know weekend children dining etiquette (get your ass in the restaurant early and get the hell out before it get's busy) The problem was they kept us waiting for so long in between apps, salads and soups hoping someone would come in before it's time to teppan.  About 20 minutes after ordering our food and getting our salad and soup a party of three came in and sat next to us.  Now we have to wait for them to order their drinks, eat their apps etc before we can get our main course!  40 minutes into dinner, no entrees and our kids are getting cranky.All of this was quashed once our Teppan guy showed up.  He was entertaining and energetic.  Great with the kids.  The bill came and it was next to nothing.  Hands down, cheapest dinner in a long time.  We will return.
5	This place is such a find. Sushi was fresh. We got the 'I Sushi roll', I would soo recommend it. If you dont go, your missing out. Any place you go thats not I Sushi& Teppan will wish it tasted this good.
4	Very good teppan. Went in on a groupon. Good service made us smile. Hope this place stays in business only a few tables were eating on a Saturday night. This really is the bomb place! Love it
5	Great little hidden gem. Food and service are great! Ridiculously cheap happy hour!
2	I had bought a groupon for this place to try them out as we love Beni Hana & this seemed like a good deal. Went on a Wed about 5p with my 2 kids for my bday dinner as the kids have been wanting to go to Beni Hana so figured we'll give this a try. We were the 1st ones there for dinner. We got seated by our friendly waiter, Jim. We excused ourselves so the kids and I could go wash our hands from a day at the museum. Got back to our table and 2-3 other family start showing up. One was a family of 4 who sat at the next table from us and a couple that was in front of us. Jim was friendly, explaining how it's happy hour and I could save the groupon for a later date since I'll be paying same or less with the special which was cool as I was starting to like the place already with the happy hour. :) My son wanted pizza (he only wanted to see the cooking part) so we ordered him a side of edamame & figured he'll eat with me, I ordered a chicken teppan since I wanted the C-5 shrimp, steak & scallop but it was only on the lunch menu but not dinner (so a suggestion to consider putting it in dinner menu) and when asked if I could get it for dinner, they said I could get the T-9 in it's place which is $40 so no thanks ($20 diff. from lunch menu because it's Lobster, shrimp & scallop but they were going to give me steak, shrimp & scallop). I declined and got the chicken teppan instead and & ordered a some Las Vegas rolls to go with it and looking forward to the 'show' for the kids. My daughter ended up ordering Yakisoba with chicken and we asked for only noodle & chicken since she does not like veggies. Well, it took awhile but the edamame, soup and salad came then we noticed the next table with the family had the cook came out with the cart and started cooking for them. Hmmm...I didnt think of anything and figured ours was coming soon. My kids on the other hand noticed and my daughter asked why they got their food first since we were there first. I just said, maybe they had something simple and enjoyed my appetizer and sushi, not paying attention as figured I'll watch when ours come. We waited then waited..my kids now wondering and myself too why our food is still not out. Our waiter probably sensed it so he came over and said there was some sort of mixup and that our food was being cooked at the other  table and left. I was speechless and confused at first and my kids asked what he'd meant and I told them. My daughter got teary eyed and said but we were here first, why did they do that? I said I didnt know and I'll see what happened. I asked Jim when he returned with my daughter's meal and said it's because they dont normally cook for 1 teppan order and since we'd sat down first, they didnt want to have to ask us to move. We would of gladly moved to or switched seats to have the other family joined us if that was the case and we were told! So...now frustration sets in and my daughter keeps asking why they did that to us and seeing her food which we'd ordered only noodle and chicken, she began to cry as her meal came with everything, veggies and all. I told her I'll take care of it and dont worry. Meanwhile, Jim came back and I told him this was supposed to be only noodle and chicken which he said he'll take care of it and have them remake it for her. I asked him why they did this as it's not right as the reason we came was because my kids wanted to watch the chief cook and he doesnt understand & he'll ask the manager again. By this time, I was not a happy camper with 2 hungry kids and had lost my appetite with a big lump in my throat so I asked Jim for them to just bag our food up as we're leaving.  A few minutes later, a manager name Jim Lee came out to speak to us and apologized for what had happened and said that he'll comp our whole meal for the inconvenience and misunderstanding. I said thank you and he left. He came back shortly (guess he heard afterwards I wanted the foods packed to go) to asked if we'd still like to eat there in which I said no, we're still going to leave as we're done. Jim had my daughter's food packed up and I boxed my leftover sushi and chicken teppan that finally came much later after the cook at the other table got done and we left.  My kids and I were so disappointed so we came back into town again next day and went to Beni Hana where the kids fully enjoyed the show. The food was not bad but the sushi (I got the Las Vegas) was delicious and best I had and happy hour prices were great. Would of been a 5 star had everything gone smoothly and we had the meal cooked for us like we'd thought. Jim, our waiter was great and I could tell he felt bad. Just wished it had gone better. I appreciate the manager coming out to talk and comping the food as had that not have happened to change my mind about this place, I would never consider returning and this review would of gone all south. My kids never want to go back there again. I MIGHT give them another try for the sushi. Just trying to be detailed.
5	I think overall we had a great experience. I am new to the sushi world and therefor very picky about what I eat and where it comes from. My fiance's mom and dad also went with us. They have a resident sushi place in GIlbert and we were urging them to try this place. All I can say is that ALL of our expectations were met. The sushi was fantastic! The staff were so kind and polite. We went during happy hour and choose not to purchase the groupon. My favorite roll that our chef made was the Vegas roll, which surprised me because I am usually not a fan of them. I can guarantee you we will be back here again!
4	In a word - Delightful. We went here with a Groupon, not knowing what to expect. My dad is awesome, and sometimes over enthusiastic when he clicks the buy button on Groupon, or he's just getting older; either way we ended up with two Groupons. Best purchase ever dad. As a starving grad student I thoroughly enjoy meals out and a place with both sushi and Teppan? Double win. The service was good, and the food even better. I went with a friend and we split 2 rolls, an appetizer and one order of Teppan chicken. Due to a grave tragedy, the Groupon that got redeemed was the one that expired in a few months, rather than the one that expired right away. Upon calling the owner, he said he felt it was both party's fault (mine and the waiter who worked the app on my phone) and said he'd honor the expired one on a return visit. So things they offer. Excellent food. Good wait staff. And a quality business owner. My only compliant is that of another Yelper - I get waiting to fill a Teppan table, but if you aren't busy, you aren't busy. Get the chef out there to cook. That being said, over all a place I plan on returning to. Again and again.
5	irashaimase!! welcome to i sushi & teppan!! we were seated at a teppanyaki table and waited a few minutes before our server came back to get our drink orders. joe was very friendly and very efficient in his job. i had read a few excellent reviews before choosing i sushi (we also had a groupon). we were celebrating our 4th wedding anniversary and wanted to do something different. what i didn't realize (and i should have because now i remember it being mentioned in another review) was that you share your teppanyaki table with other guests. we were seated with four other people, which was fine, but made it a little awkward.the husband got the poke bowl (recommended by jolly m) and he absolutely loved it. the taste reminded him of poke from home (hawaii). this is something that we can't get out here in the desert on a regular basis. also ordered edamame which was steamed and seasoned with salt. for the teppan i got a filet mignon dish. daniel was our teppan chef. he was friendly and very entertaining. he has been cooking for over 7 years. very skilled and talented. it was a pleasure watching him cook! another thing i got a kick out of was that they have a live feed of their sushi chef preparing sushi behind the bar. you can watch this on a television from across the room. sushi itself is such a beautiful art! if we lived in chandler (we're now living in tucson) we'd probably come here more often! would definitely come back and recommend to people.    arigato gozaimasu i sushi & teppan!!
1	I came here on a Wednesday night and it was dead empty. Should have been my first clue, but I had a groupon to use. Ordered the sushi and sashimi combo and got it a couple minutes later. Didn't come with miso soup/ edemame/ etc. All I can say is it was a mistake to order sushi in a dead place like that. The preparation seemed ok, but the fish was less than fresh. It all tasted a little stale and was slightly mushy. Even had one piece of nigiri that the end of the fish was dried out... server didn't really do anything about it though. The guy never filled my water until I was done eating either. Not like there was much else to do that night.Can't say if their teppanyaki would be any better, but stick with cooked foods and you may have a better experience.
5	So I went back and gave them another try with a friend. We were seated right away at the Teppan table then about 5 mins later, 2 others were seated by us at the same table. Our waiter was very nice and courteous. Everything went smoothly and we both enjoyed everything. We even had a chance to sample one of their new coconut saki which was not bad but since I was driving, I only had the sample.  And they took the expired Groupon coupon & gave me the face value credit as advertised so I got to use that which was a plus since we'd went during happy hour.  It was a much better experience than the first so if I'm back in town around here again, I might stop in if not for the teppan, for the sushi. Thank you.
3	I came here with a deal chicken deal for about half off of our meal.  Their menu is pretty affordable and noticed that the Teppan menu is half off which makes it very affordable.  The staff was very friendly.  Classic Teppanyaki presentation, fire, egg tricks, and onion volcanoes.  The rice was bland and could have used a little more garlic butter.  The shrimp was good, but the chicken was overcooked and very dry (at least it was edible with the sauces).  I referred to this place as Beni on a budget.  If you want to experience Teppan for a good price, check this place out for happy hour.  I doubt you will be disappointed.  If you are feeling a little less frugal you might want to go ahead and go to the big chain where the flavors are quite a bit better, but quite a bit more expensive.  Overall a pretty good experience.
5	Great service and great atmosphere. I love that I can watch my sushi being prepared on a tv screen. Tootsie Roll is the best. Love the hot hand towel service.
5	Came here with a Groupon and will be returning a lot more often. The staff is all friendly, the prices are very reasonable, and the food is amazing!
5	Went back 2 nights in a row! Sushi is absolutely fantastic. Lucky to find a place so incredible. I liked the crunchy special and the spicy salmon. Enjoyed the mango saki too! Great place will be a favorite for me!
5	Due to my yelp friend Karen W. I went back here. After the first visit, I swore I would not support a place that sells monkey brains. I found out now that they are not real monkey brains. The food is a bit pricey, and there is really only one roll that amazes me (the Bull roll). The soup is good, but their salad dressing is not traditional Miso salad dressing. Some people like it, so I will not mark them down for that. I am going to go back when they have their happy hour for 1/2 price sushi.Thank you Karen.
2	This place is nothing great. My mom and I went during lunch for a deal on groupon $15 for $30. My mom had the sashimi and I had a bento box. Everything was mediocre and I wouldn't go here again. I had to tell our waiter three different times that my green tea was not hot and every time he came back with a cold cup. If we didn't get the groupon, I would have been extremely disappointed in this place.
2	First the good: nice atmosphere and reasonably tasty sushi.  The valentine roll was clever, the salmon nigiri was tasty, and the mackerel nigiri was quite good (not as pickled as some places - nice change up).  The quality of the other fish was fine; I wish they used the crab/mayo mix in the rainbow roll, instead of just stuffing krab stick in there.Ok.  Now to the rest.  Short version: My boyfriend never got his meal.Long version: The boy and I started our quest for a new sushi/japanese joint last night and good Yelp reviews, I Sushi was first on our list to try.  We arrived, were promptly seated at a normal table and after exploring the menu we ordered: vegetable tempura as an appetizer, I got some rolls & nigiri, and the boy ordered teppan chicken, which came with soup & salad.  The boy thought teppan chicken was just a new style or sauce, not realizing it was chicken cooked on the teppan tables (of which there were 10 or so).  His bad for ordering it BUT... the waitress didn't say anything like "Oh, that's not something you can order here" or even "Just so you know, that's cooked on the teppan tables so there will be a wait for your food."  Nothing.  Just 'Ok'.  We get our tempura.  It's fine.  The batter was nice & light, but the veggies lacked flavor.  The exception was the onion.  That was really good.  One of my rolls comes out.  Then the other.  Then the nigiri.  The boy still hasn't even gotten his soup or salad.  But, we're patient so, when the waitress comes by the first time and asks if everything is OK, we say "Sure."The 2nd time she comes by we ask if his meal is ever coming out.  She looks startled, says "Oh, yes." and heads back to the kitchen.The third time she comes by (I'm now halfway through my sushi), we ask again if he's ever getting his food.  She, again, looks startled and goes back to the kitchen.  The hostess comes by to ask how things are so we tell her we're still waiting on his meal, too.  She doesn't know how to handle this, looks uncomfortable while apologizing a number of times before heading to the hostess stand.  (I.e. does nothing.)  The boy, meanwhile, is facing the kitchen and says there is a lot of activity and that people keep poking their faces out the door looking at him.  I predict that it's not long before they come out ask us just what it was you ordered again.A short while later... a plate of tempura vegetables comes out.  We send it back and the waitress comes out: what did you order again? The boy reminds her.  Again her reply is "ok".A chef comes out and explains that what the boy ordered wasn't kitchen food, it has to be cooked on the teppan table and he'll do it... he'll cook it up and serve it to us.  (Oh, you're too kind - why didn't the waitress tell us of the problem at the outset!?)  We try to tell him to not bother, but he doesn't seem to understand so I just say 'that'll be fine' and he goes off to prepare.The people at the table where they're going to cook the boy's meal get salads.  The boy doesn't get anything.  More time passes... probably 10 minutes.  Nothing.  Still no soup, no salad & nothing resembling "oh crud, we need to get this guy his food and make this right" activity.  I'm now done with my food.We flag the waitress down and ask her to just remove his order & bring a box for my leftovers.  We're done.  She does.Now - intrepid reader who has made it this far - if you were in a restaurant that had so thoroughly botched your night, you'd expect them to do a little something to make it right, no? Take of the appetizer, maybe? Or perhaps the drinks ($3 for an iced tea, BTW?!)?  Nope.  Nothing.  We pay and walk out to a chorus of "thank yous" from the waitress who failed to place our order, the chef who failed to cook it, and the hostess who did nothing to make our situation right.  Not an ounce of recognition from any of them that they had royally screwed up.And no.  They weren't busy.  There were several open tables, open teppan tables, and open sushi bar seats.  They were just incompetent.  I might go back for cheap sushi some night after work (since I work at the giant corporation just down the road from them), but not for a meal.What'd the boy do for food? We went to Culver's.  They actually deliver the food their customers order.
5	Went back last night, watched the teppan and it was much better. Had some new sushi options from the incredible owner/sushi chef. He even bought us a saki shot to thank us for being repeat customers!! Great place still my favorite.
4	Good but not overly cheap and the service was HORRIBLE.  Servers were polite but couldn't answer questions about the menu or what the dishes we were served were.We tried several rolls and I have to say my favorite was the simple avocado roll.  Huge chunks of fresh avocado.  The mixed tempura I wouldn't order again... I was surprised by the Monkey Brains appetizer.  It wasn't what I expected.  It was basically a stuffed mushroom (stuffed with spicy tuna) breaded in tempura batter and deep fried.I think my favorite thing of all was the Lychee Martini.  So strong and a wonderful flavor.  I think we will try this place again for the 1/2 price Teppanyaki at Happy Hour.
1	I went here on my birthday. I made a reservation there were 12 of us. There was only one other table and the service was awful. Not to mention it was 118 degrees that day and the swamp cooler was broken. They finally over a hour in got us a fan. I was only notified that there was an issue with the cooling system because I asked them to turn up the air. They didn't even give me and my niece. It was her bday too a free ice-cream for our trouble. Terrible experience. That was on June 29th. I had been there 3 other times and the service was ok but the food was good. I gave them another shot and went to dinner there last Friday. They  took forever (20 mins) just to bring me water and the cook didn't come out for over a hour and 10 mins. Not to mention they seated a table with people that came in 30 mins after us and they had a chef cooking their food a good 20 mins before us. Which I brought to their attention. The problem is how they run the floor. The waiter has to take orders, make all the drinks. he has to do everything. They need a bartender. Also since there were only 3 of us we were seated with other people. The waiter would bring our drinks and not even take their order. He took our sushi order and didn't even take theirs but we had both filled out our forms. I got so annoyed I ended up eating my sushi and just saying bring me the bill. After 2 hours and the food not even being cooked I just couldn't do it.  The food is good, the price is right but the service is terrible.
4	The cucumber water was a very nice touch. Try the Tuna Poke!
3	We went for lunch on a Saturday, so very, VERY quiet.  Service was quick and staff was extremely pleasant.  Very nice, clean, inviting interior.  On one of their many large-screen they show the sushi chefs hard at work, preparing the fish.  Menu was pretty extensive, but more "hipster" I guess you could say, rather than being more traditional.  Tempura platter was very delicious.  The sushi & rolls were sort of on the small side--which was good, I guess, based on the price, but that forced me to keep ordering more and more in an effort to get full.  1 hour later we reached max fill and paid $60 with tip for 2 people, no drinks.  Everything was delicious, but I was hungry again 3 hours later.  I thought this was a very well-done, classy place, and if I were younger and more "hip" (do they even say that anymore?) I might go there for happy hour now and again.  For a boring, old married couple just trying to get full at a decent price, however, it doesn't really fit the bill.
4	Excellent little find! Used a Groupon and went with a friend for lunch. Started out with two sushi rolls. The first was the tempura tuna with no rice and the sauce that came with was excellent. The second was the cucumber roll with tuna, salmon, and crab and no rice. It was excellent as well! We then split a teppanyaki lunch. We chose the chicken and shrimp and it was very good. Even though we were both stuffed we decided to end our meal with the green tea mochi. Loved it! Will definitely be back if I'm ever down on this side of town again!
2	My wife called to ask if they had a happy hour. The guy that answered said yes, please see it online. My wife looked and when we got here (I'm here now lol), they said "oh yea our website is old. Strike one. Seaweed salad small. Edamame small. Strike 2 was when i asked for a table away from the front door and was told they were "reserved".  At 530pm!? ok !The sushi was average. Very small pieces. Very loud due to teppan right next to sushi. All in an open area. There are no walls or anything. Strike 3 was when they brought out my order with only half of the nigiri. Weird, if you write "1" for nigiri it's literal, not in pairs as about every other sushi place I've been to for 20 years all over the globe, does!Well I asked for the rest of the order and I was told if have to be out at the back of the line. Meaning I'd be waiting much too long. Ridiculous. The sushi was average. Very small pieces. Very loud due to teppan right next to sushi. All in an open area. There are no walls or anything. Sakana and Mido are better in all ways. I'd be surprised to see them make it to 2014.
2	Food was average.  However, the service was inept.  They forgot to bring one of our salads and we had to remind our servers.  Also, they didn't bring one of our rolls, and when we asked for it, they claimed we had already gotten it - but we hadn't.  To their credit after two tries, they believed us and brought the roll, but it left a bad taste in our mouths (pun intended).  Since there are plenty of other fish (sushi) in the sea, we'll swim elsewhere next time....
4	Another great Sushi happy hour place!! =)I came here with a friend last week to try out their happy hour. I'm not sure what I love more, happy hour, or sushi. So when you combine it? Doesn't take much to make me happy. lol. They have happy hour from 3-7. We ordered A LOT! I think I always over order every time I go get sushi. Which is horrible since I'm tiny and don't even eat much. lol. We ordered the Philly roll, Vegas Roll, Dragon Roll, Salmon Nigiri, and so much more. I really liked everything. It was beyond fresh and very reasonably priced for happy hour. I also ordered their Lychee Martini  which was delicious while my friend got some Sake. We ordered about 6-7 rolls plus 2 drinks and it only came out to about $40ish! They also do the tepanyaki cooking here which reminded me of Benihana. We got there at the perfect timing which was around 5:30ish because it got extremely busy. I thought the service was good and so was the food. I'll definitely be back to get my sushi happy hour fix on! =)
5	Love the sunshine roll! The happy hour prices are amazing! Great service, nice atmosphere, and most importantly delicious sushi look out for groupons
2	The food tasted really good and with the groupon the price was alright. But it took over an hour from seating time to when the teppan chef (there was only one for the whole restaurant on a Saturday) arrived at our table. And it was the most boring cooking "show" I've ever seen. No extras at all. He basically cooked in front of us. He even had a train whistle in his cart and never used it even though there were kids at our table. The food was great but the teppan show was poor.
1	Gag!  This place is no good.  The worst sushi I have ever had!!  Honestly. We ordered a yellow roll and the fish was so old I was gagging and couldn't even swallow.  We told the sushi chef and they didn't do anything.  They said they would take $1 off.  Boo for bad fish and boo for bad service.
3	Gotta love Groupon....Sometimes. This time, the buzz wasn't ready for the flood of people. They were too slammed for their own good. Service WAY SLOW. Wrong stuff delivered, but we were too hungry to care!! Our neighborhood sushi joint couldn't handle the pressure, but, we will still be back...
5	A Groupon special initially brought me to this restaurant and it has quickly become my favorite. This time I decided to try the special rolls and got the Bull Roll and Baked Salmon Roll.  Oh man these were delicious!!  The Bull roll comes with spicy tuna and crab with Korean beef over the top.  They wrap it in foil and it comes out on fire.  It was amazing.  The baked salmon roll also came with warm salmon over the top of a crab and cucumber roll.  This one has got to be my favorite.  I have never had a roll with warm protein on it and it really does take it up a level.  Dare I say I ordered another roll and went with the shrimp tempura which is always a safe slam dunk.  I haven't tried anything from the teppan side because I am always focused on the sushi roll.sOh yeah and they also have a television where you can watch them making the rolls live.  It's a nice option because I don't necessarily like sitting at the sushi bar and I can still watch them in action.
5	My new fave sushi spot!!! BEST HH specials!!!
3	Not very impressed. I only order Nigiri so my opinion is based on that alone. I lived in Japan for 3 years so I do know a little about sushi. I ordered mackerel, shrimp, snapper, snow crab, salmon and tuna.Overall the pieces lacked flavor. The shrimp was overly sweet, the mackerel and snow crab dry. The pieces of fish were on the small side from most places I've been to. So much so it caught me by surprise.It was okay, but I know many better places.
4	Every roll is delicious!! Haven't tried the teppanyaki yet but judging by the amount of people opting for it, I would assume it's pretty good. They also have this cool cam set up right above the sushi chefs table, so you see your sushi being made from how the chef looks at it. I definitely recommend this place!!
5	My fiance and I have been here three of four times since moving to the area and every time we have experienced fantastic service.  We have only had the sushi, but it is delicious and the reason we keep coming back.  If anyone is looking for a nice quiet sushi spot in Chandler, you cant beat this place.
4	Decent place right here.Had the Surf ClamHalibut SashimiTuna PokeCold Asahi w/ Warm SakePrice was ok for sushi places away from any coast... Location was setup very nice, and very clean. The staff were VERY polite and hospitable... Will def be going back...They even have a few Teppanyaki stations !!! This made my #1 spot for sushi in Chandler / Mainly cause they carry the surf clam... Great Job
5	Price is good, food is delicious and great service.  Happy hour menu need to be more clear.
5	Nice service and food :)
5	Took advantage of the Happy Hour deals and glad we did.  Sampled a little of almost every category on the menu.  Fantabulous.  Becca Roll, Dragon Roll, Unagi Sashimi, Calamari Steak, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, and Green Tiger cocktails.  Delicious.We will be back -hopefully again soon.
5	Purchased a groupon since husband likes sushi. I'm not a fan so checked the menu to see if there was alternatives.We went in a Saturday around 11:30 the location in a strip mall was not what I expected but once inside the decor was very nice. We were the only table in and choose to sit at the bar. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. We choose our menu items and I decided to try the baked options. Our food came out quickly but not all at once which was nice so it stayed warm. The Las Vegas roll and the baked scallop rolls were so good. I actually enjoyed it enough to purchase a second groupon to return.
5	I was looking for a new sushi place closer to our house. I had found a groupon for I Sushi and I figured we should try it out. As we entered, there were full tables and people all over the restaurant. I knew that it had to be good for the amount of people who were there. We had amazing service. He made our first visit very easy and went over all of the menu items that were popular and what his go to items were. We were delighted with all of our choices. Great food and service. Looks like we found a new place closer to our house and really great happy hour prices as well! Win win for everyone. We had sushi but there are also teppan tables and if you haven't had a chance to watch and be entertained, you need to go!
3	I was given a voucher for Christmas for I Sushi so I came with my daughter to try the teppan.  I am a big fan of this style and I like a good show to go with the meal.We arrived, were seated by ourselves at a teppan station, and had our orders taken.  Ten minutes later a man and his daughter joined us.  Ten minutes later another couple joined us.  Sadly, this meant my daughter and I had to wait almost 40 minutes until we were served our soup and salad.Then meal for all of us was cooked together but had only a few instances of flash (pun intended).  Egg on a spatula, onion volcano, and a few instances of flambe.  The taste of the meal was very good and all seemed happy with their choices.  One big flaw was that I ordered steak and shrimp, but was only served steak.  A quick  report of the oversite and the shrimp was cooked quickly and served up.Not a bad meal, but perhaps overpriced for what you get.  If I have the opportunity to get another voucher I'd try again.  Without one, I'd be reluctant.
5	This review is just for the sushi part of the restaurant because we didn't try the Teppan side but we will be back for sure to give it a shot. From the little I saw it looked like they put on a good show.Thanks to Living Social for this find. I love Japanese food and sushi so when I was looking around for what I call "Prepaid Date Nights" I saw this place and bought the deal. I didn't even know this place was here.It was Saturday night so time to break out one of these "Prepaid Date Nights" out and give it a try. Just another unassuming place in a strip mall. When you open what looks like a big wooden door the inside is very nice. Teppan tables on one side and regular tables on the other with a sushi bar along the wall next to that. The hostess came up, had our reservation and we were seated immediately. The Teppan tables looked full but there were plenty of regular tables available. Some of the parties at the Teppan tables looked like they don't get let out much. They were having a little too good of a time. Drinky drinky. But it was all a good time. Our waitress Colleen came over right away and was very very nice. She explained the menu, the happy hour specials, I still haven't figured out exactly when happy hour is at this place but whenever it was it was going on now so let's do it, and she offer suggestions. All of the wait staff had these LED name tags with their names scrolling or dropping or going by in different ways. My girlfriend and I both thought they were really cool. I can never pick sushi rolls because everything sounds so good. I would order way to much food. So my girlfriend is in-charge of ordering sushi whenever we go out. She hasn't picked bad yet. I did make the suggestion that I wanted to try some spicy rolls like the Arizona roll. So we ordered the I Sushi roll, the Arizona roll, the Vegas roll and the baked I Sushi roll. We had never heard of a baked roll so we were curious plus if they are putting their name on it it must be a specialty.We ordered drinks. She got some green cocktail thing with pineapple, which she really liked and turned out according to Colleen to be one of the more popular drinks, I thought is tasted good too and I don't really like pineapple. I got a Kirin Ichiban. Bonus points for having this. How can you be a Japanese place and not have Kirin. We also got two ice waters. Here is another thing this place does that I really like, they put a slice of cucumber instead of a slice of lemon in the waters. I do not like lemon in my water. If I wanted lemon aid I would have ordered it and I wouldn't have because I don't like it. But cucumber was so much better. Extra points for this original thought. At least the first time I have seen it.The rolls came out pretty quick. Now it was not that busy but even then some places take quite awhile to roll. But these came out bam, bam, bam. Wow were they good. So fresh. I mean the fish was swimming around happily this morning fresh. Like we lived in a coastal city fresh. The I Sushi roll had jalapenos and chipotle sauce on it but it was a good hot not a burn your face off hot. The Arizona roll had jalapenos on it too but didn't seem as hot as the other. Of course it's heat might have been swimming upstream from the I Sushi rolls heat. The Vegas roll was very good too but I think my favorite of the night was the baked I Sushi roll. They were all very good but this one was just that much better. They had a lobster and crab ball on top of a small roll on it's side then they baked the whole thing. It was so warm and good. Even though I was full I could have eaten more of that one.We both really enjoyed the food and the service. We will definitely be back here with or without a coupon of some kind. The prices where very reasonable. Especially with the level of freshness of the fish. Next time we will try the Teppan for sure but probably still order a roll or two of this great sushi. This just became my new favorite place for sushi. So much better than the place down the street. I don't care if that place is all you can eat I would much rather come here. I will take fresh, great sushi and exceptional service over all you can eat any day. Keep up the great work I Sushi & Teppan.
4	I have only been here for lunch and only on the sushi side.I really enjoy this place. The sashimi lunch bowl is perfect sized and reasonably priced for me. I have used a groupon to order off the menu and I've been very happy with everything served. Portion sizes are good, service was timely, and the place is clean.I like the TV's above the sushi bar that are focused on the chefs. You can watch them make your food even if you're out at the tables.It's sad that there seem to be so few people here for lunch. That's actually what drove me to review them - this is a good place that I'm concerned might go away from lack of customers. I've been to terrible places with a lot of people in them, so I don't get it when a good place has so few.
5	My wife kid and I decided to try I Sushi and Teppan due to a Groupon that was available and great Yelp reviews. We went there the day after Valentines Day because we didnt want to dine out on such a busy day. We arrived at the restaurant around 2 pm on a Saturday and where right away greeted by Kim (very friendly) we asked for the Teppan side since my wife and I enjoy Teppan and was also our my 2 year old son's first time seeing the "food show" . We were rapidly seated and our drinks came right away , also note that it is 2 o clock on a Saturday so its not that busy but we where still amazed by the fast service. Our side miso soup came out then our side salad, then our sushi rolls which where delicious.  Daniel the Teppan cook came out and was immediately friendly and excited to start cooking for us since we were the only one's on the table. Daniel was great with our son , he will make funny noises and had a train whistle that made my boy laugh, he also set small amounts of food on a plate for our son to cool off. Overall the food was GREAT, service was OUTSTANDING  and that groupon helped a lot . Thanks I Sushi and Teppan we where truly impressed and we are sure to come back. (BTW... Kim you should get the G Flex its a cool phone :) )
5	I love love love this place! My sisters and I originally found it through a Groupon and have been loyal to this place since. It's relatively far from our house, but it's worth it. The Becca Roll is spicy but just the right amount. AMAZING. Dipped in the shrimp sauce and it's beyond perfect. The teppan is also really good. They have a really good show and it keeps the kids entertained! Probably going tomorrow!The only thing would be that on busy nights, it may seem understaffed as it takes a while to get refills and whatnot but the quality of the food is definitely five stars.
5	The bull roll was like whaaaaaaaatttt amazing. The service was incredible as well and everything was very clean and precise... Exactly how Japanese food should be. This was a great spot for a quiet date and it was quiet on the weekdays so might be good for meetings as well. It looks a little weird from the outside but the inside is nice.
5	Best sushi in town!! Super spacious. Great for happy hour with the guys or a romantic dinner with the girl.  Plenty of tv's to catch the game on weekends. Check or the happy hour specials! I had the bull roll which was a play on surf and turf.  Bulgogi and crab in one roll!  How does life get any better!
1	I was just refused service because I had my two kids with me at 5pm.  First they wanted us to wait until a reservation came.  We said we prefer not to because we have two kids with us.  The last time we waited for a reservation to show up, it was a two hour dinner.  They sat us.  Minutes later the reservation came and we were asked to sit with them.  We said we prefer not to because we're sitting and the "reservation" obviously wants a kid free evening.  We were essentially told we had to move because they didn't want to clean two tables.  I've been to this place 4 times now.  Past experiences have shown that when we wait for their "reservation" we are sitting at the table for two+ hours and our kids go nuts.  It ruins my families evening and the other parties evening.  My family takes over half the table.  Its not like we're killing them.  There was NO ONE in the restaurant.  So we were told to leave because we didn't want to move.  This place obviously cares more about the numbers than the customers experience.  I am floored.  My family loved this place.  How do you explain to your son that we were kicked out of his favorite restaurant because mommy and daddy didn't want to spoil another party of fours evening?
4	A friend of mine had recommended this place a few years ago and after searching for a place for Oscar G's birthday dinner, I settled on this new sushi place for us to try out. I had no trouble making a reservation and our table was ready when I arrived on time. When I try sushi, I usually don't stray away from the shrimp, crab, or tuna varieties, so I was happy to see that they have a wide variety of specialty rolls that I haven't seen at other restaurants. We arrived just before HH ended so I got an order of gyoza to share and a drink, both of which were good. For dinner I ordered the bull roll (spicy tuna, crab, cucumber topped with beef) and the becca roll (spicy crab, jalapeno, cilantro, cucumber). The Bull Roll is the one in the pics wrapped in foil and set ablaze. I described it as tasting like dinner - the beef on top was so delicious and the roll gets hot so with the rice and everything it tastes like you're eating a warm dish (tastes better than it may sound). I also really enjoyed the Becca roll. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their rolls and they even brought out some mochi for the birthday boy. It is a little ways away but I think this is my new favorite sushi spot.
1	Jin's Dragon Roll was absolutely amazing! Overall, the sushi was phenomenal, except our server Melissa was quite terrible. Not only did she "forget" to bring us our complementary miso soup, but she also brought us our check early even though we did not receive all of our food yet. It is such a shame that the restaurant is being ruined by inadequate servers like MELISSA. Because of her, I will never be back again!
4	Went for lunch and service is good and sushi rolls very good. Try the heart attack app...very yummy.
4	my wife & i went here thanks to a groupon. it's in our neighborhood so we thought it would be good to try out. it turns out that groupon was a great investment.it's easy to compare I Sushi & Teppan to Benihana. it's the same type of restaurant. Except IS&T is more casual. and more relaxed. Our server was friendly and on top of our orders. We sat at one of the grilling tables. Our chef, Chu, was fantastic. He had some great tricks during his performance that included big flames of fire twice. The food he made for us was wonderfully seasoned and tasted fresh.  The fried rice was great. There were plenty of vegetables with it and it was almost a meal to itself. I ordered the steak for my meal. When Chu thought it was cooked to my liking, he gave me a small piece to taste test. I thought this was a nice touch. Good customer service. He had it right the first time and I enjoyed every bite. We plan on going again, with or without a groupon.
5	Went for happy hour last night. Four rolls and two drinks for 35.00 tax and tip what a deal! Love this place
5	We ordered the tuna tempora, tuna Poki roll and the big roll. The tuna rolls were delishious especially the tuna Poki!!! I think that is the best roll I've ever had.The service is outstanding and they have a tv screen showing the sushi chef creating your rolls!When we left everyone was kind and thanked us for our patronage.
1	Awful. Sushi came out really fast and was exceedingly so-so. Then, we waited. And waited. And waited for the rest of our order. About 30 minutes later, we had to ask for the manager, who said: "If you can't wait for your food, you can leave." We left, NEVER going back. Suggest you go elsewhere too to a avoid what we experienced. Seriously, the worst.
5	Been here two times. First time we used a groupon and had the teppanyaki table and food was great. Drinks were awesome and flavorful and so was the food. They were very attentive. However we had a reservation but needed to wait to have our table fill up for them to start.  Once we had it filled up the great good and service made up. Prices are reasonable. Second trip was also a great time. All of their rolls didn't disappoint and everyone walked out full. The bull roll was cool. We would go back just need to see when a groupon offer comes out.
2	Got our order wrong. Only one waitress during lunch hour. Not the best sushi I've had. Would not done here again.
5	Awesome food. Great happy hour.  Amazing staff.  Excellent atmosphere.  The Big Roll is worth it!
4	Pretty good sushi and even better Teppanyaki.  Better prices than Bennihana too.
2	The lady and I both had their take on kalbi; it was bad. I don't know what they marinate it in, but it tasted like one of those high-in-alcohol cough syrups. They serve 7 or 8 of the small rib pieces on a hot plate with a ramekin-shaped rice ball and a ramekin-contained salad. All this for 18 bucks- what a non-deal!Not really the establishment's fault, but any good vibes about the place were ruined by the obnoxious idiots who were sitting in the table next to us. Best part was that the waitress sat us right next to them despite there being a bunch of empty tables. Must've known we wanted to hear a gaggle of idiots tell inane gossipy stories and spout profanity like it was going out of style. I don't want to come off as a stick in the mud, but geez; the staff could have asked that they chill a bit.The decor of the place was tacky and bar-like, which is okay to me unless you're trying to come off as high-falutin' Asian fare, asking about reservations for the teppan table when you come in the door.I didn't try the sushi or teppan, maybe it's amazing.
4	Came here tonight with a groupon for sushi and loved it! Please get the Poke Roll!!! You probably will have to eat it with a fork but that's just fine!!! So unique and prob the best roll of my life! Also loved the Sunshine and Arizona Rolls! Great Happy Hour drink prices. $4 Ginger martini was great and I was so happy the waitress made me a Moscow Mule that wasn't on menu. Great service and we will be back!!! :)
1	We came here with a Groupon and I have to say that this sushi was average. My husband who doesn't like sushi even mentioned a place that has better sushi. I probably wouldn't come back based on the food.  The restaurant seems clean and has a nice atmosphere, that's why I'm giving it 3 stars- an average rating. 10/24/14 Update: I came back with another groupin and the sushi was still average and the beef teriyaki was nothing special. We're sitting next to three teppan tables which haven't been cleaned and there's still gunk on the grill top.  Yuck.
3	I got the shrimp teppanyaki from here and it was good, although nothing special. The shrimp were cooked nicely, but I wish that they were larger. The service was great and the staff were very attentive. My water was never empty which is nice!! The restaurant seems clean and there are a lot of choices for seating - dinner tables,  teppanyaki tables, sushi bar, regular bar, and patio. Cool spot to go have a casual dinner at.
3	I had purchased a living social add, $15 for $30 of food. So my husband, daughter and I decided to check it out.  It took about 4 mins to be greeted by our server. We placed out drink orders and they arrived promptly. Our sever seemed pretty knowledgable about the menu and we ordered calamari tempura. It was $8 for 6 fish sticks!!! They were literally fish sticks!! The sauces that came with it were pretty good but out server offered no information about what the sauces were. My husband and I shared the sushi platter that offered chefs choice of sushi for $25. My daughter ordered teriyaki chicken. The food took about 20 mins to come out.  The sushi was brought out, again with no explanation of what we received. We knew what it was because we get sushi a lot but still thought it was odd.  My daughters food was good but very very salty.  When the bill came I was shocked to see how expensive everything was.  Our bill was $68. This is what we got:One Margarita $10 - not worth it! I didn't ask the price when I ordered, probably worth $7 or $8.One Soda - $2One water Calamari $8 -  Fish sticks, these were gross, not worth the cost of the Gortons fish sticks box they probably came out of.Sushi plater $25 - Good Teriyaki Chicken $14 - Meh, worth $10 at the mostFortunately I had the $30 to remove so we didn't spend too much but seriously overpriced in my opinion. We will not be going back.
2	Service was decent. The food and the were way below par. I would not ever return to this sushi restaurant. Rolls fell apart, soy paper was pink? There edamame was edible. Literally this is the worst sushi I have ever had.
1	This place is a joke. It is so hot inside it's ridiculous. I'm literally sweating at the table just waiting for my food. Very stuffy inside with little to no air flow, they only have 3 ceiling fans from the 80's cooling the place off, no AC what so ever. I left before even ordering based on the fact it was so hot inside. Living in the desert you wanna get away from the heat when you go to dinner, not sweat at the dinner table. I will not be returning here ever again.
5	I will definitely be coming back here again. I found it through a Groupon, which was a fantastic deal, and I was able to use it with their happy hour specials - super savings!I really liked the specialty drinks and the sushi rolls were super yummy. I judge a sushi restaurant based on the freshness of the sashimi and theirs was spot on.They also have tables set up around hibachi grills to do the fun dinner shows where they cook right in front of you. I'll have to do that next time I come
5	We found this place on groupon and fell in love. Jin the owner is very friendly and Chi the sushi chef makes great food. We like to try different things ever time we go and have never been disappointed. The wait staff is cute and funny.
5	Best sushi in the east valley. If your on ray u must try this place out. It's a sushi Korean fusion. Bomb!
4	I really enjoyed my meal here! The ingredients were fresh and the portions were generous.  They have a great happy hour deal if you can make it by 7pm.  It also has a very fun atmosphere/vibe, even though it is located in an unassuming strip mall.  However, I will agree with other reviewers that it is HOT inside because of all the grills.  Overall, the food was great, the prices were reasonable, and the service was spot on.
1	I had kalbi in this terrible place. In Korean restaurants, kalbi is served with rice, kimchi and other fermented vegetables. At I Sushi, it comes only with a rice and lettuce salad. Kalbi sauce wasn't very tasty nor flavorful. Beef was very hard to chew. Very small portion of beef for the price.Place is very empty, lacking any decor. No Japanese atmosphere around. Servers have tacky electronic badges. I will never come back.
5	The Las Vegas roll was by far the best sushi I've ever had. The service was perfect with a great family feel.
4	Lots of good food when I went for lunch. Fast and the sushi was good.
4	Fantastic sushi placed tucked away in a little strip mall I. Chandler! We went soley because we had a groupon and were pretty happy. Cute and casual atmosphere, very quiet. Had normal tables, sushi bar, and habbachi grill. Happy hour prices were fantastic! We got 2 speciality rolls And a baked roll. Delicious! The service was a little slow but she was apologetic and kind about it, and clearly the only server at the time. Overall good experience, we will be back!
5	It may not be as flashy as RA, but their sushi is definitely better. Clean, comfortable, and delicious.
4	I have eaten here quite a bit and the food is very good and today was no exception.   They have a new option of having black rice instead of white rice in the sushi rolls as a healthy alternative--a nice surprise.  The service, as usual, was very good.  There are lots of choices in town when it comes to sushi but this one is always on the top of my list.  Next time, I plan to try the teppanyaki.  I also liked the fact that you could view the food being made on one of the many TVs mounted throughout the place. The bf had a noodle bowl -- not my cup of tea but he seemed to like it and followed it by a chocolate ice cream chaser with whipped cream on top.
5	In this Valley of the Sun where there is no shortage of sushi restaurants to try, I Sushi and Teppan really distinguishes itself. It is a Korean Sushi fusion. We came here with a Living Social deal, and so glad we did.  I will definitely return. Some highlights:The staff are super friendly and present. They have electronic name tags. Our server was Aurora. She was very attentive. And informational. She suggested we try "black rice" on some of our rolls,  which we did and it was so yummy. Turns out black rice (which is actually purply in color) is considered a super food. We also ordered the Bull Roll. So delish! They top the roll with Korean beef and wrap it in foil, set roll in dish with vodka around it which they light on fire and the flames surround the outside of foil and heat the roll to delicious perfection. We ordered several other rolls which were tasty. The wasabi is a little weak. I like it strong. I will definitely be back here. I thought the prices were average and appropriate for the quality.  I can't wait to go back!
3	1. The menu is limited: everything is "crab mix..."2. The alarm system beeps, which can be heard in the main dining area.  3. The bathroom is clean!4. The sashimi is pricey considering its in a strip mall. I haven't gotten use to the overpriced sushi in AZ. I'm from California, and I wouldn't pay these prices at the RA in Chino Hills. (For the record, I think RA is the Chili's/Applebee's of sushi) I understand the markup will increase due to AZ being landlocked, but sheesh. Anyway...the food is decent. Nothing to write home about. The RA on the other end of Ray Road is better. The server was friendly. He immediately offered me a drink. I don't know whether to be offended or not, haha!
1	Their chefs walked out one day and it hasn't been the same since.  This was one of the two places we would go for sushi.  We use to go here almost every other week.  It's not the same.  We now enjoy Sakana.
1	Wow really tough night tonight. We are a big fan but not tonight. The Teppan was not very good tonight  and the service was terrible. They dropped our food and forgot our sushi order and gave us no discount or accountability.
5	I got a Groupon deal to try this place. The best sushi ever! Great atmosphere,  and great staff. You will love this place!
5	Let me just say the sushi here was delicious. The yellow roll was one of my favorites with avocado and shrimp tempura topped with seared yellow tail then drizzled with a chipotle mayo this is not to mention the other selections of great sushi..... plus the service was excellent, our waitress was very knowledgeable and answered all questions we had. Mmmm definitely going back makes my mouth water just thinking about the food!
5	I took my wife for happy hour tonight, and tried to start her on sushi some. She has tried it a few times, but not yet become a fan. I think this place may have changed her opinion, and made her a fan. Next time she wants to try a couple rolls, instead of teriyaki chicken. I had a spicy tuna roll, and a dragon roll that were both on happy hour for cheap. They were both fantastic. They offer black rice with their sushi, and it was EXCELLENT! I tried an order of Sashimi, which was a little small for the price, but the quality was excellent. I also failed to tip the sushi chef first, which may have been the issue.  I will go back, and since my wife liked it that will make it easier. If they can get her hooked on Sushi I would be indebted to them. I want to try their Poke salad, and a few of their other rolls next. The happy hour here is hard to beat. Give them a try.
5	Great service! Prices were reasonable and the staff were super friendly! We will definitely go again :)
5	We just went here for the first time on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, with a groupon. The prices were very reasonable. Our server was attentive and we didn't have to wait for anything. We got 3 different rolls, and they were all fantastic. We finished our meal off with the green tea tempura ice cream. Upon finishing our meal, the sushi chef asked us if we enjoyed everything, which is always a nice touch. My husband and I are excited to go back; they also have great happy hour specials!!
1	Just bought a groupon showed up at the location to use - thru are no longer doing teppan at the tables. They have changed it to all you can eat Korean there.   Glad I was able to cancel my groupon :)
4	My wife and I went back for our 2nd visit at Happy Hour again today. My wife is starting to explore sushi some. After our first visit she told me she wanted to go back and just have sushi, instead of the teriyaki chicken she normally gets. I started her with a Seaweed salad, which she loved. I had a bowl of Poke, which was just average as Poke goes. There was little to no sauce on the Poke, and the bottom of the bowl was filled with rice noodles that were literally 2 to 3 feet long. I stretched a few out above my head trying to separate them. This made it almost impossible to eat with chop sticks. There was a decent amount of tuna, and it also had seaweed and cucumber pieces in it. Not all that great as Poke goes. Next we had a few pieces of sushi to start. Those you can see in the pictures I added. I was not very impressed with the sushi. After tipping the sushi chef a 5 spot before we started I though the sushi would be better this time. I think it depends on who is working the sushi bar. The pieces were very thin, but I do like their black rice. It seems less starchy. I'm not sure the young sushi chef even noticed my tip, since he was busy texting on his phone. It was the only tip in the jar above his station though, and we were one of two tables in the place with nobody at the bar. For the next  round we had a spicy tuna roll, a becca roll, and a dragon roll. These are all happy hour items, and they were very good for the price. My wife even decided she like ell now after eating a few pieces of the dragon roll.                                                                 The service was very good, and overall the experience was positive. My wife and I both liked the camera that shows them making your sushi on the big screen above.  We will be back again. I do have to thank them for helping me get my wife started on the journey of sushi. Next time I will try a few more things that are not happy hour items. That way I can see if they make those things a little better, since they're full price items. I think I'll come later in the evening as well, because that seems to be when the Owner or Manager shows up behind the Sushi Bar.
5	First All-You-Can-Eat Korean BBQ restaurant I've eaten at in Arizona. Stayed for several hours and ate a few pounds of pork belly, pork shoulder, bulgogi, spicy chicken, spicy pork, and beef short ribs. They also had some delicious yogurt soju and mochi. Will definitely come here again.
5	The selection of sushi is AMAZING. We tried a few different rolls and lived them all. The server was so friendly and explained to is what was good and if we liked certain styles what would be best to order. This place is great and I would highly recommend it. I have seen them on groupon as well but with or with out it I'm there.
4	First time trying this place last night and I loved it. Went around 6 and the place was completely empty, within 15 minutes it began to fill up so I must have gone at the perfect time. They have great and inexpensive happy hour deals, including food and drinks. The service was very fast, but it was odd because every dish came out separately. While you wait for your food you can watch the sushi chef make all the rolls fresh, something I've never seen before. I tried the Vegas roll that was full of flavor and lightly fried. I also had the Arizona roll and it was kind of hot, but I really liked it. I was disappointed by the choices of flavored sake, but went with the pomegranate and really enjoyed the flavor. Overall, this place was fantastic and has delicious sushi!
2	For what we had there -  all you can eat Korean BBQ - the food was very mediocre. For the casual consumer of Asian cuisine in the States, this place will be sufficient in giving insight into Korean BBQ. However, if you are more familiar with the flavors and selection that ordering "Korean BBQ" provides, then you will be met with great disappointment ordering this at this establishment. We ordered at least one round of every meat available (Bulgogi, beef brisket, pork shoulder, pork belly, spicy chicken, spicy pork). The only acceptable tasting meat was the Bulgogi. Everything else was a struggle to finish, and not because we were not hungry. The pork shoulder and belly were presented cut too thick for a traditional k-BBQ presentation. The spicy marinade for the chicken and pork was very bland. The brisket was also too tough to even cut with the cheap cutlery provided. The two possibilities here are that either 1) the cook simply over cooked everything to a complete crisp (we were not allowed to cook the meat on the teppan grill ourselves) or 2) the meat was purchased from the Fry's next door and literally taken out of the freezer and thrown onto the grill without marinade (and then still over cooked). I'm leaning towards the latter. Even with the bulgogi, the marinade tasted like it was not prepared fresh; it tasted like the pre prepared marinade available for purchase at the local Asian supermarket. Oh, and frustratingly, you are slapped with a long list of rules to follow (I e two hour limit, no leftovers or you pay $15, etc) while they try to stuff you with "free salad" and a pathetic excuse for a kimchi pancake before slowly and begrudgingly bringing the meat out. Honestly for the price of $21+ per person, with the flavors and quality of the meat, this is not worth it. In fact as I write this review, I'm inclined to say even for the casual consumer this place is not worth it for korean BBQ.Again, I write commenting only on their all you can eat BBQ, without having tried their sushi or anything else. For good korean BBQ in Arizona, try Takamatsu.
5	Fantastic sushi! The cut rolls look amazing (especially the Dragon roll). I have a few friends that live nearby and we all love going here. I've heard their Korean BBQ is amazing...But I haven't tried it yet. Soon.
