4	We started eating before we were at our table.  We helped ourselves to the roasted peanuts that seem to be everywhere in this restaurant.  The peanuts are roasted just right and have just enough saltiness.When we were seated we were brought some hot rolls fresh out of the oven.  They were so hot and fresh that we could barely pick them up.  They were served with room temperature butter - perfect for spreading - that had been mixed with a touch of cinnamon-sugar and I enjoyed 2 of these rolls.I next got a salad as one of my side dish choices.  I chose a Caesar salad.  They put out a rather nice Caesar salad.  I found the dressing to be flavorful but not overwhelming with fishiness as some Caesar dressing can be.I ordered a Blue Moon ale which they have on tap.  It is a nice, full bodied lager which I found quite satisfying.The main course arrived and I enjoyed my second side item, baked beans.  They were somewhat heavy on BBQ sauce but made with hearty beans and plenty of chunks of flavorful pork.Oh, they also brought out a slab of ribs, about 16 bones.  I ate one.It was tender and delicious.  I'll eat the rest of the ribs tomorrow.
5	This is one of the best chain restaraunts you can go to here.  My kids absolutely love this place for the atmosphere, peanuts, and those warm rolls with cinna-butter they bring to your table as your seated.Staff here is always pleasant, and attentive.  The ribs here are pretty good and it is usually all I order when we go, went last night and decided to try something different.  I went with the sirloin tips served over sauteed mushrooms and onions. WOW!!!!  Absolutely delicious, much better than the ribs!!!  And for what you get, the pricing is right.  Portions are big and very satisfying.We just enjoy this place, great for families!
5	This is our favorite place for dinner now.  The best thing is being able to call ahead to be put on the wait list, by the time you drive there you can get seated almost right away, while others sit and wait.  Excellent food, good service, great pricing for what you get ;)
4	This place is another Logans. It's a family restaurant with zero atmosphere and about an inauthentic as a 'Roadhouse' can be. The staff are highschoolers who are polite one on one but passing a cluster of wait staff makes you feel like you are an extra in a teen flick. So why give it 4 stars? The steak. I had an 11 ounce sirloin medium rare and while it wasn't Flemmings it was better than Logans, Outback and almost as good as The Keg for a third of the price. It was cooked PERFECTLY, thick, juicy and flavorful.The side of green beens left a lot to be desired and the fries were just OK but I will be back for that steak for sure.
3	I wanted a steak last Friday. Our first choice (The Keg) had a 45 minute wait and I have no patients so we headed to Texas Roadhouse instead. We had been there a handful of times before and liked it enough to go back. There was a 15 minute wait that turned out to be a 5 minute wait (score!) When we got in, the place was packed with the usual mishmash of people. All the way from seniors to babies and their parents, very much a family restaurant. I ended up getting a 16oz sirloin medium rare, with mashed potatoes and gravy. The steak came out and it was MASSIVE, cooked perfectly and the best steak I had in a very long time. I meant to ask if they put butter over the top of it but it slipped my mind. it looked like the did not. The beef was tender and was amazing. The potatoes were good as well but a ton of gravy was put on, too much in fact but I wasn't there for them, I was there for the steak!As a side note, I also had a ceaser salad that was good but the croutons were amazing. I wanted to ask where they got them but I was mesmerized on the steak and forgot to do that as well!
5	I'm not a fan of chains. I far prefer to find, and give my business to, new and interesting local fare. That said, there are a couple of chains I like and one is Texas Roadhouse.Texas Roadhouse does two things really well: steak and portions. I can go to a Texas Roadhouse anywhere and get a well-made ribeye at a very reasonable price. It made not be "fork tender" or the same quality as a $50 ribeye, but it'll only cost me $18 and I know it will be far superior to any other, more expensive, chain steakhouse. But before I get that steak, I'll get peanuts, bread, salad, and sides. So I'll likely have half a steak for lunch the next day.Like I said, well made steak and portions. I'm good with that.
5	Yes yes yes. Seriously yes. I would definitely recommend you try this place out. Only. Before you leave your house, call them and get a spot in line. I have called in 3 times now (on weekends) and each time I wait less than 30 seconds before I am seated (it is a 15 minute drive to get there however).When you are walking to your table (not a waiter but the hostess) will grab hot rolls for your party. Having something to munch on before someone even takes your drink orders? This place has got me interested. They even have got peanuts waiting for you if you don't want a roll. Food? Fantastic. I have tried several dishes there just to explore the menu. Only one I didn't really enjoy was the Chicken Tenders. Other than that, I got no complaints. Never been to Texas Roadhouse? Go on a Friday night (call ahead). Then mention it to your server that you have never been. I snagged some free appetizer coupons from the manager. You can bet that got my wife hooked. We love heading over to Texas Roadhouse.
5	If you plan on dining here on a weekend night call and get a place in line.  That said this is one of my most favorite restaurants for the best steaks ever.  My young daughters love the food and the great atmosphere!  Don't miss this restaurant if you're looking for a kick back, casual restaurant that has supreme steaks!
1	Went back again since the last time I was there the steak was so good. We were seated as we walked in the door, asked if we had been there before and since this was the newest of several visits, I thought I knew what I was expecting that is until we ordered drinks. We both ordered a beer and were promptly asked for our ID. Now I have no hair on my head (not by choice) and look a ton older than 21 (I'm 34). I didn't have my id with me. The waitress said let me go check with my manager. After a minute or so the manager comes over and informs us she cannot serve me alcohol because I have no id. I told her about the money she would be losing tonite since I am obviously older than 21 at which point she said "this is the sound of my heart breaking" in the most you've mistaken me for someone who cares attitude.  What the sound actually was, was the sound of money leaving her restaurant and never returning. Had she simply explained why they couldn't, no problem. No need to be condescending about it. Due to her attitude, we left and found someplace else to eat and will never be back to the Texas roadhouse.
4	Thanks to Yelp, I called ahead and got my name on the waiting list.  We arrived and it appeared to be at least a 1/2 hour wait.  I went up and checked in and we were seated within 1 minute.  Fantastic service from start to finish.  Great for the kids, including a balloon guy.  The manager even came over and said the appetizer was on the house since it was out first visit.  I had the ribs and my wife had a steak. A lot of food, very affordable prices and great service equals 4 stars.
5	Best place in town From eating ribs and the yummy fresh bread and the country music blaring. I went there for my 30th birthday.Amber
4	I think they have some of the best Ribs I have ever ate...  Also it is a fun place to have dinner dates.
5	This Gilbert, AZ. Texas Roadhouse is by far one of the better restaurants in the chain..not that there are many bad ones. We had been traveling from California a couple times a month to visit family and we made it a point to go to this location 3961 South Gilbert Rd. It takes us 30 minutes to get there from our hotel. We pass another Texas Roadhouse, the Mesa location  (which I would not recommend)  on the way to the Gilbert Rd location. Our server last night was Kelly. What a joy she was. Kelly had everything timed perfect between our drinks, the Rattlesnake Bites, the salads, main meal and dessert. Of course the filet and sirloin just melt in your mouth. I wish that we could get a Texas Roadhouse in Southern California.. I know a lot of people that would very happy, especially if it is like this one in Gilbert!  It is obvious that the employee's at this location enjoy their job and want to be there. Thank you Texas Roadhouse.It is a NON smoking restaurant...a Big plus. I do wish that the ash trays were a little bit farther away from the door. But over all it is great!!
1	I ate there last week and the rib eye steak was not good.  I asked for medium rare and I got a medium rare.  When I was in the middle of eating it i can taste a weird taste.  I flipped over my steak and my steak was all burnt.  I have never tasted a medium rare steak that was burnt on one side.  :(  I could not finish this steak.  I felt bad sending it back or telling the waitress I didnt want the steak.  Felt someone in the kitchen might rebel and spit or do something to my food next time around.  I come from Texas and have eaten many times at Texas Roadhouse.  This was the first time I was dissappointed in Texas Roadhouse.
4	Our entire family loves this place!  From the food to the service... we happily recommend Texas Roadhouse!
4	Since this is a chain restaurant I'll make this quick:Atmosphere: Family Friendly, Loud Cowboy, Honky Tonk-ishService: Hit or Miss (depending on the server)Food: I've been here at least 3 times and I've never had anything I didn't like. Very versatile menu, everything from steak, fish, shrimp, chicken and ribs. Complimentary rolls are delicious. I highly recommend getting your potatoes stuffed. Value: Food is fairly priced, be prepared to spend $15 to 25 per person.
3	You really can't go wrong for the price but its not high end either.  Ribs & Sirloin usually pretty good.
2	Ok so I get the peanut thing, wood accented atmosphere, good service (although rather "in your face" at times) and the packed dining room / bar even on a Thursday night. What I don't get is the awful food. This was my FIRST (and last) visit into this franchise restaurant. How they convinced franchisees and the general public to invest and vote with hard earned dollars is beyond me.I took my friends 11 year old there after he played in a b'ball game and after looking at the menu and pricing decided to split the rib eye special $19.99. I got the fried pickle appetizer as well and was sorely disappointed in the batter and both of the "dipping sauces" (watery ranch and thousand island? I really couldn't tell).  Even a franchise like H***ers makes them WAY better......wow.On to the main course. The baked potato with butter and cream cheese was overcooked or something? I have never had a potato that seemed to have been soaked in some type of brine and then baked? Kind of par boiled or something. Anyway the color was greyish and the taste like that of a fishy sea salt.Moving to the broccoli i was greeted by a palor yellow looking presentation. I couldn't tell if it was cheesy cauliflower or ? Wow the taste was again that of something really overcooked or under matured...YICKThe last chance at redemption came with the medium well rib eye. Good sized portion and easily split between the two of us 20oz. Good wholesome beefy taste and great texture only to be squallored  by a heavy Saltiness....not sure where this was picked up from but maybe by hanging out too close to the potato? I really am normally an amicable restaurant patron but after forking over $46 including tip for two to split some food and getting served what we did ...well you get my drift.Signed, NeverToStepFoot-InsideTheRoadhouseAgain
2	This place is hit and miss. The food and service were great the first few times we went. Past two experiences have been annoying to say the least. When you order a rare steak you don't expect to get it well /md well done. Not sure if we will go back, but if so I hope it better than our last experience.
4	Their Chicken Critter Salad's got game. More portion of chicken than any other chicken salad I've ordered elsewhere.  They have other great entrees, but this cowpoke likes his critters
1	Simple and plain don't waste your time or money...
2	visited on  5/4/2012 .The 2 stars are because we did call ahead seating and when we arrived they didn't have our confirmation number but the girl remembered my name. Was told it would be about 15 minutes but was seated in about 5. Was given a table for 4 with a party of 5. Don't know about everyone  else but the table gets very crowded with 5 people sitting at a table for 4 with a  5th person at the end. Can't move at all no room for your food. Asked about a differant table and was told we'd have to wait 25 minutes .., really? We told you half hour in advance we had a party of 5. Was not happy this time around.
4	Possibly the busiest restaurant Ill ever wait to go. Almost an hour wait on Saturday and Friday night.Call ahead really helps cut the wait down. Do it.After the wait you are greeted with warm dinner rolls with honey butter. I sometimes go just for this.Steaks are very affordable and hav above average quality for the money. Last time I loaded up the potatos but seemed worthless for a scoop of sour cream and a sprinkle of cheese. Service is spotty at times but throwing peanuts on the floor will keep you busy.
3	Ok... this place isn't where you want to take your date for a romantic dinner. It's loud, it's busy, it's very kid-friendly, and the floor is littered with peanut shells.   Our server was incredible and that tends to set the tone for me. She was quick with our refills and kept the bread and cinnamon butter coming.   I ordered the bone-in ribeye and my husband ordered ribs. We also ordered the Cactus Blossom appetizer.    My steak was cooked to perfection and I felt that aside from the lack luster side dishes, it was worth the money. My husband's ribs were good, but on the dry side. The appetizer was delicious! The apple pie we ordered for dessert was ok. It came with this weird caramel topping stuff that had the consistency of mucus. Not very appetizing.    I didn't show up expecting a Ruth's Chris experience. But I was happy with the place as a whole. I probably wouldn't go again on a weekend, but I could see coming here again with my family.
1	This is not my first time here.  It's kinda cool that they have all-you-can-eat peanuts.  And their bread rolls are really good.  The rest of their food is just average.  Not great, not bad.  I'd probably give 3 stars for the food.  Maybe 2.5 stars (if Yelp allowed).But they are inconsistent.  This time was particularly bad.This is the second time we have walked out of here. We sit for a half hour and don't get water or menus.  I ask for them, receive many apologies, and then the server disappears after bringing them.  He did come back after about 60 seconds to see if we had decided, and then was gone for at least 15-20 minutes before I got up and left.  That's right.  Sitting at that table for nearly an hour and getting only water and menus (after asking for them), and never getting even to submit our order.Never again. Food was always average, but service was either very good or very bad.  This time very (very) bad.  The food certainly isn't good enough to tolerate that.At least I got some peanuts, otherwise I would have been getting a headache from hunger.
2	VETERAN'S DAY 2012 - I heard from a friend that the restaurant was offering a special for Veteran's Day, so I decided to take my family in, and celebrate my daughter's 10th birthday in conjunction with the holiday... we went out of our way to go here, in light of the myriad of restaurant specials available from other establishments on the holiday.... We arrived at 6:00PM (despite the holiday, I had to work all day). Prior to being seated I inquired about the Veteran's Day specials and I was bluntly told, by a person in authority, that the restaurant was 'NOT IN THE BUSINESS OF GIVING FREE MEALS AWAY.' ... and that their Veteran's Day specials had ended at 4:00PM... I was also told that the restaurant had gone out of their way to open early for the holiday, which implied that as an Armed Forces Veteran, I was an imposition... the supervisor offered me a 10% discount as a baseless, contrary aside... I never got any discount, by the way.I was quite frank in expressing my position that I did not expect a 'free meal',' nor did I appreciate the condescending tone of the remark . To be clear: I did not ask for a free meal; I inquired about the specials that they had promoted to honor my military service, and I was promptly rebuked. To the serving staff's credit, they recognized my daughter's birthday in a thoughtful and appropriate fashion. The food was good, and consistent with countless previous visits.I am a longtime fan of the chain, but in light of this experience, I am inclined to more carefully consider my dining-out choices. Based on the representation of the supervisor I spoke with, I am firmly of the opinion that the 'Veteran's Day'  promotion they offered was a shallow, indifferent, and insincere ploy to get business on the holiday, and not an earnest offering in appreciation of my, or any other Veteran's, sacrifices on this occasion.I am a Veteran. I don't need a free meal, or a discount: a simple 'Thanks' will do.
3	Friendly staff and good food. I had a burger, which was decently priced and fairly tasty. While this place was all right, it's definitely nothing to write home about. Maybe next time I'll try a steak and see how that is.
5	I had a fantastic experience at this Texas Roadhouse! Our server, Justine, was awesome. She was extremely friendly and a great server. My steak was juicy and very tender.
2	We had dinner there for my husband's birthday last week.  This is at least the third time we have been there that I was unable to get a prime rib rare or med. rare.  How can a steak joint not have rare prime rib before 6pm on a Wed?  Waitress didn't have to check, she knew they were out.  I ordered chicken fried steak instead and it was so salty I couldn't even eat half of it.  They tout themselves as a steak place, but don't seem to know how to actually cook steaks. Service was slow, and if I have my way we won't be back.
3	No matter what, the rolls and honey butter are 2nd to none.  Also, I don't think I've ever had a bad salad here.  Unfortunately, that's where the goodness ends.  The steak was dry and lacked seasoning, and our service was lackluster.  I don't mind the country music, but the shouting / screaming / dancing for someone's birthday just needs to stop - and I don't just mean here.
5	amazing food, fast carryout! we love it!
5	great service, very good food.
5	Great service and the early dinner prices are great for tighter budgets! Best bread rolls and butter ever!
5	I love the tx rdhouse we have been eating at this location for years. We live in the foothills and even drive to pick up carry out its fantastic. I love all their food I have had there. My bf and I get a tx sized combo each time we go the steak, chicken, ribs and pulled pork are great. I didn't like the pulled pork one time years ago I remember. A couple times my steak was over cooked but it was still really good so I can't really complain about that I'm not that picky but I enjoy the seasoning. I love the chili, and steak fries the most. I never do salads out here they don't do French in WV they have an excellent French non creamy dressing if they did have it here I'd get the salads. The rolls are really great I can't stand the ppl that throw the nuts on the floor enough said.
5	I really enjoy dining here. I feel that they always have fast service ( I think we may have waited for a table once in all the times we have been there) they bring the delicious rolls to you as they seat you, which I find particularly nice. The servers have all been very professional and polite. My favorite thing to order here is hand down their ribs, they are super meaty  and  have such great flavor.. all of their food are in such big servings often my husband and I just share and order an extra side. Overall this is my go to place for ribs and I can always count on quick and polite service!!
1	At six o'clock, we called to be put on the wait list to be seated by 7. We were told that that was fine but once we showed up, we were told that we had to wait 30-45 minutes for a table. They should have told us that they were unable to do that since we drove pretty far...
4	Best service at the Gilbert/Germann intersection!  We go here all the time cuz we know the food and it's always good and the service is AWESOME.  Never have any problems.  Managers always come greet you and everyone is friendly.  They probably know us by now we come there so much, but always ask if we've been there before :D  Sweet tea's always cold, food's always hot and cooked right. Go for the Early Dine and everything is way cheaper!
4	I'm a fan. Love the peanuts that you can throw on the floor. Good menu choices. I always get the steak, but last time I got the chicken critters. SO much food and they were delicious :-) Had lunch for the next two days with my left overs. Husband got the pulled pork sandwich which he also enjoyed. Will return for more... :)
3	Man that bread is SO good. I can eat a few baskets of it with the butter they offer. That's where the excitement ends though. I order a hamburger here and usually it is decent but nothing special. The staff is usually friendly but this place is pretty average to me. The prices are in line with similar places such as Chilis and Applebee's. I will still come here, but it's never really a memorable experience.
2	If you've been to Logan's Roadhouse, you've been here.  The similarity is uncanny, right down to the peanut buckets and birthday ya-hoo's.  The service was good, the only drawback was the food.  I had the smokehouse burger, and it has the distinction of being the single worst restaurant burger that I have ever had.  It had everything - meat cooked well beyond what I ordered, enough salt to bring you to tears (salty, salty tears), and bread so hard it could safely do time in county.  My wife enjoyed her steak, so I'll tack an extra star on for that.
3	Service is great at this location, food is a 50/50 shot some times. I have gone several times and it just depends on the day if your food is good or if its just "eh" I will say the management here was good they ruined our anniversary dinner, I reached out and complained due to the problems we had and they bought us dinner and it was great. I will go back but my expectations on the food are a crap shoot on quality. The main issue is the consistency with the food over and under cooking the meat is the biggest problem.
5	Some chain restaurants get a bad rap, but having gone to Texas Roadhouse at least 30 times in the last 3-4 years, I can honestly say I am almost always very satisfied.This place stays BUSY! Expect to wait for a table. When you are seated, the greeter brings fresh (and I mean FRESH!!) baked bread with her. The butter is a soft whipped butter with cinnamon and let's just say I could eat the bread and butter alone all day, every day... Super good!The servers usually approach the table within a minute or two to start you off with a drink or appetizer. In most cases, they follow up at appropriate times to take your order, explain the menu, and answer questions.I have never once had to wait long for my salad (very basic iceberg lettuce with cheese, croutons, tomato, etc) and I have mine with their delicious honey mustard dressing. I also have never had to wait for my entree. In fact, it's not uncommon to receive it while working on the end of my salad. I usually have the filet mignon and only once out of all the times I've had it has it not been cooked properly. It is almost always seasoned perfectly and is tender and juicy. They simply do steaks well in my opinion. Even if they aren't using the highest cuts, their steaks are still tasty and very reasonably priced. Having said that, I honestly don't know what level of cuts of meat they serve. The service is almost always excellent. I don't think the servers get more than 4 tables at a time, which allows them to give each table all of the attention they deserve. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Texas Roadhouse to anyone. Oh, I almost forgot. I don't care at all for any kind of shellfish but the last time I was there on a date, she had a shrimp dish. The shrimp were on a skewer and I tried one. Holy moly it was delicious! I did have their ribs once which I did not care much for. I think I'll stick with Lucille's at Tempe Market Place for ribs but have otherwise always been happy at this restaurant.
1	The competency of the staff was severely lacking. The first pinhead who spoke to my party, when we walked in, was ignorant of the procedures to handle a party greater than four. After a manager assisted in writing our name down, she informed us that we were to be seated. After a score and half minutes passed, we were still not seated. She then informed us that we were waiting for a family to finish before we could eat. While we continued to wait, the manager had the stroke of genius to announce out loud that the kitchen was to stop production of food. She herself, was the alpha of the chimpanzees. Eventually we had the bright idea to leave and go to Paradise Bakery across the street, an equally poor experience.
3	Lately, the food has been hit or miss. Tonight we had some really bad service and the situation was not helped by the manager. I understand that everyone has a bad night, but the customer should not suffer! At least our food was good tonight.
2	Sometimes you just want to go out and have a steak.  We don't eat out a lot, so when we do, I want it to be good and worth the money.  We got there, and had to wait a few minutes for a table.  Not a problem.The hostess that took us to the table was friendly and brought the warm basket of rolls with her.  She smiled a lot and was very nice.The waitress gave us good service.  Can't really fault her for that.My hubby and I both ordered a sirloin.  the waitress said it was one of their most popular things.  Both of us ordered medium.  We both found the steak dry and mealy.  I guess that is what you get for 12$.  We also got the onion appetizer, which was very salty and seemed to have been ready to go before we ordered it.We got baked potatoes, loaded, which were tasty.  But why does loaded cost extra? Is the menu price for a dry potato?  It does not say on the menu what you are getting with it.  And the steak, we both got fried mushrooms (more$) and my husband got onions (more$) that were not really even fried.  Still white.Overall, the bill came to 45$.  That is a lot of little add-ons.  We had iced tea for drinks. Just disappointing that you go to a place that prides themselves on their hand-cut steaks, and these were that bad.  And all the little things they add on....... just too much.  Next time, I'll just go somewhere that is a little more pricey and has a better steak.Oh, and the busboy clearing tables around us was clearing like a petulant child who was being punished.  Made things a little noisy, even over the loud country music.If he doesn't "heart" his job, like his shirt said, maybe he should stay home.
1	Recently went here for my daughters Birthday. We called ahead to tell them we had a big party in which they told us they could accommodate. Well, this is where it all went bad. They have no room for a big party, wish they would have made that clear up front. When I asked to be put in a spot in which would have made sense they told me it was reserved. They stuck 13 of us in two booths that seat maybe 6 per table. and when a couple more showed up and they still could care less.. As far as the Management goes, we spent over three hundred dollars and he never once came by to see how things where going. He just didn't care. By the way. the area I asked for was never seated except for one small table. Very poor customer service. Only thing I can say was good was our waiter, he knew we were not happy but did his best to take care of us. I give him 5 stars, and the manager a big zero. I called corporate the next day, was told they would investigate and call me back. They never did. Beware of a establishment that cares less about its customers.
3	I have been to this location of Texas Roadhouse a couple of times. It has been okay. Not bad, not great. We arrived here pretty late the other night around 9:10 and they closed at 9:30. We asked the hostess if they were still seating for dinner service and she said yes, very kindly. Another young guy on our way back, who was not dressed as if he worked there, yelled back at her as we were being seated "I thought we were closing - what the hell?!?" I am figuring that this was her boyfriend or someone waiting for her to get off of work. Either way, it was rude. She tried to ignore him but I could tell it bothered her as well and she could not do anything about it, not her fault, he is clearly and idiot.We were seated in the bar area and we were greeted right away. The rolls were a little cold but it was after 9pm so I will give them a little leeway on that. They still tasted good. I ordered a 6oz sirloin and my mom had the same. I ordered mine medium rare and she had her's medium well. My steak came out pretty overcooked but still edible. I have had better here in the past. Overall just okay. I also had a cherry limeade with my meal which was delicious. I highly recommend these, especially with a shot of vodka.Overall my visits here have been okay in general. It is a good place for a decent steak at a low price. The ribs are also good. Have not yet tried a burger. I might be back.
2	Came here on a Sunday for my moms birthday. Party of 11 total reserved for 3:30pm. They would not seat us until everyone was there. We were running about 10 minutes late. But they got us a spot way back in a corner booth with a table. Not a lot of room but we dealt with it.Our waitress who was amazing and very accommodating especially since she was 9 months pregnant and 1 day over due! The hot rolls were phenonminal even though we didnt have all our silverware to butter the rolls. Eventually got what we needed. Since we didnt have much room we were trying to get plates and the peanut buckets cleared off the table. Our pregnant waitress was doing her best to take care of that.....meanwhile there are 3 young busboys standing a few feet away BS'ing with each other while she is running her butt off which happened throughout the whole meal!!! My husband made several comments but she just acted like this was the norm and carried on. Finally at the end my hubby spoke up ( loudly) and told them to come over and help clear the table!! They jumped right to it. That is poor managing in my opinion. It was funny because the manager told us to take it easy on our waitress ( jokingly) because she was 1 day overdue. Well he should of told that to the bussers that were just standing there!!!!We probably won't be back again. I gave two stars for the rolls and our server. We will not go back there again.
4	We've been a number of times and service has always been great. Unfortunately the only thing we've tried are the ribs because they are fantastic. Great place!
3	It's never that good here, and it's never that bad. The bread that they give you with the cinnamon butter was not the same like it usually is the last time I went, so I was pretty sad. Service is prompt but the blandness of the food gives it 3/5 stars
1	Very very Dissatisfied. 2 days ago we ordered Takeout. 2-8oz Sirloin and 1-11oz Sirloin. Both 8oz Medium and the 11oz Medium Rare with all 3 getting Loaded. As I pay for our meal the Hostess or whomever kept Staring at me. I was on a phone call and asked the person Do I tip for carry out?  There was 2 other carry outs before me. The girl brought their bags out and handed it to them. She brings mine out and pulls me to the side she takes every bit of mine out of the bag spilling the salad. So she takes it to the back and brings me back the same container. You could tell because of the way the styrofoam was crunched. Ok now I get home and mind you it's 9pm. The 2-8oz steaks was so raw and the 11oz was dry and cooked well done. I called and spoke to the Manager Jestine(I believe). Rude as Hell.  Said I could pick up the same that night. It was way to late. So we asked about the next day. She advised no said she had no authority. But could mail us a certificate. We all know that will never happen. It's a dam shame I paid in cash. After a while if being very rude my boyfriend took the phone and she was ruder but said she would have Mike call us yesterday. No response. I called twice and got no where. I called today and OMG she was ruder saying she told us Mike had a Cater to serve. First off No she didn't. But you can argue that on the phone. But what I can argue, all of our phone calls are recorded. Thinking on sending the call to the Corporate Office. When we pay that much and FYI- we paid all the extras for Loaded potatoes. Wrong, they was plain and Very  Very Dry!!!  Yikes, it's making me give a star. I guess I will give that for the peanuts as we didn't get any rolls. Maybe because they was closing at 9:30 and I was there at 845
2	So we usually love texas road house (stapley location) but we came to this one because we were in area. It started ok because we went on a Friday night which usually means long wait times but they had us seated in about ten minutes. Then when our server came thats when it started to go down hill she really didnt engage us it was just what do you want and I will get it attitude. Well we all ordered and my father was with us he ordered the half chicken they came back 5-10 minutes later to tell him they did not have any chickens so on a friday night how do you run out of something? it was not even late we ordered around 7:00, so then my dad asked to order a burger cooked medium she said that she couldnt do that its against company policy I am sorry but you are a steak house you cook steaks "rare" and you just told him his first choice he cannot have and now he cannot have his burger cooked how he enjoys? The food came and wasnt the best we have ad there my wife couldnt finish her dish which was a bbq pork plate she may have eaten a 1/4 of it, if i were a server that would prompt me to aks if it was ok but no. I had the country fried sirloin the meat tasted ok but the gravy seemed to have maybe three times the normal salt put into it.Also when she served my baked sweet potato the plate seemed to be on fire she said it was warm no this plate was fricken hot and my hand stung the rest of the night. The server asked how the table was once we didnt answer and she moved on.so yes I will not be going to this location for a while
4	This location has gotten much better lately. They have the best balloon guy here. He does great balloon- items. Kids got a motorcycle and a helicopter today. The service has gotten much better. They are actually starting to remember to bring silverware instead of making the customers ask for it. The only thing that is better at other locations is that the rolls are usually overdone at this location, which is why I only gave 4 stars. Keep up the good work, Gilbert and Germann location. Just take the bread out a bit earlier so it doesn't overcook and this location would be a 5-star location
2	have to say the food was a huge disappointment... fried chicken was greasy,  and flattened boneless..  vodka tonic flat...
4	If you've read a few of my reviews you would know that I don't frequent or recommend many franchise restaurants. But Texas Roadhouse is one of the few. I've probably been to 8 different locations in 5 different states and the service has always been good, the steak cooked the way I ordered and the value excellent. And this location is no exception. Our server was great, food was tasty and well prepared and the call ahead seating made our wait, oh, about a minute!
4	From Las Vegas and each time we go to visit friends, My husband and I always manage to come and have dinner to this place. We enjoy it very well. The staff are very friendly. And food are awesome!
5	Great food, great staff, great service! They dance to country songs every now and then! Servers are super nice!
4	I stopped in here on impulse en route to Hobby Lobby and upon seeing it was 5:30 I realized I was in time for the early bird specials for $8.99.  I ordered the six-oz Sirloin with two sides.  This time I was aware in advance that when they ask you if you want toppings it costs extra even though they don't tell you about it.The green beans were probably saltier than is healthy and cooked in the "mushy" style, which I like fine, and had lots of good bacon pieces and flavor.  The Caesar salad couldn't have been much better, cold, crisp and crunchy with just the right amount of good dressing. The rolls are delicious but awfully sweet to blend with the meal, more like a dessert unto themselves, especially with the cinnamon butter.  I was impressed with the steak which was so thick it was almost an ovoid.  It was cooked more rare than medium rare but I like that fine, too.  The impressive part was how nicely the knife cut through it and how easy it was to chew.  I've gotten steaks twice in the last few months from Outback for a couple dollars more that were so tough you couldn't stab it with a fork, had to be a lumberjack to saw through it and it chewed like your grandmother's old shoe leather.   It was a real treat to eat this one and have it be the way a good steak should be.  I would come back easily, and hope I will sometime.  My only objection is that they constantly try to upsell you to drinks, appetizers, toppings, etc.  The waiter was very nice and efficient, I just don't want the times I have to say No, thank you to outnumber the times I say Yes, please.  It sets a tone of negativity in its own way.
5	Went yesterday and was great as always.  Very good service and great food.  Server kept checking on table, refilling drinks, etc.  Always a great experience here.  All the staff is friendly and welcoming to their establishment.
3	I've always loved this chain, but this particular location is super busy. The wait for a table is super long and they are always out of prime ribs by 7 on the weekend. How about make more for "night eaters"? I don't understand why they hired too many hostesses (3-4) in the front for when they never tells you the approximate waiting time correctly. I do expect to come in within 20 mins if you tell me that, not 40-50 mins.
3	It was ok!
4	While the food was good and the service attentive, the bill brought some rather unexpected surprises. Let's just say our server was Queen of the Upsell, but never mentioned the additional charge that came with each add-on. I don't expect to get something for nothing, but when she asks if I want some blue cheese crumbles on my salad, I would appreciate the disclaimer of the additional cost. Cheese and bacon on your potato? Extra. Onions and mushrooms on your steak? Cough up an extra few bucks. Make your house Margarita "hurricane style"? Bonus charge. Ask a kid if she wants marshmallows and cinnamon on her applesauce? Please tell Mom and Dad It'll cost them. Like I said, I don't expect something for nothing, but I would appreciate an honest approach in running up my tab in an attempt to inflate your tip. I left feeling a bit nicked and dimed to death. Diner beware.
4	Went out craving a salad, came here instead. The people are super nice from the get go. I got the shrimp skewers which were sooo good and SO spicy! The other food is alright, I took a couple bites of ribs. They weren't great. This is just your run of the mill steak chain restaurant, not to shabby not so great.
5	We took our kids here for my son's 13th birthday dinner.  There was a man making balloon figures, and made our son a birthday crown.  Also made the 5 yr. old a spiderman balloon.  Our waitress was nice and very attentive even though they were extremely busy.  Food was amazing!  They made the steaks perfectly and have the best cesar salad ever!  They make their own dressing, steak sauce, even croutons!!!  At the end of the night they made a shout out, announcing my son's birthday and let him sit on a saddle for a photo-op.  All-in-all, a great night and a fantastic meal!
1	I usually go to the one on power rd for wild west wedesday well since we were in the area we went to this one . well the wild west steak here is 8oz for 9.99 an at the one on power is 11oz for 9.99 I asked for the mgr whosaid she has no control over that i told her if we didnt have our drinks i would have left she asked if there was anything she could do Isaid yea give us the 11oz for 9.99 she said she didnt have the power i told her i would never come back to this one if thats the case she didnt seemed concerned never offered anything.I dont know why each location is different  also the mens urinal was backed up and the bathroom ws filthy and this was at 5:30 pm not like it was late at night I SUGGEST ANYONE WHO WANTS A 11 OZ GO TO THE TEXAS ROAD HOUSE IN GILBERT ON POWER RD .
1	Haven't had too many good experiences at this location. I've been going to Texas Roadhouse since I was a kid and it was always a good go to spot. Tonight was awful. We got put in the kids area with lots screening toddlers that should have been left home. I got what I always get the 8 oz sirloin. It takes 65 minutes from sit down(not to count wait) until I finally got my steak and immediately got a box. When they first brought it out it was a shriveled well done 6 oz rather than the med rare I asked for. The sweet potato was hard meaning undercooked. After they took back the first attempt the manager brought the second one(after a loooong time) and with a smug look asked if something was wrong with the first one. The waitress was trying but too much went wrong without apologies. Can't say I'll go here again, Longhorns have been popping up all over the valley and they do it right.
4	How can you not love the 24 ounce porterhouse steak the seasoned rice and the atmosphere here everything about this place says Texas and sports ..oh might I add the peanuts you eat and just eat messy..what's better than that come on in
5	Great food and perfect for birthdays. My daughter loved getting on the saddle for a yeehaw!!!  Highly recommend the steaks with onions and mushrooms. Peanuts are always fun too
2	The steak was burnt on the edges, the salad lacked freshness and the baked potatoe was a little salty. The service wasn't too bad.
4	Great customer service, very friendly. Steaks are good for a value & without the need to dress up. Mix drinks are very good. Not much to complain about - used to be busy all the time with long lines but lately it seems they've figured out how to move people through quicker.
