5	My first visit today and it was an excellent experience. I came in the late afternoon and there was no wait. I pulled up and was given 2 options, I opted for the $8 wash. I got the front tires of my car on the track and put it in neutral and the rest was automatic. 3 employees began wiping my car with microfiber mittens before thoroughly drying it after the blow drier was finished. It's a bonus that it's Arizona's first green car wash, pretty neat. I will certainly be back!
5	I love this place. We were looking for a place to clean our cars and stumbled upon it. It is a mix of hand washing and a machine, so it's very thorough. The prices are very affordable as well. $7 for the extra stuff and $5 for just a general wash. They also offer a $1 off discount to college students, which is always nice. It took less than 10 minutes, and my car looked great for weeks after. It's definitely the place to go when you are looking for a quick, thorough car wash. It doesn't hurt that the gentlemen that work here are really good looking too! :]
5	This place is my new go to car wash! I went there for the first time today as I just saw them a few days ago. There was no wait and I was immediately greeted by someone who ran through my options. I opted for the $8 one, which adds wax and a sealant. I also received an air freshener of my choice, and a punch card where I get a free $8 wash after you purchase 8!My car was guided onto the belt and then the rest was all automatic. A couple people immediately started to scrub my car with soap and a soft brush. As it went through, there were a few others that scrubbed everything by hand again. After the blow dryer finished, they hand dried it, and I was off. They also offer free vacuums, but I opted not to use them as it was 105 out, and the inside of my car wasn't that dirty. I went in with a bunch of bugs on my car, and left with none.Till today, I was using another automatic carwash that's on Priest, but this one is $2 cheaper (compared to their best wash), has better service, and you don't have to worry about a machine taking off part of your car or scratching it up. They also have a $10 lifetime membership that gets you $1 off of washes or $5 off of full details, which I'll be purchasing on my next trip!
5	Best automatic car wash I have ever had. Fair price. Discount for students too.
5	So glad this opened close to where I live. For $6 you get an automatic and hand car wash, plus the free vacuum and air freshener to boot. The staff is always very kind and I enjoy their business model. Hope they are here to stay!
4	New go to car wash for me as well.  Super friendly service and convenient weekday hours.  For a little extra, the staff was nice enough to vacuum the car for me and wipe down my leather seats.  My car is spotless now and for a price I was more than comfortable paying.
5	4 words: BEST CAR WASH EVER! Seriously these guys do an awesome job, much better than washes that cost 3x as much - even before the ASU discount. The hand scrub, wash & dry really made a difference on my convertible Mustang. On top of that they're environmentally responsible. Great quality, good value and green - what's not to love? I WILL be back!
4	This place is fast and cheap. I will definitely return. Four stars because they missed a few spots and I had to go home and touch up.
4	I feel like a pit crew is surrounding me as I go through this car wash!  They do a great job getting the outside of the car clean quickly and then you can use their vacuums to clean the inside yourself.  Good place.
5	We were searching for a car wash that could help us out with a sticky situation. We had just run over what we thought was paint that had fallen out of the bed of a truck two vehicles in front of us on the freeway. We saw the high reviews for this car wash and gave them a call to see if they could help. They offered to look at it for free and try to help if they could. This car wash is about 7 miles from our home, but the high reviews made us give them a try. When we got there, Sam, who I had spoken with on the phone, met us in the parking lot to take a look. He knew right away that he couldn't help get the "paint" off the car, but he did offer to give us a free car wash because he felt bad we had driven that far for nothing. He insisted, so we went ahead a gave it go. It was the BEST car wash we have ever had! Normally, that same car wash is $6. It is a touchless drive through, but at the end, the men working there dry it off and scrub off any leftover bugs, residue, etc. They clean the windows too! This is all done while you are inside your car! And, they are a "green facility" so you can feel good about supporting the environment too! They have vacuums so you can clean the inside yourself, which we opted out of since we needed to quickly find another solution for the green sticky "paint" on our car. It turns out we ran over roofing epoxy, not paint, so our day was filled with hours and hours of scrubbing with lacquer thinner once we returned home. We have about 4+ car washes within a mile radius of our home, but we will take our vehicles back to Wash Wizard from here on out! Worth the drive to support such a wonderful, friendly, thorough company!
5	This is my favorite, favorite place to get my car washed? Why? Because it's a locally owned business, where the owner and staff are more than friendly - they do a great job and pride themselves on excellent customer service. I agree with Mark N.'s comment - it's like a pit crew working around the car while it's getting washed. Today I went in for my third car wash, although it was the first time I did the "Express Detail" package for $40. No joke, the owner, plus three other staff worked cleaning my car, wiping it down with more attention to detail than I've ever experienced. I'm not gonna' lie - I also had a doughnut while there since Wash Wizard is conveniently attached to "Doughnut Wizard" with duel drive-through spaces and a shared parking lot. It was an excellent indulgence to have a fresh baked doughnut while waiting! Oh, and BTW, the parking lot, park benches and waiting area are more than pristine - they sparkle! This is the only place I'll visit!
5	Highly recommend! I went to Wash Wizard for the first time this morning and it is now my new favorite car wash!! Their most expensive wash is $8 and my car came out looking like I spent $30, not to mention that I was in and out in 5 minutes, having never left my car!! See ya never Danny's Family! It's a drive thru wash but doesn't have the damaging slappy cloth or rotating brushes... instead they have actual human beings scrubbing and drying your car. I felt bad for them going in and had low expectations as my car was FILTHY from driving to California and back, but they got every last bug off. You get a free wash after purchasing 7, free air freshener, and they recycle all of their water. (ps- they also have a drive thru DONUT CAFE!) Self-service vacuums are included as well. love.
5	How many of you have ever wanted to descend into a magical kingdom of suds and donuts? Well this is the place to do it!  I, being a lazy lazy man, have ventured to many an automated carwash and this one blows them all out of the water...with a torpedo smothered in maple.  I first spotted this little land of dreams and rainbows randomly because a "free donut" sign caught my ever indulgent eyes.  I was halfway down the carwash line, but was wondering how I was going to get a donut.  Then some man seemingly appeared out of nowhere, ready to aid this confused and donutless individual.  He explained that I simply got a free donut with my wash and hand delivered me donuts to the carwash line before I went in.  Not only was the long-john perfectly glazed, hot, and delicious, I got one for my passenger too!  This place is too good to be true.  Making out with a hot delicious confection while being carriaged through a tropical storm of cleansing doesn't get any better right? Not only does the machine wash your car, but a slew of workers also comes and greets you on the other side to hand dry your car.  All this for 6 bucks!  This was the best monday ever.
5	This is a fantastic car wash!  The prices are incredible, especially with their student discount.  There is attention to detail from the start when they offer you a complimentary air freshener.  Then several people suds up, wash, and dry your car working as a team with the machinery for fantastic results in a matter of minutes.  I never go anywhere else!
5	While I feel as though Tempe is GREATLY lacking in the car wash department, I feel as though this place really is as good as you're going to find in the area. (check out my review for "Clean Freak Car Wash" on 44th). Their most expensive wash is $8, $7 if you have an ASU (or any university?) ID. Not only does the drive-through give you everything you need, you have people IN the drive-through working on your car at the same time. They have people to scrub your car down in the middle, and to dry it off at the end. You even get a complimentary air freshener!They really take the time to make sure every area of your car is PERFECTLY clean and dry, and won't let you leave until you are happy. Wash Wizard is the ONLY place I will get my car washed from here on in. I might go back to Clean Freak one or two more times just to get my money's worth (I stupidly signed up for their monthly package and can't cancel it until next month). But I'll always come back to these guys.
5	I went with the $40 express detail.  They ran it through the car-wash - then took it round to the special express detail area. Took them about 35 mins with at one point 3-4 young folks cleaning and polishing throughout my 280ZX. Anyways they did a very thorough job in-side and out and overall  it seemed like very good value. plus the guy there was very friendly.
5	The guys there did a great job!
5	Great place for a quality car wash. They towel dry your vehicle and self vacuuming is free! I think I need to go back....
4	I tried the 8$ one. My car is now clean and shinning. And it only took a few minutes! I will come back next time.As my most recent experience, it was still very fast and convenient, but the towers seemed dirty, which created some tiny scratches on my car.
5	It was my first time here and they did a great job on my car. I paid half the cost to clean my car here, compared to other car wash places. If you want to save money and go somewhere affordable and still get the same quality service then go to Wash Wizard Auto Spa. I highly recommend this place.
5	Not only a great car wash at a reasonable price but this place is as green as you can get. Everything is made from recylced/green materials and even their water is repurposed.
4	Went through this car wash for the first time and had a great experience.  Showed up in the afternoon and there was no wait at all.  I chose the $8 wash.  I was impressed by the staff who immediately went to work prepping my car and then the ones who dried off excess water as I left the dryer area.  It was quick and reasonable.  I will go back again definitely.
5	Great job getting our Idaho snow off and sparkly clean. Gentle hand wash and dry. Free self vacuum with really good suction. Will be back
5	First time here and I have to say that the eight dollar car wash is great! Very fast, cheap, and thorough. Not only that, I'm a first time car buyer and was nervous about going to any car washes since they tend to be brutal to the exterior. But not here. No rough brushes etc. scratching away at your paint. It was rough enough to get it clean but gentle enough to keep your clear coat in tact - which I appreciate.Anyway, I'll definitely be going there again.
5	Stop your search for a car wash because this is the place to go!After having problems with Danny's Family Car wash and having heard horrifying stories of automated car wash machines damaging cars, I gave up hope in finding a fast great car wash in the Valley. I found this place by chance one day and saw the advertisement for a $6 dollar car wash. I was skeptical but my car was looking horrible from the snow/rain fiasco we had a couple of weeks ago.  I drove up and the staff was extremely friendly and they explained how the entire process works.I decided to go for the $8 wash and could not of  been happier. The overall experience is kind of cool, it is like if you took what they do at a Danny's or other full service place, and put it on an assembly line, and as you drive through they hand wash your car and then towel dry it in the end. After you drive through they do one more towel wipe and also clean the rims and tires (which I think only comes with the $8 package). Off to the side they have about 10 self -service vacuum spots. After walking around my car, I was willing to bet money that you cannot see the difference between this place's $8 wash to Danny's $25 one.Also, this past weekend I took it in to get the $16 full service in which they do the interior as well, and once again I was impressed and found it even better than a Danny's or Francis & Sons. They also have detailing and shampooing that I will try in the future and  given the amazing precedence so far I am sure that I won't regret it. All in all whether you are looking for a quick cheap wash or a full detail this place is faster, cheaper, and in my opinion better than any other wash I have been to in the Valley.
3	I have mixed feelings on this place. Sure, it's only $8 so I wasn't expecting a lot, but when there's a total of 6 or so people cleaning and drying your car in addition to the automated wash, shouldn't most of the dirt on your car be off?  There's still some dirt spots on the top of my car and towards the undercarriage there's no difference in the dirt streaks that were caked on the car before. Pluses: The car wash guys were fast and friendly, and the free vacuum stations are very nice. They also provide you with a very basic air freshener for free (Lemon, cherry, or baby powder scent). It's the type you place underneath your seat. I chose the lemon scent, which smelled a bit industrial, like there was pine-sol in my car.They have a "Sexy barista" theme at their drink kiosk going on this spring and summer, where a bikini-clad girl will make your latte for you if you so desire (This also means they aren't selling donuts here right now, just muffins and coffee). Kind of weird to me, but to each their own!Generally, go here for an economical wash, but don't expect stubborn, harder-to-clean areas to be cleaned off using the wash.
5	Best drive thru car wash I've ever been too. Great service as well, definitely going to be back.
5	Since my first visit back on 2/2/2012 I have been here probably fifteen to twenty other visits. Each time I have been treated very well with great attention paid to all aspects of making sure my vehicle is clean. There is typically 4-6 attendants there to dry your car as you come to the end of the wash tunnel. The owner is incredibly friendly and VALUES customer input. I will not take my car to any other washes, simply because this is the best place I have found in the valley. On my next visit I will try the express detail!
5	First time attending this car wash, but the result was superb.  Compared to a few others I've been to, Wash Wizard was fast and I never had to leave my car.  That's a plus, especially in the coming heat!!!!  What's more, everyone had smiling faces!
4	Good quality for an affordable car wash, and good customer service.  By hand, as well!
4	Been here a few times, got the Magic Plus ($8) wash each time. It's a good, basic touchup that doesn't beat the hell out of your paint like a rotating brush washer, although I kind of wish there was a tire shine option. The complimentary vacuums are quiet but reasonably strong. Recycling the wash water is a nice enviro touch. Haven't been into the cafe so I can't comment on the quality of the coffee or eye candy.
4	I was looking for a respectable car wash since the one closest to me had service that seemed to be declining and did nothing to impress me. I've been to a few different ones around the Valley and Yelpers really seemed to like Wash Wizard. After my first (and definitely not last) visit I can see why. I did enjoy my experience better than at Danny's car wash that can feel more like an assembly line than anything. Staff was polite,washes are at a great price and good overall price/quality ratio. Only negative is that I visited on what seemed to me to be a fairly slow day...and the overall wash, though I did add the extra, took quite some time despite my car being the only one there.
5	Pretty good for only 8 bucks. If your looking for a crazy clean and wax plus detail and stuff, you may need to spend a bit more money. But if just want a good quick clean its awesome. Real fast and the dudes actually stand inside the machine and clean your car. Then they hand dry. Pretty good value for $8.
2	The only time i visited the place was a bad experience. The exterior wash wasn't perfect but the worse part came when i went for vacuuming the interior. The blowers just didn't have enough pressure. I had to run it multiple times over the surface. When i took it up with them , they said it was "normal". Only in the end i realized that the hose they were using had a cut or two which might have been causing the low pressure hence proving their claim of "normal" invalid.
4	Went here for the first time today and it was definitely a pleasant surprise! It's the traditional drive through car wash, but with a great twist. The employees are stationed at various points along the conveyer belt to hand wash windows, the body, and hand dry. They even do the tires by hand!Definitely worth it and better than automatic car washes. It costs 8 dollars for the deluxe and with an ASU ID you get a dollar off. Only negative is that the windows were a little streaky. Otherwise, great deal.
5	I contacted Wash Wizard Auto Spa about a concerning post by a guy named Faraaz. Sam answered the phone and took time to explain their auto washing process, technology and invited me in for a complimentary car wash. The experience was fast, informative and next time will be inexpensive (this time was free). I used to go to a hand wash spot off broadway, but this looks like it's my new go-to. Try them, you won't regret it.
4	This place is great. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because I don't live close enough to come more often. The staff is really nice and they are efficient in what they do. Hey have a couple different options to choose from. You can get the $6 or $8 wash.   The 6 is just a basic wash and the 8 includes  a paint protectant coat and an air freshener. Remember to bring your ID. ASU students get a dollar off. Lastly, don't forget the complimentary vacuums.
3	not very clean, after cleaning, still some part of my window not clear. the body of car is generally very clean. also it's really fast. and price are good. so if you need  a quick car wash and not expect 100% clean. this is a nice place.
5	I've been looking for a great car wash for over a year. I've tried Danny's,Francis and sons, the foothills etc. I must say that wash wizard is the best of them all. I stay in ahwatukee and it's well worth the drive. The reviews I read about the car wash is what made me give them a try and I must say I'm glad I did! The customer service was great and you can really see the teamwork. I'm amazed that the rate is only $8  and they offer discounts. This car wash will definitely be my car wash of choice. I'm glad to say that I've finally found a quality car wash for well under the price that I paid for the others I visited.
5	This place is awesome. It's quick but there's no machines to damage your car. 8 bucks for a wash with wax. They hand wash and dry your car, then you can use their vacuums.
5	Best Car Wash, the service, the environment politics, the price and the work was amazing, forget any other car wash, this is what your car needs
5	I brought my car here twice before, not sure why I haven't been back in so long! The prices are reasonable, the guys are super nice & do a great job! I love how they get into the conveyor area and make sure they get every spot scrubbed and dried. Much better than the washes at my previous spot. I'm officially a convert!  :-)
5	Awesome service best water quality. As limo towncar service for 22 years 20 of them in the Pacific NW last two here. I've noticed there hundreds of carwash shops in the valley. Wizard reclaims and treats their water protecting the environment and protecting the paint of our expensive luxury cars in the fleets. The young guys attending the place a courteous and professionals. The manager Sam is great.
5	Really great place! I prefer it over a lot of car washes I've been to. All the workers are really nice, if you or they aren't satisfied with the cleanliness of your car, they'll wash it again for free! :)
5	Excellent customer service. The owner listened as I told him my concerns and problem areas that needed extra attention. You stay with your vehicle while it goes through a hand-washing station. A group of 4-5 men wash and then dry your car as it moves forward. With the deluxe wash, you then pull your car around to the Express Detailing Station. They communicate with you regularly to be sure you're completely satisfied.While waiting you can enjoy the best French-pressed coffee, hot or cold, in town. The Deluxe Wash was $18.00 and I gave them a nice tip. There was no wait and the whole process for my car took approximately 20 minutes. My car is new and was not very dirty. They will spend more time on any vehicle that needs it. Then the owner thanked me again for coming. Excellent.
5	I've been to Wash Wizard Auto Spa many times, I love their customer service and the Quality in the way they do things, I have told many of my friends about this business to support the idea of Clean Environment which is a big deal in my book to help our planet.I drive a Mercedes Benz so I"M very picky about the looks and final finishes, in order to have all this at one place is valuable to me ( GOOD customer service, Great wash results and an environment friendly car wash ) Wow I'm impressed!
5	The cafe is no longer open, but that's not what I come here for. Customer service is great, they take the time to inform you of how things are done here, and it's a relatively quick process. It's sort of a hybrid hand/automated wash, but it works well even with their soapless green water setup.
5	Best hand wash in town! You can tell that the staff strives to do the best job possible and was trained with extreme attention to detail.I used to wash my vehicle 2-3 times a year, however, at the price this place charges, I'm going in every other week now.Thanks Sam, another happy customer!!!!
5	I love coming here. I've been there about 4 times I think. I know I'm getting pretty close on my punch card to getting my discount or whatever. The only thing that I was annoyed with on my first visit is  that the price for the detailing job they used to have on their website was a different price in which they told me the other price when I arrived. But other than that they have done a good enough job every time I have been. I wish that they would open up more locations preferably in chandler so I don't get my car as dirty driving home from getting my car washed every time. I normally get the 8 dollar car wash because I just feel better getting the extra protectants and additives on my car then paying 2 dollars less without it. As far as the yelp check in offer. I have no idea if they honor it because I sometimes hate bringing up the fact I know there is an offer because about 95% of the time people look at me like I'm crazy and then I think why did I even bring it up in the first place I hate being that person. But if the check in is totally worth asking I'll take the weird glare and stupid look over not asking. They also have a raffle I believe for I think a year of free car washes on Facebook. The owner has given me plenty of the little tickets to go on Facebook and like them but I don't have Facebook and it's pointless to give me those things because I hate Facebook and will never return to it ever again. I love my yelp and that's about it!
3	Went there after reading all the reviews. Brought my new BMW 5 series, so yeah I might be a little picky but not too far insane. They did a pretty alright job, if I had an older car with a few scratches or a little bit of wear on it I imagine I'd love this place. For new cars with really high gloss paint jobs and if water spots bug you it's not quite as good. They still did a good job, don't get me wrong, but I had to go back and fix a lot of water spots they didn't catch. Still, MUCH better than any automatic car wash that can damage your car (don't ever use those, they can and will cause dings and scratches) and for the price you really can't lose. If you just want a good quick cleaning and you aren't going over your car with a fine tooth comb I think this place is a great value.
5	Excellent service! Hand car wasn't and they hand dry it and free vacuums! Just tried an awesome smoothie from Hawaiian coffee and I couldn't be happier!!!
5	I came here in April 2014 and have been meaning to write a review - this place was amazing. My car was really very filthy on the inside, and their interior cleaning job was the most thorough I have ever seen - it was better than if I had taken a long time to do it myself. The outside wash was also excellent. Very strong recommendation, excellent service, and to top it off amazing value in price.
5	I really like the Wash Wizard. The owner, Sam, takes a lot of pride in his business and strives to make sure that his employees are providing the best service possible. I have only ever had an issue here once (employee in the car wash was texting instead of washing my van... Kids these days!) and Sam was quick to resolve it and it has never been an issue since. Their prices are very reasonable. They always do a great job with the interior cleaning. If you're looking for excellent service at a reasonable price then the Wash Wizard is definitely for you.
5	Awesome car wash spot! I never go to drive-thrus because I don't want bristles messing up my car. I read the reviews and it's strait spray and dudes hand washing it then hand drying it. Never left my car and was done in 5 minutes. I spend 6 bucks at self washes and do a miserable job. For 8 bucks I am game. This one was on the house and Wash Wizard got themselves a new frequent customer. 5 stars.
4	I'm still on the fence between 4/5 stars for this car wash. I really like the free clip-on air freshener and the self-service vacuum are still new enough that it offers plenty of suction. They advertise that their car wash is the only one in Arizona that is green-friendly, but I'm not exactly sure how they accomplish this...so I'll take their word for it. They have 6 staff members hand scrubbing your car throughout the wash, but I feel like a lazy douchebag when they're doing all the work while I sip my coffee.There are usually spots that they've missed, but for $1/staff member, it's certainly worth the money
5	I really enjoyed my car wash with these guys.  They have me a dollar off bc I'm a student and did a good job on the cleaning.  It's really affordable so it was only 7$ for a outside cleaning and wax.  Not bad.
5	So you have a new car......you want to protect your paint..... you don't ever want a BRUSH or SCRUB MACHINE EVER TO TOUCH YOU CAR......and you don't want to have to pay and arm a leg for it......well your search is over people. I just recently purchased a BLACK Jeep Patriot Altitude......and for those of you with Black cars you know how difficult they are to keep clean. I love my Jeep but I was dreading and searching for a good HAND washing establishment since I purchased my Jeep on July 5. So since I didn't want to wait another week I finally just decided to make the 20 minute drive over to Tempe and give this place a try. When I arrived I talked to Sam who is the owner.....I told him basically I came all the way from the Paradise Valley area just to get my Jeep Hand washed at this location. I told him I like the fact that they indeed hand wash......hand dry.....and don't use any MACHINES to wash my Jeep. I also like the fact they were eco and green friendly which means they use all natural products. Sam felt a little pressure because I told him about all the rave reviews here on yelp......so he told me " Look turn left there where you see the two guys......I will walk over and meet you and the WASH IS ON ME......FREE OF CHARGE" wow I was COMPLETELY IMPRESSED. He told me if I don't like it he would completely understand if I went elsewhere. He gave me the awesome clip on air fresheners everyone has been talking about.....and he offered me 5 bucks off of 5 car washes the next time I come in for only 30 bucks. He told me I didn't have to do it today.....when I return if I want he would give me the deal. Sam indeed takes great pride in his establishment as one other yelper stated.....and let me say that is completely accurate.So when I finally got around to the actual wash bay I was extremely happy to see no guard rails just a little pulley system for you car to roll on......nothing like any other BRUSH MACHINE CAR wash. The first young man use a scratch proof brush to clean my roof.....then came the pre-wash which contains no harsh soap chemicals.....and there were 2 more young men waiting with WASH MITTS to hand wash my Jeep right there inside the bay as my Jeep continued to roll along the track. When that process was finished there were 3 more gentlemen at the end waiting to hand dry my Jeep.They cleaned the door jams.....windows......and every other crack and crevice they could find. All of this wonderful treatment to my Jeep would have cost me only 8 bucks......that's right people 8 bucks and remember I got it for free just for my trouble for traveling across the valley. Now if you want the tire dressing which is (not Armor-all) and I was happy to hear that..... you can get it for an additional 4 bucks. The interior cleaning cost a little more as well......but for under 20 bucks you can get your entire car, truck, SUV, etc.....detailed for what you would pay an arm and a leg for anywhere else.Sam and WASH WIZARD have a customer for LIFE......I will never go anywhere to have my Jeep washed and if anyone is in search of the same HIGH QUALITY treatment that you car, truck or SUV deserves then WASH WIZARD is truly your only choice.Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
5	Prices are fair and the guys do an awesome job of scrubbing your car until it sparkles and shines. The coffee here is really good too. The lady behind the counter was super helpful and she customized my white chocolate toffee coffee until I was completely happy with it. Excellent customer service with a smile. Car washes include a complimentary car freshener clip (cherry, vanilla, new car) and free self service vacuuming. I don't really know what else someone could want. Oh and bonus points for being environmentally friendly for the car wash and using natural sugars for the drinks (ask about the different flavors of whip cream!).
5	Great service at a great price.   Car washes through the drive through at $6 for the basic and $8 for the upgraded version. I got a student discount so I only paid $7 for the upgraded car wash There are multiple employees through out the process that make sure that every spot gets cleaned and dried. Both my girlfriend and I only come to this place to get our cars washed.   Also these guys have free vacuums as well. Its a great added value totally free.
2	I wasn't impressed what so ever. Did a half assed wash, and a horrible dry. Things that I did like though were the free air freshener, and that tracks accommodated lowered vehicles. But other than that, it's no more special than any other half assed car wash in the valley. Not sure why it's so difficult to have a decent car wash out here. On to the next one I guess.
4	Sorry fellas but I had to drop you down a Star because my car's hood was scratched a bit and that was extremely disappointing. I am pretty sure it is because of the the drying towels that are used. The first 2 car washes I received were perfect.....but this time I noticed scratches and I was really trying to avoid that for as long as I could.
5	Great brushless handwash for under $10. The folks that work there are very friendly and they do a good job. For roughly the same price as a Costco wash and no membership needed, there is no reason not to go here if you are in the area.
5	What 5 bucks with my student id wow just awesome !!!! For a hand wash just wow!!Great service
4	I knew a few things before I came to Wash Wizard.  I knew my car desperately needed a car wash.  I knew $8 for a car wash probably meant an automated wash.  I knew that with all these positive reviews on Yelp, my odds were good that it would at least be decent.I didn't know what I'd have 6 people handscrubbing my car while it cruised in neutral through the automated wash and then have another 3 guys hand drying my car after making my way through the air dryer.Was Wash Wizard the best car wash I've ever put my car through?  Of course not.  Hell, if I had the time and was back home, I'd wash the car myself.  But it most certainly was the best $8 I've ever spent on a mostly automated carwash.  I'm also guessing I lucked out by arriving at a time with no line, but having that many people on hand to manually wash a car... I imagine they do pretty good business at other times.  I'm impressed.
5	This is by far my favorite place to have my car washed in the valley! It's super quick and my car always comes out clean. The complementary air freshener is an added bonus.
4	like the fact that there is a window where you can see the car when it is in the wash. Very convenient when I head downtown as it is right off the freeway.
4	I have officially found my new favorite car wash!!! Everyone was super friendly, service was reasonably priced, it was fast but done properly. They are Eco friendly -- they recycle their water and use vinegar which is better on the cars. Plus while you wait for your car to get detailed you can get a nice cup of coffee or blended drink and sit under a comfy shaded area. They were really friendly to my dog too! Only con is that they don't do upholstery shampoos which will require me to go to another car to get that service done. But other than that, I love it.I will definitely return.
5	Best drive thru car wash!! They actually scrub your car as you drive thru - hand dry your vehicle - & give you a free air freshener!! All for $6!! Will come back again and again!
5	This is the perfect car wash! They are environmentally friendly, they have a coffee house, great customer service and it's cheap! It's a bit of a hike for me, but I was in the area. I will definitely be coming back though.
5	So came here around 7:30am, one guy greeted me and asked what type of wash I would like and I went with the $8 wash. I think asked about the yelp offer thinking I would only pay $3 but he then explained its $5 off 5 washes. He then said he would give me a punch card with extra punches on it because he felt bad I didn't know how the $5 deal worked. He also offered me a free car scent, I think they had 4 scents which was nice. After the wash, him and 4 or 3 other guys wiped the car down dry. Definitely coming back again.
3	Meh.  Aside from people crowding around your car to "hand wash" it, it's a pretty average car wash. They'll probably get more gunk off your car than a machine or touchless wash, but there will be huge risk of scratches and "spiderwebbing" because they use the dirtiest wash mitts I've ever seen. If you love your paint, hand wash it yourself or use a touchless wash. If you dont't care too much and don't like washing your own car take it here.
5	Brushless wash with hand wash and dry.  Great service, student discount.  Also with interior express detailing.  Quick and convenient too.  Always a good job, they don't miss spots either.
4	I went to this car wash based on the cheaper hand wash options. Plus I didn't have time for a full detail. To be honest, it was nice to go with a fast hand wash drive through. I went here twice, first time for interior/exterior and the second time for just the exterior. Both times there were spots left over and the inside wasnt as clean as I would've liked. But you get what you pay for.If you want a quick hand wash option inside of going to a drive through car wash, this is the place.
5	Amazing customer service and job on my car. Car was soo dirty and they cleaned it to perfection. Very friendly, only $6 for basic, $8 for more detailed car wash, and great results..with a free air freshener, like every other review, great place to go. Only negative was they don't accept tips, but regardless, Defintely coming back here again !!
5	The guys that worked there are friendly and awesome. It was a different car wash experience but all in all it was great.
