5	How does Prantl's not have a review yet? Ohmylord. The burnt almond torte, alone, is reason to yelp about. Soft yellow almond-twinged cake, moist as wedding cake, layered with the most delicious icing and covered in burnt almonds and a dusting of powered sugar made this an easy "yum," especially if you had dinner guests. Fresh breads (delicious sourdough), homemade doughnuts, dinner rolls, cakes made to order and then mini-versions of the cakes abound. Try the chocolate sour cream loaf, it's amazing.
5	Best bakery in Pittsburgh!  They have great cakes and cookies and make very festive holiday cakes.  The rasberry filled, heart-shaped cookies are great, as are the chocolate cakes.
5	Oh My!  I keep telling myself "It's okay, Susan, you can have this for your snack when your BGs go low."  Contrary to popular belief, we diabetics CAN have a cookie or a piece of cake (indeed we must sometimes), but we have to watch our carbs and take enough insulin to cover.Having said that, where to begin about this place?  How about with their famous burnt almond torte.  These things are so good, they can now ship them anywhere.  They make a "travel" torte version with their  "wedding creme" custard, which doesn't require refrigeration.  Sigh, but I usually limit myself to their cookies and their fine bread.  As I said on another review of mine "Pump that insulin, Susan!"
3	The treats are really delicious, but the whole experience was only ok.  First, there's nowhere to sit down, so you have to get everything to go.  They offer a good selection of small and bite-sized items, so this seems odd.  Seems like they could put some stools by the window or even some tables outside....maybe serve some coffee while they're at it.  Second, the person helping me threw all my items into one small bag, so everything got smashed together.  Next time I'll bring my own tupperware.
3	I must be jaded since I came from Boston where the Bakeries are excellent.  I heard through the grape vine that the roasted almond torte was excellent so we bought some and brought it home.  The salty sweet toasted almond coating was excellent, but the fluffy cake with some type of pudding between the layers was mediocre at best.  I hate it when bakeries make awful cake because it seems to me that is an easy item to get right.  I will give them another chance but so far I would say they are average.
5	Burnt Almond Torte.  Enough Said.
3	I really like the signature toasted almond cake, but have been mostly disappointed with the other things I've tried here. I've also not been pleased with the employees - they're not very friendly.
5	Prantl's Almond Torte is my most favorite thing on the planet. And I mean that very literally. I had my mother fly an ice-packed cake with her out to California for my wedding! It's that delicious. Don't miss an opportunity to eat their almond torte...you will not regret it! There is no better cake on the planet, I am convinced!
4	When my friends and I walked into Prantl's for the very first time, we smelled the air and sighed appreciatively.  Smells like baked deliciousness.  If they could figure out how to bottle up that scent, I'd buy it.The cookies here are excellent.  They had hamantashen around Purim.  I can't speak to the cookies' authenticity, but they were buttery, tender, and so good.  I like the burnt almond torte a lot, but more so for the burnt almond outsides rather than the yellow cake itself, which was nicely moist but rather bland.
5	I have become the Prantl's pimp to all the little old ladies in the neighborhood.  They wait at their doors for me to return from Shadyside for their little pink boxes with cash in-hand.  Rightfully so.Every little confection turned out by this Pittsburgh institution is perfection.  Sheer and utter buttery goodness perfection.The burnt almond torte is magnificent.  Light white cake with layers of pudding and heavenly buttercream encrusted with burnt sugared almonds.  These words placed together do not do this creation justice.  I have dreams about the burnt almond torte.Their cherry hamantaschen is a beautiful light buttery dough, akin to sugar cookies.  The rum balls are naughty little nuggets of goodness.  Everything, EVERYTHING is to die for.
4	Yum! I just picked up a cookie platter ($32...see photo) for a party and it looks awesome. Can't wait to have my guests drool over the buttery goodness that are Prantls' cookies. Other than the treats, this place makes some really decent bread. I've tried it a few times now, and have yet to be disappointed. If you live in Shadyside, make sure to check this place out....oh and they sell Enrico's biscottis. Can't go wrong with those!
5	Have the burnt almond torte. That's all you need to know.No, seriously. I take some back with me on the plane all the way to San Francisco every time I come back to the Burgh. It's that good. Everyone I've given it to agrees.
5	Come here for the jelly sandwich cookies. BEST jelly sandwich cookies ever. they're round, 2 layers, powdered sugar, and you can see the jam in a little cut out circle on the top layer. Their "burnt almond torte cake" is supposed to be really famous, but i always got distracted by the cookies...
5	Oh. My. God. So. Good.
4	I came in here looking for an Italian loaf to serve with dinner at around 2 PM and was rudely informed by the girl at the counter that they were sold out of pretty much anything of the sort.Disappointed, but being new to Pittsburgh, I got a small "bar" version of the famous burnt almond torte.  Regardless of the bad service, I'll be back for another piece of almond torte...it was that awesome.
4	first, i'd like to note that i'm so ocd i had to change the name from "prantls" to "prantl's" because there IS an apostrophe there! now i can write my review.the service is so-so, seeing as i had one girl who had no idea what goods they had to offer me with the keyword i gave her (cinnamon, obviously) and the cash register broke as soon as she swiped my card..adding another 10 minutes to the trip, but all in all, i'm am very pleased with what i left with.one chocolate sour cream cup. different, definitely, with a nice crunch. but i wasn't too sold (i'm not really a chocolate pastry kinda person..unless it's chocolate mousse or flourless chocolate cake or has the words "molten center" in its name).the pecan tassies. OH LORD. these miniature tarts are 85 cents of pure joy. i bought three. one wasn't eaten until several days later, and even though it was cold from my refrigerator, it was just as soft as the day i bought it. perfect amount of pecan filling (and sweetness) to fluffy pastry foundation. NOM.one poundcake. my biggest apprehension about buying poundcake in bakeries is the fact that sometimes they are laced with lemon flavoring. i hate lemon flavoring. this poundcake had none of that nonsense. perfectly baked, perfectly golden, and firm but moist days later.and, of course, the almond torte, which is essentially their yellow "scrap batter" cake, creamy custard, and homemade buttercream formed into a little log and rolled through loads of secret-recipe-toasted almonds. it isn't heavy or too sweet at all, and holds up very well if you're traveling. in fact, prantl's is so famous for them, you can order them online! i'm a firm believer in absence makes the heart grow fonder, so i'll just wait until the next time i'm in the area to have another.the treats here are definitely worth taking the next week off to exercise and detox on veggies (as i sit here, eating broccoli).
5	I'm not really a dessert person, but I was going home to visit and I always like to bring a little bit of Pittsburgh home with me so I stopped in for some goodies. I got an assortment of their mini pastries which was perfect because you get to sample a little bit of everything. Everyone was impressed. In fact, so impressed that I'm not allowed home without a Prantl's box in my hand.The burnt almond torte with vanilla icing is simply to die for. I've had it several times and it's always been moist and an explosion of nutty goodness with every bite. Let me stop myself... this is starting to sound dirty.In addition to wonderful pastries, they also offer a decent selection of breads and rolls which are tasty as well, but I wouldn't go out of my for them.
5	I love their muffins.   They are smaller, inexpensive, and really sweet.   Lots of great berry muffins.
5	To be fair all I've ever had was their Burnt Almond torte, but it could be one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten.  Not to mention that they offer little mini ones for $1 (perhaps slighly overpriced for the size?) to save me the trouble of eating too much make me a very happy person.
4	As I always try to find the best bakery in town, this one Prantl's in Shadyside, is awesome.  Our friend told us to try the burnt almond slice, which is a  local favorite.  And wow, it was great.  So are the snowballs, the pecan buns, which are mini and many other pastries.  Don't miss this one.
5	Yumster in my Tumster!  I first got introduced to Prantl's a few years ago when I lived in Shadyside.  I tried their decorative cookies and I was hooked.  Since then I've tried many of their delectable pastries and some noteworthy ones include the decorative cookies, almond torte, and pecan tassies - I'm sure everything else is also wonderful!I'm so happy they recently opened up their downtown location, now I don't have to worry about hours of operation b/c I work so close to them downtown, but I still think fondly of the Shadyside location.  I definitely recommend this place for a quick sugary snack or if you need to buy pastries for a group of people.  It is more expensive than some other bakeries, but I think this is the type of place where "you get what you pay for" is applicable.
3	the quality of the baked goods hasn't gone down and the prices haven't mysteriously skyrocketed, but there *are* a couple reasons why i've been taken down from my prantl's sugar rush.1. i walked in last sunday around 1pm (three hours before COB) and there were hardly any breads, muffins, and cakes left. while this didn't affect me too much (i was there to purchase primarily mini almond torte cups and pecan tassies), it was still strange to me to see how barren the shelves were.2. a young lady whom i have interacted with before was cleaning the glass of the pastry cases, which involved lifting up the glass. if you haven't been here, know that it's pretty snug inside. add a handful or so customers, and it nears claustrophobia. first of all, why are you cleaning the glass three hours before you close? it's only going to get touched again. second of all, she was rude about it, throwin' bows to all who neared. not cool.i walked away with about 12 mini cups and a carrot cake muffin for a little over $16, but with a somewhat sour taste in my mouth. i'm hoping it was just an "off" day, and i'll be back, but hopefully to a better environment.
4	White chocolate raspberry cup, chocolate peanut butter bar, burnt almond torte, oh my!
5	Pastries, brownies, doughnuts, breads, cakes, cupcakes, cookies, danishes, muffins, and more.  Reasonable prices and fresh goodies!  Today was my first experience at Pranti's.  BF and I walked in and it was packed but the wait was not long before someone asked what we wanted.  My eyes darted back and forth trying to pick something.  That was a challenge.., Finally after talking to the counter girl, my BF, and myself I decided to go with a brownie and a cookie.  BF picked a doughnut.  The bill came to under $4 bucks.  The chocolate chip cookie was as thick as a blondie bar but bigger in circumference.  The brownie was enormous and has walnuts in it.  The doughnut was chocolate and vanilla frosted and my man ate it up within 2 seconds flat.  Addicting!  Delicious baked treats.The coffee cakes here with the white powdery stuff on top looked so good.  Maybe next time....
3	Place is alright, but the cannoli shells were defiantly store bought.  But i mean hey, I guess every place cant be perfect.  For the price though, I feel like they sold be homemade.  The filling in the cannolis were kind of strange.  The fact that neither my mother nor I wanted to eat the second one showed that there was a problem.My mom did enjoy her other pasty.  I, however, did not like the biscotti very much.  I mean I would go back if I was walking by, but I defiantly would not go out of my way to get pastries here.  I would walk to La Gourmandine Bakery in Lawrenceville before going here again.
5	Yes, I've blacked out here,I've eaten cupcake creatures.What a great birthday. (b)
5	Three words: Burnt. Almond. Torte. It might just be my favorite dessert ever.Beyond that, I'm never disappointed by anything at Prantl's and over the years I think I've tried most of their creations.  Bread is good. The simple sugar cookies are the best. Pastries are always a treat. And the prices are reasonable. If you want to try a great bakery in Pittsburgh, look no further.
4	Burnt almond torte is probably one of the most delectable dessert item I have ever had. Seriously. It is so good that if it sits in my fridge I have to make deals with god like, "I am not going to finish the rest of my torte, but dear god, in return you give me xyz." True story.I also love love love Prantl's for its plethora of dessert cups. These are two-bite (five bites for me really, I like to eat my dessert slowly to make it last longer) desserts that come in a variety of flavor (combos) - toasted almond cup (teeny tiny version of burnt almond torte), German chocolate, white chocolate raspberry, etc. Soo good!I have tried a bite of their brownie, pretty good. No idea what the rest of the pastries are like. I like to try things, but in Prantl's I will stick to the little cups. If I am going to spend more calories, one more cup then!
3	With such great reviews I have been trying! I have been there tree times now and I am not surprised! The prices are reasonable and you get decent food. But thats not what I expected. The chocolate and caramel trotewas bad! The cupcakes were ok but for 1usd you can't expect much. The buttercream wasnt impressive... But the filled croissants with blueberry or the one with cheese were not bad at all. It was not a real croissant but satisfying. Since it is in a really convenient location I will probably go back but without the expectations that I had before.
4	In sum, if you have been living under a rock or are new to the 'burgh then you may not know that this place has the most amazing Burnt Almond Torte. I can't say much for their other treats as I have partaken in few. However, the Burnt Almond Torte will not disappoint..unless you do not have a palate.I keep the logic with food simple- if a place is "famous" for serving a specific item then try it. In this instance, the Burnt Almond Torte is a heaven sent delight. The two layers of moist light yellow cake suspended creamy rich custard, covered in lightly sweetened and fluffy pastry cream with an outer layer crusted with toasted sweet glistening almonds. I am thankful I did not discover this dessert until I was married. I would have easily polished off this cake after a rough exam or breakup. Fortunately, my husband can share the caloric intake with me. Then again, for those with more self-control they offer a significantly smaller ration in the petit four style presentation. I have also had the pleasure of tasting this version which did not disappoint.Now for some other items on the shelves. ..the brownies look much more appetizing than they are in reality. The chocolate lacks richness and depth and the batter is drowning in nuts. It is one thing to highlight a brownie in nuts, it is another to forget you are even eating something other than chopped nuts. I've also had a few of their cookies. Hrmp. Nothing bad but nothing good that was memorable either.  I say stick with the torte. Also, I must note that the wedding cake tasting is a complete disaster. No worries, I did not deduct points as I might have caught them on a bad day and I did not try the cake. Whilst still engaged two years ago...Prantl's was my top choice until I arrived for the tasting. Imagine many brides in such a small area and limited staff to assist- provided a cow-herd atmosphere to the tasting. Not my thing- I walked in and walked right back out. I am sure their wedding cakes are amazing yet many places also provide spectacular cakes [hint hint Kribel's bakery is where I got my affordable and tasty gem of a cake] minus the cow herd =)
4	This is always a treat... the beloved burnt almond torte lives up to the hype and is never a disappointment.  Seasonal items like pumpkin gob is enjoyable as well.  Prices are affordable, though you may need to go elsewhere for the perfect coffee to pair with your dessert :D.
5	If you have not tried their Burnt Almond Torte you must comehere! These are like crack, get one for someone's birthday if they love almonds, they'll love you for sure! They are frozen so make sure you take it out of the fridge a little bit ahead of time before serving, it'll be a huge hit for any parties or holidays!
4	I purchased a wide range of cookies and cupcakes from Prantl's for Valentines Day this year and they were amazing. It was a bit pricey but being one of the few real bakeries in Pittsburgh, I was willing to pay the extra bit. The cupcakes were moist and not too sweet. I will be coming back again.
4	Wow! Their burnt almond torte is a Pittsburgh staple, and the few other things that I've tried from them have been equally delicious! I highly recommend checking out this bakery.
5	They have the best Burnt Almond Torte, so Good!   And if you like lady locks their the best I've had also.  Another of my favorites are the little cake cups they make .  There are a variety, like Burnt Almond Torte, Cookies and Cream, Pumpkin cheesecake, Vanilla Raspberry, German Chocolate, and so on.  Its the perfect miniature dessert!For my daughters wedding I ordered five dozen of these for the cookie table. They were a nice addition to the cookies and display beautifully.  They were a Big Hit!
5	This place is the BOMB DOT COM.{does anyone still say that? I'm 30 and so out of touch with reality}But I do know dessert and it's official. This place has the very best burnt almond torte ever. If you're reading this and thinking that sounds gross, it's not. It's basically a piece of the most moist cake you'll ever eat covered with slivered almonds and other goodness I can't describe. All these people below me can't be wrong.So good that you'll rip open the box in the car and realize you don't have a fork but devour it with your hands because it's that good. I might have some experience in that department. Mayyyyyybe.Eat cake.
4	I just got into town and I had to get to Prantl's. Their sugar dusted cut out cookies are amazing! You can't get cookies like these down south.
5	Delicious.We got six things and it came to just about 10 bucks.  They are all very tasty. I especially like the cinnamon roll.Staff were polite and expedient.
3	I love going to Prantl's especially since I have no form of transportation other than my legs, a bike, and a bus. From campus this seems like the best option for some baked goods. While the sweets themselves are not too impressive, they do the job and they aren't that expensive. Nothing blew my mind from here except their almond pastries which seem to be their specialty.
5	I generally am not a fan of baked goods. HOWEVER, Prantl's has me coming back and wanting more.The toasted almond cups are to die for. GET. THEM. I believe it's a mini version of their burnt almond torte? Either way, ah-mazing.I even liked their donuts! I never eat donuts. The only donuts I ever liked in my life were Krispy Kreme's original glazed donuts. After KK died, I have never enjoyed a donut since. However, today at Prantl's, their glazed donut was calling to me. Ohmygosh. I devoured that thing in literally five seconds.In one word, yum.
2	Meh is right. My whole family is in love with Prantl's enough so that they convinced me to get my birthday cupcakes from there... First of all. They don't have cupcakes they have these little mini cakes that cost an arm and a leg, and are mostly fluffed up icing...bleh.Then, they aren't even that nice! My mom ordered the cakes, and I didn't know what name they were under... I understand that you have a line, but there is no reason to tell me i am wasting your time, when I am obviously buying something. MAYBE they could have know which order was mine by my telling them what was in it, but nope they needed the name. So I had to guess through a few before I got it BFD! Rude, crowded, and most importantly not that great!
3	Too sweet. Tried the famous almond cake and some cupcakes. Cannot even finish eating them. Plus, the stuff there are rude, maybe just because there are too many customers in the little place.
4	Prantl's is my favorite bakery.  I've lived in Pittsburgh my whole life and I've always gotten my birthday cake here (well over 2 decades worth of cakes!).  Prantl's always has a place in my heart.  After the change in ownership, the bakery has seemed to gone downhill a bit.  The most obvious was the increase in prices.  Still a great place for baked goods! Try the Burnt Almond Torte if you haven't yet!
5	I don't even like cake, but, the best dessert I have ever had is the Burnt Almond Torte from Prantl's! It is so delicious, nothing compares!
4	My review for Prantl's is going to be two-fold.1.)  As a regular bakery.  I absolutely love going to either this or the downtown location to pick up some "cake bites" or any of the other delicious items they create.  I will say stray away from the traditional non-sugar coated items (muffins, etc.), which while good, don't compare to other offerings around the city.2.)  As the bakery who baked our wedding cake.  When it came down to it, I knew from the beginning that I was doomed to have a Prantl's Burnt Almond Torte as our wedding cake.  This unassuming, simply decorated, flavor powerhouse is the epitome of love it/hate it relationships of those in the burgh...  and I happen to be on the love it side.  Our cake ended up being ABSOLUTELY fantastic.  Definitely not a looker, but man did she please.What didn't please us is the customer service.  After placing the order for the wedding cake at the Shadyside location, the wife and I followed up with a question at the Market Square location (we both work downtown and were told we could modify our order there for convenience).  What ensured was what I can only describe as a sales commission war, with the bridal rep downtown more or less abducting us from the Shadyside location and even calling us to complain when we didn't call her directly thereafter.  Up until we first saw the cake the day of the wedding, we honestly weren't even sure what we were getting (we had to actually calculate the bill for the rep downtown...  yea.).Despite all of this, I just simply can't bash the cake.  Our guests did nothing but rant and rave about it, so majority wins here.
2	Nothing stood out, including the famous burnt almond torte.
3	too sweet for me
5	Sweet god, the burnt almond torte. I live out of town now and still dream about it (and I make trips there anytime I'm home and in Shadyside). Gah! It's that good. Nothing compares (you KNOW it's going to be good when the box weighs about 5 pounds). I haven't tried the travel version with pastry cream instead of custard, but trust me, the custard is worth it. The cookies are excellent, too -- particularly the butter cookies and hamentashens -- as are the cupcakes, but the almond torte is a must.
4	They weren't lying about the Burnt Almond Torte. Oh so good but remember to take small bites or you may be overloaded with the sugar like I was. There were 5 people in front of me but the ladies in this bakery are super efficient. I waited about 5 minutes before I was helped and next thing you know I'm walking down the street eating a cookie and swinging my bag of burnt almond torte.Try the place if you're in the neighborhood, but if you're not you aren't missing too much.
4	I love the red velvet cupcakes, and the burnt almond torte is to die for. I'm not a huge chocolate person, so this dessert hits the spot every time. The white icing is perfectly fluffy and not too sweet. The cream hiding out in several of the layers is light and not too creamy. The smattering of toasted thinly sliced almonds covering the cake is my favorite part! I love going to the downtown location to get individually portioned pieces of burnt almond torte because you get almonds in every single bite!If you plan on ordering anything in advance, make sure to do it early so you don't miss out! If you're ever wandering around Walnut Street in Shadyside or Market Square downtown, stop in to Prantl's. You won't be disappointed.
5	I can only speak to the burnt almond torte from Shadyside.  After all, why would you buy anything else in a store when you could buy one of the most heavenly cakes on earth?  I have been eating this cake since childhood.  It is a favorite.    Whoever invented this torte deserves a medal.  I thank you most sincerely.  You've gotta eat it cold so you can experience the thick texture of the icing with the crisp but not too crunchy coating of slivered almonds.  And though the icing is sweet, it is cut by the creamy coolness of the vanilla custard and light white cake.  Somewhere in there is just the right slight taste of salt.  Heaven, pure heaven.Great tip: My brother had it as his wedding cake.  The store made three inexpensive fake round cakes that looked like burnt almond tortes and were on pedestals of varying height with beautiful fresh flowers at the base.  You never, ever would have known they were fake.  (I know it sounds super tacky but was not.)  Meanwhile, the actual burnt almond torte was delivered in sheet pans and cut in the back.  So much more cost effective than having some over the top looking wedding cake.  It looked beautiful and tasted so, so good.  Out of towners who had never had Prantl's were amazed.
4	Marvelous bakery.  They are quite famous for their burnt almond torte, and it never disappoints.  I thought I would have to order this ahead, but it seems as if they always have plenty on hand.
5	I have three words for you:  burnt almond torte.  I'm not a huge fan of pastries, but this is tremendous.
5	Best all-around bakery in the 'Burg.  They have absolutely mastered anything involving buttercream and have an extensive selection of almost every type of baked good.  Most anything they have on the shelves is good or great, and the house favorites - ladylocks and the burnt almond torte - would win any contest.If you haven't been there before, I recommend you try a cross section of items as they have small versions of many things.  However, the large ladylock is their masterpiece and is different than then minis.  Get one and split it with a friend.
5	Had the spinach and feta turnover and it was delicious. Anytime I go to Prant'ls I have a toasted almond cup. This is the best pastry ever. Lol seriously the ultimate. Its never let me down. The service is ok...it gets crowded so be patient but certainly wait for it.
2	Nope. Sorry, I grew up in pgh. Heart of a true pittsburgher. But my gosh. One word for prantl's: crisco. Seriously, my arteries hurt after eating a desert from this place. Not half as good as a few of the French etc bakeries around. Why waste your cardiovascular health on this place--go get gelato next door and you'll be better off!
5	The burnt almond torte is as good as the hype, possibly better.I have also tried a few of their other various baked good and cupcakes. Love this place.
5	The cinnamon rolls are so good. They are almost half cream cheese icing which is delicious. Plan to be in a sugar coma afterward but its so worth it! The red velvet looked good but I felt too guilty to order more after ordering all five of the cinnamon rolls they had left :)
1	I had such a discouraging experience today at Prantl's.  A girl offered to wait on me, but then walked away without filling my order.   I waited several minutes, and then spoke up to get waited on.  It really wasn't worth the wait.  Pay attention to the other reviews on here about rude staff.  I will not be returning.
2	Almond torte cake is way too overhyped.  I ordered one after seeing an article on Huffington Post so with a description like that who wouldn't want to try it!?  It's a diabetics worst nightmare, sugar overload. The filling in the middle had a bland taste, nothing special about it. Maybe it's because I ordered the cake and had it shipped to MD that it tasted bad.  People raving about this cake should try middle eastern or Greek bakeries! I gave a two because they have great customer service when emailing back.
1	If you want to get pastries while being yelled at by the staff and treated like dirt, this is the place for you.
5	Prantl's very disappoints me. My favorite is the mini version of their famous burnt almond cake. They somehow compact all the flavor of their sheet cake into one little cupcake and do not skimp on the burnt almonds as well as the icing. Some of the cupcakes are too sweet for me but they please my friend so it is just a matter of preference for sweetness.
4	Very good doughnuts! Only purchased the glazed but if you heat it up it's oh so good. Also, the cinnamon roll was delightful. Not a fan of their cookies, but hey everything else is very good. If you have a sweet craving, this is definitely a top spot to come pig out at.
2	Like many others,  I saw the Huffpost article calling Prantl's burnt almond torte the best cake in America.   Being a pastry chef myself,  I had to try it.   I was not impressed.   The cake itself is light, fluffy,  and pleasant enough (which is the only reason I didn't go for one star),  but the filling was,  well,  if I didn't know it had filling I wouldn't have been able to detect any from the taste.   The frosting was average bakery fare (which,  to me,  is a below average taste).   I did like that the almonds stayed crispy even through shipping.   I ate one slice,  and gave the rest away.   Might be fine to serve with coffee,  etc if you are a local,  but definitely not worth the price and shipping.  I doubt this is even the best cake in Pittsburgh,  much less the entire USA.   I wonder which Prantl's family member has a friend at Huffpost?
4	The burnt almond torte was recently voted as the best cake in the country and while that's a big title, it's most certainly one of my favorites. I'm not the biggest cake person but this one gets me. They sell it in a bar too if you want to just have a taste.
4	It's just your regular everyday bakery. Nothing special here. The prices are reasonable and the sweets are good!
2	While I still like the almond torte, I just can't justify my original rating when the overall selections are just subpar. After trying a larger selection of their baked goods, especially the mini cake cups, I realized they all look delicious but when you bite into them, they're really dry and full of generic cake frosting. If you're still tempted to get one,  go with the tiramisu since it has the redeeming factor of having a strong coffee flavor.
5	After falling in love with the burnt almond torte while living in PGH, we wanted to have it at our California wedding.  Recent publicity meant they were not able to ship the cakes for us.  Thankfully they were very responsive to email questions and requests and made it very easy for a friend to ship the cakes for us.  They arrived in perfect condition and were delicious.
5	My new lab manager brought in a burnt almond torte cake from Prantl's today for another labmate who's leaving.   None of us labbies had tried this famed Pittsburgh treat before, but we knew that the one who's leaving is a fan, since she's ordering a burnt almond torte wedding cake (genius!).  Given all of the hype, we were eager to sample this unique dessert, and as usual with much-hyped things, I was skeptical.I knew the cake was a winner as soon as I put a bite of it in my mouth.  It was light and fluffy, consisting of a layer of creamy, custardy goodness between two layers of cake, and light, sweet icing topped with flakes of almond with sugar sprinkled over them.  The combination of textures was the most unique I've ever tasted in a cake, and between the fluffiness, creaminess, and crunchiness, it was oh-so-satisfying.  The flavors were a surprisingly rich blend of vanilla, almond, and buttery goodness.  The cake literally melted in my mouth--no chewing was necessary, except for the topping.As the icing on the cake (no pun intended!), the cake was beautifully decorated with colorful icing flowers and piped script, which brightened up the cake and made it a pleasure to behold.  While it was a bit on the pricey side ($45 for a half-sheet cake), it was worth every penny.  For those just wanting to try a single portion of this legendary concoction, Prantl's serves burnt almond torte bars (not sure how much they cost).  Try some, and you just might be as obsessed as me and the folks at HuffPo!
2	I really wanted to like this bakery! I came in with high expectations, I'll admit, because I thought I had heard good things about it. I bought about four different pastries to sample with a friend so we could eat them with our coffee across the street. Though the presentation of the treats were lovely, every single one I picked out was sickeningly sweet and tasted the same as the next. Far too much frosting on each pastry and we only could finish one small pastry between the two of us. Overall, unimpressed. However, it probably doesn't help that I had just come back from Austria which arguably has the best pastries in the world!
5	Amazing pastries! Gotta go and check it out.  We had the almond tort, cream horn and the gob. All great! Reasonable prices too.
5	Oh, baked almond torte, how I love you. Why, though, must you be so caloric!?!  It distresses me that I must save you for special occasions.
5	Burnt almond torte. So good! Definitely lives up to its reputation. I was sad they didn't sell it by the slice, but it's probably a good business decision for them because I bought a whole cake. Lots of other tasty-looking cookies and breads but those will have to wait until the next time I'm in Pittsburgh!
4	I quite enjoy Prantl's and have been getting birthday cakes and assorted pastries from here for a few years now.All of the pastries and cakes that I've bought have been quite yummy and well sized  It would be nice if they offered more fresh baked goods than they currently do, since it's hard to find fresh baked goods in Shadyside.  The pastries are fairly priced but the cakes are pretty expensive.I would definitely recommend going here if you are looking for a tasty treat.
5	1 word: Mmmmmmmmm! Though they don't have the greatest variety of goodies, you will be hard pressed to find better made and surprisingly rich items. They are most famous for their almond tortes- I first tried one at a party- and they do not disappoint. From pastries to tortes to cakes, every goodie I have tried has been close to exceptional. One suggestion I would have is for them to make a larger variety of croissants, as the chocolate ones are the only ones they have. A great little place to stop in on the weekend for a treat.
5	MY OH MY can prantl's make a Cali girl feel like she's in heaven!Came here today for the famous almond torte and left with an almond torte, apple strudel, and a pizza roll. All reminded me of Beyonce, they were friggin fabulous. I did have to scrape some of the torte's frosting off because I did not want to overdue the sweets. I normally do this with cakes and cupcakes so this is not a diss to Prantl's. It is a diss to myself for not being a part of the frosting is the best part of the cake club. Definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in town!
5	We had an engagement cake made and it was absolutely delicious. Everyone commented on how good it was and how beautiful it looked. Ordering it was very easy and even when I needed to have it made one day earlier they had no problem doing it. I will definitely be buying all of my cakes from here!
5	Oh. My. Goodness. Try their sugar cookies or their almond cake-- you will be in sweet tooth heaven. The only thing I dislike about this place is that it's not open 24/7.
5	Best desserts I've ever eaten. While I am a chocolate girl normally, I have to agree the burnt almond torte is out of this world. For a smaller version try the burnt almond cup...about the size of half a small cupcake, but just as delicious and a very controlled portion. Not that i was interested in this this weekend...my husband and I got a variety of cups...2 dozen to be exact with plans to take them out to friends and family. Our friends and family got some of the second dozen, but we housed the first and a few of the second.Next to the burnt almond cup (I've only had the cups) my favorites were the red velvet (take that all you stupid cupcake trucks), the german chocolate and the white chocolate rasperry. But they were all good...I couldn't say any were something I wouldn't steal from a small child. I love how all the cups these are like sushi in their delivery.you get a bit of everything in each small bite.One thing to be aware of...some of their cups are *very* sweet so if you're not a fan of sugar I might suggest the tiramisu or german choclate...they are a little less sugary than the rest.
5	I went in for cupcakes.... No occasion just a sweet tooth sugar addict.I came out with fruit pastries (apricot Danish and a pineapple Danish?!)A few cupcakes (red velvet... Something with roasted almonds on top, some sort of lemon cupcake, some type of carrot cake cupcake)Everything was delicious, moist, proper, not too sweet, not too oily, nothing! Amazing!! So those are my reasons for 4 stars, my 5th star alone is for their CINNAMON ROLL!!! I fell in love and didn't even go in for one!!! one of the best I've had in life I ate half warm and half cold and both ways were deliciously amazing!!
4	So glad I popped in here! I love local bakeries and this one is tremendous! The almond torte is too die for! Also sampled the cookies and cream, red velvet and peanut butter. Ranked:1. Almond torte2. Red velvet3. Cookies and cream4. Peanut butter (wasn't anything super special, but the flavors above were superb!)I binge are three & didn't feel guilty.
5	A Pittsburgh gem.  I adore Prantl's Bakery. It is a must visit if you have friends or family in town. They have a tasty selection of pastries, cakes, cookies and donuts.  Each more sugary and delicious than the next. By far my favorite are the small cake cups.  The perfect little treat while shopping along Walnut St. There are so many flavors to chose from but I can never go past the classic burnt almond custard cup or the seasonal pumpkin cake  cup. That buttercream frosting is heaven!   Also, hats off to the staff who maintain composure even in the midst of the weekend onslaught when people pack in like sardines to get their sweet fix.
4	Best doughnuts in Pittsburgh. I generally pass on other baked goods. Mediocre bread.Generally unfriendly staff, but Walnut St. attracts pretty arrogant customers - so it makes sense.
