5	My bf and I went out to find some restaurant we'd never heard of. We couldn't find it, but saw the sign for Mezzo in a strip mall. In the parking lot, I said, "wow, this place won't be around for long. this is the worst location, ever!"We walked in to a jammed restaurant with a 20 minute wait to be seated!The place was warm, inviting, nicely decorated, and besides, if it was that busy, apparently it was worth waiting for. So, we cozied up to the bar and found out that Mezzo is a new restaurant by Chef Marc, former owner of the sadly defunct Marc's over on Lake Mead.I can't believe this gem is in my back yard. Have you ever had a Margherita pizza? It's a snooze, right? Wrong. Not this. It didn't look extraordinary, but when I put it in my mouth, it was the best rendition of this type of pizza that I've ever had. Great sauce. Fresh mozzarella. Perfect crust. The dinner salads was one of the best salads I've ever had.My Tuscan Tenderloin (pork in a savory wine sauce with apples and cauliflower), was one of the best dishes I've ever eaten.Are you detecting a trend yet?This place is an absolute jewel. One of the highlights of local dining. If it's out of your way, make the drive! You won't be disappointed.
1	MAYBE BUCCA AND OLIVE GARDEN ARE NOT SO BAD!!!!!!!!!!! Hello,    I was taken by my boyfriend to your resturat for Valentine's Day! IT WAS HORRIBLE from the service to the food! Seriously we both work in the food industry (hes a GM) and it just blew my mind how things were handled in your restaurant... 1st we sat at the bar and didn't get acknowledged so when our table was available we sat for a good 10 min before we were asked what we were drinking.... I'm assuming he was the busier he explained he could only get non-alcoholic drinks.....  We were given little 4oz glasses not even filled up? Is that a joke? The couple next to us had real water glasses!!! Then the server came about 10 min later we ordered our wine and beer... He came back with my beer and told my boyfriend they were looking for his wine.... 20 min later it was "unavailable" Took over an hour to get out food as your server mike came to the table and says "sir 10 more SECONDS!!!!!!!!!!!! really it was 30 min later we arrived at 6:45 and hadn't got our dinner till 8:20!!!! You do the math!... really spaghetti!!! Oh and Mike's excuse was that the customers who did your 5course meal were to be served be for people who ordered off the menu WHAT KIND OF ANSWER IS THAT?????YOUR MANAGER, who knew there was a problem ignored us didn't even acknowledge us!!!! Didn't even offer to buy us a drink!!!!!! The couple next to us was just as UN happy with your servers lies and excuses! They WERE your customer's for 2yrs and they wont be back... We were referred by a good friend and I promise you we will NEVER REFER YOU TO ANYONE!FYI Chix piccata with penne pasta and marinara???? really???? WORST 70 DOLLAR MEAL DIDNT EVEN WANT TO TIP HOWEVER I DID KNOWING IT WASNT ALL THE SERVERS FAULT!
3	Mezzo is no longer owned by Chef Marc, but they aren't so quick to mention that.Given that it's an independent restaurant far away from the Strip, perhaps I shouldn't complain. But the last time I ate here, I was horribly disappointed. 3 stars is being charitable.I took some clients here, who wanted to eat at a "locals" restaurant, and was told that I don't get to pick restaurants anymore. :-9
4	The Enviorment is very lovely . The food is rustic italian ( great stuff )  you can tell  alot of work goes into dishes  the pizza dough, ravioli and orecchiette are made on site and their sauces arent frozen unlike most italian franchises  .. most definately  better then  any other  italian joint ( cough 0live garden )
2	The 2 stars are for the food. That's the only thing about this place that was positive. We came here to celebrate the engagement of friends on a Saturday night. There were 12 of us. 12 people (military), new to Vegas, that would most likely come eat here again and tell other people to come here if it was a good place to eat. From the beginning our server was rude. When asked if something was good he responded "yeah... it's all good.".  I asked if he had any crackers as we had a squirmy 9 month old with us. He says "No. No crackers."Finally after 10 more minutes of more whining I desperately ask if they have anything, even bread. That's when he brings out the bread for the table. Clearly he was not going to bring that out unless we asked for it. Nice. Don't get me wrong, I know I should have brought my own food for the baby, but I wouldn't have cared if the server even just said "no, sorry, we don't have crackers." He was just so short with us, it was offensive. There was a girl assisting him in refilling drinks, etc. Our drinks were refilled once and were never touched again. The thing that weirded us all out was when we ordered entrees the server said "soup or salad?" So we all picked our soup or salad. One of the peple with us asked him "what kind of salad is it? Is it Ceasar?" and he says "yeah you can have that if you want." At this point I was confused and asked what kind of salad we ordered and he said whatever we wanted, yet he didn't have us specify when we said salad. That's when it came to our attention the entrees didn't come with a side, he was just upselling and being extremely sneaky about it. Oh yes, and he corrected my husband on the proper pronunciation of the dish he ordered. Very professional. When we ordered I asked for separate tickets. The food came out relatively fast. It was good.We were never asked if everything was good. Finally it was time to pay. He brought out one separate ticket and then grouped the other 9 people on one ticket, even though I asked for them to be divided when we ordered. When the other people asked for him to divide it he told us "nobody but them asked for separate tickets."The gratuity was not added to our ticket and I only tipped 10%. The other people we were with did that same, if not less. After rudely collecting the tip slips before we were close to leaving, he slams down the girl's share of the money (for helping him) and she said "THANKS" (loudly) and glared at our table. Oh, that reminds me. They were shining silverware during the meal and I watched her pick something off our server's face as she had silverwear in one hand. After she was done getting his eyelash or whatever it was she went right back to touching the silverware. I wanted to gag. I have been a waitress. I know the job isn't easy, especially when you have bigger tables. But the place was pretty much dead on a Saturday night (I now understand why) and this guy didn't try, at all.  I don't think we will be back. And that makes me sad because that margherita pizza was damn good. So was the antipasto salad. Bad service just ruined that entire experience.
3	I came here to do lunch with my co-workers once and the food is decent. I've had their soup once and their chicken piccata and it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. The chicken piccata for lunch was a VERY VERY small portion that will most likely not even feed a normal American child so I went back to work finding myself hungry again after an hour or so =(.
3	We go here quite often, but tonight they were a bit off on the customer service.  Not that busy......but we were not given extra water or ice tea service.  Waiter young, not a suctomer oriented as the last time we were there.  Different staff.  Tonight just fair.
3	Are you Experienced? Our waitress was! She had worked at 99 other restaurants in her epic career.  This was her 100th.  I don't know how it was at her 99 other jobs, but apparently Passion Fruit Tea = Iced Tea in her highly experienced Career.  My Better Half was rather disappointed by this fact, since she assumed we knew by her answer to the question "Do you have Sweet Tea?" as "We Have Iced Tea".  Some might have said "We have Passion Fruit Tea" but 'fortunately' her experience convinced her otherwise.Overall, an average Italian experience for me.  They allow you to chose your own level of spiciness on a scale of 1 to 4. I said 3, but I felt more like that was the piquance level for babies. But perhaps it was more that my Frutti Di Mare does not lend itself well to spiciness.Our party of 6 had a bit of a wait for the food, and bread was not provided as quickly as would have been optimum, but overall a decent meal.Nothing special, but not bad either.
3	We had heard via a friend the Mezza was a nice, new bistro with good wine, so when our original plans to try Indian fell through and we found ourselves in the area, we decided to try it.The decor is typical Italian bistro-ish and nicely lit. The music choice and volume were appropriate for the decor and time of day. We were seated promptly and looked at the menu boards by the kitchen for the specials.My friend was right, the wine list is great! While not extensive by the glass....very reasonable and anyone would be able to find something suited to their palate and price range. We asked what the ($6) house red was and were informed it was our choice of Tobin James Cabernet or Merlot. These were on the menu at $10 a glass, so I clarified what the house red was and got the same answer. I got the cab and my partner got a glass of Fat Cat Pinot. Both were lovely and we both ordered a second glass of the cab (especially at the price!)We ordered the Mediterranean salmon and the Baked Portobello appetizer, but as an entree over linguine. The salmon was plated beautifully and was nice....not out of this world, but edible and seasoned appropriately. A bowl was brought for the mussel shells and sauce was tasty, but not epic and not Ginas!The Portobello plate came with no spinach and was sloppily presented, like they slid it on the plate in a hurry and it barely made it on; no garnish and the plate not wiped. The 4 cheeses were very, very rich and the dish was salty (probably owing to all the cheese) but tasty, especially once I asked for the spinach which they wilted perfectly and cut the richness down to a tolerable level.Service started well and overall no major complaints except when we needed wine or the spinach it took a quite a few minutes to get our server's attention. In his defense, the place filled up with large tables (good for them, nice to see it is popular) and those take time, so we understood. I think I would have staffed one more bus person/food runner to help keep things going to the table, water filled up, etc. We did notice food sitting at the kitchen counter for quite awhile...luckily it wasn't ours!Bill was reasonable ($65 for 2 people) even though we were actually charged $10 a glass for the wine, not the $6, but it was delicious and one glass was left off.....so no complaints:)We might  come back for the wine and some appetizers, and depending on the service and food then might bring friends for a casual dinner that is close to home. If you are in the area, it is worth a stop and I think when the patio opens in the summer it will be even better!
2	Our first mistake was deciding on where to go for dinner a little late in the evening. When we arrived I was super hungry. We had two servers, neither of which could seem to serve us with any decency in speed or clarity. By the time our food arrived, I felt like I had already been in the restaurant way too long. There were quite a few other patrons in the place, but it wasn't packed with a wait to be seated. My second mistake was assuming that Tea is unflavored. No, it's Passion Fruit Tea. Adam Carolla has a rant about Passion Fruit Tea, and I am thinking of joining his Army after my experience at Mezzo. All she had to do was to give me a heads up. Heck, I might have even ordered it even knowing, but when I took a sip of my tea, expecting a familiar taste only to find that I had been fooled. My food was good, but maybe it was just because I was so starved by the time it arrived that I would have enjoyed a shoe just as much. I can say ONE positive thing about Mezzo, and it's that their Pizza Frittes dessert is PHENOMENAL! They're fried dough bites with powered sugar, similar to bits of funnel cake. I ordered mine to go (since we had been there so long that I felt like I had moved into the place), and they piled them high in the take out box. They were even good the next day. I would go back to Mezzo just for the Pizza Frittes but definitely get them to go....without the tea.
5	What a great surprise we have found. We were taking potential business partners out to lunch and they suggested Mezzo, which turns out to be right up the road from our office. Upon entering we were greeted by a extremely friendly server with a complete knowledge of the menu. The service was spot on and the bistro itself was very clean and comfortable. I have now eaten there several times, and have yet to be disappointed. My first experience I had the veal piccata with a side of rigatoni in a great gravy (Jersey) and a delicious side salad served with a strawberry and great vinegarette dressing. Since then I have discovered the antipasto, WOW the best I have ever had, hands down.  I need to start trying other items but the last few times we all seem to share the antipasto, a margharita pizza with buffalo mozzarella cheese and an order of the "chicken riggies"  are the best. My fellow employees ordered pasta fagloli and eggplant pram, and are stroll raving about how good and fresh it was. The owners and management are pouring their heart and soul into this operation and it shows. If you get the chance make sure you stop in, I promise you'll be back if you do!!
5	Love Mezzo's! I've been there three times now and they never fail to bring out excellent food. They are a little slow, but that's because everything is cooked fresh to order and you can really taste the difference this makes. Also, they now offer gluten free pasta cooked to perfection! If you have special dietary needs, Mezzo will definitely alter their dishes to serve your needs.
5	This is our favorite place to eat in Las Vegas!  We liked it so much we had our Wedding Rehearsal Dinner here, and our family and friends still rave about it.My wife and I found this place on a lark one Friday night after a long week and we were immediately hooked.  The decor is inviting and classy, but not overwhelming.  One side of the restaurant features a bar with a couple of TVs, but they aren't distracting from the rest of the place.  The wait staff is friendly, efficient and knowledgable in both the food and wine menus.  Daily specials are consistently unique and delicious and the specialties of the main menu are the Gorgonzola Filet, Orecchiette & Sausage and the Roasted Pork (it's about 2" thick and you can cut it without a knife).  Bottom line: The service and food is on par with MUCH more expensive restaurants at a reasonable price (about $50 for 2 entrees and wine).
4	My fiancee and I went to Mezzo for our anniversary. It was the perfect place for this type of occasion. Everyone was really friendly. Our waiter did not seem to have great knowledge about the menu but what he lacked in knowledge he made up for in eagerness to help and friendliness. It had a very nice, laidback vibe and the decor was very pleasant. We ordered the antipasto and it was huge. I think it is the perfect size to share between 4 people. I had the filetto gorgonzola (I decided on the 8 oz over the 5 oz) and it was really good - it was affordable ($28), the gorgonzola was very good, and the filet was cooked perfectly. My fiancee ordered the orrechiette housemade pasta (around $14) and it was very good although the texture was a little different (not melt in your mouth and somewhat thick). It had a good spicy flavor since he chose to get Italian sausage instead of sweet sausage. We were too full by the end of dinner to have dessert but each had an espresso. I would recommend going here. The food is good and very affordable, the wait staff is very attentive, they have a $10 corkage fee if you want to bring in your own wine, and this place has a really nice vibe. I will definitely be going back here!
4	Service was great even though they were busy, wine was affordable by the glass, the filet mignon was cooked perfectly (3 of us ordered it), portebello mushroom appetizer was ok on a huge bed of spinach
2	Make sure you PRINT the Facebook coupon if you want the discount that is splashed all over the menu boards. I dont know what kind of tech marketing expects people to actually Print a hard copy and then bring it. The temperature outside was hot and the restaurant was warm inside also. I don't know if the AC was broken or it just couldn't cool it down, but it was uncomfortable. The order took 45 minutes from the time it was placed until it was served, and we only had a salad and one of the specials. The food was good, but not great. We eat out all the time and don't think this one will be high on my list. This was our second visit and the first experience was similar.
4	My husband and I love trying new restaurants so when a friend suggested Mezzo we were excited about trying it. Anyone that lives in the area knows that there are very few choices for a good meal in the area. As soon as we walked I was impressed by the decor. I noticed a room off to the side that would be perfect to host a birthday party or baby shower or something of the sort.    We love wine so we opted to sit at the bar. I must say that this was the best decision we made all night. The bartender was very knowledgeable of the wines they carried and was very helpful helping us pair the wine with our meal. They had a great selection that was priced very reasonably.   For my entree I ordered the chicken parmigian.  My husband ordered the veal piccata. My chicken parm. was very good. But the veal piccata was Amazing! I am usually not a fan of veal so I was reluctant when my husband kept trying to get me to taste it. But i was so glad I did. Not only did I like it I am planning on ordering it next time we go.   I was so full after dinner that I wasn't planning on ordering desert but i have such a sweet tooth that we decided to split a dessert. We ordered the chocolate cake and it was to die for!!!  Needless to say we both left the restaurant full and happy.   I am so grateful that we no longer have to drive to the other side of town to get great italian food!
4	Went to Mezzo Bistro for lunch after finding a coupon on Restaurant.com. We like to try new restaurants and were looking for a new Italian place. We have been going to Carraba's, but it is expensive, usually $150 for four. We definitely found our Italian place. Mezzo's food is as good, if not better, and ALOT cheaper, even without the coupon. We were greeted when we walked in and seated. The place was empty, but it was mid afternoon on Tuesday. The waiter, Dan, was very attentive. Our drinks never got empty and he checked on us frequently, but not too often. The food was excellent. I had the chicken picatta. The flavors mixed very well and the chicken was tender and moist. The pasta was al dente, just the way it should be. My wife had a margherita pizza. The crust was light and topping full of flavor. My mother in law, an east coast Italian, had the eggplant parm. She said it was the best she'd had in a very long time. I had to knock a star off because they were out of chocolate mousse, my wife's favorite, and because I would expect Italian music not a mix of genre's, mostly rock. The background music was a distraction and did not fit the restaurant. We will definitely return for dinner and see if the initial impression holds up, I think it will.
2	Went to Mezzo last night for dinner. After the fabulous lunch thought dinner would be as good, if not better. WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT. Service was slow to appear, when he finally greeted us,without any introduction, the waiter, name unknown, first asked if we wanted water, when we declined he left without asking about any other drink orders. When he returned to take our food order he again tried to leave without asking about drinks, even though 1 in our party ordered coffee. I caught him and ordered the drinks. The meatball app and the mushroom apps were outstanding, lots of flavor, the reason it gets 2 stars. We thought if this is an indication the dinner should be great. The lasagna was flavorless and totally "unremarkable" per 1 in my party. If there was ricotta cheese in it it was old and lost all flavor. He said he could only taste the noodles, everything else had no taste. Another had the salmon special, salmon with a white coating over risotto. Salmon just OK, risotto no flavor, no seasoning and undercooked, stuck to your teeth and a little crunchy. The eggplant parm was NOWHERE near the flavor of the lunch serving. Flavor was bland and seemed undercooked, WAY too much cheese, not enough flavor. My steak milinase was steak beaten flat, to remove all taste, and coated with something that did not have much flavor and didn't accent the steak at all, tasted kind of like Sizzler chicken fried steak, with less coating and less flavor. Toward the middle of the meal someone, again name unknown,  not even sure he worked there, asked how our dinner was. We asked about the lasagna prep and were told it was made that way on purpose, without much seasoning as were the rest of what we had. The waiter only returned 1 time to check on us, right after the entree's were served. I thought we had found a place as good as Carraba's, for lunch yes, dinner definitely NOT.
3	Solid three star. I probably won't return but the food was acceptable. There are just so many better places to eat! We had a restaurant.com coupon so we took the drive from the strip to try it out. We ordered the meatball and asparagus appetizers and the calabrese pizza. The meatballs were large but very dense with a tomato sauce that wasn't very flavorful. The asparagus was fine but I would have preferred the prosciutto to be wrapped around the asparagus instead of a couple slices on top. The pizza was a big disappointment. Wood fired was advertised and you could see the pizza oven but the final product was not up to par. The pizza kind of looked like a take and bake pizza and it was undercooked. Had canoli for dessert and it was fine. Total bill was ~$40 (one iced tea to drink). Service was friendly but the food needs some work to compete in Vegas.
1	Overall, it was a terrible experience. Started off a little worried because the restaurant was nearly empty after walking in but we decided to give it a try, which was a very bad move. First came the calamari which tasted very rubbery, hard to chew, and probably overcooked or maybe reheated leftovers (literally it was the worst I've ever ate). Then came the entrees... my entree was mediocre and the girlfriend said hers was gross, I tried hers and sure enough it was terrible. I kept offering her to eat my dish instead but she didn't enjoy my dish either. I felt terrible considering I had suggested this place. To make things worse, the server never visited our table after delivering our entrees and both of our drinks went empty and stayed that way. I had to flag down a random waitress multiple times because our server decided to inventory the bar instead of tending to his patrons. Then, to top it off, they gave us the wrong bill! I highly recomend going to ANY other italian restaurant if thats what you are in the mood for.
2	I can't lie, the lamb chops were amazing and so was the toasted bread appetizer. The only real complaint that I have is the service. The waiters never come around to check on your table nor are they easy to find and flag down. Once being seated it took the waiter 21 minutes to comeback to our table to take our orders. The restaurant wasn't busy at all. Maybe three tables were occupied.They also have an outside sitting area that faces the parking lot so the time it takes to get served and have your bill delivered you can eat and hop right into your car and leave and I bet that they won't even know you're missing.After we finished our meals it took the waiter another 15 minutes to bring our bill to us.Overall, a great place to eat. A bit expensive but worth every penny. And make sure you have patience and a lot of time on your hands because you're going to be waiting forever on your meals, drinks, and service.
2	I got one of those coupons from Amazon to try this place out and decided to bring my wife and 3 teenage daughters for a family dinner. The decorations are nice tuscan style and a bit overdone, but the place looks cozy and we were greeted with smiles all around. Betsy, our waitress was prompt, courteous, and thorough. I had a quick glance at the wine list and saw nothing like a house red. The cheapest glass of wine was somewhere around $8, but I was not drinking wine so I didn't give the list that much attention. My wife had the 6oz Filet Mignon with Gorgonzola cream. It was outstanding and well balanced, with a side of sauteed mushrooms on the plate that she subbed for the mashed potatoes. The side portion of asparagus consisted of 3 thin spears. The kids all had the pizzas and they all turned out to be well made, flavorful, and balanced. My dish of choice was Oriechette Calabrese, a homemade pasta dish that sounded and tasted great, the only problem here was that the dish was far and away the smallest dish of pasta I have ever been served in my life. At $18 for this dish, I felt cheated. It really put a damper on my evening. I wasn't expecting Buca Di Beppo size portions, but this was ABSOLUTELY REDICULOUS! I ate it in 4-5 bites. Overall, the bill came to $96 before the discount and that was with only 2 soda pops and no wine. This place is trying to be too upscale, charging premium prices and putting small portions on the plate. I will not return. There are other places that have better value.
5	I can say it in one word... AMAZING!!!  The service was impeccable, the food was to die for, and the ambiance was charming!  I ordered the beef wellington which was on special, and my husband the meat lasagna.  Both items were both full of flavor, and the filet was cooked to a beautiful medium rare (which sometimes can be tricky with a wellington.)  Our server was extremely friendly and anticipated our every need.  We didn't have to ask for a thing... it would just arrive!  A+  Mezzo Bistro... We will definitely be returning!
5	Mezzo ! Living in North Las Vegas has its drawbacks, since its difficult to find a free standing restraunt that is not in a casino that has nice ambiance & good food.We were here for a last minute New Years Eve dinner.  We had no reservations & we were dressed like we'd just attended a livestock auction or something on that level.  Anywhoo, they seated us promptly & it was packed.  The chow was fabulous.  I had a steak that was perfect & my companion had Fruitti Di Mar.  Even the wine selection & recommendations were spot on.Ladies have wine night there on Wed nights.  Hell yes, Ive been & its a freaking fun time.  The only thing that would make that more fun would be a sharp dressed funny & charming guy bartender........wouldn't hurt.  Just sayin,Love love love Mezzo.
5	Tonight we enjoyed an evening with Betsey and Sean from Mezzo. The atmosphere was casual and the food was magnificent. We enjoyed ourselves immensely. We started with a bottle of Cab. The wine list proved a nice selection with good prices. We had the appetizer of Portobello Mushroom and Spinach, so delightful. I could haven eaten this as my meal with a side of plain pasta. It was cheesy and bread sopping good. Our meals consisted of Frutti Di Mare and Riggi's. Both were fabulous, and plentiful. The portions and price were amazing. We ended our evening with dessert of Tiramisu.  Talk about delicious and homemade. The ladyfingers were soaked in espresso. A taste that really shown through the creamy marscapone custard filling. It was a dessert that packed a lot of flavor for the delicateness of plate. We were impressed and will be back. The GM, Sean went out of his way to introduce himself, talk personally to us, and was very appreciative of the business. Our server Betsey was attentive and made sure that our needs were taken care of, even though she was swamped. She made us feel that we were the only customers in the restaurant. Kudos to the staff for an excellent evening.
5	A wonderful evening was had and greatly enjoyed from the food to the ambiance.We started with a bottle of Cab. The wine list proved a nice selection with good prices. We had the appetizer of Portobello Mushroom and Spinach, so delightful. I could haven eaten this as my meal with a side of plain pasta. It was cheesy and bread sopping good. Our meals consisted of Frutti Di Mare and Riggi's. Both were fabulous, and plentiful. The portions and price were amazing. We ended our evening with dessert of Tiramisu.  Talk about delicious and homemade. The ladyfingers were soaked in espresso. A taste that really shown through the creamy marscapone custard filling. It was a dessert that packed a lot of flavor for the delicateness of plate. We were impressed and will be back. The GM, Sean went out of his way to introduce himself, talk personally to us, and was very appreciative of the business. Our server Betsey was attentive and made sure that our needs were taken care of, even though she was swamped. She made us feel that we were the only customers in the restaurant. Kudos to the staff for an excellent evening.
4	This was a pleasant new find for me.  Armed with a Groupon, and accompanied by another couple, I knew nothing about this bistro except that it served Italian food.  So, I gave it a full gustatory workout to see what it might bring to the table.We opened with very good fresh Italian bread and Fried Calamari with peperoncini added.  This appetizer came with a mild Marinara Sauce, and my request for Lemon Aioli as an additional dipping choice was graciously accommodated without charge.  As for the Calamari itself, the rings were very good, somewhat better tasting than the tentacles.  Requested butter was quickly provided for the bread.   Italian Wedding Soup was very odd.  It contained spinach leaves as expected, but also cut carrots and a lot of white chicken meat.  I had to send it back, because it wasn't very hot and contained no meatballs as Italian Wedding Soup should.  The restaurant manager and co-owner who was making the rounds of tables agreed; normally included meatballs were missing from my bowl.  When it returned, the small meatballs were the best part, but I didn't like the included tiny tubular pasta noodles that much.The rest of the dinner soared.  A dinner-size classic Caesar Salad contained firm green leaves of Romaine Lettuce, crunchy croutons, and a good creamy Caesar Dressing.  The portion was generous and took awhile to finish.  The huge portion of Eggplant Parmesan that immediately followed was cheesy, saucy, and quite delicious--magnificent, and the best of its kind I have ever eaten.  My fellow diners were also pleased with their food.  A brick of Meat Lasagna and Veal Alfredo looked particularly appealing.There was no room or time for any dessert.  We had to dash off to the Cannery to arrive in time to see the last scheduled performance of "Red Tails" on its opening night.  I will sample Mezzo Italian Bistro's several dessert offerings on another day.Seating was comfortable in the cozy bistro, our servers were friendly, and service was good.  Dinner and the movie that followed constituted a fine night out!  A reprise will soon be in order.
4	My wife and I have eaten at Mezzo's twice now. Food has been exceptional in all respects both times. Always fresh made and hot. This evening we had the hot antipasto appetizer, the meat lasagna and the eggplant parmesean. Everything was delicious including the caesar salads. Portions were great with leftovers for take home. Service tonight was perfect, not to slow not to fast. All in all we might have found a new Cafe Michele's. We will be back
5	food and atmosphere was great, will definitely be back with my family again
5	Amazing!!! Best meal I have had in a long time. Pork tenderloin!!!! FO!!!This is my new favorite place!!!
2	We have been 4 times. 3 good meals, one awful! Awful enough to be the last visit!Service is poor, totally understaffed. We have stood at reception for ages each time!Prices are reasonableGood small barThe fruiti de mare is very good, and they will vary spice level.Lasagna is pretty predictableSpaghetti and meatballs were very bready and way too spicy.The lamb special this week was tough and tasteless . They swapped it fast for fruiti de mare but it was not as good as usual. I think I may have been punished by chef for insulting his crappy lamb dish.To finish the night in style I got old cold coffee, but they comped really tasteless tiramisu !
5	Great meal. The Australian Lamb Skewers and Risotto was delicious on special.  The doublecut porkchop is always great and keeps this as one of my favorite local restaurants in the valley.
5	Would have never found this restaurant if it hadn't been for Groupon!  What a gem hidden in North Las Vegas.  I'm very puzzled by the reviews that didn't have a good experience because ours was nothing but positive from the service to the food!  Maybe you should have asked to speak with the owner so your problems could have been rectified?  Anyway, we live in North Las Vegas and will definitely put Mezzo Italian Bistro on our favorite list.  How nice to have a place to sip a glass wine, eat wonderful pasta, and just relax, all within 5 minutes of home!  We loved the calamari which was so tender, and the fettucini and white clam sauce was terrific!  We ate on the patio and the whole experience was wonderful!
3	Recently took my friend for her birthday and it was a nice dinner! However, there were a few things.  We went during Happy Hour and yet were still charged the regular price & the calamari was rubbery! The service did take a little too long & we had to go to the waiter to request another drink instead of them checking on us.  Overall, it was decent and the food was good! I might go back but only if I'm in the area and in the mood for Italian.
3	This place is ok...a bit pricey. The service was good. Not sure if we will be back.
2	My husband and I finally made a stop here for dinner after driving by dozens of times.  We had almost stopped in before, but decided against it after seeing the prices.  This time I came armed with coupon in hand.It's a cute little restaurant with comfortable chairs and a patio for outdoor dining.  It has a Tuscan feel and would make a great spot to meet up with some friends.  It wasn't too busy when we came so we were taken care of right away.They start you off with fresh bread and a side of oil and vinegar.  The bread was light and fluffy and the oil and vinegar were good quality.  I do think it would be better if they could serve the oil and vinegar on a plate instead of the bowl they served ours in- it was difficult to mix the two ingredients.  The first few bites of bread were covered in oil only and then only vinegar towards the end.We ordered a house salad to share before our entrees.  It was large enough to share as an appetizer, but it wouldn't be big enough to order as a meal at dinner.  The salad was pretty standard but also came with chickpeas and ricotta.  The chickpeas were a little bland but the ricotta was a nice touch.  The vinaigrette was tasty and light and the salad was dressed perfectly, however, the veggies weren't very fresh which always makes me sad.I ordered the eggplant parmesan.  I was a little nervous because the menu stated that it wasn't fried... Who doesn't fry eggplant parm?  But I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was breaded and baked to provide a nice crunch while eliminating all that greasiness many fried eggplant parms have.  This entree comes with a small side of penne with marinara, which was ok but the sauce was a little too sweet for me.  Pasta aside, the eggplant is a good dish.My husband had the vegetable lasagna.  He enjoyed it, but I wasn't as fond of it as the eggplant parm.  There was a bit too much ricotta and I think the mushrooms might have been a little old.  Also, there was something else that tasted off to me.... I want to say nutmeg but I'm not sure.  Our server was great and our water glasses never got less than half full before someone refilled it.  The only problem we had was that it seemed to take forever to get our food.  Not sure why considering there weren't too many people in the restaurant while we were there.We found out that they have happy hour from 4 pm- 8 pm Monday through Saturday.  $3 for house wine and beer, and I think $3 or $4 for well drinks.  They also offer half off some of the appetizers.  This is only at the bar.I'm interested in coming back for happy hour and maybe ordering a pizza.  The bar was nice and would make a good after-work date with my husband.  I'm not sure if I'd come back for dinner though- the only way I would consider it is with another coupon.
2	Mezzo was amazing before Chef Alfredo left.  The food was AMAZING and the service was better than that. Each time we'd visit, Alfredo would pay a visit to our table to welcome us, and willingly prepare off the menu delights. Those days are gone. And the food has deteriorated. What a shame. We miss you. Alfredo! We've followed Chef Marc to Parma.
4	Brought my friend for her early birthday dinner and decided to take the risk as she loves her Italian fare.  Being a big Chicago Foodie and taking another Chicago foodie, I had my hesitation based on other yelp reviews. I have to say, we all loved this place and find this as a hidden gem close to us.  We had the portabello appetizer and an antipasto salad.  The portabello was so good and rich enough to be a pasta dish itself and the antipasto salad that was for two people, but enough for six.  I had the eggplant parmesan and it wasn't as fresh as I would like and was disappointed.  The meat lasagna was phenomenal and taste homemade.  The chicken parmesan was really fresh and the meat was real tender.  Even for a person who doesn't like chicken parmesan, I would consider ordering it myself next time.  Didn't have desserts as the entrees itself was so rich and filling.  Will have to try pizza next time and venture into dessert.  Our waiter was very courteous and attentive.  He kept coming around and did a phenomenonal job to make sure the drinks were filled and unused plates were bussed.  I don't know why the reviews were rated poorly and I'm glad that my friend enjoyed her experience here and will forgo other Italian restaurants.  Knowing good food and service as a Las Vegas transplant from Chicago, I will not hesitate to bring out of town guests here myself.
1	Came in at 12;30pm for a lunch. Brought my wife and daughter. We were the only people in this restaurant. We we seated and handed menus. The lunch menu was limited, but I finally settled on the wood fired sausage and goat cheese pizza. The mezzo. My wife had the chicken parm. My daughter wanted fettuccine alfredo, but it wasn't on the menu. I asked if the chef could make that. The server went to ask and informed us that yes they could. Very nice I thought. I really enjoyed the waitress, because she was attentive to us, and when I pointed out that 2 of our forks were dirty before we even used them she had us clean ones asap. Our food arrives and my pizza was a big letdown. I do not know how that could of been a wood fired pizza. It was tasteless, and could of been a frozen pizza. My daughters fettuccine alfredo tasted like milk.. Warm milk on fettuccine. Not good. I only ate one piece of the pizza. My wife's chicken parm was surprisingly good with no complaints. I really cannot ever see myself ever coming back. Not worth my hard earned money when there are so many different better options out there.
5	love this place!! we have been coming here for years, the new owner Sean is awesome. the chef and the staff are fantastic. ask for Steve or Betsy.  the food and wine are great!!! nice atmosphere.
4	Never realized this place existed and found it because of a GroupOn. It was very nice. Though a little loud, it had a dark, romantic setting. There was live music, good food, attentive service and it was reasonably priced. Despite it being a Friday night, we got right in and not because the place wasn't busy - it was.
2	I was excited to try a new Italian restaurant close to home. It's a cute little restaurant, good vibe, server was friendly. BUT when I asked questions about the menu she was not very knowledgeable. I do not know if I will return to give this place another chance. I wasn't too  impressed with the food.
3	Our appetizers were amazing & the wine.My pasta was under done & my husbands steak was not worth $24.Will try again tho
2	Great food, fresh and friendly service. Best italian restaurant in North West Las Vegas.Inconsistent service
5	Absolute favorite Italian restaurant. The Chicken Riggies is a great dish from Upstate NY.  Someone in your party should get it. Nice to go to a local restaurant that isn't a chain. They do lots of great deals on FB, Yelp, Restaurant.com.
2	I really wanted to like this place since my wife and I had some good meals here in the past (perhaps when it was a different ownership).  The parking is easy, the restaurant is conveniently located, the service is good, and the decor is very nice.  The food, however, was just okay.  We started with some salad which was your average salad.  The pasta dish also did not have very much flavor.  Although not a big deal since it was lunchtime and we did not want to fill up on bread, we were not served any.  We looked over at the other two tables and noticed they both had bread.
1	I must say I have been to mezzo before and it was awesome to say the least, great food great service. My husband and I went there 2 weeks ago and found the service was horrible!! Our waiter was named Steve and we actually walked out. I ordered a glass of wine to start and Steve walked up and poured some wine in my glass from a small carafe which splashed, he did not look at us or say a word, rude. He came back after a while and took our order. We never saw him again, did not fill our water or check with us at all. I noticed other tables who arrived after us had their full meals while we just sat and waited for Steve to bring us ours, we tried to make eye contact with him to no avail. It is true the owner was at the table next to ours (with his back to us, two feet from our table) chatting with the customers, I believe he is the new owner. We never talked with him because we never got our meal!!! After 25 minutes we decided to leave and go somewhere else. We will never go back to mezzo bistro where the service is horrible, I can't say anything about the food but to me service should be above average with the prices they charge. I truly am sorry mezzo has new owners, I don't think they will survive long ESP with waiters like Steve. I give one star for the parking lot it is easy access
5	I'm very surprised to read these bad reviews. My experience was quite the opposite. I love Italian food and had a Groupon that was expiring soon so I went with family for dinner. I had driven by many times but never had time to have a meal til last night.The place was very cozy and nicely decorated. The waiter that seated us was very cordial. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. There was no children's menu but she suggested smaller options of pasta dishes for my picky 2 yr old and put in his order right away. The portion was very generous and tasted awesome. My son loved it and he doesn't like much.My choice was the chicken parmesan and my daughter ordered the lasagne. The food was fresh/hot and very visually appealing. Our portions were huge and delicious! Some of the best "American Italian" food I've ever had. The bread that accompanied our meals was delicious as well and out glasses were never empty. If I had to pick anything wrong it would be the fact that the oil and vinegar for the bread came in a small dish instead of on a plate which made it difficult to get to the vinegar with out saturating your bread with oil. Simple solution.... ask for it on a plate ;-)Overall I had a very enjoyable dining experience with my family and willdefinitely be back.
1	We went here last night because we had previously enjoyed meals there.  However, last night was one of those experiences that you just recognize there will be no future meals there for us.We were seated and ignored.  Waioters walked all areound us and were busy setting tables and other routine tsks rather than focused on the customers, us.  It was not crowded, yet the was no time to offer us drinks or ask our menu choice.Very disappointing!
3	So we have been here twice. We came in on Friday (October 26th) to use our groupon which was about to expire. After settling in, the waiter told us it was a holiday and we would not be able to use it. I was pretty annoyed, because technically Nevada day is the 31st. But whatever, we stayed and ordered the pre-fixed dinner special which includes app, entree (2 options) and desert as well as a wine with each for $60 total.  The pizza app this evening was delish. It was some kind of pizza with peaches and balsamic reduction on it, which sounds weird but it flowed well with the additional toppings. I got the chicken special (cant recall the name of it) which was served over angelhair pasta and had mushrooms and a wine sauce. It was okay, nothing that made me melt. In fact, I barely remember it or what was in it. My boyfriend got the same thing and agreed that it was just alright. The desert was just okay too. We went back last night to finally use the groupon. We had an extremely nice waitress and it was very slow. We skipped apps and just ordered entrees. He got the chicken Riggies (sp?) and I got the chicken piccata. Again, just okay/average. Mine lacked any real flavor and was just bland, I tried sprucing it up with crushed red pepper. The chicken was not browned at all and had no golden coloring anywhere, just pure white and not very appealing to the eye. I tried his and thought it was better than mine, but he got it too spicy (you choose the level of spice) he agreed he should have went down a number on the scale. He thought his was just okay as well. This place is not bad, but not great. Just kind of whatever. We had pretty good service each time so good job there. They need more menu options. I don't eat fish or pork, and there is only 2 chicken entree dishes and one steak option on the entire menu. There is only about 4 or 5 pasta dish options. I think they can add more chicken entrees and make more options available. I had a hard time choosing something, because the options underwhelmed me and nothing sounded that great. We probably wont be back, especially since we don't live in the area, and the food just isn't worth the drive.
5	I'm surprised at how many negative reviews this place had. Their food was delicious! and the atmosphere was very nice. Husband is a little picky on his steaks, but he loved the steak here. I had some seafood pasta, I cant remember the name of it, but I was very impressed with it. Food took awhile to come out, but it was worth the wait. The staff were friendly and attentive, so that was another positive. Overall, we loved it and we'd come back again.
4	Nice romantic settings here. Food was delicious and service was great! The only reason I didn't give them 5 starts is because of the price. The groupon deal made the price better. I would go more often if there are more deals available.
4	Armed with a Groupon, we headed to Mezzo - to a neighborhood we've never been to - to celebrate our anniversary.  I was impressed with the decor: trendy, but not too, nice bar (except for the ubiquitous TV, but only one), nice lighting, tablecloths covered with paper in true bistro style.We had truly great service; the music ( Frank, Dean, Tony - apparently a legal requirement at all Italian restaurants in Vegas -  with some newer stuff for variety) was a bit too loud, so it was turned down immediately at my request.  I was a bit chilly, so the heat was instantly raised.  Our drink orders were taken right away, and the food orders when we were ready.We shared a dinner salad, consisting of the usual suspects, with the addition of chickpeas and a dollop of ricotta for interest.  It would have been appreciated if the kitchen had separated it for us before it was served.  For entrees, my husband ordered his new favorite - chicken piccata - and was pleased with it.  I decided to go with the Tuscan Tenderloin, pork cooked in Chianti, served with apples in Prosecco, and asparagus.  The apples and asparagus were fabulous, as was the sauce for the pork, but the texture of the meat wasn't blowing me away.  I would have kept it, but when the waiter asked how our food was, I must have made a little face.  What happened next is the hallmark of a very good restaurant:  the owner came out, took the pork away and checked it in the kitchen where the light was better.  Long story short, he told me that I still wouldn't be happy with it if I had him make me a new one, and that I should choose something else.  Hubby's chicken looked very good, so I went with that.  But I kept the penne that had come with my pork, because it was perfectly al dente and sauced just right, so I had them hold the angel hair.  But I got my asparagus back, and it was sooo good!  The chicken had fresh capers, which really bump up chicken piccata several notches, and this one was a winner.We never order dessert, but since we were celebrating a whole decade of marital bliss, we decided to break the rules.  (And this after pigging out on the 30-day cruise we'd just come back from!)  Hubby wanted the cannoli, but I've never been a fan of them, so I convinced him to go with the cheesecake.  But the wonderful owner, Sean, brought him a sample of their cannoli, and man, if they all tasted like that one, I'd be eating them for breakfast:  big chocolate chips, chocolate sauce, so decadent my mouth is watering just writing this.  Ah, but the cheesecake was fabulous, too, a small round individual cake covered with fresh strawberries.  Rich and delicious, and all mine!  I could have scarfed down the whole thing, but my superego kicked in, and I managed to have it last for three nights. It's wonderful when a restaurant owner cares enough to make sure that you're satisfied with all aspects of the restaurant experience, even if you're there with a Groupon, and that makes all the difference.  It was great to leave with that feel-good feeling that makes you want to go back.
4	The dishes we ordered were excellent and the soup and pasta were homemade.  Everything was delicious.  The atmosphere was relaxing with nice background music.  I would highly recommend for a nice dining experience.
5	The best linguine vongole (with clams), I have ever had at a restaurant! The sauce is thin (perfect for this dish) but very flavorful and smooth. The servers are very personable, and the owner will check up on you before your dinner is over, great place, very good choice.
4	Yep, it's in NLV. Don't hate! NLV is home to a few really nice Italian places. Mezzo makes it easy for me to stick to my belief in supporting businesses owned by locals. I've been about five times and it has always been good.  I've had some really GREAT service and some average service, but never bad service. I love that they are on Groupon.  In facrt, I think I may have a groupon sitting in my blackberry waiting to be used - the groupon, not the blackberry. The blackberry is happy to rest. I have had pasta, chicken, fish, and I think veal.  Gotta find that Groupon and get some veal. My favorite meal is the roastd veg dish. It is meant to be an appetizer, but it is huge and delicous, I like it as an entree.  Last time, I added a piece of salmon, which they did differently for me since I don't like blackened.  I'm adventurous at life, but not so much with food - just learning to eat with a little heat.  Anyway, they did a simple salmon, cooked well as I don't like it rare. Don't judge me, it's the restaurant you are interested in, not me.  Back to the veg - exquisite - asparagus, peppers, zucchini, and beautiful roasted tomatoes! Fantastic! Stop eating your entreee at about the half way point so you have room for dessert.  I love their coffee!I would love to splurge on the chef's dinner.  The chef selects the menu.  it's a special deal.  Maybe for my birthday, which is coming if you are interested.Do yourself a favor, try out Mezzo. Where's my blackberry, gotta find that groupon!
4	I went to eat at Mezzo for Valentines and it was good. We started off by sharing an appetizer fig pizza. I must say the small pieces of fig really complemented the flavors of the Cheese. Entrees took a long time getting out but when you're with good company this is not a big deal. Food finally came out and a huge portion of Veal Parmesan arrived along with a perfectly cooked med-rare filet. This is a good place to eat the only thing I would not recommend is their Sangria, it tastes like grape juice. We had a taste of both red and white and they were just too sweet.
2	I gave this place 2 stars basically because the salad was good, but the entrees were not good at all! Not even prepared good. The sauce was runny, and the dish was bland. I won't give up on them, but if they don't get rid of their cook, she's gonna put them out of business. It was lunch time when I went and there were only 1 other table of two customers there!!! Not good! When food is really good, placed would be packed everyday! People love good food, so for the place to have two customers at lunch time says a lot about this place. I may or may not give them another chance. The place was clean and staff was nice,...if that helps a little ;)
5	Looks nice, great food, atmosphere. Good beer and wine selection. This is our weekly dinner spot. They always have something different and all is very good.
5	Amazing!! I have had chicken piccata at several restaurants but none have tasted as delicious as today. The lemon butter sauce mix was amazing and chicken was perfectly prepared. Mezzos is a hidden jewel that needs more public awareness. Our whole work table had lunch here and we all wanted seconds. Great way to start the afternoon!Nice work Kelly and team! -Danielle Seales
5	Portobello appetizer fab!  Orecchiette amazing!  Friday night entertainer, the REALDeal. Kacy Machacyk!  we will be back!
3	For the area, this restaurant is amazing. It is hard to find quality food on the border of North Las Vegas.  The only reason I am giving this place 3 stars is because the service does not match the quality of food. The food is absolutely delicious and I highly recommend the salmon as an appetizer. The staff however, is very slow. It takes the food way too long to get to your table even when it is not busy, so go here when you are not in a rush!
4	Mezzo serves up quality Italian food at a reasonable price. I frequent this joint that is lost in the northwest valley on Rancho. I have yet to be disappointed with a single dish. Their antipasto salad is a great way to start out the meal. It serves 2-4 people and will get your taste buds going for the main course. As for entrees, it may be simple, but the eggplant parmesan is wonderful. Also, pay attention to the specials. There are often creative and great daily dishes. For dessert, the tiramisu is divine. The wine list is solid and they will often have wine specials. The decor is decent, but a little too cookie-cutter Italian for my tastes. The service is usually satisfactory, but there have been some letdowns. If you plan to go, check out Groupon, as they often run deals through there.
4	Ok so, drove by this place so many times always saying "Man, I need to try that out" and finally a friend had a groupon so we checked it out for lunch. Turns out it under "NEW MANAGEMENT" recently so keep that in mind with the previous reviewsTried the bacon wrapped prawns and the fried green tomatoes. Both were prepared perfectly (which alot of places dry out the prawns) and the fried green tomatoes were perfect.I had the grilled cheese with gouda and grilled onions/mushrooms. Absolutely fantastic.My friend tried the shrimp and chicken alfredo and I have to tell you it rates near the top of best alfredo sauce I have had.Service was great but keep in mind it was lunch so the load was light. I will be back here to bring the wife for sure.
4	My wife took me to Mezzo on a Sunday evening. We arrived and there were only a few tables occupied ( it was after 8pm). We were seated and our waiter gave us our menus. And the we waited...probably a bit longer than we should have, for the amount of people in there. Our waiter didnt come and check on how we were doing very often. im not crazy about always having to flag them down for every thing. But the service was really the only drawback. The food was quite good. We had fried calamari and baked clams for appetizers. Both dishes were tasty, and big enough to share. For entrees my wife had the chicken piccata, which she absolutely loved the flavor. I had a Gnocchi special with bolognese sauce that was also delicious. Side note: the table bread was phenomenal! Turns out the bake it themselves, no surprise it was so good. Overall, we enjoyed Mezzo and will return. Hopefully the service that night wasn't a normal occurrence.
1	When I ask for water w lemon I want lemon!  Tutti mari needs to be drained before added to the sauce, so it doesn't become soup. Caesar salad was soaking in dressing. Had to ask for more bread. Sorry this place would be out of business if in a real city.  Didn't help that I got food poisoning symptoms 4 hours later!
5	Mezzo Bistro and Wine is one place you should try before you leave the land of the same old favorite place to go.  This place was hoping, and Joe our waiter never lost a beat.  He was very friendly, new the menu well, and evening though it was super busy, he never once forgot about us.  My husband, and I tried the risotto balls, they were everything you could want in an app.  For our main I had the prositto wrapped halibut, and my husband had the fire grilled pizza, with goat cheese, and sausage, both were incredible.  They have a T.V. by the bar, and one on the other size of the room, so that everyone can see what is going on in T.V. land.  Great place, and will be back for more.
4	So I have driven by this place a million times thinking "I gotta get there sometime".  The consensus that I've heard was that the place was fantastic and had great wine.  We had a Groupon $20 for $45 which is always featured so I recommend that because why wouldn't you if its there and your going to dine there anyway.Immediately when you walk in your eyes are drawn the candles that are lit everywhere and directly in front of you is the redish orange unique chandallier.  Pretty neat.  Ambiance just punched you in the face. I had been here before this became Mezzos and don't remember the details as much as I did this time.  The ceiling is dropped down creating a circled effect which I thought added a lot of character to the place.  To your right is a little sectioned off party room/section that would be good for a large party.  To the left is the bar area which I really didn't get to check out closely being that we were seated on the other side closer to the kitchen.  The server and guy assisting him were fabulous, attentive and very nice.  I believe the owner was there, however he never greeted us. I ordered my glass of Chardonnay and they didn't have my first choice.  Soo I ordered my second choice.  It wasn't too shabby but $10 a glass.  I hate the mark up on wine sometimes. The BF was disappointed they didn't have mixed drinks so he just ordered a soda.  The bread came out right away.  Reminded me of some bread that I make at home.  Crusty on the outside and doughy on the inside....warm and delightful.  It accompanied a small bowl of oil and balsalmic.  Too much oil for my taste.  I kinda like more of the balsalmic but it was still really good.  We ordered the Caesars salad to share and it was perrrfect.For my entree I ordered the penne ala vodka with chicken as an add-on.  It came out and looked amazing.  There was way too much chicken though - SAID NO ONE EVER - except for ME!  Sorry.  I like more noodles and a hint of chicken.  There was a lot of chicken and a lot of sauce.  All was tasty to say the least and 1/2 went home for leftovers.  BF ordered the chicken parm with a side of penne with marinara.  This was ALOT of chicken too but he wasn't complaining.  It almost felt like 3 portions...no kidding.  Needless to say we brought some of that home as well.Overall a great experience.  Ambiance is a 5.  It has outdoor seating that would be amazing to enjoy if it wasn't over 100 degrees outside right now.  I think with our Groupon we only spent $15 over that.  Nice little date night and a definite need to go back and bring friends!  BTW- the leftovers were BOMBdiggity the day after.  Better than the meal itself.  Big fan.
5	Perfect as always!
2	Went there because I had bought a Groupon for it. Went for dinner on a Saturday night, was told there was a 15-20 minute wait when we arrived, even though there were 4-5 tables open at the time. We sat at the bar and waited and kept asking each other why was there a wait when 4-5 tables were open? When it came time to seat us, the hostess took us to one of the tables near then bar that had been open the entire time. Found it very irritating that they made us sit at the bar and wait for 20 minutes only to be seated at a table that had been open the entire time.Our waiter was friendly enough, but had to ask what the specials were, he didnt even mention them even though they were all listed on a huge chalk board on the wall. He raved about the 8oz. filet special, so we both ordered it , and asked for medium well. When the entree's arrived mine was more medium rare, but was ok, wasnt going to send it back for that, but my girlfriends was blood red raw. We told the waiter that it was not medium well, but raw. He agreed that it was not done, and took it back to the kitchen. He came back a few minutes later and said "if you think it looked raw out here, you should have seen it under the light in the kitchen, it was really raw". All they did was take it off of our bill, didnt offer to bring out another one, or even offer her anything else to eat, so we left with her having no dinner.Since they took her entree of the bill, I didnt need to use the Groupon.  The experiance was so bad I doubt we will go back to even use it. Just going to write it off as a bad dining experiance and move on.I'm still wondering how they could serve a filet without noticing that it was raw, and it was one the highly rated specials that night.
1	This place SUUUUCCCKKKKKSSS!!!!!  TRUST ME!!!!  They may be good for wine.  But everything else sucks.  1st off my friend and I each get a groupon there for 12 bucks for 25 dollars at the restaurant.  We get there and they say we can only use each coupon one at a time.  So we have to eat alone or come back twice.  The prices are outrageous!  The cheapest appetizer is I think 8 bucks and that's for cheese and crackers.  And their cheapest meal is a 14 dollar pizza.  And for some reason the waiters think they're the shit.  So cocky, one of the servers name is "Super" Joe and he is their worst server.  The second we sit down some woman comes up and asks us what we want to drink, (you can tell by her tone and body language she is really smug and self absorbed) my friend and I both ask politely for water with lemon and a straw.  And I ask for some bread.  She walks around the restaurant talking to the other 5 people in there and our actual waiter has to bring the water and bread.  We both ask him for water with lemon and a straw, and some bread, he brings the waters with no lemons.  And he doesn't bring the bread till 5 minutes after the water,  He takes his time and walks around the restaurant.  He brings back this crap bread that is too thin with holes in it and the crust breaks into a million pieces when you eat it.  Also he is a complete retard about italian food,  He brings olive oil and vinegar to dip the bread in, and puts in as much if not more vinegar than olive oil, so you're basically eating all vinegar with your bread, oh and there is a lemon in it, which is stupid!  So he remembers to put a lemon in something that doesn't need it at all but not our waters.  And I ask him for more olive oil and he puts more olive oil in plus vinegar.  This place must have just opened up cuz they don't have their shit together at all.  While my friend and I are eating this crap bread covered in vinegar he goes in the back and he starts yelling at another server for the glasses being the wrong type or something, and at the same time the owner is yelling at the chefs on how to cook.  On top of this he gives me dirty looks when I ask for a 3rd helping of bread, (when it's free!)  He's also walking around the restaurant talking about wine orders when our food is done and waiting to be grabbed.  Then at the end of the meal I ask for some bread to take home with my leftovers and he says no.  So overall, CRAZY PRICES, HORRIBLE SERVICE, AVERAGE FOOD AT BEST.  I think it's one of those places where rich snobby people go who know nothing about good food and just want a rich like snobby atmosphere.  I truly hope this place goes out of business I hate it there so much.
5	Omg  I cannot believe this place was not full! seriously great food! if they were on the strip they would not only fit in, but could charge twice as much as they do. I was pleased! we go here now every time we are in town!
5	I finally got around to dining here last Saturday evening, and my guests and I really enjoyed it.  We were greeted promptly when we arrived, and decided to have a seat at the bar for a glass of wine.  Stephanie took good care of us, and we were so pleased with her wine recommendation that we had ordered a second bottle later in the evening!  I had the veal special with mushroom risotto, and it was delicious.  Thanks perhaps to the second bottle of wine, I don't remember what anyone else had, but everyone complimented their food.  Service was spot on, too.  I am definitely going back!  This is an oasis in the otherwise dining-barren northwest!  If you're looking for a fine meal north of Cheyenne, it pretty much stands alone.
4	I order that meat lasagna, and I have to be honest it was the best that I have ever had. My wife ordered a pizza, and it was really good. My wife order a glass of moscato and it coast $11.00 a little over price. I ordered a beer, and that came out to $6.00 again over price. This restaurant has great food, but charges to much for appetizers and drinks. The service was good they brought out hot bread and they came by several times to check on us.
4	Went here for the first time because of a $50 off ($100 total bill) coupon from restaurants.com. The food was great. We knew we had to spend $33 per person (three of us) because of the coupon restrictions of $100 total. My wife and son had a couple of glasses of white wine, a salad (or soup) and an entree. I had water, the salad, soup, entree and a desert. Our bill was $103. The food was great! We were able to have exactly what we wanted and stay within our budget. Service was top shelf for sure! Stephanee, our server, was very polite and right on top of everything that we needed. My water glass was never empty and the wine service was always on time. Food came out (very) hot and warm bread on the table was made plentiful. With a $20 tip, total pay out for 3 ppl and a great meal was $73. Pretty good. If I HAD to make a critique, there was wax dripped down the back of the seat. No big deal, but attention to those details in a gourmet room is well received.Will we be back? Yup!
4	I had the Chicken Parmesan, my friend had the filet with gorgonzola cream sauce and asparagus. Both were of good size,  The steak was really very good, tender and tasty and cooked as ordered. The Chicken Parmesan was two nice sized pieces, crisp on the outside juicy and tender on the inside with just enough sauce and cheese so as to not over power the dish. I would recommend Mezzo Bistro to anyone that wants a good local place on the west side.
5	Took my hubby here with a Groupon for the 3 course dining for 2.  The service was good, the food was great, and the atmosphere was nice.  I probably would've ordered something less traditional than the chicken parm next time around.  We will definitely take advantage of the opportunity to go again!  Highly recommend the calamari and the cheese plate with a nice glass of vino to start.  It filled us up to the point where we couldn't manage to eat all of our entree!
1	Buckle up, Mezzo Bistro.  Here it comes.  I'd give you a ZERO rating, but since that isn't possible, you'll earn a completely undeserved one star.  10/30/2013, about 11:30 a.m.My wife and I go in for lunch, order a Caesar salad and two entrees.  The salad comes out, and to be honest, it's pretty good.  Then, my wife finds a PUSHPIN in her salad.  Are you f**king kidding me?  A PUSHPIN?  She spits it out (lucky - for you - that she wasn't injured), and I call the only staff member I can find over. (A blonde woman working behind the bar.)  We show this to her, and she quickly apologizes and goes back into the kitchen.  For a while.  My wife, visibly shaken, isn't really comforted by the half-hearted apology and disappearing act.  The woman eventually came back out and went straight behind the bar, obviously having no intention of speaking to us again.  No manager or chef came out to check on us either.  So we left.  BTW:  Y'all can keep the groupon voucher we handed her at the beginning of the meal - it's a pretty safe bet we're never eating there again.I don't know how the hell you have your kitchen and prep areas set up, but how the hell do you prep food anywhere near pushpins?  You didn't see any possibility that this could eventually cause a problem?  No?  I will say that this wasn't our first time there.  In fact, it was probably our 6th or 7th time in.  And all the other times, I left happy with my meals.  But never again.  I don't care how many good meals you serve, one "I-could-have-been-seriously-injured-by-your-carelessness and ineptitude" is all it takes.  I realize there's probably not much you can do to satisfy a customer that was one swallow away from spending the rest of the day in the ER because of your stupidity, but here's a tip:  DON'T RUN AWAY AND HIDE FROM THEM EITHER.  Way to run a business, guys. So go ahead and try your luck at Mezzo Bistro, people.  It is Vegas, after all, so if you feel like gambling with your life, knock yourself out.
5	This place is so awesome, it grows on my every time.   Always satisfied, and its and easy date lunch with my wife, she loves me, she loves me now!   Success.    They always have groupons deals and its cheap then, and tasty.  I give it 5 stars for service, 4 stars for food, 5 stars for location, nothing else up there good, thank you, some would give it 1 star here or less, far away in the Northwest Valley, but up here, its reliable and tasty.   Im a fan, the high rating is because of service and quality food at a very reasonable price, even if you pay full prices without coupons its cheap!
5	Very nice atmosphere when we walked in. Muted lighting ,yet was enough to see the menus. The music was low enough to be able to talk to each other. We had the specials. We had the Mezzo Sampler for an appetizer for 22.00...a little expensive but nonetheless very good. I had the the seared Shampagne Chicken with angle hair pasta in a champagne reduction and my husband had the Veal Scallopini with brandy sauce and risotto. Both meals were excellent and worth the price (22.00 and 27.00). The service by Michelle was excellent and the owner Sean came by to check on our meal/service. I did not expect to find a restaurant as good as this in a strip mall on N. Rancho, but I recommend this place very highly. My husband and I will definitely go back.
5	Another one that is beyond me on how it's rated so poorly. Quality fresh pasta, seafood, wine, good beers, pretty and clean restaurant with good service - yet people feel the need to rate it poorly? I wonder where they eat...A lot of people that seem to complain have coupons - not that I have anything against coupons, but they also complain about the prices. I cannot say this enough - you will pay higher prices for higher quality of food. Just because it's pricey, don't complain. You have other cheap options with more affordable prices. Don't walk into somewhere complaining about prices when you had the option to walk in. I will tell you this - the Penne with vodka sauce...probably the best I've had in town. It was perfect. The pasta was perfectly cooked and soft. The sauce was amazing. It was creamy, cheesy and you taste the vodka in it. Everything and more you could ask for in this dish. It tickled my fancy.We also had the meat lasagna. The marinara sauce with the cheese - positively delightful. Appetizer, we had calamari. It was served with peperoncini's and cooked perfectly. There homemade marinara sauce really is very good. Nice thick chunks of tomatoes and a really good strong basil flavor.The service was good and the server was super friendly and attentive.My problem with this place is the location. I don't think it'll reach it's full potential because it's hidden. Also, the crowd that would be more attracted to this place may be more in the Centennial area. I hope it does succeed though. I love to see anything that isn't a chain do very well and make it to where the other chains can't compete.
3	The decor and the ambiance was very nice!  We went on a Friday night and they had live music. The lady signing made the restaurant feel even more cozy!!  The food was ok. Good flavors, but nothing extraordinary. The appetizer was very good, we ordered the crab stuffed prawn and it was just delicious! The bake ziti was very dry! So as you can see it was not a terrible experience, but I would not put my stamp of recommendation! I would probably be back if I'm in the area but I won't go above and beyond to visit again
5	Cioppino Italian seafood soup & garlic bread. Delicious, hearty, and so filling.Ambience feel right at home.
4	I loooove this place, love it! I found a groupon on Mezzo's early last year I've been there five times since!! You.can literally taste the quality in the food, no skimping!! Huge portions! Always taking food to go, my two favorite dishes are the meat lasagna.and chicken parmesan! I've been telling everyone I know about this place seriously underestimated. Only draw back to me is I've seen the owner everytime I've gone and he doesn't speak, no eye contact nothing. The place is not super busy.(it so should be food is bomb)  that's the only reason I'm giving 4 stars! idk other than that I will forever be a Mezzo Patron! It's defiantly a must try great for date nites or you just want a really fab meal it's always my first choice!
2	Used to visit a lot. Service last 2 times was poor. Last time it was a Sat and completely understaffed. No greeting when we walked in. Waiter forgot bread/oil till I reminded him after apps. Drinks went empty. Offered the special (ordered it thinking slightly more expensive, was 2.5x more then any other entree) Made us wait for the check. Food always tastes great but the service just ruins the experience. Feels like the place is slipping. Going to stick with GrapeStreet from now on.
4	I hate to say it, but I was ALMOST thinking I should have just went to Olive Garden.  I am glad I waited to write this review until after I finished my meal.  I am not sure if I just went on an off night (since it was a Thursday night before Christmas, seemed like maybe a popular time for Holiday dinners?)  BUT the service was SLOWWWWW!!! Wow I am never one to really complain so I had to exercise extreme control to not embarrass my husband! We sat down for dinner at about 6:35 p.m. which I had a reservation for party of 6.  It was a cold night and they sat us at a front table by the door so we froze the entire time!  Strike 1Then we ordered 2 salads and 3 pastas + filet steak.The salads (antipasto for 2 and chopped) took like 35 min?!  BUT they were both very yummy dressings and good portion sizes for the table to share, along with the fresh bread they provided started to turn things around.The entree's finally came like 15 min later.  Shrimp scampi and lasagna were VERY good.  Spaghetti was fine and Gorgonzola Filet was good.Best thing was the homemade cheesecake.I will go back if I am ever in that area, but I will definitely not go starving.
4	I ordered the gnocchi and it was very good. The reason for only 4 stars was the price.  The staff was good too, very accommodating to our needs.
5	Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Mezzo Bistro is a gem!To find a private restaurant in this area of town is nearly impossible. We took a chance and bought a "mystery date dinner" on groupon and received a prefixed dinner to Mezzo Bistro. I had my doubts because of location, but the restaurant is fabulous.We made reservations the day of, had no issue getting in on a Saturday night. The other walk in's were sitted right away as well so despite being busy, still no waiting that I saw.We were sitting by Sean, the owner, who was pleasant. The decor is something more like a restaurant you'd see in Boca Park or Town Square. Dim lighting, romantic decor and comfortable sitting. Very Italian/wine/grape feel to it. There were all sort of clientele; some in jeans and sweaters, some in dresses and sports jackets. Either way, it's a comfortable and welcoming restaurant.The service was perfect. Our server was attentive and friendly without being intrusive. The staff was on spot, drinks never got low, plates removed in perfect timing and everyone was very nice.The food.... Oh please! The appetizers were so good we ate every bite. The entrees were delicious. The one thing that I can say is that everything on the menu is traditional and the entrees that you see at other Italian restaurants. Mezzo Bistro takes traditional dishes and prepares them in the traditional way and does them exceptionally well. We had a caprese salad, chicken Parmesan, the veal special (can't remember the name) and the tiramisu.Good flavor marinara sauce (which is essential), great tasting meats (we had chicken and veal entrees) and delicious desserts. A number of items are hand made and the detail shows. I asked if we could buy the vinegar glaze by the bottle because it's that good. And the tiramisu I will be dreaming about.Like I mentioned, we had a groupon so we had a discount, but the listed prices average about $20-25 for entrees. It's the little details of a privately owned restaurant that makes it exceptional. We both took home part of our entrees from our dinner there last night. It was too good to pass up. When I opened up the bag, there was a nice note signed by the chef with a cork attached to it as a thank you.Mezzo Bistro will be our go-to date night place for romantic dinners. It will be the place we take guest from out of town that want to get off the strip. Well done Mezzo... Takes a lot to get a 5-star rating, but it's well deserved and really an amazing experience.
4	A long time fan of Grape Street - I have heard much about Mezzo and decided to give it a try.  Very nice atmosphere, liked the music selection.  The food was very good.  I was especially impressed by the wine knowledge our waitress had.  Tried what they called a Antipasti Kebab which was very unique and quite good.  I tried the beef short ribs which were falling off the bone and the risotto was fantastic.I found the wines to be priced a bit high but the quality of what I had was quite good.  I do think I will be back for a nice relaxing dinner.
4	My husband and I tried this place out on a groupon, and we will definitely be back. It is a beautiful place, and the food...... Oh...So.... GOOD... This was a few days ago, and I am still thinking about it. I got the chicken riggies and hubby got the lasagna. It was quite literally the best Italian food I have had in years. The prices aren't bad either. The only gripe I may have is that there are a few bad tables in the place, just try not to get seated in them. One is a round table right by the bathrooms, and the other is a 2 top right outside the swinging door that the servers exit the kitchen from. You get a small draft every time it opens.
4	Mystery date groupon lead us to find Mezzo.Almost didn't stay because they weren't excepting groupons on that particular night but we decided to try it out since we had never been before.Food was great, except we didn't care for the chopped salad (to many onions)Service was good, our waiter was friendly & upbeat & knowledgable.Decor and ambiance was romantic.Will definitely be back groupon or not.Lost a star because where we were sitting i could see dust.
5	Came in last night for my birthday. The place was packed with a waiting line but we had reservations for our party. Steve, our waiter, was amazing and handled our group of 7 adults with swift precision and courtesy. Everyone in our party was impressed with their appetizers & entre's. It was a great experience. Members of our party also kept commenting favorably about the "Old Las Vegas" selection of music classics by Martin, Sinatra, etc. A lot of food so plan on a to-go box.
5	The wine, the bread, the appetizers, the ANTIPASTO SALAD & our entrees were absolutely delicious.  Everything tasted wonderful.  I loved the atmosphere, very romantic.  The owner walked around to every table to make sure that everyone was satisfied. I had an excellent experience here :)
1	Horrible service will never go back. Used groupon and was charged extra fees. Waiter was also supervisor he had bad attitude didn't have good customer service.  Met with owner of mezzo and he calm the situation down but will never go back wish I would of went to olive garden or carrabas better food and service.  Mezzo wine is watered down and had the nerve to charge expensive price for some bull crap.  To anyone who is looking at this save your money it's not worth it .
4	One of the better Italian restaurants I have been to in LV.  The orecchiette dish is amazing as is the cheese cake.  The sunday sauce is exceptional on pretty much anything.  The wait staff is knowledgeable and the atmosphere inviting.  I feel that the prices are a bit high but it is a nice treat to dine here on occasion.
4	Personally, I love it! My favorite is the PARMA pizza with prosciutto, mozzarella, sliced figs, and marinara. I also adore the Peju Wine! Thanks to Groupon Coupons I found this local treasure and am happy to spread the word about it!
5	We have been to Mezzos several times. Bought groupon mystery date and it led us back to here. We had the portobello mushroom and spinach appetizer and shrimp cocktail. Mushroom app was delicious but is a bit rich. Shrimp cocktail had 3 large shrimp and tasted fresh. Ordered the works salad which is more than enough to split among tje 4 of ys. We ordered the chicken picatta for the kids (yes we took kids on date night as a treat for good grades). There was plenty of chicken and pasta for the two of them. We split the penne ala vodka (substituted for fettuccini) with blackened shrimp. Of the 5 or 6 times we have been there, this was by far the best experience we have had. Our waiter Bryan was quick and responsive. The groupon price fix is welll worth it! 2 glasses of wine, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees for $46. Looking forward to a return visit....maybe without the kids.
4	Went to Mezzo Bistro because I purchased the Mystery Date on Groupon.  I called ahead to ask a few questions and the girl was very polite and helpful.  When we arrived for dinner, we were seated immediately.  It took a little time before our server greeted us.  We were a little frustrated when another couple was seated after us, and the server went to greet them first.  It seemed like they were regulars, but I still would have appreciated him greeting us sooner.  After he greeted us, the service was fine.  The food was delicious.  We got the shrimp cocktail (biggest shrimp I've ever seen) and the antipasto salad (which was enough to provide lunch the next day) as appetizers.  My husband got fettuccine alfredo with chicken and I got the grilled salmon.  Both were great!  The deal also came with 2 glasses of wine, we got Pinot Grigio, which we really enjoyed.  The Groupon was a great deal!  We were there awhile, but I don't mind a longer dinner in a place like that.  They had live music, which added to the cute atmosphere.  We really appreciated one of the owners stopping by to ask how things were going.  When we told him it was our first time there, he asked a few more questions about our experience.We'll definitely be back!
2	Well I found this place on a groupon(the Groupon was an amazing deal) and decided to give it a try. They were out of several of the wines I wanted to try. Food was about a 4 out of 5 stars. It was a pretty basic menu so didn't take forever to decide what to get. Service was horrible though. After we ordered our food we didn't see our waitress again for over 40 minutes... Or I should say she kept walking right by my table with her eyes locked forward and didn't even stop when I called to her to get her attention on 2 separate occasions. They weren't even busy. I kept hearing the other servers claim they were upset cause they didn't have anymore tables to sit. I eventually flagged down a different waiter and asked him if he could just get our check. He then was very helpful and bagged our leftovers, ect. But of course she was all smiles as she brought over our check after not speaking to us a single time after she took our order, but didn't once mention anything about not serving us. If the service had been better I would have done 4 stars and come back again, but I'd rather go to Olive Garden or bucca de bepo and get great/friendly service.
2	Living in the southwest, this place is far out of the way.  With a groupon in hand and a day off to burn, I took off way up there.  The place seemed nice enough, so I walked in and waited 10 minutes to be greeted at the host(ess) stand.  I seriously considered making a reservation over the phone just to see if someone would walk towards the front of the place.When the waitress arrived out of breath, she seated me near the back next to the kitchen to wait again. 5 minutes later, I ordered a glass of wine.  She runs over and gets it from the bar and dumps it in my glass.  And I do mean dump... like it went up the side of my glass and over spilling on the table.  She didn't notice because she wasn't looking then ran off to the kitchen.  Ten minutes later, she took my order.  Twenty minutes later bread with a side of oil and vinegar came out.  Thirty minutes later, my caprese salad came out.  How on earth it takes 50 minutes to make a caprese salad I will never know. 25 minutes later, my soup came out.  I'm pretty sure this was pre-made and ladled into my bowl with again makes me wonder how on earth it took so long.After I finished the soup, I honestly wasn't full, but didn't want to wait 20-40 minutes for something that was actually cooked.I will give them an a star for the food being edible and an additional for having a decent cab franc by the glass.Minus a star for a careless customer service.  Minus a star for an insane wait times.  Minus a star for a stained white table cloth (eww).Somehow, I feel like 2 stars in generous.
5	Great service and amazing food! They have a huge wine selection and our server Michelle was very knowledgeable in recommending a perfect wine. The food is homemade and they even have specials. Will be coming back
5	Found out about this place from Groupon. Was good for two glasses of wine, two apps, and two entrees. Mama Mia this was great cooking. Everything was yummy yummy in my tummy. Great portions too. Friendly service with helpful tips with the menu. My girlfriend and I have found our new fancy place to eat. Lots of menu choices. Will be back soon for special events.
5	My Kids and I wanted to have some Italian food for Dinner, a friend (Chris Miller) from my office had spoke highly of Mezzo Bistro and Wine a week before and highly recommended we try. We went for Dinner and had a Wonderful Experience. The Food, Service, and Environment were Great. Jose Inchauriga
2	The chef needs to come careening into the 21st century. Too many really heavy dishes with loads of cheese, cream and butter. Ok maybe some people love to ingest 2000 calories in an entree but isn't it possible to include a few choices that have light touches other than a red sauce?I had the mushroom over spinach with cheese as an appetizer. It was in a tub of cheesy cream sauce. Way to heavy for my taste. It would have been much better with just a touch of sauce.The veal piccata actually had a lovely sauce with angel hair pasta. Unfortunately the veal was really chewy. Not sure whether it was the quality or the prep. My husband has a gluten allergy. He had a severe reaction to his dinner. We're not sure what it was from. Perhaps the GF pasta wasn't cooked in separate water. Don't know. I wouldn't recommend it for the gluten intolerant.On the plus side the service was great and the wine list had some lovely choices.
5	It was the first time we are at Mezzo's after it was recommended by a friend.  We had driven by the restaurant several times and did not see it or stop in.  The server, Michelle, was very good and knowledgeable about all the menu items.  The food was excellent in good size portions.  We had the calamari, spaghetti with meatballs and hot sausage and veal parmesan. My wife could not finish her veal and took it home for a nice meal later.  I would highly recommend eating here for a great meal with a friendly atmosphere.
4	We went two weeks ago for dinner and we had a awesome dinner and Our waitress was very friendly. We came back for Mother's Day Sunday brunch and the food was great but our waitress seemed irritated and like we were a bother. We will come back but for dinner only
5	This was my first time here and I was pleasantly surprised. The weather was great which allowed us to sit on the patio which was very relaxing. I was a server for 20 years and know great customer service when I see it and YES the service was awesome. Our server Michelle was friendly upbeat and went over and beyond for us. We were there for happy hour and had the portabella mushroom appetizer and the  margarita  pizza which was very tasty. This is definitely one of my new favorite places.
5	This new restaurant is a hidden gem. I found a good deal for it on Groupon and unfortunately I was not able to use my lunch groupon because we paid after 4 pm. However, the food was so delicious that I couldn't even be the least upset. I tried the Mezzo salad and a traditional spaghetti and meatballs. The complimentary bread was extremely delicious and fresh. All the waiters were extremely attentive and continued to check on us throughout our visit. The restaurant's atmosphere is good for a date night. It is not overly pricey considering that it is not your typical Olive Garden experience. I could taste the freshness of the ingredients, the cheese, the bread, the pasta, etc. I will definitely be coming back.
5	This quickly turned into one of our favorite places and top choice for taking friends or family. We were told about Mezzo by a friend who found it on Groupon so we bought one too and tried it out. Don't judge the place by the address either, it is definitely more upscale than the area! I didn't make it half way through dinner before grabbing my phone and buying another Groupon! The decor is beautiful, cozy, and warm and they have bar seating as well as indoor dining and an outdoor patio. You are never rushed either, we love to sit outside and enjoy some wine and the amazing food! This is a must go!
5	Fantastic Food, Wine Selection, and Service! This place has it all. I had the most delicious Orange Roughy with Risotto and my husband had Baked Ziti. Our server was fast, and made sure we had everything we needed.  We enjoyed the fresh hot bread served with oil, vinegar and pepper. We will be back as often as we can to enjoy this beautiful establishment.
5	I found this place on yelp based on finding lasagna for my dad and I wanted wine, so this place is perfect. When we arrived, the atmosphere was cozy and we were greeted and sat right away. Joseph, our waiter, listened to what we want and had great customer service. The owner, Sean, came to our table and noticed that it was our first time here. Sean is friendly, personable, self conscious, and people person. The food is amazing and I love that it tastes homemade. I had the BEST Chicken Marcelo and it goes perfectly with the Rosenblom "Carla's Reserve" wine, so I recommend both. My dad decided that he didn't want lasagna, so he went for the Salmon. He also had the Italian wedding soup which I had gotten to taste and I would recommend that. During our dinner, we had live music that is calming and it wasn't loud at all, which is perfect. There's also a wine bar and outdoor patio. I only saw 2 flatscreen TV in the space which was good enough, given that this place is suited for an intimate/romantic setting.The portion size, however, are big for me so I ended up taking it as leftovers. My dad says it was perfect size.I would recommend this place to anyone and I am definitely coming back again.
3	Food is really good most of the time. Sometimes the produce looks questionable ie almost moldy strawberries on the salad.  None the less try the garden salad. Service isn't always good.  Sit at a table for more consistent service. Salmon isn't always fresh, but they are happy to make it right.  Try the portabello, cheese and spinich appetizer made with heavy cream and no thickeners. Even my Mom likes the food and she is the pickiestost complaining eater ever and she loves this place.  Decent wine selection.
4	This is me and my wife's go-to joint off strip. Never been disappointed with the food or the service. Nice atmosphere and excellent panna cota.
5	Mezzo is a great little restaurant in a neighborhood sorely in need of more places like it!I've been to Mezzo a few times now, and the food has been good each time. Between my boyfriend and I, we've had a variety of appetizers, steaks, chicken, and pastas. The house salad is very nice as well (love the FRESH strawberry they include with it!). There's always a good number of attractive specials listed on the chalk board as well.Also, if you love wine - especially wines that you don't find on everyone else's lists - Mezzo will be a pleasant surprise for you. They have the BEST Malbec, Durugutti, on their list by the glass. They've got several more excellent by the glass choices. And the wine prices are reasonable (I just HATE paying a restaurant 50% more than average for the exact same glass of wine. Take Flemings for example: $15 for the same glass of cab that you get up the street at Grimaldi's for $10. Geeze!).The atmosphere is nice, the restaurant is clean, and they do have a patio for the days that are nice enough to dine al fresco. Overall, Mezzo is a good experience at a fair price...and I consider myself a food and wine snob. :)I do have to point out one thing: The service can be spotty. The reviewer who talks about waiting a while to be greeted is right. That happened to us the first time we dined...then a party who arrived after us WITHOUT the reservation we had was seated first! Table service has been generally adequate, though. The service issue isn't bad enough for me to boycott the place, and the only reason I even mention it is in hopes that the owner/general manager will read this review and seriously take it to heart. Anyway, give Mezzo a try. It's a great little neighborhood place, certainly worth a drive if you don't live in the Northwest/Summerlin region.
5	I am madly in love with Mezzo Bistro. The atmosphere is perfect for large groups or intimate date night. I've eaten here many times and the food is always amazing, even the lunch menu is impressive. The servers always go above and beyond with their friendly attentive service. If you're looking for somewhere quiet, I would suggest the patio on a Friday night, the live music makes conversation difficult/impossible. I take all of my out of town guests here.
4	The food was very tasty. We had meat baked ziti, and another Italian dish and split a Caesar salad. The portions were large. I think the wine by the glass list is overpriced, and they were all out of many lower priced options on a Thursday night. The service was just fine. Had a blond female server, she was very friendly and helpful. We used a $30 credit. The only reason I probably won't go back is because it's so far from our side of town, south-SW, and there are plenty of great Italian restaurants all over.
1	I'm so extremely disappointed in my last visit to Mezzo. My husband had never been so I decided to take him for date night. We got there and we were told it would be about 15 minutes to get a table. No problem, until the couple behind us was told it would only be 10 minutes. 25 minutes later , we were finally seated......next to the couple that came in AFTER us! It took another 10 minutes to get our drink orders taken. When they were brought to the table, the server did not even pour the whole beer into my husband's glass. It took another 10 minutes to get bread to the table. While a table that was seated behind us got their bread immediately. Our salads were brought out....warm.The entrees were ok, with the exception of how my husband's steak was cooked. It's sad that I will no longer be going there or recommending it to anyone.
3	This should be a 4 star review but because of a wine snafu it goes down to 3. Mezzo is an attractive place that serves mostly very good food. They pride themselves as a wine bar and I sense we got a little "bait and switch" the other night. we are NOT wine experts by any means. their blackboard lists wine bottles for the evening and the first 2 or 3 least expensive wines were already "gone" by our 6:30 start time. I could be wrong..but I sensed the waiter and bartender were in "cahoots"  in giving us a sub par wine. what we did get was  OK...but not what we wanted. Wife didn't like her salad much but the rest of the food was fine. I had a pasta fagioli soup which was very tasty. wife had some kind of 3 cheese chicken croquette appetizer. My veal parm with penne was excellent...wife's eggplant parm was quite good. crowd is quite loud..music too loud also....prices very reasonable but that wine deal left me feeling...not quite right.
4	Used a groupon for first visit, and it won't be our last!  Great service, atmosphere, wine, and food. The antipasti salad was amazing and large enough for four people to share!
4	I went several years ago and it was pretty good, and I went again last week and it was even better. Great lunch specials. The service was really good also. I had the meatball sliders with pasta salad. I wasn't a fan of the pasta salad (too vinegary) but the food was good. My friend got the chicken piccata and he ate every bite.
4	Me and my wife enjoyed it very much!We got the Groupon and it was worth it.Very good food and nice atmosphere .We will be back for sure.
5	Tried this place for our first time after a friend recommended it. We had an awesome experience. Tried the Artesian meat and cheese platter. Excellent. Had the beet salad which was good but a little more salad than beets. It was huge too. Next I had the tagliatelle with bolognese sauce which was delicious. The pasta was fresh and homemade and you could taste the difference in a positive way. My hubby had the filet with gorgonzola sauce and the meat was cooked to perfection and very tender. Did not even need a steak knife to slice it. Had the tiramisu for dessert. The portion was perfect and very yummy. In addition, the service was excellent and the owner took the time to go around speaking to each table. Very nice touch. Ambience was semi-casual, kinda romantic place with the mood lighting. Nice wine selection too. We will definitely be coming back in the future.
5	Great place! No complaints. I always get take out, so I can't comment on dining experience. But when I walk in i always want a glass of wine! atmosphere is nice. It is usually empty though. The food is a little pricey but taste great! Always done quickly and correctly. Yum!
5	I love going to Mezzo the chef and manager are outstanding. My family has been frequenting this place for 4 years now and never had a poor experience. The food is great, large portions of everything, and you can customize your order without the huff and puff. I read some reviews and one of the complaints that made me laugh was how long the food took to come out... I love the atmosphere and it is a sit down restaurant if you want food fast, maybe go to a fast food place? I like that my food is made to order vs mass production. I would love if they moved the location up further north on 95 but oh well.
5	This was my fourth time at mezzo and the food was wonderful as usual. They have a great wine list and there specials are always very good. Love this place I recommend it to all my friends !
5	This was good Italian food. I had the Italian Wedding Soup, by suggestion of the waitress.  It was very good with big chunks of chicken and small meatballs throughout. If I could change anything, I would preferred less carrots, but I'm also not a fan of cooked carrots.  Still loved the soup. Then I ordered the Scallop Special, which consisted of perfectly seared scallops over a  big portion of cheesy polenta with asparagus on top.  There was a citrus sauce on the bottom that wasn't my favorite, but I didn't care because the rest was so good. I found out they make their cannolis from scratch, so we took one each to go. This is a good place and glad we came.
3	I have been there on two separate occasions, and both times were, well.....meh. The atmosphere is certainly top notch. We had the little private room for my buddy's birthday, and we had a large table on the second occasion, both were comfy, and we had about 10 people both times. The entire restaurant is set-up very tight for seating, which is actually nice for a small place, it is almost homey, that part I like.The staff is good. The waiter we had the first time seemed like he was certainly new at his job, when someone asked the specials he fumbled around a bit, but he was quick on his toes and provided good service. I wish I could remember the waiter we had in the evening, he was easily one of the best waiters I have ever had. He knew everything there, very knowledgeable about wines (it IS a wine bar) and the menu, very enthusiastic. The food is ok, could step it up a bit for the price. My wife and I both had specials of the evening. I had Chilean sea bass, which just tasted like fish, nothing outstanding. My wife had prime rib that was pretty good. My prior visit I had meat lasagna, which tasted good, but was basically a bowl of melted cheese, while my wife had chicken piccata, which was pretty good. The coffee was not good. This may be nit-picky, but I really put a big emphasis on good coffee, and there's was not good coffee. And it wasn't hot. Coffee is one of those things that I like to order after my meal, and really seals the deal for me as to the quality of the establishment.My biggest beef with this place was when we were basically handed our hat when trying to order desert. The waiter told us his manager wanted to box up our desserts upon ordering and send us on our way because of a wedding party that was coming in. I told them that we would certainly NOT pay for desserts in a box, when we could just go down the street and grab something for a quarter of the price. The waiter clearly felt like a jerk, he said straight up that was not right, he was just doing his job. Then the manager came over and apologized, gave us a little discount, handed us some coupons, and sent us on our way. We discovered in the parking lot that the coupons all expire within a couple of weeks, too. Our check was over $300, and we were hustled out the door. U n a c c e p t a b l e.
4	Great Italian food.  Been here 3x. Suggestions by wait staff have been perfect.  Nice dark atmosphere. Great for a dinner date.  Ambience is superb. Has never been crowded any time I have been here
5	Wow!!Amazing server! Was very professional and fast... Think her name was Hanna.Dinner was great! I had the Oriechette Calabrese and it was amazing! The tiramisu is great!Amazing place for dinner out off Rancho & Craig.
4	We have been to Mezzo many times and have never been disappointed.  We went this last Friday to hear the jazz performers and they were very good.  This is a family owned place and it shows.  The service is always very good along with the ambiance.  The prices are reasonable for the quality and quantity of food provided.  Mezzo also has a very good selections of reasonably priced wines.You can normally find coupons for them if you look around and signup for their email club.  We look forward to returning to Mezzo many more times in the future as they make us feel like family.
4	I LOVE Mezzo Bistro and Wine!! The ambiance at Mezzo is perfect - The restaurant is dimly lit, saturated in red, and decorated heavily with Italian accents. It feels intimate and sets the mood perfectly for a romantic date or night out. Mezzo is like this hidden local gem that you find in a totally unexpected place.I'm not gonna lie, there was a stretch where my husband and I visited Mezzo once a month. My husband loves his Tuscan Tenderloin ($19) so much, he declared that it was his favorite meal ever. I myself prefer the Vegetable Lasagna ($15). It's loaded with squash, mushrooms, zucchini, and asparagus to name a few ingredients. More importantly, the Vegetable Lasagna is just dripping with cheese. Few Italian restaurants make a vegetarian lasagna (at least to my liking), so I have to get it while it's hot! I'd also highly recommend the Insalata Salad ($5). It's huge, fresh, and unique. As much as I'd like to give Mezzo 5 stars, I have to knock 'em down by one due to service. The service is inconsistent at Mezzo and your experience depends on which waiter you get. Joe is the best waiter at Mezzo - he's friendly, attentive, and has memorized our order since we're regulars. I've learned to ask for Joe when we come in, so word to the wise, make sure you do the same! Mezzo is a great local restaurant that has outstanding food and great ambiance. Do yourself a favor and eat here.
4	So I tried this restaurant for the first time since moving to vegas in march and I was very pleased with everything! I got my order to go because I had a long day when I arrived the hostess was very pleasant and lead me to the bar where they gathered my order. They were very friendly even on the phone when i was ordering. When I got home the food was very hot still I could barely handle the trays. Which was a pleasant suprise. We got the gnocchi and chicken marsala it was delicious! it was all amazing. The only down side is it is a bit expensive. But in would say that overall it was worth it.
5	We enjoyed a most delicious and abundant dinner at Mezzo!  We were presented with huge portions of delicious seafood antipasto, complete with baked eggplant; grilled prawns cradled in a most mouth watering risotto.  The meatballs were straight out of a Italian kitchen, smothered in a great Sunday sauce. The steak filet was cooked perfectly, coupled with a smoldering red wine- remarkable.What makes the dinner even more delightful is the attentive staff, namely Marisa, who answered all of our questions and was most professional, special "thank you" Marissa for helping us with our choices and adding so much to the dining experience. The ambience is also a big plus- it feels like you are sitting is a very cozy Italian kitchen-  Mezzo is a worthwhile experience.  I promise you will not be disappointed.
4	We love this place,  we always get Groupon and come here and have a fabulous lunch.  They have an amazing lunch special line up and I have tried the chicken parmesan which is an always count on to be delicious and filling kind of meal.  Today I had the hangar steak with mashed instead of garlic fries and the gorgonzola cream sauce,  well let's just say I drank it from the cup,  it's that good!! Service is always good and it's a cozy place.  One  iggy I'm going to come for wine and dinner instead of just lunch
4	My family and I went here for the first time last night. The atmosphere was very nice and we were seated at a booth that was tucked away. The service was great and the food was fabulous. We had the spaghetti and meatballs and the chicken parmesan. The portions were very large and we each took leftovers home. We will definitely go back.
5	My boyfriend and I went there last night for a romantic date. It's super close to our house and looks beautiful inside and out!  We had read all the great reviews about it on yelp so we decided to try it and we absolutely loved it! The owner greeted us from the moment we walked in,  service was fast, to the point and the food phenomenal!  I had the chicken parmigiano, he had the veal parmigiano,  we started with calamari,  red wine and blue moon.  Everything was perfect, looks like you step out of Vegas and into Italy!  I recommend this place to anyone who likes to discover little hole in the wall treasures ;) the portions are large too!
1	I've been to this place a couple of times and food was GREAT and so was the service, but last week...BAD, BAD, BAD...and would never go back again.First of all, any of you been to this place, the tables are very close together.  So, after we were seated and ordered our food, another couple sat next to us.  Well, there was a guy talking to the other couple next for about 15-20 mins at a time, well he scooted between the tables and his BUTT was literally next to our appetizer, wine glass, and face.  He was so rude.  Not once he realize what he was doing, we scooted the table away from him, it just gave him more room to scoot towards us.  We kept moving it 'til it was joining the other table.  It was gross, completely ruining our evening.To top things off, the lasagna was cold in the middle and really lacked flavor, so was the blackened salmon dish.  We did have a pretty good glass of wine, no question about that.  That was the only good thing out of that place.After our meal, we mentioned it to the waitress, and she said the guy we were referring to was the owner.  You would think the owner would have been more courteous  towards his customers, but hey he's the owner.  If that's the way he wants to run his restaurant, then we are definitely not going back.If you like the owner's BUTT in your face or the smell of BUTT, this is absolutely the best place to go all day long and would highly recommend it.  If this is your preference, please change my 1 star to 5 stars.
5	I just love this place. I discovered it when I purchased a Groupon for lunch it was fantastic fettuccine was very good does shrimp wrapped in bacon excellent I have had numerous things there I've gone for lunch and dinner I have not checked in every time I've gone there but I would imagine my total about 8 visits. But the thing I don't get is why the place isn't more crowded it is very good the people that work there are friendly nice and attentive. I should not feel this place up too much because then it will become crowded but I really like this place I'm a great lover of Italian food and this place rocks.
4	Took out from here so not a fair review of this better quality Italian restaurant. The owner, Sean, was a really good guy. We ordered in excess and took it back to my parents. The pizza- Had two different ones. Very good.The beet salad with goat cheese- killerThe special pasta with chicken- DeliciousVeal Piccata- Very goodNice dining room. Decent wine list.Good spot.
5	I have eaten here over 3 times now. The food has been consistently delicious. Have tried a new entree each time. The Italian Wedding soup is my favorite. I have ordered on each visit as my starter!
1	Sorry to say that the one star belongs to Marisa, the most professional server, at Mezzo.  My family has enjoyed Mezzo in the past, several times. However, recently, on Veteran's Day, we were humiliated and disheartened.  We sat down to enjoy a dinner, with our Groupon, on Veteran's Day.  We were met by a most unprofessional wait staffer. She was abrupt and crudely remarked, in a heightened tone, that the Groupon was not accepted on Veteran's Day! What?  We read the Groupon aloud, indicating that there was no mention of Veteran's Day exclusion on the Groupon. Here, my husband, a Viet Nam Vet sits, with his Marine Corps shirt, and listens to the waitress coldly repeat-"No not accepted today!!"  I asked her to call for a manager, she never did, she just went to the back and retuned in two minutes and said that the Groupon is not accepted today.  I was ready to leave. Then she remarked, " It's up to the owner's discretion,  he said NO.  At the risk of having a problem and ruining the day, we ate and left.  We called Groupon Corporate immediately.  Groupon noted that Mezzo was wrong and the Groupon was supposed to be honored.I went back to Mezzos today, with my Groupon, and spoke to a manager and  one of the owners- Kelly Richards. After explaining my experience on Veteran's Day and having eaten dinner, they were both extremely arrogant.  They apologized for the servers behavior (chalking it up to a bad day), they repeated that it is up to the owner's discretion to use the Groupon and they DIDN'T ACCEPT GROUPONS ON VETERANS DAY!    Their nerve and arrogance is beyond words. He didn't even realize the level of his indifference and callousness.  He kept boasting about what he does for the community.  Well we have news for him, you show us no respect and dignity, and you will receive the same treatment in return.  How dare you be so rude to a veteran on Veterans Day, or at anytime!!  I hope all the vets that patronize your "mom and pop" business, get this message.  I will be sure to get this message out.  WE WILL NOT RETURN.  All vets should stand together and be aware of this treatment.
1	Server/bartender was unatttentive with little personality on a very slow Monday early afternoon.She chatted it up with a customer that came in that was clearly a close friend. Gossiped the whole time I was trying to enjoy my lunch.I had the chicken piccata. The sauce was decent but the chicken was very bland. The calamari was rubbery and my boyfriends lasagna was watery with little cheese in the middle. We waited 5 minutes for our check when she stood there and folded napkins. When we were the only table in the building. Overall I won't be coming back
4	I am not much of an Italian food fan but decided to come to dinner here today with few friends. The ambience is beautiful as soon as I walked in I was WOWed. It is great for a date night as the lighting is dim. There is a live music. The food was ok, my friends liked their dishes more. The place was crowded.
3	Even if the food is bland and basic to say the least, good customer service always makes me want to give a restaurant a 2nd chance!Took out my bf here for his bday as we visited Vegas. The place is dark inside it was weird for me. Anyway in terms of the food. It was okay. My bf got a pasta dish and I got a magherita pizza(not sure of that spelling). Our waiter was okay, not really dying to please, his customer service was the nare minimum. He really wasn't trying to go an extra mile. I guess it's okay, he looked tired. For the price, I feel like we could have gotten better service and tastier food somewhere else.  won't be visiting again
1	Mezzo BistroThe Good, the Bad, and the Office SuppliesIt pains me to write this because I really liked this place, but Yelp is all about honest and useful reviews, right? Brace yourself.In the past two years have I visited Mezzo Bistro about five or six times. The atmosphere is nice, the food is really good, and the wine selection is pretty decent. I have always had a pleasant experience so why would this time be any different? Anticipating my next trip to Vegas, I bought a Groupon for $22 towards lunch because it was one of my favorite off-Strip restaurants. Was.Around 11:30am on 10/30/13, my husband and I went in for lunch. We ordered Chicken Parmesan, Chicken Piccata, and Caesar salads. The salads came out and the first couple of bites were delicious, as always. But then, without any warning, I bit down on something hard. Something crunchy and solid. I immediately spit it into my napkin and looked to see what the hell it was. A pushpin. I felt the blood drain from my face. Are you freaking kidding me?! A pushpin? In a salad? How does that even happen? Correct me if I'm wrong, but the manager's desk and everything inside it should not be anywhere near the food prep area. I don't even understand how that happened. It fell into the bowl and got mixed in with the lettuce and croutons? What the hell, people?!So I took a photo of it because there's no way anyone in the world would believe such a ridiculous thing could happen. My husband called the waitress over to show her what had happened. She seemed unimpressed. He then asked to speak to the manager. The waitress went in the back and talked to the manager, but when she came back out she went behind the bar and busied herself and ignored us entirely. Really? That's how you handle such a crisis? That's your customer service policy? To ignore it and hope it goes away? Wow.Fine. So we left the Groupon on the table and walked out. I was completely freaked out by that experience. That could have gone so badly, for me and for the restaurant. If I had bitten down on it the wrong way, or swallowed it, that was gonna be a bad day for everybody. My husband wrote a Yelp review later that day. He included the photo I took of the white pushpin. We all know businesses read their reviews online. To date, not one person, management, legal or otherwise, from Mezzo Bistro has contacted us. Unreal.This is the only bad thing I have to say about this restaurant. But it's a pretty damn bad thing. Dine at your own risk.
1	This is a comment to kelly.  your response is over a month late to even consider to be serious.  you dishonored a veteran on veteran's day. shame on you!  if you do so many good things for vets, then why would you humiliate and show disrespect to one on veteran's day. This is not personal-it's for all the vets who should be aware of your on this special day. !!! you should not be allowed to treat vets in this way.  Shame on you again!
