5	Absolutely amazing service. I called Eco Electric and set up an appointment. Chris showed up at our house right on time and did the job for exactly the price that he had quoted me on the phone. He was very friendly and even took the time to explain to me what he was doing and why he was doing it. Our whole loft area didn't have any working outlets for the last 3 years, Chris figured out what the issue was and immediately went to work fixing it. I will make sure to use Chris and Eco Electric any time I am in the need of an electrician.
5	Tired of getting the run-around from other electricians, I decided to get one last bid. It turned out to be the best decision I made. I found Eco-Electric on yelp and decided to give them a call. The owner, Chris, answered the phone. Explained the work I needed. He set up an initial appt, gave me a quote (which was very good), and schedule the job.. Everything was handle very professional, timely and as quoted. If I ever need an electrician again, I will definitely call Eco.
5	I needed an outlet installed in my pantry and Eco Electric was very prompt. The outlet was easily installed, it was inexpensive and the company was accomodating to my time schedule.Highly recommend Chris at Eco Electric :)
5	Very professional and efficiant outfit!  Fixed a ceiling fan FAST and they were right on time with the scheduled appointment.  Great communication and very honest from start to finish.  They processed my payment over the phone for my rental property which made things very easy.  Thanks!
5	After moving into a rental home, my boyfriend and I were dismayed to find a few problems with our electric. Chris came out to view our issues promptly. He was very professional and listened to our complaints with great regard to our wallets. He was knowledgeable about our indoor and outdoor electric issues. Ultimately, we decided to fix an outlet which was not live inside our kitchen. His crew did a wonderful Job and were very clean. I would highly recommend Eco electric.
5	Eco Electric was very easy to work with. I called them to check out why one of the bedrooms in one of  my rentals wasn't receiving electricity. They went out the next day and fixed the issue. Turns out one of the outlets in the master went out and caused many other issues in the house. The electrician quickly replaced it at a very inexpensive cost and was really nice to work with over the phone. Will be happy to work with you guys again!
5	If you need an electrician, this group is unbelievable!  Everything they did was exactly as described.  No surprises!  Very open to answering my questions.  Drew and Angel actually did the work at my house.  I couldn't have asked for anything more.  It's hard to find competent people in vegas.  And Chris, the owner, loves what he does and it shows!  Give these guys a shot!
5	After moving into our home, we realized just how dark the great room was. A decision was made to have recessed lighting installed and, while we were at it, add 2 more recessed lights to the ones in our kitchen.After searching for someone to do the work, I came across Eco online and saw all the rave reviews. I contacted them and they sent Bill out to give us an estimate.Bill was VERY professional and friendly when he came to do the estimate.After tons of work being done to our last house, I've gotten pretty good at weeding out the poor contractors and handymen.Bill's attitude and professionalism left me with no choice but to hire Eco....he was that good.I am happy and thrilled to say that the work they did on our home was above and beyond what I had hoped for. The work was done perfectly and every little bit of mess was cleaned up before they left. I know now that I have found a great electrician in our newly adopted city.Thank you Bill for making this easy.
5	Didn't hire or use them yet, but when I called and explained I had gotten a quote from another company and was comparison shopping, they were happy to help. I explained my situation, timeline and expectations.  The very personable young lady on the phone explained the quick turnaround time would be tough, but offered to send a crew out to provide a quote for me the next day anyway.Not wanting to waste ther time or mine, I explained the work, the likely hours it would take and the quote I had gotten from the other company.  She honestly told me that Eco Electric would likely be in the same neighborhood on pricing - the other company didn't sound unreasonable at all for the amount of work - and she could try to make my timeline but would feel better about scheduling it further out.Honesty and integrity can't get much better than that.  I don't want to wait unless I can save a SUBSTANTIAL amount, and that didn't sound likely.  Thank you Eco for being honest and up front.  You can bet if the other company doesn't show up on time or doesn't do the work according to my high standards, you'll be the first call I make after I'm done kicking them out. Nice to know I have a safety net.Easy to see why they have a solid 5-star rating with over 10 reviews - don't see that much.  Thanks again Eco!
5	Eco Electric is great--customer service is definitely a priority with them.  Anyway, I needed a REAL electrician to re-fix a couple of things that were installed by a friend of a friend.  Saw awesome reviews and decided to try them.  Requested my appointment online and Melissa, the office manager, confirmed by email.  How slick is that?  She also kept me updated by phone about when their electrician would arrive.  Joe was efficient, very professional, nice and oh so patient!  Got my fancy-schmancy kitchen timer switch and patio sensor light installed, tested, and ready to roll in record time.  Charged a very fair price for a fabulous job.  Should have used Eco Electric to get the job done right, the first time.  Just glad they could help!  Will use them again and will also recommend them without hesitation to anyone.
5	I had a great experience from my initial email inquiry through the completion of my project. I wanted to have recessed lighting installed in my living room. I sent an email inquiry and received a fast reply to schedule the appointment for an estimate. I had gotten a few other estimates and this one was much less and much more detailed- Bill came out and did a thorough review of what we wanted as well as checked the tresses (not sure if that is the right term) to make sure he was giving us the most accurate quote. He also told us what a light switch went to we had no idea was connected to anything! We immediately scheduled with them- it was obvious they knew what they were doing and were honest. We were able to get a fast install with Joe who did a terrific job and my husband said was very professional (I wasn't here at the time of the install) but the lighting came out FANTASTIC! I will continue to use them for any future electrical projects. The best part is the actual cost was less than estimated because the labor time for completion came under the estimate. I was very impressed and will recommend them to everybody I know.
5	I had Eco Electric come out and wire 3 rooms for overhead lights/fans.  Their price was a few hundred dollars cheaper than the other quote I received.  The work was done in 3 hours, just as they estimated and the workers were very courteous.  I would highly recommend them and I will not be calling anyone else the next time I need electrical work done,  Great Job!!!
5	Highly recommend to my clients and friends.  Next day appointment to repair a GFI short in my residence.  Melissa set appointment, gave me a 100% accurate quote, and provided the name of the technician.  The tech showed on time and was quick to fix.  He was also professionally  pleasant. What else could one ask for...
5	I have dealt with many electricians before but never had this experience. They are so reasonable with the prices and the people are all so amazingly sweet and professional! I am truly in awe of how easy it felt to deal with an annoying house chore. Just recommended them to my mom!
5	The breaker that controlled my pool sweep was kicking off several times a day. My pool was a disaster. After dealing with this issue for over a month, I checked Yelp ad saw the good reviews for Eco Electric. Well, I can say for sure that those excellent reviews were right on! The work was excellent and my pool equipment hasn't run as efficiently in the 10 years that I have owned this house. Thank you Eco Electric for your excellent service and reasonable prices. I'm a customer for life.
5	I used hired Eco Electric, back in June, to pull some ethernet, coax, and voice cables in a home that was just purchased.  Bill came out and did the site survey.  He was really patient and very professional.  He took his time and explained how his crew was going to pull the cables.  His team, Drew and Angel, did a wonderful job.  All the drops work perfectly and haven't had an issue.  I'll be using them again to do additional electrical work in the garage.  If you need an electrician that can do it all, these guys are it.
5	Where do I begin? I found out about this company through Yelp. Had some problems with my outlets and so I called and spoke to Melissa. Melissa is very, very kind and really easy to talk to! She was also very patient with me as I put her on hold a couple times. I told her about my situation, she gave me rates, we set an appointment and BOOM! this guy named Joe was here in about 15 minutes time. Joe is also easy to talk to and he is friendly, too. He knows a lot from what I gathered, which is great! All in all I would say the service was fantastic and super fast. I would most definitely recommend to anyone with electrical problems. To Joe, you freakin' rock man, thanks for your help and for answering all my questions. I'LL BE BACK.
5	Eco Electric has amazing customer service!!!  I haven't had any service done, because they troubleshooted my issue over the phone!  :) My bathroom lights went out....all three bathrooms!  Only the lights, the outlets worked fine.  So, I checked the breakers...they were fine.  Then I did what any girl would do...I consulted google and after reading every message board I could find; I determined that I must have a short in the circuit.  I don't even know what a circuit is.  I decided to call Eco Electric from their amazing yelp reviews.  Melissa answered the phone was so sweet!!!  She advised me that there is a gfi outlet in the garage that may need to be reset and she walked me through the whole process over the phone, so I could do it myself!  Guess what?!?!?  It worked!
5	They showed up on time, were very professional, clean and thorough . On Las Vegas, that's a miracle.
1	"Free Estimate" cost us $50!!!! What a scam. He came in, looked at the situation, changed a light bulb, and said it didn't qualify to be an estimate so that would cost us a service charge!?!?!  Conveniently he couldn't get ahold of his boss, so that cost us $50 when we feel it should have been free. Not cool.
1	In response to the comment by Melissa of Eco Electric- These are the events that followed and why we are upset. I had called and explained that the ballast of my light fixture had gone, that I have had this problem before that I knew what it roughly would cost me due to my experience last year with the same issue but a different company. I let them know that I expected it to be around $65 and was looking to get it done for around the same cost. She told me that they would come out and give me a free estimate on installing a new fixture. I told her that I wasn't looking for a new fixture that I just wanted the ballast fixed. She told me that they would still come out and give me a free estimate on how much it would cost to fix and how much it would cost to install a new one. Bill looks at it and says just the light bulb was out. That will be $50. I said that you were supposed to come out with a free estimate, he said yeah but there is nothing to estimate here. That he has to charge me for a house call, unless we had something else we needed an estimate for. Bill said he has to cover the drive "all the way out here", all 1.7 miles. We had him do something else minor just to feel like we weren't getting ripped off. We feel like we did getting ripped off because we were never told that if he finds nothing wrong that we will be charged. Also if we had him give us an estimate on something, and said no we don't want it done, then we would of been charged nothing? Also, I was so specific when I called in she could of easily given me an estimate of how much that would cost. When I say it is this and it should cost us no more than this, she knew exactly what I was talking about and probably could of given me an estimate without even having to send someone out. Instead she tried to upsell me into getting an estimate on a new fixture (which I never got). Bottom line I called with a problem, she said it would be a free estimate to say how much it cost to fix, they come out and tell me to change the light bulb, and ask for $50. That's a charge not an estimate. If your willing to come out for free to diagnose and estimate cost, this shouldn't be any different.
5	Joe was super friendly and professional . He fixed my ceiling fan problem in less than 30 minutes. Will definitely recommend.
5	I called Eco Electric for an estimate on a 1950s house that I made an offer to purchase with some obviously seriously wrong wiring (extension cords stapled to framing of garage used to "hardwire" things?!).  Bill took the time to retrace all wires to give a proper estimate and explanations of my options to fix.  Professional, personable, and I trust them.  I will be getting the work done from them when we close on the house.
5	These guys are awesome!  Beginning with Angel in the office and Melissa one of the owners, and ending with Angel the technician.  Everyone ensured that my electrical problems were taken care of. Fast, same day service and they actually knew what they were doing.  Angel fix a bad wire job and recommended some future repairs.  All this for what I believe was a very reasonable rate.I highly recommend them to everyone.
5	I'm a repeat customer. Melissa is great to work with over the phone, super friendly.  Dustin showed up on time and was very sweet. He did a through job. I will use them again.
5	The service provided by this company was excellent and reasonably priced. The electrician, Joe, showed up at the appointed time (he called ahead as requested) listened to my explanation of the problem and applied the appropriate solution. The most telling thing I can say about this service I that I put their number in my phone directory so that when their is future work to be done I'll call them again and I will ask for Joe.
3	Melissa was awesome! She was able to schedule someone to come out and hang my pendant lights the same day. She was friendly and professional. She even called me back to let me know an earlier opening was available. The electrician that came out, Lucio, was on time, but it took him a while to get going. I have a new construction home and it took him 20 minutes to figure out which light switch was connected to the pendant lights (the builder hadn't taken the plastic off the wire). He wasn't very gentle and damaged the lighting cover for one of my pendants. It wasn't noticeable, so I just went with the program. The end quote was $25 more than the original quote Melissa gave me (even with the $10 advertised senior discount we didn't discuss during the initial phone call). I think I ended up paying extra for Lucio's lack of knowledge. At the end of the day, the lights are beautiful and hung professionally. Overall, I'm satisfied. They did what I expected them to be able to do. I'm  just not overly impressed.
5	These guys are amazing they came out on short notice for my spa and then we called again for some things around the house that need correction...fast and on time great people to work with...and to top it off we forgot some things but they came right back out and didn't charge us the minimum fee again awesome company keep up the GREAT work!!!     HIGHLY RECCOMEND the girl on the phone was super nice and dustin? was great as well!!
5	Eco Electric is the best!  The entire crew is super nice and professional.  Bill came to the house right on time for the estimate.  As I listed the projects, he explained what needed to be done in detail. Joe and Drew came out as scheduled.  They did an awesome job!  They hooked up a ceiling fan, installed dimmer switches, installed two sconces, and fixed my home address plate light.  They had to go through the attic and pull wire to the sconces.  They installed them perfectly  - centered and beautiful!  I highly recommend them and will use them for all of my electrical work!
5	Great electricians. Fast service. Accurate analysis. Very professional service. Trust Yelp you can't go wrong. These guys had high rating on yelp and now I know why!Thanks ECO for the great job you did today in my LV home.
5	I have AMERICAN HOME SHIELD-  CROOKS. After AHS denied services I had to find an electrician. I read ECO electric's yelp reviews and called sunday evening - left a voice message. I got a call Monday next morning at 9-15 am and they were at my house by 12:30 AS PROMISED- on time no hassle service. I was quoted 1hr - maybe 2 at most. The technician came out, assessed the repairs, fixed them and went the extra mile to repair some additional item that was obviously in need of attention and the work was done by the close of the business day. WAY TO GO ECO ! LUIS- flyright
5	Excellent communication and very friendly electrician. Bill went above and beyond in explaining the electrical issues I was having at my house. The repairs were fast and very affordable. An honest electrician is hard to find. I highly recommend Eco Electric!I also had a schedule ifn issue and was not home when the electrician came but Melissa was very friendly and accommodating and sent an electrician out 3 hours later when I was home at no additional charge. Excellent service.
4	Excellent service! I called late last week to schedule an after work appointment. The scheduling staff was so accommodating. Joe, the electrician, arrived promptly, explained all processes to me and showed me why I would need certain work. He contacted his manager who emailed me a clear quote. I really appreciate this type of service. I will be using them again for future work.
5	Add us to the long list of satisfied customers.  Wanting to make a few upgrades before summer, I started looking for an electrician. I asked around for referrals with no success.  After contacting other electricians, and one being a no show, I found ECO Electric with tons of 'glowing' reviews. Melissa was very cordial and made an appointment with Bill for an estimate.  The first thing Jesus did when he arrived, was apologize saying Bill was ill and he would be doing the estimate. That was fine with me. He is very nice, easy-going, respectful, knowledgeable, and I learned he's a master electrician. Jesus understood everything I wanted and emailed the estimate. I called the office and made arrangements to have the work done. Melissa said it would be an all day job for pre-wiring and hanging four ceiling fans, install recessed lighting with dimmers, and exterior outlets. Jesus arrived before 8 waiting for his team, Lucio and Joe. He lined out the job, and we were in good hands. Joe and Lucio are pretty cool! They worked well together accomplishing everything in an orderly manner, were organized, protected the work areas, kept us apprised of everything, and even put up with Buffy who supervised the job at every turn. She was pooped afterwards! We couldn't have had a better team. I don't ordinarily have work crews where I'm not underfoot looking at everything.  I have a good sense of people and felt very comfortable and asked to make themselves at home. We feel they are assets to ECO Electric. Recommended?  Absolutely! Living here only three years, we now have a plumber, water treatment service, pest control and a highly recommended electrical team we will definitely refer. We're extremely pleased with the high-touch customer service, and the end results. Thanks, we are happy!
5	I called Eco Electric because of 5 star review on Yelp. I am so glad. They are cheaper than last company I used, being that they charge on 1/2 hour increments after 1st hour, don't smoke on the clock, and know what they are doing. I am very happy with Eco Electric.
5	Requested my appointment online in the wee hours of the night when I remember things, woke up to an email, confirmed my appointment, Rob was early and he was done in no time! I am definitely using them again. It's so nice to not have weird flaky people to do business with! Thank you Eco  I can now see the light(literally)
5	I experienced and electrical problem this morning and called Melissa at Eco. I'll cut to the chase: I would not go anywhere else or consider anyone else because from the initial request for help to the completed work, everything went to perfection! Bill arrived on time and even called to say he might be running a bit late. His work was flawless and he did more than expected. He explained everything he did, went about his work as a true professional and completed the billing transaction effortlessly. This is my second experience with these great folks and if I could rate ALL ASPECTS of the service higher I certainly would. Eco is simply an outstanding company with a superb group of people.
4	I would probably give these guys 5 stars, but to me 5 stars is for exceptional service. I had a front porch light not working and I of course tried changing the bulb with no luck. Then I noticed that when I turned the light fixture itself, it would turn on- momentarily, so I figured it must just be a loose wire. I then started to unscrew the light fixture so that I could check the wiring (I've never done this before, but it looks simple enough on youtube) but decided to call an electrician when I noticed the light fixture wasn't coming off very easily. I didn't want to end up with it just hanging out of the socket because I pulled on it too hard. Well, I made an appointment with Eco Electric on their online appointment setter here: http://ecoelectriclv.com/appointment-request/ . And that's where they lost a "star". Meaning that they didn't call me to confirm, but they did email asking me if a specific time spot would work. I didn't notice the email until about 10am that morning (I emailed them at about midnight) and I called, but they didn't seem to have any record of me in their system. That Said... I still give them 4 stars because they worked to still get  me a same day appointment and they did. The electrician, Joe came out and seemed like a good guy. He though that the problem would be a super simple 5 minute fix, because he sees a lot of sensors go out in these homes. Unfortunately that wasn't the problem. The problem turned out to be that I needed a whole new light fixture because it was extremely corroded on the inside where the actual bulb screws in. So he still ended up replacing the sensor, at a very discounted price since he was there and still has to charge for the service call, and he said that the sensor would probably go out very soon anyway since he sees that so often. So after installing the sensor, what he did was explain to me exactly how to just go to Home Depot and install a new light fixture of my choice, which is very- very easy to do, and this would be cheaper than having him do it. Some might be thinking, "Well, you ended up having to fix the problem yourself. Why would you still rate them 4 stars", and my answer is simple... Because despite having to pay for the service call, Joe was very honest and wanted to ensure I didn't spend an extra $80 or more for him to install a new fixture, when I could just go down Home Depot, pay $25 for one and install it myself in just a few minutes. This also taught me how to fix the problem myself in the future for the back porch light or any other simple light fixtures. Bottom line, I feel confident these guys are legit...
5	I was thrilled with the speedy, honest, and reliable service I received from EcoElectric! I had a small job under difficult circumstances (I was helping out a relative but didn't have the correct key to the house). When my electrician Dan arrived (right on time) I couldn't get in. Not only did Dan not charge me, but he didn't get upset. Then, he accommodated my crazy schedule and returned when I needed him (and when I had made the request only the evening prior). The prices are very very reasonable too. I would highly recommend this company and especially Dan.  He quickly analyzed the problem, looked for additional bad bre , Please note though, the company (rightfully so) I'm certain has the usual policy for a minimum charge for a service call. My situation was a little different because even if the electrical problem had been an easy fix (like resetting a GFI) I would have expected to pay the minimum service charge. And in my lock-out situation I would expected to and offered to pay the minimum charge.
5	Needed a ceiling fan installation on a high ceiling. The quote I received from Eco Electric beat the competition hands down.The quote was for one person's time, but they dispatched two at no extra cost to make sure the job was completed ok (due to the high ceiling).Rob and Joe got everything done, quickly and properly. As well as doing a great job, they were friendly to boot.Will use Eco Electric again and I'd recommend them.
5	Well, add me to the list.  Bill is Mr. High Voltage -- had him out for a couple jobs, one some improvements, one repairs.  Prices were reasonable, work was done timely and well, there is really not a lot more to say.  I am scratching electrician off my list because I'm covered and will be calling these guys if I ever need help again.
5	Super Friendly staff, work was delivered as promised! This is my go to crew for electrical work for my home and rental properties!
5	Eco electric has the best, most reliable, and most honest electricians around. They provide great service, give solid and reasonable prices, and do what they say they will. We love Eco electric! Highly recommended and we got a lot of quotes and did a lot of research in the Las Vegas valley.
5	These guys are amazing. I had a big electrical problem on a small apartment unit in Las Vegas. Everyone was on point, from owners Melissa and Chris, to the guys in the field; everyone made me feel that my electrical problem was in good hands. They took the time to troubleshoot everything and find the best solution, both financially and for the best quality job. Communication was constant and thorough. Count me as a very pleased Eco Electric customer guaranteed to call them again if I need electrical services anywhere they service. :)
5	Quick and informative service!After over a year without power in our master bedroom (yes, we procrastinated), I finally decided to reach out to Eco Electric to resolve the issue. I submitted a request for an appointment online for the same day and was happy to get a call back saying that they would be happy to service my request.Five minutes before the appointment time, Joe showed up and we walked him through the issue. After trying the first breaker option, the problem reoccurred. Turns out someone had tried to repair this issue before an rewired our breaker box. After 10 minutes of tinkering, the problem was solved for good and for much less than what I anticipated!
5	Eco Electric provided next day service, arrived on time, and fixed our electrical problem quickly. Joe took the time to explain the solution, which was appreciated. Thank you Eco Electric!
5	I used Eco Electric because they had great reviews on Yelp. Bill came round quickly and gave us a thorough and competitive quote for the work we needed doing. Melissa in the office is amazing and had us scheduled in no time at all. She was really flexible and worked with us on the late delivery of one of our fixtures that we had ordered online through another company which we really appreciated, She took any stress we had away just knowing that we were working with people who actually care. Rob and Drew came to do our working and they were outstanding, Seriously went way above and beyond what we had initially asked them to do. They were really fun to work with and went out of their way to help us with a project that we were hanging below the light fixture they installed. We will definitely 100% be using this company for all of electrical needs moving forward. THANK YOU SO MUCH!
5	I first had them out to add a few outside outlets to my recently purchased home. They arrived promptly for the estimate, and again to do the work. The person that did the estimate arrived along with the electricians to make sure that they understood what I wanted. The work was done quickly and perfectly. The following week, I had purchased a fountain to be placed outside near one of the outlets that they had installed for me. The company that was installing the fountain stated that they needed the outlet to be a few inches lower than it was installed. I called ECO, and they got someone right out to move the outlet for me. I am a very pleased customer.
5	My bf called this company this morning because during friday night's storm the power went out in both bathrooms. The lady was nice enough to tell us what to do because it seemed to be an easy fix or charge us $85/hr. He did what she said and it worked, she saved us $85. We would like to thank her by writing this review. That is what we call 5 star service which is very hard to find in Las Vegas.
5	My wife and I just moved into our new home (short sale, as is) and found some electrical issues. No power to the kitchen outlets, bathroom outlets and lights downstairs. So I changed the usual suspects, GFIs. Unfortunately, that did not solve all the issues. Kitchen was good.Now while trying to figure out my next step, in two days,  The master bedroom outlets and bathroom outlets went out. This is when I decided to make the call to Eco Electric.I was lucky to get same day service. I called in the morning and had my appointment set for that afternoon. When they started to run late, I was called immediately and notified. When Angel showed up, he started his analysis. The easy fix for downstairs was a new GFI.  I still had a faulty one. For the upstairs,  Angel had to check the circuit breaker box. When he opened it, that's when the problems were revealed. The upstairs had been all weird into one breaker. The others must have blown and instead off replacing them, They choose to run them all into one. And the one they did choose was the wrong type. The breaker just couldn't handle it. Now Angel didn't have the exact parts needed to fix it on the spot. He did tell me that he could get the parts and have it functioning in a couple of hours. Angel then informed me that I could save money and make the repairs myself. He explained everything to me and which exact parts I needed. He asked me if I felt comfortable doing the repairs, which I did, and then finished up. I really appreciate the time Angel spent diagnosing the problems and walking me through the whole process. Now most companies will do anything to make a dime off you but Angel gave me options. So to wrap it up, awesome staff(from the operator to the field technician), great customer service and great workmanship. Will definitely call these guys for any electrical needs that are out of my league!
5	Eco Electric was on time and quickly fixed several electrical items related to the house we bought, including two items mentioned in home inspections and a circuit that went dead. They also replaced several aging electrical sockets. The price was reasonable. We will use them again when we need an electrician
2	This is my 2nd time I used them.. The technician is on time and very polite and that's the only reason why 2 stars and not 1.. When I called I told the lady on the phone that the fan on my wine cooler is not working and since they already have a minimum $85 an hour I asked if he can see the ceiling fan why wasn't working (event though I could tell that both had a bad motor I wanted a professional opinion and at least fix the wine cooler). She gave me the time and I waited for him for several hours. When he came he tells me that they DON'T do appliances so he cant really see why the wine cellar wasn't working.. but I still had to pay for his time $60 even though he was here less than 5 minutes and didn't fix anything. He was sorry for the misunderstanding but not sorry.. "$60 cash or card?"My second and last time I guess..
1	Sure you are sorry. He did not fix anything at all. Nada! All he did was talked to you on the phone, charge the credit card and leave. If he says otherwise please make a three way phone call I'd like to hear that.
1	I too was seduced by the high Yelp ratings for this company.I will keep this simple:If you want to pay three times what you should due to the incompetence and greed of a company, then these are your guys.
5	I always take the time to write a great review when i get great service.  I had electrical issues with my new built home. I called Eco Electrical and had Rob come pay us a visit. He did a great job. Took care of the issue and was very professional.  I will refer their services and will continue to do business with them.
5	* Friendly customer service when we called to make the appointment. * Guy showed up exactly on time and was able to identify and fix the issue quickly. * He said the problem with our heater (one of the reasons we called) wasn't electrical, but it magically started working after he checked that it was getting power, so I'm giving him credit for that as well.  Excellent service. Would recommend and use again.Edit (Jan 5, 2015): Eco electric sent us a note in the mail to thank us for posting a review. Class act and good to know they actually read these reviews. Great customer service.
5	My wife and I recently moved to Las Vegas from Silicon Valley, CA. That meant we had no history with any service providers. When we needed electrical help: adding an electrical box and hanging a dining room chandelier, swapping out 3 ceiling fans and correcting some outlets and switches, we turned to Yelp for some help and found Eco Electric.As a sales and customer service trainer I am used to every potential service provider telling me they're the best. What else are they going to say, "We're the worst!" But very few truly offer world class customer service. Eco Electric does.From Bill who came to offer us an estimate to the two technicians who did the actual work I was extremely impressed with this company's professionalism. Their prices were competitive and their work exemplary. I would not hesitate to recommend them to any business or homeowner looking to hire a qualified competent electrician.
