4	I have been going here for years it does not smell I have no qualm's with this theater the IMAX thing is cool but pricey I feel bad for people with multiple children. You can get valet here on the weekend's which is a plus mainly because parking blows in this shopping center. The chairs do not lounge bad for a long movie, but you can put your armrest up and take a nap if the movie sux here.
2	I went here to see Dark Knight on the IMAX screen.  Screen size: not impressive, barely noticed it was bigger than your normal movie theater screen.  Sound: Amazing, it was quite stunning.  Seating: not impressive, no leaning chairs, they were just your average movie chairs.  Auditorium temperature: a little warm.  I really wish they would have put Dark Knight on the AZ mills IMAX.  It was not really worth the extra money and drive for me.
4	Great place for going to the movies. I like this place for a lot of reasons, here are some of them.....1. Clean , no smells, my feet never stick to the floor 2. I feel safe  there and in the parking lot3. The people that work there seem to understand what I am saying 4. there are many theaters so I  can almost always find a movie at the right time5. I can eat an okay dinner and get  to  the movie ( Baja Fresh , Panda Express,  Wildflower Bread Co. , Claim Jumper etc)6. They never freak when I bring a drink from another place7. My friends can find the place easily 8. Rarely packed out even for brand new releases
4	Went to see the Chihuahua movie this weekend with my little one and her cousin. $5.75 per child meal which is a small popcorn, soda, and a lame ass treat. My kid dropped the whole thing before we could sit down....CRAP....well they came and cleaned it up and  GAVE her another one for free I thought that was pretty cool when they charge you $2 for more cheese for your nachos. They did right.
1	I was so infuriated last night I couldn't even write this review. Apparently this has been in effect for a while, but as a STUDENT that uses the STUDENT DISCOUNT I am usually studying and not at the movie theater every night. This also means my schedule is completely filled, if I'm not in classes "gettin' the academics learned," I'm working at the job I'm thankful to have in this shit-hole economy. This means when I can squeeze an hour or two into my hectic/stressful schedule for a movie it may not be on a Thursday.If you're that desperate for money "big-man corporation" why don't you put a donation box in front of the theater? What? You don't think anyone would put "donations" in the box for AMC? Well that's probably because you already ass rape the public on ticket prices and now you're doing it without lube by limiting the STUDENT DISCOUNT to only Thursdays! I agree with Amanda B. Go to Harkins! Long live the freedom for students to go to the movies whenever they damn well please and be allowed to save some coin off the ticket price and put toward the overpriced food at the concession stand. Or Hell! I may be a little crazy here, but lets do the Super Saver Cinema (dollar theater) on Bell Road and I-17! Yes they aren't a "dollar theater" any more, they are a TWO DOLLAR theater, but at least they aren't punching me in the pocket book - repeatedly. Oh yeah, and Deer Valley AMC 30? YOUR PARKING LOT IS MAJOR SUCK-AGE!!!!!
3	Nothing special about this theater. It's swarming with teeny boppers, the parking lot sucks ass (big time!), lines are long & slow and the tickets & food are over priced. And what's this I read about student discounts only being limited to Thursdays now? If that's really the case, then that makes AMC extra whack. I guess it's time for me to give the new Harkins at Happy Valley a try.
3	This theater is often the best choice in the area just because they tend to have movie times that are frequent enough you can go for any show and not have to wait too long. This area is a bit kid-crazy and if you are in to people watching there is a Starbucks out front where you can perch and watch the latest trends in stupid walk by.  But back to the theater...Nice seats, good sound.  Somewhat dissapointing snack bar, so do not go hungry.  Their food is just typical movie fare and none to good even for that.  The pre-movie shows are also a tad annoying...the Kia commercial guy is enough to make me want to run Kia cars off the road.  They literally scream the commercials at you prior to the movie.Enjoy your movie!
4	I rarly go to the theater so it usually is a treat to eat the greasy buttery mess of popcorn when I go.The parking is not near as bad now that there is another theater up north. Friday evening around 7pm open spots left and right. NOT AN ISSUE ANYMOREThe prices suck but if you are a poor student you should rent a movie...lolThe concessions are great, not hassle, not too slow, decent selection. The theater rooms are normal and do have staduim seating. The arm rests are movable, so if you need to cuddle your other you can. The Imax is slightly better, the screen is larger, and the sound is "FANTASTIC." I would see an action flick here anyday. The staff is all cool and the customer service is GREAT. We had to leave early from a Wednesday showing and they gave us passes to come back. We used them Friday and there was not a problem at all.
4	AMC Deer Valley 30 is close to my pad and convenient. It's a regular ol modern movie theater, nothing too special, nothing to alarming. As the name implies, there are 30 different theaters inside, so movie hoppers rejoice here.We like to hit it before noon on Sundays to take advantage of the $5 early bird ticket price specials.
3	I'm downgrading AMC Deer Valley 30 to 3 stars.On the latest visit (today), my popcorn tasted like cardboard. I don't know if it was super stale or had some other problem, but it was terrible.We saw a flick in one of their 4 big theaters near the center of the complex. The seats don't lean back at all, which is kindof a bummer. Our movie also had some sound issues today. There were a bunch of incidences of garbled sound and overlapping sound. We'll be opting for the Norterra Harkins (off the I-17 & Happy Valley) from now on.
1	This is a review of the LIEMAX (IMAX) screen here. It is small, maybe a foot or two bigger than any other theatre here, but not the gigantic IMAX screen you are thinking of.  To paraphrase Obi-Wan, "This is not the IMAX you are looking for...move along" The screen you are looking for is at AZ Mills in Tempe.The audio is good...screen is disappointing for what used to be an awesome brand, IMAX. Other than screen size - the projection is awesome (it is actually IMAX film, not the digital thing) so, if you NEED to see something like Beowulf or Avatar in 3D IMAX and can't drive to Tempe (or Westgate for a Real-D presentation), this is your only hope. And it's pretty good. It's just not Old-school IMAX awesomeness.Parking for this theatre SUCKS BIG TIME. Weekends have plenty of cops and security hanging around, if that tells you anything. But, they do have valet...right in front of the box office. I don't know what it costs.There are teeny boppers galore. If you are 16 and looking to hang with some "cool" kids, this is probably your best bet in the area on a Saturday evening ...if you are an adult trying to enjoy some time off from your kids - head elsewhere.
2	meh. this place reminds me of the theatre i used to frequent in champaign, il. at least this place managed to play an entire movie without screwing it up completely. 2 stars for a place to sit by the sinks while waiting for your friend to finish her business on the toilet. but in the middle of my watching "up in the air" one of the speakers fades in and out is quite distracting.
4	Staff was super nice and helpful this trip. I was impressed. The place was clean and not crowded at all. Tickets were only $5.25 each and we got a free small popcorn using out movie watchers card. (one of the few worth keeping in my wallet)We had a great time.
3	I tend to go to this theatre for 4 reasons. Habit. Some strange alliance to AMC having once worked there.Next to my favorite sushi place. I have a crap load of movie watcher points.That said, I'm not the biggest fan anymore. The quality of the prints seems to suffer, perhaps due to under trained projectionists. They are way to strict about outside beverages.  I understand you want to sell concessions, but forbidding my $4 coffee won't make me want to buy a $6 soda.  In fact I'll likely not buy the $5 nachos or $4 bag of candy because of the policy.However, the $5 weekday and before noon movies, combined with my movie watcher points and pockets big enough to sneak in snacks, will probably keep me here. But I am way more likely to go to a Harkins than I used to be. They have pizza and popcorn chiken.
3	As far as theaters go in this area, I know I don't want to go to Metro Center.
4	Hands down the best place to go for variety. Because they have 30 different movies running they get to keep some longer than most theaters. They also have small budget & foreign films, a rarity in this state. During Oscar time in the past they have made sure they've had the movies that are nominated for awards, which I think is really cool :) They have $5 movies ($5.25 after tax) Monday through Thursday all day & on weekends for movies before 12 noon. That's a great deal. Aesthetically speaking, the place is nice, but I caught a movie there this weekend & was hit with the smell of cooked cabbage when I walked into the theater,,,,, not sure what to attribute it to. The other downer is that this is a big hangout for kids on weekend nights. Seriously, they are out in hoards, & I think the worst part is trying to play frogger with the line of parents who are picking them up, without parking of course :) Because I suck at video games I avoid this completely & just stick to weekday movies.
4	I like this theater a lot.  They have 4 larger theaters (one being an IMAX) and the rest are pretty much normal size for a multiplex.  The staff has always been nice there and are pretty quick at the concession stand.It's not a new theater anymore and there are certainly more glitzy theaters around now, but it's not rundown and everything is still kept fairly clean.
4	Clean, comfortable and a very nice place to see a movie.  I go often and look forward to returning.
4	This theater is large and impressive. The shopping center it's located in is pretty nice, surrounded by places like Jamba Juice, Starbucks, and plenty of places to grab a quick bite. The staff is always pleasant and friendly, usually the guys taking your ticket inside will joke with you. The theaters themselves are all right; they can be a little dirty but I attribute this to jerk movie-watchers who make messes. I have had their popcorn once, and I'm just going to be honest here: I had to leave the movie and visit the bathroom where I had a butt explosion. It could have been what I was watching (Twilight) but another person I know got sick here too. So avoid the popcorn and you're good to go!
4	Ive gone here for years and its still a great theater to see movies. They do have 30 screens. But some of them are damn near the size of a closet. But the 4 colossus theaters they got are huge with plenty of leg room unlike some of the newer theaters. Good place to go see movies in IMAX too. Better than some of the others that offer it. The only gripe about AMC is they use to have the cheaper tickets and they use to have student discounts. But now they charge about $10 per person at night and weekends. Try to go during the week in the afternoon when its only $5  per person.
3	This theater gets dirtier everytime I go in it.
1	I actually worked at this location in high school.  It's even where I met my husband (we worked there together).  We went back over the weekend to see Ides of March (which is great by the way) and were so disappointed to see what it has become.  First of all it says a lot that it was completely dead on a Saturday night.  I couldn't believe they'd closed off the entire east wing of the theater as well as the concession stand over in the west wing.  Granted they're not regularly open, it just looks tacky to have a fake wall and some game machines in front of it.  I came for a movie not a trip to the arcade.  There has clearly been a change in management since our last visit and since we worked there because this is not a theater worth heading to anymore.  Cold popcorn, service so bad that I had to remind them to get or soda, and charge my card and return it to me.  How about we don't take my card unless we're going to charge it and hand it to me?  No sitting on the counter while you figure out how to grab a soda and popcorn.
3	dont use the arcade games.. rip off and it just takes your money dosent even let you play!but there is alot of nice places to eat in the shopping centerand the theather itself it pretty cool nice big .. comfy seating.
4	I like coming to this location, but I put in a lot of effort to make sure I have a good movie experience. Weird right?I always try to go early morning or late night weekdays when I go to movies, to avoid the crowds, and I never see movies when they are first out.  Unless it's a comedy, I prefer being around a few people as humanly possible for my movie.  Otherwise, I don't care which location you're at, from Harkins to AMC, Scottsdale to Glendale, there are ALWAYS those people that talk loud during the movies.  Young and old, but sad to admit mostly teenagers that think they are acting cool.  That's why I go when they are in bed or off to school.After I masterfully dodge the crowd, I've always been in a clean theater.  In fact I'm usually the weirdo that sits around until the credits are done and lights are on.  And these AMC employees act like cracked out broom ninjas.  Swooping in to desperately sweep up and clean the place before the next showing starts.  Like 5 or more people will rush in and you see it go from junkie with cups left behind and popcorn everywhere, to pretty clean considering they have a small 5 min window of opportunity to get it done before the next movie.When I've had complaints in the past about people that wouldn't shut up and they kept disturbing my whole movie experience, the manager took care of it.  They were either willing to ask these people to be quiet, leave, or they would allow me a refund voucher so I could come back and see the movie at a different time.  They've been great to work with me, so far.
5	Me and my son went in there on Saturday to catch a flick. Had a while until the movie started so we went to the Starbucks in the same plaza.I had finished mine but he was still workin on his and he said he would bring it in to the movie and they better not give him any sh*t or else.I told him what was about to happen but he didn't care and tried it anyways.Which of course they promptly threw him out.So, five stars because that was pretty funny..
4	I like AMC's and this one has been pretty good. Going to check out their IMAX for Underworld, will finalize the review after. I was going to be a bit upset since they had no flavor toppings for popcorn, but the IMAX movie....WOW!
1	I discovered again why I don't go to AMC movie Theatres $13.00 for a Ex Large drink and a small personal Pizza are you kidding me !!!!!. I work for one of the larger Banks and people say we charge a lot but this is just wrong when the food and drink cost moe than your movie. I give this one star only because I can't post this other wise
3	Outrageous prices at AMC's theater snack bars!A small popcorn and a small soda was $10.50.  So what gives with that?  Unreasonable prices.  Granted I've not been to their snack bar for several months, but what happened here - I don't remember paying that much.My matinee admission was cheap enough, only 5 bucks.  At Wildflower Bakery I had already paid less than 10 bucks for a sandwich and soda and that was good value for the money.  But at AMC we're only talking theater snacks here, and small ones at that.  No wonder the guy behind the counter didn't try to supersize my order.  The price would have blown my mind.No complaints about the theater which seems to be clean and well maintained.  But in the future I'll skip the snacks at AMC.
4	The staff at the refreshment counter have given up all hope in life and have resigned themselves to being inept at their jobs and all aspects of their lives. Now I'm no fan of a late teen to start with, but when they look at you like you're stupid when you order an iced mocha, on the menu, then sigh when they have to make it, it makes e hate them all the more.  To the chubby little blond bitch, tighten up your game sweetheart.
2	IMAX on a holiday is $15 per person as they charge weekend rates on holidays. Now why is that necessary? I mean seriously? The theater is nice and all but $15 per ticket? And no drink or popcorn is included? I am still shocked. Never again lol
5	Love this theater.  It is conveniently located off Loop 101, they have the best pre-show entertainment with their First Look, they have the most comfortable stadium style seating, concessions selection is great, & the staff is helpful and friendly.  The stadium style seating is very important when you're short.  I have never had a viewing issue at any AMC Theater. =)
4	I visited the AMC Deer Valley 30 theater to watch the premier "Never Back Down".  Its a huge theater.  Nice and clean and pretty up to date.  We just ordered an extra large soda and popcorn, which came out to about $14.   Ouch!  Normally, when we pay that much for popcorn, its flavored like carmel or cheese.  So the popcorn would be my only complaint.  But they do have many other items to chose from.  Other than that, I am a fan!
5	Close, convenient, and one of the best IMAX displays I've seen thus far.  Super friendly staff, plenty of parking, and not lost in a Godforsaken shopping mall like Desert Ridge.
2	Big screens. Horribly dirty... I don't even want to set my purse on the nasty seat next to me. We watched people exit the theater with cleaning supplies, but walked in to litter covered floors and trash in cup holders. Yuck
3	My husband and I have been here several times and we've even brought my sister-in-law a few times. The location isn't the easiest to get in or out of. We always have to drive through the entire parking lot (past Target and Ross and plenty of pedestrians) and then finally have to park by Claim Jumper. It isn't too terrible if we are going to eat at Claim Jumper after the show, but that isn't always the case. I wish it was easier to just drive to the theater and park, instead of having to navigate a large parking lot for several other businesses. The actual theater is standard compared to other AMC theaters. However, it seems older and maybe a little dirtier as well. (They always have sticky floors!) This AMC has an IMAX, which was a nice experience, and the other screens seem pretty big as well. Overall, I'd rather go to Desert Ridge, since it seems newer and cleaner.
3	Comfy seats, great screens, and average prices. While the seating was ideal, the food was subpar, especially when Harkins (bleh) is setting the standard in Arizona. Up your game and you'll have a better chance.
4	We don't usually have any problems here. The staff is friendly and the matinees are reasonably priced. Last week we tried to enter with a Starbucks (they don't allow outside drinks) and I wasn't about to toss a $4 coffee, but the nice kid working the front allowed me to put it in an amc cup to bring it in.
5	My go to AMC for matinee movies. $5 movies and close to home, gotta love it. Seats are comfy and theaters are clean.   Perks if you are a stubs card member, small discounts on food and drinks.
4	I like it. The husband thinks the chairs aren't comfy and there isn't enough leg room compared to Harkins. I don't mind it.
4	Went to see "Epic" over the weekend.  Others than finding a parking space it was an great experience and a awesome movie!!!
4	I've come here quite a few times.  Pretty cool place.
3	I think I've watched something in each theatre here. Nice place. I can't believe how nobody complains of the price of snacks. You'd think if everyone who goes to movie theatres complains about $8 popcorn would result in affordable popcorn.
4	This is one of 3 AMC theatres that shows IMAX 3D and it's pretty cool.  The sound at the IMAX movies are always so LOUD!  When I made that comment to one of the guys that work there, he told me that the sound is directly linked to IMAX corporate and by contract, they have to keep the volume at a certain level so I advise you to bring ear plugs which is what I am going to do next time!We saw the latest Superman here and I have to say the IMAX screen combined with the 3D was a pretty cool experience.There are certain movies that are worth the IMAX and 3D combo and Superman was one of those movies.The location is convenient off of the 101, there are lots of healthy "fast food" joints around the theatre for a bite to eat before the movie if you are inclined.Staff is friendly, comfortable seats.
4	This movie theater is your typical movie theater but for 1 night a month one room is turned into an outstanding great time when they show the Rocky Horror Picture Show accompanied by a live cast.  I know this event has been going on for ages around the nation but it is still fun to attend even after all these years. The cast was great at interacting with the audience both during the performance and for the pre-show madness.  More can not be said as it would ruin the mystique if you've never attended. I recommend going at least once in your lifetime, and if you do be sure to dress the part. It makes it all that much more enjoyable.  Thank you Jennifer O. for organizing a fun UYE. I had a great time.
5	Today my boyfriend and Myself went to a movie, bought a drink and popcorn and sat down to enjoy 2guns. Right as the movie started we had a family emergency and needed to leave immediately. I expected them to refund the tickets since the movie hadn't even started and I was kind of bummed thinking I just wasted 13 bucks on food and to my surprise the clerk that helped me offered to refund the entire purchase. I was extremely pleased and really appreciated the fact that they didn't ask questions and took care of me no questions asked!!! best customer service I have ever received and will definitely return!!
4	I really don't have any issues with this theater, but I have a hard time giving any movie a 5 star rating.  I guess I would if they offered to sit and watch the movie with me, especially the scary ones.  I get scared easy. Or the sad movies.  I cry easily and it would be nice if someone was there to pat my hand and say, "It's ok Terry, I know you are upset, but I promise they'll never make another Transformers movie again that has no plot.  And yes, I do agree with you that Michael Bay deserves to get butt cancer big time and die a painful death for forcing us to watch such insipid and excruciatingly bad movies and that that actor kid, Shia LaBoof really isn't that good and that he must know some seriously bad stuff on Bay or Spielberg for them to keep putting him in their movies and if he is put in the next Raiders movie that there is in fact no God.  So yes, you just go on and cry."  I'd like that.On the whole though, it's ok.  Could use a few more theaters though.
5	I love stadium style seating and AMC 30 has it. The theater is never crowded but then again I almost always attend the $5 matinee. Popcorn is average and its really the only thing that I don't like about AMC. AMC Stubs is a great rewards program. Check it out!
2	The only reason I ever come this theater is for movies I want to see in 3D IMAX. Pros:   IMAX   Clean.   Close to home.   Cons:   Popcorn sucks.   Way overpriced concessions.     Seats are comfortable, but narrower than an airplane seat.I will drive a little further for a Harkins over AMC any day.
4	Went here with my child on a day off. Besides the fact that it was raining and 55 degrees (which I love) it only added to the fact that it was a great day. The theater was clean and the staff was friendly as usual. Thor was a great movie and I was happy with my experience. Temp was right as well as sound during the movie. We had great seats and it wasn't that busy. I'm glad I waited out the rush and went mid week. I will return to this location most likely for the next release of the hobbit. Can't wait.
2	I just can't get behind this theater. Check my previous 1-star review on the Imax (LieMax) they have here. But I came back to see a regular movie. Unfortunately, even though the Sony 4k digital projectors are crisp and bright - the sound isolation from adjoining screens is non-existent. You hear every gunshot/explosion/helicopter from the movie next door. The acoustics in this place would never pass a THX audit. (Some of you old-schoolers know what that means).So, 1 star for the Imax - and the same star for the lack of insulation. The theatre is clean, but the chairs don't rock - so no stars there. I'll throw in  an extra star for the Sony 4k.
3	Acoustics are all right, but seats are not that comfortable.Good location, good selection of movies, but if you watch a late night movie it is very deserted.
2	Well it's a movie theater. It does serve it's purpose. The reason for the lower rating is one, you can almost always hear what is going on in the movie next door. If I am not watching an action packed movie I fully expect NOT to hear it. I am not a fan of the IMAX. I also get confused when i walk up and they are not selling tickets from the windows outside. The seats aren't as comfortable as other places and the only reason I frequent this theater is because it is less than 5 minutes from my home.
4	I've been a regular visitor of this particular location for over 12 years and the service and experience have been consistently good.  The only bad experience that I remember was from a couple of years ago, the projector went out during the previews and it took a long time for it to get fixed.  I guess 1 broken projector over the course of 12 years isn't too bad.  This is definitely my go-to theatre.  I hope it stays around forever!!
1	I don't understand why anyone would choose to go to this overpriced ripoff over locally owned Harkins. No discounts for students. Higher ticket prices in general. Literally the most expensive concession prices I've ever seen, more expensive than a sporting event or concert! Seats do not recline. Arms on seats are worn. Staff is made up of snotty teens with horrible attitudes! Never again!
4	Great service. Movie theatres aren't always too clean though.
4	I usually prefer Harkins but AMC does have the lead during week days. $5 movies really can't be beat if you're bored one weekday! I like the stubs program especially now that it's discounted to join...the points add up fast! Hopefully one day they'll have the other half of the theater open again.
2	Seats don't recline.  Movie we wanted to see they were not able to play.  Recommended another movie which I hadn't heard of and was not appropriate for my children-if I had known I wouldn't of gone to it.  Overpriced ticket prices and concessions.  We'll stick with Harkins.  The place was dead too.  30 theaters and I bet we didn't see a 100 people, and there were only 4 in our movie.  On a Saturday night.
3	Good theatre. I wish they would upgrade to the recliners like the rest of the amc's are doing! Great location. Plenty of people to get you tickets and into the movie fast.
4	Everytime my children and I go to see a movie, old or new, we have a great time. They accept cards too so it makes it easier for me. Food prices are the same as other theatres for the most part, but still worth it to see the smile on the kiddos faces. We have seen a lot of the newer movies here and for way cheaper than regular theaters so the difference in concession prices doesn't make a difference to me. I recommend coming here.
2	They have pretty good customer service, but I would argue most movie theatres here in the valley do. I have to say that no discounts for students is insane! I can't even go on a date here without a gift card because $20 is way too much for a movie. Even the concessions are outrageously expensive!
