3	So, I'm totally sure what the differene between New Mexican and just Mexican food is, but this place is New Mexican.this location is pretty nice, with an huge shded patio area that has a rocking water feature that creates this spray-mist to cool off the area - granted, it's not so great when it's 110 out with 75 percent humidity, but it looks nice nontheless.kind of family joint, on a par with Macayo's.
4	I love it.I love their food, so much, that I'm willing to overlook the poor service and sometimes funny findings in the food.I love their food.  It is very spicy, and I loveeeeeeeeee spicy.So if you and your family/friends don't enjoy the spicy, look elsewhere.The fundido sauce is to die for.  I love their roasted hatch chiles.Love it.
3	Place is alright. Nothing super special about it. Just your simple, good MEXICAN food. There is nothing really NEW MEXICAN about it besides the fact that they want to call it so. Try their own micro brew, its pretty good if u like NON-bitter beer.  Last time we had soup and some salad. Soup was OK if somewhat plain. Salad was fine without being anything special. All in all its not bad. Probably real good for big events as there is room a plenty.  Just to compare it is WAY way better then Abuelo's Mexican Food Embassy, which easily ranks my own list of WORST Mexican Food places.
4	This was one of the few places we found open on Christmas day and we went for dinner. Even though the place was packed and there was a line out the door, we were seated in less than 10 minutes and the service was excellent.Having lived in New Mexico for about 5 years, I've learned a lot about green chile. I've also learned that more often than not, when you visit a restaurant serving green chile outside of New Mexico, their idea of "hot" is what we would call less than mild in NM. So, I was pleasantly surprised at Arriba's when I ordered a two chile dish (1 chile being mild, 2 medium and 3 hot) and got what I'd hoped for. Personally, I can't handle anything beyond medium when it comes to green chile unless I'm so sick that my taste buds are numb (which is when hot green chile is ideal). However, i was there with two people who like their chile VERY hot. One of them ordered a 3 chile dish and the waitress looked at him suspiciously (he's a pastey white guy, not one you'd peg to be able to handle spicy food) and asked if he'd ever had green chile before. He informed the waitress he was from NM at which point the waitress smiled and understood. Less than 10 minutes later my friend's eyes were watering and he had a big grin on his face. It was good stuff.Unfortunately I was extremely disappointed by my margarita. You would think that this giant concoction (they come in those really huge margarita glasses), the entirety of which I finished, would have at least caused me to slur a word or two by the end of the night...but, alas, I didn't even get a buzz.
2	I went here once with a group from the office for lunch, and I liked the food, but the server was arrogant and annoying.  I went here again with my wife for dinner, and everything was awful, and we had the same arrogant server. He belittled us for not ordering alcohol and he was in such a hurry that he asked bad questions that caused us to get one of our orders wrong.The fajitas were overcooked and under-seasoned and my wife's food tasted really bad. It just seemed like the quality of the ingredients used in the food was poor.If you really want good Mexican food that is the polar opposite of Arriba, then go down the street and visit Abuelo's.
5	First and foremost....great food and BETTER margaritas so much so we had them cater our wedding reception. Paco (manager at the 16th & Camelback location) and his team did a fantastic job and all of our guests raved about the food. We will be using them again for our next event.Sherry and Corey
5	I honestly CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS PLACE! I could drink their(GIANT) peach margaritas and eat their(warm and wonderful) tortilla chips every single day for the rest of my life :) Their food strays from the typical 'Mexican' fare you usually find out here, and they add their own signature touch--those smoky, spicy, sultry hatch chiles...wow.Try the margaritas, but be prepared to drink about 12oz--they're enormous :p
3	this place is ok.Big Margaritas.  Big New Mexico style burritos and food plates.  Not a bad place.  Nice bar.  It is always got people in the place and they brew their own beer..Not the greatest, but its worth going to.
3	My daughter wanted to be sure to bring me here during my visit because it is one of her favorite places to eat now.  I can see why.  The atmosphere is very nice, the prices are reasonable and the food is very good.  Today was "Chimichanga Thursday" so I got a Chicken Chimichanga for only $1.99!  I asked the waiter how much it would be to add in rice and beans (if I'd seen how big it was I would have seen I didn't need anything else) and he told me $3.  I said, for both? And he said yes.  I'm sorry, but I believe the waiter should know how much the food costs and when I got the bill it said I was charged $1.99 each for the side dishes.  I didn't complain but I did knock a dollar off my usual 20% tip.  If he had told me it was the right price I wouldn't have done that.  He was nice enough, but I got charged $2.39 for one cup of coffee and he never did come around to see if I wanted a refill--nor did he refill our water either.  I mean, this is ARIZONA,  you should refill people's water in a restaurant.  No brainer.  You would think.  I would still come back here, just be more aware and assertive.  (4/16/09)
4	Good margarita's and good food.
3	Okay, I just have two Specials that I would like to mention. Okay. Are you Ready? TACO TUESDAY & CHIMI THURSDAY I heard of Arribas but I've never been until I started working on this side of town. I'm very much loyal to Poncho's. What can I say? So Taco Tuesday is $0.99 a Taco, pretty popular. And $1.99 Chimi on Thursday, sort of popular. However, Tuesdays and Thursdays are usually packed for lunch but if you know what your ordering it's much faster. Service may not be at it's best on these days but you will get your food. (If you get the right waiter and server.)  The chips and salsa (Hot,Mild) and hot bean dip are very addicting, so watch the intake or you'll be taking a doggy bag home. WARNING: MILD salsa may have a little heat to it. Eat with Caution.
2	This place has decent food, but the service has really gone downhill lately. I visited recently and was looking forward to trying one of the microbrews they advertise prominently on the building, in menus, and so on. Nope, the microbrews are unavailable because of some equipment problem. In fact, all draft beer is unavailable. Seriously? How long does it take to tap a keg?The food we ordered was okay but the rice and beans were not hot at all. Then, we ordered fried ice cream. It tasted like rancid fry oil, a taste that does not leave the mouth for hours, trust me.The waitress took the dessert off our bill but was wholly uninterested in our concerns about the microbrew or the ice cream. I doubt the message that the fry oil needed to make its way into someone's biodiesel made it back to the kitchen. Overall, disappointing and I'll think twice before going back.
2	just wanted to chime in & say that this place is so vegetarian-UN-friendly it's not even funny. I was dragged here with family & ended up ordering a chile relleno, which was just about the only meatless item on the menu, short of a fucking cheese crisp.it wasn't terrible, but this place is really just all kinds of lame. service was mediocre, food was mediocre. with as many awesome & authentic mexican restaurants as there are in the valley, there's no reason on earth to come back, except MAYBE to try a mango margarita.
3	They have good food, it's more ethnic than American, and I like that.  The last time I went the waiter gave me my food and disappeared and when I cut into it,  and realized it was the wrong order, he reappeared and before I said anything picked it up and said "that doesn't look like the right enchilada, Sorry about that, I'll go have them make another one correctly." I didn't even open my mouth! So I was touched that he was aware and noticed, at the same time I think it's creepy that he just knew it was wrong. Anyways I'm not too fond of this place to be honest, I can't really give you a reason why.
2	Sorry..not much here I can give a plus to.. I do like the margaritas..so I can give a star or two.. I do love the chips...the little dips that you get prior to ordering...My one thing is that.. is that the dip crock is so small..that you have to continuously try and catch the waiter...I a bit of a chip muncher..salsa, and dip lover... So I have had the cheese crisp with a few extras on the side.. My parents were here and wanting some 'good ' mexican food... My mom, hated it... oops! Guess Ill pay attention to yelp before I do that again... I like that the food is New Mexican 'style' with green chile type dishes...but I have yet to be impressed with the enchiladas...or the tacos...or the food, in general. Service is blah..and inconsistent... starting from the moment you walk in to the 'dressed up' hostesses with attitude..but margs are good, strong..and the chips and salsas are good.. not great..good
4	A Mexican friend  of ours recommended Arriba's. We usually order take out, the 2 times I ate at the restaurant, service was poor and food was not as good. Luckily, every time we order for take out the food has been very good. The chips and salsa are always fresh. My husband likes the chicken chimi platter and we had try the carne adobada pizza, plate and sampler platter. I like the way they seasoned the food, not too salty and you can taste the spices. Leftovers taste better (though maybe mushy) the next day.So, service and food at the restaurant will be a 2, but since I always have a great take out experience, I'll give them 4 stars
5	I really love the queso fundido sauce they carry.. that being said you must try out the Rio Grande Enchiladas..... I usually get the adobada inside but you can try both, get one of each adobada and one green chili.... super super tasty!!!! The complimentary chips and dip is also bomb!! The bean dip has a tiny bit of zip to it. I have tried a few other items but I always go back to this one... really the only reason I go is because I crave this dish so much. Anything that you can get the queso fundido on will probably be awesome!
2	For all of the hype that this place gets, I was extremely disappointed in the food, the service, and the price. The food was probably the least disappointing of the three, as it felt a bit more authentic than your typical Mexican food chain. I will admit that I didn't try any of their well-known hatch chilies. For the price, this food didn't make par.The service was awful. We were visited at most twice by our waiter, once for our order and once for the check.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere8 Value
4	I like this place...I keep coming back to it.  There are many Mexican chains out there in the world, but this place does Mexican food right.  The dishes are a New Mexico kinda twist on things.  The hatch green chiles are very hot if you are not used to it.  Pay attention to the chile ratings on the menu.  The chips come with 3 different kinds of salsa.  For that I will probably say this is the best chip/salsa setup in the valley.  The service sometimes is lousy.
4	A small local chain with cheesy commercials that makes fairly decent New Mexican style food. You may not know what new Mexican style food is, simply its Mexican food with Green (hatch) chillies on it or in it. If you have never been to NM and just think a green chillies are like any old jalapeno or plabano you are mistaken. They have a delightfully unique pepper taste and at Arriba are quite spicy too. If you can not tell by now I go for the green chillies. I often order a very simple dish smothered in green chillies, I enjoy their cheese crisp which is just cheese melted on a flat tortilla and covered in hatch chillies. For lunch I sometimes get the fish taco which does not come with green chilies but they can be added to just about anything. I do like the fact that when they say something is spicy, it truly is. In addition to any meal comes chips, salsa and bean dip. You receive two types of salsa a large cup of standard and a small cup of spicy hatch chili salsa. This small cup of hot salsa is great and be sure to ask for more. The bean dip is also quite good. Often we fill up before our meal comes. I usually don't drink alcohol with my meals, however the fact they have a in house micro brew some time persuades me. It is ok as beers go. They also have .99 margaritas during happy hour and at that price how could one say no. One of the great deals during Happy hour is the .99 margrita which was surprisingly good and in funny glass. Also in late Aug early Sept they have a Hatch chili roast and sell it by the pound. Great stuff.
2	Sat at the bar. The bartender sucked, lame attitude, no silverware, never asked about food or needing another beer and basically not very friendly.The chips & salsa were pretty good, not great. The chicken fajitas were ok but typical, nothing to brag about. They need to make the beer colder and the staff warmer.
1	Every time someone brings up this place I literally cringe. Now before I continue, when I dislike a place with the amount of hatred that I have for an awful place like arribas, there is a good reason. I will never base my opinion off of one meal, I will give a place multiple chances before I write it off completely.  The food is absolutely disgusting, either too salty or not flavorful at all, I can not stand a single thing at this place. Just thinking about it makes me wonder how this place stays in business.Nachos..nastyEnchiladas..nastyRice...nastyFlautas...NASTY!I could go on forever!  How a restaurant can screw up a big bowl margarita is beyond me..but somehow..this place can do it! Don't go here, recommend this place only to your worst enemy. EW!
2	I hate it when people are like, "I'm from Chicago so I know what a Chicago hot dog IS!!!"But dammit, I grew up in a AZ/NM border town and this place falls way short.  It doesn't really even seem like the food is made in a New Mexican style of preparation.  It's more like New Mexican as seen through a Sonoran filter.  I mean no disrespect to Sonoran style Mexican food, it's tasty as well.But the green chile sauce I've had smothered over, and within, various dishes at my fave NM spots has a lot more green chile in it and is NOT merely a greenish gravy with green onions and pork (or beef).  The essence of the sauce should be green chile and not over compensated, or embellished with too many spices otherwise.  Thus, the meal I had at Arriba was lackluster.  I had huevos rancheros.  The potatoes were warm and stale as if they'd been sitting for a spell.  The refried beans could have been canned and I wouldn't have known the difference.  Even the  cheese was bland.I've been here twice expecting to be knocked off my seat with a NM/green chile flavor explosion.  No dice, chino.Aside from the cheesy name, if you'd like a step above this substandard NM fare, try Si Senor in Chandler.  They're pretty solid.  And if you want fire, there is always Los Dos Molinos.Arriba, you need work.
4	An update is long overdue, since I originally rated Arriba two stars. I've been back a few times since, and they have really made a lot of strides toward improving the food and the service.The servers are more "on" these days, the food is better, and the overall experience is more satisfying. Tonight I had the Hatch Chicken Especial, which is extraordinarily spicy (it's the spiciest dish they make) and really damned tasty. Pair it with an amber or bock microbrew to temper the spiciness somewhat.
4	We are new to the area and was looking for a place to watch the laker game and a local suggested arriba. The place itself is okay looking and the people who work there are really nice. They have flat screens on the walls in the bar area and a few smaller tv's so it was a cool place to watch the game. The food was really good, we got some cheese dip and guacamole dip also a plate of carne asada tacos which was yummy. My hubby even took a carne asada burrito to go. I'm giving it 4 stars because the strawberry virgin margarita i ordered didn't really take taste that good but overall it was a cool experience.
2	Yuck, yuck, yuck! I can not stand Arribas!  My boyfriend likes to ask me if I want to go there because he knows I can not stand it!  I am a Cien Agaves and Macayos fan all the way! Giving 2 stars, is being nice!
3	I am very mixed on this place. In some instances, I have had some great food and others, not so much. Here are some of the good instances: -Queso Fundido dip is pretty tasty and taken above the typical velveeta dip that alot of restaurants offer-Arriba Taco Salad with shredded beef is actually  good and has a lot of veggies in it. I love the jalapeno ranch that comes with it. Its a pretty massive salad too! One of the less spicy items on their menu as well if you are not into spice-Mexican Pizza with shredded beef - Not bad but definitely not enough guac on it. Either order with extra guac or sour cream, or do as I did and order the queso fundido dip and dip the pizza in it  :OWhite Sands Chimi - Pretty good actually but extremely spicy for my taste. The husband loves this!-Flautas plate - Not too bad and definitely not spicy. They tend to give you lots of guac with this  :)-Chips, salsa, and bean dip - The chips, salsa and bean dip are decent. The only thing I would suggest is adding onion to the bean dip but then again, I am a total onion lover! The more onions, the better!-Arriba red sauce - This sauce has a good flavor. I like to get a side of it and pour it on my rice-Fried Ice cream with strawberries - By far my favorite item at Arriba!!! Everything else listed above has been good/ ok but nothing I would say is great. However, this fried ice cream is great! I LOVES IT and it might just be the best fried ice cream evar!Here are the bad instances:-Chili Poblano - Too spicy to where you can't even tell what your tasting. I ordered this the first time I came and was not a happy camper. Don't let the one chili on the menu fool you, it should have 3! Granted, I am a wimp when it comes to spice but I can actually handle spice if there is a good flavor. This was just knock your eyes out of their sockets spicy and my stomach felt like crap afterward-Arriba sampler plate - Everything tasted crappy and old. Tamale was very dry-Shredded Beef tacos - Flavor of the meat is blah and the taco shell always seems to be soggy when I have ordered these. I love tacos but not these ones!Now about the service, almost every time I have been here, the service is not very good especially when it comes getting more water. For a place that claims to be spicy, you would think they would automatically be bringing you water but they don't, you have to ask for it. Then apparently, you have to ask for refills because they never come back to refill it. I always dread that when I go to Arriba. They claim that they don't bring you water because of the current drought situation, however, look outside. There is a giant water debacle that runs morning, noon, and night! WTF? I will say that they have a decent menu with many options and I love that there are pictures so you can see what everything will look like. That is the only reason I came back again after my first experience which was not pleasant. To sum it up, this place is simply ok in my book (except where fried ice cream is concerned, they make a glorious one!). However, you cant make a meal out of a fried ice cream. This is never one of the places that pops into my head to go to unless I want a sugar fix but I come here often since the hub likes it.
1	We ordered several platters to go and upon arriving at the requested time, had to wait an additional 30minutes.  Love the food and love the service, when we dine in, but this time they missed the mark.  I could understand if we just called it in but we placed the order several weeks earlier.  Management was very helpful in resolving the problem but I would call ahead if you order any platters to go.Otherwise, I would have given them a 5stars rating, when dining in.Perhaps we will order our food from The Original Burrito Company next time.
3	3.5 stars.  Nice Mexican place that seems to cater to parties and partiers.  Great big menu full of pictures, tons of cheese on most items, bean dip with the salsas, and micro-brews on site.  Chips and guac were simply standard.  Salsas were standard too.  Bean dip was an interesting touch.  My server was very good...well above average (Ashley).
4	I love this place!  The hottest Hatch chile I've had in this state.  Much hotter than Los Dos Molinos in my opinion...
1	I was interested in checking out Arriba as I heard of the hot hatch chilies. Even after reading the mixed reviews we took s shot and headed over for dinner. Chips & cocktails:  beer from tap was flat. Yup, flat. Don't see that everyday when going to a restaurant. Beer replaced with bottled variety.   Grande margarita ( house mix) was giant for $6 but I would have preferred my buddies flat beer. Nice size but nit very good and certainly not worth 1000 calories!!!    I drink a lot of slim-priced booze & was still not impressed. chips average, salsa bland, refried beans were the only added pleasure.  Dinner:  my friend was not psyched with the cheese skin that arrived with his enchiladas. Creamy? yes, Shiny with weird skin?  Yes, Good?  No. Combo plate with green corn tamale was dry. Chicken enchilada was pretty good and seemed to have s lot of pepper seasoning. Thank god I asked for green sauce which saved the tamale. Rice and charro beans typical & moist.  In a nutshell, when should have taken heed from the yelp 2 star reviews.  Food was less than average. Much better quality, pricing and taste at Chipoltle.
4	Pretty good grub. The atmosphere is quite festive, the prices are fairly low, I've never had to wait for a table, and the service has always been friendly and attentive. Yes, I am mexican so I know authentic mexican food, and I've even taken my parents here, and my own father who is the king of Chile had a hard time handling the heat from their Hatch chiles. Man those things have some kick to them! if you like spicy, give them a try!
4	Been dining here about a year and still trying diff things from the menu and all have been good. I don't think the heat is unedible even the hottest plates are just "good" hot.
3	The food and drink special were GREAT, but the service was not! I believe the service makes half the experience when going out to eat and the hostess was rude and our server was not too friendly, but it may have been because she was serving like 5 or 6 tables and was way too rushed.
3	A bit pricey for Mexican food.But if you do it right - Tuesday at 3PM you can get $1.00 tacos and $0.99 margaritas. Atmosphere is good.  Friendly service.Queso dip is great.  Chile rellenos are HOT, beware.  New Mexican enchiladas are good with the red or green chile.  I recommend a fried egg on top.
3	During our family vacation, we ate here twice - once for brunch and then for dinner.  Brunch was really good - food had a great taste and very spicy, so we couldn't wait to go back for dinner.  Unfortunately, while dinner was good, the margaritas were awful.  My local joint in Georgia is way better.  We were so surprised with all of the Tequila ads everywhere, one would think that margaritas in Phoenix would be awesome - but not here!By the way, this place also brews their own beer - it is the WORST possible - by no means should you attempt to try it, SOUR - YUCK!
3	First place I came on my first day in AZ and they served me the most disgusting Margarita- it tasted like cleaning products I told the sever the same and he looked at me like I was crazy and told me there was no way that was possible...So I chugged it and got a Corona!! The food was ok nothing special. The best part was sitting on the patio and drinking!
3	When stuck at the pricey resort up the hill this place is wonderful.  When out and about with the ability to drive around...meh.  It was reasonably priced with good drinks.  Being from Texas, I found out that the California/Baja influence on the Mexican food was definitely there.  Sour cream EVERYWHERE!  Their salsa was good, queso - HORRIBLE!  It was very crowded while we were there and it was a Thursday at lunch time!  This place also had too many tables crowded in one area.  You had the option to sit outside, but it was soooo freakin' hot I was not interested.  I could see how that might be nice at night though.  Crap shoot...
4	Some like it hot. If you're one of those people, you'll like this place. The food is tasty and some of this dishes have a nice kick to it. I probably come here about 5 times a year when I'm going out to eat with my family. Good place to feed and seat 6-8 people groups. The service is usually descent and the prices aren't too bad.
1	Check list: Dirty floors, sticky cheap sliver ware, sticky menus, bad server, tasteless "Mexican" food. Just to name a few!Guess you can make a living selling food to AllWhiteTukee that makes Taco Bell look like a five star restaurant! Pluses: Atmosphere, chips, & ice. Only good things in this place.
4	Went with my family.  At first we were not impressed and slightly nervous about eating here. While walking to the bathrooms upon first getting here I slipped on a wet spot on the floor.  I quickly notified a waitress and they cleaned it up.  Then entering the bathroom discovered floors covered in over spilling trash.  Again I notified management and they thank us and quickly took care of the problem.  We asked for a table but were walked to a booth.  We ordered raspberry tea and asked what other drinks they had.  Our server stated to us they were out of the raspberry tea and offered strawberry. Declining that flavor I went with just water.  I order the White Sand Chimi, My son ordered the Steak Tampico.  Attempted to get Menudo, but strangely enough for a mexican rest. they do not have any.The salsa and bean dip was great.  the salsa had a bite to it but the flavor was good.  getting our order served took a good 20-30 minutes.  The waitress was great and took good care of our needs as we waited.Once we got our meal, the food itself was delicious!  I thought I would burst from the large amount I consumed, but I couldn't help myself.  My tongue burning from the spiciness but my mouth kept saying "more, more".  Upon walking out I noticed yet another large wet spot on the floor.  Usually I wouldn't mention it but as I discovered when that floor was wet it was very slick.I give them 4 stars because the product the have is wonderful they just need to work on some of the esthetics.  Maybe it truly does represent a little hole in the wall rest. in Mexico.  If you like a kick to your food and really great tastes i truly suggest trying Arriba's.
4	For a chain restaurant,this place has some pretty good Mexican food!   I typically shy away from chain restaurants when it comes to Mexican food, because we all know you find some of the best Mexican food in a dive!  However, I've been to Arriba's several times and I've never been disappointed.  I love their chimichangas with green sauce and pork!  The chips and salsa are pretty good and the margaritas are excellent!
4	I had a groupon to this place, so we went last Saturday.  I have to say I wasn't expecting much, but I love Mexican food, grew up on it, as I was born and raised in Az, and it's my favorite, so I'm always willing to eat a taco or a burrito, even a bad one.  So we start out with chips and salsa.  I have to say, I was very surprised by how spicy it was!  My daughter got the mild salsa, but mine and the bean dip put a fire in my belly that was unexpected and pleasing to my palate!    I got a red chili burrito with green sauce and rice and beans.  My daughter got a chicken burrito with red sauce and rice and beans.  Megan's food was probably a 3, chicken was ok.  But mine was divine!  The meat was in large meaty chunks, very lean and tender.  The sauce was very spicy, and the green sauce on top also was very spicy and had a great taste.   Beans tasted good and were also very spicy.  The only thing that was just ok was the rice.  I ate it, but it was just ok.  And the service was also great.  Lots of diet coke refills because of the spicy food.  I would go back to this place in a heartbeat again and again.
1	"Arribas: At least you won't die."Bland food/ Large quantities/ Cheap prices. Go here if you plan on throwing up sometime soon, or if you are a glutton for punishment.
4	After some of the bad reviews on Yelp I almost didn't bother going here but I am glad I did.I found everything from the drinks to the food to be great.  The only warning I would give is that when they say something is spicey.. . they mean spicey.  I am used to places over selling how hot a dish is but this place undersells.  In fact, if I had known I would have ordered something with a little less kick.
2	Service and ambiance were typical for a friendly, mainstream Mexican / American restaurant.  No complaints there.  Our server was quick with refills and made sure we were taken care of.  The restaurant itself was festively decorated and clean.The food, however, was below par when compared to similar competition, being On the Border, Serrano's or Macayo's.  And we felt that pretty much across the menu they were also $1-$2 more per item.  But the big kicker....There just wasn't any flavor!  The food came quickly, as it usually seems to do in this style of dining establishment.  My wife and I ordered the "Holiday Special" burrito, made with beef and two kinds of chili sauce.  I made it through two bites and was so unimpressed I just stopped eating.  I also added an a la carte beef taco to my burrito...at a cost of $4.99.  There was no flavor coming from that shredded beef that would've given me a hint I was eating southwestern food.I don't expect much from a $5 kids meal, so I'll give that those were okay, Kraft mac and cheese for one and a burger and fries for the other.I'm not going to write Arriba's off our future nights out.  Maybe we just got a bad batch of coming out from the kitchen that night.  Maybe we ordered the wrong thing and should have asked for a recommendation.  In any case we'll give them another shot.
2	The food is all pretty greasy and a little overpriced. The Mexican pizza was pretty good if you're up for a heavy, grease-laden meal.
4	I just moved to Phoenix and was looking for a good drink special for lunch. If you go to Arriba at 3pm you get the overlapping lunch menu and happy hour special. 99 cent margaritas! I spent $23 and got two big lunches and four delicious margaritas. They have a nice patio with cool murals and a big waterfall. The inside is also nice with a big bar area. I had the green chile burrito and my husband had the Rio Grande enchilada. Both were good and had some spice! It's nice to see a southwestern restaurant that isn't afraid to use a little heat. I'll definitely go back. I just hope I can find someone to drive me because those margaritas are too good to pass up.
5	Nice place!   The outside fountain seating area is awesome
4	This is about a 3.5 star mexican place to me. I've always had good service but watched other folks get like 1-star service, at a level I might not come back.I like the White Chimichanga here. The Chili Verde is decent, and the Hatch Chilis are nice too, if you haven't had those.4 Stars - White Chimi3 Stars - Chili Verde3 Stars - Cheese crips with Hatch chilisI'm sure there are better places around but I've been coming here for several years when in the area, and I definitely enjoy this place.Sometimes they have hot chicks working up front. If you keep up this practice Arriba, I'll five-star you sometime soon!
2	Yuck! This wasn't our first choice for dinner and should've waited the hour to get a table at Los Dos Molinos. Anyways, we ended up here and thought we would give it a shot. We started off with the tortilla soup which was pretty good. The chips and salsa were pretty good too. I ordered carnitas. My meal was so bland. How do you mess up carnitas? I had a huge plate of food but it was mostly consisted of lettuce, sour cream, guacamole, ect. There was hardly anything else, not that I would've eaten it anyways. So I we decided to order deep fried ice cream and disappointment hit again. It was ice vanilla ice cream with corn flakes sprinkled on the top. Unbelievable! Well now we know and we will never go back there again!
1	Worst enchiladas EVER and decor from a 1980's attempt at a mexican restaurant.  Taco Bell is a step up!  But if you like soupy enchiladas drowning in cheez wiz this is the place for you.
3	Used to love them....sooo glad I don't anymore....Don't get me wrong, I still really like Arribas but for my waistline's sake I'm happy that I can refuse a meal here every now and then. It helps not to live in the state anymore, too!We stopped by for nostalgia's sake and the meal was just as tasty and the service just as good. I haven't had anything that I didn't like but my go to is usually the tacos or chicken enchiladas.  The service at this location is always fast, even during their busy lunch rushes.
4	come here every few thursdays a month for the chimichanga. its awesome. dont understand what the complaints are. good prices . good service. never had a problem and have been here about 20 times!
3	On Friday, I went to Arriba with my wife, mom and young daughter for a mexican dinner.We were promptly sat, greeted and ordered our drinks. We ordered guacamole as an appetizer. I was pleasantly surprised with the amount of guacamole that we received.  Always a good start to a mexican meal.Our food came out within 15 minutes of order. I had the triple enchilada plate. I enjoyed my enchiladas (beef, cheese and chicken). The plate was big and flavorful.  I could have gone for another enchilada! The most disappointing part of the meal was the rice and beans. The rice/beans didn't have the best taste and easily the most disappointing part of the meal.  Not sure if that is the normal taste or just had an old/bad batch.Service was very good.  Arriba is very kid friendly and a festive atmosphere.Not the best mexican food, but slightly above average, close to home, affordable and nice atmosphere. We'll be back for these reasons.3.5
4	Came here lastnight after getting no service at Macayo's down the street, yea thats right. Took about 4 minutes for someone to finally walk up and greet us at the host stand to be seated(they werent busy), then sat at our table for another 5-6 minutes with no server to greet us. Oh but atleast 4 or 5 different staff members walked by, but just ignored us. Finally just got up and left.So i admit Arriba's was our second choice, but that's only because my wife likes Macayo's more, but if it were up to me we wouldve saved a half an hour of our lives and just came to Arriba's first. LOLWalk in, got a friendly greeting right away, got seated immediately. Chips came asap, greeted by our server right away, she was very nice. It was the bartender waiting on us, so the drinks came out super fast, and really hit the spot after dealing withe the garbage service over at Macayo's. Had refills of chips and salsa brought to us without having to ask.Pazole, greatsteak tampico, greatfajitas, greatSo lesson learned, if you're in the ahwatukee area and in the mood for mexican. Don't even bother with Macayo's and their ridiculous service. Go to Arriba's, much better! plus c'mon its all about the Hatch chiles they have there! SPICY!
1	Great place if you like mushy, soggy, undercooked mexican food.  The tortillas are terrible.  You can find better at frys.  The enchiladas suck. The cheese inside wasnt even melted. The chili relleno plate, my favorite mexican dish, was soupy!  How the hell can chili relleno be SOUPY???  Literally when i was done there was an inch of juice on my plate.  Oh and drink your soda slowly because it will take 30 minutes to get refilled.
1	Went in on a Sunday mid-morning.  Seated promptly, then completely ignored from that point on.  Got up and left after 15 minutes.  The hostess gave us a blank stare as we walked out, and told her no one would wait on us.  The staff did not seem to care at all.  This is not the type of attitude and service you want from a place that prepares your food - Danger, stay away!!!
4	Went there yesterday for lunch.  Service was great and the food was very good.  I had the green chili burro and it was one of the best I have had in PHX.  My wife had the chicken flower enchalada and she said it was very good.  Portions are large and the the free chips and salsa are a welcome addition.  The drinks could have used a bit more liquor.  Over all it is a great place and we will be back.
1	The service was good. The food was gross and overpriced and made me sad to have to part with my money after eating the"food barf." it was $50 including 2 beers for two people.
3	Its an ok Mexican restaurant with weak .99 margaritas for happy hour. I had carnitas and was not that impressed. Not that tasty and not much pork. All in all, it was ok...meh.
2	Food was alright. Service was the WORST ever. Waitress stopped at the table just long enough to ask if everything was alright, not even long enough for our response. When taking our order she didn't listen half the time and got half of our order wrong. Multiple staff walking by looking at our table with a stack of dishes and empty glasses...nobody seemed to care to ask if we needed anything. Staff all looked miserable. They won't get our business anymore
4	Very consistent, good food, service, and atmosphere. The only thing not consistent are the hatch chilies, which is understandable because they come in and out of season, but when they're hot, they're HOT! Favorites are the hatch chili especial and roswell tacos.
3	Was cruising for a spot to grab a late night drink in the outer areas of Phoenix. Most places close up by 10 or so - I managed to walk into Arriba for a last call and ordered a frozen margarita.As late as I was, there was no rushing to get me out and the staff was great about bringing chips and salsa too. The margarita was OK - had better, had worse. Hope to stop in again there to check out the food.
4	My best friend and I love to go here for the happy hour $1 margaritas and talk about the week and enjoy an appetizer. All the food I've ordered has been so good! I've also gotten some party platters for family events and they did a great job. My only complaint is that sometimes the waiters forget about you and when ordering catering or food to go it takes longer than when you scheduled to pick it up so I'd recommend  asking for an earlier time like 30 minutes so you will get your food when you actually want / need it or just show up 30 minutes early to let them know you're waiting... you may have to remind them a couple times.
2	I went there for happy hour.  The chips and salsa were good.  I was a little disappointed in the service.  We had to ask for everything.  I sat there with an empty glass for quite some time.  The bartender could have been having an off night so I will give them a try again.
5	I met a friend here for drinks one night and I dont know if it was just the bartender working at the time but we ordered two drinks and they were the strongest drinks we had ever had she put 15 shots in the drink and topped it off with Tea. $12 got us tipsy and the check. I would go back if I knew that bartender was working sure knew how to get a tip :)
3	This place used to be great, now it is just ok.The bean dip and spicy salsa is still here, as are the Margaritas and beer but something is just missing.The spicy salsa is just not as bold or full of flavor.The dishes seem tired and over done.My chili rellno was good but a bit stringy and hard to cut.The spinach enchiladas could have used a bit more spinach in them. Over all still decent but for the prices I would rather go hit up another place.
5	Pretty good place for good New Mexican food! ! Exceptional service, GREAT DRINKS! !
5	Good New Mexican food. Solid appetizers even chips and salsa.
5	Love love love it!  Walking distance from my hotel, nicest staff ever, best happy hour!  The mini chimis with jalapeno cream cheese were excellent.  My waiter John (5 pm on Monday) was awesome!  The bill for it all was hilarious, what with the 99 cent Margaritas!  Thanks for a great time from someone visiting from Seattle with a foot cast on!  Lovely patio and fountains!
5	Services and food were excellent.
5	I've  Lived in the Phoenix area since 1977 and have tried many Mexican food restaurants all over the country. If you want some great Mexican food, you'll need to try Arriba's. Once you sit down, you'll get tasty, hot tortilla chips, flavorful salsa and bean dip. My husband & I normally order a carne asada burro, chicken con queso, chicken burrito and cheese crisp. Everything is made to order, so if don't like green or red sauce, you are good to go. I like their chicken dishes because the chicken has flavor and is not mushy. I hate going to a Mexican restaurant  & find their salsa is a can of tomato sauce & some red pepper flakes - you won't find that here! We go to Garcia's (marginal) amd my kids like Casa Reynoso (I'd rather eat dirt!) and I hate that I waste my money at these so-called "authentic Mexican" restaurants when you can find much better food! Give Arriba's a try! We go to the Arriba's in Chandler at least once per month and have always had great service.
3	Good for what it is - cheap tex mex.  Well priced happy hour deals and the mini chimis keep me coming back.
3	Food was okay today. Service was good. Today's visit just seemed to be a little off.
3	Food is good. Typical Mexican-American chain.
4	Arriba has been through a lot since I last reviewed it. The original owner passed away and that must have caused some chaos in the background. However, the quality and service here continue to shine. We are regulars--I hate to admit how many times I've been here, but I have an app on my phone that ever-so-helpfully keeps track and tells me whenever I visit.Some things have actually improved since my last review--the food seems fresher, so there might have been a change in the strategy for pre-cooking certain items or ordering produce. The quality of presentation is also somewhat better. When things come out, they are piping hot and very well arranged. The table salsa is also better and more fresh tasting.I still can't give Arriba the elusive fifth star because they continue to present themselves as a microbrewery despite the fact that 2 of their 3 microbrews are consistenly "broken" or otherwise unavailable. The one that is working is a skunky brew that tasted like bleach the last time I had it. Whoever they have on the premises doing the microbrews needs to get a new career. So, stay away from those.
5	This beautiful indoor/outdoor restaurant was open to a big covered patio today, with bubbling waterfalls broadcasting a pleasant sound throughout the place.After landing in an excellent booth location I was almost immediately brought water and a big bowl of tasty tortilla chips along with bowls of two different red salsas AND one of warm bean dip.  All three were delicious, we're already above the average Yelp Rating for this place and I haven't even looked at the menu yet!     :-)So I ordered the Daily Lunch Special, which for Wednesday brings out a hard shell taco with your choice of chicken, ground beef or shredded beef, which I went with.  You also get a Cheese Enchilada, covered with either red or green salsa, & I went with green.  Then you also get Spanish Rice plus your choice of three kinds of beans, Chollo, Black  (what I'm supposed to want as a Cuban), or refried with cheese on top (my choice).EVERY SINGLE THING about this lunch outing...  the restaurant, the food, the service and the value left absolutely no opportunity to rate it at less than FIVE STARS.Dining perfection?  YES, for OMG...  $4.99!!     :-))
2	Experienced  A LOT better.  We decided to try it.  Rosa's, or Mango's are 100000 times better.  In regards to flavor.   The building is nice, but it does not make bland food.  If you want amazing Mexican food go to Rosa's or Mango's.  Skip the mainstream Mexican food and go to local "mom and pop" restaurants.
5	Love all the Arriba's ! VERY good green chili, made with pork! White Sands chimi is to die for!
5	I love Arriba's! We were seated out on the patio by the beautiful rock covered waterfalls!! Served promptly! I ordered the Green chile Burrito plate with Spanish rice and retried beans. The food was exactly what I expected! Delicious! My daughter ordered a coconut smoothie and it wasn't to her liking and our amazing waitress, Bailey, proactively offered her the strawberry smoothie...which tickled her little taste buds just right! Lol Bailey was very personable and accommodating as always! Great job! Just forgot our Silverware ;) I guess you can't have everything! Lol
1	I've been going to Arriba for years and never really had a bad experience.  It's my kid's favorite restaurant.  I went in on July 4th and half way through my meal I noticed a cockroach on my plate.  Laying right under my carnitas.  I was pretty close to tears in the restaurant.  I will never return to this location again. I may go to the Camelback location again after I get over the trauma.  But this was one of the worst experiences of my life.
3	*3.5 stars*While Arriba isn't terrible, it certainly isn't the best either. I will say that one thing they do quite well is spice! Anything on the menu that is coded with 2-3 hatch chiles should rock your world. I think Wednesday or Thursday is 2 for 1 fajita day. They're never stingy with the chicken, steak and vegetables. We still like to order extra hatch chile on the side. Arriba's Fajita Quesadilla is also good, and large enough to share. A nice blend of cheeses, marinated chicken, fajitas vegetables, and a generous amount of those hatch chiles. That thing has had me close to tears a few times with a particularly strong batch o' hatch! I mostly like coming here for DRINKS when I find myself on this side of town! Especially those ginormous margaritas. Guaranteed to be a good night!  The Blue Moon one is my favorite (nothing to do with the beer of the same name)!  You won't find it on a drink menu, but if you ask for it, your server should know what it is. Get it on the rocks. The beers micro brewed on site are a bust. Skip them and get something bottled or their other tap options. I ordered the Amber one once; way too much artificial lime flavor. And a waste of $5. Service is pretty spotty; however, never have experienced anything so awful that would send me running away and screaming.
2	Just had dinner at Arriba Mexican Grill at Chandler & 48th in Ahwatukee. This is the place with the cheesy commercials about "hatch chili's makin' it hot!" that remind me of old Chi-Chi's commercials. Huge disappointment.The salsa was decent but the tortilla chips greasy and bland; the spinach enchiladas were okay but small; the black beans, rice, and salad boring. Plus they had the nerve to charge $1.99 for sour cream and $2.49 for guacamole. Finally, Robert Irvine would have flipped over the fact that the appetizer/desert menu on the table was filthy!You know, I've lived in the Great American Southwest for 5-1/2 years and I'm only 162 miles from the Mexican border... I have never had a truly awesome Mexican meal here. Decent but never awesome. Weird. How I miss Mad Mex back in the Burgh...
1	I went once and was very unimpressed.  Since I live in walking distance I decided to go back and just get a quesadilla and a beer.  Who could mess that up right?  I had to laugh when my corona tasted skunky and quesadilla was so bad I only had one slice.  You need to have very very low standards to enjoy this place.
4	My mom and I have frequented this place for a few years now. Their lunch specials M-F are totally worth it. (Mainly Enchilada Monday and Chimichanga Thursday). If you're ordering for dinner, most of their items are a tad pricy in my opinion, but not to the ridiculous end. Their margaritas are HUGE and delicious (especially if you splurge for the Cabo wabo one) and their bean dip is to die for! I definitely recommend this place and if you're going to get something enchilada style, go with the green sauce!
2	Walked through the door and approached the check-in counter to be seated by the most uninterested in their job hostess.  No expression, no welcome, nothing.  Busboy comes around and non-chalantly tossed small plates on table without any greeting as if he had no pride in his job. Our server though seems to be the redemption, but I'm not sure.  So far the chips n dips are yummy, and I can see the waterfall, too bad its hotter than oven outside. Food was good, but missed a lot of the real flavor in homestyle dishes. 2.5 stars.
3	This local chain is certainly in decline, but still offers some very unique New Mexico flavors. Their many restaurants differ widely in cleanliness and service. This location in Awatukee was above average in cleanliness and the service was top notch. Our waiter handled our dietary needs and desire to get in and out very fast.You almost can't lose with the New Mexico-style dishes (many of which are very spicy), but stay away from the "Guacamole Dip" appetizer. In an effort to make the dish seem bigger they pile it on top of a bed of cabbage, and toss it with tons of coarse chopped fresh tomatoes as filler. Much of the guacamole is lost in the process, and what is left is flavorless anyway.Highly recommend the Banderra Enchiladas.
3	Went for lunch this afternoon. I got the Tuesday lunch special. Two ground beef tacos rice and beans. All for $4.99. Great price for as much food as I got.
4	This place has been consistently delicious. For authentic mexican cuisine (not a on the borders fan) this is the best place for food. We have had the White sands chimichanga, regular chimichanga, taco plate, the pollos bowl, taco salad, even tried fish tacos once (was not disappointed), green chilli burrito, and all sorts of cocktails and on tap home brewed beers. The servers are always polite, place is always clean. Food fresh to order and comes out quick. We have been going to Arriba's as our favorite hmm I want to eat out tonight. Best by far that the spot is easy to get in, get a bite and get out without too much headache. Great place for a family get together and trust us the flavors are exceptional. I've never gotten sick from it, never get sick of the flavors they are able to stuff into their plates, all come with sides of either black, refried, pinto beans, spanish house rice and usually some salad and salsa. Request Guacamole freshly home made for an additonal charge ( it is really delicious) the margaritas and fresh chili smells bring out what is best about this location.
1	Seated and forgotten on a Saturday night. Servers looking bored. How about, check you table? Jeez...
1	Everything has gone downhill at this location. Most recently we ordered a kids cheese crisp which was clearly microwaved. The worst part was watching the bus boy sweeping the floor and then the seats of the booths. I don't even want to checkin for my last visit.
2	The food is not very good.  Chips and salsa are good.  I recommend you leave immediately after that.
2	Today was the last time I give this dump my $. Placed a To-go order, had to repeat my order at least 3 times to the moron they placed to answer phone. I only ordered 2 things and when I got home one of them was missing the jalapeno dip that's the center of the dish! Not ok. And the mini chimis I ordered tasted like they were wrapped in uncooked tortilla. Overall, service is awful. Food quality has clearly declined. And forgetting pieces of a meal is inexcusable when your paying for it !Never again.
1	This place was horrible from the moment we sat down. The only thing that was good was the chips and salsa.We were there on a Sunday noonish and it was not too packed our server only had one other table. There were 5 of us and only 1 set of silverware and had to ask about 6 times for extra silverware and napkins! Our drink order took forever to come however our food came out right away! All I can say is the microwave was not working right because most of our food was really hot on the edges and cold in the middle! Also after asking several times only two of us ever got our drinks refilled! The waitress also kept stacking our dirty dishes up at the end of the table and never took any of them away!  One person in our party also ordered desert, mini-apple chimmi's with ice cream, they're were 4 total and two of them were ICE cold and the other two were hot but cold in the middle! It had been awhile since my wife and I had been to this location before and had good memories of good food and service! Doubt we will return to this place again!
5	Very authentic, great service. Drinks were delicious!  Meals were served very quickly.
1	This may be the first review that I've awoken from a deep dream of peace to write.  Ok, first I had to make a pit stop, but then it was time to pen my thoughts and aspir... ooooh hoooold on, brb...Now, where was I.  Here's a fun fact... the human body can hold up to a quarter of its own weight in disposable fluids, whose liberation can be mobilized by Arriba's own spinach enchiladas.  Ole!That's right, the green leafy vegetable made famous by a marble-mouthed sailor, now compels me to blow my own ballast tanks... again and againBut I have to say, this couldn't have come at a better time, with tomorrow being the inaugurate outing of my office's hiking group.  Magic 8 Ball says "Signs point to yes" that I'll collapse 27 minutes into the trek from dehydration, and possibly require professional extrication.You know what doesn't require professional extrication?  The cauldron of dysentery brewing in my lower GI.  Spiiiicy!But to be fair, its not all waterloo, Arriba's.  I really should thank you for lightening my load, even though I've really never felt more bloated and irritated.  *quizzical look*And if I ever nurture the desire to tarry in your cantina, which is somewhat reminiscent of The Blue Oyster on tango night, I'll be sure not to waste the opportunity, and schedule that pesky colonoscopy for the following morning.  Osmoprep's got nutin on you, honey.Montezuma's revenge me once, shame on you.  Montezuma's revenge me twice... we wont get fooled again
5	Best service yet, our waitress Stevie is awesome, fast, knowledgeable, friendly & feisty. First check in but been here many times, food is always great!
2	Not good at all.  I had the taco salad and it was huge but no flavor in the chicken and very bland boring salad. My husband had the chili rellano with shredded beef.  The shredded beef was put on top of the crispy fried goodness which made it super soggy. Not good eats.  The place was dead - it seems they have a lot of happy hour & drink specials and thats what they cater to. As for the food - skip it unless your happy with just chips and salsa.  This was a spur of the moment stop and it was close to home.  They are many other food choices so I'll definitely take advantage of the others in the area.
5	Awesome drinks great food relaxing and a fun place to be and oh yeah did I mention a good happy hour
5	I have been going here for years and cant ever get enough of it. The salsa is some of the best in the business. The queso is what I usually order.
4	The server apparently forgot to bring out our appetizer, but he was a nice guy in general and of course removed it from our bill, so no harm no foul. Mistakes happen.The Hatch Chicken Especial was definitely worth it. The rest of my party seemed to enjoy their meals. The house Amber was also worth trying.
1	Not a great start - 7pm and took 12 minutes for a hostess to appear. Food took over an hour to arrive, and and took almost 45 minutes for them to explain that the kitchen was behind. Drinks were very slow, so, they are still. OT doing to great.I've been here before, and never had it that bad.Patio doors were opened up, and the restaurant was pretty warm and stuffy inside.Food was fresh and warm, but, couple of issues and mistakes on the order itself.
4	Great salsa, bean dip, and menu selection. The spinach enchilada was delicious. Didn't get to try there home brew. I would return
2	I have been to different locations and this location is always the worst. The food Arriba serves is good but if you modify anything they will get it wrong. The service here is incredibly bad (I have worked for at least a dozen restaurants) from the hostess, servers, bartenders to the managers. The service is so slow and I never see anyone hustle. The queso fundio and fajita quesadilla (hot!) are great.
3	went to the gilbertaz san tan cafe today with my 86 year old father  the hostess was so not wecoming and irritated when I first said patio seating then changed my mind for an indide booth thinking my father would be more comfotable   I think the San tan area on market place cafe needs more supervision and training  place not busy took over 1/2 hour for 2 fish lunches  the servers all seemed like if they smiled it would crack their face god forbid don't ask for ANYTHing extra such a s additional napkins or a little more lettice and onions etc  we just waited and waited paid the bill and left so many AWESOME places we could have gone to  very big dissapointment  especially  if you are driving and can't kill the time with a margarita!!!!!   simply does not resonate a happy place  done!!!!!!
4	Great atmosphere with a beautiful water feature right in front.  Even the bathrooms were nice!  The food is about what to expect for a Mexican restaurant.  Price was average but the service was a little less than good. We went as a big group for a birthday and we only had one server... they weren't even that busy that they were short handed.  It was fun though!
5	ATTENTION VEGETARIANS: my boyfriend and I payed $15 for 2 really huge delicious vegan burritos.  However Half way thru my burrito was a HUGE CHUNK OF CARNITAS aka shredded pork I couldn't tell if they were being assholes or they are just too fucking stupid to make a burrito without dead animal Caracas in it. It really pissed me off and I am never going back! On a good note the guacamole and chips and salsas were fantastic. Our waiter was very friendly as well. The bill was cheap for the amount of food we ordered. Vegetarians beware. Meat eaters: you're gonna enjoy arribas!
3	This is my favorite shredded beef taco in my area.  The rest of the food is just satisfactory, nothing special.  But, when I am in the mood for tacos, this is a great choice!
3	Ok food at a decent price. Nothing special.  The ladies bathroom was terrible.  Broken sink,  stall door didn't lock, paper towels sitting on counter which were wet. It's nice it's close to the house otherwise wouldn't drive far to go here.
1	Nothing special... service is always sooooooooooooooooooo slow.  Every time I've been I've ended the meal by thinking to myself I wish I had gone anywhere else.
3	Ok so house beer C-I did get the chicken grilled with beans and they were a solid C+ Service was good and they did take the beer off but everything was just ehhh.  Gave the the three not two ONLY because they are prices "OK"
1	We went today, June 22, 2014 which is a Sunday at 1:00pm. We expected it to be busy at this time on a Sunday but it was pretty bare. The hostesses didn't seem to know what they were doing. One of them sat my family (my husband and our 4 year old son) at a table and then we never heard from anybody again. 15 minutes and not one person came to our table despite a couple (literally only two) servers looking our way and then walking away. We decided it wasn't worth it anymore and left. On our way out, we saw the manager up front with the hostesses and he didn't seem like he was doing much. Funny that he was up front with nobody to seat and not walking around in an almost empty restaurant to make sure that the tables that were there were being taken care of. The hostesses and the manager said, "Thanks for coming in!" without looking up at as. I glanced at all of them with a confused look and finally the girl that sat us looked right at me with an expression that said, "Wait. I sat them just 15 minutes ago...???"  They need to get a better system going. Maybe have the hostess TELL the servers that they have people seated. Or maybe have the manager manage it all. Either way, I don't know what the food tastes like because we never got there.
1	Sat for 15minutes no one came to serve us, they checked on the booth in front of us, but ignored us completely. Going to Cracker Barrel down the road.
1	Horrible! Service was way slow, waitress was I in another world, tells in salsa and drinks took forever. I order the fish tacos, asked for sour cream instead of the spicy sauce they use. First off, there was so much sour cream, the disk was literally swimming in it. The amount of fish was ridiculous for the price of the meal ($11), I wish I had taken a photo of it.  It wasn't seasoned and had no taste. Oh, and the ice tea was nasty.Manager gave us a free appetizer for our next visit but we went be back.
1	I was craving fajitas for lunch and figured I would try Arriba to go.  So to start with the good - the staff was friendly and I did not wait long for my food.  That's about it.The bad - I ordered the Santa Fe Fajita Salad which cost $12.99 (including tax).  The salad was not inedible but it certainly was not a $12 salad.  The Salad portion was what appeared to be bagged iceberg lettuce salad (the kind with carrots and red cabbage).  The meat was ok but rather bland and the guacamole was clearly turning brown.  There were hardly any peppers or onions to speak of and one large piece of onion turned out to be the thick, impossible to chew, piece of onion skin.My food was bagged not boxed - in a bag the was puffed up with air in order to keep the bag from lying directly on the food.  Only after I started to eat my food did I realize how this might have been achieved and I tried not to imagine an employee blowing all over my food to inflate the bag. Unfortunately that thought was too much and I set the rest of my overpriced salad aside.Also don't expect a fork or napkins in your to go order if you do decide to take your chances.  There weren't any.
5	Food is delicious and our server was patient with us. Two moms and two babies not always the best table to have. We were seat right away and we took forever to figure out what we wanted to order. Our server remained friendly and never made us feel rushed. I really wish I remembered his name. I'm sure we will be back for our monthly mommy/baby lunch.
1	Bad Service
5	My favorite restaurant. The White sands chimi is incredible. Their margaritas are also awesome. The staff is very friendly and on Sunday kids eat free. I'm going again today.
2	2 stars is a stretch!!  I got an enchilada and taco plate.  How do you mess up a taco?  Yep couldn't eat it.  Charro beans not done.  Bathroom smelled in front as you come in.  Didn't pay attention but should have.  Should have left.  Beware.
1	Bar review only.Stopped in for their $0.99 margaritas. The expectation wasn't high because it's $0.99, but it was still pretty bad. The husband got a beer, which for HH, came in a small glass and tasted light watered down coors light (it was supposed to be a Mexican beer). Granted, the beer was only $2, but we'd rather pay $1-$2 more for a better beer at other HH spots.The bar itself looked a bit grimy which deterred us from ordering any food. In addition, the food that we had seen at other tables wasn't appealing.Well, I satisfied my $0.99 margarita curiosity!
2	We went to Arribas for Christmas dinner.  There was a 30min wait even though the place was about 40% empty.  People that were waiting started seating themselves at open booths in the bar even they it wasn't open seating.  When one person complained about it they were immediately seated at another open booth.  Being the chump that I am and having a party of 6 we waiting patiently.  I ran over to CVS to get a snack for the wait.We were finally seated new an area that was closed off and near several empty and set tables while others waiting to be seated.  Our server only had 2-3 tables but was gone from the floor for long stretches.  It took over 10 min to get our drinks (probably more like 15).  The food took at least 45min (although the guacamole came out fairly quickly).  I had the chicken breast plate.  The chicken was nicely seasons, the rice was ok, the bean portion was very small.  My wife's fajitas were good but the veggies were incinerated.  the kids enjoyed their tacos, salsa, bean dip and guac.  I tried a couple of the house beers but they didn't impress me.  My wife had a 99c margarita and liked it.  While my wife was using the bathroom a waitress came in crying.  I can only guess that the kitchen was understaffed so they held people back to keep from flooding it.  The food was decent and there are other things on the menu I would like to try, so we may be back again, but not at Christmas.
3	The food here is always good classic Sonoran fair with a little bit more heat using the New Mexico Hatch chilis then standard Sonora style restaurants in the valley. The rice and beans are pretty classic there are no surprises and no disappointments the service is about the same, nothing great but not disappointing either and prices are reasonable.
