2	I am a huge seafood fan. I grew up going to places similar to this. Nothing fancy. The difference to me is the prices here are high for what you get and the Shrimp was awful. Their breading is unusually thick (about half the shrimp piece was breading). I did like the fish and the service was good. I also was expecting hushpuppies and grits for the price. Will I go back. Maybe, but I will only order the fish. It's too bad, because Phoenix could use a GOOD cheap Seafood place.
3	this place has been here for years and though I've lived in Phoenix all of my life I just started eating here about a year ago. I was kind of leery about trying it out. It's not in the best neighborhood and I figured the seafood couldn't be all that good considering this is the desert. Knock Kneed is a hole in the wall, but it's a great little hole in the wall. I usually get the shrimp platter with a side of fried okra and hush puppies. If you like hush puppies this place has the best! I often just want to go there simply for the hush puppies. I got my coworkers hooked on this place and we usually get lunch from KKL once a week and we don't work close to this place either. It's usually a 30 minute trip there and back, but worth it.
4	I went to the Knock Kneed Lobster for the first time yesterday and I have to say I was very impressed. If I wasn't with someone who knew the place I probably wouldn't have stopped here let alone been in this neighborhood.I had the 2 fish/1shrimp and chips, The fish was flaky and good as was the shrimp. I also tried the fried Zucchini and the fried okra, both were crispy and not greasy at all. I am a fan and will be back.
5	Um, hello, this place has been open for over 60 years.  On that fact  alone they receive 5 stars from me.Do they have some magic type of fryers that no one else in the world has? I think so because I honestly couldn't tell my meal was fried at all. I had the fish, shrimp, and chips combo and every item was crispy, light, and as ungreasy as fried food can get.  The interior is old and outdated for sure and it's totally in the "hood" but who cares.  Darn good fish and chips IMHO.  ---PS, they have one of those pump thingies of ranch on their condiment bar so even if you don't like your meal just cover it in good old American ranch dressing.     Ranch makes everything better!
3	Went there tonight with the hubby, after reading the reviews here. The parking lot is very dark and the place is not in a very good area (there's 2 strip clubs across the street- towards the front and to the side). The fish was flavorless, the shrimp tasted weird and the breading was ok. The hush puppies were the best! Service was ok, we had to wait about 5 mins, before anyone noticed us. Not sure we'll come back any time soon.
5	Strange...the reviews seem to be all over the place  for this the best seafood joint in town.  I think their 60 year operation speaks for itself.  I've been a semi-regular for years now and love their fish.  It's the best breading I've ever tried.  Almost as important as the fish, to me, is you must have good tartar sauce.  If it's crap you can have the best fish and you've still lost me as a customer.  KKL does it right....best, freshest fish and the best tartar in town.  A few have mentioned that it's not in the best neighborhood.  What does this really mean?  Does location have some effect on a restaurants ability to cook food?  Or does your concern for it's location say more about you...
4	This is the best fish and chips in the valley, hands down. Don't risk the stomach ache of going to Pete's Fish n Chips; come to Knock Kneed and you most definitly will be more than satisfied.
2	I drive by this place every day on the way home from work.  So after reading good reviews I decided to try it.  After a dinner of fried everything I think I will need a cardiac exam.  I had fried fish and shrimp and fries.  My daughter had popcorn shrimp.  My dad had fried okra and fried zucchini.  We all shared.  The zucchini was good, I like their batter, but I would have preferred thicker slices of zucchini.  I'm not afraid of having an actual vegatable.  The fish was ok but  I had better at Gordon Biersch.  Sorry, I usually prefer the local guy just on general principle, but this one isn't it.  The fries were not great the shrimp was so heavily breaded that I couldn't taste the shrimp and the popcorn shrimp were all bread.  We did get a side of coleslaw that was as good as any I've had from the Safeway deli.
4	I've been meaning to give this place a try for some time now, and today was able to actually leave the office and have lunch outside of the office. This is new for me, as the past 2.5 years I was stuck eating in the office.Once you walk in, you place your order with one of two employees and wait for your number to be called. I ordered the 2 piece fish and chips and  was number 510. There was a bit of a wait, which is fine because the fish is fried fresh and served hades hot. The fries were standard, but the fish was fantastic. I found the batter to be light and crispy; the fish was flaky and moist. A cornucopia of dipping sauces awaits at KKL, but I stuck with the Lousianna Hot Sauce and malt vinegar. There's also ketchup, cocktail sauce, ranch and a few others.We were fortunate to get there shortly after 11 a.m. before the crowd came in waves.The nautical theme is kitchy and inviting in a way that reminded me of something that might fit into Sponge Bob's world. I'm looking forward to many future returns.
4	Have known this place has been around for quite some time and have always said that we needed to try.  Well, finally had a chance to do so and I must say I was pleased.  Now I'm thinking what took so long?Ordered the 2 pc fish with chips.  The fish, nice sized pieces of cod, with a nice and crunchy coating was delicious.  My friend's son, who's 13 and just released from hospital wanted to go to lunch, got the 2 pc fish, 2 pc shrimp and chips.  The shrimp were large sized and he enjoyed it tremendously.  I was surprised he ate almost everything.  Though we live in Goodyear, will definitely be going back for more.
2	Had the 2 pc. fish & chips. Fish was very fresh. Batter was good and crunchy. Fries we ok because they were fresh, but underwhelming. The cole slaw was pretty much like what you buy at the deli counter. My friend had the fish and chicken tenders. Skip the chicken. Overall I was expecting a bit more from most of the reviews.
3	This is possibly the weirdest place in Phx.  It is in a strange location, in a strange building that seems to have a drivethu menu but no window, and um...no lobster on the menu.  I ordered the shrimp with a side of hush puppies.  The shrimp had been sliced in half to the tail so that they could be fried as long sticks.  This was a little odd for me and left me with quite a few bites that were more breading than shrimp.  The hush puppies were pretty good though.  I don't think I'll be going back here but I'm glad I tried it.  It was quite an experience.
3	I always used to laugh at this place as we rode by on the LR, and I still laughed at it when we drove there in the car.  Inside the building is a fun mish mash of tacky accessories and nautical theming.  I kind of loved it.  This is a really no nonsense type place with a pretty solid menu in terms of offerings.  Strangely enough, I saw no lobster on the menu until we left.  At that point I discovered a sign that advertised a new menu item, lobster!  Too bad I missed it.  Instead, I went with the shrimp platter which came with 4 jumbo shrimp that were cut in half and then fried in one long strip, and 2 sides.  I picked the hush puppies and fried mushrooms.  The mushrooms were pretty good, but could've used some more salt.  The hush puppies were absolutely killer!  I could eat a ton of those!  The shrimp I didn't really like at all.  Something happened to them during the cooking process that turned them all rubbery like clams.  I wasn't sure I was eating shrimp.  In any event, I really liked my side dishes and would like to give their clam chowder a try... and eat some more hush puppies.  Maybe if I am lucky I can come back on a cold day and get some chowdah!
5	My Sister-in-law's mom forces her and my brother to take her to Knock Kneed Lobster every time she comes into town from Baltimore.  We met up with them .2 piece fish and shrimp w/chips.  They even have pasta for the vegetarians!  The Mizithra Cheese Pasta was WAY WAY WAY better than The Spaghetti Factory!  We got a side of hush puppies...SOOOO YUMMY!  WAY WAY WAY better than Pete's Fish and Chips (which is still good).There is only 1 problem ... no Diet Coke ....Pepsi products :(
5	For the past 15 years or so, I have been a satisfied and happy customer of KKL.  I absolutely love everything about Knock Kneed.  The fish is among the best that you will find in the Phoenix area.  I am also a big fan of the okra.  The ambiance here is also quite enjoyable.  There is plenty of seating inside the restaurant and the nautical themed decorations make it one of a kind.You can't go wrong here!
4	Love their fried fish with fries and the endless supply of ranch. Oh sooo good! The price is right, the service is ok. There's room for improvement. Call in your orders during rush hours.
4	This place is a bit rough around the edges, but worth the adventure.  They have really good fried food, especially the shrimp.  The prices are decent and they have a bunch of different sauces.  My suggestion is to mix the Louisiana hot sauce with the ranch.  Employ that for all of your dipping delights.  If you are health-conscious or looking for a nice place to eat, then this might not be the place for you.  If you down for greasy goodness in a low-key setting, then this is where you should dine.
1	After months of passing this place and wanting to try their food, we finally made it to KKL.  What we weren't expecting from this place was the very pricey menu for fish, shrimp and chips (french fries from a bag, I'm sure)!  The shrimp was different and tastey, I had 4 pieces with chips and also a side of mushrooms.  Chris had clams, chips and a side of cole slaw and of course we ordered the hushpuppies which everyone raves about.  This meal was close to $30 dollars!   Some people may feel that isn't bad for lunch at a seafood place, however for the area the food, which isn't like just from the ocean, it's from a bag - it's way too much money and your gut will feel like a grease pit after eating here!My advice, skip this place if you can!
4	Very tasty place to eat.  They have really good tartar and cocktail sauce.  Im good with a 1 piece fish and 2 piece shrimp & chips meal which doesnt cost much at all.  Then when you're all done, head across the street to the topless bar ;)
5	Got a craving for fish and chips? Best place in town I think. Great Fish and Shrimp.
4	I haven't eaten here for many years (decades).  Was looking for a place simiilar to Skipper's Fish & Chips (NW - Seattle) chain.  Was hoping that I could find the fish similar; it is the breading is very simlar to what I remembered; since I used to work there in the 70's; early 80's...Tried the seafood platter, Clam strips were good, coleslaw was fresh and not overly sweet; fries were fresh and didn't taste fishy; but the fish, the fish is what will bring me back again & again.REVISED - Okay, this is becoming a staple in my diet.  Have been there probably once a week for the past 5-6 weeks!!!
3	After driving past this whole in the wall countless times, I finally went in & tried in. I got a piece of fish and the rocky point shrimp cocktail.  For the fish, fried is fried and the batter wasn't anything special. It definitely needed salt.   But I'm a sucker for a good Mexican shrimp cocktail or ceviche & knock kneed didn't disappoint. It was flavorful & not too spicy. Decent portion that was full of shrimp.  Knock Kneed would not be first on my list for fish & chips but I'd go back for the non-fried
3	I thought Knock Kneed was pretty good.  Although a bit pricey for what you get, I think the ingredients are pretty quality.What I did notice about the fish is that it doesn't taste super fishy.  Not sure if that's good or bad for you but for me it was great.  I'm not a person who really likes much seafood as I feel it's always too fishy for me.I got a combo with two pieces of fish.  The breading was outstanding and the hush puppies were dynamite as well.  I'd probably go back just for the hush puppies.  The condiment bar is a nice touch as well.  You can get all the cocktail sauce, tartar sauce, hot sauce and malt vinegar you want.  Love it.  I got all those.The cole slaw was pretty decent.  I'm 'A-OK' with this place but I'll probably have to make another visit before I up the star quotient.  Ambience,..?  Uh...it's alright.  I like the open window lighting.  But the 'hood aspect of the location gets five stars from me.  Two strip clubs within walking distance.  Well, allllright.Pretty good.
5	I am a big fan of Knock Kneed Lobster!It really is a dive, but Jeannie behind the counter is one of the kindest people I have ever met in food service.  We had the King Crab Legs for only $15.95 with 2 sides.  Most of the side choices are deep fried, but the were all hand breaded and prepared when ordered. NO frozen and fried side orders here like most every other place you go.  This no-frills "joint" prepares each meal for the customer as they arrive.  I doubt that they even own a heat lamp.  Oh BTW...  Our meal was GREAT!  I shall return!
4	A no frills joint I have been patronizing forever. Almost forty years. Ouch!! Sounds odd to say/write it. I love this place. Seriously, only once did I have a "bad" order. It's always been great and my Zucchs or Shrooms (I always substitute the fries) are always large/plump.In all the years I've been eating at KKL it has never been greasy, save the fact it is deep fried. You know the kind, after you're done eating there is a pool of oil left behind. The batter has never changed, perfectly dry, so for me great. I get what expect. Tasty food, a little high in price but come on; we're not coastal....
3	My hubby has been begging me to go here with him for a couple of years now. We finally went last night. Nice hole in the wall spacious fried fish joint. Prices are okay. I went with the Large fried shrimp and chips, side of coleslaw (which is huge) and hubby went with fish and chips and hush puppies. The whole meal cost about $20 including a drink. It was okay.  a little under seasoned if you ask me. Will I be returning?  not quite sure. Maybe try the clam strips next time. Wasn't impressed and might even give it less than 3 stars. I was being a Little generous.
4	I can not give my opinion on the fish cause I only get the shrimp cocktail and hush puppies. I just can't get passed it. I have to order them. If my view on the menu is limited then so be it. As far as the shrimp cocktail and hush puppies are concerned. I love this place.
1	Do I really have to give them even one star? In the area so i dropped in for a quick lunch.  Had the shrimp plate with fries. Here goes:1.  The prices are outrageously high considering location, restaurant decor and quality of food. You cannot have lunch here for less than $11 unless you order one shrimp.  Any local chinese buffet will give you shrimp for a lot less than that.2. My shrimp looked like long barrels rather than a shrimp shape. This is due to the fact that they cut the shrimp in the middle and almost split it to make it look longer.3.  The shrimp had too much batter.  At one point the "shrimp"( what was left of it after I took a bite), came out and the "barrel of fried batter" was left4.  The french fries were from a bag --frozen.Being from the East Coast, I know what fresh seafood tastes like. This is NOT it folks.  This place makes Long John Silver seem like a 5 star restaurant and it's a lot cheaper too.  It is an outrage as a "restaurant".  All they do is fry up every piece of seafood that YOU can buy frozen at CostCo or Sam's.Don't do this to yourself.  When you are in the area and hungry, go to the Jack in the Box across the street or some other fast food place. You'll be better off. and.... I cannot believe that the people who gave this place 4  and 5 stars are for real. They have to be the relatives of the owners.  There is no other explanation.
4	we try to come here whenever we are in the area as hubby use to work by here and use to come once a month or so.the fish is awesome and so is the french fries!!i did need to reorder a piece of fish as some meat in it but they took good care of us!!there were 3 of us and the bill was $30-little pricy but we cant find a fish fry that tastes as good as this.atmosphere is older but the food is good!!try it you just might like it!! :)sandy :)
4	Total Dive. If I had just stumbled upon it randomly, I would've just walked right back out, but my friend raved about it. Fish and Chips are great. Shrimp cocktail is amazing. My husband really likes the hush puppies but I'm not a fan. Prices are a little high but its seafood, to be expected. I like the cheesy decor and shady location.. Makes it more of a word of mouth joint.
4	Best fried clams in Phoenix.
3	Knock Kneed Lobster is a classic standby that offers damn decent fried fish n chips. It beats Pete's and Pirates by a mile (but god do I hate Pete's) and the fish is freshly breaded in the back, fried to order: not frozen hunks of prefab awful.The breading is very crisp and the fish flakes apart and is quite tasty with a generous dose of salt and lemon. The fries are basic, run of the mill fries, but they do the job.I used to love Sullivan's Pier in Mesa, which was the family's Mesa location, because they had this legendary coconut shrimp and tropical sauce. Sadly, both are missing at KKL, though their other offerings are good.You're definitely at a dive; that's part of its charm, I suppose, but it is what it is. It's also just a buck or two more than you might expect to pay for a fish n chips lunch, but it tastes fresh and good and I'm alright with that.
4	You dont go here for the decor you go for the made to order fish and Chips they are fantastic and I am very particular about my fish n chips! There is Tartare sauce for you fish, Malt Vinegar for your Chips.
2	Fish and chips was very bland. I like to have a little bit of flavor aside from the sauce that I put on but this fish didn't have it. It seemed fresh, just lacking. The fries were disappointing too. Probably won't be back.
3	It was busy, but I personally didn't like the thick corn breading.  There was very lirtle fish and a lot if bread on it.  Taste was ok.  Nit sure will go back
3	My friend and I read some ok reviews of this place and decided to give it a go. Not crazy about the location but I think for lunch you're fine. I got the fish and shrimp with fries. The service was friendly, the food served quick and hot. The tartar sauce was pretty good and the cocktail sauce was pretty good. The fish itself was a little bland but I think that I will give them a try again but this time I will add a little lemon. I hear good things about the clam chowder so I think I'm gonna order that next time too. Maybe I'll be updating this review.
4	Great place. I have been a customer going on 25 years. It's the only deep fried fish (outside of home) that I like. The shrimp cocktail is the best. The only complaint is the shape of the spoons they give you.
3	Pretty good, but we're still looking for that GREAT fish and chips place in the Valley. I'd say this one is slightly better than average. The breading stayed ON the fish, which is a plus and the fish itself was nice and flaky without being too oily. The breading was a bit bland though, even after being doused in lemon juice and malt vinegar. I tend to think $6 is a bit steep for one piece of fish and fries, but since I only had one piece of fish they seemed to just fill the rest of my plate with french fries. The fries weren't anything special, but they were good with malt vinegar and ranch dressing.Definitely a dive in a divey neighborhood, but overall a solid 3 stars.
5	If you want good fish and chips this is the place. hand filleted  very light batter on the fish, fries are old fashioned not processed and frozen elsewhere. The only place that compares is Spud Fish and Chips in Seattle WA on Greenlake.These are the best fish and chips in the World!
2	Just ok overall.  The hush puppies were OUTSTANDING.  Best I've ever had.  The fish, fries and zucchini lacked seasoning and were a bland - although I used some hot sauce to fix it.
1	I'm sorry, what? This place was the worst! First of all, it's a major dive in a thoroughly sketchy area (shares parking lot with really gross strip club and there's another one across the street.) The food is horrible! Horrible! Thick, bland, raw flour tasting breading with not a speck of seasoning to be found. $4.35 for a bowl of bad canned clam chowder. Fries were soggy and bland. Clams were bland as well, I've had frozen that were better. Cocktail sauce was even bland. Seriously, if you like eating at convalescent homes this is your place. Otherwise, look elsewhere.
1	Where is the negative 2 stars button?  They take cheap fish, we assume they thaw it before throwing it on the floor for the flavor, and into the grease (which smells lovely by the way).Then, they serve this bland, unseasoned "food" to you and laugh all the way to the bank.No taste buds?  This is the place for you!  The last time I entered was was cuz purely by accident.  The next time will be duck hookers and bullets....  Never again on purpose.  There's not even any cats near their dumpster.  Animals have keen 7th senses.They owe me $12 and 40 mins of my life back!  And ppl thought Pete's was bad?
2	Ate here on a Friday night with a friend. When I drove up, I was a little worried as the area is very questionable. There was a sketchy-looking fellow just sitting waiting in a big SUV in the parking lot, so right away I was a bit unnerved.Once inside, I felt a little better. The place was busy which is usually an okay sign.I ordered the 1 shrimp, 1 fish and chips combo. The shrimp was big and pretty good, the fish was your typical battered fillet without much flavor. I doused it in lemon juice and tartar sauce which helped a little. The fries could have been better. They kind of tasted like Ore-Ida fries from a frozen bag. So really the food part of the experience was just so-so at best, if not a bit bland. I do have a bone to pick with the presentation of the restaurant though. What's the story with the handwritten signs covering almost every empty space of the wall? 'Do this, don't do that..' it's like they are so afraid of being sued that they came up with every possible less-than-desirable scenario that could possible take place whilst eating out and made a sign for it. To me it just came across as grumpy management. And then there are the sub-par pixelated photos slapped on the back of the booths. It looks like they went to Kinkos, printed off whatever stock photo of a boat they found on Google and just stuck it to the back of the booths, stood back and said, "that works." As a person who can't stand clutter, all of this together made me want to eat my tasteless food as quickly as possible and get back to my car and drive away, hopefully without being assaulted in the parking lot by said thug in the SUV.DO GO here if you are short on time, are on a budget and don't mind eating bland food in a cluttered chaotic restaurant, perhaps on your way to the ghetto strip club next door. DON'T GO here if you care about food and/or humanity.
3	The fish is above average, not great. The hush puppies however are amazing. They have a nice selection of sauces to choose from and premium beers are only $3.25!
5	As far as basic fried fish and chips goes knock need has it down. Yes, it's a total dive hole in the wall and if you don't like the ambience get it to go.  Better than other local city chains.  They batter their own fish and if someone asked me where to go for good fried fish in the Phoenix area it would be Knock Kneed. Where they get the lobster part in their name I have no idea.
1	These people where not very nice . I don't normally waist time writing bad reviews on things I don't like. Something should be said .  This place was horrible !!!! Don't waist you're time or money.
4	I LOVE this place, dont let the ugly old building fool u! As a little girl, my mom would always bring me here when they were located in Mesa. When they closed down I was so upset because I loved the food! Then we found out they reopened again in a new location in Mesa, still and changed the name to Sullivans Pier. I must admit it was not nearly as good at all. That place also eventually went under. Then I dont remember how I found about of this location but Ive been here a few times and the food is AMAZING!! The chicken strips and fries is what I always order. I could remember they were still as good and tasty as they were when I was growing up, and all the sauces are excellent! The food is awesome! But I must say, the service SUCKS!! The girl who took our order was pretty rude. But it wouldnt stop me from coming for the food haha.
5	My grand parents came here back when it was called "lazy Lew's" back in the 50's. The place is a total dive but it's fitting and its in an industrial part of phoenix. However the food is great and so is their home made hot sauce
5	I am a big fan of Knock Kneed Lobster!It really is a dive, but Jeannie behind the counter is one of the kindest people I have ever met in food service.  We had the King Crab Legs for only $15.95 with 2 sides.  Most of the side choices are deep fried, but the were all hand breaded and prepared when ordered. NO frozen and fried side orders here like most every other place you go.  This no-frills "joint" prepares each meal for the customer as they arrive.  I doubt that they even own a heat lamp.  Oh BTW...  Our meal was GREAT!  I shall return----------------Ok...  I returned...  Had the Grilled Lobster!  Never had lobster on a paper plate, but it didn't take anything away...  Two bites in and I forgot the paper plate and plastic "silverware". What a delicious treat!-----------I LOVE this "Hole-in-a-Wall"The fish is what most people order...  So I tried it.  Another Winner!
3	fish and chips are bellow average. catfish has the same batter as the cod, zero seasoning and almost zero flavor.they seem to use a high quality thick piece of fish and their service is decent plus the place is very clean so they get 3 stars. once again, this is a case of arizonans with limited exposure to good food over rating a place
5	We had a family lunch today. The staff allowed us to reserve (without advance notice) the back room. We all had a great lunch. It was everyone's first time (except the wife and me). Everyone really enjoyed what they ordered.  There was 17 of us (10 adults and 7 grand children).  I wish the whole family could have been there..I had not in my 20 + years ordered or seen the hamburgers they serve there. They are huge!  A couple of us don't care for fish. Anyway they said the burgers were great.Thank you Knock Kneed Lobster for a great lunch and for the great service and friendly atmosphere. You helped make a good memory.
4	The prices are good and the food is excellent. I love the fish and chips but the fried mushrooms are my favorite. It is a great place for the whole family.
1	Crappy food, servers seem like drug addicts. Crab legs are over priced, precut and frozen. Go elsewhere for seafood.
4	Last of a dieing breed, best old style fish and chips with a home made cocktail sause
5	Amazing food. Been here for years when they had Mesa location as well as Sullivan's pier too. It's too bad that closed. Well the fish is amazing. Just as you would find in the northwest. The hush puppies and zucchini are simply the best. You gotta try this place. Don't let the location scare you. It's next to Christies and Juicy Lucy's but completely worth it. Only thing I wish they had was homemade tartar sauce. The affiliated Sullivan's pier that used to be offered it for $.25 per one and it was fantastic.
5	This is my favorite place for some good ol' fish and shrimp and chips. I try to not over do it but, how can I not with all the awesome food on the menu? It always comes down to 2pc shrimp and chips, clam chowder, and fried zucchini. Some places love to charge for extra sauces. Not at Knock Kneed's, get as much ketchup, ranch, tarter, cocktail, and as much hot sauce as you please.
4	Really good deep fried fish that is breaded on the spot. Tastes fresh. Potato salad is very good.
4	I would give them 5 for their food but the sauces offered are horrible. Tartar and cocktail sauce are so easy to make. Don't get me started on the Ranch. The bottle stuff the offer brings down the whole experience because the food is really good!!! I will go again but bring my own sauce.
4	Very cool old place in the industrial part of town.  I wish it wasn't surrounded by two strip clubs (made for interesting conversation with young kids) but the food was pretty good, not greasy at all.
5	Don't let the name fool you. The star of the show here is the fish and chips. No shit.. BEST I've had in az. A little pricier than Pete's, but not oversalted, or nearly as tough. The fish is flaky, and believe it or not, wasn't gamey or even 'fishy'. I think they keep it divey to keep out the foodies. Shhh. It's a secret.
5	My fiance took me here the other day to introduce me to one of his fun childhood memories when picking family up at the airport. They would always stop in here to eat fish and chips. I walked in and thought the atmosphere was really cute and appropriate for the theme. We ordered up fish and chips and and waited just a few minutes. We went and got all our sauces and lemons then dug into some amazing fried fish! Great temperature, breading, seasoning you even got the French fries right. Way to go. I will definitely be back!  I thought the price was a little on the high side but it was delicious so...forgivable.
5	I have had Knock Kneed Lobster for almost 50 years. I love how fresh and "ungreasy" the fish is. The batter is very light and not loaded with salt. Many people commented that it was bland or flavorless--works for me! Much better to taste the fish! Lots of wonderful memories of my dad picking up Fish and Chips on Friday--especially during Lent. My dad turns 97 on Saturday and I am picking up lunch tomorrow (Good Friday) and sharing it with my dad! The shrimp and sides are great too. It is a dive and we love it!
4	One of the best treasures in the valley.  Even the fries, or "chips" are good.  Everything is made when ordered-no frozen or pre made items.  Only reason 4 stars could use some updating, though that is part of the charm of this place.
4	No-frills place, with good fish and chips (and oysters, and shrimp, and crab legs)... It's definitely a dive, with prices to match, but the portions are generous and the breading on the fish -- the most important part! -- is crisp and perfect. Skip the chain restaurants when you have a yen for fried seafood and check out this Phoenix local instead.
4	Great shrimp that has a wonderful crust.  Always the large gulf shrimp you love.  Just added fish tacos which are decent but the shrimp is really why you come; and the fish is great too.
4	Reminds me of the dive seafood shacks along the gulf coast. The fried shrimp was very good. The fish was good but the batter lacked seasoning. I don't even own a salt shaker but the batter needed some salt. I was excited to see fried okra on the menu too - yummy.They have all the condiments for fried shrimp and fish - tartar sauce, cocktail sauce and even Louisiana hot sauce.My other complaint is they have pre-made Lipton ice tea. That stuff is just nasty. Fresh brewed tea is the way to go.
5	This place is by far the best fish joint I've tasted in Phoenix. Their fish and chips are well-breaded and delicious. I highly recommend it.
4	My boyfriend has been bugging me about trying this restaurant. When we drove into the parking lot, saw it was directly across from Christies cabaret and next to a private one on one house?? I almost fainted.. Anyway fried zucchini was AMAZING. It's one of my favorite things to eat, and they did a good job! Same with the fried shrimp. Ordered the fish & chips. I liked it, wasn't blown away. (Then again I am from Seattle.) I would have to say one of the top seafood places in Arizona. The reason I give 4 out of 5 is the dive aspect of it.. Seems like they picked any and every decoration their theme and threw it on a wall. Makes it look cheap & cluttered. And the bulletin board... At a restaurant? Weird. I organize for a living, and it made me cringe. Definitely will be going back though, but will order take out.
5	This place was awesome.  We live in the middle of the desert so it's pretty much a given that you aren't going to find a fish and chips place like you would on a coast.  I've tried a handful of places with the two places around the valley that have decent fish are Pete's and Long John Silvers (yes, I know this is sad).  I have just never found a place that is great.  I've driven by the place a decent number of times and it looks like an old worn out building.  If I was just going by external appearance, I would never try this place because it looks bad and it doesn't help that it's next to two strip clubs (with the one right next door looking very creepy and questionable as to it's legality).  The rest of the neighborhood isn't great but it really isn't that bad either.I finally decided to give the place a try because I was craving some fish and chips and thought it might be good to try a new place.  The inside of the restaurant isn't much better than the outside.  It looks like an old worn out place you might find along the ocean in California.  I ordered a 3 piece fish and chips.  It took a while to get the order and the fish/fries came out steaming hot.  It was definitely freshly cooked.  The fish pieces were not evenly cut and tasted very fresh.  Contrary to some of the other reviews, I do not think these are your standard frozen fish sticks.  Pete's fish looks much more like a standard frozen piece due to the uniform shape.  The fries were also very good.I thought the meal was very delicious.  My favorite part about this place is the sauces.  They have all the necessary sauces available and you can get as much or as little as you need.  It was refreshing to get everything and not have to beg the person behind the counter for a larger quantity of anything.  The tartar sauce tasted good and is my favorite of all the valley fish places I've tried.I've been back to this place twice since my first visit and have brought my co-workers.  They all shared similar feedback and enjoyed their meals.  On the return visits I added a piece of shrimp which was huge and delicious.  I tried the cocktail sauce with it and found that I really enjoyed their sauce.  I usually don't like cocktail sauce so it was a pleasant surprise.  This is definitely my favorite fish place in the valley and my co-workers and I have decided this will be a regular stop on our lunch rotation.
5	Best seafood in Phoenix!  This little gem is nothing fancy, but the food is fabulous. I highly recommend the lobster and crab.  They also just opened a new patio for this fall. It definitely  satisfies my seafood cravings without hurting my wallet.
4	We saw the yelp reviews and decided to try it WOW it was great!The crab legs are worth it and so is the cajun talapiaThe garlic mashed side was great and the grilled shrimp was deliciousDefinitely a local dive restaurant with good food on plastic plates... Give it a try
3	Fish and chips were good and so were the fried oysters. My girlfriend tried the grilled shrimp and they were tasteless and overcooked.  The fried zucchini and mushrooms were very good. We will be returning.
5	Awesome fish and chips. Big portions and friendly staff. If your doing take out call ahead it will be much quicker. Try the shrimp they are huge and fresh.
5	Excellent food excellent service my favorite soda which is diet mountain dewThis place may not look like much from the outside or the inside, but it is very clean and they serve the seafood. If you want seafood this is the place to go. The location is not the best, but that is far from a hindrance when it come to the quality of the food and the friendly and excellent staff.
5	I've been passing this place for years and finally stopped in today. I don't give too many 5 Star reviews, but wow what a great place!When you walk in it feels like you just stepped off a fishing boat into the dockside restaurant with "Fish Shack" Vs. Mexican Seaside type feeling. The place is very roomy with lots of seating, has a nice outdoor patio with smoking and non-smoking sides and a large parking lot.Order at the counter window and be prepared for some golden battered goodness when they call your number. Get your condiments ready, take your ticket to the window once the magic number is called, and BAM! Flaky, moist, battered goodness is now yours to claim!Everything was made at the time of order, not heat lamp fish sitting around getting stale. They boast "The Best Fish Tacos in Town" well I've heard one before and me being a sucker for a fish taco ;-) I took them up on the offer along with a 1pc Fish & Chips.The verdict? I agree on the fish taco it was fantastic and piled high with all the fixings and aside of mango salsa. The 1pc you ask? Equally as good - you won't leave hungry even if you get the 1pc.Stop by and check this place out, let me know and I'll come join you there! I still need to try the homemade Hush Puppies!!
4	Foods pretty tasty and it's a great value. Quite a bit of food and dirt cheap.
4	Wife pointed me in the direction of this place since she had eaten there before.I must admit I was a little leery of the place at first. The place looks like a dive: across from a strip joint in a pretty industrial part of town. The decor is straight out  of a recycled beach restaurant from the 80's and when I got a peek at the kitchen I wondered if I was going to have to visit the bathroom in a hurry after being done.Well, never judge a book by its cover.The food was really good: the garlic mashed potatoes were made from scratch and delicious, the fish n chips were light and crispy, not greasy.I would definitely come back.
