5	First off, let me say that I've only lived in Phoenix for two years and one of my biggest struggles has been finding good contractors to do work on my home.I was lucky enough to stumble across Phil's Home Maintenance courtesy of one of their employees.  Phil's recommended Miguel at Flores Air Conditioning and Heating and send all a/c related issues to them.Miguel is very up-front and easy to work with.  He charges a flat fee for a service call (in my case it was $90) and then additional charges for any supplies or parts that are necessary.  He has a big truck like the other guys that contains lots of parts and supplies so he can do lots of jobs on-site.One thing everyone in the valley should know about the "big guys" that do a/c work is that the person that comes to your door is paid on commission.  This means it's in his/her best interest to get you to sign the biggest possible invoice possible.  I am not saying that they all do this, but Miguel doesn't operate in this fashion at all.I highly recommend Miguel and Flores Air conditioning and heating.Fully licensed, bonded, and insured.  Serves almost all the valley.ROC 198122 C39RROC 198123 L39
5	I bought a house downtown, built in 1939, great deal....NO A/C!!! I dont know much about A/C so of course I checked Yelp for recommendations...enter Miguel and Flores Air Conditioning. I had already gotten a quote from my contractor before I contacted Miguel. Miguel met me at the house that day and gave me a quote that was less than my contractor's quote for a better (trane) unit and also told me about the tax rebate that I could qualify for. Miguel re-ducted (is that a word?!) the entire house, installed the new unit, a great touch screen thermostat and new vent covers in just over a day! I am very happy and Miguel was great, he also referred me to a great electrician. 5 stars for great service, product knowledge, and working with a slightly demanding and difficult :) home owner!! Thanks Yelp for another great find!!!
5	A few months back, the 7-year old A/C unit in my 1920s house stopped blowing cold air. Fearing a very expensive repair but having no choice (it was June in Phoenix) I found Flores Air Conditioning and Heating on Yelp. I made the call on a Thursday. Friday morning, right on time, Miguel Flores and his crew came to my house. Within 20 minutes the unit was blowing cold air. He charged me $130.75 for labor and a few supplies. While he was on my roof he also fixed some sagging insulation and let me know it would make my unit more efficient. Miguel was helpful, professional, knowledgable, everything you'd want an HVAC professional to be. I learned that they also do sheet metal fabrication which I stored away for the future when the unit will need to be replaced.
5	Super, super nice guy. All he did was a tune-up on my AC but from what I can tell he runs a great business. He was running a little bit late because he got my address wrong (my fault, I didn't tell him Tempe and he assumed I was in Phx) so he knocked 30 dollars off of my service call fee. The 30% off was totally unprompted and he really didn't have to do that. I actually tried to refuse the discount but he insisted. He talked to me for a while about my make/model of AC unit and told me it was in great shape. He also gave me a great consultation on a new unit for my stupid condo I'm underwater on. I'll def call him when I need a new AC for that place. Anyway, great business. Mr Flores is awesome IMO.
5	Miguel was very professional and friendly. He showed me exactly what my cooling issue was and gave me different options to solve the problem. If I need an AC problem fixed I would definitely call him back out.
5	AC just died on Sunday and after looking at Yelp I found these guys with glowing reviews. I see why. They were consistant on what time they would be there and they diagnosed the issue quickly. They were informative and friendly. That is a great way to recieve repeat business. Hope the AC doesnt fail anymore this summer but if it does Im calling the Flores'
5	I cannot say enough positive things about Miguel Flores, his knowledge and service.  After being ignored or misled by several other contractors, I contacted Flores A/C about a problem that I had been dealing with for a year.  Miguel took the time to come over, listen to the issues, investigate, ask questions and then offer a solution.  In other words, he worked to solve my problem, not try to show me how smart he was or sell me a lot of stuff that I didn't need.  He undertook a major job, started on schedule, and finished ahead of time.  He never asked for a penny until the job was done to my satisfaction.I have found that all contractors are happy to sell you new equipment and parts--that's easy.  Very few are willing to actually help solve a difficult problem--that is good service.I recommend Miguel Flores and Company without hesitation.
5	I called Miguel at 11AM with an A/C problem and spoke with him briefly. He told me unfortunately they wouldn't be able to make it until 4PM the same day, but would call me when they were en route.  At 2PM they called and asked if they could come early.  By 5:30PM he and his son had diagnosed the problem, picked up the replacement motor and installed it.  They couldn't have been prompter, more responsive or friendlier.  Pricing was very fair and  they basically could not have done an overall better job.  Of course, I hope not to see them again, because no one like having A/C problems, but I would highly recommend them.
5	I've just bought a historic home here in Phoenix and have worked with numerous contractors, handymen, electricians, etc. to help renovate the home and get it looking good.  Flores AC has been hands down my best interaction with anyone for the whole home!  Miguel is thorough, prompt, polite, helpful and will answer any questions you have.  He's flexible with scheduling, even when I needed him to work around my schedule as I moved into the home.  My new AC and vents are fabulous and he did everything for a very reasonable price, something important to those of us who are on a budget.  I would highly recommend Miguel to anyone; I'm not exaggerating when I say that it has been a pleasure doing business with him.
5	I recently called Flores Air Conditioning based on reviews I read here on Yelp. I was not disappointed. They live up to all the reviews. I could not recommend them more.
5	Last week I came home from work to a dead AC during a typical Phoenix August but I was lucky enough to find this wonderful company on Yelp. I have never seen so many perfect reviews but now that I have experienced the company myself, I can see why. Miguel and his son are so nice, fair and professional. I know absolutely nothing about AC units or most things that require "handy-work" so I was weary to hire a company that I had never used before, my fears were unfounded. They were prompt, fast with their work and very fair with the price. Miguel was also very friendly and easy to talk to. If you need any work on your AC or heater, Miguel is your guy!
5	You're missing out if you don't hire Miguel Flores for your cooling needs!  Miguel is honest, knowledgeable, hardworking and genuinely nice.  We found this out the hard way because my hubby misunderstood Miguel's straight talk as a sales pitch.  So several months and many "interviews" with other contractors later, we were back to Miguel for our swamp cooler install.  Miguel's crew took their time to finish the job and take care of the little details.  Miguel didn't jack the price up even after he encountered complication after complication (our house was built in 1950).  When we think about all the little things that Miguel did for us and how he explained everything in detail, compared to the other scammers we met along the way, we thank our lucky stars that we found him.  We plan on having him redo our duct work and install a new air conditioner in the future.
5	These guys are great, they came out to my house on the west side, showed up on time, and were very professional. I think our technician's name was Michael. He quickly diagnosed the problem with the AC unit, and the cost to fix it was much less then we expected. We had used another AC Repair service a few months earlier, they had charged us double to fix the same problem on our other AC unit (we have 2). Michael also gave me tips on how to maintain my AC system in summer and winter, which filters to use, etc...If you have any HVAC issues, call these guys!
5	I picked Miguel from Flores Air Conditioning solely on his feedback on Yelp and I'm glad I did.  He showed up when he said he would (I know, he's supposed to but not everyone does!), was very courteous and fixed what was a little issue without trying to sell me anything that I didn't need.I highly recommend this company, from the service to the professional appearance, it was a great experience.  I will be doing all of my servicing with Mr. Flores from now on!
5	Better Business Bureau Member..........CheckTop Rated by Yelp*...................................CheckLicensed Contractor.................................CheckBonded........................................................CheckInsured........................................................CheckCompetitive Bid.........................................CheckHigh Quality Products..............................CheckHonest........................................................CheckQuality Work is Priority.............................CheckPerformance Beyond Acceptable..........Check
5	Thanks to both Michael & Miguel for getting our AC up and running this summer and for fixing our heat issue so quickly.  They are honest, professional, realistic and reasonablly priced!  I hope to not have to call them again until the summer AC checkup but if I do I won't hesitate to call them.  :)
5	There is no question that Yelp did me a massive favor in finding Miguel Flores. My husband had decided it was time to take the plunge and have our AC replaced. Flores AC was not the first or last company we called, but between crazy sales tactics, tirades about competitors, no shows, etc. he is the one we chose! When I originally called it was a Saturday morning and Miguel said he could be at my house in a couple of hours. He showed up on time and astonishingly my husband really liked him. Everything was very straight forward. We told him what we wanted, he explained what he would do and said he would email over a quote. That quote was to us later that day with the exact model number information which allowed us to research it as much as we wanted. I was not at home for the install, but a glowing report came back from my husband. He showed up as he said he would with his crew which is a family affair. My husband stressed the word professional to me several times in describing their work and the care they took of our house. He spoke of the efficiency of which they worked together, how one would say the tool needed and where it was and the other went directly there to get it. He mentioned they took care to cover all the areas they worked in. Miguel mentioned that if we called around we would find his price to be the best. We never did get pricing on the same model, so I couldn't say it for sure, but we feel that we paid the right amount to the right company.
5	everything, everyone has posted about this company is true! great service, friendly people, good pricing! highly recommend!
5	There is a reason why Flores A/C doesn't have any reviews under 5 stars.... This is a stand up company with an amazing owner! My a/c unit suffered major damage after the great hail storm of Oct. '10. My first call was not to Flores, I called out a company referred to me by a parent of a friend. The tech seemed nice enough. They said the unit was a goner and would need to be replaced and quote me $8900 for a total unit replacement. I know nothing about how much these things cost to replace. I called my insurance company, they said that I didn't need a new unit and that it could be fixed and to find another quote. I jumped on Yelp, and with in a few reviews knew that Flores would be my company of choice. I called and they came out to my house the same day. Miguel echoed what the first company had said, that it was a total unit replacement and quoted me $4900 HALF of what the first company quoted and I hadn't even told him about the other quote! I called my ins co to relay the info and again they said it had to be fixed and not replaced. I was stuck in a rock and a hard place until Miguel went out to my house and went onto the roof with my insurance adjuster and showed him how bad the damage was and that the parts were no longer made. That meeting sealed the deal and my insurance company agreed to replace my unit! Miguel told me that the units were running about a week out to get ordered in, and exactly a week later I called and it had just arrived. The very next day (yesterday) Miguel and his crew was at my house installing my new unit! I had to go to work so I couldn't wait for the full install, Miguel told me he would get everything done that he could do on the roof and meet me back at my house when I got home to do the start up and install my new thermostat inside. Seriously, such accommodating customer service!! He was at my house with in 15 minutes of calling him! I AM OVER THE MOON that I have found a reliable HONEST air conditioning company. Something that is very important living in the desert. I asked if they did anything else (Some a/c cos do plumbing as well) but sadly they only do a/c and heating work. Please use Flores A/C! Support the small family owned companies! You will not be disappointed!
5	Miguel Flores is a decent sincere businessman who cares about his customers.  Anyone who does not consider him for their ac needs is making a significant mistake.
5	Let me say thank you for all the reviews on Flores!  I called after reading them and I'm more than impressed with the professionalism, quality of work, price and kindness displayed from Miguel Sr.  Extremely happy to have finally found an awesome & honest A/C repair company.  My units are old and ineffecient (goodman).  He was totally honest with me and said they should last the summer...but if I do intend on replacing the units, to get a better quality/more efficient unit and do the replacement during the winter.  Said no matter how good of a worker or company, people always do better quality installations when it's not 150 degrees in the attic. Makes sense and I appreciate the honesty.  Manuel Sr also gave me tips on keeping the units running efficiently.  Also, because of all these positive reviews his business is busy!  So unless it it's an emergency you may have to wait longer than you would like.  But it's well worth it!Matt M - Chandler
5	I strongly recommend this company, Technicians DO NOT work on commission and are honest and do excellent reasonable work!  they don't try to sell you service contracts or equipment you don't need!
4	Just got our AC serviced thru Flores AC today. Our AC went out in the middle of the night and I called Flores around 9am after reading good reviews on Yelp. We have a very old ac unit, but not the funds to replace the unit right now, they fixed for 380 bucks, replaced the condenser motor. They were fast to get here, quick to fix, explained the process, and even came in and took the time to let us know the air filters we were using were bad(whoops!) Only reason 4 stars is I am wondering if we could have gotten slightly cheaper....but it was an emergency call and looking on web I think we paid around the range of what we were supposed to. Would 100% recommend!
5	ANOTHER satisfied fan. Looks like yelp works. Called the company at 8am they returned my call by 8:25, they were out here by 9:45am and fixed the problem (blower fan) and were gone by 11am. Pretty darn good for it being the middle of Aug. Plus they were everything that reviewers said, really nice people and very knowledgeable. Their name is on my "To Call" board. Thank you Flores Air Conditioning.
1	Do not use this company.  We called to have our A/C repaired and Flores said they would have to replace the compressor, WITHOUT LOOKING at the A/C.  Called another company, they sent someone out with an hour and replaced a compressor motor condensor.  20 minutes and fixed. FLORES is looking to RIP YOU OFF!!!
5	Fair and honest prices.  Friends and I have been ripped off by other companies for the last several years wondering if there was anyone honest left.  During the summer, you're at the mercy of the air conditioning techs and usually they take advantage of it.I'm very happy with their service.  Very prompt and professional.   Father and son make a great team.Great warranty service.  An electronic part he installed died after 3 weeks.  He came out immediately and replaced the item for no charge.
5	I had a great experience with Flores, as easy and pleasant as having your air conditioner go out can be.  Miguel answered my call and was available to come out right away.  He went straight to work and repaired my AC within an hour or so, and the bill was shockingly reasonable.  I was prepared to have to haggle about upsells and extra charges, but there was no need.  I'm very glad I read these reviews and made the call, if I ever have future heating/air troubles, Flores will be the place I use.
5	Had to call again, and just left a msg that when they got time, call me I needed some help. By that afternood they were there and finished the job. Are my renters happy, yes they are and so am I. Call them
5	So impressed with these guys. Family business, no deushy salesmen. Owner did estimate & worked with us to get best product within our budget. Mr Flores also supervised entire installation.  Our house went from a super hot misery to a cool, comfortable pad. Electricity bill for August $55 cheaper than year before. Nothing but good things to say about these guys.
5	My A/C unit quit blowing cold air right before the first 100 degree weekend this year.  Based on the posittive reviews here on Yelp, I gave Flores a call.  They were able to get me in at 2:00pm the same day.The tech, Michael, came out and was able to diagnose my problem within 15 minutes and have me fixed within 45.  My house is once again cooling.  The negative reviews on the site all cite the same reason "they told me they couldn't fit me into their schedule".  For me, this is a positive.  I don't want to wait 2 weeks for an A/C problem, and I most assuredly do not want to be on an overbooked schedule with a tech that rushes through and misses things.In speaking with the tech that showed up, I learned that Flores only has a small handful of HVAC technicians for the entire valley, and as such, only takes on the ammount of work it can.  They are well worth the time, don't b.s. the price, and never try to upsell.  I will be using them for any A/C needs I have, and reccomend them highly!
5	WOW!! A real honest hard working a/c company! I'm a realtor and have worked with many a/c people before & I think this is the best and most reasonable I have ever seen. My a/c went out at 4pm on a Saturday, I called and Miguel (the owner) picked up. I told him what happened and he asked where I live.  It was on the way back to the shop so instead of just saying they'll help me tomorrow, they extended their work day and fixed my a/c problem for a VERY good price. Even checked my freon for me and didn't try to up-sell or do anything other than what needed repair. I will recommend this company to all my clients & family & friends. Well done Flores A/c!
5	AC died on a Friday, called several places Sat morning, only Flores picked up the phone (left several messages for others -no response). They couldn't fit me in Sat so I scheduled for Wed at 4. Tech showed up at 445 (called earlier to confirm, let me know he was running a little late). He was courteous and professional, and friendly. After some troubleshooting (fuses, wiring) he confirmed it was a dead transformer and installed a new one.   Tested fine, gave a me a years warrantee and his number in case there were any other problems in the short term. He said it was unusual for a transformer to die with no visible signs of why it failed and to hold onto the receipt just in case. No up selling, no BS, no games - just thorough and friendly. AC fixed for well under $200 - bargain. Highly recommended!
5	There are not enough good words to describe these guys.  Here was my experience:11:00 Friday night - realize upstairs A/C is out (of course where all bedrooms are.Get up Saturday and begin researching A/C companies.  Being somewhat new to AZ and not having had to call for A/C service before, I asked friends, coworkers, etc, and checked out Yelp.  Based on so many positive reviews, I called Flores, and now have to add my positive review to the rest!9:30 Sat morn - call and speak with Miguel, who takes all of my information and tells me that he should be able to get someone out to me, and will have the tech call me10:00 Sat morn - call from Michael that he will be at my house within 35 minutes10:30 Sat morn - Michael arrives11:45 Sat morn - diagnosis of a capacitor problem.  Waiting for the big expense to come . . .and he tells me it is an $80 part, and would be under warranty.  Including their trip/labor fee, it was well under $200 when all was said and done.  Michael also checked my second unit, checked the attic vents, and gave me some good advice about the filters and the optimum temps for the units to run at during our hot days.Talk about a relief, all the way around!I have previously dealt with A/C companies that obviously and visibly did not care about what they were doing, that didn't appreciate a dilemma like a unit out on a Friday night when you have kids in the house, and that way overcharged for their services based on the general ignorance of most of us about what costs should be for this type of specialty work.  I will always call Flores from here on out, and I will recommend them to everyone I can!
5	Wow. I cannot recommend these guys enough. If you are searching for an A/C company, you can stop looking.Our A/C went out 6:00 pm Sunday night. I am writing this Monday morning at 8:30 am and our technician has already examined and fixed the issue and been gone for 10 minutes.Our A/C stopped blowing cool air, which in June at 110 degrees makes life very miserable. After seeing all the great reviews here I tried calling expecting to get an answering machine on a Sunday night. No. Miguel picked up and I was able to set an appointment for Monday morning. Our technician, Michael, called 20 minutes before arriving and showed up right on time. He diagnosed the issue and showed me the part that was causing us problems (bad capacitor). Michael also showed me the test that he used to check the part without me asking and I had no doubt it was bad. The price for the part and labor were completely fair and I doubt you will find a better price out there. I even looked up the part he replaced and found the price he charged was spot on. After he was done he let me know of the part most likely needing repair next but was not trying to up-sell me on it. He let me know that it is not urgent to get fixed. The last company we used tried to sell me on tons of extras so I could really appreciate him just letting me know. I was truly impressed by this company's professionalism, honesty, and overall customer service.
5	These guys are awesome! Our A/C went out during the night and we woke up at 5am to an 85 degree home. By 8 o'clock he was climbing on our roof and diagnosing our problem. He was very nice and explained everything that was going on with our unit. He also explained which parts needed to be replaced and show why and what they do. The prices he quoted were under what I could find other places charged as well as their labor costs. If we ever need someone for our air we will for sure call them right away and would recommend them to any and everyone.
5	Thanks Yelp, I know you're not a dating site, but Flores AC and my air conditioner are a match made in heaven and it was love at first sight! It was a grueling day, manual labor in the hot Phoenix sun really does a number on you. Mid July, 110 degrees, sweating so much people think you just jumped in the neighbor's pool. whew. I get my underoos in a bunch just thinking about people who work outside. Luckily, I just have a quick walk from the office, to the car then the car to the perfectly cooled 87 degree condo in CenPho. It's on a timer and set to start cooling exactly 45 minutes prior to my daily arrival. What the? What's going on? OMG. No. Please, no. Wait, NOOOOO. Now don't hyperventilate. You've seen this before. OK. Breathe, deep breaths. I think I remember someone suggesting to turn off the AC for an hour, killing the compressor. Sometimes the coolant lines can get frozen. Yes, that's right. I know its 110 degrees outside, but yes this sometimes does happen. I guess this is a good time to swap out my return air filter - it is a few weeks overdue once every 2-3 months. So after an hour; well, it could have been like 58 minutes, but I didn't really want to wait any longer. I cut the air back on, gave it 10 minutes and still nothing. Well, these tried and true AC tricks didn't quite cut it this time. Time to get someone to Yelp me out with this one.I popped open Yelp and searched my way through Phoenix for "Air Conditioning", a handful of results showed up but really, my first call was Flores AC. They outshine just about everyone else that came up by a good 30 reviews and have a 4.5 overall rating. This is my guy. I explained to him that I tried everything in my bag of tricks already, but I was just blowing a bunch of hot air. "No problem" he replied and said "I'll be there in 15 minutes." really? 15 minutes? whatever. "OK hunny, they'll be here sometime soon-ish." They said 15 minutes, but I dunno. I'll believe it when I see it."... Told you so, service guys and contractors, they never get here on time. 15 minutes. I knew he couldn't get here in 15 minutes; heh, now where's my free pizza? pssshh.  It took them 17 minutes to get here. I knew it, two minutes. He had my AC fixed up in about 20 minutes, apparently a bad compressor. At just $160 for the part, the call, and his time - those other guys have done me wrong for the last time. From walking in the door and discovering my AC wasn't working to happily signing the charge to my credit card, 1.5 hours - you just don't find that anywhere else. They were super friendly, family owned, and in business since 1980 something. Lets face it. 30+ years is longer than some people have lived in Phoenix, let alone been doing AC in Phoenix. Fully licensed, bonded, and insured; you don't have to worry about weather or not you're getting some Joe off the street; or George, Chas, or Parker for that matter.Stay cool Phoenix and happy Yelping!Quoted in weekly Yelp newsletter 4-24-13: http://www.yelp.com/weekly?editorial_id=qr1pI_M35pIb6N5nMzSKMQ
5	Miguel game out same day to give a quote.  Straight to the point, couldn't ask for more.  He only tried to sell us what we needed not what cost the most.  I will hire them in the fall once it cools down.  Miguel is onsite on each job which means alot to me.
5	Flores AC is a top notch company!  They were able to accommodate us the same day, diagnose the problem quickly, gave us tips on how to maintain the system, and did not try to upsell us on any replacements or service plans.   Miguel and Michael were prompt, professional, and did a great job on educating us.  A+ all around!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Flores A/C .  When I first called, the owner (Miguel) was friendly , asked some questions, and set up a time for his techs to look at my dead A/C.  The next day, the techs were on time, friendly, and showed me exactly why my A/C was not worth repairing (seized compressor).  I got a quote on a replacement (which they followed).  When they brought the new unit, Miguel and his crew showed up on time, got the job done quickly, showed me how to gradually bring the new unit online, and again were very friendly and polite.  The price was also very good.  I would reccomend this company to anyone.
5	It always starts with a feeling. I just knew our AC unit was going to go out. Call it paranoia, if you want. But that's exactly what happened early Saturday morning in the sticky, hot month of July. What's worse, of course, than warm air streaming from the vents is the thought of finding a repair company who can and will tackle the weekend job without forcing another visit to the bank mortgage officer.Call one of the big companies, I thought. They'd have the manpower to fix it right and right away. Now was not the time to mess around with a small-time operation. A quick scan of various larger company ratings had me thinking twice about that plan, though. And then through the fog, or steam, as it might have been, beamed the great ratings of Flores Air Conditioning & Heating. A couple people in similar situations had been very happy with the Flores treatment so I started dialing.Unless you have little kids or a busted AC unit or both, 7 a.m. Saturday likely will not find you answering work calls. But there was Miguel along with his happy greeting asking how he could help. Promising, I thought. Well, a few hours later our polite and smiling technician Michael was sweating his keister off: Pulling out a busted fan motor, faltering capacitor and giving our old unit the full treatment. A few hundred dollars later, cool air was blowing again.I couldn't have been more pleased with the service I received that day. The guys at Flores were responsive, courteous and downright pleasant to interact with. While I hope our AC keeps pumping out cool air for years to come, Flores Air Conditioning & Heating would be my only call if it does not. Thanks, guys!
5	We can't say enough about these guys.   It's just so nice to find a nice, reliable and honest company like Flores A/C.   We had to have them out twice this year for two different and unrelated problems.  Both times they were on time, professional, and took the time to explain what needed to be done and why.  Their work is great and they seem to go that little extra step to make sure their work is the best it can be.  Above all, Miguel, Michael and his assistant were genuinely nice guys who seemed to truly have our best interest in mind.  The added bonus is that their prices are very fair.  These guys are a find.
2	I can't say that I had a great experience.  I was having a particularly weird issue where my AC wouldn't turn off after reaching the set point, but this issue would come and go (usually with rain).  I was suspecting something electrical was bad, but not sure what.I called and response time was good.  He checked everything and said it all looked fine, and that it must be my thermostat.  He offered to replace it for me, and I declined.I replaced the thermostat but the issue came back after the next rain.  I ended up getting a separate issue with my other unit, and I decided to call back to have him look at both units.  He said he was really backed up and wouldn't be able to make it in a couple of days, so I called someone else (search my reviews and you'll see who).The other HVAC tech found a litany of issues that Flores missed.  Bad caps and contactors, dry rotted fuse box, old fuses, and dry rotted thermostat wires on the roof (most likely cause of my issues after rain).  I'm happy I found someone who took the time to check everything and listen to my description of the issue.  Unfortunately, this person was not Flores A/C.
5	I called these guys when I saw how many great reviews they had on Yelp & I must say I was not disappointed.  My A/C went out in the evening, I called Flores at 8:23am & Mike showed up at my place by 10:15 & my A/C was cranking out the cool air by 11:30.  Mike could not have been nicer & he completely explained everything. When he told me that I had problems with my compressor, my motor & blown fuses I was thinking it would cost me several hundred or even $1,000.  When he told me it would cost $238.95 I was blown away.  When I told him that I wanted to sign up for an annual inspection he even told me that I could wait almost another 2 years!  Like an honest mechanic, you know you have an honest A/C repairman when he tells you that you can wait that long for your next annual inspection!I've never left a Yelp review before but decided to sign up for an account just to give Flores Air Conditioning & Heating the fantastic review that they deserve!  Do yourself a favor & give them a call!
5	These guys were fast, clean and reasonable.  I'm very glad that I called them when our A/C went out.  He was on another job and didn't know how long it would take, so I told him I would call someone else.  I have someone scheduled, but he called and was able to make it sooner.  He said he'd be there in 20 and he was there in 15.  He replaced a worn out fan and a relay that showed signs of arching.  I will call Flores A/C again the next time we have an issue.  Total turn around time was about 2 hours from my first call to blowing cold.  Thanks!
5	These guys were absolutely amazing. I called first thing in the morning to see when someone could come out and repair my ac unit. I was told that no one would be available until 12:00 so I proceeded to head to work. No more than 10 mins later I get a call from Michael saying he will be there in 15 mins. What service!! Mike was excellent. He came in, found the problem then went to go get the right parts. I was up and running in no time. Best part is, I was only charged $380 which was shocking since I expected to pay around $1,000. I had a blown motor and one other part that needed replacement. These guys are honest, hard working professionals. I will never have any other company work on my AC issues in the future although, I have a feeling I probably won't need any service any time soon. I even offered Mike a beer when he was done, like a true professional he declined. That guy deserves a raise! Thanks again Flores!** Also per fellow yelper Greg M I asked if I needed an annual inspection and Michael was honest with me and said no checkup was needed for another 2 years. Plus my replacement parts came with a warranty so I am good to go!
5	I'm surprised by some of the negative reviews on Flores here on Yelp. I have used Flores twice in the past year- Once to check out why the heater wasn't working and the other for A/C repair. The service technician was honest, prompt, and affordable. The unit I have is very old, but not yet in need of replacement. Flores could have made $$$ off me by recommending me to buy a new unit when I first called about the heater not working, but the tech recommended that I wait till the whole unit dies and use space heaters in the meantime. Which I am a-okay with! I understand that it might seem like they just want me to be dependent on regular maintenance or service but that hasn't been the case. I've only had my a/c actually repaired once. And it cost about $150 and took less than an hour. I'd definitely rather pay that every few years than $4k for a new unit. I'm glad I finally have a 'guy'. Lots of people have a plumbing guy, an electrical guy, etc. Now I have an a/c guy! I will definitely keep their contact info for future use!
5	Found Flores last year on Yelp after my AC went out. They were quick and got everything up and running. A year later the AC went out again and Michael was out quick again. He said that it was just a capacitor the 2nd time but he replaced everything that he had replaced the 1st time, just in case. Once this old AC unit dies I will be using Flores to replace it.
5	Because of cost, our cooling and heating needs had to be done in stages over several years.  First was the research, then electrical upgrades had to be done to accomodate the new heating/cooling projects, then the swamp cooler installed, then finally, the air conditioner was replaced and reducting was done.  It has been nearly a year since Miguel last worked on our house.  Everything is working perfectly.  Miguel Flores was such an integral part of making our house better through all of the stages that not calling him for so long seems strange.  We miss him.
5	Last year, one of our AC units broke, and the guys we ended up hiring to fix it were a total joke.  It was a nightmare, it took about a month of repeat visits to finally get everything working and back up to full speed again.  Next time, I thought, I'm going to do my homework instead of looking for guys that are local.Fast forward to the year, when our other AC unit started having some problems  I did a lot of research (at least an hour via yelp and other online locales), and I ultimately decided to give Flores AC a call.  I didn't know if they'd come all the way up to North Peoria, but they were happy to.  They were absolutely fantastic.  Miguel showed up the day after I called him, and he was able to fix the problem without overcharging us.  He and his crew were fast, efficient, and reasonably priced- what more could you ask for?  I decided to wait a couple months before writing this review- just in case- but the AC  unit he fixed is working as well as it ever has, so obviously he knew what he was doing.  Flores Air is definitely going to be my go-to AC repair company; thanks Miguel!
5	Quick. Great service. Better priced and better unit compared to competition..
5	About a week ago, our AC finally gave out and died.We have been trying to keep it alive for the last five years.  Freon, new blower, condenser, still more freon, welding a leak, a new outside fan and heater switch, and finally still more freon.  So I found myself around midnight searching Yelp for HVAC businesses and couldn't find any in my area.  I then tried "Air Conditioning", nothing.  Finally I expanded the area and found Flores, Parker and Sons, George Brazil were also listed.  But after reading a few reviews, I decided to go with Flores.  They had over 55 reviews, by far and away the most of any HVAC business. Of those 55 reviews, an incredible 49 were Five Stars. I also saw and read many of my Yelp friends, and decided to give them a call the next morning.I knew before they came, that our time was up with the old unit. Though I held out some hope that maybe there was a possible stop gap measure. But it was pretty clear what was needed to be done.  I spoke to Miguel and Jorge for a long time and we agreed they would work up an estimate. No charge for their hour long visit and stating the obvious. Very professional. The next day I received by email an indepth estimate for the new unit and air handler. We had a very old four ton Trane unit which was too small for our house. The new Trane unit was going to be five tons (see photos). After reviewing their estimate, I stopped by Costco and other places, as well as searching online. Everywhere, the estimates were at least $2,000 or more higher than the Flores' estimateI gave them the go ahead and it took a little more than a week. They arrived early yesterday morning and put drop cloths down throughout the house. I was very impressed. Flores is actually four brothers, who work very well together. They all have their own specialty. Seems they've done this before. LOLThey arrived at 7:30 am and finished around 5pm. When they were finished, the house was at 89 degrees. It took less than twenty-five minutes for our new AC to get it down 73!The final bill came in exactly at the original estimate. Wow!  Thank you Miguel, Jorge, Carlos and Jaime!  If I could give you guys Six Stars I would.
5	A Trane unit for less dinero than no-namer units?  Yeppers!They showed up on time for the quote.  They showed up on time for the actual installation, even with a 20 minutes heads-up call.Quote wasn't some silly nickle and dime line-by-liner...instead it was an all-in $4500 for a 3.5 ton Trane machine, removal of old furnace, and all other little things required that I don't care about.They laid down sheeting wherever they walked in my house and left not a trace of their presence.  They refused my offers of bathroom and even washed their hands outside via hose rather than inside (kind of made me wonder if people treat them like dirt/animals??  Regardless, these are GREAT people).  They used my programmable thermostat, using instructions from my computer that I pulled up -- no other company would do this, they all said they'd have to use their "free" but non-programmable unit and that mine wasn't compatible...BS.  Love that they offered to set mine up and spent extra time doing that.My folks actually happened to meet the Flores folks during my installation and were blown away by their professionalism, craftsmanship...and amazing prices.  They actually just got their new AC and heater installed last week.All in all, I got 7 quotes which was probably overkill. Flores wasn't the absolute lowest price, but all things equal, I got a larger unit than the lowest quote.  AND, a few salesmen from the rejected companies called and asked me info about who I went with and pricing, and they were all blown away by the price Flores was able to offer for Trane.I absolutely could not recommend Flores Air Conditioning any more!
5	This company and it's employees (the Flores family) are honest, reliable and capable. Who here hasn't been ripped off by multiple auto mechanics, an A/C guy or plumber? These professions are unfortunately synonomys for con artists, dishonest and incapable workers. That's why I love Yelp, because I found the elder Flores & sons on here!  Been a life saver here in hot Arizona. Thank you Yelp, because the last 4 years these guys have not only exceeded my high standards, but done it at a bargain price.  I just don't understand how they can charge so little and stay in business.  They beat all quotes by a wide margin...did I say they were the nicest guys as well? This is a business you definitely want to succeed in this dishonest world we live in. With these guys, it definitely helps restore my faith in humanity! Great work fellas!
5	Have had 5 different Air Conditioning people over to fix an issue. All of them cost more than Flores, and did a worse job.Finally the issue is fixed, and for much less. Even the Freon replacement was far less than anyone else.Wish I would have known about them to start, I went through craigslist and got a bunch of yoyos before giving in and just getting the best rated guys on yelp.
5	Love, love, love Flores A/C!!! We had been without air since May 15. Another A/C guy, who was referred to us from a friend, came to see what we'd need. Nice enough guy, but I felt something was off. Business info wasn't readily available on that guy and that's when I turned to Yelp. I've recently needed to hire a tree guy and a roof guy for my mom's house, found them on Yelp and they were awesome ... why not find an A/C company? Flores A/C had 59 reviews with 4.5 stars. I told my husband we should have them come over. He called right then and a real live person answered the phone. That person was Miguel. He came over that day and a couple of hours later emailed us a detailed quote with a reasonable price for a Trane unit. We hired him in less than 15 minutes after receiving the quote. He told us we wouldn't be sorry and we aren't!! Today, Miguel and his men showed up when the said they would. I love that it is a family business, it was very comfortable having them around. We are so glad we found and decided on Flores. The business has been around for 30 years and the important info (license, etc) is easily found. Thank you Miguel for a job well done!!
5	Flores Air Conditioning was excellent from start to finish. My unit was making a weird creaking sound so I called them and they were there within an hour and had diagnosed and fixed the problem (bad motor) within another hour. They were very friendly and helpful in explaining what was wrong. He even offered to take me up on the roof and show me what the exact problem was. The price was very reasonable and they guarantee their work with their own 1 year warranty, he also said if it started acting up again in 13 or 14 months they'd still honor the warranty on their work. I couldn't have been more impressed and pleased with this honest, easy to deal with company. I highly recommend them to anyone with A/C problems.
5	Great people! Great company! Same day service on a 112 degree day. Highly recommend!
2	Called twice during business hours a few days apart to schedule a tune-up for our AC unit on a newly purchased home. Got the voicemail both times. Left two messages with no response. So I went with another company.
5	Our AC broke last night, we called Fores AC/H this morning around 6:30 a.m., and they showed up at our house by 9 a.m. (right on time). Not only did they replace our broken fan within the hour, but they also charged us the quote that they initially gave to us. They also warned us that our AC will need to be replaced within the next few years, and we are keeping their card for when that happens because we were very pleased with their service, professionalism and care. Thanks Flores Air Conditioning and Heating for being so quick, efficient and afffordable with our repair during one of the hottest weeks of the year!
5	We noticed at night our AC was blowing air that was room temperature. We shut down the AC then turned it back on 25 minutes later and it was blowing cold air again. Happened again in the middle of the night. At 8am I called Flores and though it was dead heat of the summer we had a repair guy at our home at 1pm.Needless to say the AC was repaired during that visit. Jorge, who repaired it, explained in detail what the problem was, gave me the costs upfront and even told me to search on the Internet or call someone to see if the costs he was charging made sense. Boy did they make sense! I felt very comfortable with their professionalism and their work. I have already recommended them to a friend who is going through issues with his AC and was told to wait till next week until its repaired!
5	These guys are the real deal!  One of my A/C units was not blowing out cold air and based on all the positive reviews, I decided to give Flores a call.  I first called at 5am and I actually received a live person on the phone.  I described the situation to him and he said that they will call back around noon for a firm time.  They called around 12:30pm to let me know that they were on the way.  Jorge, one of the co-owners and his brother, Miguel, was there on time.  They diagnosed the problem and even showed the problem to me.  They fixed the issue very quickly and also provided a couple of alternatives should I choose not to work with them.  I found them to be very honest and trustworthy.  Their pricing was also much better than other companies.The only minor issue I had was that they said they take credit cards but they currently having an issue with the credit card companies at the time so I had to pay by check. I would certainly use them again the next time I need help with an A/C unit!
5	I had an old A/C unit that needed replacing.  Thankfully it was not an emergency.  I got four estimates from different companies, including Flores.  The other three companies sent representatives, not actual technicians.  Flores sent Miguel Flores, the owner.  There were a wide variety of blunders committed by these reps,but the worst was that every one of the "big companies" badmouthed other companies by name, and some even spoke poorly of their own customers.  They were highly unprofessional in a variety of ways, took up about 2 hours of my time with their "home comfort assessments", AND their quotes were between $1500 and $3200 higher than Flores's.Miguel Flores came out to represent his own company.  He came one hour after I called, because he was in the neighborhood, at 6:30 pm.  He looked at my current A/C, got some info from me, and quoted me a VERY fair price for a Trane 14 SEER 3 1/2 ton unit.  Yes, including the manufacturers warranty.  Yes, including a 2 year labor warranty.  Yes, including TAX.  AND, including the removal of my antiquated evap unit as well.  He even vented the roof where the unit sat.  Miguel was respectful (my single woman friends, this is soooo important and harder and harder to find anymore), timely, professional, kind, and concise (without being  unclear).  He took very little of my time (about 15 minutes) and his office emailed me the detailed quote the next morning.  He encouraged me to get other quotes as well, and said they only deal in Trane units, because in his 30 years of installing, they run the best and have the least problems.  He gets good prices because he is exclusive with the brand and has the volume to back it up.  The unit was installed Monday and she's purring like a kitten.   People, do your research.  Look up A/C lingo, ratings, and buyer tips.  Go on Yelp, Kudzu, and BBB.  Don't be completely in the dark about what you are going to spend thousands of dollars on.  Get some quotes.  Just make sure Miguel Flores is on your list!  You will not regret it.
5	Add me to the hordes cheering Flores. We got great service at a fair price.Our air conditioner quit on July 5th (well, at least we hadn't left town...). Based on the yelp reviews I called Flores, and they came over about two hours later. We weren't surprised to learn that we needed a new unit. (Fortunately we have two on the house, so we were merely uncomfortable and cranky, not frantic.)To install a new Trane, they'd have to create a new frame for the A/C unit since the old one was the wrong size (and shoddy anyway). So he apologized and said he couldn't get to us until Tuesday; we'd have to make it through the holiday weekend with just the one A/C unit. To our happy surprise, Flores called on Monday to say they could come a day early.Everything was installed perfectly, with minimal fuss. They even installed the new NEST thermostat we'd bought for us.It was just what we wanted: affordable (well, given the cost of one of these beasts), responsive, and good service. I hope you don't need to spend this kind of money on air conditioning, but if you DO, I'm happy to recommend Flores.
5	Our air conditioning went out on a Sunday evening.  We called a larger AC repair company and they couldn't come until Monday between 12-4.  I saw these great Yelp reviews for Flores so I called and left a message.  They called back the next morning at 8:30 and came to the house by 9:15.  Only a minor repair was needed - not sure comparative costs but considering we thought we needed a new unit we here happy to pay $200.  I definitely recommend this company!!!!  Fast / Friendly / Affordable!
5	No wonder this company gets awesome reviews,  I spoke to Michael and he was very professional and courteous, He took his time checking the unit and found the problem right away.  Trying to save some money I connected some wires wrong, I know shame on me. regardless, he found the problem right away, corrected it and the unit worked fine after that. He checked the freon, checked the rest of the unit, checked my second unit and told me that eventually my blower fan will give out but for now is working just fine. He told me that the oil leak from the blower fan will eventually cause it to fail. but it does not need to be changed right away. Did not try to sell me anything or convince me of buying anything. I perceived a very honest individual that takes pride in his company and quality of work.  He told me to give him a call anytime. They have gained my trust, and my business. Finally I found a company that I can trust with my AC needs.
5	I had my a/c "fixed" about 4wks ago by a company Ron Brocks.  They put a fan on which was the wrong part which caused my a/c to fail. Surprisingly after coming back two times they wanted me to buy a new unit. I called Flores because of the reviews on yelp for a second opinion.  They fixed my unit without replacing it, came right out and for a great price compared to others. If you don't call them you are crazy.
5	Summary: Lived up to the hype. Prompt service, knowledgable, honest. Highly recommended.  He walked me through everything. He tried very hard not to call out others in the industry but said that if, "Someone wanted to get an extra $600 out of you, they could have just said this..." Obviously, he did not and was I pleasantly surprised with the charge.Our downstairs air conditioning was not working. He diagnosed the 3 problems within minutes. Instead of replacing motors, fans, etc, he simply replaced two capacitors and a wire nut. He told me that he has been told by other air conditioning repair companies that he does not charge enough for equipment and services and he should bump his prices up to make more money. I, for one, am glad that he didn't listen and he has a business model built on charging a fair price for a fair profit and building a reputation of honesty and service. If you do those things, business will take care of itself by word of mouth. Maybe the other companies should take notice of how Flores is consistantly consuming their client base. By the way, Flores does not advertise. Well Done Flores. If I need an air conditioning repair again (I hope I don't), I will not hesitate to contact them.
5	Mr. Flores was very helpful and knowledgeable.  I need also found him to be very honest.  His price was lower than everybody else for a Trane 14 SEER unit.  I would definitely recommend him.
5	I'm another fan!!  When my AC wasn't working, I assumed the worst and called Flores to give me a quote.  They kept me informed throughout the day and did everything they could to fit me into their schedule.  It turned out to be a minor electrical problem after all.  Miguel and his guys showed up just as the electrician had finished his work and the unit was running.  Even though I wasn't able to use his services, when the time comes, I will definitely give him a call.  I am so glad that I have found one of the good guys!!  Other vendors have recommended him too, which speaks volumes.
5	Flores A/C and Heating was AMAZING. The reviews were spot on. I even contacted several fellow Yelp reviewers before pulling the trigger. I had a 4 ton Trane installed. It took him about a week from initial visit to come out and install the unit on my roof. They were professional, courteous and did everything the RIGHT way. I encourage you to call and shop around just so you will know for a fact that these guys are the best. I had quotes at 40% higher. No other company will ever touch my A/C unit. This is a dirty business and these guys actually exemplify honesty and integrity, something rare these days for an A/C install/repair company. These are the guys to use seriously, this is coming from a guy that does his homework. You can get a new A/C unit (mine was a 4ton gas pack) from these guys and sleep like a baby knowing you got the very best bang for your buck. Thanks Flores and thank you to my fellow yelpers.
5	See original review for AC purchase/installation review.THIS update is for follow-up/warranty service!Today, yes, today, I finally turned on my heat (kills me to do so...) and well, nothing happened.  :-/  Brr, I think. Perhaps my batteries are dead-ish?  Nope.  Still nada.So I call Flores around 2pm.  I leave a message and get a call 30 minutes later from Mr. Flores. I describe the issue, pass along me info, and he says someone will call me to schedule an appt.  I receive a call from Michael (who did my original quote!) at 3:45, and he is at my house in less than an hour.  It was a quick fix, something perhaps wasn't connected properly on installation (props to admitting to a problem rather than making excuses as is the norm), and he was in and out in less than 3 minutes.Superb service, and he made sure to talk me through some of the oddities of having a heat pump only (I had them remove my furnace completely and rely only on the heat pump for cooling and heating) to make sure I don't freak out if I am to see steam or get bursts of cool air in the AM.Love FLORES AC/HEATING!For those who keep messaging me to see how happy I am with Flores, I will be happy to sing their praises forever! :)
5	If you want to do business with a real Man, one who looks you in the eye, tells you the truth, shakes your hand to seal the deal, and never backs out, while always giving the customer the benefit of the doubt, then meet Mr. Flores. I have waited 6 months to write this review, just in case something went wrong with our HVAC system (Trane) he and his crew (family members) installed for us in June of 2013. We found him on Yelp, called him, and he set a time to inspect the unit. As I suspected, the 15 year old system was going out. He quoted me a price, which I vented with other companies, that was nearly 2K cheaper than the other contractors. I told him to do the work, and he said it would take a week to get the system and to work me into the schedule, and that we might want to use another contractor since the heat was 116 degrees outside. I told him no, we want you, and we will get a hotel. We did just that, and on the day of installation, he was in and out in just a couple of hours. The next day I was concerned that it might not get cool enough for our son, who has thyroid issues. Mr. Flores was out here in less than an hour. He inspected the system, called the manufacturer, and when everything checked out, said that if I was not happy, he would give me a 100% refund. He also said that if I wanted to, he would leave the system installed until I found another company that could install one that would meet the needs of my son, and then remove it the day that the new company installed a new system. He would still give me a 100% refund. This man is someone I want to be my friend, or my pastor, or my doctor. He really cared about us, not his loss if he had to uninstall and resale the used unit. After checking around, nobody could get us a system that could go as cool as we wanted it to be for our son, without the installation of a major unit used at the hospital. We called him back and let him know that we were good. At Christmas, we have a tradition of calling those people who throughout the year had contributed to our home, making it and our lives better. We called three people, one of who was Mr. Flores. He and his crew have the most 5-star Yelp shout-outs for a reason....honesty, competence, price, and customer service!
1	I really hate to do this, because there are so many great reviews, but I did not have a good experience and I feel it is important to share. I called last week and asked to schedule an appointment for them to come and take a look at the unit on my new house. The man I spoke with, said he thought he could come the next day and would call me back and never did. Later in the week, I received a call, and I was told that they just realized that were supposed to come and that I could have any time that I wanted. I rescheduled for today at 10:30 and no one ever showed up. I did call and leave a message. At this point, I'm moving on to another company. I actually feel mostly disappointed, because it seems to me they have done great things for other people.
5	I called Flores Air Conditioning and Heating around noon to ask if they could send someone to take a look at our AC unit.  Sometime over the weekend it stopped working and as April approaches so does the heat.  Mr. Flores answered promptly and let me know that they were really busy today but he would definitely make time to come.  Around 4pm I had a missed call, I was in the backyard with my dog.  I called back and they said they had stopped by and could be back around 5pm.  To my surprise they were here right on time at 5pm.  They did a thorough inspection of both the indoor and outdoor compartments of the AC.  They diagnosed the problem and within 40 minutes had the AC working again!His price was very fair.  We were worried that we might need the whole unit replaced.  He said it was still in good condition and he made it clear with his words and actions that he takes pride in his work and he knows how important his job is here in Arizona.  Mr. Flores and his son Michael were very honest, professional, and prompt!  It was a great experience overall.
5	When taking bids for a new HVAC system, my client from California told me to get a quote from Flores also. He said they scored highly on Yelp. OK - so I'll get call them too! Glad I did! They were quicker, better and more affordable than the guys that I've used for years! Now Flores is the only bid I get for my jobs; there's no one finer! BOOTs!
3	Ok
1	Sorry to ruin the party concerning the high Yelp rating for this company, but this is my story. I called these guys and we agreed that they would come over to my house at 4pm for a regular service call. So I took off some time from the office to meet them at my house. I called them at 4:10pm and asked them what was going on, I had to leave a message. After a few minutes, they called me back and said they didn't have a technician near my house since they were in other parts of the valley so we would have to reschedule. WTF?I rescheduled for the next week and while they called me about 15 minutes before the scheduled appointment, I told them that I was in another part of the valley and couldn't make the appointment. I then continued with my awesome lunch.
5	Talk about speedy service -- I called these guys about 1.5 hours ago and the technician showed up within 30 minutes! The tech was very friendly and explained what he was going to do. Sure enough, I needed some freon to help my very old (20 yr old) unit blow some cooler air. He said there's probably a leak, but told me that he doesn't think it's a very big one since he couldn't identify it. I asked for a quote to replace the unit and now will start saving and thinking about it!
5	My a/c in the heat pump went out late last night. Was getting ready to have this other company come over and googled broke heat pumps and found these reviews about Flores. So called them and everything that was said was true. They came over in an hour. The estimate on a new motor is $700..that's what I was going to pay and my friend who is a builder paid that. With Flores, total cost was $360 for a better motor than what was in there before. He also sprayed down my coils and checked the freon.Thank goodness I found them.
5	I decided to replace my 27 yr old heat pump before it quit on me during the heat of our summers and had met with several companies before reaching out to Flores. I heard different recommendations from almost all of them and just as wide of price ranges.  Flores was one of the few who didn't try to 'dazzle' me with sales nonsense, but spoke to me like a guy who knew HVAC.  I was already down to a couple models and between their explanation, reviews, ROC, and competitive price, choosing Flores became easy. It did take a few days before they replied to my initial contact, but after that all went quick. Within a few days they were out with my new unit, sealed up the leaks in my return, and I couldn't be happier!!
5	Although I am a long time user of yelp, this is my first review.  This group did an amazing job.  They fixed my vents, removed my 25 year old dual unit, and installed a quiet roof unit all in a day.  I have never felt more comfortable in my house.  The job ended up clean, and its a significant improvement over what we had in the past. They're well worth having them do an install on your house!
5	I have used Flores last year to install a new Trane in my Scottsdale home. I gave him a 5-star rating for the price and service he and his crew gave us. I had to call them again this month, to check out our ac in our rental house in Gilbert. It has a split gas system with part of it in the hot attic, with barely any room to maneuver. Jorge came out to check on it and diagnosed the part that had gone out, and said that other parts may follow, with the age of the unit, but that he thought the part would hold me until I could better afford to install a new unit. This was welcomed news since the former tenant had damaged the house and stolen everything that was not nailed down, and the costs to repair and replace everything hit us pretty hard. He got the part and he and another crew member installed it the next day. I held my breathe as they turned the system on, but It is blowing cold air, and I am happy. Thanks for making this landlord's day.
5	Jorge is amazing! He has serviced the a/c at my rental property and each time he is the most professional and honest contractor I've ever done business with! Do not see anyone else for your a/c service, go to Jorge!
5	I had three local companies evaluate my a/c which was acting up: Parker & Sons, AccuTemp & Flores.Parker & Son's are crooks - the evaluation was a complete overhaul of my system with a price of over $3,000.AccuTemp -The contractor gave me an accurate overview of my a/c problem...but took a long time to evaluate and explain what was going on. By the time he wrote my estimate he noted that they charged by the half hour....two hours later @ $75 an hour. This disturbed me becuase I was given a flat price evaluation quote over the phone. His price after evaluation was $1,700. Another scam artist of a company.Flores - Lastly, I had Flores come for a service call. Their technician came the same day as AccuTemp. He had a few problems with the timing of our discussed schedule and could not find my address right away (It took a few phone calls to explain where I was). But when he showed, he was polite, went right to work and performed the standard checks at the unit, in the attic and at the drips. His prognosis was the same as AccuTemp's - basically, some minor repairs. This is where it gets amazing...when I asked him to write up the overview and price it out, he explained that there would be no cost and that he did the work as he was evaluating my system. He also explained the how and why about the problems I was having with my system. While most companies tell you that you need a new system at 7-8 years - he disagreed and told me that under good service they should last 10+. Then he simply told me to call him when I needed another repair or a new unit. This guy and his outfit is a class act. I will be calling them, and no one else in the future.
5	Best HVAC experience i have had in 14 years in the Valley.    Professional, knowlegeable, and friendly.    Had it diagnosed and fixed in an hour on a Sunday and then took his time to explain how to best care for the system to avoid further issues.    Michael was great.
5	Second time using them now and they were just as open, honest and informative as the last time. I fully expected a much bigger expense, but Jorge (one of the owners) provided me with the options I had and told me what he'd do if it was his house. And believe it or not, his suggestion wasn't the most expensive one.Flores Air really know their stuff and they know that at the core of a good brand is a good product and great service. If you have those things, you've got good word of mouth on your side.He just finished replacing my capacitor and we just spent a good 20-30 minutes just talking about honest business and life in general. That's how much I like this guy! I'd go on a road trip with this guy. That's the type of good people you want in your home when it comes to strangers and service people. Jorge tells me he never gets on the computer, but if one of his family members reads this, please let him and Miguel know they're good people. Not just good professionals.
1	No one ever answers the phone or returns messages. WTF? WHY SO MANY ZERO FRIENDS REVIEWS? I smell a skunk.
1	When one of my AC units went out I turned toYelp and decided to try Flores Air Conditioning.  Never got a live person and left a message with 2 #'s that they could reach me at....NEVER received a call back.  Would not recommend.
5	I recently needed a repair on my A/C.  He gave me a reasonable estimate and did a thorough check to make sure everything was okay.  Great friendly service.  I was also having the house painted at the time.  He also called later to make sure I turned off the A/C before the painters started spraying the house.
5	Needed to replace blown capacitors in our York AC. We were able to book a time for the crew to come out that afternoon. They replaced the capacitors and topped off the freon in about an hour. The price was 1/3 less than what we paid to have the same job done 3 years ago.
1	I called Flores based on their good reviews, and I was pretty much blown off.  Initially, no one answered the phone and I left a message.  It took a few days for him to call back, but then we scheduled a time to come over the next day before noon to look at the unit.  The next morning, no one showed up.  I called him at 12:30 to ask where he was and learned that he hadn't even scheduled it.  He seemed very disorganized and didn't care that I had lost a morning waiting for him.  He said he had to check to see if anyone could come today and that I should wait.  I said to not bother, and neither should you.
5	If I.could give an extra star I would.  Our a/c went out and I called out 6 companies.  Flores quoted the highest quality unit at the lowest price. Miguel answered all of my phone calls and was friendly and professional.  I was nervous as it's a huge purchase and usually deals like this are too good to be true. He showed up when he said (the next morning for install)  his team was polite and friendly and I got a quality unit and a quality install at an amazing price.  I used him.based on his yelp reviews and am so glad I did!!
3	I want to give this review to give some moderation to all the rave reviews. Some of those who gave 1 stars are likely telling the truth. These are nice guys but not saints. Here is my story. I called on Wed because my AC fan motor went out but I had to go out of town and asked if they could come out Friday afternoon. They didn't ask much about what was wrong and told me to call back on Friday morning. I was leery of that answer so I clarify with him if the reason I am calling on Friday is so they could give me a better idea of an appointment time. He says "Yeah". I called Friday and they told me they were running behind and too busy to do the job. I was just going to hang up mad and deflated but  I explained the situation to them and they decided to come anyway. They said they would come between 2 and 4 but they got here when it was nearly 4 pm. I'm totally okay with that even though  I had to run like crazy out of work to get there at 2 and missed some crucial things like getting my time sheet in, but it was better than facing a weekend without AC. They first try a $45 capacitor part but said it didn't work and had to replace entire blower motor for $475.  He also throws in a new thermostat with the deal. I looked up the part prices with my serial number and the most expensive of these fan or blower parts is $200, so they got $275 for the install. The other part they were going to charge $45 was $15 retail, so they are definitely doing a markup. Apparently that is common. So, these guys are nice but making a buck just like everyone else.
3	I was out of town and checked yelp for an emergency AC repair in August/Phoenix. They came out the following day and the repair was made and all great. I've called them three times, to come out to do some add'l work and have been told each time to call back when they're less busy. So, now I'm not as enthusiastic -- but if I can get them to come back out again, I do believe they do great work. Just need some office staff or someone else other than the technician, handing scheduling.
5	It was a bit difficult to arrange scheduling for a quote and service, but this was probably due to the fact that it was in the middle of summer and they were busy.  I appreciated that they were able to be flexible on appointments and even did the a/c replacement on a Saturday morning.  There was a problem after with drainage but they came out and took care of it at no extra expense.  Overall, great service and reasonably priced.
5	After being "taken" by our last A/C guy we interviewed many and got quotes from several companies for a new compressor and handler, Jorge Flores was the only one that asked to see the handler in the attic to be sure of the work involved. This attention to what we would need put him at the top of my husband's list and second on mine because there was 1 less expensive quote and I was paying the bill. I had my husband negotiate, and Flores, though still second was able to get us an additional discount for a much better unit, and a WIFI thermostat that made it worth the second place $$. Due to our hectic work schedule Flores agreed to come on Saturday; they worked till lunch and said they had discovered some difficulties they were not counting on. Our price did not change! They worked several hours over what they expected and now we have a QUIET unit that is expected to bring us years of comfort and savings! Thank you Jorge and family for making the expense feel worth it!
5	Very please to work with.  The owner (Miguel) came out the same day to give the quotation and he follow up with a written quote.  This is a family owned business and everyone is very pleased to work with.  His crews came in on time and finished the work on schedule and they even serviced my other 3 ACs with minimum cost.  I will definitely recommend Flores AC and Heating to all my peers and friends.
5	Amazing service.  I called with an emergency and Jorge Flores was at my door 20min later with a quick simple fix.  He optimized the drainage, cleaned out the lines and gave the whole unit a check up.  The cost was so affordable and the entire experience was fantastic.  As AC is so crucial in this lovely desert, we will have Flores AC back out every spring for a check up.  Thank you!!!
5	As a property owner who lives out of state, Flores is a company I fully trust. They have been out to my property two times and have worked closely with my tenant on the time of arrival. Both times, they have fixed the issue with the A/C at a price that was too good to pass up. Timely, cost effective, great communication, etc. These are just a few reasons why I will continue to use Flores.
5	This past summer my A/C broke when it was 110+ outside. I called Flores A/C at 4PM on a Wednesday afternoon, and by the same time the next day they had managed to install a new rooftop unit in my house for the lowest price of the several companies that I had called. I was beyond satisfied and made a mental note to write a Yelp review, but didn't get around to it at the time.Winter rolls around, temperatures drop into the 30's, and I noticed that my heating wasn't working so I gave Flores a call again. They came out the same morning and spent a solid hour and a half troubleshooting my system. Turns out that the furnace unit and the wiring was all working as it should, but the Nest thermostat that I had installed was not compatible with the furnace. At the end of the visit they refused to accept payment for their time since I was an existing customer and "they hadn't done any work on the system". I insisted on paying them for their time but they flat our refused. The kindness, honesty, and decency exhibited by the Flores crew is all too rare. I am a customer for life.
