5	First! This place is awesome. They just open today in my neighborhood and WOW am I a lucky person to live next to this place. I had the Salmon and Shrimp katsu and my lady had the Chicken Katsu Curry. The fish and chicken was fried but was so tender never had Katsu this tasty. Love it and I be coming back all the time.
5	Best japanese curry In town. Chicken karaage is fantastic, had to order a second helping. Service was excellent, very friendly staff. Will come back weekly. Love love it.
5	It's a very cute, cozy and clean Japanese Katsu place. I had tried cucumber salad , potato salad , chicken Katsu, salmon Katsu and pork Katsu sandwich. I love it all but I really like the yuzu flavor cucumber salad, pork Katsu sandwich and salmon Katsu dinner. I'm so glad it's right by my house that I can go eat there all the time!
5	Very good tonkatsu! I wish you guys the best and will send my friends to your restaurant.
5	Perfectly cooked tonkatsu.  I got a pork cutlet and curry rice plate and it was really good.  Cutlet was nice and crispy while the meat was still juicy and flavorful.  I like how they give you the chance to grind your own toasted sesame seeds to either mix with a tonkatsu sauce or place directly on top of your food.  The tonkatsu sauce was pretty strong but good as long as you get some rice in that mouthful.  Also ordered the potato salad and it was excellent.  Unlike many potato salads, it was light and refreshing as opposed to heavy.  She puts cured cucumbers and, I think, some apply pieces in there.  In any case, it was a nice side to go along with the breaded and fried meat.Curry had a little potato and carrot too.  Would have loved to see a side of corn.  I usually roll like that.  But overall you're gonna get really well cooked katsus, a nice fluffy moist rice, and tasty curry.  I wish I lived closer.
4	I feel like this is your pretty standard 4-star experience. There was nothing particularly bad about the whole experience of eating here, but nothing that stood out as "outstanding." I have gone to a Tonkatsu specialty place before in LA which was more expensive but also more tasty and a better experience.I got the standard pork tonkatsu dinner. The portions were generous and the cut of the pork was quite thick. It came with two cutlets which was more than enough meat. On the critical side, their tonkatsu sauce is quite salty and it would be tough to counter that with the options on the table. The cutlets themselves were moist and well cooked, though the breading was a little plain in flavor.The dinner portion came with rice and miso soup, which were ok but decent.One thing that felt awkward to me is that the store was eerily quiet despite there being about a dozen people there when we got there. The place is quite small and cozy, but I for some reason felt like I was in a library the whole time.
5	The food and service was great. I tasted a bit of everything and nothing disappointed.
5	This spot was delicious ! I tasted almost the entire menu. The service was very warming and I will definitely be back!
3	It is with great sadness that I have to give them 3 stars, but I have to stick to my guns and rate the restaurants based on food.  I am passionate about Tonkatsu.  Please...don't confuse this with tonkOtsu as in Monta ramen.  Ton means pig.  KAtsu is something fried with panko.  KOtsu is bone as in pork bone broth you make Ramen out of, so please get it straight.  Katsu NOT Kotsu.  When I was in Japan this spring I must have had 3 or 4 tonkatsu meals.  Tonkatsu restaurants are ubiquitous there, not quite as many as Ramen ya's or 7 11's, but you won't have any difficulty finding one when you are in the mood for it. Tonkatsu is a very narrow niche, they only serve fried pork loin (rosu katsu), pork filet (hile katsu), and some places may serve fried prawns and such, but that's usually about it.  Most places do fried oysters from Fall to spring.  Tonkatsu restaurants are somewhat different from other genres like sushi or ramen because people don't/can't make nigiri sushi or ramen from scratch at home, but tokatsu is not very difficult to cook at home.  Then how come tonkatsu restaurants are so popular?  Well...it's because they tend to be cheap, and it's a mess to make at home with deep frying and all, but the most important factor is that SOMEHOW....it tastes so much better when the pros do it.  It's just pork, salt/pepper, egg, flour, and panko deep fried, but I just can't make them like they do in Tokatsu restaurants, that's why I go out to Wako, Saboten, Maisen, etc, with their soft/crispy fried panko layer, but when you sink your teeth into it it oozes with all that nice pork fat juice, that's why!  Somehow it doesn't turn out like that at home.As I have been saying for years that Vegas needs a tonkatsu place, I was ecstatic to hear that Kiyoshi opened.  it's in the SE corner of Jones and Robindale and it is a cozy clean place with great friendly service.  The menu was a bit busier than I liked but seemed legit and there was rosu katsu as I wanted.  You go to Tonkatsu place, you get rosu katsu.  Tonkatsu restaurants live or die with rosu katsu.  Each table has a sesame grinder and a pot of tonkatsu sauce.  You grind as much sesame you want and add a tonkatsu sauce to make your sesame flavored sauce.  Rosu katsu set looked authentic and promising.  What didn't...was the katsu itself.  It looked a little too brown, dry, and the outer panko layer has separated from the meat and fell apart as it was picked up.  It tasted dry and I could not enjoy any of the juicy pork fat as I bit into it.  It's like going to a Ramen place and having a broth that was tasteless with floppy overcooked noodle.  As I mentioned earlier, it's not hard to cook your own tonkatsu.  In order for me to go and pay money for it, it has to be better, MUCH better than what I can make at home and this wasn't the case.  I'm hoping that perhaps mine was a flop.  But the appeal of eating pork/tonkatsu is in the fat and this particular rosu katsu was not fatty/juicy enough, partially due to overcooking.  I would highly recommend them to keep on working at it until when cut into katsu, a nice juicy pork fat flows out and that meat is ever so slighlty pink.  In japan they use "mukin" pork where there is no concern for parasites so some tonkatsu places serve their katsu pretty pinkish.  Doing so in the U.S. probably won't fly, but it certainly does NOT need to be overcooked as they did.This place has potential, but they need some work on their katsu, perhaps a lot more than "some".   I will visit again and hope to see something that doesn't shame their existence as a tonkatsu-ya.  Until then....I'll keep cooking tonkatsu at home.
4	If anyone has been to wako in ktown in California this place is almost identical to that.I had the hire katsu(pork) and the breading wasn't too thick and very crispy and flakey. I only wish they had better dressing for the salad. The spicy mustard was a nice touch that I had never had with katsu before.I also had the beef tataki and Japanese potato salad. They were both good but nothing really special. I finished off the meal with best red bean ice cream I have ever had. I will definitely be back here sooner than later.
3	Another local style restaurant near my house! I am loving the ninth island. Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is strictly all about the self described Tonkatsu. One of the many local kine food grew up on. Besides the fact always been fan of any kind of breading that uses panko. It done right nothing better then light crispy golden brown crust on the outside and juicy hot meat on the inside. At Tonkatsu Kiyoshi they do fabulous job comes too the Tonkatsu. It was my first time so on this visit only got too try the pork katsu although they have other proteins from shrimp, beef, and chicken. Most of the entree comes with rice, couple pieces of garlic (makes no sense, I never asked so sure has its compliment), and miso soup. The house miso soup was good. I liked the fact that it was on the hearty side with decent amount of diced tofu and seaweed. I heard about the Curry sauce from friend recommendation. So I got the Katsu Curry try the best of both worlds. Japanese Curry reminded me of the curry houses back home in Hawaii. Especially the fact that in curry comes with big diced cuts of potatoes and carrots. Think traditional Japanese style just the curry then you add extra items or other curry places around town that just the norm. I have no problem with just pointing out difference. The curry sauce base its solid. Other places around town the base curry is better but here curry sauce does have its flavor all its own. Its more darker in depth not more on the yellow/orange color use too. The tonkatsu was ON point crispy golden brown and hot moist on the inside. Portion size is LOCAL style. Very reasonable price too. One plate between half filled with rice, nice size portion of katsu, and my case curry sauce. Miso soup that full full lunch. It small restaurant easily hold under hundred peeps. I like the bar action up front holds around ten seats. They have tables on both sides up front. The decor is simple couple of japanese art work on the walls. It just open so for sure has that brand new restaurant smell too it. Couple other business around it that not quite open yet so don't let the lack of action around mislead you. It tucked in the back of mini shopping mall so easy pass it. Open for both lunch and dinner. Sure plan on coming back trying more of the menu items.
5	I love everything about this restaurant! The food, the decor, the service are all great! The tonkatsu I had was soooo juicy, and also the potato salad is awesome! can't wait to go back for lunch tomorrow. lol
4	Good little restaurant by my house. The inside is decorated pretty cool. There are tables and also a counter which you can also sit at. Everything is reasonably priced. The menu isn't super extensive but it has a little from everything.The food i ordered was Pork Katsu Curry, Chicken Karaage, and Beef Tataki. The pork katsu was very tender and tasted really good. The curry was decent. Ive had better but it was not bad. The curry also had potatoes and carrots in it. The chicken karaage was not what i expected. Reading the menu i thought it was actual fried chicken. But it was also very tender and the flavor was good. The beef tataki was good but there was only 5 slices of it and it was priced at $5 so that was a little disappointing.Overall the food was good i would definitely go here again especially since its right by my house.
5	Great service, friendly environment, nice interesting table set ups, cooks are on time and quick. The food are tasty and as fresh as it gets! My favorite is the donburi!! Definitely a place worth to try if you haven't yet.
5	This place reminds me of curry house coco ichibanya in hawaii! The tonkatsu breading is nice and crispy and fried to a golden perfection.  The curry has a touch of sweetness that I like over Curry Zen.  I feel like Curry Zen is more of a traditional Japanese curry versus this curry has some veggies (carrots and potatoes).  I also like that they have the sesame that you can grind for the tonkatsu sauce; I love the smell of fresh ground sesame and the nutty taste it adds to the tangy tonkatsu sauce.  The only thing that I think was missing was some pickled plum to go with the curry.  The location is the old Rice Trax, but they have done a great job of sprucing the place up and I love the little piggy silhouettes they have on the wall.  If you are a curry aficionado....you have to give this place a try!
5	This place is awesome. The server/owner was really nice and cared about service. The boxes on the table with the tonkatsu sauce spices was really cool. I love the hard wood feel of the place. It was pretty cool to grind your own seeds to add to the tonkatsu sauce. It smelled so good while you were doing it. The food was also really good. I had the pork katsu sandwich and my girlfriend had the katsu curry. The katsu was perfectly crispy. The curry was good. But nothing special. I liked my sandwich a lot. The bread was super soft like thick cut wonder bread and the mustard they serve on the side packed a punch, and for only $7 it was a steal. I would defiantly come back again.
3	3.5 starsIf someone opens up a tonkatsu restaurant in Japan, the owner is convinced that their tonkatsu is fucking awesome and the best around.  While there's certainly no market for upscale $30+ tonkatsu meals on the corner of Jones and Robindale, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi does a decent job of breading, frying and serving meat.  They're definitely the best around...since they're the only place around!!My wife got the hire (pork) katsu dinner which was better than the ebi (shrimp) katsu.  The shrimp was quite large which was a plus.  I went with the ebi just to have a variety but I should have just gotten the other pork option (Rosu).  After all, there's a pig on the freakin sign so that should give you some hints on what to order.  The meal comes with miso soup, rice and a little onion.  After you grind the sesame seeds, transfer the amount you'd like into the black dish with the sauce, don't put the sauce directly into the grinding bowl.  That's the wrong way to do it and you limit the size of the piece you dip by using the small bowl.  I noticed several people doing this while we were there.    The quality of their pork is better than Japanese Curry Zen and they give a substantial amount more.  I plan on trying the katsu curry next time for sure and I'll be ready to bump it up a star or two if the curry is great.
5	Discovered dessert. Yuzu pannacotta. Soooo good. A great end to a Wonderful meal. Love love it.
4	Only a week since this place opened. The restaurant is decorated tastefully and is spotless. Located in a strip center -  self parking was a breeze to locate.It was lunch and I went with the pork Tonkatsu. The entree came with miso soup, salad and steam rice. The portion was generous and my friendly waitress crushed sesame seeds and mixed it with a sauce which was yummy for the pork Tonkatsu. The Tonkatsu was crispy on the outside and moist and hot inside. I'm so looking forward to returning and trying their curry.
5	So I went there yesterday and was so blown away with the food, I had to come back again this evening with my family. The set up is small, but spacious. There are six tables and a bar-type area for seating. You're welcomed immediately with a nice "Irrashaimase!" and it sounds like they've practiced because the pronounciation sounded almost native Japanese. The tables are a good size and the seats are comfy. In the middle of the table is a nice set up where you can mix up your own tonkatsu sauce and roasted sesame seeds. Pretty damn brilliant.For starters we got the karaage chicken and beef tataki. Excellent dishes. The presentation and portioning are just right, and so is the price. For the main course, I had the Hire & Ebi combo and let me tell you, the breading and texture were just like back home in Japan. The presentation was just like you'd walked into a tonkatsu place in Shinjuku or Yokohama. These guys pulled it off legit. To finish things off, you must, MUST try their yuzu pannacotta. Get there early and order it quick, because they'll sell out. Overall, it was a 5 star yelp experience. It's rare that I go to a place twice in a week, let alone 2 days in a row. Yes, it was that good! Go! Go now! Bring your friends!
5	This place is amazing the pork was breaded and fried to perfection the shrimp are HUGE and the panacotta dessert is outstanding I strongly recommend that you try this place the staff are great the foods great the restaurant is clean I can't get over how great the service was I will definitely come back
4	A small Japanese place that is owned by Hawaiians. This was where Rice Trax was before.Ordered their chicken tonkatsu, potato salad, shizo pepper and pork tonkatsu.All of the items were delicious. The deep fried katsus were not greasy. It came with a shredded cabbage salad, pearl onion pickle, rice and miso soup. For the price, it wasn't bad. Make sure to request for their yuzu dressing for their cabbage side dish.Service was also great. Very attentive and fast. We will be back!
5	Ok, I am not an expert on this type of Japanese food by any means...so I am only comparing it to what I know (JCZ and others) FWIW.Katsu Curry ($12): Pork Tenderloin Katsu with Curry Rice. Pork was PERFECT! Juicy, tender insides with a crunchy yet soft breading on the outside!  I really don't know how else it could be BETTER...seriously, it was as good as it gets for simple Katsu!The Curry itself had much more FLAVOR than the "other" Japanese curry house as well.  The other tasted like a boring gravy that I had to sprinkle tons of seasoning into  for something to really stand out.  This one is good on its own, but even better with a little bit of love!  Also tried the Melon Cream Soda Float ($3.25). Nice change of pace! The soda itself is super sweet esp combining with the ice cream, but it is pretty tasty overall.  Give it a shot if you need to calm a sweet tooth!I thought prices were fair and the portions were pretty large.  If this place was in Chinatown, it would be packed!See you next time!Pics :
5	Best Tonkatsuya in Vegas! Must try the Katsu sandwich!! The place is clean and conform,good service!
5	I have been there 4times since the opening and everything I add was a amazing must try this place
5	I ordered the katsu sando and katsu curry from here. I really like the breading and quality of the katsu and the pricing is good for the potions they give you. I love hole in the wall places like this.
4	For starters, we ordered the Beef Tataki and potato salad. The potato salad was asian style with apples and was ok. I enjoyed the Beef Tataki though! Great appetizer! I ordered the Chicken Katsu. If Tonkatsu had a really good dressing for their cabbage salad that comes with the katsu... it would be perfect! The ginger dressing doesn't really go well with it. The katsu itself was really GOOD! It reminded me of Wako, a really popular Katsu place in Los AngelesService was also awesome! The waiter recommended this tasty melon soda float for dessert. Never had anything like it. Kinda like a root beer float but instead of root beer, its melon soda!
5	The tonkatsu here is so fresh and crispy!  It reminds me of the famous tonkatsu restaurant in Waikiki, Tonkatsu Ginza Bairin.  This restaurant just opened up 3 weeks ago and I have already been here 3 times... I think I like this place.The owner Mark and his family run the restaurant.  He is from Japan originally but lived in HI before moving here to Vegas.  He is super nice and remembers me every time I come in.  I have had a chance to try a lot of their menu over the past 3 visits.Appetizers:  The 2 most popular ones are the chicken karaage and the beef tataki.  The chicken is really good served with the lemon.  Beef comes with a ponzu sauce and tons of onions!  Yum.Entrees:  The Hire katsu is a classic pork katsu that is juicy and not dried out like a lot of the pork katsu's I've had before.  Simple and delicious.  The Katsu curry is nice because it is the same pork as the Hire katsu but served with Japanese curry and veggies on the side.  It gives you the option to use the curry sauce or the tonkatsu sauce to dip your meat in.  The Katsu-don is a bowl of pork katsu and rice served with an egg cooked on top of it with onions and a soupy sauce.  I preferred the other two dishes more because the cripsy crust is slightly soggier with the egg and onions on top.  The salmon and shrimp katsu is a nice option if you want to mix things up.  I have never had salmon katsu before!  Dessert:  I have only tried the melon floats but they are delicious!  Green melon soda with ice cream!The funnest part about this place is that you get to make your own tonkatsu sauce... sorta.  You use the little mortar and pestle to grind your sesame seeds and then you mix the seeds with the tonkatsu sauce.  Their sauce is soooo good!   I think it is the best tonkatsu sauce I have had.See you guys next week :)
4	HATE  Did not get offered water or drinks until I asked over 5min later.DISLIKE  Also didn't get a menu as soon as I was sat. The miso soup was a little too salty.LIKE  The delicious hire and ebi katsu. The amount of food they provide. The Japanese cream puff with red bean. The manager (and/or owner) who served and talked to us.LOVE  The concept of making your own katsu dipping sauce. Table and food presentation. What they did with the old Rice Trax space - totally transformed it!
5	I overheard Mark / Mr. Kiyoshi telling someone about his new restaurant while I was getting some things printed at Office Max.  He explained it as a Japanese / Hawaiian spot, so I was immediately interested!  Wasn't quite sure when they were opening as I was just eavesdropping on a conversation, but as soon as it popped up on my yelp "nearby," I had to go and check it out!  My daughter and I went this past Sunday night. The decor is awesome with Japanese accents.  I really thought he did a great job. The owner explained that his mom helped with some of the cranes and such. It's clear they put a lot of thought into the decor. I love it!  We ordered the Katsu curry and asked for chicken instead of pork, as I grew up on chicken Katsu!  My daughter also wanted the edamame and I ordered shishito peppers to start. The peppers were a little crispier than I am used to, but they were delicious.  I would just like to see them cooked down just a little more next time. Delicious, none the less.  My daughter said the edamame was great. As we waited for the entree he taught us how to make our own Katsu dipping sauce with sesame seeds. How cool! The Katsu arrived quickly after we finished making our sauce. The curry was perfect, exactly what we would expect at any Japanese / Hawaiian restaurant. The crispy Katsu breading was great! Crispy and tasty. The chicken was juicy and not over cooked.  We really loved it! The dipping sauce is the best Katsu sauce I've ever had, which is crazy because I have been eating chicken Katsu all of my life!!! We left full and very happy. We almost went there for dinner on Monday night (the very next evening) but my daughter decided to go tonight instead (Tuesday) with her friend. Love this place! Will definitely be back and I'm sure we will be regulars. Yummy!!
4	Tonkatsu is a Japanese comfort food commonly prepared at home.  In its simplest preparation, a piece of pork loin is tenderized and the flattened pork is breaded and deep fried until cooked.  It is traditionally served with a tonkatsu sauce, but it is jut as common served with Japanese curry and rice.  However you eat it, a good tonkatsu meal will fill your belly and bring a smile to your face.At Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, the same Japanese tonkatsu is wonderfully prepared and served here.  And like many of the specialty tonkatsu restaurants in Japan and much of Asia, they offer a variety of different preparations (although the selections overseas is significantly greater than what is available here).The tonkatsu I have tried thus far have all been fried perfectly, where the pork is still cooked but nice, tender and juicy inside.  It is so flavorful that you don't even really need the tonkatsu sauce (you can customize it by grinding toasted sesame seeds and mix it in with their pre-made tonkatsu sauce).  The portions are good for the price.On my first visit, i tried their Tonkatsu Donburi. Which is just tonkatsu served over rice in the style of a traditional Oyako Donburi (Mother Daughter Rice Bowl or something like that, because they kinkily served the chicken with the egg. Get it ;P).  It was very good!One of the things I wish is available is the choice of breading for the tonkatsu.  In Japan and in Taiwan, where I ave visited everything from high end premium tonkatsu restaurants to very good fast food tonkatsu chains, they all have more options than what is available as is on the menu.  It is not a huge thing, but sometimes a little more choices make the customer just that much happier.The miso soup was excellent too, even though that is never the reason for me to ever go to any restaurant.For what is available in the area, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is unquestionably the best. (Voicing the same sentiment as Philip T in case it is less obvious in this paraphrasing).3.75 rounded up to the nearest whole integer equals 4.
5	We ordered half the menu here and honestly can not say anything really bad. Tonkatsu was prepared jusr right, light and crispy batter. The japanese curry was the best I had in the city. Beef tataki was tasty and tofu, we couldnt get enough. The potato salad had the right amount of dashi and sweetness,  chicken karaagi was slightly salty for my taste. The best part about this place aside from the amazing food, they served everything like how you would get it in Tokyo and you prepare your own katsu sauce. Definetely going on the fav list!
5	I love it, simple menu, very great food, very great service, worth every penny you spend!!
5	The Best Tonkatsu we've had since we left Japan 20 year ago !! Good portions for very reasonable price ! My son and wife had the Ebi-fry dinner and I had the Ross Katsu dinner, not greasy at all, the tonkatsu sauce was traditional style using goma, very friendly and fast service, the owner came to our table several times and we had long conversations.
5	Krazy for KatsuThere are some days where comfort food makes everything better.  I was not in the mood for meatloaf or some heavy fried chicken, even though I was dying for fried food.  On the way home, we stumbled on a small eatery called Tonkatsu Kiyoshi on Jones and Robindale.  Tonkatsu sounded wonderful for dinner.  Crispy, marinated, fried pork was just the thing to make my frown turn upside-down.Upon entering the small eatery, there are about 3 tables that seat up to six people, and a nice, large counter seating 5.  We sat at the counter and was greeted by a very nice gentleman who explained the menu layout.  The menu is very simple--it's katsu, either chicken, salmon, thick cut pork, or pork tenderloin, ebi furai, curry combos, and apps.  The appetizers are the typical karaage, cucumber and krab meat salad, seared beef with onions and ponzu, and edamame.  We ordered karaage, krab meat salad, and seared beef.Before the food arrived, the server explained their sauce tray seated in front of us.  There is a container of sesame seeds, one of katsu sauce, hot pepper, salt, pepper, and soy sauce.We were told to put sesame in the grinding bowl that doubles as our dipping sauce bowl, and to grind the sesame seeds to a powder.It was quite fun grinding up the sesame seeds and taking in the scent of the nutty oils releasing in the bowl.  We mixed in the katsu sauce and some hot pepper with our chopsticks, then awaited the main course.The apps came out quickly.  First up was the cucumber salad with krab meat.  It's sweet and tangy from the vinegar, balancing the sweetness of the shredded krab stick.  The cucumber was a nice, crunchy, and fresh element to the app.  It also acts as a great palate cleanser.For $5 you get a ton of salad.  I almost ate the whole bowl without sharing with my husband.The next app that arrived was the seared beef with onions and ponzu.  We were told that some people like to roll the onions into the meat then dip, which I tried.I added in the radish (on the right) and some chives into the sauce, rolled the raw white onions in the meat, then dipped.  It was delicious and very cold, which was refreshing.  The meat was good quality and seared beautifully.If there is anything in the world I love, it is fried chicken or karaage, and this eatery makes the lightest, crispiest, and most flavorful karaage I have tried in Vegas.  They marinate the meat in mirin, soy, and other ingredients for a day or two, then they lightly batter it with seasoned rice flour and serve with a vinaigrette salad and lemon.  I squeezed lemon over the chicken, gently dropped soy on each piece, and took a bite.  The crispy, light exterior was just heaven.  The salad on the side balanced the hot fried chicken pieces, providing tasty, cool relief from the hot and crispy chicken.  With a burst of cherry tomato in my mouth mixed in with the salad, this could be a great lunch dish on its own.  Just lovely.After all those appetizers came the combination plate that I ordered -- fried shrimp with tenderloin katsu.  It's served with Rokkyo (Japanese pickled onions), miso soup, hot rice, and ponzu for the cabbage.The katsu is served on this awesome metal rack to keep all sides crispy.The katsu was juicy and crispy, with that lovely coating that wasn't too thick.  The shrimp (ebi furai) was delicious.  I love ebi furai and they make it very well here.  With the cabbage covered in ponzu sauce, some Rokkyo to cut through the richness of the katsu, and some hot rice to compliment everything else, I didn't look up once through the entire meal.  It was just so much fun to dip in the katsu sesame sauce and then reach for rice, then drink some miso to balance everything.  In the end, I raped my plate of all its parts and tapped my tummy in approval.But what--we cannot end a meal on entree alone.  A light, sweet dessert is required here, and what better to eat than a cream puff.  A cream puff that is made fresh, powdered with sugar, and filled generously with a whipped cream made in-house was the perfect way to end this "ichiban" meal.  The cream was silky and had just the right sweetness, with a puff that wasn't crispy as it was chewy and light.  Perfect ending to my day, indeed.After paying the good man $56 for 2 drinks. 2 entress, 3 apps, and 2 desserts, my husband and I shuffled our cartoon-like full bellies into the car and headed home to hibernate.  I love places that have simple menus, provide good food and service, are very clean, and are priced well.  Tonkatsu Kiyoshi hits all those marks, which only means that they are on my go-to list when I am in dire need of a katsu, karaage, or ebi furai mix.  Thank you, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, for making my day brighter and my belly full.
4	mmmm mmmmThe breading/crust on the katsu here is a winner for sure~!!!Light, crispy, not oily & DELISH.The restaurant is made up of like 6 tables and a countertop for solo diners. You get seated, grind yourself some sesame seeds using the mortar and pestle provided and create your own katsu sauce.. Cool idea but the germaphobe in me got a little creeped out by all the possible sharing of germs that happens during this process since you spoon out the seeds/sauce rather than shake/squeeze out.. Also, do you put the pestle back in its place after using or give it to the server to wash?!?!? LOL ok enough with the mortar and pestle ;ppp-Chicken Katsu ($9) Comes with miso soup, pickled pearl onions, rice, salad & 2 chicken katsu breasts. The chicken katsu was juicy and tender and like I mentioned before the breading was on point. The shredded cabbage salad comes with ponzu dressing which was ok but fills you up without eating the rice. -Chicken Katsu with Curry ($12) Comes with miso soup, pickled ginger, rice, 1 chicken katsu breast and curry. The curry has some potatoes and carrots but tastes like something out of a box. I say skip the Katsu Curry plate and just get the Katsu plate because you get more katsu, you get salad & it's cheaper!!! Service was friendly. Food took about 10 minutes to come out. I wish they had some zaru soba or udon on their menu & oops I forgot to ask if they have brown rice!
2	Lost in translation?What it should be:  A working businessman's meal.  100g-150g of high quality, heritage pork, coated in fresh bread crumbs and fried golden brown.  The small portion is accompanied by AYCE rice and cabbage.  Do it yourself sesame based sauces for the tonkatsu and to dress the cabbage.What they offer:  A simple menu.  Choice of either the softer, less fatty tenderloin of the slightly more firm loin from an everyday pig.  Served traditionally or as a donburi or with curry.  Rice, miso soup, and cabbage completes the meal (not AYCE).  Make your own sauce, grinding your sesame seeds and mixing in the house sauce which has a good dark soy background and hints of plum perfume.  What I got:  Tried both the tenderloin and loin.  An oily, excessively thick eggy crust of not freshly made breadcrumbs (taste like store bought panko) surrounding an over cooked piece of pork.  Hawaii yeeps, think L&L quality.Ultimately it's better than your average plate lunch place and not a bad deal for the novelty and price.  Tonkatsu snobs, look elsewhere.
5	I'm not a big tonkatsu fan/snob in general, but this place has definitely made me a believer. Something about how they cook things, prepare things, treat their customers... it all just works together! The breading they use is fresh, which makes any leftovers still amazing the next day (none of that hardened meat or crust here), and trust me, I hate leftovers, but here, they work! The owners are a super sweet family that remembered us from our first visit (including remembering that we over order and need to-go boxes) and are extremely attentive. I honestly love everything about this place, from the presentation of their dishes, to the little touches they add to make your visit comfortable and welcoming. Their menu isn't extensive, but what they do have, they do it well and with love. I prefer the chicken katsu, but I was eyeing the shrimp on my last visit, so I'll have to do their combo chicken/shrimp next. My fiance prefers the pork katsu and also raved about the quality of their curry. The couple next to us was talking about how the water here is really good.. and I actually have to agree! I really also enjoy their hot tea, which the owner told us was his favorite tea from the first Japanese restaurant he worked at. I already can't wait to go back again!Side note: I've been really bad at writing reviews and posting pics lately, but this place has inspired me to write again. Great products and service deserve to be talked about, and sometimes that's overshadowed by internal/external ranting and raving about crappy places.
5	Its a really good experience, great and good quality food, a really nice service, the owners are so nice and Maria she explain us how they make the food, how they like to do their own cuts of meat to have a better results and that only use fresh food. Its like home made.
5	Just opened up about 8 weeks now. The curry katsu is pretty legit. Have to say that my wife and I like this place a lot. The portions are good sized. Not huge but not small either. Id say just right. The way they make the katsu here it's nice thick and moist. Not dry like other places. Also a big bonus. The bathrooms are very clean.  The melon soda is also awesome as a small after meal dessert.
4	Heard about this place from my boyfriend and all his (foodie) roommates as they live really close to this new place. Funny thing is they, initially, came here for Rice Trax - the local Hawaiian spot that was previously there.They raved about the chicken karaage and his instagram video of his DIY tonkatsu sauce intrigued me. Luckily, my brother and his family took me here for a belated birthday lunch. Decorated with those "good luck" bamboo plants/trees, various Asian prints and curtains. What a difference interior design makes in a place...It's hard to believe that Rice Trax was here. Of course, the 1st thing I did when I sat was make my very own tonkatsu sauce. Kinda fun as I've never used a mortar before. My nephew (who doesn't like sauces of any sort) even had me make some for him.We ordered the katsu curry, chicken karaage, beef tatake, edamame, and salmon katsu. - Beef tataki was the winner for me. Seared beef and ponzu sauce are always a win.- Chicken karaage had a nice breading on it, which also made for crispy "fried chicken." But, the chicken wasn't burnt. Thin pieces of chicken which made for fairly juicy chicken.- Katsu curry was nice. Wish the curry was a little more spicy but nothing a few chili peppers (on the side) can't solve.- Salmon curry was breaded as nicely as the chicken karaage and katsu. Salmon was pretty thick and didn't fall apart when bitten. The best part of that salmon katsu was the salad that came with it. Standard Asian cabbage/slaw but, the yuzo/ponzu dressing was amazing! The owners came by to give us more dressing =)- Pickled onions, cucumbers on the side were delish. You can tell the freshness and that it was homemade. The owners were telling us that they get many requests for kim chee so, that may be a possibility.Overall great experience an the food was very good. Nice to have a tonkatsu spot in the area as tonkatsu this good is few and far between.Service was great. You can tell it's a family run business and the owners take pride in the food they serve!
5	OMG this place is so amazing, the food is so delicious, and the price for the portion and the quality is totally worth it. The staff are very friendly. I m so happy we finally have a great tonkatsu place like this in Vegas
5	One word sums it all, YUM!!! I'm definitely coming back. I chose the Rosu katsu, which was very tender and cooked just right. Not oily at all. I love the cabbage salad that comes with the entree, very refreshing. My son loved their Tori Katsu. So this place is definitely approved by him. Service was wonderful and the staff was very friendly. Last but not least, the melon float was fabulous!Sorry no photos this time. I forgot and devoured all my food ;)
5	Simply amazing. True Hawaiian Japanese. The hire tonkatsu is so tender and prepared just perfectly. Must try it!
5	Noticed the new joint but just had the chance to check it out today. I did a pick up. Normally, I would love to dine in esp when it's my first time. I ordered the Pork and Ebi katsu combo! All I can say is I wasn't really a big fan of katsus but man once you bite down everything is perfect. Good crunch and tenderness in the meat. :) They also have good curry! I love japanese curry and I reccomend theirs! I just wonder if they have the other pickled stuff besides ginger. I'm definitely coming back!
5	Ey yo guys, real talk, this place is GAF! They know how to make their katsu hands down. I went with my mom to try this place out because my mom is always down to eat Korean or Japanese food with me, so why not right? I heard about this place from some other yelpers and I was not disappointed! One thing I saw pictures of was grinding your own sesame seeds and putting in your sauce or something, so I was curious. What you do is grab a bowl, put in some sesame seeds, and you grind it yourself! You can grind it to the consistency of your desire and I thought this was a fun little activity to do while we waited for our food. I ordered some karaage with my mom, and surprisingly, it was not greasy or too oily, it was actually really good. The outside was really crispy and the inside was soft. This is a highly recommended appetizer! When our actual entrees came out, it comes with the meat you ordered, rice, soup, and a salad. I ordered the pork and I don't remember the name of it because there were two pork katsu items with different names... But they are the same thing, that's what the server told me. I was confused and so I ended up getting whatever that was. My mom got the chicken and my mom got double the meat I did it seemed, for a dollar less. Nothing to complain about there, just get the chicken next time! Like saw their combos, but from the pictures, I didn't think the extra piece of shrimp was worth the 5 bucks, so I passed. The food was amazing my gosh! The breading was so crispy and the meet was tender and juicy. This is definitely the place to get your katsu fix! You might miss the turn though because it's not in a big plaza, but if your food is good, people will find it, and you will find those people. Give this place a visit!
5	Their tenderloin was so tender and juicy inside, yet crispy and light on the outside. Not to mention with the freshly grind sesame sauce! YUM on all levels! Plus the price is very good for such a big portion. Definitely will come back with friends again~
4	Absolutely scrumptious tonkatsu and a very unique grind your own sesame seeds fresh to make a fabulous dipping sauce experience. Basically, the food is delicious. If you try this restaurant out, you'll have a very enjoyable experience.
5	I loved this place.  I ordered the katsu donburi and they made it so good.  The service was also excellent.  They are super friendly and so nice.  I went the second time with boyfriend and we ordered a take out of a large pan of chicken katsu.  They were awesome in catering to what we wanted.
5	I have been waiting for a restaurant that is worth writing a review!!!& this is it. I have been so many places through yelp, but this is one and only place that is trult not disappointing and worth going to!
4	Fried food, while delicious, is not my go-to choice. So when we were heading here I was questioning the decision. Really? We're going to yet another low quality place that deep fries the cheapest meat they could find and serves it with rice for $10?Wrong. I did not know this place was legit. Prices are a couple dollars up, but what you get is much, much better than your run-of-the-mill fried meat spot.First of all, there is a little container of sesame seeds that you can crush up and mix with katsu sauce to make a very savory and rich dipping sauce for your katsu. It is delicious. Get it ready, because you're going to have some of the best katsu you've ever had.Our dish of pork was served with a high pile of shredded cabbage (?), some rice, and a dressing for the cabbage. The pork itself was breaded and cooked absolutely perfectly. Seriously. The pork was extremely tender and juicy. The crunch on the outside was perfect because it wasn't too hard, or too greasy. Just right. I couldn't believe I was actually enjoying it.I couldn't give a bigger endorsement than that. Give them a try.
5	best tonkatsu in towncute place and great serviceI will go back again for sure
4	My boyfriend and I went for dinner last night and the food was great!  I had the curry katsu and my boyfriend had the salmon and shrimp katsu.  The tonkatsu itself was perfectly cooked, not dry and not oily.  The curry was also really good, it didn't taste like a reheated mix version.  I also got the Japanese potato salad which was really delicious!  We will definitely go back again!
5	THE ART OF TONKATSUA few of the reviews have references of old country tonkatsu mastery and hometown expectations. I'm uneducated when it comes to the history and deconstruction of a tonkatsu.  I only followed what the table of overseas Japanese did for their tonkatsu. They grounded the sesame seeds and added the house made slightly sweet tonkatsu sauce. Who knows if I had mixed the grounded sesame and sauce in the proper bowl. Yes, the ambiance is minimus Japanese with no hint of 808 origin except when Mike spoke to us and asked what we thought of his tonkatsu and provided a little bit of the history of the restaurant.  He had mentioned that we were sitting in the original Rice Trax that's now further up the street and how it took a little more than a year of searching to decide on this location. So Hawaiian follows Hawaiian.  But that's where the similarity stops.I've tried many of LAS Japanese, Korean, Hawaiian and Chinese so called tonkatsu hotspots and as for comparison Tonkatsu Kiyoshi simply runs away with top honors.From the scent of the freshly grounded sesame seeds, slightly sweet flavor of tonkatsu sauce, presentation of our meal on a tray, skill of preparation, consistency of light greaseless crust encasing the very eveningly cooked moist pork and huge tiger prawns, finely shaved cabbage salad with dressing, pickled scallion, dab of yellow mustard, slice of lemon and fresh bowl of steamy rice, I was most impressed from the very first bite and all the way to the satisfying last bite. I took no prisoners in the process.I have only high praises for this restaurant that feeds me great tasting tonkatsu in my own backyard.
5	This place is delicious! You can mix their tonkatsu with as many sesame seeds as you want. I ordered the Katsu donburi. They brought out a huge bowl of rice, egg and pork tonkatsu. It even comes with miso soup! The miso soup even has a rich taste. The bowl is very filling as well. They even check up on us on how the food was. I'm definitely coming back here!
5	This is one of my favorite places we've discovered since moving to Las Vegas. The Katsu Curry is the perfect meal for a chilly day. And Las Vegas has been really chilly lately! It's a generous portion of beautifully fried (Yes, Japanese food can be beautiful even if it's fried. Educate yourself and rent these movies - Jiro Dreams of Sushi, The Ramen Girl, and Tampopo) pork tenderloin with a delicious curry sauce with chunks of potato and carrot over white rice. You also get a bowl of miso soup. It's the perfect hearty meal that will warm you up and leave your tummy so satisfied. If my tummy could talk it would tell me how happy it is. Having traveled to Japan twice and eating my way through the country, I'll vouch that the Katsu Curry is just like in Japan. It's one of those menu items that is so good that you order it every time. One of these days I'll have to force myself to try something else on the menu to mix it up. The service is very nice and the restaurant is very clean and neat. The times we've been there, we noticed Japanese patrons - always a good sign at a Japanese restaurant! They have highchairs for the kiddies. They have Calpico on their beverage menu which is fun. It's a popular Japanese soft drink. Want to finish off your meal with something sweet? Get a scoop of red bean or green tea ice cream for dessert. I LOVE this place and it is a perfect 5 stars for me.For those of you from NYC, I think the Katsu Curry here is way better than at Curry-Ya on East 10th Street.
5	Hey now! KATSU CURE! I have been around the world this place is worth the visit ask the staff how to make your sesame seed sauce if it's your first time KATSUING! This is NOT a sushi bar. My Thai wife and  2 yr old had the Katsu specials pork, chicken and shrimp. YUM!  Heads-up they do have a counter for single seating and I think a total of 6 or 7 tables. We will be back for sure.  **No beer yet coming soon aka Clark County Government Delay!!
5	This place is super cute! Very authentic feel. I had the tonkatsu donburi, soooo good! The meat was fried perfectly so there was a nice crunch but still very juicy inside. The egg and rice was also very tasty. I like how it came with a couple shisito peppers too. The option to make your own sauce is interesting and appreciated. Will defiantly be back when I'm craving some good katsu!
5	I am so happy I stumbled upon Tonkatsu Kiyoshi today!  I live in Los Angeles, and with all the Japanese who live there,  we have no restaurants that serve just tonkatsu.  This is hands down the best tonkatsu I have eaten in my life!The pork, chicken, and shrimp are perfectly cooked. The breading is perfectly fried and crispy, not greasy at all.  Every table has a condiment tray with two mini mortars and pestles in which you grind white sesame seeds and add tonkatsu sauce.  What a perfect touch!  They even give you rakkyo (pickled scallions) with your dish.  Very authentic.  The miso soup was delicious, too.  The finely shaved mountain of cabbage with a light and delicate yuzu (Japanese citrus) dressing is a perfect accompaniment to the meat.If you have room, try one of the homemade desserts, beautifully prepared by Kiyoshi's wife.  Today, I had the raspberry yuzu panecotta, and it was the bomb!In addition to delicious food, the restaurant is decorated with homey Japanese touches that make it a very comfortable place to enjoy one of the tastiest comfort foods of Japan--warm woods, good luck cats, and homey framed artwork.This is the perfect example of a restaurant that has chosen one dish to excel in.  Small menu with every choice a winner.  The piece de la resistance?  A friendly proprietor and excellent service!  Now if only Kiyoshi would open an L.A. outpost!
4	Their Katsu are thick cut and just about right coated! Their white rice is cooked to the perfection and their miso soup is just as delicious! Best part when you are dining is grinding your own  sesame seeds to the mix of the katsu sauce!
5	Verdict: Best Katsu in Vegas. Hands down. Not only are the cuts of meat made up of actual meat (as opposed to the other places that over-bread), but it's cooked to a masterful crispy-brown perfection each and every time.I also enjoyed having the ability of creating my own sauce, which to my surprise, wasn't such a hard thing to "get right". The miso soup was a warm and very welcome addition to the meal, and the cabbage salad was cool and refreshing with every mouthful of food I inhaled. I will definitely be coming back when my next Katsu craving comes around!
5	By far BEST KATSU in Vegas! These guys pretty much do one thing and that one thing is amazing!
5	Clean rest, quick service, good prices and the curry is so good. The Tonkatsu was crunchy but not greasy at all.
5	The food is very good. I ordered pork curry, it is very crispy, and it's better than any pork curry that I have had in LA. I am so surprised. I hope they can one in LA. It gonna be very popular. And the price is very reasonable.
5	Katsu curry is BOmB! The proteins are fried to perfection not super greasy like other places. Curry is delicious just as good as the Curry House in Hawaii.  Definitely my go to place for katsu from now on.
5	My sister and I were debating between restaurants and finally settled on Tonkatsu Kiyoshi. We took a little long in deciding and ended up arriving at 9:55- they close at 10. I really didn't want to be THAT jerk, but I was so set on katsu at this point that I poked my head in and asked if they were still open and they graciously gave us a table. The owners here are from Hawaii and the service definitely reflects that- genuine, helpful, and you can tell they take pride in what they're putting out.The potato salad we started with was more vinegary than I'm used to for Japanese style, but delicious nonetheless. It was smooth with cubes of crisp apple and cucumber throughout, and distinctly eggy from the shredded egg lacing through it.The katsu was a work of art, truly. Perfectly cooked cal rose rice with crispy golden sliced katsu over the top. My sister had the chicken and ebi combo while I opted for the katsu curry. Miso soup comes with all meals here, and it was definitely a robust version. The chicken and shrimp came with cabbage salad with Yuzu to dress it on the side, as well as some pickled shallots. The cabbage salad was a perfect fresh compliment to the crunchy fried katsu goodness. Everything was cooked perfectly and the shrimp were gigantic and absolutely incredible! The menu stated that they use black tiger prawns and they weren't kidding.The katsu curry was very flavorful and the curry itself was thick and could stand up on its own. This dish came simply with pickled ginger and was enormous! All portions here are enough to make two meals out of, unless the katsu is so overwhemingly addicting that you just eat until you pseudo-hate yourself.Being that it was my first time here, I was a noob to the whole sauce bit. I've never ground my own sesame for katsu sauce, it's just always arrived with my meal! The waitress saw me and came over to explain how it worked and got it started for me. She also had to open my bottle of Ramune for me =( A+ for service, but next time I come in I'll be pro!
5	We were in a rush and had a craving for Katsu.  WOW!  Best Katsu in town.  We have been here for 25 years and this is it.  We always had a complaint about something about the Katsu when we have eaten out at different locations. This is the first time we walked out saying that was really good.  Nice size portions for the price.      I have to admit that it was better then my mother in law's, who has been cooking Katsu since her days in Japan and Hawaii.  Loved the potato salad and shishito peppers.   Great service, very friendly staff, and food arrived quickly.  Highly recommend this place!
5	If you want katsu this.is the place to eat..you can taste the difference from l&l katsu..plus you get to make your own sauce where you mix katsu sauce with sesame seeds..I will also say that the shrimp katsu is bomb the shrimp are tiger prawns so they are nice and big but they cook it just right..all I can hope for is that this place stays consistent
5	Wow!  I never expected to have a very-close-to-the-real-thing-in-Japan tonkatsu in LV!  I made a special trip from the north and am so glad I did :). Definitely going to be on my top list of restaurants in LV.
4	this place is great. After coming here a couple of times, I decided this is the local mom and pop restaurant that i'm fully supporting. The katsu is very good. The katsudon and the japanese katsu curry is even better. The prices are also very reasonable. Being able to make your own katsu sauce is something i haven't done anywhere else. Definitely will be coming back to this place over and over. If they ever add a tv, and get their liquor license, I might be there every night!
5	This place was a very pleasant surprise for the first week of classes: great atmosphere, amazing food, huge portions, and cheap prices. The people are very friendly too - give a good tip!
5	Yelp...you never seem to fail me! Another great food adventure on behalf of yelpers. Hubs and I both ordered the Tonkatsu sandwich, which comes with a nice side of Japanese potato salad (didn't know there was such a thing), and a bowl of miso soup. Little man (4 y.o.) had the karaage chicken.Service was fast and nondescript. Each guest gets a mortar and pestle to grind up sesame seeds for their katsu sauce - gave us something to do while we waited for our food and was a fun activity for little man.The Tonkatsu sandwiches...huge, tender, and just the right amount of crispness. Japanese potato salad...pretty tasty, coming from someone that doesn't like apples (has small chunks in the potato salad). And yes, weird I'm not a fan of apples. Good miso soup, nice flavor and didn't seem like it came from instant miso packets; seemed like the same quality you get at sushi restaurants. Karaage chicken...not as tasty, but this is in comparison to the tasty as heck Tonkatsu. Little man seemed to like it though, basic enough to order for kids. If your little one is a picky eater, just ask that they put the chicken on a separate plate because the order usually comes with a little salad and places the chicken on a bed of cabbage. The actual katsu entree portions looked huge, so next time I'll probably just share an entree with little man. I could barely get thru the sandwich! We'll be back!!
5	Awesome all around, food and service is on point!!! I had the katsu curry and it was the best I found in vegas yet!!! I will definitely be back again, and I only live up the road...
5	This was a great hole-in-the-wall that we found from a co-worker recommendation.Breaded fried pork cutlet sounds delicious to begin with, but I was not prepared for how well Tonkatsu Kiyoshi executed on the dish and at such value! You get two big pork cutlets with a standard order. They are fork-tender and served on a little rack to prevent sogginess and ensure maximum crispiness! They also offer a combo plate for a couple bucks more which comes with 2 cutlets plus 2 giant crispy, tender shrimp. And did I mention that every main course comes with miso soup and white rice as well? I really enjoyed the tonkatsu & japanese curry, which adds a nice mild spice to the dish.A unique part of the meal is the grind-you-own sesame seeds for the "bbq" sauce. The sesame seeds mellow out the flavor of the sauce, which starts out a bit tangy like A1 + BBQ Sauce + Worcestershire Sauce. As you customize the flavor to your liking, it's fun to have different people at the table all tweak their sauces differently then share and compare.On a final note, they have a nice selection of appetizers in the $3-6 range and authentic Japanese tea (Asahi beer coming soon!). 2 people, 2 apps, 2 drinks, the 2 biggest entrees, and 2 full & happy customers came to $40. Fast and attentive service and unbelievable food has put this restaurant on my "must visit" list. I've already recommended it to everybody that I know!
5	I love this place!! I have been here several times with my family and they recognize us now.  Hubs always orders the Katsu Donburi and I usually get the hire katsu (pork).  I haven't tried the curry yet (I am surprised).  Their katsu is so crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.  The sides that come with it are yummy, too.  I hope this place stays around for a long time.
4	When I was in Asia I was a little obsessed with this katsu house and ate there once a week with my mom. It made me think that I didn't know where exceptional katsu was and behold - I came home and this was newly opened! Wishes answered! The BF and I got the Hire (pork tenderloin) and the Rosu (thick cut pork loin) to compare the two tonkatsu offerings. We both liked the hire better which is thinner sliced, a bit more tender and had more crunch to meat ratio. The rosu is good if you like a meatier, pork chop type cut. If pork isn't your thing, they have seafood and chicken katsu offerings.Each meal comes with thin shaved cabbage with a refreshing yuzu dressing, lovely sticky rice, rakkyo pickles, and a stronger than average miso soup. It makes for a simple and comforting meal. I thought the portions were good as we were both comfortably full. Your katsu sauce is a interactive type thing. You grind your sesame seeds and mix with the katsu sauce to your liking from a tray on your table. I don't know if it is homemade sauce, but I thought it was balanced flavor. Service was friendly and decent. There was chatter of Japanese patrons enjoying their meal which was comforting. It definitely is one of the better katsu to be had in this city, quite on par with some favorites I have outside of Vegas. Most definitely will be back!
5	Their katsu is the best i've ever had, so juicy and tender. Service never let me down, very friendly and everything comes out fresh and hot.
5	Hire katsu are just delicious! Juicy pork and not overly cooked like most japanese restaurant. Love the fact you can grind your own sesame seeds with the tonkatsu sauce. Very authentic way to serve! Also have to try their curry. Pork cutlet with the curry is just the perfect combination.
5	The absolute perfect lunch. After making sure I was totally aware of what Katsu is we ordered the Black Tiger Shrimp Katsu. This followed delicious Edaname, a awesome Crab Cucumber Salad and a delightful little fried pepper appetizer. The Katsu platter arrived to our amazement it was BEAUTIFUL and the shrimp were amazing! Very fresh and not greasy plus the fresh cabbage accompaniment with steamed rice and pickled scallions were refreshing and unique. Katsu is a hand breaded choice of pork (the specialty), chicken or shrimp. I forgot to mention it also arrived with a phenomenal miso soup that if a fan this one rocked! Excellent service and a delightful owner,Mark, with years in hospitality makes this neighborhood restaurant my top Vegas choice to date! We are huge foodies and visit for 1-2 weeks each year- value $25 for everything mentioned with bottled water and quality make this restaurant a real winner!
4	Being Japanese I have a natural craving to eat amazing Japanese food! It's rare to find something so good that rivals even the best in Japan! But I must say this tonkastu is one of the best I've had in a long time! The Hire Katsu (thinner cut of pork) and Rosu Kastu (thicker cut of pork) are both prepared perfectly with just the right amount of panko breading and very tender.If it's your first time visiting this place, I would recommend the Hire over the Rosu Katsu as most of you will probably enjoy a thinner pork cut. The shrimp Kastu is a must! I wouldn't be suprised if these were more tiger prawns than typical jumbo shrimp as they are huge! Good thing they have a Hire & Shrimp Katsu combo ($15.00).  As far as the Chicken Katsu goes, I'd give it a 3.5/5 so I wouldn't recommend trying this on your first trip. All in all, I give this place a 4/5. Amazing Kastu but it's can be a bit pricey. Happy Eating Folks!
5	The absolute perfect lunch. After making sure I was totally aware of what Katsu is we ordered the Black Tiger Shrimp Katsu. This followed delicious Edaname, a awesome Crab Cucumber Salad and a delightful little fried pepper appetizer. The Katsu platter arrived to our amazement it was BEAUTIFUL and the shrimp were amazing! Very fresh and not greasy plus the fresh cabbage accompaniment with steamed rice and pickled scallions were refreshing and unique. Katsu is a hand breaded choice of pork (the specialty), chicken or shrimp. I forgot to mention it also arrived with a phenomenal miso soup that if a fan this one rocked! Excellent service and a delightful owner,Mark, with years in hospitality makes this neighborhood restaurant my top Vegas choice to date! We are huge foodies and visit for 1-2 weeks each year- value $25 for everything mentioned with bottled water and quality make this restaurant a real winner!
5	This place serves the best tonkatsu and chicken katsu we've ever had to date and we've had plenty.  At first glance, prices seems a bit high for just katsu.  However, once you get your first bite you'll get why.  The other standout thing about Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is that you can make your own katsu sauce.  Put the sesame in the rough bowl and grind away using the pestle.  Scoop the base into smooth bowl, pour the ground sesame, and stir.  Season to taste.  Simply awesome!
5	The best Pork Katsu I've ever had!!!  My daughter had the Chicken which was good, but not as good as the Hire Pork Loin Katsu!!  I already wanna go back for more!
5	So I found this little gem of a place in the south west part of town. I love the ambiance, and most importantly i love their tonkatsu! I have not tried the curry one yet because i always order the same think, either chicken or pork tonkatsu!. The breading is light and crunchy and not greasy at all! I love how they plate the food and i love how you get to grind your own sesame seeds and mix it with the tonkatsu sauce, add a little lemon to it and it is absolutely divine! I am not big on cabbage that gets served with it, so they actually let me customize my order and exchange for more rice instead! Customer service is good, i think its because the owner tries to make it a point to always greet their customers coming and going, only one comment though, the single server that is working the shift kind of moves too slow and fails to acknowledge you if you need anything else, but hey that was only one time. Also the only thing that irks me a little is that they open your can of soda and pour it in a glass for you, which is just not my preference, but hey i wont let that spoil my party! I definitely will go back to this place, it is definitely worth the drive just so i can taste the best tonkatsu in las vegas! And as a cherry on top, prices are reasonable as well!
5	This is the definitely the best Tonkatsu in Vegas.  Don't order a Tonkatsu at your neighborhood AYCE sushi spot and if you do then after you eat this you will never go back.   The cutlet is crisp, juicy, cooked perfectly, highly addictive, and will fill your tummy.  I like to either get the Pork/Ebi Shrimp combo or the Donburi.  For the Donburi you can switch out with the Hire or the Rosu or you can get chicken.  I try to always get pork since that is their logo ya know....Not a fan of their beef tataki - if you want that go down the street to Soho.  But when it comes to Tonkatsu there's currently no other place in vegas that comes close and this place just happens to be down the street from me so i'll be a regular!
5	Came over at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi recommended by Family, the place is a hole in the wall, however the place is definitely a Gem. the Restaurant is really clean and only serve tonkatsu. Since they only serve tonkatsu, they do this really well.We have  only tried Hawaiian style tonkatsu but this place has a different take on their tonkatsu, they serve it with grounded sesame seed with tonkatsu sauce, the cabbage that comes along with tongkatsu is splendid, its a nice pairing of deep fried meats and salad with ginger miso dressing. This place is definitely   must try.
5	OH MY GOD THE SHRIMP. That's all I can say to sum up this meal.Okay fine, it wasn't just the shrimp that made this meal a 5-star experience. It was everything in between. From the melon float (reminds me of a childhood staple drink back home that I couldn't exactly pinpoint) but it was sooo damn good.To the "self-made" katsu sauce with the pounded sesame seeds. To the ginger sauce that made my "non-vegetable-eating" girlfriend devour the whole salad that came with her meal.Down to the little rack that the breaded pig and shrimp rested on while waiting to be ingested. EVERYTHING. Oh yeah, I ate the rack too. Hahaha JK. Come eat here if you haven't. Now, really 'nuff said.
5	Try this place now! If you are in the south part of Vegas south of the 215, this is a great place to stop and try.  We drove out here to try it out from Henderson and it was totally worth it. As usual, I read reviews before trying this place out / driving 15 miles and the reviews of Rod U, Lawrence C and Jennifer D caused me to be quite ready for this evening's quest.a. Normally - I am normally getting Tonkatsu or Chicken Katsu from a place like L and L Hawaiian.  Oddly, there was an L and L a few blocks away from this place.  While I find it extremely convenient to get it from L and L, I also know it is like me getting chow mein or fried rice at Panda.  Edible, comforting, but just not the same.  Here at TK, this is the real deal in Tonkatsu.b.  Ahhh Curry - There are a few pleasures in foodie life and Japanese Curry is one of them. I love all types of curry, = Thai, Indian, Chinese, Japanese.  From the hottest to the mildest.  However, I find that the Japanese Curry like what they have here is simply the best. If you like mild curry over rice with carrots and potatoes, this is it.c.  Miso Soup - I pretty much always have miso paste at home and make plenty of variations of miso soup from hearty vegetables soup to your basic miso.  I consider myself a Miso fan and the miso here is pretty darn good. Finished mine and most of my wives.  Yep, and I slurped it all without using a spoon.  Just slurped away and used the chopsticks.  Now, while I am not Japanese, I find that eating the soup like they do in Japan, by putting your mouth to the bowl and drinking, using the chopsticks for the bits you cannot swaggle down is a great way to enjoy the soup. Here the soup was just right. Be sure to chuggle it down while it is hot. I also keep getting spell check warnings here, so I am sure swaggle and chuggle are not words but that is what comes to mind with this Miso Soup.d.  The TK Sauce - What am I to do with the sesame seed and the tonkatsu sauce, mortar and pestle?  See, I have been trained to eat tonkatsu at L and L and am used to having the sauce in a little plastic takeaway thingamajig.  Here you get to pour out a good spoonful or so of sesame seed, and use the pestle to grind down the seeds to mix it with the sauce.  That was fun and since I did not have a clue, I had to ask the waitress how on rudimentary tonkatsu sauce preparation.  I am so glad I did, i love learning about foods and processes and tradition. And, this was FUN!e.  What to order - I was totally befuddled in what to order. While my wife ordered the "Hire" tonkatsu, I was stuck between the Hire,, the Ebi and the Curry. Reading the reviews and all, I wanted to try them all.  So, I asked the waitress, what to do what to do.  See, there relatively small but perfect menu did not have this combo on it.  So she said, order the Hire, Ebi, Curry combo.  Yep, they said they could put that together no problem!  That was cool.Hire Katsu - Plenty big portion and very tender and crispy, light and delicate.  I really enjoyed it, okay, compared to my norm and limited experience.Miso Soup, Shaved Cabbage, Scallion and a sauce for the cabbage round out this dish. All was just right. I could have ate a bunch more of the pickled scallion, Rakkyo, they give you.Curry - The plate was in a yin yang fashion with Japanese rice on the yin and the curry on the yang.  Then, a bit of Hire Katsu and Ebi Katsu on the rice.  If you are ancient like I am, it was like that old tootsie pop commercial where the kid is trying to find out how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop.  (See this youtube if you are too young).  Anyhoo,  I was pretty darn anxious to get to the curry and rice so I am not sure but I did a David Copperfield on the Ebi and Hire Katsu and they disappeared quickly. Then I got to the curry and rice.  I have not been eating white rice for a long time and here I made an exception because this was like the best ono thing to do!Hot Tea - I ordered hot tea and got an ever filling cup of ocha, that was pretty darn good.  Could have been a bit hotter, but it was full of flavor.f.  How about that service - Now, the last place I was at, was Bachi Burger for the wifey's birthday and well, the service from the maitre'd, shift manager and server was absolutely horrendous, I can tell you that the service here is the exact opposite!  WE have very attentive service, from the host, the waitress, to the big guy checking on us.  I mean, I felt like I was at a five star dining service or flying first class on Singapore Airlines.  It was just right. In the end, we were so happy with the food, the service, the experience, we actually ordered two more dishes for take out. We are thinking about sharing this with the kids who were out with friends while we were basking in the glories of tonkatsu delight.Three - That is how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop!
4	Took my aunt and uncle from Hawaii to dinner here last week. Everything was delicious! The portions were pretty big and the staff was super attentive. Next time I will be trying the Japanese potato salad.
2	The LV Weekly makes this place sound like the King of Katsus, quite the contrary. The misled critique of flavorful and delicious cutlets from the LV Weekly now loss my confidence of their weekly recommendations.Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is located in a desolate shopping center, but has an impressive decor.  Service is lacking expertise or help. The presentation is excellent, but the meals lack flavor and balance except for the miso soup, salad dressing, and pickled onions. The ebi fry(shrimp fried) was ordinary in taste, but huge and beautiful. The Tonkatsu(fried pork cutlet) lacked flavor and one slice of my order was not fully cooked leaving me the taste of blood that I saw on the only piece i didn't consume.The side of curry was interesting in taste, but too salty or not balanced in flavor. The chicken karaage was pretty, but it tasted ordinary. The pickled onion and salad with ginger dressing was excellent, but the gohan(rice) didn't taste like the silky pearls of Japan. The japanese potato salad was okay. The miso soup was again soothing to the meal.I frequent Japan every month and I will not return here because it makes me yearn for the truely flavorful Katsus in taste and balance even more and I don't need the tonkatsu sauce when I eat it.
5	Generous portion, friendly waiters, clean dining room (semi open kitchen I guess?) and authentic Katsu!! Menu is small but they do it RIGHT! Thank you for choosing the location so close to my house, now I will never want to move. Good job!
5	Best Katsu in Vegas. and its right by my house! win win!
4	Placed an order for pick up. Very tasty pork cutlet. One of the best katsu I have ever had.
5	Recommended: Any of the katsus, shishito peppers, chicken karaageEasily the best katsu in town.
4	Great place! Love the Katsu. Never been a fan of the apps or dessert, but always a solid choice as far as entrees go. Definitely worth checking out if you're a katsu fan.
5	Small, friendly, clean and beyond delicious.  The chicken katsu with curry is definitely a MUST TRY! generous portions and super flavorful. The location is accessible and great for groups. Prices are very reasonable and the service is on point. Family owned and operated and they truly show their passion in their presentation. When we are in town we will be back for sure.
5	Omg!  Their curry is the bomb!  The katsu rocks.  Their sauces are homemade and delicious.
5	That this less-than-six-month-old restaurant has over 100 awesome yelp reviews tells you everything you need to know.  This place is a gem.  Even though it's not in Japan and in a newish strip mall in the Las Vegas area, this place reminded me of my time living in Japan. They specialize in Japanese panko-covered fried food, and they do it very well.  Their food is fresh and homemade.  And it's very reasonable.We tried the pork hire-katsu, chicken katsu, katsukare (pork with curry sauce), chicken kara-age, Japanese potato salad, crab and cucumber salad, and shishito peppers.  All excellent.The owners are terrific too and are worth supporting.Since we escaped the overpriced halls of Mandalay Bay to come to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, based on the strength of the Yelp reviews, we couldn't have been more satisfied with our meal.  Whether you are local or a tourist, get thee to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi.PS We loved this place so much that we went twice!
1	You know how they say don't knock it until you try it. Well they also say trust your gut instinct, first intuition,  or something like that. I was excited when I first noticed that Tonkatsu Kiyoshi was opening up. I wasn't so excited when I saw their menu and prices online and had no desire to go. One day I was driving around and craved something katsu, with so many options for katsu I decided to finally give these guys a shot since most reviews sounded like I was losing out on something good. After entering I squinted my eyes and saw a nicer looking Rice Trax, the business this location was previously known for. And took a seat at the counter and started to really look at the menu, still very pricey for katsu. I dunno I had the pork katsu with eggs and rice. It was by far the worst things I've ever eaten. I couldn't finish half the little bowl and actually vomited it out when I went back to work. It tasted spoiled or just had a very different taste than what I'd expected, it was funny tasting. Probably the only positive things I liked about the place nicely presented decorations on the table. You're suppose to grind up sesame seeds and add sauce to make your own katsu sauce which was interesting. I had to ask what's that cause I dont eat at katsu houses, I'm sure I wasn't the only one. A little more customer service would be nice, I really felt like they just wanted my money. Surprisingly they're from Hawaii. When I was done I walked to the door, paused, waited a second for a thank you that didn't come, and left, removing another bookmark for a business I'd never be back to anytime soon.Maybe it was a bad day!?
5	I had meetings in Las Vegas all day and was about to fly back out. We had time to stop for something to eat, and picked this place. What a great choice. The curry was awesome. The appetizers were great. They were helpful and friendly. I'd love to go back and eat there again. I had a chicken and shrimp dish, and it was great. My parents had different items, (I sampled) they were good. Brother had the curry, that was so good.Give this place a try, you won't be sorry. Wonderful food.
5	I am no expert in Katsu or Japanese food for the most part. But I can recognize great cuisine when it hits my taste buds. This place Tonkatsu Kiyoshi definitely has something good going. I have been here multiple times since they have opened and each time I enjoy something a little different. I have had Curry Katsu, which is nice portion of steam white rice, curry sauce, and of course the pork tenderloin Katsu. It is always cooked perfectly and the portions are large. I have also had the Salmon and Shrimp Katsu, Chicken Katsu, and Thick cut pork Katsu. All done and cooked masterfully with the right amount of crispiness on the outside and juiciness still retained in the meat. The appetizers also very delectable and not too over sized, which I personally like. Need I say more about this place and its food. Moving onto the service, service here is always fast, friendly, they strive to make you feel welcome and its a very laid back and cozy place. 5/5- Arnold
5	**Summary**       - Meals - The meals come with rice, miso soup, cabbage, & pickled pearl onions. The rice & cabbage are unlimited. You just have to ask them for more.       - Preference - I prefer either the Hire (3 pieces of pork) or Tori (chicken) Katsu. The Hire for when I'm hungry & the Tori for when I'm not as hungry. I like my katsu crust crisp and these two dishes provide that.       - Picked pearl onions - A pallet cleanser. Never had it anywhere else, but it was pretty good. It's like a mild onion soaked in sweetness.       - Sauce - At the table there are two containers. Sesame seeds & katsu sauce. They give you a mortar & pestle. Traditionally, you'll take the sesame seeds, crush them with the pestle, and pour the katsu sauce over it and mix. Very authentic.       - Cabbage - The shredded cabbage is given with a Japanese vinaigrette on the side. I usually like ordering a side of Curry so I can pour that over the cabbage and eat it with that. I don't like the sour taste of the dressing as much.**Ordered**       - $12 Hire Katsu Dinner - 3 Pieces of pork katsu. Perfectly breaded. Crispy & delicious. A hungry man's meal.       - $10 Rosu Katsu Dinner - 1 Larger piece of pork katsu that's a bit bigger and oilier.  The oils also make the bottom of the katsu a bit soggy. I preferred the Hire.       - $8 Tori Katsu Dinner - Chicken katsu. Pretty good for a pork alternative.       - $15 Hire Katsu & Shrimp Katsu Dinner - 2 pieces of pork katsu and 2 huge breaded tiger prawns.        - $12 Katsu Donburi - Caramelized onions & egg on top of pork katsu. The egg & onions makes the breaded katsu crust soggy. I think this defeats the purpose of katsu. The added flavor is not worth this trade-off.       - $12 Katsu Curry - The curry makes the katsu crust soggy. I don't really like that.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice local Katsu place. They only serve Katsu, but they serve it well!
4	Been here a couple times and this place never disappoints!!  Small family owned business that caters to their customers.  Food here is great.  Can't go wrong with Shishito Peppers to start out your meal.  Starving?  Go for the combination of Hire (perfectly breaded crispy pork breasts) and Shrimp (colossal tiger prawns) Katsu Dinner.  For fifteen bucks, the meal comes with rice, miso soup, salad, and pickled pearl onions... definitely worth it.  Dope how their customers also get to grind their own sesame seeds to add for the sauce. Got to try Katsu Curry last time I was here.  Flavor wasn't bad but there are better ones elsewhere.  Make sure to get extra ginger on the side if you do end up getting it though.Overall, Tonkatsu Kyoshi is one of the better katsu houses in the valley.  Seating is quite limited so there could be a wait.  Nonetheless, delicious food and great service.  Can't wait for this restaurant to start serving booze since there's nothing better than eating great katsu with a large glass of ice cold beer!!
5	I mean, everyone else has said what I wanted to say - amazing food, great service, friendly owner, and the combo dinner with the hire and shrimp katsu couldn't be better.  The only better katsu place I can think of is in Tokyo, next to the ANA Intercontinental Hotel.
5	the food is always good here. the Tonkatsu is good. I really love it.
4	YUM. I first came here quite awhile ago and didn't eat - just had a few nibbles of my friends food, the Tonkatsu Donburi - I've been dreaming of it ever since. And i'm not even a Tonkatsu fan but I really liked this! Today we had a late lunch and we both ordered the Tonkatsu Donburi and ordered the combo Chicken and Shrimp plate for Hunnie Bunnie, The combo plate is LARGE! and is accompanied by a bowl of Miso soup and White Rice. The Tonkatsu Donburi bowl has a large portion of rice and a thick cut of pork, nicely breaded with good flavor and egg and onions plus two Shishito peppers - my fave! I guess I just LOVE pork cuz I totally LOVE this dish! It was A LOT of food too so I totally have leftovers. We also had a full order of Shishito peppers - I could eat these all day, ALL DAY! An order of Edamame for Hunnie Bunnie and an order of the Cold Tofu which was surprisingly good because I usually don't like cold tofu. This is a small restaurant with some awesome Katsu!
4	Tried the place for the first time yesterday. Katsu itself was great!!! Very similar to the ones I've tried in Japan, I am really excited that this place is well within my side of town. However, the place is very small. It seats 6 parties, and they have a bar that can accommodate probably 3 guests. So, I was glad we came on a Tuesday! Another thing is their sodas come in cans. This made my husband almost lose his cool. $1.25 for a can of soda is very un-American for a restaurant. If the soda machine is broken or if you don't have one, I think the customer should know beforehand. Lastly, our server yesterday was very unhappy. She just looked like she wasn't pleased to be working there. Anyway, we will definitely be coming back here. Personally, to order the same katsu and curry rice combo. We'll probably just get water too ;)
5	Wow--this place is the real deal!!  We decided to go and check this place out during our vacation in Vegas (we're from Honolulu, HI) when I saw all the awesome reviews on Yelp and the pictures of what appeared to be authentic Japanese-style tonkatsu!  What makes it look authentic, you say? Well, they use the little wire strainers on the plate under the katsu to keep the food from soaking in any excess oil that may remain after frying, keeping the katsu crunchy and tasty!  After studying the menu, noticing how reasonable the prices were for authentic katsu and getting a thumbs up from my wife, we went for lunch.  Upon arriving, we figured the place must have opened recently, since it still had a huge "NOW OPEN!" banner hanging above the restaurant 's name over the front door.  We entered and saw it was not a very large place--maybe six tables that can seat 4-6 each and a counter that can serve another six customers.  It was, however, very clean and authentic looking with the lacquer dishes, numerous decorations and Japanese kanji characters abound.  A large man behind the counter greeted us with the familiar Japanese welcome phrase, "Irashaimase!"  After grabbing a few items, he then made his way to our table, served us some ice water and handed us menus. My wife ordered the chicken and shrimp katsu combination dinner, while I chose to have the beef tataki appetizer and hire katsu dinner.  After placing the order with the kitchen, he came back and showed us how to make our own katsu sauce by grinding up the sesame seeds in the special grinding bowl using a wooden stick, which we already knew how to do because we experienced it in Japan two years ago.  After making our katsu sauce, the beef tataki arrived, and man was it delicious!  Well-marbled beef is seared slightly on the outside, thinly sliced then served rare on a bed of finely grated daikon and a shiso leaf, accompanied with ponzu sauce for dipping--I was in beef-lovers heaven!  While enjoying my appetizer, we found out that our server was none other than owner Kiyoshi, who learned the ropes about tonkatsu and Japanese cuisine from his grandmother while he was growing up in Japan as a boy.  He had also gained invaluable experience about Las Vegas and the food scene there through his nine years of experience working at Bellagio, but decided a few years ago he wanted to branch out and own his own place.  After some discussion with his investment partners, they decided to open Tonkatsu Kiyoshi in November, 2013 at its present location, and he said he is pleased with how things are going for the restaurant for the six months since.  A few moments later, our dinners (lunches?) arrived, and they were fantastic!  Each dinner was accompanied with miso soup, savory and full of pieces of tofu and seaweed--warm and delicious!  Also served with our dinner was a hot bowl of white rice, shredded cabbage and rakkyo--little pickled onions that are tart and lip-smacking yummy!  The cabbage was accompanied with an oriental salad dressing, while my wife's shrimp katsu also had a separate sauce.  The tonkatsu I ordered was awesome--the panko crust nicely browned, not at all oily and nicely crisp, and it paired really well with the katsu sauce we concocted earlier.  My wife's shrimp katsu was crunchy, tasty, made with very fresh shrimp and also paired well with the special sauce Kiyoshi brought for it.  Her chicken katsu was tender and moist, not firm like the tonkatsu I was having, but just as delicious.  I am already home in Honolulu now, but drooling just thinking about our wonderful katsu meal at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi and very much looking forward to visiting there again next time I'm in Las Vegas!
5	I just found this place yesterday. I love Kiyoshi's Tonkatsu! Its real japanese style's Tonkatsu. I hope that they have sesame dressing instead of Giner dressing. Ginger flavor was a little bit strong. Overall, perfect!
3	Looking for authentic Japanese Tonkatsu this is the place to come..  check it out xoxox
4	Finally decided to try this place. It's right behind where I live. It's located in a strip mall right next to a smoke shop and dry cleaners (I think?). Couple things I noticed about this place... First, it's deep on the south side of town. It doesn't bother me as much since this is my neighborhood. However, if this place seeks to be a busy business, it's a far reach. Second, if it wasn't for word of mouth and a flyer, I probably wouldn't have found this place. It's literally hidden. The strip mall itself is brand new and it's located in a residential area. The place itself is small for a restaurant but it's cozy. Now... For the food... I'm a fan of Katsu dishes. For the price that you pay on this joint, it's pretty loaded. You get a decent amount of food for your order. It comes with Miso soup as well. I was lucky to have met the owner during my visit and he was very accommodating (asking if it's your first time and what not), introduces you to the menu and lays you the details. As soon as your order is taken, you have the chance to make your own Katsu dressing. They have all the ingredients laid out on a small tray on every table. This allows you to set your own sauce for your liking. I forgot the name of the dish I ordered but it came with shrimp tempura and the Katsu itself, paired with rice, cabbage and Miso soup. I'm a very simple guy when it comes to taste. I believe my dish was served well. The amount of breading used wasn't overboard either. Seasoning is just right and not too salty. Unfortunately, i went here on a Monday night and I was the only one eating. It made the experience a little awkward since everyone was pretty much just staring at me while I pig out. I would definitely give this place another go. It's the type of joint you won't go to as much considering the prices of their food but it's a thumbs up in my book. The place has potential. It just needs to market itself more due to its location. Hopefully, it will pick up business when the sports bar next door opens.
5	I love their chicken katsu (so juicy!) and my parents love the various pork katsus.  Run by a very nice family.  Nice to have a legit washoku restaurant in the neighborhood (vs. venturing out to Chinatown).
4	My first time here , This place is less than 5 mins by my house, I ordered chicken and salmon katsu  to go , it was very good!! I will def come back to try dine in next time!!!
5	Best katsu in Las Vegas! The quality of their food is excellent. Portions are large and prices are reasonable. We've eaten here many times and have never had a bad experience. If it's your first time, be sure to grind the sesame seeds for your katsu sauce. Never had this anywhere else before and so good! Add hot mustard if you like that flavor as well.The space is a bit small so there may be a wait, but it's worth it. The decor is cute and fitting for the theme of the restaurant.The owner is really nice, remembers frequent customers, and I love that it's a family run business!
4	We came here on a Saturday evening and ordered 1. Chicken and shrimp katsu, 142. Katsu curry, 12 for $33- Small restaurant. Seated right away.- Great service. Ordered in a couple minutes and got the food within 10. - Best part, unlimited katsu sauce! McDs should take notes! haha charging extra for McNuggets dip. shame. HA! - Katsu was pretty good. crispy. Chicken better pork here. - Huge pieces of shrimp katsu! My favorite! - Loved the pickled scallions. But 2 though....tease- Shredded cabbage. Yum.- Curry was very good. Few pieces of carrots and potato. Sorta better than Kaba Curry, but it would be cool if you can order their curry spicier. Slap a fried egg on top.- For better Katsu in Vegas, go to Yu-Yu for lunch! Better soup! No miso. And their pestle looks like bark from a tree! haha, even more authentic. I think it starts at $9. - For SoCal-ers, Meh, Yoko and Katsuko in Buena Park is better and cheaper. Usually $9 and you get udon with side banchan. You'd think this place is pretty steep. Over 30 for katsu here! What. haha. - Aside from all that, this place is fantastic and will definitely come back for more but during dinner time.
5	Always consistent and great quality tonkatsu!My kids love going there and eat. Hire katsu is always tender and fresh. Portions are generous also. Place is kept clean and staff members are very friendly.
2	My little sister saw this on yelp a couple months ago. I have been meaning to come here since they have good ratings. It took me a while to come here. Every time I decided to go to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, it happened to be a Sunday. Haha Just my luck right? Luckily, this time it was a Thursday. Parking is never an issue in Las Vegas. This location had their own parking lot. It was not pack at the time I went.The atmosphere inside the store was very causal. I like that there was a Daruma good luck doll. I saw a bunch of those when I went to Hawaii so I thought they was cool that they had a huge one there. They have a "bar" seating area and 6 tables inside the restaurant. Five tables were seated but it didn't feel PACKED. The place is small with can hold a good amount of people without feeling crowded. There was only one service and two people in the kitchen. The server was quiet for the most part. He would just take our order and it took him a while to refill our water. When I went to pay my bill, he was very friendly and joked around a little.The food was the main reason why I rated this place 2 stars. I ordered the Tonkatsu Don. Although the slice of pork was thick, it was very dry. There was nothing special about that dish. We also order the Chicken Karaage which was $6. There was only 6 pieces of meat and they were pretty small. I can't believe I paid $1 per piece of chicken. There was nothing special about the Chicken Karaage either. I felt like I could live without it and regretted my order. We got the Melon Float as well which is a drink I could make on my own. If you're looking for a very good Tonkatsu Don, I recommend going to I-Naba. The location of the restaurant is a little weird but I guarantee their food is good and very authentic! :)
4	Honestly, I didn't even realize how hidden this place is for a restaurant with such a reputation. I pass by this intersection every day and didn't think twice about going by here until by recommendation from some classmates.So I head down the street, park up front, and enter to find this seemingly simple designed eatery. Nothing grand. A simple bar. Maybe enough seats for 30? It's small. The menu itself is simple too! It's a front and back menu which focuses on mainly katsu. I was really curious at this point.I order a chicken katsu at around $9 and my boyfriend the salmon/chicken katsu close to $14. It's a really good portion of food. You get a salad with dressing. Katsu fried in flakey japanese style breading that has a satisfying crisp. I think some Japanese pickles (which I didn't try) and a miso soup. The miso soup was a thoughtful touch. I could never finish a whole order by myself and I went here twice!Overall, I ended up having a pocket in my heart for this place. The restaurant is simple, not because it doesn't put effort, but because their showcase is really their food. It has personality to it that is unique to Tonkatsu. Service has always been friendly there too like we're all just neighbors.Note: I'm often a budget eater so $9 for chicken katsu was like, "Eh.." but after trying it, I say it's a reasonable price especially if comparing it to a $6.50 hawaiian bbq regular plate because you can account for the salad and miso soup...plus the breading of the chicken was delicious at this place. It definitely converted what I thought katsu should taste like.
4	Tonkatsu Kiyoshi was the chosen location for another GNO restaurant pick and I am so glad it was chosen! TK has been sitting in my Bookmarks for quite awhile, but I never had anyone who wanted to try it out with me. It is on the smaller side with limited seating, but on a Thursday night we were able to get a good spot for the five of us. After taking our orders, our server came out to demonstrate how to grind our own sesame seeds thus making the katsu sauce ourselves. I ordered the Katsu Don and it also came with a side of miso soup (all of their entrees do). The Katsu Don was one of the best I have ever had and the miso soup was above average. The katsu was crunchy yet juicy and the cuts were generous. I barely used the sauce because the food was already flavorful on its own.If I ever get a craving for Katsu Don then this is the only place I am going to.
5	Finally, my wife and I had the chance to try this Tonkatsu place.   Born and raised in Japan, I was pretty impressed with quality of food.    I had Fried jumbo (huge) shrimps and tonkatsu.    At home, I do make tonkatsu myself whenever I have a chance, but let me tell you, this place perfected tonkatsu cooking.   Panko is very crunchy and pork meat was very soft and tender.    The waiter told me they use fresh panko and also fry in two different oil temperatures.    First rate food quality and first rate service.     The combination plate come with miso soup, rakkyo pickles, shredded cabbage and rice.    Even miso soup and their green tea were good quality.    People who rated them three stars and lower does not know what they are talking about.
5	Great service and great food!! Ebi katsu, Hire katsu and chicken karage is my top 3 fav!!! Definitely check this place out for a quick yummy bite to eat :)
5	My friend took me to this place. I'm originally from Japan and I am a huge tonkatsu fan. I had their Rosu Kastu and edamame. Here's my review. Environment/Service:Excellent. Very friendly staff. Small but clean environment. Food/PriceExcellent. Very authentic Japanese style tonkatsu. Kastu(pork) was super juicy and tender. Sauce was perfectly balanced, not too sweet. Self-grind sesame seeds boost the flavor of the sauce. Fresh salad and great dressing. Both steamed rice and miso soup were great too. Perfect amount of food to make me full. Great meal for only $10. Overall, very satisfying. I would definitely come back.
5	Hire Katsu tender & crunchy! Potato saladbeef tatakishishito peppersMy husband had the curry great flavor. Next time I'll need to try the ebi fry Service is excellent and family friendly.Make your own sauce gives a special taste
4	It's been a busy month, with two Japanese restaurants in the area that I haven't tried yet, I am thrilled and filled at the same time....I can always have Tonkatsu for any meal; it's comfort food for me and if you go to Japan, they make it so light and crunchy, you almost can't believe that its fried.  Almost...But alas, we're not in Japan, and for the most part, Tonkatsu here is a heavier, oilier version of the original, and if you're lucky, the Pork doesn't taste like your belt.. or is as thin...And then Tonkatsu Kiyoshi come into town, and all is good.  Located in an area that no matter where you live, takes a butt long time to get to, since it's in a residential-ish area with rudimentary access (Vegas, could you hurry up and upgrade the road conditions already)?  I was a little trepidatious at first, I really didn't want to go if it was just another L&L BBQ or Ross J's... (no offense)...The venue is not big, under 40 seats total with a great counter for single dining; the interior is pretty bare bones, but understandable considering its location and casual service.  Its always a good sign to see Sesame and Tonkatsu sauce on the table with your own mini mortar and pestle.  You grind the Sesame seeds and then pour the tart sauce over to create a goopy concoction to dip your flaky fried Tonkatsu, I prefer to add a little hot mustard to give it a kick!As mini starters, we ordered the Crab and Cucumber Salad and the House made Potato Salad.  I loved how the dishes came in ceramics authentic to a Japanese Tonkatsu House, and looked forward how the dishes would taste.The House Potato Salad had Cucumber, Apple and Japanese Mayonnaise (Kewpie).  Although it was good, It was a little watered down and not as creamy as I was expecting.  But then again, with all the fried food that was about to be consumed, maybe creamy was overkill...So the next dish we ordered was the Crab Cucumber Salad.... which to my disappointment, was not with real Crab but with Crab Sticks or 'Kamaboko' - basically imitation crab made from white fish meat.  But, for $3.50, I should have realized that the fact that this wan't going to be a real Crab dish.Oddly enough, there was a disproportionate amount of Crabstick in comparison to Cucumber.  It was an odd dish for sure.As for the Tonkatsu, I got the combination set with  two pieces ofTenderloin (Hire) and two Fried Shrimp.  You have two types of cuts to choose from: Hire and Rosu (Thick cut Pork Loin).  Usually I get the Hire; it's a softer cut that comes installer, thinner pieces.  If I'm really hungry, I'll get the Rosu which is thicker and bigger but a little tougher to chew.I was thoroughly amazed at how soft the Tonkutsu was, it was fried perfectly too, not greasy in the least, it was very light and easy to eat.  It was a authentic as I could ever have imagined, like being back in Japan.  The Miso Soup was the real thing as well, and the Rice was spot on (yes, you can fuck up Rice...)The Fried Shimp was ok, again fried to perfection but I wasn't sure about the freshness of the Shrimp.  I would get it again.But all in all, its definitely worth going back to for the Hire Katsu.  And with a couple of combinations you can get as well as Katsu Curry, It's a place I can back again and again!Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:           4Ambience:  UmmmService:       4.75
5	I really enjoy the food here. If it weren't for living so far, i would swing by more often. I like how you can crush your sesame seeds and mix it with the sauce. It doesn't seem too crazy or out of the ordinary but it adds the uniqueness of dining here. Their katsu is top knotch, good portions and very tasty. The menu isn't overwhelming and whenever I read it, it's easy to make a decision. Prices are average and actually decent for the quality and portion you receive.Staff are always welcoming and friendly. My first visit was quite enjoyable. I came here with my girflriend for a nice dinner. We sat at the "bar(don't think there is alcohol served here)" and our waiter asked if we've ever ate here. We replied "no," and he showed us what to do with the sesame seeds and sauce. We had a good time, as simple as it was. We had a fun conversation with our waiter too.Whenever I eat here, I tend to always order the chicken and shrimp katsu. yumm I haven't eaten here in a month or two and the more I think about it right now it makes me hungry.5/5 for all around good experiences for every visit and great consistent food and service.
4	I have been here 3 times in the last couple of months with mostly great results.  The tonkatsu is fried very nicely.  In addition, the fried shrimp are large and tasty.  The service is good and I like the feel of the place.On the down side, this last time, the pork came out cold and while it appeared to be cooked, it was a turn off.  Also, they need a soda fountain.  Any place that serves cans seems like they are second rate.
3	I think they raised their price since last time I came here and the portion of their food is less than it used to be. Their food is amazing and reducing food portion doesn't help because I want to eat MORE!! :D:D
4	When it comes to Tonkatsu, Kiyoshi gets the second place right after Yu-Yu.Both restaurants offer comparable quality of food, but Yu-Yu is slightly better that they offer Tonjiru and other very good side items. But Kiyoshi's no shortage of its own strength, their focus on the core competence is a right strategy as their execution proves. Also, Kiyoshi feels much like a restaurant-next-door in Japan.I'll keep patronize them as long as they keep it that way.
4	Food here is excellent. The katsu is crispy but still juicy inside. I really like their miso soup as well. What really sets it apart from other miso soups is that they use a darker miso than most other restaurants do. The portions of the main meal was also decent. You get a nice big piece of katsu along with the rice and miso soup and it really fills you up. However their side dishes are a little overpriced. They taste really good but the price is just too high for the quantity you get. As far as service everybody there is really friendly and helpful. A little awkward at some parts during the night. Couldnt really put my finger on what it was but it felt a little uneasy. But still really good service.
5	The food here is great!! The miso soup is bomb and they have great sides also! Check this place out...
5	I've had this place bookmarked for awhile. I was pretty excited when I was finally able to try it.Atmosphere: the restaurant itself is pretty small. Luckily we came here before it got busy. Service: the waiters and waitresses are both attentive. They kept our water glasses full at all times and always made sure we were enjoying our food.Food: I decided to get the chicken katsu. I really enjoyed it. Usually when you eat one chicken katsu, you think you've tasted all of them already. Theirs is very flaky. I really enjoyed the breading. Our meal also came with soup, salad, and of course rice.There's sesame seeds to grind in a bowl. We kind of just looked at other peoples tables to see what they were doing. You just grind the seeds and add the sauce. It tastes great with the chicken.I would forsure come here again!
5	Very tasty food that completely changed my view of Japanese kitchen. I associated Japanese food only with sushi and teppanyaki, which I truly love. However, at Tonkatsu I discovered that the Japanese really know how to cook delicious pork as well. This is a must try boutique restaurant.
5	By far the best Katsu I have ever had. The sauce is also delicious. The services is always incredible.
5	My son and I made a trip to this restaurant in mid-May 2014 and we were not disappointed.The restaurant is very new (opened Sept. 2013) and clean. Simple decor. When you walk in to the restaurant you are greeted enthusiastically.You can see the chefs and cooks preparing your food through a large, open window. I discovered three people that work there (one is a co-owner) are Hawai'i transplants. My son ate the pork tonkatsu and shrimp katsu combo and I ate the pork tonkatsu curry and rice. Delicious. You grind sesame seeds and mix it with the slightly spicy tonkatsu sauce. This sauce mix sets this restaurant apart from the rest. My son tried the melon float which was very yummy.Price is a little more than the average "plate lunch". My dish was $13 and I believe my son's was $16-$17. Spend a few more dollars eating there instead of in the slot machine!I am definitely a fan and will make many more trips there. I hope more Vegas locals and Hawai'i ppl give this place a try.One more plus, their music playing is Kalapana, C&K, IZ....enough said!Best of luck to this new restaurant!
5	Oh, man. I freaking love this place. I find katsu to be a comfort food, and if it were closer to home, I'd be a regular; alas, location is not on my side!My SO and I got a Chicken and Shrimp Katsu combo and the Pork Katsu Curry with rice and were very much satisfied with our meals. The miso soup had much more depth in comparison to others I've had before, and you can expect the portions to leave you feeling satisfied!Also, I quite like the ambiance of this place. It feels authentic; it's not tacky, it's tasteful. I don't know what we were thinking at the time, but we decided to order the Azuki Bean ice cream even when we were super-stuffed. I think it may be red bean? I'm not entirely sure! The important detail of this is that, I don't usually like red bean ice cream but can honestly say that this ice cream was the perfect taste to end our meal. Convincing enough for ya?Their sauce brings the katsu to perfection! I honestly wish I was skilled at grinding sesame seeds, because I think the sauce-to-seed ratio is essential in bringing out the ideal flavor. LOL. Anywhoways, THIS IS SOME GOOD KATSU! Try it.
4	This is so close to my work!  My friend wanted to meet up and try this place.  I wasn't big on rice, or anything breaded, but since I said it is her pick, this was the place.I am so glad I did!  After reading many rave reviews, I decided on the chicken katsu curry.  Oh boy, this entree was huge.  I had half of it for lunch, and the other half for lunch the next day.  The chicken katsu was crispy and moist, the curry was fragrant and had bold flavors, and the rice was cooked perfectly.Though I didn't need to make the katsu sauce for my curry entree, I made it anyways.  Was my first time, and I enjoyed the experience.I will definitely return...tomorrow even.
5	This place feels like home, food is awesome,  service is fantastic. I always start with their beef tataki, lightly seared on the outside with just the right amount of seasoning. Hire and shrimp is my favorite entree, everything's so nicely cooked and tender. Must try this place if you have never been here, you will fall in love just like me!
4	Small restaurant that packs a tasty punchTonkatsu Kiyoshi is a small-sized restaurant that offers tasty Tonkatsu at a reasonable-ish price. The portion size is quite filling and food quality is superior. I was surprised at how homey I felt during my experience at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi-- both the ambiance and service played a role in that. Pros:  Attention to detail to service, restaurant, dishes, presentation; quality food; great taste. Cons:  Menu options (maybe adding a Chef Special item would bring diversity to customers); adding history to the brand (how Tonkatsu Kiyoshi started) would definetley benefit the already homey feel to the restaurant;  more engaging service. Much potential for this restaurant. Will definitely visit again for more curry. 4.5 out of 5.
5	Great place for Katsu. Basically it is breaded pork, chicken, or shrimp. I got the chicken katsu with curry over rice. It was a thick and juicy piece of chicken. My order was enough for 2! They gave me miso soup, but it was too salty so I didn't finish it.Excellent customer service. Very friendly, attentive, and courteous!
5	This place is hidden behind a gas station but love the katsu from here. It is super moist and I love how it comes with miso soup and rice. I have tried both the pork and chicken katsu and I really liked both of them. I found this place because of my friend introducing me to it but became one of my favorite places to eat in vegas. I really love the katsu curry which has chunks of potato and carrots and is really a great addition to the katsu. The restaurant itself is small but it is nice to dine in or just to-go the food still tastes the same if you bring it home. Glad we have good restaurants in vegas and this is one of them.
4	I ordered the salmon katsu. It was on the salty side and just a smidge overcooked. I should have stuck to pork, but wanted to try something different. Stick with the pork or chicken.Portion was filling and the servers were friendly. Solid 4 stars.
5	YUM YUM YUM!!  We've tried everything on the menu.  Hands down my favorite is the chicken katsu.  Super fresh, always moist.  Perfectly breaded and fried.  This is THE tokatsu place to go to. You can taste the oil is changed out frequently which I appreciate.  The apps are just ok.  I'd say just stick with the tonkatsu since it really is the star.  The shredded cabbage with the tangy dressing is a nice compliment to the fried meat and carb-y rice. Love that you can make your own dipping sauce.  It's also good entertainment (and may help build your appetite) while waiting for food to come out.  Order the melon float after if you have room to spare.  Kind of reminds me of a Melona bar - not too sweet or heavy. The restaurant is always clean and service is always nice.  Sometimes a tad slow but it's ok - it's a small family run place!  Just relax and enjoy. Thank you for having such a limited menu but executing so well. (beats those restaurants that have a million things on the menu but nothing tastes good)  Also thanks for great ventilation. None of that "stinky Chinese food place" smell on your clothes when you leave. Make the trip if you haven't yet - who can pass up deliciously fried meat?!?
5	I went here yesterday with my boyfriend and this is the place to go for your katsu cravings! This place is so homey, the staff gave AMAZING service, and the food was  satisfying! Our waitress was SUPER friendly and since it was our first time, she helped us with our choices and recommended some appetizers. We picked the Japanese sausages, which was very yummy and juicy! I ordered the shrimp and salmon katsu which came with rice and miso soup (All of the main course meals comes with miso soup). I'm a shrimp lover so I had to get the shrimp katsu which I love! The salmon katsu was OK to me, I Iiked it but didn't love it, it was a bit salty for me. Next time I'll order just the shrimp katsu for sure. My boyfriend picked the Katsu curry, the curry sauce tasted like any other curry I had but the chicken katsu is what makes it oh so delicious--- crispy goodness! The portions were very generous and fulfilling. I definitely recommend this place if you're a Japanese food lover!  You wont be disappointed. ^_^
5	Best place if you want to enjoy katsu!  The husband this place a few months back and said I needed to try this place.  I'm not a katsu lover but  I love the katsu here.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted and we sat on the table.  The menu size is perfect.  I always get overwhelmed by large menus.  We ordered our food and we started to grind the sesame for our tonkatsu sauce. They should have asked if this was our first time, because I wouldn't have known what to do with the muddle.  Good thing the hubby showed me what to do! We ordered the beef tataki. It was really good, portion was smaller than expected but still good with the ponzu.  We ordered the Japanese potato salad and that was tasty.  The apples gave it a sweet kick! I ordered the salmon and ebi katsu and hubby enjoyed the chicken and ebi katsu.  Everything was perfect.  The breading was crispy and perfect! You have to have good breading for the perfect katsu.  The chicken and shrimp was not overcooked.  It was so soft and moist.  The chicken just melt in your mouth! I also added the hot mustard in the katsu sauce and it gave the sauce a nice hot kick. Yummy! I definitely enjoyed this place and I want to go back for the katsu curry! Every table around us ordered that dish. Its been two hours since lunch and I want more!
4	Originally wanted some beach cafe next door but the disire for japanese curry filled my head with bliss. My friend and i got sat pretty fast. Drinks came to the table right away to cool down sweat from the las vegas heat. We questioned the server about the mortar and pestel. He showed us how to grind sesame to use for our katsu sauce. Our chicken cutlets came out huge. The plate had more rice than your body will allow you to eat. the curry was pretty delicious and had big chunks of potato and carrots. Tho they dont do my favorite add ons like corn, spinach, or cheese like Zen Curry. All plates also come with a miso soup to wash everything down. I would definitlly come back again with more friends.
4	The staff was very Nice. One of the waiters taught me about the mortar and pedestal, drinks came out fast. Didn't know much about the menu and was a little difficult to understand but I knew what I wanted and just said chicken curry i asked for cheese and corn they looked at me crazy lol but the food came out fresh and hot. Big portions and a side of meso soup tastes great if I'm ever on this side of town again I would  definitely come back.
5	The food here was big and filing! I would probably eat here again when I'm really really hungry though. I have been here once before and ordered katsu with curry but this time I ordered chicken katsu. The order comes with a side of miso soup, rice, salad, and also  a plus-green tea icecream (because the ac was broken). Anyways, I definately recommend this place.
5	LOVE this restaurant!  It is in our neighborhood, and after hearing good things, my husband I decided to go check it out on a date night. Be forewarned, this is a SMALL restaurant... I'm talking about six tables.  Usually this would deter me a bit, but somehow, it worked toward the charm of this place.  It is comfy and cozy, and the Hawaiian music playing in the background made me very nostalgic as I longed for another trip back.Now onto the food.  I ordered the salmon and shrimp.  It was amazing!!!  Everything was super fresh, the miso soup was perfect, and it's so fun to get to make your own sauce!  The breading on the salmon and pork is seriously outstanding.  Not greasy at all... Nice and light, and crisp.  I later found out that this is due in part to the owner's sourcing of fresh panko... Not the hard, dry kind we buy at the grocery store.And please, if you like potato salad even a bit, order it here!!!  It's the owner's grandmother's recipe, and it's so unique and delicious.  Potato salad with chunks of apples and slices of cucumber?  Somehow, it totally works!The service was just as awesome as the food.  Being newbies, our waitress was super helpful, and the owner went around to every table, including ours.  He is so kind and personable!  We will be back many times in the future!
4	OK. I like this place. Meredith was a hoot. She literally sold us the whole menu. We ordered at least 10 items. The atmosphere was casual and they were playing Hawaiian music in the back, that's always a plus. The tokatsu and curry was flavorful. The tala Alsalad on the Katsu and shrimp combo was off the hook. Yeah I said salad. Leave it alone. Carnivores eat grass when they have too also. Definitely coming back again to try more dishes and the cream puff (they ran out).
3	I had been meaning to try this place out for months and finally was able to cross it off my bookmarks on Friday. The 1st thing I noticed was the small menu, and there wasn't really much choice besides various katsus...hence their name. We ordered chicken katsu and a pork katsu curry. Both katsu entrees were very crispy the breading was a perfect golden brown. I liked the chicken a little more since it was lighter and juicer than the pork. Definitely some of the better katsu entrees I've ever had, but I thought the pricing was a little steep for some fried meat, rice and miso soup.  I was a little confused on how to make the katsu sauce and I found myself mashing up a concoction of sesame seeds and sauce together which apparently isn't the way it's supposed to be done? I also thought you were supposed to mash up the little shalots/onions they give you...Eventually I gave up and just ate everything plain...I still have no idea how to properly prepare the sauces, shalots, etc.Dining experience here is ok...while the service was great, it was super hot in the dining area which made it uncomfortable since I felt hot and sweaty the whole meal. Is there not a/c that can be turned on during business hours? I felt like I drank 4-5 glasses of water because it was so hot and then I pretty much lost my appetite from filling up on water instead of food.I would come back again but it wouldn't be my 1st choice. Their food was good, but maybe next time I'll grab it to go instead of suffering through a 80-90 degree dining room.
5	I'm pretty sure me and my husband are a regular here! Since I've been pregnant, I've been craving their curry katsu every week. Also, a good mention is their appetizers, such as Japanese fried chicken, crab and cucumber salad, shishito peppers, and deep friend soft shell crab, which is a special for now ( not listed on the menu you have to ask for it ). Portion sizes are always huge for me, but great for my big husband. Lol Mark, his wife, daughter, and other employees are great, always received great service from day one. I was hesitant to write this review, because I do wish them good, and busy revenue - since it's a smaller restaurant, I hope they do save us a spot for us haha. ;-) I honestly recommend this to everyone, and I do in person. Their katsu is always crispy, not too greasy, and always wanting you to come back for more! Thanks Mark for opening this spot. :-)
3	The food here is a 3.5 for me. Even though I am not a huge fan of pork I still went with the house speciality hire katsu and the chicken katsu. I also ordered the cucumber crab salad with kewpie dressing and a side of curry. Kewpie dressing is normally creamy and nutty this dressing was not. The panko batter on both the chicken and pork was light and crunchy. I liked the chicken more because the pork lacked flavor. The curry was no different than the curry bars I have used at home. The rice was overcooked and mushy. I did like the well developed flavor profile of the miso soup and the ginger dressing on the salad was refreshing. I was going to order the green tea cheesecake but after seeing the pictures showing the tiny sliver of cheesecake accompanied by a big scoop of ice cream I chose to pass.
3	I might be kind of spoiled in my eating experiences with tonkatsu but I've guess I've had pretty good ones because this place was only ok to me. I mean don't get me wrong it's good just not like 4 stars good. It does the job though. And the service is prompt, attentive and polite. We got the chicken and the pork. The pork was a little on the dry side but the chicken was pretty good. All in all a cool place.
3	They're menu is constantly changing, and they're adding more items -- which is great! When they first opened there wasn't many choices.  Great place for Japanese curry, but I wish they had unlimited Japanese pickled items. Their Katsu curry is awesome!!!
5	We just moved into the area and after a long day of moving we decided to step out for dinner since our place is still in shambles . This place is a diamond in the rough . Wow one of the best places I've been , super friendly, amazing food I had the pork dumbori Katsu . Must try!! Also the melon cream soda is so good especially I am not a soda drinker and I still ordered one . I will def come back
3	Meeting friends for dinner is always a good occasion to try a new restaurant. After throwing a few options out between us, we narrowed our dinner choice to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi. We arrived around 5pm for an early dinner. We opted for an earlier than normal dinner since we figured the restaurant wouldn't be too busy and they wouldn't mind us sitting and chatting for a little longer than usual. We were greeted warmly and we perused the menu for a while. We both opted for the katsu danburi and proceeded to chit chat and grind up our own dipping concoctions while we waited for our entrees to arrive.The food came out quickly and everything was tasty. The pork was juicy and I enjoyed my meal. I wasn't a huge fan of the way my egg was cooked and would likely order the katsu curry next time. I wasn't in love with the dipping sauce, either. We topped off our meal with the melon soda float. It was refreshing and very tasty. This was a great way to end a satisfying meal. I look forward to trying this place again for their other options. The service was great and the food definitely has me interested in coming back to try more.
4	Met up with a bunch of Yelpers for a standard, no-frills lunch. Glad I went instead of sitting around at home.Everybody was already in mortar-and-pestle mode by the time I arrived. I quickly learned that you should take sesame seeds from one of the condiment containers, grind them in a bowl to your desired consistency, and add katsu sauce later. Decent workout and appetite builder, and it's just pretty cool. I had no idea of my preferences coming in, but I feel like a 50-50 powder to intact seed ratio with a whole lot of sesame could be nice.Donburi ($11) seemed to be a common recommendation on Yelp, so I ordered it. It took a while for the order to come out, but considering the people ahead of us and our party size, it wasn't actually that bad. Still, I found myself idly eating the delicious sauce from above until our orders finally arrived. Ended up with maybe half the starting amount. Oh well!The donburi was basically a rice bowl with fried egg, cooked (not caramelized) onions, and shishito peppers (not spicy at all), and of course the default pork katsu (not sure if they will actually let you sub chicken or something, but it might be worth a try). I enjoyed the flavors, especially with my katsu sauce (sucker for sweetness and all), although I felt like something was missing to take it to the next level. Maybe it was the lack of crunch from the breading due to the egg and rice tag team.By the way, there was a miso soup that accompanied my bowl (and partially spilled onto my arm, thanks to the creative if clumsy employee). Delicious, thankfully not boiling hot, and maybe a little salty-for-others-but-not-for-me (nobody complained at the table though).Props to Jen S. for organizing the lunch and thanks to everyone  for the company. I'll probably try the curry next time to make that comparison to Curry Zen, or maybe a standard plate to see what seemingly everybody else at the table experienced.
5	This place has the most delicious chicken katsu I've ever had. I'm always hesitant about getting katsu anywhere else now. Tonkatsu Kiyoshi's Chicken katsu dish is composed of filling portions of perfectly crunchy and tender chicken, rice, miso soup, and a cabbage salad - and it is all delicious! I love being able to grind sesame seeds for our sauce.  I'm not a fan of sesame seed (not even on my buns) but their sauce could make anything taste great. Also friendly service. Only complaint is that I wish it were closer to my house!!
5	SO. DELICIOUS. If you're looking for real-deal Japanese tonkatsu in Vegas, this is definitely the place to go. If you've been to L&L or any other Hawaiian joint, you have probably had the tough, greasy, heavy chicken katsu. THAT is not real tonkatsu. It should be light, moist, crispy, and flavorful. That is exactly what you get here. They have different options such as pork, chicken and salmon. They also have curry tonkatsu, which is what I ordered. Omg. It was amazing. The curry was so flavorful and creamy while the pork tonkatsu underneath was light and tender. They also give you a mortar and pestle which I was a bit confused about since the waitress did not explain what it was for, but with a quick glance around the dining room, I realized that it was to crush the sesame seeds for the tonkatsu sauce! It was actually a bit fun to do because honestly, how often do you get to grind sesame seeds?! The katsu sauce was amazing as well. I seriously crave their tonkatsu every day because it's soooo scrumptious. Their menu isn't very extensive, but it doesn't need to be because you know that every single item is delicious.
2	Lower stars for:In this day & age, not having any vegetarian options on the menu...When I requested leaving out the meat cutlet from the curry and substituting the shredded lettuce (that they include with their other main dishes) they said they couldn't do that.  Seems like a simple enough concession. The curry itself is too salty but otherwise the flavor is decent.The others with me enjoyed their pork and chicken cutlets, but felt it was a bit too expensive.
5	The katsu was crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside. Delicious!We tried the Hire katsu (pork), chicken katsu and chicken karaage. Oiishi!
5	BEST chicken/pork/salmon katsu ever! It was so light and crispy! And melon ice cream float=refreshing!
5	I love Tonkatsu Kiyoshi! It's run by a friendly family from Hawaii. The food is excellent. No matter when I go, they're consistent on delivery - from taste to portion. The tonkatsu is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The curry is on point too. I'm definitely adding T.K. as one of my monthly dinner spots :)
2	Tried this place after searching on Yelp for curry in my area. When we first walked in, we were sat by a gentleman who didn't say a word to us except sit right over here. There was no language barrier, he just seemed entertained with the people he seemed to know instead of dealing with other customers. He came over about 10minutes after seating us and asked us what we wanted to  order. Explained to him that this was the first time here so we didn't know what to do with the sesame seeds and sauce. Instead of explaining it, he just put everything into the grinding bowls and started to do it with no smile on his face. Still this seemed like a cute place so we can overlook the depressing man. We ordered our food and it was good and tasteful. The Donbari, I believe it was called, was flavorful and had a thick cut of pork so worth it.Service was the thing that knocked this down the furthest. We had to wait FOREVER for our check and then had to called them over to remind them to bring it back... Such a good concept just disapointed in the service. Also, more sauce options would be fantastic.
4	Craving Japanese food while in Las Vegas. Found this gem through Yelp and chose it based on proximity. It was a pleasant surprise. The pork tonkatsu was well flavored, good quality oil used for deep frying. The yuzu salad dressing for the standard cabbage salad was light and a nice complement to the pork. Service was excellent!
5	Great little hidden Japanese spot on Jones. Staff is very friendly and helped us figure out what to order. The chicken, shrimp and pork katsu combos are all very good.  They come with salad, rice, japanese pickles and miso soup. Cost about $35 for 2 people and we were more than full.  Definitely worth checking it out.
4	I've been to this place twice now. I must say the katsu here is done well. It's not burnt! It's crispy, moist, and just enough portions. For those who are use to Hawaiian-kine katsu, this is not for you. However, if you really are a foodie, then come here. So far, I had the salmon, chicken, shrimp, and pork. They are all delish.... My fav, however is salmon.The service is good. We have come late afternoon so not too hectic. The price is $10-$16. Not too bad. I would definitely say try this place!
5	Menu looks appetizing, donburi and katsu sandwich
4	Tried Tonkatsu Kiyoshi last night. It was recommended to us by our sister-in-law. When we first arrived, the place was packed. Both the bar seats and tables were full. There was one group of 4 waiting for a table ahead of us, but we were able to squeeze into a seat at the bar. The decor and atmosphere of the tiny restaurant did not seem thought out too well. I think the main turn off was how incredibly bright the place was. I think if there's one major detail to dining out, it's good lighting. The waitress was handling all the checks at the bar, and there was really no separation between the back counter and the bar, so that was a little odd too. We could see the employees personal things piled on a chair in front, along with what looked like a bug zapper. Weird. There was also a basket of pens and crap on the bar too, which I think was a little distracting at first. We ordered the edamame and beef tataki to start. The beef tataki was served with shredded onions and citrus ponzu that I mixed with grated daikon. I really enjoyed that. So good. For dinner I ordered the Tonkatsu and shrimp combo which is a pretty good deal, considering it comes with miso, rice, shredded cabbage salad and pickled onions. It's a good size portion as well. You mixed your own katsu sauce too at the table (which is basically just grinding sesame seeds, then poring in Tonkatsu sauce) The shrimp was huge too, like prawn size. And they lay the fried katsu meats on a wire rack to keep it crispy, which is always a good thing. I thought my meal was delicious and worth the $16 that it cost. My bf orders the katsu curry, which came with miso, rice, curry and katsu. He devoured his dish so it must have been tasty. For dessert, we got the green tea cheesecake, which was good too, but a lot of Japanese restaurants carry that as a dessert item. I was happy with the meal, just wish they could create a better ambiance by fixing that damn lighting.
5	This place is AMAZING. They don't have a lot of choices, which is usually a good sign because it means they get the one thing right...and Tonkatsu Kiyoshi definitely gets its tonkatsu right!! I lived in Japan, and they serve it very traditional, and it is always done perfectly. Also, everyone always enjoys grinding their sesame seeds while they wait. It's kind of like the fun gimmick that you get excited about. The staff is always friendly and the food is always consistently good. This is definitely a hidden gem in Las Vegas and I highly recommend that everyone give it a try!
5	Just got back from a great lunch there!  Feeling completely satiated, I thought it would be perfect timing to write my review.Our lunch group of 4 included huge foodie connoisseurs, one being a Hawaiian native for extra criticism!  I never try Hawaiian food without her blessing!  We ended up ordering 2 Katsu Curries, Salmon Katsu, and I had the Rosu Katsu.  Also had to get some Shishito Peppers on the side.  All dishes were delicious!  Super light and crispy katsu crusts on every dish, and not at all oily or soggy!  The generous portions and fresh side of cabbage salad was a perfect compliment.  Nice miso soup with the meal.The lunch crowd was not super busy, and our servers were extremely friendly and helpful.  I love it when they offer up some unsolicited guidance on mixing the ingredients to compliment your dish.  Even if you think you know what you're doing, it's a nice extra step to get the recommendations from the experts.The restaurant was super clean and nicely adorned with just a few touches that made it feel very comfortable and welcoming.As we were tending to our bills, the waitress informed us of some specials that were upcoming in the week and shared some photos of the dishes they specialize in that are not on the menu, whilst giving a little background on the chefs origins and why they choose certain dishes to prepare.  On our first visit, they made us feel like regulars.Great little place!  Will definitely be back!
5	My husband and I tried this place and we were very surprised by how good it is. They have a small menu but the items are reasonably priced and very tasty. The service is also very good.
5	You get to grind your own sesame! hell yea. Sesame aside, this place has some pretty good tonkatsu. The tonkatsu outside breading was crisp, and the meat inside was flavorful.  In addition to the tonkatsu, you get a nice salad, miso soup, and this delicious onion-pickle. It's a lot of food for a delicious price! We also ordered a Ramune soda because balls.
4	My first experience here was a pick up order. My husband wanted pork katsu. After a few hours at the mall, I was too exhausted to cook. I ordered the pork katsu for him and chicken katsu for myself. The pork and chicken cutlets were perfectly cooked. Just the right amount of crispiness with moist and tender meat. It was a generous portion of meat with rice, salad, and miso soup. My second time, we decided to dine in with our friends. It was neat to "make" your tonkatsu sauce. I'm not sure if I did it right as I never grinded sesame seeds to make tonkatsu sauce before. It turned out good so that's all that mattered to me at that point.My husband ordered the same dish and I opted for the katsu donburi this time. We ordered the chicken karaage and the panko crusted soft shell crab for appetizers and sampled my friend's beef tataki. Small, tasty portions but sufficient to whet our appetite for our main meal. I was pretty much satisfied with my donburi. One minor complaint. I noticed I got half the amount of meat as the pork katsu dinner which was the same price. So I thought it was a bit overpriced. It was still good though. I will have to try the curry katsu next time.The service was just OK both times. Another minor complaint that I like to mention-Our friends had ordered chicken karaage too. I'm not sure why mine came out first when they should come out at the same time. I don't like eating by myself and having hungry people staring at my app where I feel obligated to share.Lastly, the restaurant is cute, quaint, and small. I wouldn't come here with a large group. Maybe four people max.
3	Had high expectations since most Yelpers rated high. Tried their Karage for appetizer. It was way too salty. I also had their pork Katsu. It was good but not great. Price is reasonably cheap for the quantity they serve. I usually try to give good rating; however, not with this restaurant. Service was ok. Could have been more attentive.
5	So glad this place is super close to where I live! First off, this place has integrity. You can tell that there is a ton of care put into the preparation and presentation of the food. The BF and I ordered agedashi tofu and shishito peppers to start. The tofu was average, but the shishito peppers were perfectly blistered and seasoned with the tiniest sprinkle of salt. It was a brilliantly simple dish. I've had shishito peppers before, but never had they tasted so good.I had the chicken katsu and ebi katsu combo dinner. It came with breaded chicken and breaded shrimp, cabbage salad, a bowl of perfectly cooked, fluffy white rice, Japanese pickled daikon and miso soup. You would take some sesame seeds from the condiments rack and grind them using your personal mortar and pestle (which I thought was pretty cool.) Everything was delicious and fresh. It felt authentically Japanese--simple, beautiful, fresh, and delicious!
5	Bomb.com! Everything is nice about this place. Best part is the sesame seeds!! I haven't seen that anywhere else in Vegas and supposedly that's how they eat katsu in japan. Food is good. You know they always use clean oil. Service is good. The owners are from Hawaii and are super nice and makes conversations with everyone. T
4	A must visit for Tonkatsu when in Vegas! The restaurant is small and can be a bit of a drive, but it's worth the visit. The staff is extremely helpful and pleasant. Love the food and their presentation makes everything taste better.
3	I love supporting small local businesses, especially if it's Hawaii based/influenced. I met a few friends here for lunch and everything was good. The location, service and food was all good but nothing special. I ordered combo plate with pork and 2 pc shrimp katsu that included miso soup, 2 pc daikon and rice (rice was mushy) and I paid for a small side of curry and it all came out to $20.(If I didn't order the curry it would have been around $18).Please don't get me wrong....the food here was good just not worth the price. You can get chicken katsu that also includes miso soup, cucumber sunomono and salad for $8.50 at Soho down the street!! I say come here and eat to support locals from hawaii. But if you don't want to overpay then just go to 1. Soho down the street and order Chicken Katsu (lunch menu only).2. Curry Zen (spring mtn)3. L&L Hawaiian BBQ :)
4	So I never stepped foot in this place, but my coworker grabbed take out for me and I have to say the katsu here is AMAZING!  Growing up in Hawaii, in a Japanese family, I think I know good katsu when I see it (eat it).  I do think it is a little pricy, but with the way its made, with lots of care, and the little details of the garnishments and such is absolutely superb!
4	For $10 you get chicken katsu, rice, miso soup, and a cabbage salad. Everything was amazing! Who would of thought to grind up sesame seeds into the katsu sauce?!? It was delicious! I also ordered soft shell crab appetizer which was amazing! Thanks to my friend Jessica for taking me there! I am definitely going back again!
5	This is truly a hidden gem, located behind a bar and a gas station, I almost missed the place when my friend asked me to meet up there. Lol. I have tired almost all items on their menu, and im always very impressed and amazed of how delicious their food is. Their menu is very limited,  but they do it right, im hooked and go every week since!
3	The food was delicious like always, but the service was terrible by chubby waitress who wears glasses. Everything else was great.
3	I have been wanting to try out this tonkatsu place for awhile now.  Since it was "Small Business Saturday" day, I thought I would give this place a try. It was not busy at all when I stepped into the restaurant at 8 pm.  There were only two tables occupied with customers.  As usual, I sat at their counter seating area facing the kitchen and their cooking staff.  There were 5 people working in the kitchen.  I looked at their one page menu and decided to order their rosu katsu dinner ($12.00).  On the counter top in front of me was a wooden box filled with condiments.  There was a container full of sesame seeds that you could grind up yourself.  So while I was waiting, I grinded some sesame seeds for my meal. My katsu dinner arrived about 10 minutes later.  It came with miso soup, a small bowl of white rice, a pile of shredded cabbage (I don't believe that they offer free refills as they do in Japan), dipping sauce and 2 pickled scallions.  The katsu was a little on the dry side and it wasn't a very big portion.  The breading was quite crispy though and not greasy.  Would I come here again?  May be, to try their chicken katsu.
4	I had Tonkatsu and shrimp combo. The pork is very tender and juicy. The sauce with sesame is very flavorful. The Miao soup was a bit too salty. My hubby had Tonkatsu curry. The curry was a by salty. Overall, we like this place.
5	Great food and great service at an incredible price. Definitely coming back for more!
5	Oh man, I absolutely loved this place. Japanese/Hawaiian style dinning. Probably the best miso soup I've ever had. Small dinning area w/bar style seating available as well. Service was great & our server was great about explaining how to mix some of the food items. For example, they provide you with sesame seeds, a small grind bowl, and katsu sauce and BAM! you end up w/ a fantastic katsu sauce. I went with the traditional katsu chicken, but the menu was full of katsu curries and other seafood items. If you get the side of Japanese mustard in your meal, which you can add to the katsu sauce, I have to warn you,  put too much and the katsu sauce is too hot. Kind of like wasabi. Some of the plates come as a combo meal, unless you have a hefty appetite or plan on sharing w/someone else, I do not recommend getting the combo plate- its alot of food. The regular plates come w/alot as well. Food was tasteful and unique in style, I will def come again.
5	Thanks Yelpers for the great find. I wanted to try Soho Sushi, but there was an hour wait just for one person to sit at the sushi bar at 7:00 pm on a Monday night. So off I went to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi based on the great Yelp reviews.  If you like tonkatsu, you will really enjoy this place. The tonkatsu is lightly breaded and crisp, yet not greasy, and the meat is fresh and moist. On my first bite, I could tell that the quality of the meat was high. The tonkatsu dipping sauce tasted home made and was flavorful, and much better than the store bought variety. Although the dinner portion is not large, the meal came with red miso soup that was made with high quality red miso and seaweed. It also came with thinly sliced cabbage with a light ponzu salad dressing. I also had the kara age that was excellent as well.Overall, an excellent meal that was fairly priced for the quality of the ingredients.
5	Great food and service! Prices are good too!  Make sure u come early because they fill up quickly.
5	I wish I could give this place 6 stars. I couldn't think of anything to improve this place; it's already perfect.I don't imagine many tourists come out to this place, as noted when the business owner seemed surprised we were there. We wouldn't have known this place existed either if my cousin didn't know locals and ask them for recommendations while in town.It is away from the strip in an unassuming shopping center. The place is small and cozy. We sat at the counter where we had the opportunity to chat with the owner occasionally. She obviously loves what she does there, and it sounds like they've deserved the great success they've had since opening. My husband and I ordered the katsu curry, and it was a huge portion that hit the spot in this cold weather. We wished we'd come here earlier in our trip so that we could eat here TWICE. It was one of the two best meals I had in my week long trip to Vegas, the other being Kyara down the street.Anyone who loves Japanese comfort food and is visiting Vegas needs to bugger off the strip and come HERE. You get good servings of great food without paying the ridiculous price tag.
4	Pretty yummmy.  You even get to grind up seeds and make it own sauce :) the curry here is pretty bomb
4	The biggest takeaway from dining here? People still proudly bump Az Yet on their ipod. Am I ashamed for knowing immediately that the restaurant was playing Az Yet? Maybe. Did I keep on living my life knowing my Az Yet secret was revealed at a tonkatsu house? You know it. Fortunate that my family lives pretty close to this place.  It's inside of a strip mall in a quiet, residential neighborhood. Definite must-try if you are in this area, which is kinda far from the Strip.The first thing you do when you sit down is grind your own sesame seeds to make your dipping sauce. The mortar-and-pestle workout I call it. Then add katsu sauce to your creation.We tried the panko crusted soft shell crab to start and it was excellent.  The shrimp and chicken katsu dinner was not at all greasy and very tasty. I think having the katsu rest and served  on a metal grate keeps it from getting soggy.  It comes out light and crispy.   I don't think you can go wrong with ordering any of the katsu they offer.The staff is friendly and the prices are alright in my book. When we left the ipod was playing Shai. Are you serious?! I fully expect to hear some Jodeci or Hi-Five when I go back.
4	I was craving katsu bad a week ago and didn't want to settle for eating just breading at L&L so I found this place on yelp and decided to give it a shot. The location is pretty weird, I drove passed it once, so if you're coming from the 215 it'll be on your left kind of behind a gas station.It was pretty empty when we came, no problem. It was cool that you could make your own sauce by grinding sesame seeds but I wish the lady who was acting as our server told us approximately how much to grind. She asked if it was our first time and when we said ya, she just pointed to the containers on the table and was like here, you can make your own sauce! & walked away lol thankfully we had yelp to guide us.My brother and I both went with the pork tenderloin & shrimp katsu combination. Sooo good omg. Definitely the best katsu I've had in a long time. I loved that they also served the katsu on top of a little wire rack so it didn't get soggy on the bottom and it's also been a while since I was served cabbage so thinly sliced with an amazing citrusy vinagrette. The shrimp we received were enormous. Thank you! It was also served with miso soup and pickled onions. Some might say that $16 is a little much for this combo, which I kind of agree but it was definitely worth it. When I'm in the area, I'll definitely come back to try their salmon katsu!
5	Oh so good!  We haven't had Katsu curry since we left England a few years ago and they had it at the wagamama noodle house, in which I always looked for in the states.  At last we found this little restaurant when going to pick up the folks at the airport.  Love the chicken and pork Katsu curry.   So crispy, flavorful, delicious and good prices!  What more could one ask for?
5	The best katsu my bf and I have ever had in our entire lives! And we are Japanese hahaha. The service is on point! We love the katsu sliders and both the salmon and chicken katsu...it's all delicious.
5	Been here a few times and everything is always PERFECT!!! Love that it's not heavy greasy. You mustttt try the gravy/curry. Oh my goodness so full and rich great for a cold day. The owners are the best
