5	Pizza here made my night... Good people and great pizza. They can do anything you ask with a great attitude!
5	Best pizza I've ever tasted.
5	Not just pizza available here!Paninis, pasta, pizza and some fantastic apps and deserts :)Great service too! And there's a jukebox!!
3	Tuesday Special from 2pm - 4pm, you can get a slice of cheese pizza for 2 dollars or a 1 topping slice for 3 dollars.PIzza dough was really bland and it was soft even after heating it back up in the pizza oven. The cheese and sauce were OK. It's not in the Settebello, Metro, or Secret Pizza league.. but it's far better than a Papa Johns or Domino's. Probably compareable to a Rosati's. It's a good deal for that time period.
5	Left Burger bar after too big a tab for just 2 beers and came here. This place is awesome.They have a great happy hour, great beer on tap, great beer in bottles, and daily specials. Our stone IPAs were only $4! SO we each had two and ordered "not your jams garlic bread". just needed something small before the show-It was incredible! Garlic bread covered in pesto served with a head of roasted garlic! SO delicious! I would come in here every time before shows, and maybe even make special trips!  (I don't live near the strip, in fact I hate the strip.)
2	I just had their BLT Italiano (to go) for dinner and what a RIP OFF!!! First of all, its not worth 11.95 and secondly it wasnt really a panini it was more of a regualr sandwich and the side ceaser salad I got,... wow!! how cheap can you get, I swear I got about 10 pieces of lettuce and no croutons. The only thing is the flavor was good but just a tad bit too salty.I cant speak for the rest of their food but I wouldnt go back .
3	This is only a review from the take out.Short: Pizzas were okay and great when you've been drinking, but not Cosmopolitan Secret Pizza great. Crust was a bit bland. Service was spotty. A bit pricey too ($23) for a 18 inch pepperoni Came here at 11:15PM or so I believe and they we're half way closed, but no problem could still buy the pizza by the slices!I could not order any new pizzas, but in case you wanted to, it is $18.95 + $1.95 per topping for a large (18inch), 12 inch was $9.95 + $1.95 per topping and have specialties already made that range something like $25. They had some interesting ones like prosciutto and pesto, but I suppose I will have to try next time. The girl who helped us was nice, but did not really listen well. My friend asked her to double slice the pizza and with her verbal reply we believe she understood. Unfortunately we walked quite the distance already to realize that she didn't, nor did she reheat the pizzas. I suppose reheating is a personal preference as the pizza was still warm, but to me, if I'm paying $23 for a large pepperoni, I expect it to be hot. In the end, a good spot for drunken eats, but many better options on the strip.
4	Heeding our fearless and awesome CM Misti's advice, we opted for dinner before the "Welcome to Yelp Vegas" party at the Cathouse later that evening.  The plan was to get a slice but when that was $6, we decided to sit and have a whole pizza instead.  A small specialty pizza with a ton of toppings was $18 opposed to 4 slices for $24.  You can't get any more toppings than their ridiculous Miles 10 Meat pizza.  That's "made with a bolognese mix of veal, pork, and ground beef, smothered in mozzarella cheese, and topped with prosciutto, pepperoni, pancetta, sausage, bacon, mortadella and cappacola."  No pizza could possibly be bad when it has all this.  It was really good.$18 for a small pizza is a little more than I want to spend but this is probably one of the cheapest places to do dinner at Mandalay Bay.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here but it's not a bad option for something casual.
2	Wasn't as advertised... 'Slices'.Might as well buy a whole pizza instead of individual slices.they do have happy hour and different deals throughtout the week. I've uploaded them... See photos. You're paying for rent for the prices of these pizza. Common food and strip prices.
3	We stopped here because we were in Mandalay, short on time, and didn't want to spend a lot on dinner.  Slice Vegas offers a main restaurant as well as a little bar area where you can order slices and sit down for a minute.  We got the special at the time- two cheese slices and a draft beer for $10.  A little more than it's worth, but a good deal for the Strip.The pizza was fine.  It wasn't bad but it definitely wasn't as good as Secret Pizza.  The pieces were huge and my husband and I each had one and we were full.You can order slices with toppings but those are at least $5 apiece.  Also, if you order a draft beer without the combo special, it's $8.  If all you are looking for is a drink, you might as well just pay the two extra dollars for the combo and feed some hungry people walking by.I can't see myself making a special trip to eat here (like I have for Secret Pizza), but it's a good choice to have if you are in Mandalay or Luxor.
4	Very nice and convinient in Mandalay Place.  Pizza thin and tasty.  Little expensive.  Good menu choices of appetizers and sandwhiches.  Very good drink menu.
2	I came here with a friend who purchased a Groupon. I don't think he realized it was in a strip hotel. Anyways, we made the commute from Henderson and we were pretty disappointed When we arrived We were directed to the bar, unless we wanted to wait even though the place was 30 percent full. We started with the garlic bread with pesto. They brought us regular "garlic bread" which was 4 slices of Italian bread with a roasted bulb of garlic on the side. It was OK. The bread didn't have any kind of butter or oil on it. It was kind of an interesting take on garlic bread. For my entree I had the meatball panini. It was just OK. The best part were the garlic fries it came with. The meatballs we're homemade, but not that great.Unless I'm stranded at Mandalay Bay and starving, I will not be returning to Slice of Vegas.
3	There seems to be some sort of hype around Las Vegas pizza joints this month, Slice of Vegas included, so my Mom and I decided to try this one out.There was a small wait when we arrived because the place was actually pretty busy, which in my book is usually a good sign. My mom can't eat dairy products due to a food allergy, so she was asking the manager if they had a Vegan cheese they could put on the pizza. The manager actually went to the kitchen and came back with a piece of what she called "tease" cheese for my mom to try to see if she liked the taste before she ordered a pizza covered in it. Mom claimed it was the best Vegan cheese she has ever tasted.We were seated and the waiter came up right away and took our drink and food order. He was a nice guy, but it was so busy that he forgot the drinks, so we flagged down another waiter to bring them for us. We ordered a 10-meat pizza and a dish of Pappardale pasta with spicy marinara sauce. Both of the items we ordered were excellent! The pizza had a nice thin crust and wasn't overloaded with toppings to the point where you couldn't pick it up...it was perfect! Plus, they made half of the pizza with the vegan "tease" cheese and the other half with Mozzarella, so Mom and I could both enjoy it :) The pasta had a great flavor as well, and though it wasn't the best pasta I've ever had, it was pretty damn good.To top it off, I had a cannoli for dessert, which was just about average :)My major gripe with this place is the SUPER inflated prices. I understand that we're on the Strip and everything is more expensive, but $18.95 for a 12-inch pizza is pretty outrageous. The pasta dish was $14.95 and the cannoli was $6.95. Way too pricey, although the food was good and the staff were extremely nice...especially the manager!
2	Ok you guys...Took Sarie out for a little 5th of July lunch.  I was pretty hung this morning, so we thought some sausage and carbs would definitely do the trick. Found a groupon for this joint. It's in Mandalay place, nice location. (It's always fun to stare at Pete Rose sitting at an empty autograph table).At the podium we were quoted a ten minute wait, which was exactly how long it took. Seated at a crappy corner table, then I asked to move to a slightly less crappy corner table. Oh well.They have a very nice beer selection. Great microbrews including my favorite beer ever brewed, New Belgium's 'La Folie.' Try it if you dare: a sour brown ale aged in merlot casks. Very well babanced, perfect use of Brettanomyces and tannin. Whoooohooo.The people next to us had a gigantic pepperoni pizza on the table.  It looked alright, a little soggy for my taste. I also saw some spaghetti and red sauce dishes that appeared to be nothing spactacular.Sarie ordered a cup of coffee and we relaxed a minute. The menu looked good, we decided to share a 'panini'... We ordered the proscuitto and brie. "That sandwich is no longer on the menu" our server tells us. What are you talking about, I think to myself, it's printed right there, stupid. Obviously it's on the menu. How about saying something like 'Oh, i'm very sorry, we're out of that one. maybe you'd like the _____ instead.' But I said Ok, we'll take the meatball sub.  Big mistake. First of all, it had very marginal flavor. The 'meatball' was more like a mushy sausage patty than a meatball. The red sauce was equally flavorless and I only knew it has cheese because I could see it. No taste there either.  AND it was certainly not a panini, which should be pressed and grilled. This was more like a toasted sandwich. Im sure Quiznos has a better one, anyway. The garlic fries would have been wonderful if they were not served cold. 80 degrees is perfect for San Diego, not frenchies. I would have sent for some fresh ones, but our server might as well have been David Copperfield's sister, as good as she was at vanishing. We got the bill, and I was surprised to see that Sarie's cup of coffee cost about as much as a footlong meatball sub at Subway (which is where we should have gone in the first place).Started feeling sick on the way home (although that might've been due to last night's festivities, which included copious amounts of liquid courage and about 65 cubic yards of mentholated smoke).Oh, and the groupon isn't even good until tomorrow, so now I'll have to go back, although I really don't want to. But when I do, it'll be for 2 bottles of La Folie and some hot garlic fries.All in all, this was a terrible way to spend $20 and an hour of our time. Blah food, blah service, blah blah blah. I'm giving it 2 stars only because of the great beer list and clean atmosphere.Thanks you guys. Always a pleasure telling you how it is.
4	Delicious drunk food but extremely pricey even for the Strip.Typical "American" style pizza.  Not NYC.  Not Chi Town.  The pies are, dare I say, Pizza Hut on steroids.  Chewy, bready crust slathered with sauce, generously topped with quality ingredients, finished with an almost excessive amount of cheese.   Over the top in true Vegas Strip fashion.Sauces are bold and flavorful.  The pies are well seasoned and not excessively oily thanks to the fresh (not processed) cheeses.  The "Miles 10 Meat" pizza with its outstanding three meat bolognese sauce and toppings of prosciutto, pepperoni pancetta, sausage, bacon, mortadella and cappacola toppings is a meat lovers delight.  The "Mushroom Ragu" is another standout.  The perfect mix of earthy mushrooms paired with creamy, melted, fresh mozzarella.All is not perfect, the crust in the middle of every pie so far has been soft from excessive sauce.  It becomes the stuff of legend if you like to indulge on cold pizza the next morning.You can build your own pie from an extensive list of ingredients.  Slices are also offered along with salads, pastas, and sandwiches.Service is fast and friendly.Very good selection of beers on tap or by the bottle.  Prices are higher than it's Mandalay Place neighbors.Strip indulgence comes at a price:  $19 for a 12" pie, $30 for an 18"; build your own starting at $15 (12"), $23 (18") adding $2 per topping.Recommended.
5	Great people working there! Thanks Gary ( bartender) and Monica (manager) you guys were awesome! We had a fabulous time having drinks and talking. We enjoyed our dinner, thanks Monica!
5	Excellent!I especially loved the Pesto Pizza!!The plain slices are fantastic.It's a bit pricey, but worth it for mid mall snacking.Give it a shot!!!
4	Omg. At 3 in the morn??  Nothing better!
5	So I'm not sure why the other ratings ware so low. I had a wonderful experience here.Keep in mind this is a pizza joint. This isn't 5 star dining. They have a juke box, a bar, beer, and pizza.  FAN-TASTIC. It's in Mandalay Place next to the burger place.I got the truffle white pizza [$18.95] and antipasto salad both were delicious. Friend got gnocchi and calamari both very good.  Thank God we made a reservation b/c b/w this and the burger joint next store there were 20 people or so hanging outside waiting to get in and seated.  We got there around 7:45 pm on a Tuesday night.  We walked right up, told the girl my name, and sat right down. Service was outstanding!  I can't say enough about how much they checked in on us to make sure we were doing ok. And like 6 difft people. One guy brought our apps, another guy brought our wine, another guy took our order, another person brought our food, all the while the waiter was making sure we were doing fine w/ every round of food.
4	It was a very good place to eat for a full sized meal...it didn't have that "wow" factor flavor i was hoping for...but the bread appetizer with a roasted garlic came close and is a must try
4	Good food, bad prices. That about sums up Slice of Vegas. I came here on a Monday evening with my fella and Groupon in hand. The wait was minimal, although I was surprised that there was a wait at all on a Monday. Once seated, our waiter slash bartender was extremely attentive and friendly. He didn't even give me a snarky look when I mentioned I had a Groupon, kudos for that. I ordered the gnocchi with alfredo sauce and my fella got the barbecue chicken pizza. He really enjoyed his pizza, despite the $19 price tag for a single serving. My gnocchi wasn't bad for price and taste. I would probably order it again, since it's not too expensive. The food didn't blow me away, but it was solid and service amped up the star-rating on this review a bit too. I probably won't go out of my way to go back to Slice of Vegas, but if you're in the area and craving a slice of 'za and beer, this place is for you.
4	My favorite pizza is BBQ chicken and they serve up a very good version here. The prices weren't too bad with the Groupon my girl had. Service was decent, they have a good amount of beer on tap and they air football in the bar. What's not to like about this place?
2	Slight wait for a table even though many were available. Found our server and overall service to be very good. The croutons on the salads were stale. Pizza looked to be on par with CPK, but the taste turned to be extremely bland. Bland like a frozen pizza. Again the service was good.
2	The bottom line: STAY AWAYOver priced, middle of the road, food even with restaurant.com certificate.Horrible service! Waiter was NOT interested in waiting on us. We're not demanding with special orders or extra things either.Waiter helped himself to a 20% tip (suppose to be 18% per cert) and over charged my credit card by $10. After I got home I called and spoke with a manager and he corrected the credit card charge. When I told him about the tip he gave me his email and said he would mail me the 2% back. The tip issue isn't worth my time. I recommend staying away from Slice of Vegas. There are WAY too many other better places to eat. If you have eaten here check your credit card statement.
2	It seems we had a one time bad experience this past sunday. The Tuscan Salad was good but the Nonna's Margherita pizza was very soggy and tasteless. We could see the basil but there was no taste. We told our server ?Brent? but he didn't really seem to care. He brought us our check instead. Having lived around the US including Brooklyn and having italian pizza in Italy, we won't be returning here. I'm glad others haven't had this experience. The prices like most things in Vegas are inflated.
1	We came because we were suckered by a Groupon. I recommend checking Yelp reviews before buying. The hostess was nice and seated us promptly. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable. We ordered Wings, a 12" Four Cheese Truffle Pizza, and some Stone IPAs. The craft beer is awesome but at 9$ a pint it's nearly extortion. The wings were some of the nastiest things I've ever tasted and were left untouched without comment from the server, despite his acknowledging that we enjoyed our pizza. The pizza was good, but at 19$ for a 12 inch pizza, there are many stronger options in town. Tip, a Brita water filter cost 12$. Invest in one, your water is third world. Overall, this is one place I will avoid with every fiber of my being. Your TGI Fridays service cannot overcome your mediocre food, constant  skipping of music thirty seconds into a song and over playing of The Killers.
3	Very friendly service with very mediocre pizza.  THe caesar salad was fresh and yummy but the pizza was caca.
3	As mentioned many times in reviews, Slice of Vegas is overpriced for what you get. The environment is fun and welcoming. It would be great for a group of friends and they have TV's  all over so you can catch a game from any seat in the place. The hostess was friendly. The server was nice but seemed to be robotic in his approach. It was not very busy when I dined here and service was mostly prompt. TV's were everywhere but the volume was not too loud so you can easily have conversations with your group while dining and watch the games. The pizza was very good, NOT great but very good. Ordering a small (12') will set you back $20. It is good but not at all worth that price even being in Mandalay Place. The cocktails were well made. The presentation was weak but the flavor was perfect. The What's 6" and hard  is cucumber Efiin and very refreshing. The Mob-a-rita is an Italian Margarita and also quite nice, They do pour a little heavy handed but the balance is still nice for the cocktails. $14 for cocktails and they are about 10 ounces. The concept is good, the atmosphere is fun and the food is pretty good. The cocktails were the star but when considering the price of everything I can't give it more than 3 stars. It is nice to grab a bite before a show at the House of Blues or if you are shopping but it is not worth making a special trip to check out.  Much better in concept than reality.
3	FYI, this is located in the Shops at Mandalay, across from LUSH.  It might be easier to get here via Luxor than the Mandalay parking garage..... I hit up this place with a Groupon in tow.  I was here on a mission -- try the vegan pizza.  Sat at the bar, ordered a (crazy expensive) beer, and ordered the 18" vegan "faux pie" pizza to share with the BF.  Pro tip: the 12" pizzas are TINY and a rip off at $20 each.  For $30, the 18" pizzas are still really pricey, but at least you can feed 4 people off of it. (Or two people with plenty to take home!)The pizza was super tasty - good crispy crust, nice sauce, good vegan (Daiya) cheese to veg to crust ratio.  If I didn't have to fight my way through the hot mess that is trying to park at Mandalay Bay, and it weren't so expensive, I would eat here all the time! That said, I probably won't frequent this place due to those problems.They have a great selection of very expensive beers (I think the cheapest is a $6 bud light equivalent), but that's probably par for the course at a casino.  They have a few good quality drafts (Stone IPA!) and lots of good bottles.They also have a few vegan/veganizable pasta options ($12+) and salads ($10).Pizza was delicious leftover cold the next day, so if you're staying at Mandalay, just get the large and eat the rest when you're hungover then next morning.Service was Ok, not lacking nor exceptional.  No restroom.  There are lots of TVs for sports watching (did you know there's a CrossFit Olympics?! that's what was on while I was there.  Nothing helps you work up an appetite like watching impossibly thin and muscled women doing 500 deadlifts and pullups, amirite??)
4	Gary was a great server steering us to try the cannoli and it was fresh and better than most. The filling could be more dense but it hit the spot regardless. Pizza is NYC style and good. A tad expensive which is the norm on the strip. Speedy service. Would go again.
2	Bought a dining certificate from Travelzoo $39 dinner: 2 glasses of wine, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees. We called in advance to make a reservation for Friday at 7 o'clock; it was totally unnecessary. The restaurant was only half full. We were first seated in booth overlooking the mall, but I became nauseated from the overpowering scents wafting over from Lush. They moved us without any trouble.We asked to substitute beer for wine, but no go. House wine was the only option. Two pinot grigios were brought over. It was really sharp, way too much acidity.We started with the tuscan salad ($10.95) Fresh spring mix, tossed with diced Roma tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, sliced red onion, basil, parsley and toasted chunks of herb infused bread. Finished with an aged balsamic vinaigrette. And garlic fries ($6.95). The salad was nicely dressed and fresh only complaint was the lack of mozzarella cheese. The fries were shoestring and crisp, but pretty average. The garlic aioli was heavy; not a fan.Next we had the Margherita ($18.95) pizza and the rigatoni with meatballs and bologonese ($17.90). With a name like Slice of Vegas I had to try the Pizza. I wish I hadn't. The rigatoni was far superior. The margherita crust was tasteless and the ingredients lacked that high quality flavor. It was a real disappointment. The meatballs were ok, they tasted too bready to me, but the bolgonese sauce with the rigatoni was a real surprise. My husband and I both liked it.If I were judging the pasta and salad on its own, I'd give an A-OK rating, but since the signature item is pizza. This was definitely "meh" and we were thankful our tab was about 50% off. It's definitely not worth full price.
2	Nothing special here except for the beer selection.The 10 meat pizza was decent.The caesar salad was the most bland salad I've come across.The waiter had no idea what was going on, but it was his first day so I'll forgive him.I can't say that the decor was anything special, just looked like every other pub/lounge I've ever been in.
3	Service was excellent.  I just went to the deli part to get a slice of cheese to go.  The gal was sweet and they put them in a brick oven to reheat each slice.  Bonus!  Pizza was just, eh.  Maybe the fresh, made to order pizza is much better.  Very well priced and if I ever need a quick bite I will be sure to return!
4	Big slice for $5. The pepperoni was good- lots of flavor, wide, flat slices. The crust was thin and crisp. I would've preferred more sauce but I enjoyed this pizza
3	Service was great, everyone was very nice and attentive. Which is always a good thing at any restaurant. They had a Sunday brunch special, so my husband and I really wanted breakfast food because for those two days in Vegas we were NOT able to get up early for breakfast, must be the Alcohol! We order steak hash, pieces of steak toss with season potato in a skillet topped with two over easy eggs and served with toast. This was really good and the steak wasn't chewy and nasty. Seasoned potato, good. We figure that since this place is called Slice of Vegas, we should try their pizza, 12 inch pepperoni. Pizza was pack with flavor BUT the pepperoni was salty and made the pizza really greasy. We had to ask for napkins to daub the grease off. The grease turned me off, it made the pizza soggy because of the grease. Ugh.
3	Service: Excellent and efficient, super friendly hostess and servers. Menu: a nice variety of salads and pizzas, Plenty of great beers but the best ones are not on tap. Prices are high but its the strip so I guess that is expected. $18 for a 12 inch cheese pizza is kind of ridiculous but again, being that it's in the Luxor, you know you are overpaying to begin with. Pizza: pretty damn good. It's not what I normally get, which is traditional cheese NY pizza but this is the type of pizza that is great if you get some toppings. We enjoyed it and would definitely get it again. Salad: perfect amount of dressing to veggies. Tasty and fresh.Overall: if you are in the Luxor this is a good option. Would I go back just to eat here again, probably not. But if I was over this way, I would def eat here again.
2	Came in here for lunch as we were hungry and in between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. This place is closer to Luxor.Ordered soup, pizza and 2 drinks. The soup was okay, but sadly had a beef stock when it didn't need one. Ordered the veggie pizza. It was very soggy and laden with cheese even when we asked for light cheese.The server was nice, but for the price and quality of pizza at a pizza place, I'd rather go somewhere else.
2	I guess I expected better pizza in Vegas with all the former east coasters that have set up shop here. This place goes down as another fail in my book. Service and atmosphere was just fine, but the pizza was just meh and bland. Got a large with meatballs and ricotta to share with wifey and I, a lover of pizza, had one slice and decided it just wasn't worth it. Crust was dry, had no flavor, and I guess same went for the cheese and sauce. If you are looking for good pizza on the strip, my bet is still secret pizza.
5	Delicious pizza, excellent service, reasonable prices (for the Strip).  Of note is the vegan menu--they don't treat vegans like they are bothering the staff.  There is a special menu and my wife loved the vegetarian meatball sub.
2	Stopped in here about 9pm on a Sunday night, not very busy. Friendly hostess told us we could sit anywhere.  Sat right at the bar.   Bartender very slow to provide service.  We ordered 2 beers and she came back shortly there after.  Simple order, basic 3 topping pizza.    Pizza came very quickly brought out by the kitchen, asked if we needed anything else.. Told him plates and silverware would be nice.  Bartender comes over and throws down 2 plates...  Pizza was actually very good, sausage, chicken, pepperoni, nice crust sauce not too sweet.   Price was kind of high, $38 for a 12" 3 topping pizza, a Peroni and a Stella. Asked once for the check, not sure if she didn't hear us or just wasn't up to customer service this evening, never asked how anything was.  Lucky we had cash or we may still be waiting.  Bottom line, would go back for the pizza, but horrible customer service by the bartender on a slow night and a bit pricey.
5	As a vegan this place is great.  Ive tried the vegan bbq chicken pizza, & the meatless meatball pizza, both were delicious.  They have the meatless meatballs as an appetizer, so delicious its really a must try.  The staff is amazingly friendly and tentative.  Definitely visiting again, probably sooner than later.
1	Worst pizza i've ever had. Even pizza hut (which sucks) is better than this. We didn't even want the leftovers. My girlfriend which likes most places hated it. Save yourself. You've been warned.
1	Horrible experience! Found this place while we were walking between casinos. They looked open so we walked in and sat at the bar. We could tell the bartender was busy but she took care of us pretty quickly and got our order in and got us some drinks. We were hungry so we ordered a pizza and some fries. After 40 minutes it was apparent there was something wrong in the kitchen. No one had a pizza at their table.  A few finally came out and they were for people who came in 15 minutes after us!  So, after an hour of waiting, with no one coming to check on us or tell us anything i asked the manager, Christy, about the status of our order. She was completely unprofessional and rude. According to her they were technically closed and re opened to accommodate "your group" and they were shorthanded. We should be patient and grateful that they were serving us.  WHAT!?  I was not part of any group that caused her back up. And furthermore, lady, you were not accommodating me, you reopened cause you saw a chance to make some money. If you didn't have the manpower, CHRISTY, you shouldn't have opened.  Minimum you should APOLOGIZE and check on my freaking order. And if you were having issues you should have stopped by sooner to let us know. Horrible customer service.  Will never go back and will warn EVERYONE.
3	We had a free $25 restaurant.com certificate and chose to use it at Slice for no other reason than we saw it on the list of restaurants and recognized the name.  It was a Saturday night and the place wasn't too packed.  There were a few booths available but they sat us in one of those booth/chair combo tables where a bunch of tables are lined up in front of one long booth.  I explain this because it becomes an issue later on.  We ordered drinks (good selection of beers.  My husband was happy to get Magic Hat #9).  We chose Mamma's Garlic Bread as an appetizer.  When it came out, the runner was going around to each table asking if it was theirs.  Ahh!  I want my garlic bread, come here!  Served on a small pan with a roasted garlic head.  Interesting and kind of waste of a garlic head if you ask me but I'm only a moderate garlic lover, not a garlic-loving freak who needs a side of garlic head lol.  But the bread was pretty good.  For dinner I ordered a bowl of pasta(bilities) (haha, cute.  Yes, I'm easily amused) and chose rigatoni with the spicy marinara sauce.  The server asked me if I wanted to add a side of meatballs or a salad and I said no.  My husband ordered the meatball hero which came with fries, and he substituted regular for garlic shoestring fries.  I'm so glad he did - they were delicious.  Anyway, my meal arrived with 2 meatballs on either side of it.  I didn't order meatballs so I just scooped them off on to a side plate.  (Not a vegetarian, I just don't like things that are too "meaty".  heh.  I just walked into a bunch of one-liners, I'm sure.  But you know what I mean.)  The server apologized and offered to bring me a new bowl of pasta if I was a vegetarian.  I told her there was no need for a new bowl, but I was glad she offered. The marinara sauce wasn't bad but it tasted as though a lot of red pepper was the only reason it was "spicy" and not regular marinara sauce.  My husband enjoyed his meatball hero.  For dessert we had the sack of dough balls.  I thought these were going to be lighter, like zeppoles.  They could have been a lot more enjoyable if they had more cinnamon/sugar sprinkled on the outside and they didn't pour so much sea salt over the chocolate/hazelnut sauce. We're nearing the end of our meal and they seat a family of five right next to us... in a table of 4.  They did this on the side we were sitting on so a young boy wound up sitting RIGHT next to me as though we were in the same group.  This really didn't bother me except I thought that if I were that family I'd be pretty pissed that one of the kids has to sit in between two different tables.  We were almost done - they could have had the family wait 10 minutes to put two tables together.  And of course, I had to slide to the other side of my table to exit, which was only a small inconvenience but just made me annoyed that they would consider this setup in the first place.  The prices were not over the top, but you just don't get enough "wow" for your money here.  A single cheese slice (which I didn't try) is $4.95.  The decor is very hip and environment is pretty chill.  There is an internet juke box and the music playing was very good.  Some classic rock and you could tell the bartenders skip over songs they don't like.  It could be good or bad depending on who's listening.  Overall we probably wouldn't choose to come back unless we were in Mandalay Bay with others who wanted to try this place.  It was a decent one-time thing.  If you're there and you're feeling it, give it a shot.
4	Vegan offerings include gooey pizza and the best chocolate cake ever!Also, there is a giant cocktail bowl for 4 normal people--or enough for me and a date :)They have a fun setup with the menus on cans that double as pizza stands. I brought the whole family and the kids loved the zeppoli!
3	We jumped in one night looking for a quick nosh without breaking the bank. Food was good and the pizza (we ordered a large pepperoni extra cheese and garlic) was above average; decent crisp crust, tangy sauce and generous toppings.One of the better "on the strip" pizza placesCons:LOUD - they think they're a night club after 6pmPricey - Three topping pizza is over $30
4	I went to Slice of Vegas and was very impressed.  The ambiance was classy yet chill.  The food was wonderful.  We ordered two pizza's upon recommendation of our server David (who was great by the way) and they were gourmet quality.  The salad was fresh and tasty and cannoli for desert was the best!  Don't forget to try the Bannana Bread beer.
4	Found this place on happycow.net while searching for some good vegan food to eat in Vegas. Lucky for me this places has a new vegan menu with many delicious items. They may still be getting the details worked out as my garlic fries did come with parmesan cheese on them, but it was immediately taken care of. My veggie meatbull sub was pretty delicious. Prices on many of the items seemed a bit high, but they all sounded amazing. I couldnt't bring myself to the try the nearly 20$ vegan 12 inch pizza, but it sounded great. Service was above and beyond as well. My boyfriend enjoyed his non veg sandwhich as well, even eating all his peppers which he normally does not enjoy. I do think the beers on tap could be expanded, but they do have a large selection of bottles available.
4	Nice to have another Vegan option I can enjoy. We stopped in Saturday night for a bite and a beer. They have a great beer selection!! I had the pasta and sauce, my wife had the veggie burger both were good. The manager brought me out a vegan meatball to try. A very nice gesture....it was good but not great it lacked flavor. They were busy but were stil able to smile and provide good service. We will be back.
4	Such a great time! Went on a Monday midday. Had a restaurant.com certificate to use and it came in very handy. I was anxious to try this place because it has lots of vegan offerings. When I asked the server about what they had that I could try, he brought me an entire menu full of choices. We had the vegan chicken wings (with vegan ranch), and though a bit salty, they were pretty good. In addition, we ordered a vegan pizza, but when the waiter saw that it was not prepared properly, he made sure to buy us a round of drinks. Service was efficient and very friendly. I would go back in a heartbeat.
1	Stopped in with my boyfriend on Sunday night to grab a bite to eat on our way back to our room. By that time the restaurant was closed so we could only get pizza by the slice. They had pepperoni or cheese so we grabbed a slice of each. The pizza was very greasy. Unfortunately, we have both been sick with food poisoning ever since. Needless to say, we won't be returning.
5	Great food. The il Mangino pizza is amazing. Wings and fries super tasty.  Great service and super friendly staff. Will definitely come here again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This is a great restaurant to frequent if you're staying in Mandalay Bay or the Luxor (or attending a Convention in Mandalay Bay).   I ate here twice during my stay and was happy both times.  First I tried the Vegan Faux Pie which was good.  The second time I got the vegan meatball sandwich, the "Not You're Momma's Garlic Bread", and the vegan cake.   The vegan meatball sandwich was good, but the "Not You're Momma's Garlic Bread" was amazing - incredibly uniquely flavored, and unlike anything else I've ever had.  It comes with three large slices and on its own would probably be almost enough for a meal. I also recommend the cake - the cake portion was good, and very moist but could have been slightly more chocolatey.  But the frosting was unbelievable.
5	My husband & I stayed in Vegas last week & we had the opportunity to eat here at Slice, it was GREAT! We have had lots of different pizza from Califronia to Washington for 25 years & this was our favorite, the dough was perfect & the pesto sauce was to die for, making me hungry now.  Every bite was so authentic, the Italian favors reality came thru. The saff was friendly, helpful & very attentive!  If you get the chance when your in Vegas to stop at Slice we would highly recommend it! Thanks again Big Slice:-)
2	Food was fair but service was horrible!  Took an hour to get 2 gluten free pizzas and 2 pastas.  Not busy at all yet the waiter never came to our table either before or after food came.  When mentioned to him upon receiving the bill his reply was "yeah - it happens!"
4	The location is extremely convenient if you're staying at Mandalay, but there's no area for those who are waiting to be seated so people are just left to stand around and get in the way. Poor planning...? Their signature pizzas are very obviously west coast-inspired and none of them sound the slightest bit appetizing (seriously people,... there's a reason why it isn't known for pizza!) So I opted to keep it simple and ordered a "build your own" with just extra cheese and pepperoni. Very good stuff! It is on the oily side, and it's covered in oregano, but the NY flavor was there. We ordered the 18 inch and pre-coupon the cost was $30. Holy crap!!!! But Henderson's Settebello aside, this is definitely THE best pizza you'll find in Vegas.
5	Met friends here for dinner.  I had the salmon, vegetables and french fries.  They were all great.  Service was good and the waitress was very attentive to us.  Cool restaurant.  The place was packed, but they got me seated quickly.  We spent a long time talking and eating but they never rushed us to finish and get out.  Classy place.
4	The service is excellent here.  Last time I went I had 3 servers helping my table. The food is good for the price considering we're in Las Vegas and not NYC.  Good beer choices as well
5	Best vegan restaurant on the strip. The also have regular food but vegan meatballs, and vegan burger are amazing. They also make a vegan chocolate cake that is unbelievable. The waitress Megan rocks. She will recommend all the best tasting food."
5	I found Slice of Vegas by accident when I was on groupon looking for some discounts on food. read reviews about it, and lots of people have been bragging about how good the service and the pizza is at this place. Slice of Vegas is located in Mandalay bay, just right next to Burgr bar. The place is big for a pizzeria but there is always a lot of people waiting to be seated.  The menu contains a typical selection of pizza, and my favorite pizza is the "miles 10 meat" pizza. like the name implies, the pizza has 10 different kind of meat on it. good thing about slice of vegas is that, the pizza was never frozen, u can really taste the freshness of it. The pizza slices were thin. it has that crispiness that I really like, with a perfect amount of chewiness. and the flavor is really good. I have only tried 2 of their pizza at this place, the miles 10 meat and the 4 cheese truffle. The sauce on the pizza was good. its the perfect amount. on the miles 10 meat, the sauce was dark red, and a bit sweet. u cant really taste the tomato flavor of it, which is a good thing for me, since I hate tomatoes. The amount of cheese on it was in good balance. All the ingredients on the miles 10 meat were tasty. The 4 cheese truffle is good, but tends to be very oily. Overall, the pizza were really good and I would really recommend it. its not really a wow factor but we are in vegas and not nyc. I think the pizza really taste good. it has the perfect balance of sauce, toppings and cheese. it has that perfect crispiness with every bite. ull even lick ur fingers, coz its that finger lickn good. lol.
1	Shoestring fries with Parmesan garlic and garlic aioli was very tasty.  I had a meatball sub with a side of marinara sauce and my wife had the pasta Alfredo with shrimp. Food was okay but nothing spectacular. Service was decent but nothing out of the ordinary. Server refilled our drinks a couple of times and asked how everything was. The shocker was when we got the bill and there was a mandatory 18% tip already added although it was just my wife and I. I don't have a problem adding a service charge for groups of 5 or more but for 2 people. Plain ridiculous. What's worse is there is a line for additional tip on the bill. Not coming back again. Would not recommend to my friends.
5	So I have only been here 2 times and I think it's pretty good. I'm a vegetarian and I shared a (what I think is) vegan cake with my vegan friend and it was pretty bomb. Had the vegan "chicken" wings and they were really good... but a little bit too small for the price. Had the "meatball" vegan pizza and it was to die for. I absolutely love their "meatballs". If you are a vegan or vegetarian that likes to eat vegan food, I definitely recommend this place because it has a good vegan menu.
5	Oh. My. God. Located  in the shops that connect Luxor and Mandalay, I ate at this place TWICE in one day. Ordered the vegan pie, garlic pesto bread, garlic fries and chocolate cake with peanut butter icing on the lunch visit. Lets start with Mama's garlic bread. Holy hell. This is probably the best garlic bread I have ever had. They give you a roasted head of garlic and the pesto on top is life changing. We ordered ours with Daiya as well. I just scooped out garlic (eventually resorting to squeezing every last drop of garlicky goodness from it's vessel) and spread it across the slices. It comes with four pieces of bread, so enough to share, if you are feeling generous. Well, everything we ate the portions were perfect for splitting.Then the garlic fries. I don't know what kind of magical mayo like basil dip they came with as well as ketchup and a generous heaping of diced garlic sprinkled over top, but it draws you to it like a moth to a flame. The fries are super thin and cooked to perfection. Not over salted as often is the case with fries.The pie. We ordered the 12" vegan pizza with diced eggplant, zucchini, roasted pepper and Daiya cheese. It too, perfectly seasoned and portioned.After all that, we still had room for the moist chocolate cake with whipped peanut butter frosting. Our slice was about 4 in. x 4 in. Atop a chocolate drizzled plate beside grapes rolled in sugar and a sprig of mint. It was nice to go from a well balanced and not overly sugary dessert to that little kick of wow. I have never once thought of doing that to grapes but it worked.For my return dinner visit I ordered the vegan wings and more garlic, Daiya bread to go to eat on my return flight home. I was pleased to find I still got my roasted garlic in the box for the bread.The wings were Gardein chicken strips with a sauce cup of buffalo sauce and one of ranch with carrot and celery sticks.  Vegas is not a place I will be returning anytime soon but if I did, you better believe I would find my way back to this place. Much better than the Cantina a couple of doors down which also offers vegan options (3 star review to follow). I was also impressed our waitress Bianca, though not vegan herself and with us being her first vegan customers had been telling people that the cake was vegan after they'd eaten and raved about it. She said people often have stigmas about vegan food being disgusting and it's just not the case. :)
2	Walking from Mandalay Bay to the Luxor, we were hungry and saw this Pizza place.  There are two options, sit-down or quick "order by the slice" counter seating/to go.  We decided to stop by the quick side and order a couple of slices to dine at the counter.It's a typical "order by the slice" joint....you select your Pizza slice and they re-heat it and call your number to pick it up.  We ordered 2 slices of Cheese Pizza.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/slice-of-vegas-las-vegas?select=e7il4LoTHrBJ4bjvybT2CA#e7il4LoTHrBJ4bjvybT2CAIt didn't take too long for the Pizza to be ready.  The Pizza itself was forgettable though.  It was a little Salty and lacked flavor beyond the Salt.  The Crust was a bit like cardboard, very tough.....there's a difference between chewy and tough....I like chewy, but dislike "tough" dough.Overall, we felt like we wasted calories.Return Factor - 10%
2	Passable. Nothing was bad and surely nothing was great- with the exception of the roasted elephant garlic which accompanied the garlic bread. No way that was a 12 inch pizza. Thank goodness I only ordered one with one topping. I would have been really miffed if I would have gotten one of the specialty ones that was 19$ for that dinky of a pizza. Salads are crazy over-priced- I mean crazy...$12 for a salad they said was supposed to have a variety of items besides lettuce. Was almost all lettuce and a pittance of the other items. Beer prices are a little high as well. Service was a mix- waiter was very nice and helpful. However one of the hostesses was literally a deer in headlights. She must have literally stared at me for 4 or 5 minutes while I stood in front of her. I finally had to say I had a reservation and she was like "Oh" It was really weird and then sadly her manager remarked that she's "highly qualified to be a hostess" instead of saying he was sorry for what happened. Strange management. Incredibly overpriced. A big waste of your time. The taste of the food is just over a 3 out of 5, but their cheapness in ingredient use and price-gouging lands them an overall 2. If you come here, you surely won't leaving saying the food tasted bad, but you might be mad at yourself for the reasons mentioned above. There are SO many better places to go in Vega$ @ all price points where you get your money's worth whether high or low. This is SURELY not one of them.
1	Worst pizza in the world! I wouldnt take there pizza for free let alone 30$ for it. Much better choices in town. Service is not professional and lacks attention mid week afternoon shifts. The bartender has to serve you because theres no waitstaff on floor. The place is so dead, they dont staff and it effects service.
2	Tastes like Totinos!
1	Had a Groupon so decided to try it. Wait was FOREVER even though there were plenty of tables available. I hate when restaurants do that. The two pizzas we ordered took a while. We began to get antsy. Where is the management??? Nothing here but young people who don't try any harder then they have to. Then the pizza came. They were cardboard thin and greasy. The buffalo chicken one had an interesting taste, but I was still hungry. Then we got the check. They automatically charged 18% gratuity on the check. I saw they automatically charged 20% for parties of 8 or more so beware. Our 18 inch buffalo chick pizza and 18 inch pepperoni pizza came out to about $50 even though we had a Groupon for $20 for $40. The automatic gratuity came out to be just as much as a pizza!  Not worth it.
3	We needed something quick to eat. My husband just got off work and met me at Mandalay Bay for a concert. I remembered they put in a pizza by the slice place, so this is where we headed. It was quick but  wasn't cheap which I knew it wouldn't be. I had a cheese slice, he got pepperoni. It's pretty basic pizza that you get at any shopping mall. It was edible and works if you're drunk or hungry but I wouldn't choose to eat here or recommend it.
3	This was a good place to grab a quick bite to eat. Pizza and sandwiches were both yummy, service was friendly. Not gourmet but a nice switch up from the usual fancy restaurants or buffets that you get in Vegas.
3	Eh ... I'm not entirely sure how I feel about this place. I've been to slice of vegas twice now. Both times the wait to sit was entirely too long, so I opted for the to-go bar area instead. I will say that having this little bar area is great for people who want their food without waiting for a seat. The quality of the pizza is only so/so (it's a bit too greasy for my taste), and the ready slices taste kinda stale. Definitely opt for making your own pizza if you have the time/money/friends to eat with you (because the pizza size is actually decent). As far as trying anything else, I've only had the 'Not Your Mama's Garlic Bread' - which was a let-down (not very garlic-y). Oh also, this place isn't cheap - but where in Vegas is?? But there is a saving grace - it's right next to a Fat Tuesday's - SCORE!
5	I had heard from many people that eating vegan in Vegas was fairly difficult. I found quite the contrary. I also was coming from a highly isolate hunting community in the middle of northern Canada, so I could be a bad judge but many restaurants in Vegas not only offer vegan options but have a fully vegan menu available upon request. Slice of Vegas was of our first stops, the night we arrived. We were famished, of course. Slice of Vegas is located in lovely Mandalay Place which is easily accessible from the Luxor hotel. Unfortunately, the restaurant was full, so we didn't get to dine in but the waitress told us we could order from their take-out window. That's what we did. Ana and I opted on sharing the BBQ chick'n pizza, Dave went for the meatless meatball sub and we all got a slice of their peanut butter chocolate cake for dessert.The food was incredible, flavourful and even the biggest meat-eater would not be disappointed with the vegan food. The cake was simply delicious that I can't help but rave about that all on it's own. It was moist and extremely chocolatey, along with that delicious peanut butter creamy frosting. It was the perfect place to start off my palate's vacation.
1	I cannot believe the high ratings this place had. Granted, I got it to go by the slice, here is my story:I was nursing a pretty sick hangover. It was around 3pm. Staggering back to my room at the Luxor, from my friends room at Mandalay Bay, I passed by Slice of Vegas, and was drawn in, if by nothing but the fact it would be quick and to go. There was no one in line. I placed my order, as did about 10 people that lined up behind me. It wasn't until all 10 had been placed that cashier started to dish out slices from the case which I had until this point figured had been for display only. I mean why else would it have not been served as soon as I ordered it? About 20 minutes later, everyone's orders placed she began throwing the slices out. my room was a brisk 3 minute walk away, and by the time I arrived the slice was cold. It didnt even look appetizing. Didnt taste any better than it looked. It had that concession stand pizza taste, only older.Much better options for a quick bite to eat, maybe you have to get the whole pie to not have a horrid experience?
5	Seriously awesome pizza ! Try the Il Mangino ! It's freakin awesome . Totally boss service and just as tubular staff. Their specialty drinks are to die for and the garlic bread comes with A REAL CLOVE OF GARLIC !!!
3	Got the BBQ pizza special and some soup. The soup was very yummy. loved it!The pizza was nothing special IMO and i was starving. But we got a groupon for it and it was the cheapest lunch choice for us on the strip.oh and tried some of my brother's cajun fries. they were pretty good.
4	The pizza was delish, we ordered in the short order by the slice area.  We had a slice of pepperoni and a slice of cheese.  I wouldn't say it's the absolute best, a place in Austin, and a place in Chicago take that title, but it was in the running for a solid 3rd!  I knocked off a star for price.  $5 for a slice is a little ridiculous, but I guess it's just another price you pay for a trip to Vegas, especially since a couple hours earlier I had the worst Vietnamese food in my life.  You can read that review here on yelp!
3	This place was OK. $30 for a whole pizza. Service was slow to get seated when there were plenty of booths open. Service was also slow to get the check. Both were annoying because we needed to get going. The first time I went here was just to get a slice of pizza and service was fast. I think I will do that next time if I go there.
4	Absolute surprise and great find! We were looking for a place to eat and my kids wanted pizza. To our delight not only did they have pizza for one child (really good size portion for kids menu), some of the best mac 'n cheese I've ever had. Plus I had their Antipasto salad and my husband a sandwich. We loved it so much we grabbed a few slices one evening after hanging out in the pool. (You can get it by the slice  - but I recommend if you are gonna need a whole pizza order ahead. It takes 15 -20 min. or they overcharge for by the slice.)
4	Real good pizza.  My mom loved the titan veggie burger.  A little expensive or I would give it a 5.
4	Excellent!I love Groupon deals because it allows us to try restaurants that otherwise we won't care to visit. This was a Groupon deal that did not disappoint and I would come back and dine here again because of what I ordered the first time. I had the Salmon Portofino and it was delicious!  The filet of grilled salmon was tasty and fresh and served with angel hair pasta tossed in garlic and olive oil with cherry tomatoes and fresh basil. My husband had the Bisteaka, chef's cut of steak grilled to how you like it and came with potato hash and red wine mushroom sauce.It was a little crowded that evening so the atmosphere was a little loud. Dimmed lighting. As crowded as it was, though, we were seated immediately and our server was very attentive, always checking on us if everything was alright. This restaurant is located in the Mandalay Bay shopping area. Great experience!
3	This was my second time here (first time being the same time last year) The service started off a little spotty at first but got much better as the evening progressed. Everyone had different items but I had the roasted cauliflower and a side salad as my meal. The roasted cauliflower was quite flavorful for a pizza place and I wish I had ordered another one. My friends Salmon left something to be desired however and we sent back the first one as it was way over cooked. The second one came out better but we learned our lesson, do not order a fish dish at a pizza place even i they advertise it. All in all, everyone else seemed to enjoy the rest of there meals and drinks. I am sure that when I  am back in Vegas again for work, I will be heading up to slice for either pizza or just the roasted cauliflower.
3	The staff and service was fantastic! The pizza is above average but a bit pricey for what you get. My wife had dirty silverware and I had a dirty plate which got exchanged for another dirty plate...seems like the dishwasher should be fired.
5	AMAZING pizza! Will eat here every time I come to Vegas! White pizza FTW
4	Loved this place! The vegan pizza was so good. My husband and I shared the buffalo one.  There is a huge assortment of beers but most are bottle, unfortunately.  We alse had some appetizers like the vegan garlic bread, vegan wings and vegan cauliflower. Delicious!  Definitely a must for any vegan in Vegas if you want some good bar type food!
3	After checking in at Mandalay Bay, we decided to grab some food before heading out for the night. Slice of Vegas is located in the Shoppes at Mandalay Place, which is connected to the hotel and casino, and is perfect for a casual, quick, bite to eat.My cousin and I ended up sharing the chicken wings ($9.95) in the medium sauce which was really good. I'm not usually a fan of wings but I loved these! We also made our own pizza and ordered a 12 inch pepperoni pizza for $14.95 and added mushroom for $1.95. The pizza was pretty standard but hit the spot. If you are looking for a quick bite or a place to relax after drinking and spending time in the casino, Slice of Vegas is perfect. Also, the pizza is good for hangovers ;)
2	This place is straight up garbage... The pizzas are just ok. Honestly I would rather eat dominos that this place. My friend ordered the meatballs and wow is was like frozen meatballs overcooked and dump in sauce. Would not recommend this flavorless meal. Also we ordered both soups and they were both really disgusting. The Tuscan had wayyy too much Tabasco added into it, and I love Tabasco... The other soup was just flavorless. It was like drinking water. Honestly a waste of money. Go to the food court a little farther down and get something cheaper.
4	Inexpensive, gluten and dairy free options. A great little find in an otherwise expensive and glutenous vacation...
5	1. We just happened to be at the Minus 5 ice bar next door and needed to find lunch.2. We had to go to the airport in less than an hour, so it couldn't be a drawn out meal.3. We are foodiesMan, were we blown away. All we ordered was a 'Choked Pig Pizza and it was the greatest pizza I've had since I can remember. Service was fun and personal, and very accommodating to us needing to get out. 3 of us girls DUSTED the pizza, and should have ordered a second one to go for the flights home.Will definitely be back there on my next Vegas vacation!
5	This place is exactly what you want. A slice of pizza heaven. No frills or fuss! Just a good slice of your favorite!
3	Located inside the Mandalay Bay Hotel (2nd floor), this place is a chic sports bar serving pizzas, burgers and other Italian food items at reasonable prices.  Menu is relatively extensive for a sports bar and certain food items like "curry pizza" sound pretty interesting!So, 2-3 months ago (sometime in June 2013) two friends and I went in for late night and shared a truffle pizza, a burger, 2 cups of Tuscan soup, and roasted cauliflower appetizer, all of which tasted not bad at all!  I loved the roasted cauliflower, and the boyfriend loved the pizza.  The soup was sorta bland and too watery, though.  Service was prompt and friendly.  Total paid just about $70 including tax and tips, and all three of us walked out with full, happy stomachs.
4	When I stay at the Mandalay I prefer to eat outside of the resort. I love the pizza here, the sauce and cheese portion is the way I like it, on the light side.Service is quick, staff is friendly.  If you want to get away from the buffet line, this is the place to go.
5	Great experience @ Slice of Vegas!  Thank you for offering gluten free pizza!!!  Delish!  We'll be back!
4	Came here late at night to satisfy my pizza cravings. They have an option for take out and different types and sizes. I had the margarita pizza which was delicious. Service was quick and they were friendly, I'd go here again.
4	Food and service is good. We eat here when we are in a rush or really don't want to think a great deal about what we want for lunch or dinner. It is close to the room, is always good and service is nice. Plus they offer gluten free pasta so I can have an Italian dinner. Perfect after a long day of shopping or sitting by the pool.
4	They serve a decent slice here, given that good pizza can be hard to come buy, though I much prefer the pizza joint at the cosmopolitan. A slice, after tax, costs $5.86.
5	I walked by and what caught my attention was their sign advertising a full vegan menu! Awesome! My friends and I went in and there was something for everyone! I am so happy at how many vegan options they had! It was very good too, everyone was satisfied!!!
4	Loved their separate vegan menu! We ate there twice in one day and had a fantastic vegan pizza with roasted veggies and Daiya cheese, and salad (both options available were delicious). Loved the sweet potato fries too. Good service overall and well located, near the House of Blues, which was our destination. Would definitely go back.
1	A cheese pizza cost $22.95 and each topping cost $1.95 extra. The topping were so sparse you couldn't even taste them. We got a 18" and 12" pizza and pitcher of beer and our bill was $83.08. They automatically added 18 percent on the bill for tip. The pizza was so thin I thought I might be eating paper. Worst I ever had.  Do yourself a favor and go to Pizza Hut. I LOT cheaper and a LOT better. This is the first review I've ever done but this was so bad I felt I had to. Please stay away.
1	Over priced for what you got.  Didn't see the slices only until we ordered that might have been better.  Very disappointed.  Also $6 for a soda is outrageous.
1	I'm with the others, why would anyone give this place more than 1 star? First, it would be awesome if they knew how to cook a pizza or just even serve it hot. Second, at a slow bar, it took over 10 minutes to even be acknowledged. Vegas has seen a lot of my money , but this awful place never will again.
4	Super awesome, especially if you're looking for vegan options in Vegas. They had a whole menu full of specialty items and they were super attentive to our order (ie pointing out that my drink had milk in it when I ordered a vegan pizza to share with my boyfriend). The drinks were delicious, the garlic fries and BBQ Chik'n pizza were wonderful, and the service was excellent. I would absolutely come here again next time I'm in Vegas.
3	It's a nice relaxing place to take the kids.  They loved the pizza and the zeppoli pizza bites for dessert.  I really enjoyed the garlic bread with a baked head of garlic.  I wasn't wild about the Chicken Parmesan.  The spaghetti was good, but nothing special.  The service was good both times we were there. We'll definitely go back with the kids.
4	It is your standard pizza joint. Nothing spectacular for food. It was super crowded during dinner on a sunday evening. We waited about 30 minute to be seated. They gave the kids crayons once seated which is nice. We ordered for the table pizza and salad. Waiter was really nice. I guess for Vegas I was expecting more. There are several tv screens with sports playing on it. I guess this would be a good place for guys to hang out.
4	Love the all VEGAN menu! Many choices and all very delicious.
5	Good bang for your buck if you are staying in the hotel! The crust has a nice garlic flavor and the pizza was really fresh and hot
2	The pizza was adequate: not bad, but definitely not great.I ordered the garlic bread because some raved about it on Yelp, but after trying it I have no idea why anybody recommended it.  It could have easily been called "greasy bread" instead of "garlic bread".  It was just THIN slices of Italian bread with some garlic butter smeared on it.  It was better if you took some of the fresh garlic provided with it and put it on top.  I ordered it with cheese which I thought would be a sprinkle of cheese, but turned out to be a big glob of cheese on every slice.  My stomach hurt after eating this stuff.Some of the folks I was with said they accidentally ordered the vegan pizza earlier in the week and said they regretted it.  You are probably better off eating at Burger Bar next door.
4	Decent menu. Decent pizza. Excellent beer menu. Nice staff
3	A 12 inch pizza for twenty bucks? I guess...I ordered the hawaii 5-0 pizza, with canadian bacon, bacon, nori and dehydrated pineapples.I thought the nori was a unique touch, gave the pizza more depth of flavor. I also liked that the pineapple was dehydrated so it didn't make the pizza soggy like pineapple usually does. It also gave a nice tang, which balanced out the saltiness of the bacon quite nicely. I would say it was an enjoyable pizza, but pretty typical.
4	So good to find a place on the strip, near my hotel room at the Luxor that served up decent vegan food.  I'm not normally a pizza guy, I've lost the taste for the fake cheeses, preferring for less processed fair.  But this was good quality and delicious.  Go Vegan!  Eat Pizza!
5	Omg!!! me and my ex went there yesterday for dinner. This was the best food ever the garden salad the dressing was so yummy. Then the thin crust pizza was to die for. Then i got the fish bowl drink which was also awesome. I will deff have to make a stop here again when im in Vegas!!!
5	This restaurant is awesome. They provide both vegan & gluten free menus - as a vegan, having options is awesome! They have special drink deals during NFL games & half off appetizers during happy hour. They have quite a few tvs for sports fans. Last time we were in Vegas, we went 4 times because it was so good!! Their vegan meatball sub sandwich is fantastic.
2	This is a decent casual dining option.  The prices are ok and you can get in and out quickly.  The service is ok as well.I ordered a 12" Miles' Ten Meat pizza.  The crust, sauce and cheese or ok.  The pizza comes covered in several different meats.  You get a good amount of toppings.There are other options as well if you are not in the mood for pizza.This place is realistically a three star.  I am taking away one star for one petty thing that annoys me.  They offer a 10" pizza as well.  That would have been the preferred size for me, but it is only available in gluten-free.  I am not sure why I cannot get what I want just because hypochondriacs found a new "allergy".  Evidently lactose intolerance is no longer in so they needed a new go to issue.
2	Service was good, but that is all I can probably say about this place, because the food wasn't.I ordered the Tuscana Sausage Soup, the potatoes in it weren't cooked/boiled all the way, it was sort of too salty, but the sausage in there was pretty good.Build your own Pasta seemed like a good choice besides Pizza, but I was wrong. I chose spaghetti, bologonese sauce (meat sauce), meatballs and mushrooms for my pasta. It came out to around $22 - 24 for the pasta and those two added ingredients. While the spaghetti and sauce tasted fine, it wasn't hot, it was semi warm, and everything else that came with it. The meat balls tasted like frozen meat balls from the market, it was also warm like the pasta.All in all, I didn't like the pasta, maybe I will opt for a slice of pizza instead.
3	Ate here last night. Decor was nice and friendly staff. Ordered the calamari which was pretty good and a hand tossed pizza. I was hoping it was going to be more tasty and authentic, wasn't too impressed. But nice to say I ate here while in Vegas .
3	Overall, the food was good, but I didn't feel that it was worth the price we paid. A bit over priced. My favorite was the Romelia's salad. The citrus Italian vinaigrette was the perfect dressing. Their homemade croutons were so crunchy and tasty. We also had the il Mangino pizza which wasn't bad, paired with their garlic bread.
2	Food was average but cost was over the top. Waitress was great and location very convenient between the hotels.
4	Good place to go with the family! Tasty pizza and nice staff!Prices are on the high side for pizza but it's Vegas! Overall it's worth going to this place. Will go back again!
3	Have you ever had Tombstone frozen pizza? Because that's what this place reminds me of. My gf and I split a pizza, half cheese and half The Garden. The pizza is thin, the crust is dry. The crust is crunchy and very dry. I wasn't too stoked on it. It's not horrible, but it's not awesome. It seriously just tastes like Tombstone frozen pizza. They do have a decent beer selection though, so that's cool.The service was mediocre. Our waitress was cool. She was nice and pleasant and took care of us. The service is just slow, maybe she had too many tables? It took awhile to get our food, it took even longer to get our check. At least she was attentive. It seems to me most people who are giving it high ratings are eating off the vegan menu. I would have gladly eaten some items from the vegan menu to try it out, but my gf wasn't feeling it. I wouldn't eat here again off the normal menu, but I'd try the vegan menu just to see if it really is all that it's hyped up to be. The only reason they got 3 stars is because they have some solid craft beer choices.
5	I love this place! My friends and I ordered an 18 inch pizza with huge pepperoni and meatball slices. It was a bit greasy, but all in all a good pie. Oh also you have to try the watermelon lemonade! Yum!
3	Very friendly staff at dinner last night and lunch today.   The pasta was pretty good.  It was great to have a vegan cheese option for the pizza.  Unsurprisingly for a strip restaurant it was pricey.I would have given it another star but for the utter lack of attention I received at lunch.  Sat at the bar for 5 minutes without a bar tender coming over.  Then I sat at a booth.  The waitress promptly took my order and brought my soda.  That was last time I saw her until my lunch was finished.  The restaurant wasn't that busy so I don't understand why I was ignored.
5	Absolutely the best pizza I've ever had in Vegas. The all-meat pizza does NOT mess around. Pure awesomeness.
4	Stopped for a quick slice of pizza and a beer, that's what I call lunch in Vegas! It's located in the passage from Luxor to Mandalay and you can't miss the picture and smell of pizza as you pass by. for $4.50 you get a slice with cheese on it and then you build your own pizza using whatever ingredients on the list for like $0.50 each. Pretty large selection of beers and a lot of TVs if you want to watch some sports. They will constantly ask you if just 1 slice is enough for you - don't fall for that, the slices are pretty loaded, you won't fell hungry for the rest of the day!
4	I've gone here twice. The first time, I was extremely happy, because it was Vegan Pizza Day, and their vegan pizzas were all half off! Around $10 instead of $20. Their extensive vegan pizza menu is very exciting and delicious. However, without the half-off deal, I'm not very excited about this place. It doesn't seem like a good deal. But to be fair it is a restaurant on the strip.
3	We came here with a party of 15 and got seated in about 10 minutes on a Saturday night.  This place wasn't our first choice, the Burger Bar next door was our first but wasn't able to sit our party.Prices are decent.  I shared a large Pizza with 3 others and it came out about $20 bucks.  Pizza was thin crust, don't remember seeing any choices for thick crust on the menu.They also have a nice tap selection and the service was good.  We also got lucky and got some NFL drink specials while the playoffs were on.
5	Strolling through the shops and decide to get a slice of pizza for fuel.  Walked to the side where we can order to go.  Got a pepperoni and sausage pizza.  The pepperonis were big and pizza was thin.  Flavor was really good especially when it was piping hot.  Definitely got my fuel back after that slice.
4	Love the VEGAN menu! Thank you so much for so many options. Atmosphere was fun and the food was quite yummy. They had tasty shot specials which made dinner even more fun. Their pesto cauliflower (yes, vegan) was just delicious, even for carnivores. Impressed overall.
1	At 4:00 on Sunday 1-26-2014 the young woman at the take out slice was occupied by whatever was on her phone and acted put off by me trying to order. After ordering two two topping slices I was told that the price was fifteen dollars. I stated that a slice on the menu was less than that. This scholar hunched her shoulders and told me the prices were on the menu. After looking at the pool of grease on the display slices and considering her attitude I left. Then, as if I couldn't eat anywhere else, she shouted "next!"  Maybe it would have been effective if someone had been waiting. Too many options to have to put up with stupid. Come on folks, teach your servers the basics of customer service. How many bad reviews before people stop even giving you the chance?  And if you are having relationship problems, call in sick. It should not be your customer's problem.
1	Server had no personality-bad start. Pizza was more like one you would purchase in the frozen food aisle. Crust tasted stale and flat. Cheese quality was below average. $25 price tag was over the top. Many better choices in Las Vegas .
3	The pizza was pretty good, but I was highly disappointed that they didn't offer their special tanked drink at a smaller size. I really wanted one but there was no way that I could have drank a whole one by myself. However they did have cheery Lambic and that drink paired really well with the pizza.
5	We went to Slice of Vegas last time we were staying at Mandalay Bay.  I was really happy to see they had a vegan menu.  It's not often that you can find great vegan food and great regular food and keep everyone happy.  So this was perfect for my family.  I had the meatless meatball sub which is served with a side salad and then I ordered a vegan chocolate cake to go and it was all excellent!  My family enjoyed their meals as well and we all agreed we would like to return next time we are in town and I will have to try the vegan pizza.
3	The 10-Meat Pizza was actually really good and the atmosphere and music were nice. It's got a decent beer list, with some very different selections. No microbrews, but still some unique beers. The service, unfortunately, was terrible. Our waiter must have been a ghost, because we never saw him. When he did finally appear he brought my wife the wrong order and then had his thumb in her pasta when he finally brought the right order out. Later he took her Diet Coke for a refill and brought back an iced tea. We gave it back to him, but we were ready to pay and go by the time he finally showed up again. I hate when a restaurant takes your glass away from the table to do a refill. Just bring a new glass!!!
4	Wow. I'm actually kinda shocked this place has a good amount of bad reviews. This is one of my more favorite places to go out of my way for in Vegas for many reasons:- It's easy to get to. Since it's on the Luxor side of the bridge to Mandalay, don't even bother with the nightmarish Mandalay Bay parking lot, and opt for super easy parking on the Luxor upper parking deck. It always seems to be a shorter and easier walk.- They have an AWESOME VEGAN MENU with so many amazing offerings. I'm so glad they are advertising this now because before it was kind of by word of mouth only.  The vegan meatballs are a must! You can also get GLUTEN-FREE pizza, although it's only offered in one size (I believe 10") and does take a bit longer for them to make. They use Daiya Cheese, which is the best! They'll also add it to your vegan salads and other dishes if you ask nicely.- Great beer selection. Lots of imported stuff. Lots of good stuff on tap. Read the blackboard for the latest.- They have a to-go window. Convenient!- Wait staff is friendly, but yes, a little slow. This place gets busy though, and there is a back room where they have a lot of parties from the conference goers. So most of the available wait staff is stuck having to deal with that. No completely their fault. They could do with one less person at the front.NEWS ALERT FOR THE VEGANS: was told by the waitress last night that the chocolate cake, cheesecake, and the zeppoli (from the normal dessert menu listed on the coffee cans at your table) are all VEGAN! Don't miss out on these.
2	Don't bother unless your starved. Fairly average at best slice. Probably good if you trying to get some filler before drinking cuz you'll get it quick. Otherwise pass.
5	Before leaving for Vegas last week, I did a quick Google "Vegan in Vegas", and am really glad I did.  This little gem is in Mandalay Bay up by the shops.  They have a separate vegan menu that does not limit you to just pizza.  As I am a die hard pizza fan, I had to have the personal pan.  This is one large pie! The crust is paper thin and to die for.  They put on  just the right amount of garlic and Daiya cheese. Since I polished off the whole thing, its a good thing I had to walk back to my hotel. I have been to Vegas before and ate a lot of Subway. This time, I had better options almost everywhere I went.  I saved a copy of the menu so I can reminisce!  I did have to laugh when the waiter came to take our order and I ordered off the vegan menu, he actually said, "You know that's vegan, right?" Yes, my friend, that is why I plowed  through 2,957 tourists to get here before lunch!I can still taste the garlic...
1	The service sucked. Took forever for our pizza to come out. Not once did the server check in with us.
5	Sunday evening I dined here with a large party.  We had amazing service and an unparalleled culinary experience. The truffle pizza is to die for! I also got to try a few items on the vegan menu. One of their signature drinks, 6" and hard was a delicious treat! The vegan chicken wings and vegan pizza was amaze! I will definitely be back.
2	I wanted to like this place but I just don't. They have an entire menu that is Vegan and I love that but honestly the pizza was mediocre and WAY overpriced. You can get a better tasting and cheaper vegan pizza at Whole Foods. The roasted cauliflower was good but nothing amazing. I feel bad for the amount of money that we spent here, it could have been used for something much better.
5	My husband and I went there last night once we landed in las vegas, and I am happy we did. The slices are huge, and delicious. I did however, just get the basic cheese pizza.. kind of hard to screw up. But I have no complaints.I will definitely be going back for another slice before I go home.
1	It was a Sat. evening, so it was pretty busy. First time here, so unfamiliar with the rules of this place. They have two sides...A takeout side when you order and seat yourself and a side where you are seated and then order.We ordered a slice of pizza from the takeout side..not really thinking...and after deciding we would rather sit at a table...we waited to be seated. After being seated we informed the hostess that we ordered from the togo side, wherein we were told by a manager I'm guessing (who was very pleasant) we would have to order more food if we wanted to sit at a table. Okay, not a problem :) let's do it...and she left.Then the waitress came over and ...if looks could kill...we would be dead...lol. She was extremely rude and refused to hear the fact that we were going to order more food. Once my date left the table to check on why the food was taking so long, she walked over and demanded I leave....and at that point I lost my appetite and didn't want to even bother causing a scene or addressing the manager... there was really no reason to ruin our night over whatever issue this waitress was having. Customer service is not a priority here.
3	Pretty good... not great but good. I had the chicken parm... The lasagna is supposedly really good. The pizza looked really good too
5	Been here 3 times to eat while in Vegas. It is convenient to the Luxor hotel. A little pricy but pretty good pizza. You can get a whole pizza or they have specials by the slice. A tad bit too much garlic on the seasoned fries. I will return because of the great location, and sometimes they have a Groupon offer.
5	If you're Vegan you GOTTA check this place out. They have a full vegan menu of Pizzas, pastas, salads. sandwiches and desserts which include an AMAZING Cheesecake! Worth the trip!
4	Excellent service.  I can't remember his name but he was extremely attentive and accommodating. Great happy hour. Pizza by the slice.  Would like to try the specialty options next time.  They offer sauces other than marinara A+++! The calamari was cooked perfectly.
5	We had a simple 12' pizza and a 32 ounce beer, which they let you keep the class. The pizza was super thin crust, we had mushrooms, garlic and green peppers on it. It was hot and very fresh and tasty, can't wait to go back here again. Delicious, and our waiter Brent was really welcoming and helpful, thank you, Brent.
5	Amazing atmosphere and great food. Full list of bottles beer from all over the country. Choice of vegan and gluten free options!
1	We went here last night with a group of six. We decided to try it because I had a coupon to the restaurant and reviews seemed fair. Our server was very unenthused to serve us and our over all experience was maybe 3 stars. The reason I'm leaving them one star is after the restaurant my brother-in-law and I started feeling sick. We both ordered a side Caesar salad and a small pizza. Not only did we stay up all night throwing up but we stayed in our hotel room the entire following day with food poisoning. I was curious if it was from the alcohol but I was the only one in our group that was actually drinking that night. Our vegas trip was ruined.
4	Was starving one night and didn't want to spend a ton of cash, which is a problem if you're staying at Mandalay, since there aren't any real "fast food" places south of Excalibur.   Found Slice of Vegas by chance.  Wasn't looking for pizza, so I tried something else, and wound up having a damn good burger / salad combo.  Service was outstanding as well.  Would definitely go back again.
4	Located next door to Burger Bar inside Mandalay's shopping area, Slice is a large eatery with full bar, several televisions and a varied menu.Service was prompt and friendly as there was quite a few servers working for early Saturday lunch shift.  Slice offers, pizza's, pasta, sandwiches, salads and burgers.  We tried a burger and a Philly cheese steak sammie.  Both entree's came with choice of sweet potato or regular fries.  We both got sweet potato fries and the portions were huge!  Both of our sammies were well cooked big and flavorful not to mention the prices were considerably cheaper than Burger Bar.  One cool item we noticed was the big glass beer taps you can order and have placed on your table or in front of you at the bar.  Basically at least a yard size glass tube with its own tap on the bottom so you can pour your own glass, totally cool.I strongly recommend trying this place if your stuck in Mandalay and want to eat some place good but still affordable.
5	This pizza is a thin crust that is fantastic! I am not gluten-free but my best friend is and she ordered a fantastic pepperoni pizza and I could not tell the difference! Also the manager came out in and asked if we had any requests, we wanted gluten free beer which is Estrella Damm Daura, a gluten-free beer, so we had of beer pizza party on site! Thank you Andy and crew!! Capital awesome!
5	Can you say HANGRY?!! Except it was more like inner white girl needing copious amounts of carbs to soak up all the drinks we downed hours before! My friend and I were so drunk; almost felt like this place was a mirage except when we clutched the wall, IT WAS REAL! We did the drunk girl excitement and raised our hands to the Italian Gods for creating pizza dough! Before the waitress said anything, she knew we needed a reservoir of H2O. We finally choose to go with the Back East Buffalo Pizza & devoured it in minutes! I'm not that big fan of thin crust because sometimes it's so thin you can't put any yummy toppings on their without falling off or the crust gets burnt, but this crust was to die for (and that's not the tequila talking)! Although the prices may seem high, it's Vegas!! I rather pay more money for quality than have a free nasty meal! A good side effect of a thin crust pizza is it's enough to soak up the alcohol, but doesn't make you feel all bloated and nasty and lethargic, so you can still get into your skank dress and not feel like a sausage!
2	They have an awesome beer selection and our waiter (who was also the bartender) was incredible....but the pizza was ehh. We were buzzed and excited we had stumbled upon a pizza place. When our pizza finally came out, 45 min wait by the way, is wasn't a pizza but bread with a pool of grease on top. Super disappointing, but as we walked out the sandwiches looked decent...so maybe give those a try.
5	Had to head to the South end of The Strip on a tram to get to Slice of Vegas in the Mandalay Bay Resort. It was so worth it. This pizza place has a full vegan menu and super friendly staff. I asked for a taste of the vegan Daiya cheez so my non-vegan sister could try it before we ordered and the chef accommodated my request. Sis liked it just fine so we ordered the meatball pizza and chickUN fingers. It was really a delicious meal. I was also excited that my sister enjoyed it. They also offer Strongbo Cider by the bottle. I haven't been able to find that since I was in England years ago. Their sister restaurant Hussong's Cantina that is just a few feet away also offers a full vegan menu. We did not eat there but absolutely will my next visit. All fellow vegans please support these restaurants that have made the effort to offer us wonderful dining options!
2	Needing a food fix while walking through various casinos, we stopped here to check out the happy hour for a small nibble. We were drawn in by half price cheese slices, so we walked in and got a table. They also offer half price appetizers. We decided to start with one slice each, as they are pretty big. We also wanted to try the meatball appetizer. Upon placing our order, we are told that there is a minimum of two cheese slices per person...odd! Clearly the intention is to fill you up on cheap cheese pizza so you order less of the more expensive stuff. We didn't fall for that so one of us ordered two slices and had our one slice each. How was the food? Nothing terribly special unfortunately. The cheese pizza was super salty and the meatballs while good were generic and seemed about the same caliber as the frozen variety. Would we come here again to try the actual entrees?....no, there are far many better options in the same building even.
4	Food was very tasty. My wife had a personal pizza with 2 toppings and I had pasta with meatballs. Both were done very well. A little expensive though. With 2 non alcoholic drinks the bill was about $46. Luckily we had a restaurant.com certificate. Would certainly eat here again, preferably with another certificate though.
1	I experience better and also better flavored pizza my pizza was cold and they did he did but they didn't do a very good job the young lady behind the counter had a bad attitude like she didn't want to be there I was having a bad day either which way the person behind the counter should always treat every customer like a new page in a book I don't feel the attitude was there not very many places to sit if you just want a quick bite they do have a full seating area but not for something real quick it seems like they have a no smoking in this restaurant which is a great thing but then they just stand around outside by the door and all the smoke rolls back in, Definitely will not be back in less the attitudes change but I would never know because I'm not coming back.
5	Have eaten here twice during vegas trips, and it has been great both times! Prices are pretty high ($11 for a salad, $19 for a "personal pizza", $10 for bruschetta). But the personal pizza is large enough to split, so we paid around $45 for an app, pizza and beer.
4	This was actually my favorite restaurant that we went to on my last vegas trip and boy did we go to a lot of restaurant. My friend lysette was in charge of finding a restaurant to eat. She decided to come to this place since there was a lot of vegan choices for her. Which I love that this restaurant does this.We decided to order: Not your mamma's garlic bread-the bread had roasted garlic with olive oil and pesto. I love pesto. It was super yummy. However, I didn't think it was worth 8 buck but don't get me wrong it was delicious.House shoestring's fries: we decided to get our fries with garlic and rosemary. Fries are fries. Can't go wrong with them. Both appetizers were from the vegan menu which was great so we all got to share together. Switching over to the meat-eater menu:Choked pig pizza-we ended up going with 18 in. It was very good. Thin crust just the way I love my pizza. All the ingredient all came together really well. The pesto, the mozzarella cheese, the tomatoes, the bacon, THE BACON, haha was yummy! Overall, good stuff.
2	Meh. I've DEFINITELY experienced better...Food was extremely greasy. My friend got the pesto pasta with chicken and mushrooms and it felt like olive oil pasta. The noodles were DRENCHED in oil, it was kinda gross. This is the only time I have never liked pesto sauce!!I ordered the blue cheese burger with sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries were yummy and the burger was alright. The meat was kind of dry but all the other addings made it a pretty tasty burger.The one cool thing here though is the big glass beer taps you can order and have placed on your table! It is a glass tube that's probably yard size with its own tap on the bottom so you can pour your own glass. Very awesome if you want some beer to go with your pizza or burger!I'd really only eat here if I was staying in the Mandalay Bay and wanted to eat somewhere convenient. Otherwise, it's kind of pricy for the quality but they do give you huge portions! However, they're not to die for leftovers. There is no 'wow' factor with the food here but it's decent Italian food for a decent price. There's soo much better in Vegas though. If you're only here for the weekend, I'd try something else!
5	The pizza and beer selection fantastic! Ordered a small 'Choked Pig' and it was plenty for twoThey have some great options on tap; if you're not sure, ask for a sample!Cannoli for desert was good: crisp flaky crust and balanced filling.Late lunch= great service. Immediately seated and very little wait for food and drinks.
4	I had read some mixed reviews for this place, which is true of many places I have visited.  In town for a conference at the Mandalay Bay, we wanted to try someplace inside the hotel complex and avoid walking in the 100 degree plus heat. The menu looked pretty good, so why not give it a try?The food was pretty good, and I would go back again if I find myself in Las Vegas again.  I had the soup with sausage in it - sorry, forgot the name - and it is a much better version that the similar soup from Olive Garden.  The cheesesteak sandwhich was tasty, although a couple of pieces of the steak were a bit chewy.  Nice thin fries with the meal.The others had pasta, which you can build by picking the pasta, sauce, and proteins, and they looked very good.  Like any good Italian restaurant, there was more than enough pasta for a meal.Slice of Vegas offers desserts, and they sound pretty good. However, we were too full from the meal.  Maybe next time.I would go back again and try the pizza because the selection is fairly wide.
1	Yeah, not a good place to eat pizza, not a good place for customer service... not a good place. (Period) It looks nice from the outside. However, the attitudes of the server(s) and manager leave a LOT to be desired. Funny thing the manager stated that they put a premium on service... as I was walking out the door 100% NOT satisfied. There are too many other places to eat to have to worry about BAD attitudes.
4	We were at Mandalay Bay for a show and wanted to have a late dinner afterwards.  The Slice of Vegas was busy but was able to get us a table pretty quickly.  Our waitress was good about checking on us often.  It did take a bit to get the final bill from her but overall she was good, very friendly.I had the Choked Pig pizza.  Toppings included Pesto aioli sauce, Mozzarella cheese, sun dried tomatoes, bacon and artichoke mix finished with chopped basil and a whiskey sour cream.  It was very tasty.  The Pesto was delicious but not overly strong.  The other toppings were great.  My mom had a basic pepperoni pizza which she enjoyed.  I ate both pizzas cold the next day and they were still good.This is definitely a great place to go if you are looking for a really good thin crust pizza.  It looks like the place gets pretty wild with music and drinks on some nights.
5	This sweet elderly woman asked me for help. I thought I would be doing her a favor by taking her $100 restaurant.com coupon off of her hands since she didn't have a smart phone or access to a computer/printer.  My bad...First,  I tried a really nice restaurant,  but they would only let me use $25 at a time. Next,  I drove to 2 Japanese restaurants,  but they both didn't accept the coupon.  Then I drove to a diner, but they closed at 3pm. I should have checked my Yelp app since the restaurant.com app didn't update the diner's hours. Finally,  I called A Slice of Vegas and made reservations with the friendly receptionist.  I walked all over Mandalay Bay casino,  but could not find the restaurant.  By this time, I was at the fainting/exasperated point.  I called the receptionist again and she patiently guided me through all of the shops to her smiling face! The energetic and helpful server, Pete,  called his manager to help me figure out how to use the restaurant.com app where I had to order $75 worth of food to use $50 of the coupon. It was so worth it!The "Choked Pig" pizza had a fantastic thin, crisp crust which went well with the bacon,  artichoke & whiskey sour cream topping.  The Salmon Portofino was seared perfectly with the moist, fresh, firm fish salted & peppered just right!  I ate the Brownie Sundae with gusto and took the cannoli & tiramisu to go with my doggie bag. Am enjoying the leftovers now as I compose this review. Everyone at A Slice of Vegas was attentive and understanding.  I really appreciate their help and their amazing food!  I learned a lot and will return again for the sandwiches and salads or maybe another pizza!
4	Our waiter Daniel was great!!  Side salads are not listed on menu but are $3.99. Buffalo chicken pizza was good. I ordered the Romania  chicken salad. The chicken was dried out,  but Daniel & the mgr were quick to bring out new chicken. Maybe stick to the pizza imo.
1	Customer service was horrible, the food was gross i found out that most of the chef and the servers do not wash there hands after in the bathroom which was nasty! Not to mention I asked to speak to the manager and the manager took a long time.
3	I can't believe that I came to a pizza place and I didn't order any pizza! My friend and I shared an order of the not your mamma's garlic bread. I loved the pesto spread and the roasted glove of garlic. I had a garden salad which was filled with all the regular ingredients- tomatoes, cucumber, red onions, etc. It was almost big enough to be shared. I am a part time vegan so I was excited to see all the options on the menu. Service was friendly. There were plenty of seats for an intimate time or a big group of friends. TVs at the bar to keep you up to date on scores. There is a To Go section as well.
2	This place is just ok. Just like all eateries in Vegas, it's overpriced for the did you get. One sandwich, one pasta plate and two kids meals was about 70. To make the visit worst our server seemed like he didn't want to be there or seemed annoyed at doing his job. My cup was empty for almost 15 minutes before he noticed. It was a Tuesday evening and not very busy. Will not return or recommend.
4	Awesome place if you're vegan, vegetarian, and/or gluten free. This place has a TON of vegan options from pizza to pasta to chicken wings! I ordered some vegan chicken wings and a vegan pizza with vegan meatballs. Holy crap, it was good!Our service wasn't the greatest. Our waiter seemed like he was in a big hurry and was walking away as we were trying to order our appetizers. They also screwed up my dad's pizza twice. All he wanted was a pizza with sauce and grated cheese. They made him a pizza with cheese and sausage and then another with mozzarella and parmesan. He clearly stated, "Just sauce and parmesan." Maybe if the waiter wasn't in such a hurry he would have gotten it right the first time. This place is located in the Mandalay Shops in between Luxor and Mandalay Bay. I was staying at Vdara and it was well worth the walk. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll visit this place.
3	Slice! is set up like a NY-style Italian restaurant -- or at least what I think of as one -- with plush red leather cushions, lots of wood, and slate grey walls.  There's plenty of pizza and pasta on the menu, of course.  The food's pretty good, although I think the pasta soundly trumped the pizza.  The menu of bottled beer is surprisingly huge.  The staff is friendly and patient.
3	Stopped by for a slice only.  It was the last cheese slice in the display.   So.....who knows how old that slice was.   But......i review 'em as I get 'em.Wasn't impressed. Crust was hard.  Cheese was average at best.   I didn't like the sauce. It seemed a bit too heavy on herbs.    Also, 15 seconds after I placed my order, a fresh cheese pie came out.  Why wouldn't they have given me a fresh slice????? At $5.25 for a slice of cheese piazza,  they should have.
4	Excellent food. Portions are really big. Pizza is really big for the small personal size. Staff is super nice and attentive. Drinks were really weak though and the ticket times for the food took 40 mins. Restaurant was half full. Other wise I would've gave this place a 5 star.
5	I don't know how their regular pizza compares to others, but their vegan pizza is the best I've had anywhere! I started with the vegan hot wings, which were just Gardein chicken tenders with their hot sauce and vegan ranch. All good. Then I ordered the meatless meatball pizza.  Seriously, the most legit vegan pizza I've ever had! Our server was also great. We had a party of 11 people, which he handled without a hiccup.
3	Fast and quick pizza at the pickup counter.  Food was reasonable.  Staff was very helpful and friendly.  For a quick bite to eat, stop by.  Not the best pizza I've had, but also it certainly was not the worst.  Atmosphere is casual and friendly.
4	Exactly what the doctor ordered.  Good pizza, great service, casual atmosphere.Went twice in three days!
5	Pizza was excellent.  Our server, Bianca, was pretty and very sweet.   She helped us with our food allergy questions which we appreciated. The large pizza is really big, if it had been pan pizza instead of thin NY style we would have left a lot on the table.  The location is nice as well, between the casinos and lots of shopping.   All indoors to stay out of the heat is nice too.  Service was a little slow at the end of the meal but not because of Bianca, she was working her tail off all around us, I think they were just short staffed.  We would easily eat here again on another visit.
3	Service was great, with friendly and attentive servers.  We had a party of 3 adults and 3 kids under 10, one a 7 month old. Definitely a kid friendly atmosphere. We went for a late lunch around 3. It was happy hour so drinks and appetizers were 1/2 off.  Calamari was slightly overdone, more brown than golden.  The family size pizza was enough to feed us all.  It had a thin crust, and we got 1/2 pepperoni and 1/2 cheese. Both halves were very greasy with oil dripping off.  However, the menu is extensive with sandwiches, burgers, specialty pizzas and pasta, so I wouldn't rule out a return trip.
4	I love their special vegan menu with a lot of great options. However, don't attempt to sit to long in the booth or you will be asked to leave even though the place is not even half full and your bill is over $200.
5	I cannot wait to get back to Vegas to have their 4 Cheese Truffle pizza!!! Thin crust was perfect, cheese was perfectly blended and melted, and the truffle taste made it heaven in my mouth!My vegan friend brought me here and am sooooo grateful she did! I went in April and wrote this review now bc i was drooling as i was reminded of it after eating something else with truffle oil recently.
4	We had a restaurant.com certificate so we decided to take our friend here for his birthday before the Counting Crows concert at Mandalay Bay beach. I made a reservation but I think it was kind of slow. When we walked up, it looked completely crazy but I think a big party was waiting to be sat. Our server was friendly and efficient so no complaints there. We ordered calamari and an 18" ham and pineapple pizza. Everything was really yum. The ONLY complaint I have is that the pizza could've used a bit more cheese. The crust though, omg. I LOVE thin crust pizza but hate how sometimes it gets too soggy or other times it's too crispy like a cracker. This crust was just perfect. It was crispy on the bottom, but soft and chewy on top. If the pizza had more cheese, it would have been AMAZING and deserving of 5 stars. I'd like to go back and next time request extra cheese.Also, I got the berry martini and it was TINY and tasted like juice. At $10 a pop, I'd skip the drinks.
3	Good pizza, but not at their terrible pricing. Ordered a small BBQ chicken pizza and it was just under 20 bucks and not very big either since it was a small...maybe like 10 inches? We weren't too hungry so it was perfect to split between 2 people as a snack. Service was mediocre but at least we got steady refills on our water. The good thing is that they're open late when nearly everything else in Mandalay Place is closed. I would only come here again for happy hour, otherwise this place is way too pricey for what you get. So many other pizza joints you can hit up that have better pizza and more reasonable pricing!
3	Pizza was good. I ordered a slice and it was sitting on display then warmed over. If your like me, I like freshly made hot pizza. I am sure that if I ordered a whole pizza it would have been fantastic, because this warmed over pizza was good. Will go back if I'm in that mall again, but I'm not going to make the journey to walk through the casino for this pizza.
4	A little late (!) review, as I went in January this year! But backtracking on some places I haven't reviewed that I went to while in The Vegas. I loved this joint! In my hotel, it provided me with excellent vegan friendly choices! I brought back my brother and his girlfriend so he could get involved in some veggie friendly meat substitutions. I tried both the Meatless Meatball and The Vegan Faux Pie- both were delicious. As far as sides go, the Meatless Meatballs were good but a very small portion for the $ & the what I thought were faux 'chicken wings' turned out to be what we in the UK would deem were chicken nuggets? That was v disappointing, but I'm not sure what I expected I would get in a vegan chicken wing! Maybe over-expectation! Great, great pizza's though for vegans! Well worth the trip.
3	Items Selected:Pepperoni New York Slice - $3.95 Mamma's Garlic Bread - $8.90 with Mozzarella - Italian bread infused with roasted garlic, brushed with more roasted garlic butter and accompanied with a roasted garlic head'Choked Pig - $18.95 - Pesto aioli sauce, Mozzarella cheese, sun dried tomatoes, bacon and artichoke mix finished with chopped basil and a whiskey sour creamZeppoli - 8.45 with Caramel - Golden fried pizza dough balls tossed in a mix of cinnamon and sugar, drizzled with chocolateLocated in the Shops at Mandalay Bay close to the entrance of Luxor it was largely a matter of their participation in restaurant.com's discount program that led me to Slice of Vegas and having received $100 in gift certificates to the website nearly one year prior it was with $25 towards a minimum $37.50 purchase that I sat down at a rounded booth made for four, the USA vs. Brazil basketball game and Dallas Cowboys preseason matchups playing on televisions beneath the din of some forgettable pop songstress.  Billed as a space for "Fun Italian Dining" with a take-out station to the left and bar-full of craft brews tucked behind it was just moments before 7:00pm that I took my seat and with the majority of diners tourists with small children the scene was decidedly rambunctious, a duo of servers including the young woman in charge of my table clearly struggling to keep pace with large orders despite efficient back-servers helping to bus tables and refill water.  Unapologetically overpriced like the majority of Strip-side dining it was only after a few questions regarding the possibility of a half-and-half pizza (no for specialties, okay if you build-your-own) plus  a description of the daily specials that I eventually placed an overzealous order and with an appetizer slice of foldable New York style thin-crust quickly arriving from the exterior facing window my first taste was quite favorable, the gentle crunch and pliable crumb on par with that at Pop-Up or Secret beneath a subtly sweet sauce and bubbling fresh mozzarella.  Moving next to mundane garlic bread that no Italian mother would likely lay claim to it was fast on the thick loaf's heels that my gourmet pizza would arrive and with ample toppings showing a keen eye for balance over the nearly cracker thin crust the meal was soon back on good footing, the punchy sour cream a particularly inspired pairing to mellow the marinated artichokes and herbal topnotes from the pesto and fresh basil.  At this point just shy of my gift-certificate minimum I was left with a decision between the restaurant's signature chocolate cake, a glorified brownie sundae, or balls of fried dough and opting for the later with a sidecar of caramel I'm confident to say I made the right choice - each of the seven cue-ball sized doughnuts perfectly crisp and virtually oiless beneath a hefty shake of cinnamon sugar as the duo of sauces jockeyed for position on the tongue's already overcrowded sweetness receptors.Dramatically overpriced without the benefit of a 2/3 discount but featuring a more than competent slice along with the best Zeppoli I've yet to find in Las Vegas there are certainly worse options for quick casual dining on the strip and although neither service nor setting are likely to win any awards I'd happily come back to explore more of the menu if armed with another coupon, a distinct likelihood considering the general dearth of quality on restaurant.com ever since the rest of Mandalay Bay pulled out several months ago.
3	I am giving Slice of Vegas only 3 stars for the simple reason that I got food poisoning somewhere during my stay at the Mandalay Bay and this was one of the places I ate.  I will say, I liked the food better than that and would probably give it 4 stars if I didn't get sick.I really enjoyed the bruschetta which included tomato bruschetta, olive tapanade, roasted garlic and Italian white beans.  It was really yummy and a nice size portion.  I also had the make your own pasta and got it with mozzarella cheese, pomodoro sauce and artichokes.  I also ordered it with mushrooms but they forgot to add those in and brought them to me on the side.The service was ok but it was not busy while we were there.  Overall, I liked this place for lunch but not sure if it was there that got me sick.  I will say, I am leaning towards the buffet...
4	We used a restaurant.com coupon which made a great experience better. The offering of beverages both alcoholic and non-alcoholic was large. They had a great suggestions of combo pizza, pasta, and sandwiches, but then you could build your own of all these offerings. They also had gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan options. This flexibility creates a great place for picky eaters. The atmosphere was fun and lively and the shirts offered for sale were hilarious. The family size pizza was good for 2, not sure it would feed 4. The individual feeds 1 nice size adult. The bowls of pasta are substantial and the add ins were worth it. There was enough protein and added veggies to have with your last bite of pasta.Will be returning for great thin crust pizza.
5	When we were making last minute plans to take my cousins to Vegas, I prayed and I hoped that we could find an affordable room at the Wynn (vegan paradise!), but with the cheapest clocking in at $900/night (*SOB*), it just wasn't going to happen this time.  So we booked at the Mandalay, knowing there'd at least be the best pool in the world to soothe the pain of not being at the Wynn.  What I didn't know was that there'd also be Slice of Vegas to make me SO SO happy!It's a casual Italian eatery, and coming from the suburbs of Philly, I felt right at home.  Nothing fancy, not too much hoopla, just standard American-Italian fare that fills your belly with a warm light (and maybe acid reflux) that you'll carry with you for the rest of the day.  This, my friends, is comfort food.What sets Slice of Vegas apart from the pizza joints of my youth is their amazing vegan menu!  Not even kidding you, it has everything you could possibly ever want at a place like this.  Pizza, pasta, salads (really? you're eating a salad?), appetizers, sandwiches, DESSERTS.....oh lordy, they thought of everything.  They left no stone unturned.I was lured by the meatball sandwich, and went high to hog heaven with the first bite.  A great roll (they even call it a hoagie roll, like my people back east!!), a rich balanced sauce, the perfect amount of daiya mozzarella, and gardein meatballs, which are probably my favorite outside of homemade.  It came with sweet potato fries, and our darling waitress said the magic words, "Would you like a side of ranch with that?"  WOULD I?!  Gimme gimme gimme.Sam was perfectly content with his spaghetti and spicy marinara, and would've come back for it every meal if I'd let him.  We stuffed ourselves silly and had no room for dessert, which was the saddest thing.  I even tried to come back later after a night of dancing, but they were long closed.  Alas, I can add this place to my repertoire of super vegan friendly restaurants in Vegas, and I'm very happy that I don't absolutely have to go to the Wynn to be well fed (to the point of bursting).
3	I have to give this place 3 stars only because of the price.. i wonder if they have a different menu for the locals? Anyway, we stopped by this place on the way out to see a show on Wednesday, we ordered a pizza with meatballs as an appetizer, WOW the meatballs were GREAT, a little dry but when you dipped them into the sauce they were awesome! The pizza was good, the crust was great, could have used more sauce (if they used the same sauce as the meatballs it would have been awesome too!)  Our waitress was great Katie was her name (she looks like our favorite tattoo artist, Victoria from Rose&Anchor by our house in Katy, TX) super super nice..  **We went back on Thursday night for dinner. had a different waitress this time Angie was her name, she was great too! We both ordered Chicken Parmesan, the sauce was great, the spaghetti was cooked correctly (cooked to al dente in water then in the sauce) the chicken was cooked all the way through but a little dry..  We got a couple of slices of cheesecake to go for desert , we went back to our room and upon opening them we discovered that they were very small, it did not justify the 6.95 cost.. **so to sum up 3 total stars..LOVE Katie and Angie, HATE the prices..
2	Very disappointing! :-(Good food, but tons of problems!1st, waitress almost skipped me for drink orders (she would've if I hadn't waved her down as she was leaving!)2nd, I had to ask for a drink 2 separate times & still didn't get it until friend was like "he's still waiting for his drink!", so 3 times total!3rd, friend ordered shrimp alfredo & it had ZERO shrimp ($2 increase!), so it was sent back only to be returned with a bunch of shrimp tails! It's in a wrap style, so shrimp tails should've totally been removed!4th, the check was very clearly split up, but still charged wrong!Not somewhere I'd recommend for groups. It might be ok for 1-3 people, but not sure...I'm not a person to typically be harsh, but this was kinda ridiculous! I'd've given it a 1 star rating, but my food actually tasted good... But very overpriced!$40 for a personal pizza & 2 martinis!
4	We had a personal pizza with pepperoni and meatballs and a pitcher of beer, it was enough for two people. Service was great!
5	Making food choices while is Vegas is daunting; there are so many great places to choose from. This pizza shop is actually inside a mall, which made it a little difficult to park and find at first. Once inside the mall, it was super easy to find and it stuck out.The hostesses were very nice as was the female server we had. The boy and I ordered salads...just kidding! What do you think we ordered? Pizza of course! We opted for the 18 inch 'Choked Pig' which had pesto aioli sauce, mozzarella cheese, sun dried tomatoes, a bacon and artichoke mix, then basil on top. This pizza was delicious; and HUGE! I think we ended up saving 4 pieces which equated to a whole 'nother meal which was awesome. This size pizza was roughly $30 but they also have a 12 inch for $19 or a 10 inch gluten free for $17. I would have loved to try the gluten-free, and it's awesome they actually offer it.For dessert, we order the cannolis. The best I've ever had was up north, but these were a close second! You can tell they know how to make em because they only fill them RIGHT after you order them. Lots of places keep them filled and this results in a soggy outside. These were yummy with pistachios, chocolate chips, and chocolate sauce and were nice and crunchy!Oh, I also had a Restaurant.com voucher and we were able to use it. I think we ended up having to order a coffee or something so we could reach the certain amount of money we were supposed to spend, then we got a certain amount off. Pretty cool! They are very willing to accept anything from Restaurant.com. Made the meal EVEN cheaper!
5	I didn't know Slice of Vegas has the largest vegan friendly menu in town! The food is scrumptious, vegan cheesecake is a fantastic dessert and the staff is the coolest!!!  Love it
5	Came here because they have a whole vegan menu but also regular pizza as well which is perfect because I am vegan and my boyfriend isn't. We came during happy hour so he got half off wings and then a personal BBQ chicken pizza which is huge I got the vegan BBQ chikn pizza. It was so good the perfect amount of daiya ! Our server was Michelle and she was so attentive and really sweet. We will definitely be back not only because of the good food but because of the great service (:
1	I would give this place 0 stars if I could. My husband is gluten and dairy intolerant and can not eat these items without getting violently ill. He even throws up blood from time to time due to the severity of his sensitivity. I wanted to treat him to a nice lunch and got very excited when I saw that this place was advertised as gluten free and vegan. Upon ordering we were informed that the pizza was cooked in an oven with other items but that it was still gluten free so we proceeded with the order. The waitress then informed us that the pizza was very small and we would want to add something else to our order. I asked which items were gluten free and she informed me that the wings were gluten free. Upon receiving the appetizer we were told they were cooked in the same fryer and were not in fact gluten free after we had started eating. After leaving my husband got violently ill and called to complain. We were informed that it was our fault for ordering the items because of cross contamination that we should have been knowledgable of. We only went to this place because it was advertised as gluten free. We would not have ordered if we knew that NONE OF THEIR ITEMS ARE ACTUALLY GLUTEN FREEThe customer service after this mistake was just added insult. The manager was unapologetic and uncaring of our situation. He claimed that they ask about celiacs disease and give warnings about cross contamination which was not even slightly hinted at. He also said that there was a miscommunication when in fact we were blatantly lied to. We specifically asked questions regarding my husbands allergies and were instructed to purchase items that conflicted with these allergies. If you advertise that items are gluten free they need to actually be gluten free. YOU WOULD NEVER SERVE SOMEONE WITH A SEVERE NUT ALLERGY A DISH CONTAMINATED WITH NUTS
2	How does Nadine C. have such great experiences everywhere!?  Granted, we went to the deli area to get some slices to-go to eat in our room since we had crawfish for dinner like five-hours prior but does it make that much of a difference to dine-in?  Apparently!For $21-something, we got three giant slices of pie [one Hawaiian, one veggie, and a meat combo].  The pizza itself was thin and soggy and all the toppings were on the verge of sliding off and into my lap.  Not a great start.  While the bites with toppings and cheese had okay flavor, once you hit the crust, it's game over.  Tasteless!  Slice of Vegas is quick and speedy but they could use some work on developing more flavor.  What I would have done for a packet of crushed red pepper.  Meh!
3	I tried this the other night, and I had mixed feelings. My friend and I ordered the Mama's Garlic Bread with Melted Cheese on top. It was $6.95 for the garlic bread and an additional $1.95 for the cheese. It came out with 4 small pieces of bread. I guess that's the price that you pay for dining in a casino. They had a huge garlic clove where you could squeeze on top of the bread. The garlic clove itself was really good. We ordered the Choked Pig pizza which was pretty good. It had an aioli pesto, mozzarello cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, bacon, artichoke mix, and whiskey sour cream drizzled onto the pizza and topped with basil. I liked the flavoring of the pizza. It was awesome. My friend covered his pizza with the chili peppers because he thought it had no taste. I hadn't noticed it until my friend mentioned it, but the pizza was so difficult to chew. My mouth hurt so much. The pizza was really tough. I prefer chewy pizza to crunchy pizza.
4	Located in a mall area between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. They have good vegan and gluten free options which is so rare in Vegas. Service was very slow with some big groups there at the time. Took forever just to pay our bill.
3	Great menu options for all eaters. Service is pretty slow so don't go on a time crunch because they are helping large groups. We spent a total of an hour there waiting mostly. Vegan menu is awesome service not so much. Had to flag somebody down to get our check. Waited over a half hour for the food.
5	Great Place for Vegans! They had more than plenty of options on the back of the menu. The entire back page is vegan, and delicious. I had the Gardien Meat Balls, and they where awesome, followed by the BBQ Chick'n Pizza with buffalo sauce, It was amazing, and not to spicy. The next day I had the chick'n wings with two sauces. The staff was super accommodating, and fun to chat with.
1	Place was cool the first time we went, but we decided to go out of our way again but what was waiting for us, changed it all... 2 hostesses we're sitting, talking and when i asked about the vegan menu, i got sarcastic looks and an even stupider answer. So therefore, i will never return unless i'm starving and happen to be in the Mandalay Bay. Just cuz someone is vegan doesn't mean you should treat them different.
4	Mmmmmm big pizza slices with huge pepperoni slices . Hot and fresh and greasy mmmmm ate before fantasy show . The 5 dollar pizza slice beats the 8 dollar popcorn at the shows . Did not have time to sit down and eat so we took a slice to go
3	This is for the express side onlyWe ordered the vegetable slice and the hawaiian. The toppings were really scarce and the vegetable slice I got had one piece of sausage on it. I'm not a vegetarian so I didn't mind but I can see this being a problem for someone who is.The crust is actually not bad but overall the food was just "Meh" I did like the fact that the caesar salad came with broccolini which I haven't seen before. I always like more vegetables in my salads so this was a welcomed addition.It will do if you want something quick and cheap(er) - but other than that there is no reason to come here.
2	For a pizza spot with a vegan menu....this place had no vegan options after 1030p? Of course every other pizza option was offered but no vegan style pizza. As a past customer I feel so let down. They should at least offer some type of vegan pizza late at night same as the rest of the pizza styles. And no offer to have a pizza made either. I think that's whack costumer service. Again....feeling let down. :(
2	I'm not trying to be a jerk. I'm just a bit confused why this place is closed on a holiday weekend on Forth of July at Midnight. I think
4	great thin crust pizza; great vegan chicken wings! My dad ordered the pasta fagioli and roasted artichoke and he loved it! My brother ordered one of the pasta dishes and enjoyed it also. I ordered the gluten free margherita & another without cheese and it was great. Great vegan & gluten free options overall
1	God, no. I never want to eat here again. The pizza was mediocre at its best and dripping grease. The drinks weren't good, and the dessert was the worst. We had a brownie sundae and the brownie was rock hard. They brought us another one and it was softer but still crumbling, and tasted like Kroger-brand boxed brownies. Wow, worst quality food I've had in a while.
1	Worst pizza I have ever had. The manager Anthony was so rude after messing up my order twice! How ridiculous, he didn't even treat any of the employees with an ounce of respect for their mistakes. Horrible corrupted company. Never returning to this establishment
2	Just went once, and once is enough. I had a slice of the veggie pizza. Who knows how long it was sitting there, as I just went to the express side. It was just ok. Pretty tasteless and the crust was really hard and bland. I sat at the bar on the express side, there was a lot of crumbs covering the surface. It wasn't busy so I'm not sure why it hadn't been wiped down. The cashier seemed to be just going through the motions, super average place at best.
2	Very average pizza!  Very over priced based on the cost.  Asked for a side of sauce to add to my pizza, had to pay for the side, was tiny and when I asked about it the response was its our policy.  Hate to say it was a waste of time!
5	I went back because my vegan pizza was so good I had to try something else. Got the meatless meatball sub and it was great as well. So nice to have vegan options close by and on the strip. Well done.
4	I was surprised by garden salad. Really fresh, dressed well. It was a nice change from typical vegas fare.  The hangover pizza  was unique and delicious. My server did every thing right.
2	It was somewhat busy but there was no trouble seating our party of four for dinner.Meh. Nothing memorable about the food though except that the meatball sandwich was bland. The mozzarella cheese and the sauce didn't do much for it. The sprinkling of parmesan helped but there still wasn't much flavor. The spaghetti with meatballs was insipid and lifeless too. Service was okay and the food did come out quick, but please do something about the flavor of the food.
5	We love this place! We have been here multiple times. All of the pizza is good, my favorite is the 4 cheese truffle.  BUT, you have to try the appetizers! The roasted cauliflower is so good and the Not Your Mamas Garlic bread is to die for! It comes with an actual clove of garlic that you squeeze out and spread on the bread, amazing! I highly recommend!
