5	This place is amazing! I'm usually not a huge fan of Mexican cuisine, but this one is definitely done with taste and health in mind!!!The salads are out of this world and come in soft tortilla, fresh veggies/lettuce, beans, authentic cheese, cilantro and choice of dressing (cilantro lime dressing is not only healthy it is also very yummy!)I love their steaks as these are done right and often right in front of you on the grill. They also have a customer appreciation program where they stamp a frequent buyer card and you get your 10th item free!!! Also, each receipt comes with free coupon for chips and salsa.Everything is so fresh here it became my favorite lunch spot anytime that I work on the West side. I highly recommend this place to those who enjoy this type of food and setting.Decor is casual and clean. Prices are good for the volume that you do receive.
4	Similar to Chipotle but much better. The place is very busy but its worth the wait.  I had the pork salad and a beef taco, they were both very tasty and fresh.  The place is clean and the service is very friendly.
5	You won't get better tasting or higher quality Mexican food! The Pork is my favorite flavored pork in the world. Similar to Chipotle with the big burrito size and you coach them along in making it but the end result is that the taste of Cafe Rio blows anywhere else out of the water.Also, got a burrito to take home to San Diego and the guy made it special, all separated to keep the ingredients tasting the best. Just ate it tonight and was just as good as same day in the restaurant.Seriously, get the pork. For all you degenerates who go to Vegas for every reason under the sun with eating last on the list of things to do, highly consider adding a stop into Cafe Rio for your one meal of the trip.Thanks Cafe Rio, you are delicious.
2	This was my first visit to the restaurant. Everyone gave me a huge welcome and was very nice. I placed my order,Elizabeth rung me up (I had to ask for a stamp card, which I wasn't pleased about because everyone knew it was my first time, she should've offered it to me) I ordered a pork enchilada with black beans, red sauce and asked for it to be covered in sauce and cheese (I chose the green tomatillo sauce on top instead of red). When I got it home a few minutes later and had my first bite, something was sugary sweet all throughout the burrito. Since the pork and black beans were mixed I couldn't distinguish exactly what was causing it but my only reaction is YUCK! When I eat mexican food of any type from anywhere, I don't expect anything to be sugary sweet. Ewwwww  So I've said it before and I'll say it again, I've tried this place now too, I've tried Chipotle (which is just ok) but my heart will stay with Rubios. I've eaten there no less then 50 times (at the same location) over the past several years and I've never had a mistake or bad food there ever.
2	Gave Cafe Rio a try after a friend recommended it. Tried the steak burrito enchilada style and two tacos: chicken and pork barbacoa, and ordered chips and salsa. The steak burrito was quite good. The tacos, however, weren't. The pork was way too sweet for my liking and the chicken was far too bland. The chips were ok, one of the salsa was heavily flavored with lime, to the point it was inedible. The other was decent.Photos are posted.
3	Kathy, my daughter, took me on my last meal while in Las Vegas to her fav' Mexican Fast Food spot... Cafe Rio. First reaction.... Dang, this place is POPULAR! As in lines out the door! And a little wait while you're waiting to place your order.On the menu...Wheat Tortillas (**** 1/2) On first inspection, these Wheat Tortillas look a little too crispy and maybe tough... One of the Assembly Line workers actually gave me a complimentary 6" diameter Wheat Tortilla just to try! Definitely not a crispy exterior. The Tortilla is a very good alternative to the traditional Flour Tortilla made with Lard... which I still prefer!  But, if I'm in Las Vegas... why not? This is Cafe Rio's Tortilla-making station ( http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/uxdGHvw2609oKu0R3z00OA/l )...Fideo Friday Special (*** $6.95) When Kathy heard I was interested in the Fideo Friday Special... she responded with an "Ewww!". In California, however, there are a few courageous restaurants that advertise as being Italian - Mexican. I, myself, think that is not outrageous as one initially thinks. Let me propose this... Chile Relleno Ranchero Sauce with some Pasta... That to me sounds VERY GOOD and Tasty!After traversing through the circuitous waiting line... Kathy and I arrived at the ordering / assembly line area... where the first glance is at the Wheat Flour Tortilla Making area. You can see the Tortilla Maker make about six HUGE Wheat Tortillas on a round Grill that reminded me of a huge Crepe Griller.The Fideo Special just did not work... Too watery or liquidy for a Pasta dish whether it's Italian or Mexican. Or maybe the entree had just too many textures... Crispy Tortilla Strips, Grilled Chicken, Fideo... and then that daub of Sour Cream... SOUR CREAM with Pasta?!?! Dunno... just didn't work for me... did not seem like an integrated Entree... just "stuff" piled on top of each other.Cafe Rio's Famous Tres Leches (**  1/2 $3.95) The Tres Leches, with slices of Strawberry and Whipped Cream.... was.... let's put it this way... infamous... not deserving of the fame claimed by Cafe Rio. I realize that Tres Leches with it's three types of Milk will have a resulting consistency very much like an Italian Tiramisu Dessert. The best version I've had was one that used thickened Milk which resulted in the Tres Leches having a consistency more like a Mousse or Custard. Just a suggestion...Order of Iced Tea (**** Included with Fideo Special) Unlimited Refills... get it yourself at the machine...Frankly, I was more impressed with Kathy's Pork Barbacoa Quesadilla. If I was rating that, and I only got about three bites, the Quesadilla would be definitely over 4-Stars. But, that was not my order...During our meal, we noticed and heard all this shouting from the Cashier's area... Later, when the Lunch hour crowd died down... I asked that Cashier what's with the shouting? He said, unless the customer requests them not to shout, that the current customer requested EXTRA CHEESE (or whatever) or that the Customer just received a FREE MEAL with a redemption of one of their Buy 10, get one free cards.    For my part, if I come back.... no extra anything! And since I live in California... the Buy 10, get one free is of no use to me.Kathy and I noticed, while we were eating that Cafe Rio has these HUMONGOUS Salads that are very popular... especially among the fairer sex. I was thinking to myself.... These Salads might have started out Healthy with all the best intentions.. but when the resulting Salad is close to SEVEN Inches high and weighing maybe 3-4 pounds.... There goes Healthy and Good Intentions down the drain... Something else of interest... Despite claiming to be a Mexican restaurant, the persons of authority, the Manager and Cashiers, were all non-Hispanic from what I could observe. Virtually all the "assembly-line" workers were Hispanic, though...That's just a couple of thoughts...
4	Cafe rio been eatting their food numerous times. I first was offered a free meal when the w sahara location first opened I had the chicken salad with the ranch special dressing and was hooked. I lived in many parts of las Vegas and still find myself going to this place when I crave some food that is tasty but is not overlapsed with cheese and typical Mexican overwhelming heavy ingredients.Atmosphere is very casual and friendly for families. Service is quick and to the point: let's get your food and enjoywent to the gran opening of cafe rio and the one also in Maryland parkway across unlv.  Very friendly both times Can't go wrong for a dinner after a day of work.
4	Cafe Rio always hits the spot. Excellent burritos, especially if you get them with enchilada sauce. So far, I've had the Fire Grilled Chicken Breast and the Sweet Pork Barbacoa; they are both delicious. In the case of the latter, you might want to shy away from it if you don't want your food too sweet.
3	Just another Mexican Fast-Food Chain in the Valley? Alot like Chipotle, Baja Fresh, Rubios and the like. Pretty decent but NOT at all REAL mexican food. A watered-down Americanized version at best.The Meats were good but kinda scarce on the tacos & burritos I had- Too much with the beans already. and the whole thing was just kinda blah!!Nothing to write home about definitely nothing I'd go out of my way for again.I did like how they had quite a variety of hot sauces for you to try including habanero & Atomic!! :)
5	My wife and I have looked all over Vegas for good Mexican food and finally we found it here. Food is tasty and fresh.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  Yes it is a chain and fast food where you serve yourself, but it is worth it.
4	I went to this restaurant because as a fan of Chipotle, my boyfriend would not stop talking about this place! Since going last week, he has (thankfully) not mentioned it as of late.This place is similar to Chipotle in the way you order your food. You go down the line and let 'em know what you want added to your burrito, salad, etc. A neat little trick is that all the employees yell "double meat" or "big meat" or something like that when you order double meat. Hearing them yell in unison is almost worth the price of the double meat; it makes me laugh. Even on a Thursday, this place was packed. I couldn't even believe it! I thought to myself, "Man, this place must be good!" Surprisingly, it was. PROS-You can refill your own drinks-Quick service, even though it was crowded-AWESOME, AWESOME sweet pork barbacoa (They got an extra star for this.)-They don't charge for guacamole like ChipotleCONS-The fire grilled chicken is nothing specialI'm gonna stop by here soon for lunch, maybe I'll see you guys there!P.S. If you love froyo, stop by Yogoyum next door.
4	I can't believe for all this time I have been passing this place for Carl's Jr's Western Bacon Cheeseburger. I went here on Tuesday which meant it was Coconut Shrimp Taco day ! I LOVE Coconut shrimp so this was perfect for me.The tortilla's are home made...at first I thought it wouldn't make a difference but you can tell! The shrimps were nice and crispy. I had their mango salsa with it and it was heaven on a plate! I'm not a big fan of the rice though but it's okay . I also tried their Tres Leche cake and it was good but I wouldn't order it again because I don't like the consistency of it . I've had others which were a little more firm and that's how I prefer it. My meal came with two tacos rice and beans..(I passed on the beans) and a drink. This was all for around $8.65 which I thought was a good price. I also liked their drink selections because they had flavored teas. I had the green blackberry tea which had a good taste to it so it really didn't need to be sweetened .I will be back...on Tuesdays!
3	Too much cheese...on the tortillas, the salad, the guac. Hard to understand the servers' thick accents. It will take you a few visits to figure out how to order the way you want it. Good food. Fast service.
2	I'm really not a huge fan of this place. The food is decent but a little overpriced. They charge for extra sour cream and guacamole. Most places charge for guacamole, but here you get less than a tablespoon. And sour cream? Lame. Fresh made tortillas are amazing, but that's about it as far as anything standing out. You're better off walking through the parking lot to Chipotle. Also, they only have one trash can. it would be really nice if they would empty the thing when it gets full.
4	Sweet BBQ pork burrito is delicious! Do I need to say more...?
5	I heart this place!Want freshly soft flour tortillas? This is the place!Try their grilled chicken salad with their house dressing! To die for! Salad is laid into a cheesy giant soft tortilla shell...sooooo good!Let me tell you their chicken soup is the yummiest ever! Big chunks of shredded chicken breast...tasty...perfect and hits the spot on a cold day!
5	This is the number one place of choice when it comes to deciding where to go for lunch during the week. Oh sweet pork barbacoa!!
5	This place is so good I don't think there will ever be a better Mexican "fast-food" joint anywhere. I love everything about this place from the flesh tortillas, to the crazy good pork salad, to the super tart lime pie. I have eaten myself sick here so many times I can't count them. If you are looking for a great quick bite this is the place for you.
5	Fantastic!! Super fast, but with quality fresh food!! Walk in, order, and eat!!  I love the salads, the fresh made in front of you tortillas, even my 12 year old loves it, and thats a tall order! Try the fresh horchata and mango papaya juice to go with your tasty meal!! You can also order easy take out or catering.. the ONLY thing I wish they had.. was delivery!
4	Great food choices and the dishes are always fresh. My favorite dish is the coconut mango tacos but they only serve them on Tuesdays.The prices are a little higher than most restaurants of this type they but they give you excellent portions.Definitely recommend this restaurant
3	Eh.  More like 2 1/2.  It just wasn't what I am used to as far as "Mexican" or whatever the proper descriptor of this cuisine is.  The decor is kind of cool, but other than that I'm not sure it's worth the money.  Really, what is these days?
4	As I have stated in all my cafe rio reviews I really like this place for fast casual dining.  I mostly go for lunch and highly recommend the chips and queso, I can't not order it.  The sweet pork is also terrific.
2	Do not go here for late night dinner hours. They stay open until 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays however, I went around 10:15pm, and by then they had stopped making any type of fresh food.  The beans were being scraped from the bottom of the tin and there was little to no guacamole; so the worker pulled a tin of turned-brown guacamole from the fridge storage and tried to scrape the brown part off the top and mix it with what was left and then added a little salsa for some sort of half-assed leftovers. By the time I'd seen the "guacamole" she was going to give me I was about ready to leave but just declined it altogether. (And they still had 45 minutes of service left.) Dear Cafe Rio, Don't stay open late if you can't serve your customers the same as if they had been there at 5pm (which I have several times before). My late night meal was not "a masterpiece."I'll be going to Zaba's or Chipotle for a freshly made late night dinner from now on.
4	This place is so good. I LOVE the chips and queso. I always get a side of chicken and the chips and queso and make it my meal. Its insane. Writing about it makes me want to go and get some right this second. The people there are incredibly nice. Overall, its a great place to eat.
4	So up until last month I had never even HEARD of this place. My husband is from Utah and knows all about Cafe Rio. He was raving about it and telling me that it was right up my alley. I'm kind of a brat....I like to think I know it all, so I just laughed and said, "How could it be that great if I've never heard of it...?" Blah, Blah. I'm so diplomatic, sometimes.....So when we looked up a Vegas location near us, it was soooo crazy...they have one on the same block as the Chipotle that I so often frequent. I had apparantly driven by it a dozen or so times and never  even noticed or cared. But oh MAN, do I care now!! If you like fresh, fresh, fresh mexican food then this is your place. The chicken and pork burritos are exceptional, and it is all put together in front of you in assembly line fashion. The ingredients all look and taste fresh and fab. You can choose pinto or black beans, with all the fixings like rice, cheese, and salsa, etc....note....you can choose different "sauces" on your food... Cafe Rio has their own  very sweet sauce that they serve up which is great, but not too traditional for mexican food, ( If you are used to say, So Cal style like I am ) so if you don't like surprises, choose the "medium" sauce, which is more "traditional." (I personally adore the sweeter sauce.) What else is great? The coconut shrimp tacos are delish and savory, and I do love the salads as well. My fave is the Pork Barbacoa with the fresh Lime Dressing. I even ask for an extra serving of the dressing to take it home with me, it's that good. ...my Hubby was right! The food was waaaaya better than I could have predicted, and I stand corrected. (He'd better not get used to it, har har.)
4	Everyone thinks I'm looney tunes but this is my favorite fast food Mexican EVER! My friends and co-workers won't eat here - they prefer Chipotle, but I am a Cafe Rio devotee all the way! Even my husband has nicknamed the place "Cafe Shit" but what does he know?I've been eating Cafe Rio since discovering it in Utah in 2005 and their arrival in Vegas is long overdue. Fresh tortillas are hot off the press- they're also brushed with butter and warmed on a stove with a little cheese, making the base for their salads. From there, everything from beans and rice to your choice of meat, cheese chips, guac etc. PILED to make a mountain of salad. And their tomatillo dressing is out of this world delicious. I seriously think I could drink the stuff!I always order the shredded chicken as I think the fire-roasted chicken is too dry and the pork barbacoa is very sweet. My kids also order salads, which is very unusual for my boys. They're that good.They also have Diet Dr. Pepper.You can call your order in and pick it up, thus avoiding the long lunch/dinner line. I wish they had a drive-thru like the one in Cedar City.
4	Cafe Rio is a chain. I am not going to review the food because it's as good as it is in California and Idaho and Utah (a comment on the franchise - they're very strong at keeping the food tasting consistent and the quality high).This location is always fairly busy. I hit it up at 1:00 PM on a Monday and waited in line for about 15 minutes. If there's a long line, it does move fast, but not lightning fast, so be patient. And be kind, don't play on your iPhone in line and hold things up. Know what you want to order (or sample) when you get up to the counter so the person behind you doesn't contemplate smacking you up the back of the head.The employees here are pretty great for the most part. There's a few lemons in the bunch (aren't there always?) but generally they're helpful, positive and willing to let you sample (oh dear the samples). Must do's: if you're into the whole wheat thing, ask to try one of those tortillas - they're very good. Ask for a punch card and keep it with you - after you buy 10 meals, you get one free, and somehow the free meal just tastes even better (it should taste worse, considering you've spent about $100 now at Cafe Rio. So that's where my paycheck goes).
4	The chicken quesedilla with guacamole and sour cream and salsa on the side is my favorite.  I am hooked on it, as their tortillas are so fresh - they are made on the spot, as well as the grilled meat.  Also, I have tried the grilled chicken salad, which is very tasty, with an unfried tortilla at the bottom.  Try it just for the tortilla!5-19-13 I was craving Mexican after having Frank and Fina's and remembered Cafe Rio. The pulled chicken quesadilla was calling my name!  I opted for the wheat tortilla, quite tasty, this time, and asked for an extra guacamole instead of sour cream.  I had half and it was fantastic!  The only thing that holds back the five star rating for this location is that the cashier is not paying attention and almost did not include my pico de gallo after pointing it out to her, and grabbing it for myself!  All in all a good fast food Mexican place.
2	I really wanted to love Cafe Rio, as so many people have told me how wonderful it is.  The line really took me aback, and they had only one cashier.  We went at 1:45 on a Friday.  The guys on making the food did a fantastic job.  Paying was a nightmare.  Food was cold by the time we were able to eat, even though we live only 10 minutes away.  Finally, they forgot my salad dressing, so my salad was bland and dry.  I will give Cafe Rio another try someday, so that I can discover what all of my friends are raving about.
5	Excellent food and service. I always get the chile roast beef burrito with wheat tortillas. I appreciate good quality fresh food and great service. The soda fountain with crushed ice is a major plus!
1	I am used to expecting less than perfect service at non-Eastern Ave Cafe Rio locations while still being a loyal and loving customer eager to get their Rio on. I've been to this location once before and remembered not enjoying it but it was only one experience months ago and it's still Cafe Rio so I decided to come back a second time.I ordered a salad minus beans which was fine, and my boyfriend ordered a bean rice and cheese burrito after me. As I said, I am used to less than perfect service at other Rio locations, like receiving less burrito fillings or less hot sauce and cheese than usual. However, when I ask for a bean, rice, and cheese burrito and you give me a rice and cheese burrito with (I can't make this up) literally 12 beans in it, you have gone beyond bad service and into the territory of downright insulting. If you ran out of pinto beans you could have asked me to wait while you get more instead of serving me 12 beans and throwing a deflated rice and cheese burrito into the belt oven like we're a couple of idiots who won't notice or care. I had to tell the next guy in the prep line (who was very nice) that we did not want the burrito because it had no beans in it and then compromised to have him add beans on the side because I didn't want my boyfriend starving out of pure spite. That prep person arranged for it to be free with the cashier without my noticing. And then I get to the register and the cashier is completely short with me when I begin asking for it discounted not realizing he just told her it was free. I wasn't expecting her to comfort me over my crappy burrito but I certainly wasn't expecting to be treated like I was the person inconveniencing her.My conclusion, I came in here planning to buy TWO food items properly prepared according to what's written ON THE MENU. I did not come in here planning to buy ONE item and receive another one FREE and SCREWED UP. Don't give me stuff that's FREE AND SCREWED UP. Have some standards and don't ever hand out stuff that screwed up free or not. On top of that, don't treat me like I AM the one creating a problem for you, when YOU screwed up. If I am ever in the area again I will go to Chipotle instead. Even though I never, never, eat at Chipotle and I feel uncomfortable with the idea of eating there, at least I can hope to not be served by people in such a ridiculous manner.
5	Their Owner's Favorite pork barbacoa burrito is seriously the BEST burrito I've ever had.  And the fact that I was able to take my two children to lunch there for less than $10 was amazing.  Lively lunch atmosphere, kid-friendly, and excellent food!
5	Excellent service from the line crew and Xiomara, and Tatiana! This has become one of my my favorite meal  locations! Give them a try, and ask for the manager if you don't like something.... They will make it right!
2	Could not belive our experience last night!  Went to the local Cafe Rio about 9:15 on Friday and the place was not very busy.  When I went to get my beverage, both the horchata and strawberry drink dispensers were empty.  Not even a spurt for the fountain sprayer.  And  this is despite most of the staff walking by the empty dispenser as they got their own drinnks and took their breaks.I told the cashier that the horchata machine was empty and I would like some.  She said "ok", but after nearly 10 minutes there was still no horchata in the machine.  When I approached the cashier to see if they would be filling the machine, she SHOUTED at me, "I KNOW"  Could not believe (a) that they would let the drink machines run out while the restaurant was still open and (b) that the staff were so poorly trained that they would shout at customers.Tenty minutes after arriving and as we were finishing our meal, they finally put some horchata in the machine.  As I went to get a sip before leaving, it was readily apparent that no one cared enough to also fill the strawberry drink.Food may be convenient, but service and training are certainly lacking.  Pollo Loco started very well but customer service after the were sold by Winchells made them a much-lesser pick.  Afraid Cafe Rio is going the same direction.  Great when they only had a few stores, but sadly they are totally losing control as they rapidly expand.
4	The sweet pork is really too sweet for me personally, but the steak burrito enchilada style is the best I have ever had...this place is great, avoid during lunch hours the wait will get to be ridiculous
4	I really like Cafe Rio. If you look at my previous reviews, I've been looking for a fantastic Mexican place in Vegas. Care Rio does fill a void in my heart, but this is not authentic Mexican food. It's this kind of Mexican but kind of something else. Nevertheless, it's really yummy. I highly recommend the Barbacoa burrito. Did you not hear me? I highly recommend the Barbacoa burrito. Don't order anything else. I'm sure their other food is good, but order the Barbacoa. It's f*ing fantastic. I order it whenever I'm on that side of town. You need to try it. Say it with me now: I'll have the Barbacoa burrito please!
5	5 Stars, nothing more to say..
5	Always good food and great service. Thank you to a great crew, Xiomara, and Tatiana for always providing excellent customer service
1	After hearing good things from a friend that's addicted to this place, I finally went. Was late on a Sunday so not many people... so you would think asking a question or two wouldn't be a problem. The girls behind the counter were clearly hating life and were abrupt. Chicken, steak or pork and corn or flour were my options. I opted for pork...which I had heard was their specialty. Sweet pork sounded interesting so why not? Right...? Literally the nastiest crap I've ever tasted. Spent $14 on 3 tacos and 2 drinks which is a tad upsetting when you realize the food is so sickeningly sweet you can't even eat it. I managed to douse it with hot sauce so much that it almost canceled the sweetness out but we ended up drawing straws to see who had to eat the last taco and then decided to just throw it away. Over priced nasty food and people that work there don't want to help you. Will stick to Chipolte or pretty much any other place.
5	For the price and quick easy fix for mexican food, this place does it right..Get the sweet BBQ Pork in a salad. WOW. The flavors just come out at you in so many directions. Screw Chipotle and any other "authentic" mexican. This is fresh tasting and your not going to get a stomach ache afterwards.
1	I have to say that I normally LOVE Cafe Rio, but this location has let me down. It's close to home but I can't continue to patronize them. Every time I go they mess up my order. The last time when I went in there was a pile of trash that had been swept right in front of the counter, just left there. Gross. The women's restroom was broken so my Mom had to use the men's and she said it was filthy. I got my usual pork salad and I've been sick for 3 days now since I ate it, and I only ate maybe a fourth of it. The girl who took my order over the phone was rude as well. It's a shame because I know that other locations are good. My advice is to avoid the west Sahara store at all costs!
3	I've eaten here several times and it serves its purpose.Satisfying food, quick service, friendly enough staff and seemed clean to me.When I'm in need of a quick Mexican food fix I'd hit this place again.
3	Pros:  good food, frequent/reward card/daily specialsCons:  sometimes I find the employees less than friendly -- mainly the females - and speak poor English...never overly friendly, that's for sure.  There always seems to be a couple of extra employees just standing around at the cash register area -- weird!  I hate to say it, but the female employees are the worst - I've never had one of the males be rude, indifferent or have the "whatever" attitude.The women's bathroom was "closed" the last time I've been at this restaurant - I believe it was Jan. 16 and 4 times during the past month - either they are too lazy to clean it or there is a problem...either way, clean the men's restroom - more than once/day...another reader below said they were there on 1/20 and the women's restroom was out of order, too...Been there when they have been out of knives or when the fountain machine was broken...how do you run out of knives at 4:30 pm and not be able to get more in for the evening dinner rush???They place all their utensils with handles down, so you get to touch all the utensils while you take one for yourself - gross!   This can't be health code!  Tonight I was in the restaurant and the girl was restocking - she didn't have gloves on - and was  grabbing a bunch of the utensils at once (not by the handles) and sticking them in the box...handle down...C'mon management - fix this!  Also, they keep the cups right by the pay area/register - feel free to sneeze all over them.   LOL!  They should really keep their cups away from the register and the people moving through checking out... Prefer the other locations - cleaner and friendlier employees.
4	I love this place. I love salad, and they make a whopper of a salad. The burritos are crazy huge, too! They make home made tortillas, as well. Not too much else to say. Good job, Cafe Rio.
2	I wasn't feeling this at all.  We met up with a couple of friends and one said this was his spot.  My wife likes Cafe Rio a lot too.They're famous for their sweet bbq pork which would've been great..in a barbecue sandwich! The sweetness was too much and really weird in a burrito, even weirder in the salad my wife got.  I would just go with the fire grilled steak or chicken if I could do it all over.I also disliked how they wouldn't put guacamole in the actual burrito itself.  I was given a teeny, weeny scoop of The Incredible Hulk TV series colored avocado on the side.  That was gross.  Mexicant, Mexidont, Mexiwont.A couple of things save Cafe Rio from 1 star and that's the quality of the tortillas and the drink station.  Their fresh tortillas could possibly be the best by a Mexican fast food chain and the biggest reason I may give it another shot.  The drink station is bigger than the usual and includes horchata, limeade and various teas.
4	My wife and I have had dinner at this location about ten times. Food has been consistently very good and hot.  Service okay but not warm and friendly. Good and fast and satisfying for the price.
4	My wife and I go to Cafe Rio a few times a month with our kids.  My wife really enjoys the chicken enchiladas while I usually get the sweet  pork burrito.  Our kids really like the shredded chicken quesadilla.  We have been eating here for about a year, and have noticed the are putting less meat in their items than they did a year ago.  But, it is still very good.  Just a heads up, it can get busy at lunch time.
1	I can't even order here. It's like families meet Mexican cafeteria. I can't do it! I walked in early to meet a friend and told him to meet me elsewhere. Ewww ;(
2	I've already written a glowing review about Cafe Rio's coconut shrimp tacos from another location. I happily made my way in for some tacos yesterday at this particular location. As always, the tacos are a winner!The overall experience is key to a happy customer. Although the food was on point, their women's bathroom smells like sewage. Sewage may be an understatement. How about sewage with a side of trash and a dash of pig's pen with a sprinkle of BO. It was enough to make me a queasy before devouring my coconut shrimp tacos. I hope they get this issue fixed in a hot minute.
4	Best thing about Cafe Rio are the homemade tortillas.  They roll them out and grill them right in front of you.  They are really really good.   Wish I could buy a pack of them to take home.The Barbacoa pork was very tasty also.  The pulled pork is mixed with a sweet spicy sauce.  I ordered a burrito stuffed with it, and the wife ordered a salad topped with it.  Her dressing was so good, a creamy tomatillo dressing.   They stuff the burrito and top the salad with rice, beans, and pico.I would definitely come back for more pork, creamy dressing and especially the tortillas.
4	Even though this is not an authentic Mexican place, I love their food!!!  The plate's sizes are pretty big, the ingredients are fresh, and their service is pretty efficient.  Their winning and most popular plate is the pork burrito. This is not your typical carnitas, this is actually a sweet bbq pork. Although it sounds a bit weird is delicious. If you do not like pork you can always go for steak or chicken. However,  If you are looking for a most healthy alternative the salad is a great option. The portion is huge and contains a bit of everything, (guacamole, sour cream, beans rice and letters)
3	i was working in the area and it was lunch time. Actually, I was going to Carl's Jr for a quick burger and I noticed this place in the corner of the parking lot as I drove in. so decided to give it a try and give me something to Yelp about.Kind of a cafeteria style ordering system, you order the food and progress in line where you can watch it prepared and answer any questions they have or ask for anything you want.It's the typical southwestern type food. They have a fairly good selection, I decided on the Chile Roast Beef (seasoned shredded beef) tacos, black beans and rice. It was good, certainly better than the burger I was going to get.Would not drive very far to specifically go there, but if I'm in the area I would eat there again (I want to try the burrito, it was huge).There is certainly no shortage of places to eat at this intersection (Ft Apache & Sahara), but if you're in a southwest mood, give it a try.
3	The food here is really good.  I reccommend the steak tacos.  YUM!  However, I only gave it 3 stars because the organization is crap!  You seriously have to repeat your order 5 times before you check out.  Since my husband usually goes and gets a table with the kids and I do the ordering, that means I repeat 5 orders 5 times.  You do the math!  Im exhausted by the end of the line!!  Just kidding.....It's just more frustrating than anything.
1	Very disappointing!!  The cook tried to serve me half cooked chicken by slicing a thin piece off of the breast that was still cooking on the grill. GROSS! I expressed my disgust and promptly walked out without any food.
2	This Cafe Rio cannot get orders for groups right.  I have tried through their Catering line, online, and over the phone and they NEVER have gotten the order correct.  This time, the order was placed online and paid for online.  Pick up time for 11:45.  The order was not ready at 11:45 or noon for that matter.  And the person behind the counter asked for our list of food we ordered instead of reading it off their computer!  They received the online order because they received the payment.  The order was not ready until 12:30.  We asked for a manager and were denied.  This is going to corporate.  No, we will not be placing any group orders every again and will we tell everyone at the office about our experience.
3	Fatty, tasty food.  I wish the salad did not have a huge tortilla to make it filling.The drink station never seems well stocked at lunch.The staff does a good job moving people through line at lunch, but I always have a difficult time waiting 20 minutes to order this food.
4	This franchise has great food but I've noticed in some of the locations there's always workers that half ass the food just because maybe they're lazy. Just hope you actually get the people that give you great service and hospitality other than that I love the burrito of course in enchilada style!!
1	CUSTOMER SERVICE NEEDS A LOT OF HELP!!!!Customer service is a nightmare and Managers need to focus on there performance. I am not a complainer but when your online orders consistanly are wrong and when told to call an order in from now on and then they constatnly hang up on you then you are forced to find another place to eat. Food is great but they have to seriously work on customer service!! Cafe Rio has lost our loyalty!
5	Yes-- I am addicted to Cafe Rio. When I found out there was a location not far from my house I flipped out. I thought there was only the Henderson location. I plan on becoming a regular here.My review is pretty much the same as the other location. These places are pretty much the exact same. I love that they have daily specials. Those are really good deals. But once I tried that Chicken Tostada Salad it was over for me. I never order anything else. It is the perfect amount of chicken, cheese and beans of your choice. They pile high the fresh lettuce and top it with Pico and Sour Cream and a few Tortilla Chip Strips. The creamy dressing is my favorite.This location does not seem to be as busy as the Henderson location. I think the location might be bad. You will barely notice it from the street and it is also in the same shopping center as Chipotle. The staff was really friendly and helpful. The restaurant was also very clean and they had someone out there washing tables as soon as the guest would leave. Great location, great food!
5	Cafe rio leaves me speechless every time I eat there.  Absolutely.  Amazing.  Their salads with chicken or beef have the most amazing house dressing I have ever had.  I could drink it.
5	Love, love, love the pulled chicken quesedilla with pulled (shredded) chicken on a wheat tortilla - it's to die for!  I cannot get enough of this.  The meat is so tender, and spiced just right.  I love their guacamole and always get double less the sour cream.  Try it and you'll be hooked!
3	Come in here pretty often, few times a month. The enchilada style burritos are prettay good and the employees (I know there's an Ashley) are helpful and friendly. Also the special tamale days.
2	Great food. But they are ALWAYS out of something. Pico de Gallo or lettuce or grilled chicken. It really slows up the line and all business in general. If you live closer to another location I would never come here. Unfortunately I live across the street.
3	Normally I'd like to give these guys a better score than 3 stars. But the staff here is kinda slacking. Food is always up to par, just what your looking for if you've eat'n here before. But several times I've gone in to lines of customers that aren't moving because the staff is very disorganized. I've watched them hold up 10 customers while one girl worked on a call in order of 6 meals while other staff stood around talking. Then finally washed their hands and walked over to help. The cash register is also a bottle neck. So food is good, service not so good.
5	I absolutely love Cafe Rio. You really can't go wrong with any item on the menu. I usually get the chicken enchiladas or the chicken tacos with the homemade corn tortillas. Their prices are reasonable, they give you a lot of food, and they are fast. I try to make it here every time I'm back in Vegas.
3	Food was good as usual but service was extremely terrible. Normally the staff is friendly and polite, i don't know what it was, maybe because they were near closing but the staff was inattentive and the cashier left in the middle of nowhere for a couple minutes and she had her headphones in as if it was no big deal! Not satisfied if you every want to come make sure its not towards closing.
5	The last time I was at Cafe Rio I had called in a to go order for 2 of the popular pork salad. Needless to say I didn't go back until tonight (after 4 months) because we were so disappointed in our skimpy and I do mean skimpy salads, they were 1/2 the size of the ones we'd had the week before.I decided since I was in the area I'd give it another shot. I'm glad I did! It's piled with rice, black beans and for once plenty of pork! I even had to ask the girl making it to remove some of the huge pieces of lettuce as it was way too much for me! I'll probably have leftovers for tomorrow! I hope it's this way again when I return for more!
1	We were looking for a Chipotle but figured Cafe Rio would be basically the same thing. What a mistake. I've never regretted eating a meal more. Not only was the food completely bland, the service was awful. The kid who took our order was radiating hatred at every customer and seemed to be annoyed that we were there despite how easy our order was and then the girl who rang us up never made eye contact once. It made for a pretty uncomfortable environment and then the food was just a giant let down. I'll definitely head straight for Chipotle next time, or better yet, Lindo Michochaun.
5	Wow, this is way better than chipotle and I love how they have daily specials minus Sundays.  Food has better quality based on the salads I've received not to mention their portion is better sizing than chipotle.  They also have a great soda station including 3 different teas along with special beverages like horchata.  You can get creative with the flavor pumps to add to your soda with selections like pomegranate.  They have a cornucopia of hot sauces too.  For $5.75, you can get a tostada salad with either pork barbocoa or pulled chicken or on wednesdays, throw in a drink as a combo with the chicken for $.50 more...you can't beat that.
3	I don't eat at Cafe Rio a whole lot unless people from work drag me along. This time we were in the area during work and they wanted to stop by. The food was fresh and the service was fast even though there was a line forming when we arrived. I ordered a chicken burrito and it gets toasted in the oven after it's filled with chicken, beans and rice so it's nice and warm when you get it. The hot sauce was good too and had a decent kick to it. I would come here again if I were in the area. Don't forget to get your rewards card stamped too, because I always forget to carry it with me. After 10 stamps you'll get a free meal!
2	Don't bother calling in your order! When I got here, they didn't know the order was placed! They didn't even start making it untill we get here!!! This is the third time they've done this to me. Watched the whole line go through, while waiting on two meals :/
3	I have always been meaning too check this place out since one of my friends at work gave it a pretty good recommendation. I was in the area so figure why NOT. There were things that I liked about Cafe Rio and other things that just not impressed with or left without excitement of needed too come back again sooner then later. The whole idea of fresh tortilla LOVE it!!! Too see one of the working just going too town with twenty of them cooking at the same time. Little show for free. The circle flat top spinning in circle for sure helps not only the cooking process but that way no need too be seven feet plus reach the ones in the back. Lol! Always fan of seeing ones tacos, burrito, enchilada, or salad put together in front of you. Also fan of getting too choose which toppings or ones feel do without on. I like the fact not only horchata (really good), more then your normal fountain drink options had two other flavors mint flavor and other one pink lemonade or something close too. The portion size is great deal for the price under ten dollars. I passed on the rice and beans with my two tacos (instead made it three taco lunch) added one more price you pay. Still went ahead ordered side of rice just cause wanted too try it. All the topping were very much fresh from the greens, salsa, and course the tortilla fresh, The thought of fresh fresh tortilla is worth star all by itself!!!I felt like all my tacos short was on flavor. I had one beef and two chicken tacos. The beef was  more disappointed with then the chicken. The beef was nice moist BUT with total lack of flavor. I could not tell if it was slow braised in bbq or whatever it was in. Honestly just bland. The chicken was slightly better had nice grilled flavor but again lack identity or something. Rather bland chicken. The toppings helped out came too lack of flavors. Course the crispy fresh tortillas. Saving grace comes too tacos. Maybe need too order the enchilada next time.Talk about packed if coming for lunch don't be surprised if little wait. Even then it moves along decent pace. Forgot add one more thing like the fact that have outdoor patio area. It no water show just the parking lot. Still on nice day and if the place is packed too the max. Nice option. I did! Perfect weather and the place was packed so made the most of it!!!
2	The food is awesome , the service is fkin horrible. Have been to this location over 10 times and all but one time there is a massive line that takes 20 min if not more to get thru. The staff is slow as dirt and has no sense of urgency ..the fat Mexican lady I've never seen someone move so slow and do it so miserable looking..she slows down the entire line because her Co workers can't get around her. The staff is  all just talking and joking around and taking there sweet ass time ..oblivious to the line that stretches to the door.Went there today early and avoided the line so I was excited...I was the only person at the window and this kid comes up to assist the lady that was doing perfectly fine making my two orders and proceeds to Fuck both of my orders up..having to remake them..the second time he Fucked up one burrito again and had to be re made and then gives me an attitude and proceeds to talk shit on me to the lady in Spanish.I ordered two chips and queso and only got one..they were out and was told by this awesome douchebag that it would take 25 minuets for them to heat up cheese. Great food service is some of the worst I've ever seen. Will go to the one in aliante from now on...done with this location and their sorry ass staff.
5	I brought my BF who is from NYC here and he was very unsure about it. In fact the first time he wouldn't even eat here he wentTo chipotle. But when we got home and saw my burrito and tired it. He was then mad he didn't order one himself. NowHe craves it and eats here regularly! We even bought a bunch if burritos froze them and took it to NYC for his family to try.  I LOVE Cafe Rio. It started in Utah (my homeland) and the lines in Utah go out the door and is always a 30+min wait. So when I came here I was shocked to see it wasn't that busy. I was a little disappointed on the speed of the workers. I am use to having it be like the "Soup Nazi" in Seinfeld, know your order and move along. But this location is a slower pace. Cafe Rio is known for its enchilada style burritos and salads. Anyone that i talked to who didn't like it always got something else off the menu (idk what else is even on it) most popular is the steak or grilled chicken. They make all their ingredients fresh everyday. So from location to location their 'special house dressing' can be slightly different.  They are a little more expensive then other places but deff worth it!!
4	It's usually pretty busy, but it's always really tasty. Even with a longer line, they still usually crank people through pretty quickly. The meat is delicious. My son loves their quesidillas. Their salad can be made to be Slow Carb friendly, which is great to know (it's hard to find Slow Carb friendly fast food places).
2	Mediocre food at best. Not very flavorful. I don't think I would choose to eat here before any other Mexican restaurant.
5	This was my first time to Cafe Rio.  I am not a big fan of Mexican food..However Cafe Rio sold me.  Love it.  The food is delicious.  They were very busy but the line was great and the food fresh.  Great Job!!
5	Never had anything bad!  First choice: tortilla soup... Perfectly filling and not as high on calories as some other menu items.  Second choice: chx nachos aghhhh so bad for you but oh so good! Perfect to share! Like I said before everything is amazing!  Pork is awesome as well perfectly sweet! Salads are freshtastic and depending on what you get on it they actually can be healthy.  Substitute the dressing for salsa fresca just as delicious! If dining in try the strawberry lemonade...yummy.  The only thing I can say is... I actually never had dessert from here.  This is my go to place!
2	Sadly, we're over this location. Clearly, the management of this location is pitiful. The food is pretty standard Rio food, but the mishaps have become too frustrating. We go there about weekly for takeout and every, yes every, time they mess something up. Last night, it was the salad dressings. They messed up on which dressing was included with the salad and didn't include the pint house dressing that we bought. The time before, it was the soda we bought that they forgot. The time before that, it was a 30 minute wait in line. Oh, and spoke to the manager the most recent time who was less than concerned. And so on, and so on. I'm over it. It's easily my favorite fast food place in vegas, but the frustration and 35 minute round trips to get whatever they forgot is too much. Farewell Sahara Rio. No more delicious gut-bombs for us!
1	So tired of children working behind the counter that have "ZERO" sense of urgency!! I'd say food is great but, when they make u wait in a line for 30 minutes only to find out when you finally get to order that they ran out if grilled chicken or presume you don't care to get the yellow cheese on your quesadilla (all white cheese with no informing you they ran out of that too) management is clueless and when they read this they are going think "I must be doing something right - look at my numbers!" Hey Mgmnt - Imagine your numbers could be even greater than that fool! Get it together as I only come here now when the wife insists! As for running out if product, maybe place a sign on the door that let's customers know not to wait in a 30 minute line only to be let down then pissed off. These same experiences have happened to me MANY times. Chipotle is in same center - do consider it if you see more that 8-10 people in line!!
1	I'm not even going to comment on the quality of the food because I always leave dissatisfied because of the horrible service. I have been here many many times and not once have I gotten decent service, especially at the register. They are all rude and slow and don't really care at all about their customers. All the workers are lazy and look like they hate their lives and take it out on their customers!
2	I can't complain about the service, but the food always makes my stomach sick. Bathrooms are always dirty. Last time i was there, I left the place "running".
2	This cafe rio is the worst I've been to. The workers are rude & the rice was just so dry, we had to pick out the driest grains.
5	The red chicken enchiladas are excellent as well as the chips and salsa. I highly recommend you try the mint lime aid for your beverage. The dinning experience is casual but I highly recommend.
2	First off I will say that I love the menu and the food. This was my first time to this location and I wasn't happy at all!!!! First of all the servers think that everyone is supposed to know the menu and how you are supposed to order, NOT OK! Second every time I told her what I wanted I got corrected with an attitude. The food was just thrown in to the container and was so sloppy. That has never happened to me at the location on Blue Diamond. I will never go back to this location and would definitely not recommend going. And I would definitely say they need to learn customer service!
2	I have tried this place twice now and both times I left extremely disappointed. I keep hearing great things about it, but I just don't get why. The counter that you have to order from is so high I couldn't even see over it, so when they're standing there just looking at me waiting for me to tell them what ingredients I wanted, I didn't have a clue what the options were! I know I'm only 5'3", but come on, this is ridiculous, a lot of people are my height. The people making the bowl/wraps didn't even speak English well enough to answer the 97 questions that I had. So I eventually gave up asking. Then the sticker shock comes when my total is almost $15 for just me! To top it all off, I finally sit down to a sticky table and crumb filled seat, only to look at my order for the first time (now that it's not hiding behind what feels like a 9 foot prison wall) to find what can honestly be a bowl of 50% lettuce! Seriously? I went through this stress and paid an hourly wage for a bowl of lettuce with tiny drops of who-knows-what sprinkled throughout? Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me. Cafe Rio, I'm not allowing you a third strike...Zabbas, here I come!
2	Food is the only good thing there. And even that's questionable. Check the chicken and make sure it's not pink. Service is a big grump fest. They are so rude and they act like you are bothering them. I guess when they're so busy, who needs to be nice. Be ready to wait at least 30 minutes in line.
1	Don't order online or call in group orders. ..they seem to lose track of their online orders and they never have group orders ready before you show up to pau, even with a given pick up time. This is the 3rd, maybe 4th, time this has happened to us for our work lunches. Shame on them now...
2	So the gf really wanted to try this place after a little over a week we finally found ourselves here. Long story short it did not live up to the anticipation and hype and we were both unsatisfied with both the service and the food. The staff was a pretty rude besides maybe one person who helped us. I understand trying to work fast but your job is still to provide quality service. The line servers and cashier had a ok bye demeanor like you were a bother to them. One worker was really nice and walked around with a smile. I asked her if she could fix one of the drink machines and she took care of it happily. As for the food it was nothing special what do ever. You make your own tortillas cool, the difference in taste wasn't that big of a difference. Might be because the sugar burrito I ordered (the sweet pork barbacoa). I love sweet food but the barbacoa burrito tasted like straight sugar. I had to drench the second half in hot sauce just to balance out the taste a little. The steak burrito was mediocre definitely not worth $9. We both had to eat our burritos with a knife and fork because one the burritos weren't rolled good and they were soggy. Idk about you but I hate a messy put together burrito. I'm not a chipotle guy but I would def go with chipotle over these guys. Won't be coming back here there's too many better options I wouldn't even suggest it just to try.
1	Cafe Rio has good food, this location however is not  place I would EVER recommend! I went in today on my lunch hour to get a quesadilla. They put the meat on a taco tortilla and put it on the grill. The next guy in line didn't even know what I had ordered! This was after waiting 30 minutes to order my food! The next guy in line didn't seem to care when he said "oh, you wanted a big quesadilla?" I was ordering from the adult menu and was by myself, so there should have been no question what size I was ordering. He then shrugged and said "Well I guess we can remake it for you". This kind of customer service should never be tolerated. I will not eat at this location again and I recommend if anyone likes Cafe' Rio, DON'T go to the West Sahara and Ft. Apache location!As far as their catering goes they obviously can't handle the volume of business they have at that location, much less any catering orders as we have to order catering at my work from a different location just to get the orders correct!
1	Service is horrible. Their food is the best. These clowns catered my wedding and forgot the DRESSING for the salad... WTF? Why do their food trays smell like dead? Because they don't clean their towels. Everything is sticky and dirty. Have you ever looked at the floor when they are slinging your food all over the place? Down right disgusting. I've had it with this place....
1	Cafe Rio has THE BEST food, but this location has not gotten an order correct once. When ordering online, don't expect your food to be made until you get there. Make sure to check it or you will get home and find out your order is wrong!
1	4 of July Chipotle was closed so I decided to give this place a try. Workers were very un-friendly, the food was not good and the cost for a burrito bowl was over $14 that's with out a drink!
3	chipotle-esque in that is assembly style serving, but chipotle is better. As has been mentioned, sweet pork option is tender and tasty, and they have great tortillas that are fluffy and grilled. the perks end there.  The guac is mediocre (coming from Cali I have high standards, but still) the rice is riceroni-esque.  the only things you get in your taco are pico de gallo which I could make better at home myself and lettuce.  an okay option if you're tired of chipotle or other options, but meh in my book.
2	Caution: ordering tortilla soup "incorrectly" will get you bitched at here.I added a tortilla soup to my order, and the girl who has the easiest job on the assembly line copped major attitude. She popped her hand to her hip and asked if I'd ordered it at the front of the line- nope, because they didn't ask."You're SUPPOSED to order it at the FRONT of the line!", she barked at me before dramatically rolling her eyes, glaring at me, and getting it herself. After dealing with the sassy pint-size brat, I was a bit more critical of the food.Salmon burrito, $10, overpriced and under-seasoned, large portion is soggy and bland. I'd intended to eat this for lunch and dinner, but tossed it halfway through.Best purchase was the tortilla soup I suffered for, which came with crispy tortilla strips, fresh cilantro, and lime for garnish, was packed with tons of veggies, avocado, and cheese, and served with a  tortilla to make it a meal for just shy of $5.I'll take mine sans attitude next time.
4	They have very very delicious shrimp tacos go - taco tuesday! You really can't go wrong with any selection. They have really nice salad too !
5	Cafe Rio is one of my favorite Mexican-style restaurants. I introduced it to my wife years ago, but she didn't care for it until she knew what to order. We now have regular Cafe Rio date nights. So here is the skinny.Me - I order a steak burrito with black beans, rice, mild salsa, guacamole, and enchilada style. I like to add a side of chips and queso because they are so good!My wife - she orders the pork burrito with pinto beans, rice, mild salsa, and enchilada style. She also really likes the pork nachos. The pork is sweet which some people don't like, but we definitely do.I prefer Cafe Rio over Chipotle because the ingredients aren't as spicy. Definitely try Cafe Rio.
5	Love this place---Pork tamales are the best ever!
5	Super amazing & best quality in freshness! Be sure to get a stamp card because you will be coming back! Aside from the great food, I recommend the sweet pork tacos, they have fresh made lemon aids and horchata! Chips and caso is also really good on a lunch for 2! And don't forget the fresh made Key Lime Pie !
5	Best fast food besides in n out! Love this place! Ask for the house sauce and the limeade!
1	Simply awful. We tried this Chipotle-style fast food joint today for the first time and it was so bad, I feel compelled to write about it immediately.  Upon first view, everything looked so promising....a long line, the homemade tortillas, fresh looking ingredients, smiling workers....but it all fell apart once we received our orders and tried the food.My wife had a chicken quesadilla and it was one hot mess.  Greasy, gooey, sloppy and disgusting. She took two bites, probably one bite more than the quesadilla deserved, and gave up. My cheese enchilada with medium spice sauce was even worse; the sauce was extremely salty and had a very unusual, awful taste that made the enchilada inedible. I had one bite and stopped eating. The accompanying pico de gallo and shredded lettuce with each dish was pretty good!! The Diet Coke and Barqs root beer were also good.  The self-serve drink station was a mess however, with piles of overflow ice and overflow soda all over the counter and floor. I always view this drink station mess, just atrocious housekeeping, which you see in a lot of fast food restaurants, as a sure sign of a poorly managed food establishment.  The Manager should be canned for allowing such a hygiene and health hazard in the restaurant. I am amazed that Zagat rates Rio Cafe so highly.  It's one of the worst places I've eaten in Las Vegas. I recommend you do not try this restaurant.
4	Great pulled pork salad;  also like there enchiladas and burritos. Good place for lunch, but sometimes the line can get a little long. Not exactly fast food.Worth the wait.
5	Pork burrito enchilada style all the way! Also... their queso can't be beat!
1	Every time I come here I get some bullshit problem, I don't understand why I continue to give chances. I placed an online order and came in exactly at my pick-up time to find noone ever saw the ticket print and never prepared my order, meanwhile the couple in front of me has now ordered just about everything off the menu and almost all the meat is gone. Since they hadn't even begun to make my order I asked for black beans and rice vs the double beans I accidentally selected. If I hadn't rushed to the guy making the food it wouldn't have had either because the cashier didn't remember and would rather the order be wrong than ask me again. I also asked for NO  cilantro on my salad order and without fail there was cilantro scattered all over. I have come to this location several times and have never had a smooth ride, there have always been issues or attitude problems. This time I am done. Save yourself what time you can; speak clearly and watch them like a hawk.
1	I don't say this about many places, but this place was disgusting. I got the chicken enchiladas and the entire plate was drenched in their medium chile sauce that tasted like sweet and sour sauce, making it inedible. After eating what I could of it, I had a bad stomachache the rest of the day. Save yourselves and head over to Chipotle which is in the same plaza.
5	Seriously this is one of the best Mexican places I've ever had. It's like a more authentic chipotle but it's so yummy and full of flavor! The steak and the carnitas are amazing! Defiantly a must try because it's one of the best in vegas!
1	Long ass line people making orders do not know what they are doing ... Stood in line 20 mins .. Ordered was fucked up  ,.. The food was not good at all and it can't up to 33 dollars !! A enchilada quesadilla taco was not good I will not be back they didn't even take time to make sure it was not sloppy
2	No matter how often I try Cafe Rio, I still can't find anything on the menu that I like. The meats are always either bland or overly seasoned, the sauces they use are always too sweet or salty, or both.The only redeeming quality I've found is that their veggies are typically fresh. This location was no different and despite putting in our order online, a lot of our order was mixed up and some of us were missing condiments and they didn't pack any utensils or napkins in our to go box.
4	Love it great food
2	I love cafe rio. today was super slow, bad attitude day it seems. all the employees were super pushy and very irritated with basic requests such as guac or sour cream. granted the food ended up being delicious, as always, customer service for sure needs improvement at this location.
3	I've been to this Cafe Rio about a dozen times at least. The staff is always amazing and the food is wonderful every time we go. But the cleanliness of the facility has been going down steadily with each visit. More specifically, the bathrooms are horrible. On my most recent trip, the toilet paper was empty, there were paper towels covering the floor, and the soap dispenser was broken. Also, I wish there were a place to hang my purse when I am in the restroom. Friday nights are a zoo: go on Wednesdays for lunch ;).
2	I love Cafe Rio, it's great food and way better than Chipotle or other competitors. However, this location has hired some rude staff. They also apparently hate their online ordering system which I like using because I hate waiting in line. Both times i've ordered from this location online the staff member was rude, treated me horrible and made me not want to come back. The first time I ordered online I had a "Free Drink" and I asked her for my cup and she said "you didn't order one, I then said yes I did it says it on my receipt" and she replied "oh yeah you do get one for free if you order online here" and gave me a nasty smirk while handing over the cup. Which to me was like why do you care if I paid for it or not you'll still get paid either way.  But who knows maybe she is one of those "I should get $15 an hour for working in a fast food joint" employees. The next time I ordered online I was sick, all I wanted was tortilla soup and it's not like Cafe Rio delivers. So I ordered my soup and showed up at the scheduled time and I walked through the Empty line because people at tables were blocking the walkway to the to-go walkway and the employee then yells at me "ma'am aren't you going to order first" I explain to her that I'm here to pick up an order from online I just couldn't get through the other way and she looks at me like I'm crazy. She then opens the online ordering system and realizes no one paid attention that they had an order online to fulfill. She tells me it will be a few minutes and 10 minutes later of me standing there like an idiot in my PJ's sick and wanting to go back to bed, my small little cup of soup was ready to go. Luckily I paid by credit card online so I didn't have to pay so she just handed me the bag with a "fuck off" smile and didn't even wish me to have a good day. I wrote a letter to the corporate office and they apologized heard me out and sent me two free meal cards. I'm not sure if I should come back and use them at this location but I feel like I should that way they know that they are terrible and need to improve their customer service skills.
1	Food cold and skimpy
3	Not a huge fan  of Mexican food, but this was my second  time and I think it's pretty good.  My daughter got a chicken  quesadilla, which came with rice and chips. Not a bad size kids meal- wish they offered other things in a kids meal. I got the tacos with grilled chicken  I was pleased with it just wished they put a little bit more meat. Most of the people working were very friendly except one girl. Who was very rude when we were asking questions. My daughter left her purse on the chair and after calling the place as soon as we realized it they were able to hold on to it for us... thank goodness for honest people
