5	Amazing! The woman inline next to me was back for the second time today. It's THAT good.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna appetizer and the Kale salad.  Both were amazing!  I polished it off with the Chocolate Lava Cake.  It's gluten free!  WINNING!NOTE!  The address says Grand Canyon, but it's in a little strip mall in front of Target  in the same parking lot.  If you are coming from the 215 on Flamingo, go through the light at Grand Canyon and make the next left.  You will see it on the right-hand side.
5	I love this place! It's perfect for anyone trying to eat a healthy meal without going over budget.  The food is fresh and the fish is delicious, the portions are generous and the chef will prepare your food to any specific requests.  Perfect location for anyone coming in after the gym (it's right by Las Vegas Athletic Club) for a post-workout meal.   The customer service is excellent as well.  I highly recommend this place!!!
5	I came here yesterday and it is a great place for casual seafood dining. I'll definitely be coming back again!LOCATIONGood location on the corner of a strip mall in between Target and Chase Bank.DECORThe decor is clean and the interior is bright and airy with organic colors that give off a relaxed and refreshing feeling.  Perfect if you're looking for a quick, healthy and informal dining experience.SERVICEFriendly and caring.  The waitresses were welcoming and efficient while the owners were engaging and helpful in answering questions about the menu.FOODI ordered the Baja Salad with Salmon, Grilled Chicken Tacos, and English Clam Chowder.  The Salad was amazing as the portions were generous and ingredients were fresh!  The Salmon that came with the Salad was from Loch Duart in Scotland (I noticed this on the menu) which is a high quality brand that complemented the Salad well.  The Tacos were tasty as the chicken was tender and moist with a slight char which added to the flavor.  The clam chowder had a good consistency (not too thick or watery) and came in a bread bowl.OVERALLThe food tasted great, the portions were satisfying (I couldn't finish everything and still had food left over on my plate), the plating (food presentation) was pleasing to the eye, and the prices were reasonable for the quality/quantity.  I am looking forward to returning and trying the other menu items as there is good variety to the selections that should satisfy all appetites!
5	My friend took me here to eat. When we walked in the cashier remembered him and also remembered he was allergic to nuts and seeds. She was very helpful and friendly. She provided me with suggestions from the menu and had no problem describing the dishes. We ordered crab cakes, crunchy fish tacos, orange roughy, grilled zucchini and lava cake. The crab cakes we baked perfect with a nice crunchy outside and the sauce was fantastic with a nice tangy spice. The grilled zucchini was excellent. Not over grilled. When I took my first bite the juices exploded in my mouth.  Every bite after with the same experience, I felt like I was in zucchini bliss. The crunchy fish taco is to die for. There is a nice citrus flavor that was totally unexpected. The thickness of the shredded cheese was a great twist. The pico was homemade and fresh. The orange roughy was was cooked to perfection. The chef did an amazing job. The grill marks were great. It did not break into peices when I cut it and it did not have a bitter fishy taste. The garkic buttet cream sauce on the top took it over the top. Great job on this ocean fish masterpiece.  The lava cake was nice not too sweet but had a nice flavor of strawberries that occopany this wonderful desert. My advice is jump all over the orange roughy. When we left they thanked us for coming in and sent us off with a warm farewell.
5	Manhattan Fish Grill is currently going through a soft opening. I walked in and was welcomed by the staff with smiles. The smell coming in was heavenly and the interior is inviting. I ordered the Cod plate with lemon oregano sauce on the side with the kale salad with the strawberry dressing also on the side. The 4 oz or 5 oz fish was perfectly cooked and just melted in your mouth and the sauce was a perfect complement to the fish. The kale salad is a mix of kale, almonds, strawberries, and cranberries. The serving size is about 2 cups worth of salad which I enjoyed immensely.         The time from order to being delivered to my table was about 8 minutes. Also they have something I don't see very often; two words malt vinegar. If you want excellent fish, food, and service come here.     Well I returned for a second meal was wowed by the orange rough plate with garlic butter. Served with coleslaw and sweet potato fries. Food was spot on again, I even ate the coleslaw and I am not a big fan of coleslaw.
5	I got the Ahi Tuna Fish Plate and it was delicious! The ahi tuna was very juicy and tender like high quality steak! Soooo Good! What's best is that it  has a lot of protein.
4	The mahi mahi is moist and I enjoyed the kale salad. We tried the crab cakes and it wasn't filled with fillers, it had actual crab in it, at least it seemed that way. Hubby got salmon with garlic sauce, rice pilaf, and sweet potato fries. We enjoyed the sweet potato fries, we both didn't care for the cole slaw, the rice was kind of a small portion but that's ok, and hubby wanted more garlic sauce. The vegan brownie is delish! Moist and flavorful. I've been waiting for a place to get fish at a reasonable price nearby home. It's casual but nice looking inside. High ceilings and clean. The prices are reasonable.
5	You'd never expect 5 star quality seafood dishes outside of a high end restaurant in a at reasonable prices in a strip mall but this is what Manhattan Fish delivers.  I had incredible clam chowder and the grilled salmon and it was terrific.  The salads are fresh, light, and delish.  My young daughter who always complains about eating fish gobbled up the grilled tilapia like it was pepporoni pizza.  Eating healthy never tasted so good!
5	5 stars all the way. If Yelp would give me the option to 10 out of 5 I would give it a 10. As a full time Realtor, I'm always on the go and am in a car driving all around town. Eating on the go is part of my lifestyle. As us Las Vegan's know, it's very hard to find a healthy place to go eat at that's also delicious. Finally there is a fish grill here in town and not only is something that Las Vegas has needed. The service, food, presentation, ambiance, is all top notch. I eat here 5 days a week and eating here has helped me get my healthy lifestyle back on track. My wife, my taste buds and my waist line all thank you Manhattan Fish Grill !!! I'm sure I'll see you real soon :)
5	Amazing food with great taste! Been here four times already and every time is a surprise!
5	I actually haven't been yelping much lately but this place actually was so good i had to log in.   I have been here 3 times with some co workers literally once a week for the last month. Every time i have had the opportunity to be served by nice and funny women working up front.  They definitely did a good job hiring these ladies!On to the food... what can i say  it is AMAZING!First time i had the Tilapia plate , brown rice and veggies ( substituting the coleslaw is 1$ more ) with Garlic Butter Sauce.   It was excellent, lots of flavor.  Had a nice char on the fish edges. Sauce was to die for.   For the most part a very healthy plate of food.   For 11 dollars + tax... Holy Crap!  CHEAP!Next time was the same as above except i added the New England Chowder.. a little watery than i enjoy , but had very good flavor.  Will definitely repeat.   Oh its served in a buttery bread bowl  YUM!  This last time ( Less than an hour ago ) i ordered the Salmon with the same Garlic Butter sauce and veggies..........  O M G.  Probably one of the biggest peices of salmon i have ever been served at a restaurant and the flavor was excellent.  Some salmon has a slight fish taste to it .. this one did not.    15$ +tax WOW! CHEAP!I entirely recommend Manhattan Fish Grill and hope that they continue to be spot on with there dishes day in and day out...   There consistency is a major selling factor for me to continue to dine there. Keep up the good work guys!
5	This place is amazing. It is set up like Rachael's Kitchen, in which you order at the counter and then they bring you your food. The fish is so fresh, not fishy, and cooked perfectly. I got the kale salad with salmon and it was very tasty. Not overdressed the kale was not tough and the cranberries and strawberries added a great sweetness. Their Manhattan clam chowder was also very good and served in a bread bowl. I recommend this place to anyone. Great food and the people were very nice. You can get out of here for around 15$ a person which is extremely reasonable for the quality of the food you are getting. I will be back.
5	I stopped by this afternoon for takeout and got an order of salmon and an order of mahi.  Both were cooked perfectly and tasted great, prices are reasonable, and I appreciated the care taken in packing the to-go order with sauce on the side and slaw in separate container etc, so everything was still good when I got home.
5	After reading the reviews on Yelp, I had to try this place. I got the salmon with rice pilaf and I paid $1 to substitute the cole slaw for mixed vegetables. I also got the garlic butter for my salmon. It was delicious! The salmon was cooked to my liking and the garlic butter was to die for. The rice pilaf and mixed veggies complimented the dish well too. I will definitely be returning to order the salmon again and to try the clam chowder served in a bread bowl. :)
4	Impressed!! Manhattan fish grill caught our eye with their swanky modern interior. We decided to give it a go for lunch. The food was great. Everyone was pleased. I had a grilled fish plate with orange roughy topped with mango salsa and kale salad. It tasted fresh and flavorful. The kale salad was excellent. They have lots if tasty sounding sides to choose from. I sampled the New England clam chowder as well. It was good but overly salty. This place is great for a quick and healthy meal that won't put you over budget or over calories for the day.
5	Very impressed with this place.  Had the Orange Roughy with the Cajun seasoning and a side of Quinoa also had the Manhattan clam chowder in a bread bowl.  Nice staff, great service, great food.  Can't wait to go back.
5	A rare gem that we happen to come across!!! The food was amazing, service was awesome, might be my new favorite place!!!
5	Perfectly cooked fish, fresh cut fries, delicious salads, and vegan brownies. What's not to love about this place?The prices are very reasonable and the food is awesome. Choose a sandwich, salad, tacos or plate. Choose from a respectable selection of fish and sides.You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. The dining area and tables are spotless.We got both sweet potato and regular french fries. Both were so good it's hard to say which I prefer, but I think the french fries win out by a narrow margin.Sweet Potato Fries 5/5Fresh cut, well seasoned and perfectly crispy. These are excellent.French Fries 5/5These are also fresh cut and perfectly crispy. They seem to have a bit of citrus in the seasoning which tasted amazing, especially when paired with fish. Highly recommended. Kale Salad with Mahi 5/5Raw kale can be heavy. They add just enough shredded cabbage, fresh apple and romaine to make this salad light and crispy. It comes with fresh strawberries and dried cranberries,  tossed in a strawberry vinegrette.  You can choose from several fish options with the salads. I tried the Mahi  and it was cooked perfectly, very tender and juicy.Crispy Fish Sandwich 4/5The fried cod was crispy and delicious. Together with the bun it was a bit dry. This sandwich could use some fruit salsa or sambal of some kind, but not bad.Vegan Brownie 4/5Tasty and impressive for being vegan, but not overwhelming in any way.I'll definitely be coming back to this spot when I want some fresh and well prepared fish that's easy on the wallet. Very happy to have found it, thanks yelp!
3	Sadly the portion of mahi mahi is half the size that it was the first time I came in. Also, the last two visits here my kale salad only had1-2 slivers of an almond but they say the salad includes almonds? I wish the food were more consistent, but I did find it to be healthy and I hope they were just having a bad night.
5	Been here several times with the wife and kids and will keep coming back.  Great tasting food that even my picky kids like.  Not only that, but its healthy too.  Service has always been excellent and the food has been consistently good.  I'm not the biggest fish eater but this place has converted me.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
4	Have you ever ordered a dish and enjoyed part of it but wish you could pick the side dishes or the accompaniments? Well now you can.  At Manhattan Fish Grill you get to pick your fish, pick the form it is served (sandwich, salad, or plate) and then you pick the sides and style.  I had a mahi mahi salad which was excellent.  We also tried the calamari which was not the best calamari I have had but I enjoyed the light coating and the dipping sauce was excellent.The others enjoyed their meals too and the 5 of us ate for less than 80 dollars.Ambiance is lacking but service was friendly and the food tasted great.
5	Great fresh healthy food! Multiple types of fish on top of salads, in tacos, or on a tasty plate.
5	I have been here many times and have always enjoyed my meal. I recomend it to any fish lover.
4	$8 for the Mahi mahi tacos... yeah, it's a pretty great deal, to me. $6 for crispy or grilled fish. The fish is cod. You get two of the tacos with the option of getting corn or flour tortillas. You can get half and half, as well. Aside from the tacos they've got a bunch of other stuff as well as fish plates, claw chowder, and so forth. I've had these types of seafood restaurants in Cali but I think this is the first time I've discovered one in Vegas worth trying out. :0) So far, I'm a fan!Interior looks quite nice. The cashiers also will periodically check up on you so that was nice. It's solid for me as of my second visit :0).
5	Amazing! Love prices, service and  food. New spot for sure ... Won't be a hidden gem for long. Ordering Manhattan Chowder ...
5	I love everything about Manhattan Fish Grill -- it really deserves 10 stars. I have been a few times now.  Very clean, friendly service, great decor, reasonable prices, great menu, lots of seating, and parking spots.  The fresh cajun seared Ahi is delicious.  They gave me a trio of sauces to sample with my fish because I couldn't decide which one I wanted.  IMO the mango sauce and the garlic butter are wonderful choices for your fish.  They also serve China Mist Iced Tea and Fiji bottled water which is a huge plus for me.  The cole slaw is one of the best in town. I dined in and got a few things  to-go both times.  The to-go packaging is neat and the food still tasted superb.  The chowder in the bread bowl is great.  The Kale Salad with the strawberry dressing is also a must try.I'd like to mention that they have 2 T.V's on the wall if that is something that's important to you.  I know a lot of gamblers in Vegas like to watch sporting events or at least see scores. Thumbs up for a sparkling fresh ladies room.  Check out their Facebook page and spread the word.  I want to see this place around for a long time because I LOVE IT!
4	I'm still a fan, but salmon was undercooked last time I went.  I had to re-cook it when I got home....and swordfish was a bit overcooked.  Swordfish was a very thin cut and the salmon was a thicker than usual cut...I'm thinking they threw it on the grill and didn't adjust times for thickness of the cuts.  They need to work on consistency.
4	The top two things to like here are the quality and price.  There is definitely some bang for your buck to be had.  Well known spots like McCormick and Schmick's would feature these entrees at much more than these guys charge.  They also offer a discount for LVAC members.  We started with the "New England Clam Chowder" which was served in a bread bowl with plenty of oyster crackers for some elegant carb on carb action.  The soup was delicious and the clams were plentiful.  This was a steal for $4.50.I got the "Seared Ahi Tuna" plate which came with a side and cole slaw.  You can see from all the pictures that you get A LOT of tuna for $15.  The tuna was seasoned in Cajun spice and it was terrific.   I paid $1 extra to get another side and opted for the quinoa and kale salad.  The kale salad was great and the mix of strawberries, almonds, carrots, jicama, cranberries and more made me feel like a walking antioxidant afterwards.  I will most likely just order the tuna and kale salad combo next time which is a couple of bucks less but you get the same size tuna and more salad.  My wife got the salmon with garlic butter sauce.  That sauce was so good that we asked for an extra side of it.  It had the consistency of tartar sauce and was a welcome change.  The salmon was grilled well although the pieces were not as big as the tuna.  It's definitely a casual atmosphere since you're ordering from the cash register. I imagine they get a lot of take out orders for lunch.  This is another solid choice for lunch if you're leaning towards the healthy side of things....or not since the fried catfish in their pics looks amazing too.  The only thing I felt was missing from dinner was some wine.  Not sure if they plan on serving it in the future.
5	When my family tried the Manhattan fish grill, the quality  of the food was really  good. The restaurant itself was very presentable and the prices of the food are  very affordable. Definitely will come back to this place to try other foods on the menu.
3	Me and the wifey were craving fish so a search on Yelp lead us here. Seeing that some of my trusted Yelp buddies have already done a review on this place, I would say the decision to come here was a good one. With that said, I just found it ok. I may not agree with the reviews, but I respect their opinions.First off, the prices here are a bit lower than what you would find at a higher end seafood place so that's a good start. Their menu options are pretty simple to understand. I opted for the Tilapia Cajun style. Comes with Cole Slaw and one side so I opted for Kale Salad. Im not into Cole Slaw so I substituted it for Grilled Veggies, which was a dollar more. My wife went with the Seared Ahi Cajun style with Kale Salad and substituted Brown Rice for yet another dollar more. The Tilapia was decent. It was nice and flaky but I thought it could of used more seasoning. Since I had it Cajun style, I was expecting a bit of a kick to it, which I found none of. The grilled veggies were really good. You got sliced carrots and red bell peppers cooked just right with that little bit of crispiness to it. My wife's Seared Ahi was just ok. Again, hardly any of the Cajun flavor was evident. The Brown Rice was just ok.Notice I didn't mention the Kale Salad. It's because that salad is worthy of it's own paragraph! Now I have never been much of salad eater and when I do, kale is definitely not my first choice but after experiencing it here I was hooked! Their Kale Salad by itself is worthy of a 5 star rating. From what I recall, it had sliced strawberries, almonds and carrots. As for the dressing, it had a strawberry infused poppy seed vinaigrette type of taste to it. I kid you not if this was all I had for lunch or dinner I would be satisfied! So whatever you get here, make sure the Kale Salad is a part of it or your trip is going to be a waste!Because of the tasty Kale Salad, that is what prevented me from giving this place 2 stars instead of 3. Why you ask? Well I am spoiled by my favorite fish place called California Fish Grill that has several locations in Southern California. Memo to the owner: Check these guys out and you will know what you are dealing with. Their prices are a bit cheaper, the portions are a bit more, and when you get the Cajun style flavor, you actually get the spicy kick you are looking for. You also get different salsas you can put on your fish at no additional charge. So overall, I still need to find a place that is comparable to my favorite place in California. But for awesome Kale Salad, this is my go to place.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #2
5	I thought my food was delicious! It's a bonus that it was also healthy too. I had the seared ahi tuna in garlic butter with brown rice. The sauce, by the way, was super tasty! The Manhattan clam chowder was also good too. The staff was nice, but I really liked the atmosphere. It's very clean, relaxed, and comfortable. My friends and I had a great meal and are definitely going to return.
5	Walked in here an tried only clam chowder , as I know this is the only place in Vegas that serve chowder in a bun, very tasty and creamy. Place is very clean and modern;)
4	Manhattan Fish Grill offers a healthier option to fast food. It doesn't taste like fast food though.  They take great care in preparing their meals.I had their crab cake sandwich . It was tasty and was nicely held together. This is important because in many places ordering a crab cake sandwich means a crumbling mess! It came with a side of crispy fries. The sides are not gigantic but it is just enough not to make you feel guilty about what you ate.Speaking of guilt I also tried their brownie . It was bigger and fluffier than most. It didn't feel heavy or greasey. The second visit I had their Kale salad. You can add fish, chicken or shrimp for a small fee. It is a big portion and I  loved the berry mix that was in the salad.If you eat in during the winter months it is best to come bundled up because whenever the door opens it can get chilly!
5	Surprise, a great buy and a great place. My wife and I saw this place while out and about. I was concerned because it reminded me of a fast food restaurant. The prices where what I expected. Then out came the food and bam, hit me like a Mac Truck. I love fish and consider myself a food snob when it comes to fish. My food was fresh and hot and perfect. The staff was as attentive as would be expected. This place is all about quick service. But the food makes up for it.
4	Nice little place on the west side of town near 215 and Flamingo. Recommended to me a few times by Julie L., i finally got to try it once. Friendly staff that introduces you the menu if its your first time :] little +1 for that so you dont stand there clueless =X Chopped Ahi Tuna Appetizer - piled in the middle with a ring, surrounded by some crispy chips, its a nice appetizer to try. Tuna was fresh and tender. No chewy bits. Chips were nice and crispy. Great to eat the tuna on top of the chip. Salmon Tacos - Two soft tortilla tacos with sour cream, guacamole, and a sauce (tomatillo? green tomato?) on the side. Salmon was a bit dry, more on the cooked side. My preference on cooking salmon at home, would a crisp sear on the outside, and the inside is still borderline raw. Keeps it nice and tender and moist. Overall, the taco was delicious. Will try a different fish next time ! Orange Roughy Fish Plate - BEST of the 3. ok a little side story. prior to this, my friend and I had seen Orange Roughy at a restaurant we ate at before. Didn't know what it was but had google'd it up and what not. Since then, we've been seeing it everywhere. Finally got to try it. Had ordered the fish plate with a side of sweet potato fries, comes with a cole slaw, and we were given two different sauces (indecisive and the one who took our order said she'll give us both to try). The sauces were a mango salsa and a garlic butter. The fish was nicely grilled. The texture of the fish was tender but not flaky like salmon. its more... stringy? iunoe how to describe that. medium texture, not soft like bass but not firm like salmon or tuna when fully cooked. The garlic butter is, like garlic butter. Very butter, with a hint, not too strong garlic flavor. The mango salsa, OMG you can give me a bowl of that, i can eat straight up or with chips or something. So bright and refreshing. Paired on top of the fish. SUPER WIN ! Squirt some lemon juice on top, and take a bite. its like a symphony of flavors. Will come back to try other fishes as well. Been recommended the fried cod tacos. Next time ! :D
3	I went here with a group of friends and ordered the grilled fish sandwich and New England Clam Chowder. I was bummed they were out of a lot of ingredients which I initially wanted to try like the sweet potato fries, ahi tuna, and crab cakes. I didn't like the fish sandwich too much, because it lacked flavor, but their New England Clam Chowder is to die for.  I think by far the best I've had on my side of town.  I wanted it in a bread bowl, but they were out of bread bowls too.  (- ____- #)
3	I like what's happening here. Who ever came up with this place had healthy options in mind. Moderation is in play for the better and worse, with an emphasis more on protein and vegetables than protein and carbohydrates. Even the dessert on the menu is vegan (the brownie) just to claim that. I can appreciate this, being lactose intolerant.We had...- Mahi mahi over a kale salad. Let this be the first time I ever say this: it needed more dressing. The mahi mahi was fine. It was cooked fish and nothing out of the ordinary. The kale salad was colossal. It was just as you'd expect. Raw kale in a giant bowl. Some strawberries were mixed in and a light strawberry vinaigrette was concentrated lightly in the center. Again, more dressing. Not overkill, but more. I just had a bunch of kale with a small piece of fish. Flavors were missing, but I appreciated the purity and healthiness, too. A larger piece of fish would do some more justice.- Crab cake sandwich. Ok, I know real crab is expensive but this was hilariously underwhelming. Take a crab cake which, on its own, would be tasty. Put it on a bun far larger than it. Call it a day. Crab cake sandwich. Technically they didn't lie, but way to underwhelm. Missed opportunity.Would we be back? Sure, but I think their portion size regarding the fish needs to be a bit more, and the sandwiches need more in general. Also, everything was served cold. Why? We were almost the only people in there!Otherwise, I appreciate the concentration on healthy options in an otherwise unhealthy world of food.
5	Incredible! Better than most restaurants in terms of quality but at a price that makes it that much more enjoyable. Great selection of fish that are cooked perfectly. Clean, friendly staff, comfortable. Strongly suggest you check this place out.
5	Oh yeah, this place is underrated. Well, correctly rated 4.5 stars, but needs more patrons. The food quality is very good, and prices are very reasonable for the value.Mahi Mahi with lemon oregano seasoning, kale salad and brown rice. Shrimp tacos with shredded lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole and beans. Both excellent.
3	The only thing here that has had flavor was the grilled chicken tacos.  There food is not bad by any means, it just lacks flavor.  Its very bland and kind of boring.  The coleslaw tastes neither vinegar based or cream based.  Just some wet cabbage.  The ambiance and staff are great, just disappointed in lack of flavor.
4	Was surprising impressed. Soup, salad and fish were tasty. Pretty fast service. Definitely worth going back.
5	The food is fresh and great and the price is right! For a nice sized girlies tilapia salad it is under $9. Really nice menu to eat good and healthy. I got the Asian salad add tilapia and I am very satisfied and I will be back.
5	This place is super clean with friendly staff.  We started off with the tasty crab cakes.  Then, we got a kale salad which was great but I thought it needed more salad dressing.  We also shared a Cod with cajun seasoning with a side of sweet potato fries.  The cod was good.  The sweet potato fries were delicious!  We'll definitely be back. I want to try the New England Clam Chowder next time.
2	I'm a fan of fast-casual restaurants that offer healthy and fresh options. I don't always have time to cook at home and I don't have the deep pockets to constantly eat at higher end spots. So, there's plenty to like here. They specialize in fish cooked to order with your choice of seasoning or sauce and a side. Soups, sandwiches, salads, and tacos are on the menu as well. And, the place is kid friendly. They've got a few options for the rugrats, too. The downside, at least from my singular experience, was that I could smell the fish coming to my table. It wasn't awful, but it was certainly the smell of a not-so-fresh fish. It was still edible and I liked the mango salsa on top of my orange roughy ($12) and had no qualms with the brown rice. But the fish itself could have been better. Obviously, at these prices you can't expect fish to be flown in daily. You'd have to go to Bartolotta or other high-end Strip restaurant for that.The kid's chicken tenders ($5) appeared to be house-made, so they should get some credit for that. Unfortunately, it was too bland, even for my kid. Conceptually, this place is great. But their execution and quality of product might be in question.
5	They have sweet potato fries, that is almost always a good sign,  LOL.  Fried and grilled options, but even the fried fish is light and not greasy.  My girlfriend loved the grilled orange roughy.   I was impressed with how white the catfish was (my father would approve!) As well as how fresh it tasted.  Good catfish is hard to find.  I hope the business earlier in the evening is more brisk.  We arrived at 8 and only saw 2 other patrons.  I hope they stay in business so we have a good seafood option in town that doesn't break the bank!
1	Orange roughy?  Ever hear of sustainable fish?  Not cool.
5	An awesome and unique concept, my favorite plate is the fish tacos, crispy with black beans, there is no better fish tacos in Las Vegas period, and you only pay 6 bucks for them, I love Manhatan man they are awesome
1	So not impressed. Out of numerous items. Grilled shrimp tacos were cold. Crispy shrimp app was pretty good. Won't be back
4	My dad and I were looking for a seafood place since it was lent. I saw Manhattan Fish Grill pop up on yelp as a nearby seafood restaurant so we thought we would try it.It's an order at the counter type fast good place so I was skeptical about how the final product would turn out. I ordered the salmon charbroiled plate with Cajun seasoning, garlic butter and a side of veggies while my dad had the seared ahi tuna mango salsa.When our food arrived, about 15 min, it seemed as if we were transported to bonefish grill (without the fancy water glasses and tablecloths). My salmon and my dad's ahi tuna were cooked to perfectly to our liking. The mango salsa went perfectly with the tuna. I loved the Cajun seasoning on my salmon but I will have to try the other seasonings and sauces. Both of our plates came with a side of coleslaw which had just the right amount of mayo, IMHO.We will definitely be coming back here and trying all the other menu items and will be brining friends.
2	I was excited to try this relatively new place.  They were out of Salmon.  No excuse for that right?  The Catfish was good, but the fish tacos were cold (are they supposed to be?).  I don't send food back ( we all know why).  The fish tacos were not great anyway.  Ambiance was inviting.  The waitress was pleasant, although didn't seem to know anything about the owners, business, etc.  Unfortunately this is just another fish place that can't seem to get it right in the desert.  Food is probably overpriced.  For the price, I'll go more upscale for better fish.
5	Words cannot describe how much I love this place. The location is tucked away inside of the Target shopping center, so it can be very easy to miss. I've been there 4 times in one week, that's how good it is! So far I've had the fish tacos, fried catfish, seared ahi, and the crabcake sandwich which is by far my favorite thing on the menu. Just a heads up, they sell out fast. Everything there is made fresh to order and the sides are just as great as the main dishes. I highly recommend the kale salad. Funny thing, the only reason I had it was because they messed up my order and gave me the salad instead. I'm not one to be a picky eater and mistakes happen, so I kept the salad. Best decision I've ever made. From then on, I always get the kale salad. If you get any of the fish plates you have different options of how it's prepared; blackened, grilled, seared, and fried. I'm not a big fan of fried food anymore, but how they fry their fish doesn't have that greasy taste to it and tastes really clean, which I love. The best part of this place is the price. So fresh fish and other seafood options, this place is so cheap and the portions are just right. I found a new favorite lunch spot.
5	Vegan brownies available here!!! Love this place!!!! Friendly staff. Awesome fresh food. I always get the fish tacos and shrimp salad to split with my husband. Great option for vegetarians and vegans. Bomb!
3	I really wanted to give them more than 3 stars but I just couldn't. Decided to try this place out because my co-worker raved about this place. Plus it was just down the street from my job. The whole restaurant is quite adorable. Two of the walls are glass walls so it added a really cool effect to the place, lighting up the whole room up. The menu is pretty condensed but I kinda like that. Also everything is a pretty decent price. I asked the hostess for her opinion on what was popular and she was really helpful. I ordered fried fish tacos ($6) & wanted a side of kale salad because of all the positive buzz it gets! I just substituted the beans w/ kale salad which was $1 extra. I ordered my food at 12:00 & did not get my food until about 12:30. And, it was not even busy. So I suggest you order your food before you arrive. I honesty think 30 minutes for 2 fish tacos is a little too long. A few of the costumers were also complaining of the wait. Now the food. The fish tacos were pretty good. Honestly nothing special about them but nonetheless they were good! The kale salad-- sorry, But I honestly did not like it. I was so excited to try it from all the buzz it got! I thought it was dry and it had a odd after taste. But maybe I'm just not a kale fan lol. I do want to come back & give them another chance. Id like to try something else off the menu.
4	Great place! A little tucked away, but worth finding. The decor is clean/modern and the quality of the food is a great value for the price.Got the grilled mahi soft taco - filling and love that it comes with pico de gallo, sour cream and guacamole (they don't nickel and dime you with the extras). I don't like beans, so I substituted sweet potato fries (which are really good). Chowder comes in a bread bowl so that's almost a meal in itself.Both times I've visited, service has been awesome. Definitely coming back again!
2	I wanted to give this place 3 stars but morally can't. What you think you are ordering may not be what you are served. Salmon Scrutinizers BEWARE. My issue is that in the restaurant on the menu board, and on their online menu, it states that the salmon is Loch Duart. They DO NOT offer Loch Duart salmon anymore and have switched to FARMED Atlantic Salmon and no notice has been posted indicating the change. I wouldn't have even known of the change if the person I was ordering with, who was not familiar with Loch Duart salmon, asked the cashier questions about farming and sustainability. So someone intending to order Loch Duart salmon would have been served questionable farmed Atlantic salmon if they didn't know to specifically ask if the salmon really is Loch Duart. I know, it seems to be silly to get in a tizzy over where the salmon comes from, but it is a big deal to me for a few reasons and one of them is pretty serious. First of all, even though Loch Duart is classified as a farmed salmon, the techniques they use are completely different from the farming standards allowed in the US and Canada regarding Atlantic Salmon. Loch Duart is the first salmon to be certified "Freedom Food" by the Royal Society of Prevention to Cruelty to Animals. It also has no hormones, antibiotics, GMO, or growth promoters. http://www.cleanfish.com/upstream/single-origins/loch-duart-salmon----scotlandThese things can not be said about Atlantic salmon. Fun Fact: Wild Atlantic Salmon does not exist anymore. ALL Atlantic salmon has been farmed. My second and more serious issue is that one of my children has a severe allergy to one of the "conventional" antibiotics used in the farmed Atlantic salmon. For this reason, we ALWAYS have to ask what kind of salmon is being offered so that we can avoid potentially sickening our daughter with exposure to antibiotic laden animals. When the kind of salmon is named on the menu, that is what I am expecting to be served. I feel bad for the people who care for one reason or another about the origins of their food being misrepresented or omitted. OK so for the rest of the stuff we DID decide to order:New England clam chowder in a sourdough bowl was good but not something that is going to stick in mind as something I will hanker for. Was the right thickness and consistency for a bread bowl but also a bit over salted. Kale salad was served with strawberries, cranberries, almonds, and jicama, and had a sweet/tart creamy poppyseed dressing that did a good job balancing the natural bitter of kale. Serving size was huge. Would probably get it as a side add on next time. Crispy Cod Fish Tacos. We chose the flour tortilla. It comes with black or pinto beans and we chose black. Guacamole is supposed to be served on the side. Tacos were large and filling and the batter on the cod was decent and not greasy. Cheddar cheese is also on the taco. Not my ideal cheese for cod, but it wasn't overpowering. Black beans were good too. The "guacamole" on the side was not guac. It was a Verde salsa with tomatillos. Not a smidge of avocado to be found unless they maybe put a few drops of avocado oil in the salsa, which couldn't be tasted anyways if that was the case. The sauce was still good though. Although, if the food handler preparing the dish doesn't know the difference between guacamole and salsa verde, well that might be disconcerting. I will probably go back and try a few other items as the food seemed fresh and was good tasting. But I definitely won't be ordering salmon there and if I happen to hear someone else order it, I will be sure to give them a heads up.
1	So I went there at 8pm today and it was closed. Not a very good 1st impression.   I called before I came and there was no indication that restaurant was closed
1	Originally gave them 2 stars but now giving them one since I can't give zero. My previous review was removed because I called to attention the fact that they state on the menu that they serve Loch Duart Salmon and they are no longer offering it but have Farmed Atlantic salmon now and don't tell you that unless you specifically ask to confirm that the salmon is Loch Duart. Oh yeah, and I have a problem with Atlantic salmon because my daughter has a severe allergy to the antibiotics used in the farm raising of Atlantic salmon.
1	Clean tasting fish, nothing special. Don't really plan on going back. Very overrated. Last visit, they ran out of almost everything and it was only 2pm.
4	Love the kale salad with salmon!!Very good healthy. Taste is great. Price was ok. Portion is fair.
