5	Spak Brothers recently opened on Penn Ave and brought a shining beacon of hope to the garfield/east lib/friendship area, serving up sexy slices in the flavors of omnivore, vegetarian, and even *vegan* pizza, hoagies, and wings. Hell, I even travel there all the way from lower Lawrenceville. First of all, the decor is sparse - I mean, wicked sparse, with a pinball machine, a tabletop arcade machine, and a couple of stools lining the walls. If you require more than that to pick up pizza, you might be in the wrong place. Lacking a tip jar, I heard that the pinball machine IS the tip jar. Stock up on credits for the staff before you leave. Really, though, you should eat on the sidewalk outside with the rest of the bike punx, or take the pizza & wings to a friend's house for a pizza party! The service is friendly and swift. Every time I have been there, the counter staff have all smiled, cracked jokes, and proved to be remarkably efficient at handling my special orders and inane lines of questions. There's a pretty good chance of a Spak Brother taking your order himself. That's charming. The menu itself is an inspiration and a delight in Pittsburgh's pizza scene. Homemade delicious seitan can be served up in the form of wings or delicious hoagies, in something like 4 flavors (3 of which are vegan). You can order pizzas with a variety of veggie meats - ask what they have in stock to avoid getting your heart broken. OH AND you can order pizza with vegan cheese! Like all vegan cheeses, it falls short of the real deal, but honestly, if you are a hungry vegan in need of a giant cheap pizza to get you through band practice - well, I've heard that Spak is your Lord & Saviour. Note: vegan cheese pizza is best consumed hot. The vegan cheese turns to some kind of alien form after it gets cold. Tastes the same, weird mouthfeel, no fault of the Spaks. Be prepared to wait a few minutes for your food - the wait is reasonable, but they are actually cooking your food in their gigantic ovens, not just re-heating some frozen pizza back there. Watch a Spak toss some pizza dough. Play some pinball. It's good for your soul. 412-362-SPAK (7725)
5	I am a big fan.  Spak brothers does a good job of balancing healthier ingredients and local produce with great tasting pizza shop food.  I started with the Pizza but I have migrated to the subs.  I wish them the best of luck and will do my part $.  Also you can't beat the punk rock flyers and Fugazi playing on the sound system.
4	Seitan subs alongside philly cheese steaks. Talk about fusion cooking.  Seriously, these guys make a good sub. Bring some quarters so you can play arcade games while you wait for your sandwich or pizza. It's a fun crowd during Penn Ave Unblurred and if I lived closer, I'd go a lot more often. Don't miss taking a gander at their "graffiti" exterior wall which was spray-painted during a previous Unblurred event.
5	I only had one brief opportunity to visit Spak Brothers, and here I am six months later desperately wishing I could somehow teleport myself to Pittsburgh to devour some of those incredible seitan wings and chase them with their absolutely perfect pizza. I would risk turning myself into a fly for those wings, although I guess it would be smarter just to teleport the food across the country. Although I didn't try it on this visit, they even have casein free soy cheese for the vegans, and veggie sausage and pepperoni options.
4	The vegan buffalo wings are my new addiction; by far THE BEST I've ever had! The vegan pizza ain't so bad either! And the prices are mighty fair.I only wish that broccoli was a topping option and that they would stay open later to feed those intense cravings I have for Frank's Red Hot and grease. I guess the staff wants social lives and perhaps allowing them to be cool contributes to the quality of work they put forth.We actually ate there at one of the window counters. The cacti are a nice touch; unless one slaps you on the hand while ravenously reaching for a slice, in which case, as my partner learned, they are not so nice after all.
4	I'm really happy that Spak Brothers exists for all my veggie and vegan friends.  The other reviews here describe those delights well.  But as a hard core carnivore - I will speak for the meat.  After the Bloomfield Grown-up Puppet Cabaret (delicious!) my friends and I strolled down the block to Spak Brothers which I had been wanting to try for awhile.  We ordered an extra large double pepperoni and an order of beef tacos to take home.  My starving friend PK had a chicken parm sub immediately which he reported as terrific.  Now, take into account we were giddy from a puppet show but we loved the pizza and scarfed it down in record time!  Boyfriend lived in NYC for 7 years and grew up in Chicago so is VERY serious about pizza.  He liked it so much that we went back the NEXT DAY to get another pizza, this time half double pepperoni and half pepperoni and ricotta - YUM!  As an aficionado of mexican food (sadly missing in pittsburgh) I was excited to try the beef tacos.  I have it on good authority that a true Taco King lent his recipe to the Spak Bros so I had high expectations.  They fry their own shells which is great.  The format of the tacos however was in a "kit" which by the time we got them home was a mess (10 minute drive tops).  The beef was cold and stuck together with melted but now-cold cheese.  They come with salsa, sour cream, and lettuce all which were fine.  I wish the tacos were preassembled and made to pop in the mouth immediately or somehow temperature separated.  I added my own avocado at home and enjoyed the taste sensation very much.  Pretty darn good for Pittsburgh anyway and surprising to find in a pizza shop.  Try em out.  There are 3 per order for just under $6 and it's a good amount of food.  Boyfriend wanted to share tacos when we ordered the next day so I ordered 6 tacos.  When he made it back with two GIANT bags I realized they thought I was ordering 6 ORDERS of tacos.  That's right, 18 tacos AND an extra large pizza.  A good problem to have.  Party anyone?
4	BBQ Seitan sub sandwich is fantastic!  Great for pick up or to sit and have a slice.
5	Pinball, vegan seitan wings, and some of the best vegetarian sausage for I've ever eaten. This place was invented in my dreams and brought into reality by my fairy godmother, or so I like to tell myself. The people working there are super friendly, the local artwork being featured is often extremely unique, and the food is DELICIOUS. The pizzas made from scratch, the ingredients are organic, and I can't speak highly enough about their vegan seitan wings. The buffalo are great, but don't forget to try the honey mustard as well. Plus, they see my husband and I so often, we often get a few extra wings thrown in. I highly recommend this place, especially to vegetarians that might feel a little left out in a heavily meat-centric city.
3	Excellent vegan food for this wall to wall meat locker that is Pittsburgh. Spak Brothers has a mix of vegan and non-vegetarian food on their menu (including wings, sandwiches, and pizzas) which is great because it is still difficult to find alternative proteins available in Pittsburgh restaurants at this time. The seitan Philly sub is amazing--I will go back again for that one. The seitan wings were good too but were too fried and greasy for my taste. They also have a variety of colas (grape, cherry, ginger, root beer, Pennsylvania Punch) to sip on too.The service is walk up and there are a handful of bar stools around the room if you want to eat in. Toss in a couple of pinball machines and a multi-game tabletop video game (including Donkey Kong), and you have yourself a fun night ahead of you. The people working were super friendly and very helpful too.
2	I eat meat, but I'm friends with a lot of vegans.  Vegan food: The pizza here is terrible and it tastes like cardboard and wax.  The wings are dried out. Nothing jumps out at me.  It's all pretty bland. I've had their non vegan wraps/sandwiches as well.  Terrible.  Terrible.
5	I could keep eating their food until I explode, like the guy in Monty Python's Meaning of Life.  I think they added the vegetarian Pittsburgh Steak to their menu because I ordered it so many times.  The seitan sandwiches are definitely the highlight and I love them to death.I should probably give them only 4 stars because their pizza is only so-so on its own, even though it's still the best on the pizza wasteland that is Penn Avenue (but cardboard and wax? wtf? maybe that person got this place confused with Calabria's).  Once you pile it with toppings it's really good.  But I wouldn't get a plain cheese pizza from them.
4	great stuff.
5	Pizza is 4/5.  Seitan melt is 6/5 stars.   Cheap and good lunch spot.
5	i visited pitt a couple weekends ago, and this was the first place i ate at.  WOW!  this place is amazing.  they have a great selection on their menu, and the prices are great too.  Their seitan wings and seitan cheesesteak are seriously TO DIE FOR.   their staff are really friendly and inviting, making me feel really welcome so far from home.  when i trek back east again, this is definitely my first food stop.
2	pretty terrible pizza, but I'd say it's about par for pittsburgh, where everyone seems to love terrible pizza. I had some offered to me for free last night and I couldn't even finish the slice. the crust is wan with a mealy crumb, the sauce is too sweet and the cheese has this disturbing thinly viscous texture that I can only describe as being similar to the cheese you get on frozen kosher pizza. maybe they use cheese with vegetarian rennet?the philly cheese steak was about as good as you're gonna get in pittsburgh, though. meat was sliced thin and cooked w/ decent caramelization. not all crowded and steamed on the grill. so I'll give them an extra star for that.
5	I love Spak. Great that there are meat & vegan selections. I myself get the 6" buffalo chicken hoagie (hold the veggies, blue cheese on the side). It makes me extremely full & has tons of chicken on it. The seitan wings are also fantastic and the pizza is tasty.
5	I love Spak. I usually have to have Spak at least once a week or I feel like something is missing from my life. This place is a Pittsburgh treasure.The vegan options are awesome, especially the seitan wings with vegan buffalo sauce. I routinely ask for a side of vegan buffalo sauce with everything I order and when I forget, they usually include it anyway because they know me better than I know myself.Try a seitan melt. You won't regret it.I don't want to talk about how much weight I gained during the first year of Spak.
5	So far, Pittsburgh has proven to be a great city for vegetarians. My friends and I planned to watch Tim Burton's Batman (1989) one friday night and got some Spak Brothers to accompany it after we found out that Little Chicago's in the Southside was closed :(. Anyway, it was a great rebound from that tough loss. We ordered some garlic seitan wings which were a little too crunchy but still phenomenally delicious along with an extra large pizza pie with mushrooms and vegetarian sausage. The pizza was out of this world. Plus, where else are you going to find a pizza place that has vegetarian meat toppings? Extra points for it being in walking distance too.
4	I ordered buffalo seitan wings and fries at the counter for take-out.  My husband and I wanted to eat at the restaurant, but it's little more than a take-out counter and a few barstools against the wall.  Oh, and a vintage Addams Family pinball machine that the husband was quite enamored with.The seitan wings are AMAZING.  I kept wondering if I was eating real meat--no really--did they mess up my order?  Are these really vegan? I'm not eating meat, right? The fries were fresh, hand-cut, salty and delicious--not soggy like so many places in the 'burgh.I can't speak for the pizza here, but I would definitely stop by again for some more vegan buffalo deliciousness.
4	Spak is one of those places that make you say "hmmm...I'm not so sure this was a good choice" when you pull up out front.  However, in one bite you will realize it was the best choice you could have made.  I had the hardest time deciding what to get but ended up going with a pizza.  So, good and so cheap.  I will definitely be working my way through the rest of the menu, especially since I live so close.  My waistline is going to suffer thanks to Spak Brothers.  So, the "don't judge a book by its cover" rule applies here: the store front at Spak might raise a few brows but their food will win you over with ease.
5	I feel a little silly giving restaurants such sweeping opinions but damnit, this is the best pizza in Pittsburgh. Every time I go, I expect to feel less confident about this but the confidence actually builds with every experience.Vegan friendly and all natural, they don't even use high fructose corn syrup in their homemade sauce. Their crust is New York style, on the thinner side with a good chew to it but sturdy enough to fold over. Their topping, particularly their cheese, is cooked so that parts are brown. Nothing cooks into a thick, treacherous canvas that is mere seconds away from sliding off onto your nice shirt like Aiello's or Mineo's. They also take cards.The Spak Brother's are nice, nice people and I've been fans of them for a while now. I don't know them personally but I've exchanged emails back and forth due to my review on my site. They know what they're doing and are happy to do it. Everything I've tried on their meny has been delicious.I did a review of them a while back, if you'd like to read it: http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/06/01/spak-brothers-the-best-pizza-in-pittsburgh/
4	Spaks is located near where I work so it has become a lunchtime favorite.I try to stay as healthy as possible when lunching throughout the week because I know that when the weekend hits I'll be taking down some calorie inflating meals.I first started ordering the salads. I would get the garden salad stocked full of tomato, cucumber, peppers, roasted chicken and an egg. Protein "loco" or "loca" cuz I'm a chick! The chicken is very tender and juicy, the egg when added to the salad is sunny side fried? A little strange but doable. Now the greens I have a problem with! Romain would make such a difference. They get the standard mixed greens but at times it can be pretty bitter. Too much "octopus" lettuce that is hard to chew. The last time I ordered the salad was greasy from the egg and I can't get it anymore.One of the reasons we order from Spaks is because the Dr. at  my practice is super strict about her diet and enjoys the vegan friendly choices. Faux pepperoni, cheese, wings, and seitan. I've tried them all and they are scrumptious! Now when we order I get the seitan melt. Not the salad option that I prefer but until I can get some Romain it will do. Ok it's better than "it will do" Soft buttery bread with all the veggie fixings I require. I think I just feel guilty because of the high carb count in the bread. The pizza is also well made, one of the best in Pitt. Of course the most outstanding item on the menu is the seitan wings, spicy and crunchy just how I like them!
4	I'm not vegan, so i don't force seitan on myself.  But the chicken wings here are amazing.  Huge, drowning in sauce, and cooked just right.  The pizza is okay, cheap mostly, but okay as well.  The sandwiches are gigantic and generally a frightening portion size.  I keep going back for the wings.  I suggest you do the same.  Also, call ahead and do it take out, unless you like listening to punk rock and eating off a pac-man machine.
5	spak bros keep it real. awesome chicken wings.  amazing pizzas.  never had something from there i didn't like.
4	I was visiting Pittsburgh and staying in nearby Lawrenceville. My friend and I walked up to this place one weekend night, on a whim, mostly drawn in by our curiosity to try the famous seitan wings. It was a good choice! We ordered and ate at the counter. We shared a 14" spinach + feta pizza. The toppings were fresh and the crust was hand tossed, not too thick nor too thin. A classic handmade pizza. We also split an order of the wings, of course. They were fine, not as exciting as I had hoped - I feel that I've had equally good or better vegan junk food elsewhere. (Then again I've had vegan disasters too, and these were far, far above that!) We had ours with buffalo hot sauce, served with celery and blue cheese for maximum authenticity; spicy and greasy as hell. They may be vegan (well, sans cheese) but healthy? Hmmm....
5	Holy Crap, amazing food! Pizza, Seitan wings, etc. All good.I often get the Seitan Melt -- to die for. Decent prices, too.Bonuses?-Awesome locally bottled sodas.-Pinball machines.-When painting a mural on the side of the building as advertisement they DID NOT paint over the eulogy graff that was already there. (Respect to the neighborhood.)-One of the prizes in a recent Pittsburgh punk scavenger hunt was one free pizza a week for a YEAR. (Down with the kids.)
2	Spak Brothers Pizza had some awesome pictures on Yelp which is why I drove 45 minutes to sample their fine food.  Yes thats right, the pictures looked so good that I decided to go there.Today was the day.  Spak Brothers sits a few blocks down from the Children's Hospital on the right.  You can spot it a block away when you see the nice art on the side of the building.  The inside is quite small.  There is some art on the walls for sale, a nice arcade table, two pinball machines, as well as some counter seating around the perimeter of the shop.  I personally loved the two ceiling fans that had no blades or the ac unit that was black from all the dirt on it.  There was a nice bag of salt and a shovel up front which tells you how clean this place is.  The staff was very friendly and they use a gas oven.  No conveyor either.  Just a good old gas fired oven.  The staff looks like rejects from Miami Ink.  Tattoos that made no sense and girls who thought they looked like Betti Paige.  Why am I telling you about what the staff looks like and about the fan with no blades?  Perhaps because the food was not what I thought it would be.  They did have great pricing, buy 2 toppings and get one free.  The pie I got had meatballs, hot peppers, pepperoni, and extra cheese (the standard for all of my pizza yelp reviews).  The meatballs tasted like Mama Rosa's frozen special at your local grocery chain.  The dough tasted homemade, but nothing to write home about.  The sauce was not extra spicy, and if you didn't get extra cheese I have the feeling most people would not like the amount that they put on regular.Would I come here again.  Sure, if I were in the area and i was hungry.  Would I make the 45 minute trip...no.  I would instead buy something local like a frozen Augustines pizza.
3	Last night I got an email from Yelp with a picture of Spak Brothers Pizza in it. It looked good, so our plans of eating a dinner of string cheese dipped in canned chicken were pushed back to Friday. When we got into the shop, the first thing that struck me as appealing was the music. They had some good old fashioned American hardcore playing, which brought me back to high school. The cheesy bread sticks were very good and really made good use of their dough. The pizza itself was good enough, but not good enough to warrant our trip to the shop. The ambiance was cool. Old flyers from shows back when Laga was open and some local art on the walls gave it a nice touch. Best pizza in Lawrenceville? Maybe. Best pizza in the city? Definitely not. It's also important to note that phone calls take precedence over all else in the shop. While the cashier did politely excuse herself to answer the phone in the middle of us placing our order, it was a little hard to believe that one of the other six people working couldn't have taken the call instead of bagging fake meat for their vegan subs. The people that ordered after us had three phone calls during their order, so I guess I can't complain too much about just one interruption.
5	Spak is by far my favorite pizzeria in the city and not only because it's a half-block from my house! I have sampled most of their menu and enjoyed all of it. Their seitan wings are crispy, saucy and delicious. The Pittsburgh "Steak" and Pittsburgh Steak are two of my favorites: sliced seitan or steak with a kitchen-sink topping scheme that includes fries and a fried egg. Perfection! Their pizza is also really great but I think they really shine with their subs.
4	Best pizza in Pitt I've had although occasionally not great. But always fast. They'd be an even greater hit if they delivered.
4	Spak delivers a very solid pizza at a very reasonable price.  I had the best intentions of splitting their XL pizza with my wife and saving the left over for lunch the next day.  That didn't happen.  The splitting part sort of did, but we ended up eating the whole thing and left nothing for leftovers.  The staff are super friendly and remind a little bit of Austin.  Thanks Spak for bringing a little spunk to the neighborhood!
5	Vegetarians, the Seitan Cheese "Steak" and the Seitan wings are to die for.
3	Yay. Vegan food without ordering something off the menu. Boo, it wasn't that fantastic. Ordered the Pittsburgh seitan steak. This was 3 1/2 stars. A bit soggy, and the roll didn't hold up well. Seitan was good, but just tasted like seitan. A bit lacking in flavor. I shared BBQ and hot seitan "wings". These were just chunks of seitan, pretty overlooked, and some downright dry, with sauce poured over them. I did like the vegan ranch that came with it - it helped to remoisten the seitan. Really disappointing, and even though I was hungry, I still threw much of this away. 2 stars. Local sodas! 5 stars. Staff/service/price 4 stars. Pittsburgh seems to love this place and I do say yes, it's ok - but I just want to expect a little more. Big props for vegan fare.
5	Oh my god! This is the best vegan pizza I've had ANYWHERE. A quaint little place, (reminiscent of Brooklyn), Spak Brothers Pizza is seriously the best vegan pizza ever. In Pittsburgh of all places!My gal-pal and I went Saturday night and ordered a large with vegan cheese, spinach, vegetarian sausage and olives. All of the ingredients were above par. How the hell do you make vegetarian meat taste that good? By selling your soul to the food devil!? And the vegan cheese was actually cooked PROPERLY. I can't tell you how many places don't do this - the majority, actually - and this pizza was amazing.I actually told the gentleman who made it my two word review, "Holy shit" and he seemed touched. The olives were GREAT quality - those $10 a pound quality olives you buy at Whole Foods or the equivalent.Next time I'm through Pittsburgh I'm stopping by and saying hello. You should too!
5	They have the best seitan wings and hoagies!What is seitan? Well, is a food made from gluten, the main protein of wheat. It's low in carbs, high in protein, it doesn't have any animal fat, it's vegan and it's delicious.
4	Listen up, I'm going to talk specifically about their sweet potato fries. What, they serve pizza, too? How nice. But getting back to those fries, I should mention that they are made by hand from sweet potatoes cut into chunks and deep fried - but not breaded or anything gross like that! Just straight up, fried, sweet potato goodness...they stay pretty neutral in the spice department, neither choosing the Dark Side of chipolte seasoning or the Light Side of cinnamon seasoning  - once again, just straight up sweet potato goodness. I've asked for them blackened - delicious; I've asked for them just barely swirlied in the frier - delicious. I just don't think you can go wrong at $2.47 for the most massive helping of sweet potato fries you've ever seen. And hey, I've been eating them so regularly that I decided to look up a study on the health benefits of sweet potatoes after different cooking methods; obviously, boiled is best, but frying comes out with more beta-carotene than in baking! What! Deal with it, get the sweet potato fries.
3	Based on the rave reviews of Spak Brothers I was very excited to try it this past weekend. I called on a Saturday night around 6:30, ordered a large pizza with hot sausage and banana peppers for pick up. The kind people on the other end of the phone line said it would be 20 minutes and $12, not bad at all.Despite being very busy when I stopped in to pick up my pizza (there was a concert across the street) they had my pizza ready and waiting for me. This is where the story goes from overly pleased to "Meh". The pizza was just mediocre. The crust was very chewy and on the hard side. By the time the pizza cooled it was nearly impossible to bite through without really going at it. The sauce and toppings were also just OK.Despite the service and the price being amazing, the pizza just wasn't good enough to warrent me going out of my way for it. This really bummed me out!!!
3	Huge hits and huge misses at Spak Brothers.  Sometimes you can get the best sandwich of your life and sometimes it is simply awful.  Sometimes the bread is perfect, crusty on the outside and chewy on the inside.  Sometimes the sauce is amazing tasty and not too greasy.  Sometimes not.  The hits make the misses somewhat worth it though.Whatever you do order before hand because the wait can be quite something.  The service is usually pretty indifferent.  The decor is pretty awful as well.  I do like the fact that you can play pinball there though.
5	Great food (for my veggie self and omnivore friends), great prices. My favorite is the buffalo seitan hoagie with the seasoned curly fries! The shop itself is simple but has room to relax if you want to eat a slice there. Not sure why some whiny yelper felt the need to rip on the staff, they've always seemed polite and friendly to me!
4	Great place to please everyone at the party. They have amazingly good and cheap pizza, their sandwiches are great and they even offer vegan mayo. I have never had a bad experience here.
5	Yum! The boy and I are on a vegetarian kick right now and if I'm in the mood for something like a Philly Cheese Steak this is where I go! Their seitan wings are tasty, their Philly Cheese "Steak" is good, their cheesy bread is amazing. It's a must try if you are in the area!
5	Instead of pizza, I had the Buffalo vegetarian chicken, which is very tasty.
5	I ate here tonight for dinner with a dining companion that I have a regular contest to find the best pizza place.  Tonight was my choice and so I chose Spak Brothers as I had seen the good reviews on Yelp and had heard it mentioned in best Pittsburgh pizza joint conversations elsewhere.  Since I had never been here before, I did not know what to expect.  Whenever I walked through the door the first thing that hit me was the wonderful smell of pizza before I noticed what a tiny place it actually was.  That's not to say that there was anything wrong with it as it evoked in my mind what a pizza place should be with two pinball machines, a tabletop arcade game with Ms. Pacman and Space Invaders, a cooler full of water and pop and a bar with high top stools on the other side where you could eat.  They also had some "art" of random superheroes and other things that were for sale hanging from the walls.My dining companion and I decided to split a whole XL pizza and she wanted it half plain and half chicken instead of our normal plain pizza.  Whenever our pizza came out it both looked and smelled fantastic.  After the first bite I decided it was very good as it had a nice garlicky sauce, a good amount of cheese and the crust/bottom was cooked perfectly.  I was also excited to see that in addition to your normal red hot pepper flakes, oregano, garlic and cheese that you can put on your pizza that they also had Old Bay.  Sometimes unconventional is good and I think in this instance that was definitely the case.  Overall I would currently place this as the third best pizza place that I have tried in Pittsburgh and it is worth your while to come here.The bottom line for me is that I am already looking forward to coming back here in the future for some more pizza.  Not only was it cheap but it was it was also delicious.  I also told my girlfriend about the old bay and the sauce and now she is ready to come here as well!
3	This is a typical Pittsburgh sandwich place.  I had the Pittsburgh cheesesteak which wasn't anything like the cheesesteaks I had when I used to live in Philly, not that I really expected it to be in Pittsburgh.  But the meat was kind of dry with no flavor.  However, it was HUGE and fairly cheap for what you get.  It was supposed to come with mayo which I declined and it came with fries inside the sandwich.  I realize this is a Pittsburgh thing but fries really don't belong INSIDE a cheesesteak.  I ordered the sandwich to go (there isn't a lot of indoor seating) and it took awhile for a simple sandwich when there was only one other person waiting.  However, I did enjoy playing the pinball machines while I waited.  I'm not really sure what all the hype is about this place, but maybe their other sandwiches are better.  They do have some interesting vegetarian/vegan options (like a Seitan cheesesteak) that may appeal to some people that would be hard to find elsewhere.
2	I've been to Spak brothers a handful of times over the past year and every new experience has been worse than the one before. The quality of pizza is mediocre at best- the crust is flavorless, the cheese bland, and the ingredients used sparingly. For the price of their pizzas I would expect something better but they have simply not delivered. Another issue is their menu, which doesn't offer any kind of specialty pizza whatsoever. Overall, Spak brothers is too pricey for too mediocre of a pizza that doesn't even deliver. If I have to drive out to pick up pizza, I'd rather pay just as much for a higher quality pizza at one of their competitors such as Dinette or even Pizza Sola.
4	I love. love. Spak.The only reason why I'm not obese and broke is because Spak doesn't deliver or else I'd order their food. every. day. I love their sandwiches and sweet potato fries. I don't think I ordered anything that I didn't like here. Couldn't go wrong with Spak. The food is pretty fast and the staff there is friendly enough as well.
5	One of the only places around Pittsburgh to serve jumbo wings DAILY!  These wings are very tasty, crispy and not soggy.Sandwiches are full of whatever you order and the cooks, crew there are awesome. Turning into one of my favorite go to places on any day of the week.
5	My friends and I use Spak as a verb. That's how much we like this place. There's no other place like this in town for a vegan. The seitan hoagie is my favorite thing on the menu, and I get it every time.
4	$2 slices, local ingredients, and absolutely in the hood...it's pretty fabulous.  II will admit, I've always wondered what food came out of this very modest building in Garfield.  The only thing I'm wondering now is why I waited so long to try it?!  After reading the menu I decided since it was my first trip I'd go the route of pizza per recommendation of Pittsburgh magazine. I was not disappointed!   It's simple, the crust is excellent, they don't skimp on toppings (even though I just went with basic mushrooms this time...I will absolutely be more adventurous in the future!) and the service was friendly and polite.   I did spy some type of sub being cooked in the oven alongside my pizza...and there was a hefty portion of meat on that bun!  I can't wait to go back...great local spot!
5	Don't let the location or somewhat dingy interior fool you. This place serves some pretty stellar food. The pizza and sandwiches are great but the salads rock my world. The DH and I have frequented some of the better known and best reviewed restaurants in Pittsburgh but the Mediterranean salad with chicken is my hands-down favorite salad in the city. Super fresh ingredients and I swear they marinate that chicken in crack.  I friggin crave it! It's a big salad too so there's always leftovers. You know how on a Sunday morning following a late night Satureday you'll nosh on a piece of cold pizza while waiting for the coffee to brew? I'll do that with a Spak Brothers salad - standing in the kitchen, with fork in hand eating salad greens out of a paper box while waiting for the coffee maker to beep. Really - its that good! Do as I do and order extra dressing. Not that you'll need it but having a little extra of their Ranch dressing on hand will make you own salad way less boring. BTW the DH was completely sold on the place the minute he walked in and heard them playing Skinny Puppy.
4	Spak is a great place to eat! It has a cool vibe, hardworking employees, and delicious food. Because everything is made fresh you usually have to wait a moderate amount of time for your food, but nothing too crazy. I am vegetarian and I've had most of their veg options, all which have been wonderful. Their seitan melts/sandwiches and wings are SO good. I really appreciate that Spak uses local ingredients, makes their food with care, and wants to please the customer. I go there at least once a week and recommend it to anyone!
5	I've been going here for years and I still can't get enough. I go to Spak at every chance I get. They have lots of vegan options and I love them all. The daiya cheese pizza, seitan hoagie with vegan mayo, seitan tacos, seitan "wings," and seasoned curly fries... All are AWESOME!Prices are reasonable. Staff is friendly and accommodating. The art on the walls is interesting to look at and is for sale. If you haven't been here yet, get your a$$ to Spak!
2	What's the deal? This Pizza is only ok...Angelos is better, but I still haven't found a favorite spot. Spak skimps on toppings, I like the divey decor and the workers I only wish the Pizza were as compelling.
5	As close to New York pizza as I've been able to find here in the 'Burgh.  Love the thin crust and the sauce as well.  Done kind of crispy like I like it.  Always a big treat.  Love these guys!
5	I rolled into this restaurant in my wheelchair and order up a pizza. Upon getting the pizza I wasn't too enthused, looked rather ordinary. I have never been wrong in my life! The first bite filled my mouth with joyous glee. I remembered the greatest times of my life, I laughed, I cried. After I finished my last bite I wiped away the few remaining delicious crumbs from my mouth and walked out, WALKED out.
5	Vegan junk food at its finest! Spak Brothers is not a large restaurant, but the vegan options seem mouthwateringly endless. Let me tell you, they have one hell of a vegan philly cheese steak. This exceptional vegan junk food sandwich came with well-flavored seitan, green peppers, onions, lettuce, tomato, daiya cheese, and vegenaise all within some very tasty bread. Overall, this was one of my favorite meals in Pittsburgh, and I'll surely go back again during my next visit.
5	I think it's awesome that this place has so many vegan options. The vegan pies are heavenly! Some of the best vegan pizza I've had. Plus the seitan buffalo wings can hold their own when it comes scrumptiousness. (i.e., they're tasty.)I'm going to throw my 5 stars into the fray and say: this place is legit.
5	The vegan wings are amazing! And that vegan Pittsburgh sandwich is just like I remember the ones from youth before I was vegan. I just wish they had more dine in room, but I've never really had trouble finding a seat. One of these days I'm gonna try that pizza with the vegan cheese if I can keep myself from ordering the wings and sandwich.
3	I do like that this place is socially conscious about where they source ingredients from - that's definitely a good trait that's hard to find in this city. If you're a vegan - this place is great (as the other reviewers can attest). However, I'm not. The pizza is okay. It's good. I'll eat it if someone else orders it, but I'm not going to go out of my way to get it. There are much better pizza shops all over town that are similarly priced.
4	Biggest complaint about this place?  Lack of delivery.That said, if they delivered I'd probably be ordering it every other day, so the lack of delivery is actually probably a good thing.This is not my favorite pizza in Pittsburgh (I think Pizza Sola in Oakland is far superior in overall flavor/consistency/essence-of-pizza-ness).  But it is a close second out of those I have tried.  The pizza is thin, a la New York style, although I would say not as greasy.The thing that makes this place extra special, though, is the veg- and vegan-friendliness of their menu.  In addition to pizza, they have great vegan wings (although the Buffalo sauce is not vegan) and a bunch of traditional sub-style sandwiches made with vegan and vegetarian alternatives.  What Spak does that no other place in PGH that I'm aware of does, is cater to those meat-like junk food cravings that vegetarians are occasionally susceptible to.  The pizza would be enough to keep us coming back, but the fact that they can fill my craving for Buffalo wings?  Awesome.One thing to note: the shelf-life of some of the veg substitutions can be short.  If you have a long way to go to get home, consider eating there, or finding a nearby bench if the weather is nice.
5	Top notch, best seitan in the city. Even when these dudes are slammed and the line is out the door on a Friday night Unblurred, the wait time is less than 30 minutes and they're always courteous, kind, and appreciative of the business. Seitan cheesesteak with provolone is the perfect recovery meal after a long bike ride or a crap day at work. Add on some curly fries and a grape Red Ribbon for a bonus pick-me-up.
4	Great hogie sandwich thing. BBQ grilled chicken. Bread was to die for. Place is a dive but perfect. Awesome shitty pinball to play while you wait.
5	My favorite take-out food place. I live about 3 blocks down from Spak, so they are naturally on speed dial when I want some good veggie-friendly food made fast. Their seitan wings are BY FAR the best in the city- particularly the BBQ and honey mustard flavors- and food is freakin cheap! The last time I went I ordered a pizza, seitan wings, and fries all for about 15 bucks. The pizza is maybe a bit above par, far from the best, but it's fast, easy, cheap, and overall good quality. The people are great, one negative for some will be that there is no delivery- but who can hate on picking up this amazing food at such a small and intimate hipster/punk pizza place? Tip them well because those guys work hard!
5	SPAK SEXT: you are throwing pizza dough in the air. flour snows on our bare bodies. i want to be full of you. slide the first bite of pizza slice into my mouth. just the tip of it. if it's too hot. we blow on it. until i can take it down to the crust. so full. couldn't fit anymore inside. you are licking the sauce from my seitan wings. a hoagie. a breadstick. other phallic objects. how much more for double meat? a five-star yelp review. for making me yelp on the floor of the spak brother's pizza kitchen. listen. just because i'm vegan doesn't mean i don't want your meat inside of me.
4	Great pigging out comfort food.I was visiting great friends in Pittsburgh who suggested this spot for carry out. My girlfriend and I had spent the entire morning driving up from MD and dealing with horrendous traffic. We were starved.We placed our order over the phone and picked up. Our food wasn't quite ready as estimated but the wait wasn't too long and well worth it if I may say so.The service was alright. Not necessarily the friendliest.We ordered the following;Pittsburgh Steak SandwichesFried Chicken Salad w/Honey MustardVegan Sausage & Veggie Pizza French FriesEverything was delicious. Both meat and vegan products. The honey mustard is made in house and pretty darn good. I had no complaints!
5	We LOOOOVE Spak Brothers. We're from Cleveland, so we only get to visit them a few times a year and when we do, we make sure to order the seitan wings, seitan cheesesteak, seitan melt, and pizza. Yes, it's that good. They have so many different options for vegans and vegetarians. You can't beat the prices either!  And as a bonus? The employees are REALLY NICE! Even when I mention we're from Cleveland! The only downside is that they're sooo far away. I have been trying to slowly consume my seitan wings and take smaller slices of my cheesesteak to make it last longer, but soon my slices of heaven will be gone. If you're from the area, you're lucky. Go to Spak's and support them, they're awesome. If you're just visiting? Definitely hit them up. You won't be disappointed!
4	I love this place. The staff is friendly, it's in a convenient location, and it's really affordable. I have yet to try anything other than their pizza, but that's because their pizza is the best around. Super cheesy, not too greasy, and the crust is nice and crunchy and soft on the inside.
5	Spak brothers is unbelievable -- great vegan options (faux wings, pizza, and cheesesteak with all the toppings are truly perfect foods), and great carnivore options as well.  Because it's sort of inconvenient to get there for takeout during rush hour, it's a treat when we can do it -- and well worth it!
4	The best non-brick-oven style pizza in Pittsburgh. This is the only place I would recommend picking up a single slice from. The slice has a thin crust but is sturdy enough to fold the slice in half. The tomato sauce is flavorful. The cheese is uncompromised. And the slices come out hot and quick! I was literally in and out within 45 seconds during my last stop.
5	OOMMMGGG. I am such a pizza lover and this place makes me SOOO happy!! I had no idea it was even there until I drove by one day and went in for the simple reason that I wanted pizza and there was a cute boy standing out front. Everyone is really nice and I've tried pick up now and it only takes about 20 minutes. The pizza is so good. I'm a single girl and it takes me a few days to eat a pie and this is actually really great heated up the next day. I'm always sad when I'm finished with my pizza. I give it an A+. Check it out!
5	I love Spak's. There is something about their pizza that is just so good. I usually stick to something fairly simple here--tonight I just got pepperoni. It's always awesome though and I've never had a bad experience. They're also fairly quick with getting orders ready, even on busy nights. My friend gets the fried chicken salad with a side of buffalo sauce. I need to try that next time--it always looks awesome!
5	Awesome food. Never had a disappointing menu item. Seitan Wings are as good or better than the real thing! Great take-out spot.
5	You don't get Spak pizza. Spak Pizza gets you.It's punk rock pizza, that will kick mainstream pizza's butt. It's edgy, tasty and sexy.The fact that they use Parma brand meats on their hoagies shoots them to the stratosphere of taste. The pizza, with a bunch of toppings and a tasty sauce will have you jonesing after you finish.To top it off they have vegan items that are just as delicious.Making PIttsburgh proud with their pizza and sammiches.
2	Normally Yelp is accurate on rankings for the most part, but I think this place is way overrated.  I ordered a XL pepperoni for pickup and made my way to the location, it's a pretty cool shop in a up and coming part of town.  My first impression walking in was that everyone seemed friendly and working hard.  This place seemed to be doing very good business (probably because it is so cheap), but the first thing I noticed was a pungent oder of BO wafting through the air.  Now I'll admit it was a hot day, but it made me think twice about the cleanliness of the people making my pizza.  Regardless, I picked up my pizza and rolled out.  As I was making my way home, I took a look at the pie and was not that impressed as it looked super oily and blah.  I hoped it tasted better than it looked and while I'm no expert, I know a good pizza when I taste one and couldn't wait to try it.Unfortunately, the look of the pizza mirrored the taste (as in not impressive).  It was very bland and nothing special.  After seeing all these great reviews maybe it was just my experience that wasn't up to par.  I'm no hater on places just to hate, but I'm honest and don't think this place was that great.  I really wanted to like this place, but I'll never eat here again.
2	Was visiting Pennsylvania for the week and stopped here on the way back to the airport. I really wanted to love this place since it was the only truly vegan-friendly place I visited during my trip.I shared an XL pizza with veg pepperoni and sausage and an order of the buffalo seitan wings. Unfortunately, they added daiya cheese without me ordering it and I can't stand daiya. With how long it took for the pizza, I couldn't just get a new one ordered. I imagine without the cheese the pizza would have been much better. My wife had the seitan wings and said they very dry, but the buffalo sauce and vegan ranch were good. $28 for a mediocre meal was pretty disappointing.
5	i have a bone to pick with spak bros. why is their food so delicious, cheap and vegan friendly. this is a problem for me because now i'm fat. smhbe open more tho. weird hours.
5	Stopped in to get out of a severe thunderstorm, one of of the workers, Jake made my coworkers and I feel right at home, told us we could hang out until the storm passed. We tried the pizza which was awesome! They also cater to vegan customers too which also went we'll with me. Food was awesome, staff was even better. I'll definitely patronize again!
5	Spak Brothers is my favorite pizza.  I've eaten here dozens of times and each order is accurate and maintaining of the quality I expect.Spak Brothers pizza is excellent.  The dough is great, the sauce is great, and the toppings are fresh.  Spak seems to put a lot of effort in to the quality of the toppings.I also get Italian hoagies from them.  I like my hoagie meat crispy on the edges and Spak delivers.  The buns are also excellent.Overall a quality place.
5	Small local business. And that's just a fraction of what I love about the place. Amazing pizza is another.
5	Spak Brothers is one of the best places to go if you want great pizza and hoagies. It's truly a gem in Pittsburgh due to having the option of vegetarian/vegan substitutions.  Their Pittsburgh Steak hoagie is by far the best sandwich I've ever had. It's a cheesesteak with fries, peppers, and a fried egg! It's seriously delicious and I'm always craving it. I truly recommend it. Their pizza is also really good as well - I love how many toppings they have. If you want really great food, order from Spak Brothers! You'll become addicted.
5	Spak is my favorite place in the city to get pizza. Their food is consistently delicious!  Get the steak sandwich with egg on it. Amazing!!
5	My favorite seitan wings in the city. The sauces are perfect and enough so that they aren't too dry. The seitan cheesesteak comes pretty close to the real thing!
5	Spak Brothers is the best pizza shop in the city. The wing sauces are incredible! Great people own the place and it's very easy to support.
5	They are one of the few places that have vegan options. It's probably one of two vegan pizzerias in the city. Stop by dig in and enjoy!
4	Can't go wrong with spak brothers. Really good pizza and hoagies.  They know what they're doing.
5	Man do I love Spak Brothers!I'm looking for an apartment and I am honestly, truly checking the distance from potential apartments to Spak Brothers bc that is a selling point for me.I live in the S Hills now so my life has been sadly void of Spak.I love everything about their pizza.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I can't  get enough of hteir Seitan wings.  Its cheap.  Its delicious.  I'm on a diet but I'll get fatter for Spak Brothers.
5	My first time at Spak was a good one. I ordered the Pittsburgh steak hoagie. 6 bucks and I was very full afterwards. Everything meshed great together and was probably the best hoagie I've had in a while. I will be returning for sure soon to try the pizza. Also the two people I was with ate vegetarian style fair and loved it.
4	Good pizza, good people, great place. I came in around closing time to satisfy a late night pizza craving, and the staff was friendly and laid back despite my late arrival. The pizza didn't take long, and it was still warm by the time I got it back to my hotel room. It wasn't too greasy, had a great balance of toppings, and the sauce was slightly sweet and excellent. They also have vegetarian options, but I'm a carnivore at heart so I can't comment on those. Give these guys a shot if you're in the area!
5	A busy, small and take-out oriented pizza parlor with many inventive non-pizza menu items.  This, my first visit came around lunch time and I tried a 'seitan steak' sub.  There are many veg-friendly options, notably those with seitan (wheat gluten) substituted for meat.  Grilled fresh with delicious cheese, bread and veggies.  I saw a finished pizza come out of the oven, it was 10 feet away and from then I knew I was coming back for another tasting.
5	This is my new favorite pizza place near the East End. They don't deliver, but it's worth the drive to pick up. Don't be deterred from the stupid construction on Penn. They have a parking lot on the side of the building that is easy enough to get to. We ordered a couple of pizzas, and they were ready 25 minutes later. Crust was great. Sauce is legit, and the ingredients fresh. Service and price is good, too.
4	I absolutely love this place. Their pizza is really good and they have a lot of vegan options. The only thing is the second time I went here the crust was kind of soggy, but the first time the pizza was perfect. Also, their seitan wings are tasty and they have really good vegan ranch. Even the salads are pretty good. There isn't much seating, its more of a take out pizza place. I just wish the construction on the main street was finished, which makes it more difficult to get there. I definitely recommend going!
5	Great Unique Pizza, with a ton of vegan friendly options.Wished we stayed a bit longer, would have loved to try the vegan hoagie.
5	The pizza was amazing and super cheap. I was told to buckle in my order of fries because there were so many. I can't wait to try more stuff.
5	A friend of mine recommended that we try this place because of their vegan options, being in Pittsburgh it can sometimes be hard to find a haven for us veg people. I ordered the seitan melt, buffalo style, and vegan. My husband ordered seitan wings in BBQ and fries, making the total 17 dollars and some odd cents! We called and ordered it to go and the service was fast and friendly. I like the ambiance of the place and the art on the outside and inside of the building. I give this place five stars for its amazing delicious food, ambiance, and great customer service.  If you're looking for a cheap, yummy, decent portion meal this is your stop! Keep up the awesomeness, we will definitely be returning!
5	Spak brothers is amazing, I work a block away and eat there 2 or 3 times a week. I'm never disappointed with the quality of the ingredients they put into their menu items, seemingly designed by over-qualified snack wizards hailing from the highest echelons of stoner munchy-ness. Best pizza in town in my opinion. If only they would go ahead and put gummy bear pizza on the menu I would want for nothing.
5	Oh yeah!  Nice yeasty blistery crust with chewy cheese and sauced perfectly... Perfection!This is an Absolute MUST if you are in the area-or lucky enough to live nearby.
4	Simple place, not much seating, but cool atmosphere. When I went, there weren't enough seats for us but we wanted to take it home anyway. I wish they delivered! Pizza is really good, the crust is flavorful and the toppings are good quality. The cheesesteak sandwich was okay, but not great (the meat was reminiscent of Steak-ems). I will definitely hit them up again for pizza and if they delivered I would probably order all the time.
