4	Sun's is a new Thai restaurant in the near North Las Vegas area where I work, and I welcome it!  The staff is very welcoming and full of smiles and professional service.  The inside consists of your usual Thai restaurant decor, and has a fresh cleanness about it.  The karaoke stage had drums and guitars set up and ready to go.  On to the food!I ordered the jerky ($7.95) and the red curry ($8.95) on the server's recommendation.  I found that the jerky was a little tough, but the flavor was nice.  The sauce, other than the basil, was pretty bland and rather useless against the stronger flavors of the jerky.  It did pair well with the red curry, however.    The red curry was pretty good.  For a subtly flavored red curry, it had a nice balance and a unique creamy flavor.  It was a very watery curry, but had well balanced flavor so it worked out.  The green and red peppers were pretty juicy (P.A. has raised the bar here), and the beef was tender.  There was lots of bamboo, but not to the annoying amounts that Archi's does.  It easily served two people and I had to order an extra rice to finish it (they didn't charge me for the extra rice).  I ordered a 7/10 heat level and it was moderately spiced for my tastes.    All in all Sun's is on the upper 3's for me, so rounded up to a 4 for this review.  It is a welcomed addition to places to eat around my work.  A bit more Americanized, Sun's offers a little extra quality in their food than some other Thai restaurants.
3	I was thrilled to have a new Thai restaurant open in this part of town.  We went for dinner and the first thing we noticed was the prices.  Thought they were a little high for the quantity of food and location of the restaurant.  Also, was extremely disappointed that the soups, especially the Tom Kha Kai, didn't come in a size small enough to enjoy before the entree.  So no soup this night!  The Pad Thai was ok, but it was not served with a lime or any cilantro, which I love in Pad Thai.  We also had a pork and vegetable dish, which was kind of bland.  All in all it was just ok
4	I was happy to see that a real Thai place (not a chinese joint that sells Thai food) is finally closer to my place in NLV.It's a small quiet place that I'm sure gets pretty loud when people get "jiggy" on their stage with Karaoke and also instruments for their live band. It's family owned and when our group of 6 entered we were greeted by the wife who is very very friendly. After our waitress/The Wife brought out our drink orders, she thoroughly answered every question we had, even as redundant as some of those questions might have been. Most places that I've been to, you can tell that the waiter/waitress gets a little annoyed when he/she has to answer the same sort of question. We got our orders within a reasonable amount of time and was always politely asked if we needed anything. We never had to hunt our waitress down for refills or anything extra that we needed, as she seemed to always come at perfect timing and to where it didn't feel like we were constantly hounded.Now on to the food! The food was good. Sounds like a bland description, but...what can I say? It was good. It was your typical Thai place, where with whatever you order you select your spice level from 1 to 10. For only being the first time that I have eaten here, its kind of hard to tell if the food is consistently good or just for that night. Overall, out of all the orders from our group, me being a taste tester of everybody's order, it was all tasty. I will be going back to see if the food is really legit and not only being good on certain nights. Only draw back that I have, is that they don't have fountain drinks! For soda, they charge by the can...i think $1 each. Which sucks because if you get hella spicy food, you will drink more! But this isn't a reason that I wouldn't come back here. Unfortunately, they close at 9. I don't remember if this is closing every night, but that night it was at 9 pm. Being a karaoke place, and being that I am with a group of a bunch of friends, we wanted to have fun and sing a little. It was after 9 pm, and we nicely asked if we could still sing and our Waitress, with a big smile on her face, says "Of Course! Have fun!" The husband came and turned on the whole Shabang! Disco Lights, fog machine, and even dimmed the lights in the restaurant! He showed us how to use the machine and just let us have a blast. Even their kids were having fun recording us acting like fools on their iPads and phones! The husband and wife were watching and clapping for us even as they cleaned up! We only did maybe 4 or 5 songs and then decided we didn't want to hold them up, but they insisted that they wouldn't mind if we stayed longer. They were Super Nice!So, 4 stars! I will be coming back! Great Food and Great People that own it!
3	This restaurant is nice and cozy to dine in and the food is great.  The quality of the food is very good, but the portions are small and it costs around 8-10 bucks per dish.    I left happy but we had used around $30 for two people ordering only 2 entrees and one appetizer plus drinks..I feel like the price doesn't justify the portion but overall the restaurant feels great for what it offers.  Definitely a place to remember if you want to dine near NLV.
5	This awesome place inspired me to stop being lazy and finally open up my Yelp account.      I have changed my diet to a whole food plant based diet, therefore, shopping and cooking organic/ farmers market veggies/NON-GMO Frankenfood  is time consuming, plus exercising efficiently, working a full-time job, getting PROPER rest, and having some fun times with the Gurlyfriend to counter the stress and enjoy life...Is what I'm seeking but like Pimpin', It ain't easy.  When we fall short on time which like many others out there we skimp on time to eat properly resulting in zooming thru the Drive-thru of any of your fast-food chain and basically putting high fat/calorie/sugar/sodium/poison dead food with zero vitamins or nutrients in our body's.  We like to get this as take-out to have this around the house when we don't have the time to prepare and cook healthy meals (which is often these days).         We have been eating there 4 to 5 days a week, considering I get 2 sometimes 3 portions from 1 order (8$-10$)  I have also changed my portion sizes away from your typical Western Diet mentality.  We have been eating there about a week after they opened, since I live close and drive by it almost everyday...do the math on that.  We eat there a lot.  They know us now obviously, since my GF is Thai and is also fluent in Thai, she enjoys speaking with them.  They all are extremely friendly and polite.  What I really respected was that I asked the chef if it was possible to not use oil in my order of just a veggie stir-fry ($5-$6).    He sure didn't use the oil, no debate at all and It was absolutely delicious.  I also do not want to put MSG in my body, so we asked if they use any products containing it and they told us "No"       Food I have ate there:               Veggie stir-fry, All their veggies are fresh, cut well, and flavorful.  They cook them perfectly also.              Green Thai Curry veggies only, spicy #10 (spice scale 0-10) I have had various degrees of spice levels, all are yummy and to your taste.  This is my personal favorite.  Veggies are red bell pepper, bamboo shoots, carrots, bok choy, broccoli, mushrooms...I might be missing 1 or 2 more.  I crave this stuff.             Red Curry veggies only----super yummy             Yellow Curry veggies only------yummy             Pad Thai with chicken-------super yummy, GF's favorite             Pad Thai veggie only-----super yummyIf you want lime with your Pad Thai, just ask them...it does not come with it             Papaya Salad----yummy             Veggie Egg Rolls-----super yummy, fresh, some of the best I've had             The place is very clean and has a good energy about it.  They have Karaoke, but unfortunately we don't sit and eat due to busy lives, so take-out it is.  The food is also consistently good, never a "bad" visit.The prices are good for the generous portion size and quality ingredients.  One of the reasons their veggies taste good is the quality of them.  But, quality ingredients cost more also.  They also are a small business and have to make a living too...so yeah, prices are good.Although I don't normally incorporate animal protein in my diet anymore, I did try a piece of the Beef and Chicken in which the quality and cooking time was spot on.  Flavor was great.  I have not yet had a chance to try any jerky yet but I have heard from others that it is good which doesn't  surprise me. I shared the Green Curry with a fellow co-worker and he is also a huge fan now.  I made myself hungry half way through this review, so I ate some left over Green Curry w/ veggies over some of their traditional Thai jasmine rice while I finished this.-Davey
5	I wrote this review for those with the discerning taste buds that crave truly authentic Thai food over the Americanized version.  So I am letting the secret out. Don't take my word for it, you'll write your own review after you eat at Sun's. Favorite dish: basil chili with chicken. Also try the free sample of dry chili jerky, wow!
4	I'm always on the lookout for a good eat in North Las Vegas...and Sun Thai will be my go to spot to satisfy my Thai cravings.  Small mom and pop shop, we were only ones dining there, but we did notice quite a few people picking up to go orders.  We started off with the stuffed fried chicken wings (deboned chicken leaving just the skin and wing tip and filled with ground pork, vermicelli, veggies), and this dish was surprisingly tasty but a tad on the salty side....nothing a few bites of rice can't neutralize.  Honestly, it's not the best Thai ever but the Thai fried rice was comparable to Archi's and the dish was fairly large.  The fried rice was my favorite dish, the rice had the right texture and flavor.  We also ordered the garlic and pepper chicken...which had good flavor but perhaps was slightly overcooked and the portion was rather small.  The service was very attentive and the server always had a smile on her face.  Definitely give it a try if you live in North Las Vegas...well since you really don't have too many other options :)
4	Service was excellent.  No fountain drinks.  There green chicken curry soup is excellent.
5	I luv there food, great service...I go here with my family every week.. its our favoriet place to eat..oo and that soup with shrimp called tom yung krung.. the best.
5	This place was awesome. Everything was very fresh and delicious. I ate here 5 times over an 8 day span. I tried many things and they were all equally delicious. They were very accommodating of special dietary requests such as no fish sauce, low oil.The two highlights for me were the spring rolls and the sticky rice and mango. I just ordered rice papers off Amazon so I can try and make my own raw spring rolls.
4	The red curry was excellent. Food is fresh and authentic Thai. I chose to pick up dinner for my housemates. Shared the Thai fried rice, red curry and pad thai. A perfect dinner to bring home.
4	We found this place by accident.  We were looking for a different restaurant and couldn't find it.  We were starving so we pulled into the first restaurant we saw.  Being new to the area, we have tried other Thai places and have been very disappointed.  That being said, this place was awesome!  We had the appetizer sampler, chicken pad thai, beef noodle soup with meatballs and sweet sticky rice with mango for dessert.  The sampler came with spring rolls, two types of rangoons, shrimp and veggie tempura.  They were all very good.  I normally do not like rangoons but I was fighting my hubby for these.  My husband loved his pad thai.  He got the spice level 7 and said it was perfect.  My soup was very good.  The sweet sticky rice made my eyes roll back in my head.  The service was prompt and very friendly.  The restaurant was clean.  The prices were very good.  (pad thai was 8.95 and soup was 9.95) we didn't finish them because the portions were huge so definitely worth the money.  We are so pleased we stumbled across this little gem.  We will definitely be back for more!
5	I ate at almost every Thai restaurants in Vegas and I can tell you guys that they have one of the best, if not the best Pad Thai in Vegas.   I tried the combination one 5/10 spicy.They also have very good service and the place is very clean!  The ambience at night is also really good.  Can't wait to go there and try more things on their menu!
4	The jerky is very good but beware, the "hot" jerky can be REALLY hot even when it's not "supposed" to be the really hot version.  In addition, the restaurant doesn't carry much jerky on days when the Indoor Swap Meet is open so if you want jerky, go there (couple of miles away on Decatur) instead.
5	Have only tried the green curry and keep coming back weekly for the same meal.  Best green curry I have ever had.
5	Coming from the bay area to las vegas, finding food that compares is difficult but not until I came here. This place is amazing and the price is perfect!! I definitely recommend!!
4	I was just talking with my step-mom yesterday about how hard it is to find a decent Thai place these days, and how everywhere we used to go has seriously fallen short in the quality department. I then remembered today about a Thai place that opened fairly recently down the street from my house and figured I'd give it a try.I got to Sun's Thai Food about 45 minutes before closing, and was immediately greeted with a big friendly smile from one of the owners. I decided to order to-go, and she handed me a menu to peruse. Once I was ready, she had the waitress (her daughter-in-law) come up front to take my order. She was also extremely friendly and told me the wait would be about 15-20 minutes.I actually ended up waiting about 35 minutes...which really wasn't a big deal to me, I wasn't in a rush. During that time they never forgot about me. They acknowledged me with a smile every time they walked behind the front counter and apologized for the wait, assuring me it would be ready soon. And when it finally was, they handed me my to-go bag, thanked me for coming in, and wished me a pleasant evening. The customer service alone would have made me give this place another shot, even if the food was sub-par.While I was waiting, I had overheard a group that was dining in exclaim "Oh my gosh, this Tom Yum soup is incredible! Everything is so good!" So I was very excited to get home and eat. Fortunately, I was not disappointed.Tom Yum Soup w/ Tofu - It was, indeed, INCREDIBLE! I always get nervous when I order Tom Yum with tofu because, for whatever reason, a lot of other Thai places seem to have a different recipe for the tofu version than their regular Tom Yum Kai. But this was exactly what I was looking for - hot and spicy lemongrass soup with white onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, scallions, and all of the wonderful spices that make this soup what it is...but with tofu instead of chicken. The scent of lemongrass hit me as soon as I lifted the lid and I was immediately sold. It was so fresh and flavorful, I couldn't stop eating it. I hardly left myself any room to enjoy the rest of the food I ordered. I highly recommend it. And I'm willing to bet that both the Tom Yum Kai and Tom Yum Koong are just as good.Fried Wontons (?) - I ordered the Crab Rangoons, but I'm pretty sure it's not what I got. I think I may have actually been given the fried wontons, because the inside definitely didn't have any cream cheese and tasted like pork. I was only slightly disappointed since I was really craving cream cheese filling, but despite this...they were still pretty good. They were not at all greasy or soggy. They had a nice crisp texture and I was pleasantly surprised that their sweet and sour sauce was slightly spicy. (But not overwhelmingly so. It had the sweet and sour flavor, with a bit of heat in the aftertaste. Excellent.)Pad Thai w/ Tofu - As soon as I opened the box, I thought "Whoa." This was the sauciest Pad Thai I've ever seen. (And in my mind, that's not a bad thing.) I usually have to ask for some extra sauce at other places because the noodles tend to be dry, but that was not a problem here. That sauce had great flavor and the tofu was cooked perfectly, fried and slightly crunchy on the outside. I'm not sure if the waitress heard me say my spice level on this one, because it ended up being very mild. However, they did provide a couple containers of chili paste which easily rectified that. The box did not contain any lime or cilantro, which I may ask for next time to see how those flavors compliment the extra amount of sauce.They threw in a side of rice, which I didn't order. So that's pretty cool. (It'd be more so if I actually liked rice to begin with.) They also provided plastic ware w/ napkins, soy sauce, and the aforementioned chili paste...so I had pretty much everything I needed to consume my dinner without ever popping into the kitchen.Overall, I'm extremely impressed. And I will definitely be bringing my family by to give it another go. (My step-mom especially!)
4	I was impressed by this little Thai place tucked into a little shopping center. The major anchor of the shopping center has been gone for awhile, so little businesses have come and gone. I hope this one is here to stay. The Crab Rangoon was excellent as was the Mongolian Beef. Plenty of flavor and just enough spice.
5	Best authentic Thai food and customer service in Las Vegas that won't break the bank!My girlfriend and I have eaten at many Thai restaurants in Vegas from Archi's to Thai Food To Go to Pin Kaow and while those restaurants may have good dishes, Sun's Thai Food & Jerky may be the best. You can order your food with the typical spicy levels 1-10 or do it yourself (The best way to go, of course!). They don't mess around here with their crushed chili peppers either. I took one whiff of it in the metal container and I thought my sinuses exploded! A 5/6 here is like a 10 at the other restaurants mentioned above.Started off one meal with their Crab Rangoons (Delicious!), Pad Thai for myself (Fantastic!), and Panang (Amazing!) for the girlfriend. Top that off with great customer service and they have something really great growing here.
5	Best chicken noodle soup I have ever had.  Everything else I tried during two takeouts was very good as well.
1	Disappointed...and i had such high hopes for this place. I feel obnoxious for writing this as so many seem to love but this really was like the worst Thai meal ever. I'm from Wash DC burbs and haven't found great Thai here but this really was was no good for me. Yellow Curry was watered down with mushy potatoes. Pad Thai had way too many carrots and just wasn't flavorful. Fried rice was just mush, like cement. The yum woonsen was the only saving grace. I grew up with a Thai friend so I think I know what authentic is, but maybe not since so many call this place authentic tasting food. Maybe I'm too American Thai food jaded, I don't know.  I just don't get why so many love this place. It was cute and authentic looking for sure but the food was not good.
4	I love Thai food, and I love Sun's. If you like it spicy be careful;  a level 6 tasted like a level 10. Delicious,  and authentic.
2	I was craving some Pad Thai and Tom Yum soup so bad after being introduced to it at a different restaurant. I went with something closer to my house and on yelp for reviews which usually works , not this time. I was so disappointed with the Pad Thai it was dry, lacking taste and just simply bland even the color was off and pale. The Tom Yum soup was another disappointment. I ordered it med spicy it was way too spicy, which led me to believe since I ordered 2 different orders in separate spicy levels they messed up and decided to make one just super spicy. The shrimp were grainy which means its old and over cooked. I literally had a couple of bites and it all went in garbage. I was so disappointed I thought since this place was a mom and pop shop it was going to be amazing. I was wrong.. I see everyone's reviews and wonder if I just had a different cook. Next time I will suck it up and make the drive to Archie's and order it where I know it's amazing!!
5	I'm not a Las Vegas resident but after eating here I wish I was. The food is delicious and the service was one of the best restaurant services I've ever had. We had a huge order and everything was served with perfection.  Thank you Dena and we hope to see you again.
2	We ordered take out which was supposed to take 30 minutes. When we got there we had to wait an additional 15 minutes because they were 'out of rice'. When we finally got our food we were very disappointed. The pad Thai tasted like old used oil. Both the red and green Curry had almost no vegetables and were so watery. Basically all you could taste were the canned bamboo. We won't be returning. We'll stick with Archies and Komol
5	Great Thai place! We sampled the jerky and it was really good. We had red curry and the chick satay. Both delicious. And of course, Thai ice tea was great! Definitely watch out with the spiciness - we ordered level 8 and it was very hot! They give you a pretty good amount of rice with each meal as well. We will definitely be back!
3	I'm familiar with Thai cuisine because I grew up with Thai and Laotian friends.  True authentic Thai restaurants in Las Vegas are unfortunately scarce in this city.  I usually only try new Thai restaurants based on word of mouth but I was meeting up with a friend so we decided on a place nearby.  I went to this restaurant based on the good reviews on Yelp.As I was waiting for my friend to show up I ordered the traditional favorite Thai Beef Jerky.  I looked at my plate when the waitress brought it out and notice that the majority of the jerky was cut almost as thin as mini straws.  And at first glanced I could tell that the jerky was fried to the point where it was dried out and hardened.  I mentioned this to the waitress and her attitude was "next time tell me not to fry it too much".  I didn't like her attitude so I told her I found this place on Yelp then her attitude change.  She didn't offer to change out the jerky but she was more attentive after that.  The jerky was definitely flavorful and would have been perfect minus the cost effective size and dehydrated brittle state.  I sucked it up and my friend and I tried to finish the $7.95 appetizer.We ordered the Drunken Noodles(which was not on the menu).  I thought that was a plus.  The flavor was authentic and perfect with some minor tough rice noodles that I encountered.  Their red curry flavor was right on but the chicken I could tell was a bit dry.  Their Papaya Salad flavor was perfect with the exception of the equal amount of carrots to papaya portions.  It's a simple little restaurant with a definite mom and pop feel to it.  Overall I enjoyed their authentic flavors. And would have given them four stars if they had stayed more true to quality on a few of their dishes.  But being it's location on the Northwest side of town I would have to say I consider this 100% Thai as you're going to get.
5	How did I not know this was here in North Vegas? Very authentic and great Thai food! Pad Thai and Yellow Curry is where it's at!
5	Not only was the food great, but the customer service was top notch as well!  I came here with my friend a few nights ago and ordered the shrimp thai, only because i had been craving it for so long.  Everything on the menu looked delicious! We will definitely be coming back here ago soon.
5	Wife and I wandered into this place craving some Thai food. There are quite a few choices nearby and this one by far surpasses them all!Service: The service is great. The family that runs the restaurant is very friendly and punctual. I've seen them go out of their way to deliver food and make meals correct. They don't skimp when you say you want it spicy so buyer be advised. Don't say you want it super hot and then wuss out it ruins the restaurant for everyone. They can get backed up with orders but be patient the food is worth it.Atmosphere: Although I rarely dine in the few times I have, everything is well taker care of and clean. The tables are clean and not sticky and the cutlery is clean and not cloudy. The restaurant itself has a stage and a bar (that may or may not serve liquor not sure). The stage is for events and karaoke but haven't seen them having music etc. so possibly something that was left there from the previous establishment. There is a significant amount of Thai decor so it really adds to the experience. Overall humble and clean.Food: The food is great. Everything I've ordered from the; whole fried fish to eggplant to fried rice to tom yun gong and etc. has come out fresh tasting and well seasoned. The Thai flavors of sour, slightly sweet and SPICY really shines through. I love that I can say I want it spicy 10 out of 10 and I get exactly that. Not some watered down "well I put a lot of chili sauce in there for you" hot, I'm talking I added a few fresh thai chili peppers prepare to burn. I hate that most Thai restaurants throttle back the spice to appease their Americanized audience. My wife is Thai and loves her food spice level LAVA as do I. So in short if you're looking for authentic tasty and fresh thai food then this is the place to be! -Side note: the thai jerky is also delicious. It's not your typical jerky because they tie all the spices normally used in their dishes into the jerky. It is unique and tasty. -Side note2: Dishes I reorder again and again; fried catfish with curry sauce, eggplant, sum tam, pad thai- with spice (different flavor than your typical sweet pad thai much better imo)tl;dr: great restaurant. family owed and operated. friendly. clean dining experience. genuine thai food. don't skimp on spiciness so beware. try the jerky.
5	This place is so good! Eat there! Worth every cent! Food is fresh, tasty and reasonably priced. Our favorite is the Pad Woon Sen. Yum!
5	I ordered online right when they opened and when I got there I did have to wait a little for my food but they offered me Thai tea which I know I don't like so she brought me Thai coffee for the inconvenience it was delicious! The chicken & shrimp pad Thai is delicious and I also got a complimentary soda and soup. Yum!
5	This is my new favorite Thai place!WARNING:  the Pad See Yew is more addictive than crack.  If you eat here you will have to come back for more; it is so good.Sun's has a fun, eclectic family run atmosphere and amazing authentic Thai food.
2	I had the yellow curry and chicken satay. The chicken in the Satay was too tough and thought it was just okay. Where this place let me down was when I ate the curry I got a metal curled up shaving in the food...in my mouth! Sure it's probably from an opened can, but that's my point. It threw me off and I didn't enjoy my meal.
5	Wanted to try this place out, Verry good food. I got pad thai, crab rangoon, and thai tea and purchased some terriyaki beef jerky Pad Thai - really good great flavor Rangoon - interesting shape sort of like a paper football shape but good fillingThai tea is outstanding and a must also the Beef Jerky was really good for $5.00 These are def. good and worth ordering again
5	Was pleasantly surprised with their food and service! I ordered food for delivery when I was late and rushing for work and had no idea what to serve my family for dinner. I ordered the pad see ew (spicy), crab rangoons and fried tofu for my husband. We can tolerate heat so I asked for it to be spicy, as in my experience whenever we order Thai food the heat seems to be lacking. Not in this case! The pad see ew was seasoned nicely, spicy like we wanted with generous portions of beef spread across it. The crab rangoons were alright, they weren't anything special. The way they make theirs is they just fold the wonton wrapper triangularly in half and put filling in the middle, making the first bite mostly wonton wrapper. It's not a big deal but my husband did say something about it. The fried tofu came with a yummy chili dipping sauce that also came with the crab rangoons. The delivery didn't take long, I was given an estimate of 40-55 minutes but it got here in maybe half an hour. The prices for the portions they give you are also very generous and always appreciated! Overall a very good meal and will be ordering more often from this place for sure!
4	Went to Suns after hearing the spice level is actual Thai level. I have tried a few local Thai spots and while the food is great most restaurants hold back on spice to sell. A great example is Bajarong Thai, while the presentation and good is great the 10 scale heat had no heat to me. Now suns has the typical 1-10 scale heat but the heat is nice on a 10. My mouth tingled and I broke a sweat while eating. I tried the Red curry w/ chicken, Thai beef jerky, crab rangoons. The beef jerky is actually cooked beef jerky with a crispy shell and mouth watering everything else.. It is served with a salty dipping sauce. The crab rangoons are not as fluffy as others I have tried but nice and crispy with a delicious sauce. The red curry was a huge bowl served with a plate of rice. I got my curry a 10 on the heat scale and it was great, hearty and delicious. My only complaint might be the environment.. It's not so much a complaint as it's sort of cheesy. There is always club lights on with music playing from the early 90's .. Not bad but it definitely has a karaoke bar feel. Go check this place out the staff is all family and everyone was super nice.
5	Excellent Thai! Love how it's in the neighborhood and Mrs Sun is so nice! Tom ka Kah soup is my favorite and so is the curries.
5	Best beef jerky i've had in ages. Sun is so nice and let us sample everything before we purchased. Hawaii peeps will love this place!
5	I love this place!  This is the ONLY Thai restaurant I will eat at.  Their food is always fresh, wonderfully flavored.  My favorite is always the pineapple fried rice, but today I ordered the chicken noodle soup.  It is absolutely fantastic!  Service is friendly.  I am never disappointed when I go there.  I highly recommend them, even for take-out.
5	Great Thai good! I got the green curry with tofu and it's amazing! Great spice too! I called in my order for pickup and it was ready in 20 minutes! Would highly recommend.
1	With all of these 4 and 5 star reviews, I feel like I must have eaten in a different place!  Yes, the service was friendly and quick, but the place felt dirty and the food was really bad.  My shrimp pad see ew was very bland and had exactly 5 dirty-tasting shrimp in it and my husband's curry was a big bowl of super liquidy sauce with some very rubbery chicken and peanuts floating in it.  The crab rangoons we ordered as an appetizer were some of the worst I've ever had.It makes me sad giving them a 1-star rating.  I really do wish the best for mom-n-pop places like this.... especially when they are friendly.  But I have to be honest.  I should have known when we were the only people eating there at 6:30 on a Friday night!
5	Friendly employees, great food and relaxing atmosphere. Everything I've order has been great! Give it a try you won't be disappointed!
4	Pretty good. It's a good place to go when you're in the mood for inexpensive curry. I was excited to go for karaoke but they don't have it on Fridays I guess :(
4	Really great Thai food here! I am a really big Thai food fan and IMHO the flavors here are full and complex. The restaurant has a simple interior, so I wouldn't be overly optimistic regarding the atmosphere, but the food can go toe to toe with many 4/5 rated Thai palaces in the Valley.I'm a big fan of the Pad Thai Noodles and the Panang Chicken Curry. The Papaya salad is fresh and spicy. The soups a rich and vibrant with flavor.I would suggest this place for a really solid Thai choice in the area!
5	Great food! I had a lovely meal here with my husband. Big servings and it was very tasty. Service was a little slow because they only had one girl on and three tables came in behind us but I was very pleased with the food which is he most important thing to me. I will return!
4	The restaurant itself seems a bit of a hole on the wall given that it's in an older strip mall without many businesses left open. We were the only ones dining there for a late lunch. The red curry chicken was outstanding. I've been back since to order takeout and the portion is enough to feed two people easily. The pad see ewe was equally wonderful with the flat noodles and Chinese broccoli. We were told the chicken satay would be a 10 minute extra wait so we opted for the spring rolls which were delicious. The Thai iced tea was nice as well. I'm happy to find a good Thai food option in the northwest :)
3	I would love to give this establishment 4-5 stars but as I am awake with a roiling stomach at 4AM I simply cannot.  I've ordered take out from them several times and it is always good; delivered quickly and courteously.  This last time however I ordered two curry dishes, one mild, one medium, but both were spiced so heavy as to be barely edible.  Right now I'm wishing I had stopped eating it rather than force feeding myself the spiciest dish I've eaten.  I ordered using the eat24 app so maybe there is a problem with the app or how they process the order.  At any rate I would recommend calling them to confirm on the amount of red pepper in the dish.   I should have sent it back.....
5	I'm so happy I gave this place a try, my family and I came here last night and we all loved it! The food came out super hot and freshMy daughter got the pineapple fried rice, it's not your normal fried rice, it was a little spicy and I think it had yellow curry on it. Overall a really good dish! I had the panang curry, it seemed a little thinner than the other thai place I visit but the flavor was amazing! I will definitely be ordering this again!! The service we received was the best service I have had in a long time! I can't remember his name but he was so nice and helpful! But BEWARE.. the spice level here is more than you may expect, I got a 4 and it was extremely HOT! if you like spicy like I do maybe try a 3..
5	Very happy with our last minute stop at Sun's.  We were driving down Craig Rd. trying to figure out what to eat.  Newly Vegan, our choices are often limited.  We were picking up something to go and after seeing the menu and speaking to a very nice woman (daughter of the owner I believe) she assured me they could make the dish with no animal stock, egg or milk.  We were very pleased with the flexibility and sincerity she showed and though I thought to give 4 stars which is "Yay I'm a fan" I went with the 5 because her service to us really showed that they could work with our food limitations! We added extra vegetables once we got home to our pineapple fried rice & masaman curry (namely cauliflower & bamboo shoots) but the flavor was PERFECT and that is the main point of anything.   We were very happy with the flavor & will definitely return!  Thank you so much.
3	Beware-- spices are spicer than normal spices. Whoa, try saying that 5 times real fast. Their spicy level 5 is spicy level 10 in most places! The usual eats:Spicy Beef salad-- made a mistake and ordered it as a spicy level 5 one time and it was extremely difficult to eat due to the spice level. From than on I order it as a level 2 which is perfection. A lot of beef and not enough veggies but still very good. Mint chicken-- some Thai places use ground chicken for this dish which is what I'm used to but this place uses real chicken chunks. The amount of chicken they put in this dish is greatly appreciated. Great in favors and the mint doesn't over power the chicken at all. seafood tum yum soup- Great burst of flavors but not enough seafood. I would like to find more fish, clams, and shrimp than garlic and tomato chunks. I do like the actual soup/broth, it's pretty dang good, but for paying $16 they need to make it worth our buck. The people that work here are really really nice. It is family owned so you often see kids in there watching TV or helping the adults. There is also a mini stage area where there are instruments and I think karaoke. I've never been here while that was active but it looks like good time. They are also well known for their beef jerky. Ask them for a sample, they'll be more than happy to give you taste.
5	Nothing to add to what the other five-star reviews haven't already said, amazing...Just one comment for those complaining about the spiciness of the food; you're eating top quality Thai food, which is traditionally spicy...it's going to be hot!!! So man the f*#@ up and educate yourself on the food before you order next time. Lowering the overall score of this excellent Mom n' Pop restaurant due to your ignorance is a damn shame.
5	Me and my wife found Sun's Thai Food just a couple of months ago. This place is amazing! They have the best Thai food in Las Vegas, hands down. And I mean every dish! I personally LOVE the Panang Curry. It's family owned and operated and has a very warm, inviting feel. We've been literally eating there twice a week since we found it! The prices are great. Saturday night karaoke is a blast, too! Very laid back and introvert-friendly. One tip before ordering: be sure to order your food between a spicy level 1 and 3 if you are used to ordering at a 5 and 6 (like us) other places. They use very high quality spices and the scale runs much hotter than normal!
2	Very nice people, nice place inside, but not Thai food that's worth coming back for, very bland and the Thai coffee isn't right, maybe the owners would benefit from checking out Archie's or the noodle house..
4	This review is long overdue..I used to work up the street from here and on a whim we decided to try it out.  Pleasantly surprised at how yummy it was. We had the pad thai and yellow curry , chicken patay and shrimp rolls.  I could drink the sauce with the satay...sooooo delish.  Pad thai was good and the curry was smooth and rich.  We have gone here numerous times since and have never been disappointed.  Love the jerky too!!!!
4	Hello, Thai that delivers and you can order online...favorite already. Yes, I am an introvert at times. We ordered here last night and I was satisfied. The only warning I ask you heed - the spicy is like a 10. Out of a scale of 1 to 10. If you order online, it says "Mild, Medium, Spicy or Extra Spicy". I was thinking spicy would be around a 7-8. Holy shit, it was crazy spicy. But delicious!We had - Panang Chicken Curry - Good, just wish it had a little more something to it. BBQ Pork - Delicious. Pad Thai - Very good.Tum Yum Krung Soup - Delicious with awesome flavor. This is supposed to come with shrimp, but it was chicken. They delivered within an hour and the delivery man was very friendly. Overall, we'll definitely be using this place again in the near future. Thumbs up.
5	Wow! Wow! Wow! to this beef jerky! I've been spoiling myself with it for the last couple of years and felt a review was in order. You can get it at both the swap meet and at their restaurant.The flavor is ridiculously addicting...the sweet and spicy combo of the "Hot" flavors and the "Thai" flavors (my two favorites) hand you the biggest challenge in trying not to tear through the entire bag in 10 minutes. I think the beef is made from high quality cuts as it's dry but still extremely tender and there's no fat or cheap marbeling or strains like you'd find in a store bought Oberto bag...Sun's Jerky is an entirely different experience.I recently tried the spicy pork strips and their new Hawaiian and came across 2 new favorites. If you haven't checked them out yet, you're definitely missing out on something special. It's a snack better than anything else and also probably better for you too, straight up protein, no fat and some wickedly tasteful flavors. Mouth is starting to water...Must. Grab. Some. Thai. Flavor. Now.
4	Found this place on yelp.  Was a little skeptical about all the mixed reviews, but glad I went.  The food was amazing.  The chicken in the dishes was real chicken.  Not that weird rubbery fake chicken.  We ordered Thai beef jerky, mint chicken, Thai chicken fried rice, crab rangoons, mangolian beef, Thai ice tea and Thai coffee.  Everything was great.  The place was very clean n the service was great.  We went on a Friday at 4pm and were the only ones there.  Go and try it out if you live close by.
4	Had Mongolian beef... Which I rarely order because of all the fat on the beef.. Pineapple rice... Mushroom chicken.. Broccoli and chicken.. And shrimp spring roll.. All this shit added up to 57 bucks.. Small portions.. But the shit was alright.. I'd order again, I d just keep the entrees down next time.. But Mongolian beef and broccoli chicken is a must have.. The spring roll bullshit can go.. Like who makes 2 big ass burrito size spring rolls!!!? With 1 shrimp in it.. And the shit was like 6 bucks.. I'll pass..
