5	Five score years ago two great Americans, Brad and Kat, signed the Short Leash food truck proclamation. This momentous decree of great bacon, sausages, naan bread and gourmet toppings will be seared in the flames of delicious. But years later we face the tragic fact that we are still not free, not free to eat Short Leash when we want it.But there is something that I must say to my people who stand in the long lines which leads into the palace of delicious. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and eat Short Leash whenever we want. I have a dream that one day we will be able to sit down together at a table inside a restaurant. I have a dream today. It's not every day that dreams become reality, but the dream of dining at Short Leash on a whim, whenever we feel like, without waiting in lines has come to fruition.I had the privilege of visiting during their friends and family preview, and left with great conviction to visit over and over again. They've got a few restaurant only items on their menu like Scotch Eggs, savory Funnel Cakes, and a few other gems I'll let you discover for yourself. They're serving beer and wine on their menu now, with a pitcher costing you just $7.50Short Leash Sit...Stay will be a great addition to Roosevelt Row's way of life.Happy Yelping Phoenix, I can't wait to see you there!
5	Last night was the grand opening of Sit....Stay the sit down restaurant for Short Leash Hot Dogs. I have only had Short Leash one time before this at a UYE that Jon H. hosted. From first bite I was in love. So much more than just a regular hot dog. Then I heard that this restaurant was opening, I was super excited.Had to show up for the first day. So did a lot of other people but that is a good thing. When I got there I muscled my way inside and got my name on the list. I was told the wait would be about an hour and a half. That is understandable. First night. Ton of people. The place is not that big. Nice cozy spot. So many people it took me awhile to realize there was a bar as well as tables. I thought it was just a bunch of people standing in one corner.The wait was awesome. Best wait for a table at a restaurant I have ever had. The owners were also running around handing out hot dog pops. Little corn dogs on sticks some with Jalapeno cheese in them. It was a surprise as to which ones did. Also the nicest girl was handing out waters and refilling them for those standing around. She had the best attitude, I think, ever for someone filling up water glasses. As busy as it was she was super happy and excited to be refilling water. Plus she was genuinely happy that you had shown up. The owners were very nice too. Everyone was.So after my awesome time of waiting I finally got called. Felt like I won something. Got seated at a table with several other people in various stages of their meals. Again understandable with so many people. Waiter came over, also very nice, took drink orders. Nice girl with the water showed up again. The menu is changed slightly from the food truck menu. All the regular dogs are there and you can build your own. Plus they have new entrees and salads. You can also order pitchers of beer which is great and they have Kilt Lifter on tap another plus. Had a little trouble picking which dog I wanted. So many great choices. Finally got the Bear. Which has the oddest list of ingredients that you would think would not work at all but it just does. Peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked Gouda cheese, bacon and BBQ sauce. Crazy right? But soooo good. The fact that all of their dogs are served on naan bread pushes it over the top.Drinks took awhile coming out. Again no problem. I love the little tin trays they bring the food in. All dogs are served with chips or a garden salad. It was one of the best meals I have had in a long time and the hot dogs were really good too.This place is awesome. If you go here and just get a plain old mustard and sauerkraut dog you are doing yourself a disservice. Also don't miss out on Mamma Toledo's pie shop. Hidden in the corner. Turn left instead of right when you head towards the bathrooms. They will Shut Your Pie Hole. Didn't try the pies but the cookie bars were really good. If they are any indication the pies should be great.I had an awesome time. No one else can have as awesome of a time here as I did, it is impossible, but you will get a great hot dog though. The best around. Even if you have to wait for it trust me it is very worth it. There is a reason there is a wait. They are that good. Your mind might just be blown. It is possible.This place has the possibility of becoming very special for me but that is just me. Only me. I don't want to build it up too much for everyone else.
3	I attended the opening as well, but have a few criticisms about my experience.First, the price.  These are the most expensive hot dogs/brats I have ever had.  For these prices, I had expected to see flakes of gold or truffles mixed in with my toppings.For three people, our bill came to $36.00...and some change.We ordered one appetizer, two sips of beer in a miniature "shorty" glass, and two brats.  Basically, an appetizer and two brats.I'm not sure how they justify these prices.  If my experience and their products had been better, I might consider paying $10 for a hot dog, but nothing came close to warrant the expense; except for my tiny beer, which was already overpriced.One of our brats was served on or squished inside a pretzel roll.  It was tiny and looked unappealing, especially considering that the roll dwarfed the brat inside.The other was a jalapeno brat with penne pasta and some type of chili, wrapped inside naan bread.  The jalapeno brat did not have a good flavor and only served to overwhelm my senses with a spicy, burning sensation.  Also, who the hell thinks that it is a good idea to put penne pasta on a brat?  These guys...and that was mistake number two.  The third mistake is using naan bread, which is an interesting idea, but doesn't make the product better - which should be the hot dogs and brats.It really seems like they are trying too hard and experimenting with different concepts.  For such a successful business, I would have thought that they had moved passed this step of the process.  Guess not.It's sad and disappointing, because the owners are nice people and the service was adequate, albeit, a tad slow; partially due to it being the grand opening and extremely busy.I really wanted to enjoy my experience, but I didn't.  I went to Ted's Hot Dogs for the first time yesterday and actually prefer their product over Short Leash.  At Ted's, I received a giant foot-long hot dog for about $4.00 and they didn't mess around with any nonsensical combinations.In this case, the saving grace was the delicious German pilsner that I sampled.  Again, overpriced.  $3.50 for about 8 ounces.Overall, I wish them well.But, really, penne pasta!?   Haha.  Come on.  Just make some freaking macaroni!
5	Waited for 2 hours just to get seated at the grand opening last night (National Hot Dog Day!) and it was, as expected, well worth the wait. If you've never visited the food truck... Short Leash is known for their funky combinations/toppings but have no fear... they are just as complex and delicious as they are strange. My personal favorite is the Devil Dog (green chiles, jalapenos, sriracha, onions) but when vegetarian chili is available the Mac Daddy (mac n cheese & chili) is going to happen.Congrats to the owners on such success!
4	We attended the grand opening of Sit...Stay last night. Mostly because my toddler's new obsession is hot dogs and how could we not indulge her on National Hot Dog. Plus, we're big fans of Short Leash!I could write a novel about our experience (a good one!), but I'll try keep it short and to the point. Positive:- While service was on the slower side (totally understandable, it was packed!), the servers and owner were incredibly friendly, accommodating, and so gracious. They thanked us multiple times for coming out to support them and apologized beforehand for any bumps we may experience.- The menu! It took me a few minutes to realize they have a completely new additional menu available. While we stuck to the regular dog offerings this time, we'll be back to try some of the new items. - The food, of course. Normally I go for the Igby, but gave the Devil Dog a try instead. It was awesome! - They split our table's check no problem. We ordered four dogs, a kids dog, and a polkadot casserole (?) and our check was $51. Not bad. Obviously pricier than the truck, but we don't mind paying a little extra for the sides, ambiance (a/c!), full service, and bigger selection. - Design and location. It's super cute inside. You can tell they spent a lot of work making it reflect the Short Leash brand. Now I totally understand it was opening night and there would be a few wrinkles needing smoothing out. Here are a few of the minor bumps we experienced: - I asked for mushrooms to be subbed in place of the red peppers on my Devil Dog, but didn't receive either. They were swamped and I didn't want to be "that" person, plus the dog was pretty killer anyway so I let it go. No biggie! Next time I'll speak up if needed.- They forgot the chips with one of our kids dogs, but the owner had them out pronto when we asked about them. Again, nothing big! Though they were very apologetic, and we appreciated that.  - The macaroni and cheese was....different. The penne was really large and the cheese sauce was very....gummy? Processed? I'm not sure the word I'm looking for. It left a funky film on our teeth, and my daughter didn't eat more than a bite (when she normally loves homemade mac and cheese). Would love to see this improved!- The salad vinaigrette. The green salad that comes with the dogs was really underwhelming. The dressing was light but also pretty flavorless, which made my salad taste pretty "green". Nothing wrong with that, but I think a simple green salad should have a pretty flavorful dressing paired with it. All in all, it's been pretty awesome to witness Short Leash grow as it has over the last few years. The owners and staff have always been so great when working the trucks...they truly deserve this. Everyone was so excited to be there, and we were excited to be a part of it! We'll definitely be back soon.
5	All dogs go to heaven.. This place is amazing. I have had a couple Short Leash truck dogs, and have always been thoroughly impressed. I'm SO happy that they have a stand alone that is close to my work! Even though they literally opened 2 days ago, there's very little I could possibly complain about.The Deets:Dogs: I've had a couple different dogs, and today tried "The Bear." Imagine peanut butter, BBQ sauce, smoked gouda cheese, an all-beef dog (you can choose any though), and wait for it... CRACKERJACKS! This dog was phenomenal. All flavors blended perfectly and very high quality local ingredients were used. This attributes to the higher price point, but it's worth it to help out local businesses and to insure that the quality is top notch. I'd like to try their other offerings, but it will be difficult to stray from this creation. I was told by the man at the bar - who I'm guessing was an owner - that this signature dog actually won among a panel of judge's as the Diamondbacks signature dog, and is featured at the stadium. The atmosphere: Cute, hip, and modern feel. Comfy seating, and kind, helpful staff. You can tell they're still ironing out the few creases in terms of decor, but it was a lovely place to stay for my lunch break. Nice bar and cool eclectic specialty beers too! I was surprised that being in the arts district, they don't have any local artists featured. Art is the bread and butter of the Roosevelt District.. I hope it's just a matter of time until they fill their walls with beautiful local art. Plus: The restaurant has a doorway into Mama Toledo's Pies, which I haven't tried yet, but will when I don't scarf down my whole hot dog next time. How nice of the two restaurants to work together. I wandered into MT's after finishing my meal, and the pies looked delish. When you get the chance, go to Sit...Stay and get "The Bear". You won't regret it!
5	We tried going opening day, but decided not to wait the 45 min.  So glad we went back today.  I had the bratwurst Igby and it left my mouth tingling.  Wonderful flavor and crisp.  We sat at the bar and really enjoyed talking with the staff and other customers.  Everyone was supper nice, and the owners are really a wonderful part of our community.
5	I'm writing this review in the midst of the happy food coma this restaurant put me in. I was so excited when I found out that Short Leash was going to be unleashed to become their own stand along restaurant! This means that I don't have to chase a truck to get my Short Leash fix anymore! We rushed here the first available moment and tonight was the night. Knowing that Short Leash has a cult following and others would probably be lining up to eat here too, we came early at about 5:30. I'm so glad we did because by the time we left at 6:45pm, there was a wait almost out the door! The hot dogs are exactly what you would expect: delicious Schreiner's sausages sandwiched between fresh Naan with a variety of different delicious ingredients on top. There are several unique hot dog entrees to choose from and you can also build your own dog. We started with the corn dog bites which come on skewer sticks and are accompanied by a ranch and a spicy sauce. The corn dogs are amazing; freshly made corn dog batter and cheese infused sausage. For my entree, I decided to go with a class Short Leash special, the Sunny which is a chicken sausage with grilled fruit, goat cheese, prosciutto and arugula. It's one of my favorite hot dogs and the perfect combination of ingredients. Besides the hot dogs that made them the local celebrities they are today, this restaurant has some new additions to the menu including salads and sliders. They also have beer on tap so you can have a beer with your dog! As for the environment, it's very neighborhood friendly. Everyone is encouraged to be friends while they eat and this is reflected by the communal tables. Be prepared to dine with a couple strangers (who might become new-found friends!) if you come during peak hours. If you don't feel like taking the chance to have to dine at a communal table, then I suggest that you eat at the bar. It's simple sophistication inside with a cool feel to it. Brad and Kat's friendly personality comes to life as Brad welcomes you inside while Kat cooks up a storm in the back. I am so happy that this successful food truck has turned into an adorable restaurant. Their food, service and charm has rolled over nicely into their new restaurant! I will happily return again soon to get my Short Leash fix. ***** After dining on our hot dogs, we headed next door for a piece of pie from another food truck success story, Mamma Toledo who opened up The Pie Hole next door. Look for that review coming up next!
4	I thought I was over hot dogs.Short Leash has proved me wrong.  I was impressed with the concrete and tiled bar, the sleek and curved wood barstools, the gray and white wallpaper, the cute mantras of good living with fun orange and turquoise colors. My wife and I were greeted by a very nice young lady who sat us at a community table.  Maybe it's just me... but I am usually weird about this kind of thing.  I hate to eat in public anyway, since eating time is when I get a chance to relax and not think about putting on a smile or selling something to someone.  You know?  Someone serving me.  Well, this was not the case. In this place, I saw a few people I have known from years in the Phoenix area, and then realized that the community table is a new concept that I actually enjoy.  I look forward to sitting at this table and possibly have a conversation with Alice Cooper, the Mayor, my neighbor, my teacher from 2nd grade.  This concept is especially great for a neighborhood full of artists and college students!  Thanks Short Leash for making me get out of my comfort zone and appreciating my community over great tasting food (at a community table, you are more likely to be offered a bit of someone else's appetizer...)I am going to keep this leash short - THE FRIED PICKLES are one of the greatest things I have ever stuffed in my face.  The pickles are thick-sliced and prepared with a slight spicy kick (what they put in their brine is a mystery to me).  The panko outside is chunky, crisp, and dry!  Each bite was deep-fried magicThe staff was nice, casual, knowledgeable, and not afraid to make substitutes to give each customer what they are looking for.  The hot dogs are incredible and range from classic styles to new spins and ingredients with a unique flair that could only be born from a very competitive food truck market!  I ordered the Mac Daddy, and although the meal was not what I expected (I expected macaroni noodles but was surprised to find cheesy penne on my hot dog) I felt that it was a smart move and was probably a healthier and more tasty alternative.   The chili had black beans in it, and I give it a thumbs up too.When we left, I felt great.  Usually when I consume a meatbrick from a pub or bar I feel like a tub of lard wallowing out into the street.  At Short Leash, I feel like they have really created something fun and savory for Phoenix that left me satisfied, relaxed and entertained.
4	The C-Clan went to Sit-Stay on grand opening night.  We got there just in time as we took 2 of the last seats at the community table.  The wait was the better part of 1hr to get in afterwards.   We decided to order some corndog bites (though J wanted to order the Scotch Eggs) as a starter.  Mini versions of the jalapeno cheese corndogs...drool!  J's order - The Mac Daddy, which he raved about!My order - A salad for which I can not remember the name.  Had grilled peaches, chicken sausage, and 2 slices of fried goat cheese.  Perhaps it was the Sunny?  Salad dressing was pretty non-existent.  Though the dog was flavorful, I probably wouldn't order the salad again.    Baby Cs order - Kids polka dot casserole.  A penne pasta with a cheese sauce and slices of hot dog.  Baby C enjoyed the pasta and bites of dog.  Other than my salad, the only thing that would make Sit/Stay better is if they had high chairs.  Baby C had to sit in my lap because unfortunately they only have booster seats.  Baby C is a too small for a booster.  And there's a big difference between going to a restaurant and having a 13month old sit in my lap vs visiting the truck at the Phoenix Public Market and having the baby lap it.   So hopefully they'll have a highchair or two by the time we go again, or maybe we'll just bring our travel highchair.But all in all, it was a great experience!  We don't have to stalk, er, chase the food truck for our dog fix!  YAY!
5	Sit....Stay- you complete me. I had to try the place out on opening night. My wingman and I got there and there was already a line out the door. We went down the way to grab a beer as our wait time was estimated at two hours. While waiting outside they handed out water and free apps, cus that's how Short Leash Dogs roll. With legions of SLD fans, it was cool to chat with other people while we waited. After about 2.5 hours my name was called we were seated at the communal table. I must admit, historically I'm not a fan of the concept of sitting next to strangers- but I love SLD so I went with it, and was glad that I did. Before long, you have made new friends and it's fun chatting with people. I strongly recommend just relaxing and enjoying the experience. I ordered the pig in a blanket, which was so amazing, and comes with mashed potatoes and gravy, with green beans on the side. They have delicious icy beers on tap and my beer was perfect. Brandon was our server and he was polite, charming, and on point. Sit....Stay is a smash success. The food, ambiance, and people are second to none. It's truly an American Success story. Brad and Kat started Short Leash and worked 7 days a week. Years later their brick and mortar location and it kicks ass.  Well done guys, I look forward to years of having amazing food at your great restaurant.
4	I've been excited about this place from the first time I saw they're "coming soon" sign in the window and was even more excited when I finally had a free moment to stop in and check them out earlier this week.I loved the restaurant! decor and ambiance was great, though not at all what I expected. I was expecting something far more casual. Kind of a order at the counter, it comes in a to go container and be done with it.No its very nice, decorated modern casual, cool. I sat at the bar, talked with the bartender a bit. I ordered the sausage sliders at his recommendation and they were delicious. The reason for a four star review, rather than a five-star one is this:1. Prices. Sliders (two small sausage sliders and a side salad) $10, glass of wine $8, piece of pie $4.50 (from Mamma Toledo's which is attached to the restaurant) and tip $6. Total bill for 1 person = $30. Did I enjoy myself? Yes, Would I have enjoyed myself even more if it was a few bucks cheaper? Definitely! Hot dogs from the food truck are $6. Here at Sit, Stay they are $8.50 and 9.50. (Yes I understand than in a brick and mortar restaurant, there is much more overhead costs, but I wasn't expecting such a big difference in price.)2. Pie is on the menu but wasn't available. I had to go to Mamma Toledos to order my pie. As I said previously, it is part of the restaurant, so it's not like its inconvenient to get there or anything, but it means separate bill, separate tip. Just a minor inconvenience over all. Oh and it wasn't air conditioned. Would I come here again? Absolutely! And probably frequently. It's in the perfect location for me, barely a block from the light rail.Though higher than I'd like, the prices won't deter me and I hope they don't deter you.
5	I think heaven might just be short leash hot dogs. They have been touched by the gods, they have been blessed by the angels.  Try a hot dog, any hot dog.  You won't be disappointed.  You can't go wrong.  It's just...perfection.  That's about all there is to say.Sure, sometimes there's a wait.  Sometimes it's crowded.  Sure.  All those things.  But can you put a wait time on excellence?  Can you complain about something that will change you fundamentally as a human being?  Can you really be upset about something that will show you what we're truly here on earth to experience?...I might be SLIGHTLY exaggerating here.  But believe me, not by much.  If you love hot dogs (and how can you NOT?!), you simply HAVE to eat here.  There is no other option.  Eat. HERE.
3	You charged me $8.50 for my already $6.00 hot dog, it was really good but I don't have an extra $2.50 just laying around for hot dogs.  Please charge what your menu says.
5	The negative complaints about this place are all about the prices here. The food is awesome. Fried pickles are some of the best I've ever had. Support your local restaurants and pay the extra buck or two. It's going to be better than chilli's. I promise.
5	I've had gourmet  hotdogs from a few places over the years.  They all fall short after having Short Leash.  I had the Devil Dog with some added bacon, Becca had the Bear and my friends had some build your own types.  The table was completely quiet after our food arrived.  All of us focused on our meals.  One of my friends that joined us spent the rest of his weekend telling everyone he could about the most amazing hotdog he'd ever had in his life.
5	Sit....Stay and you won't be disappointed. Short Leash takes a great American pass time food, the hot dog, and turns it into a dining experience to not miss out on. Their gourmet style hot dogs will thrill your taste buds in the moment and leave you salivating for more after. I am getting Pavlovian just writing this review. The dining atmosphere is cozy, the wait staff is very friendly and knowledgable about their products.  There is a small area for bar seating and several tables for larger groups.  The decor is minimalist which adds to the charm.  There is no outdoor seating which is great for the hot summer months. I went with some friends and arrived after walking a mile in the 115 degree afternoon sun. The first we ordered was water and lots of it.  Our server was so nice as to not only leave the pitcher of water but brought out two more.  They were all gone by the time our dinner was done.  And she provide waters in Togo glasses after hearing our story when our meal was done. That was great thoughtfulness. My friends who had never experienced the food truck were dazzled by all of the options available for a hot dog so they each chose a create your own.  I ordered the Bear because they didn't believe that bacon and peanut butter with crackers could be delicious on a hot dog.  They were eating their words once they had one bite of the deliciousness.  Dave H. ordered the deviled dog and thought it was the most amazing gourmet dog he'd ever eaten.  If you have never tried the food truck I recommend trying the restaurant you won't be disappointed.  If you have tried the food truck try the restaurant as there are added delicious treats that await.  Treats like corn dog skewers for appetizer and a delicious key lime pie for dessert. I already have plans to return with more friends.
5	I was worried that food truck taste would be lost by transferring to a restaurant but it didn't!  And the menu expansion is amazing!
5	Great dog, great salad. It was nothing like I have ever had before.
5	"How will Short Leash be able to translate all the good things about their food truck into a sit down restaurant?" was my only question when I ventured over to Roosevelt Row last week. Imagine my surprise when I had all of my expectations topped. Upon entering their new establishment, my mom and I were greeted by a host. Totally unexpected. In fact, I walked right past the stand and in to the dining area. A bit embarrassing! Oh well!We were promptly seated at a community style table we shared with another family. The furnishings were all clean, modern, and not fussy. We loved the geometric wallpaper on the north wall. Very cool. Our server was low key and likeable, and showed us around the menu I know so well from patronizing the truck for several years now. My mom was less familiar, and he helped her build her order patiently. We were served our food with cloth napkins, glassware for our beverages, and metal silverware. This all made for a great dining experience. The food was delicious as always, and they still offer a wide selection of bottled sodas to pick from. We didn't order desert, but the selections from the Pie Hole looked and sounded tasty too. As I said, my expectations were definitely exceeded! What a great business this is. I enjoy the owners and the company they are building. The care and deliberation they are showing is very apparent.
5	It shames me to admit this but I only just recently discovered Short Leash dogs but I am thrilled that they now have a permanent spot in downtown. These guys truly represent what local business is all about: they serve up a unique, high quality product and it is obvious that they love what they do.The unique, high-quality product to which I refer is of course hot dogs. But not just hot dogs. They have brats and a choice of different wieners.I prefer to build my own so I went with the all beef wiener with sauteed onions, mushrooms, bacon, tomato, bleu cheese and chipotle mayo served on flat bread. SO good. They also have their own creations which are pretty unique and creative.What's nice about Sit....Stay is that they have a nice little bar with draft beer and wine. They also have an expanded menu that includes appetizers and salads as well as some entrees like Polka Dot casserole and Pig in a Blanket which both sound awesome.The people that work here are all super nice as well and that is what makes me happy to spend my money here and support this business. Definitely worth checking out and supporting. They are close to where I work so I see myself in here often for lunch.
5	Just plain tasty. Lots of great toppings choices. The "sunny" was actually really good. Nice cold pilsner to wash everything down as well. Good service to boot.
4	Back in the day [about a month ago] when they were 'just' a food truck they were my Wednesday dinner at the downtown Farmers Market and alternate Fridays at the empty lot on Camelback.Now I have to bike all the way 2 blocks north to their sit down restaurant to get my Wednesday fix.Worth it. The only place I eat hot dogs in America.What's up with the empty lot now? Who knows - who cares
5	While I would have given the bratwurst 4 stars, this place gets 5 stars for the overall experience. It's a cool little spot, the staff was incredibly friendly, they have a few good local IPAs for reasonable prices, and it's connected to the upcoming storefront of Mamma Toledo's pie truck. All in all, it's the type of place you feel good about supporting.As far as the brat, I went with the Moki (roasted green chilis, pinto beans, tomatoes, cheddar, etc.). The brat and the toppings individually were solid, but I wasn't sure about the combo, which was my fault. I might go for one of their signatures next time, which eliminates the selection of the meat. Comes with a side of greens or chips; the greens were a tasty way to break the whole thing up. Afterward, they offer a few types of pie from Mamma Toledo's, or you can just walk over to the pie display (connected inside the restaurant) and pick from any of them. $4 for a slice is definitely worth it.You should go here.
4	This place is just fun. From the different and varied combinations they throw out there, the flat bread that will make You never want a bun again, to the great sausages this place is a blast. I had the bear which had peanut butter, cracker jacks, and BBQ sauce and it was a great hot dog. The tangy BBQ and the peanut butter worked well together and the cracker jacks added some needed texture. If your looking for something fun ad delicious I would check out short leash
5	I've always loved this food truck! My husband and I were so excited that they opened a brick and mortar location so now we always know where to find them. Our first visit was great - cute industrial looking place peppered with their dog theme, same friendly service, same delicious gourmet dogs. They offer incredible combinations or build-your-own gourmet hot dogs, wrapped in warm naan. We're vegetarians and the veggies dogs are delicious and available with any toppings.  This has always a favorite, and the new place has beer and wine, to boot :-)
5	I now see what I've been missing.  I've always known Short Leash was the most popular of the Downtown Phoenix food trucks, but now that they've got a brick and mortar restaurant, I no longer have to chase down their food truck to taste this piece of hot dog heaven.  Their restaurant has a pretty modern feel, though small enough that it feels like part of the neighborhood.  My girlfriend had a craving for the fried pickles so we started with that as an appetizer (and washed em down with some Kiltlifters).  But the main event was the hot dogs.  Holy God, so awesome.  I got a Spicy Bear (Peanut Butter, Gouda, bacon, barbecue sauce, and cracker jacks on top of a spicey beer sausage wrapped in pita bread).  Its was a party for my mouth.  She got the Igby Brat (coleslaw, blue cheese, barbecue sauce on a bratwurst wrapped in pita bread).  I honestly never thought hot dogs could be so fun or creative (or mindblowingly delicious).  They also let you build your own dog from amongst over 30 available ingredients.  The server we had helped us through the selection process and was very friendly.  And vegetarians can rejoice as they have vegetarian dogs with vegetarian ingredients to choose from.  I could sing the praises about this place all day, but if you're in the Roosevelt District looking for a hot dog fix, it really doesn't get any better than this.
4	We had a lovely lunch here on a Saturday. The owner knows us by name, so that's pretty awesome. The interior is hip, clean and cheery. It feels just like you would expect the inside of the food truck to feel. The owners have clearly put their stamp on every inch of this establishment, and it shows. I had the Sunny and my husband tried their pulled-pork sandwich special. I was not blown away with the bread to topping ratio. It was a bit too much bread for my liking. However, it won't stop me from coming back in the future and supporting this awesome local business!
5	Just as good as the truck, if not better.  The restaurant is a little small, but we went on a Friday night and had no problem getting a table.  Food tasted great and has many more options than what is on the truck.  For an appetizer, we tried both the fried pickles and pimento cheese dip and both were great!  The corn dogs are also amazing!We love the food truck, but think I will be frequenting the restaurant more due to the convenience.  Friendly service, fun atmosphere and great staff, would definitely recommend.
4	I had lunch here today and as per usual Short Leash delivered.I had the currywurst Oktoberfest special which was a red curry (think curry ketchup) sauce, chopped onion rings, currywurst (i think might have been knockwurst), served on top of nan bread. It was really good and every bite was flavor packed.I also had a side salad which had a really tasty dressing but might have been a bit too much of it on it.I want to come back again and try some of the apps and beers they have on tap. Sadly I went during lunch on a work day so I couldn't have any drinks (yes all of you who know me and are rolling your eyes I do know how to pass up a beer).
5	Met up with some fellow Yelpers at Short Leash Dog Sit Stay UYE, now earlier in the year I was introduced to Short Leash in the same manor, but it was in an alley off Central and Camelback at a food truck and they were an instant hit with me! Since then Short Leash has expanded/ added an actually restaurant, and we were there to check them out! I found my group pretty quick and then after I settled in my seat, and got my date situated (my 8 month old grandson)  I looked around the joint, I like it, it has a nice opened feel, maybe a little hipster, but I dig it!I knew before I got there what I wanted, I wanted The Bear, I had a taste of it awhile back and had been craving it since then! Let's stop for a minute and discuss the Bear, where did they come up with this idea? Who said let's make a hot dog, and then place it on naan bread, then top it with smoked Gouda, Bacon, Bbq Sauce, Peanut Butter and some Cracker Jacks for kicks! Whose idea was this, and who 2nd it?????  I know if I came to the table with this for my kids, they would think I was smoking something! Short Leash Dogs are geniuses!  The Bear is amazing!!! My dog was a brat, and it was smothered in bbq sauce, peanut butter, Gouda cheese, BACON and yes even the cracker jacks and blanketed in Naan bread!! This is the most amazing hot dog I have had so far!  Just mind blowing how the combinations of everything blend together. Also my bear came with a nice little green salad, eating the salad made me feel less guilty about eating the dog haha got some healthy stuff with it! For the little guy I ordered the corn dog bites, though he only ate 1  1/2, he dug the corn meal crust of the dog, devoured that up quickly.  He has 6 teeth and knows how to use them. He wasn't a fan of the jalapeno cheese stuffed dog, but I can safely say, that's pretty banging dog!  Might have to try it out as a Moki, yes I think that's what I'll try next!  Another great UYE, and Short Leash, you guys have a fan in me!! I will be back!
5	Q. What did the Short Leash dog say when asked about the secret to a great hot dog?A. "Naan of your business!"These hot dogs are out of this world good. Each one starts with, you guessed it, naan bread, topped with a hot dog, brat or sausage with your choice of any number of creative toppings. You can also get chips or greens on the side.I stopped by a UYE here last night and was blown away by the crowd. Luckily, we had a table and the service was prompt. I should have tried the special hot dog of the day, but in my hurry, I "settled" for the Bear. If you haven't heard, the "Bear" is a culinary masterpiece containing peanut butter, cracker jack, gouda, bacon and BBQ sauce. The mix of sweet BBQ and peanuts must be tried. Don't just scarf this one down - savor each bite. I'll be honest, I liked eating at the restaurant more than the food truck. There is decent seating, you remain unaffected by the elements, and the hot dogs taste better to me. When you're in the area, check out this fantastic spot right around where downtown meets midtown.
5	I so love everything about these guys!! Love their truck, love their restaurant, love their food and love the owners!! So happy for them and their success!!
5	Don't know why I've waited so long to review this place, these people, this concept! We love Short Leash! We have been visiting Short Leash since it first opened! We discovered the food truck and have been visiting ever since! We absolutely LOVE the restaurant though & were so excited for its opening! The food is all good, but The Sunny is our favorite! We also love the Fried Green Tomatoes, The Pimento Dip & the Pig in the Blanket! YUM! I'm getting hungry just writing this review! Be sure to visit the Pie Hole next door too as Tanya's pies are fantastic! We love the Chocolate Eclair!!Support local & definitely try this place! You won't be disappointed!
3	I got the brat. I've had better brat at outdoor bbqs. The German bun wasn't that good either.  Sauerkraut was decent.  The salad that came with it was good.  Service was excellent. I'll try something else next time
4	Once upon a time, I tried the Short Leash Dogs food truck at a the first play date at the Children's Museum. I've longed to get back to them again since that time.  I finally did and I absolutely loved it! I love the naan for a bun and the kettle chips were amazing! I had an extremely difficult time trying to choose which thing to try, everything looked yummy!  I can't wait to try more of the menu, next time!
5	I love this restaurant I used to follow the food truck. Everything here is so unique. Its definitely one of a kind
5	Amazing, eccentric selection of hot dogs! I'm so glad that this funky food truck opened up an actual restaurant, because it's much more convenient than searching for the truck when I'm craving a hot dog! I can't remember the name of the item I always order but it's basically a hot dog on their naan bread covered in chili and mac n cheese! I highly recommend!
4	Overall solid food. It's not easy to take something as classic as a hot dog, completely reinvent it and make it work. Short leash has done that. Whether u want spicy, savory, or something completely bananas they have it. I got the bear dog which had peanut butter, BBQ sauce, bacon, gouda and cracker jax. Sounds weird, tastes awesome. Also, the fried pickles are pretty bomb, albeit a little more sweet than sour (if you're really into sour pickles you've been warned). The chips that came with my dog (which I chose over a salad, duh) were the only shitty part. They appeared homemade and we're warm but really needed salt or some kind of flavor, besides dull potato. But who cares, fuck chips! I'll definitely be back, although I wish the prices were a little lower for a hot dog place (8.50!) Probably create my own dog next time from their endless list of options. Live down the street, two thumbs up.
5	The food was SO good! The wait staff was quick and very sweet. Prices were good and I would definitely go back!
5	The fried green tomato stack is my new favorite dish in all of Phoenix. ALL. OF. PHOENIX. Seriously try it. It's only a matter of time before this dish becomes as infamous as the Stetson Chopped Salad at Cowboy Ciao. If it doesn't, it's a crime.
5	Absolutely loved the food truck when it is downtown by my office now I really love the brick and mortar.  I have come here three times a week even though it is a longer walk now than the public market but it is the best in town at what they do.  AMazing and innovative sausages and dogs!!!
4	Like food from a truck, hate the lines, standing heat and lack of a place to sit, oh yeah and lack of beer? Well then come here as this solves all of those issues. The one issue it still does not solve is: is a hot dog and chips worth $8.50In a hip urban down town spot which was the easily forgotten tedybertos is Short Leash sit and say, what happens when a food truck graduates to a food storefront.  There are a few bar seats, several 4 person tables and a larger table to accommodate small groups. The menu consists of hotdogs with unique toppings server on naan bread, and some other items, and even a few dinner only items. There is beer and even a local little it shop to the side.I oped for a veggie dog in the seasonal style with a roasted pablano and pumpkin cream. I was skeptical but it worked well. I think the veggie dogs them selves could use a bit more character however.  The chips were home made and quite good, maybe the addition of a seasoned salt or aoli would be nice. If you want to flex your hipster muscles and show off to a guest take them here, then cruize the hood on your fixie as there are a few other spots to grab a drink near by.
4	Here's the universal truth: all veggie dogs suck. Really, really hard. There are no good ones. Therefore, the toppings and bun of a veggie dog must be really spectacular to make it an enjoyable. Short Leash succeeds at this with all their creative combos and delicious naan. I've tried a few at their truck, but I'll always be partial to the first one I ever tried, the Igby. The spicy barbecue sauce, coleslaw and blue cheese makes my mouth water.At the restaurant, I was finally able to try the green tomato stack, something I've been seeing on instagram all summer. It definitely lived up to the hype, and I'm sure the bacon I left off takes it over the top. I'm glad they had some Dos Cabezas wine on tap, but it would be great to see their 4 item wine selection expanded.Sit...Stay is a great option for downtown dining. If they could somehow come up with a tasty, housemade veggie dog, I'd give them a million glittery stars.
4	Fun little place with great service. I had the Lady which was really good and the naan surprisingly works really well. The accompanying salad was a nice side but too overdressed and small in portion. My only complaint is that I was still hungry after my $10 dog! I could get 4 polish sausages and 4 sodas at costco for that price. I know, not in the same boat...but just saying.
5	Nice work reinventing the hot dog, especially for a vegetarian. I've visited the food truck several times and decided to try Sit...Stay. It did not disappoint. I was craving the veggie lady so bad, so I begged my husband and we made the 25 minute trip downtown to get a fix. Simple casual decor with a nice bar - seating for 8-10 and several tables, including a community table. Started with the fried pickles, nomnomnom, and some local brews. I ordered the veggie lady - such a simple thing, but I am seriously addicted. My husband ordered the spicy beer hot devil dog with a side of mango chutney and he loved it too. Open a north Scottsdale location, maybe a quick window service style in The Quarter?
5	The bartender I had here was pretty dang cool.  It's so nice to talk to a female who knows about beer.  I sat at the bar and chatted with her and another server that was doing silverware at the bar, they were so friendly.I can't remember what I had but I know it was delicious and that I should go back for more especially because it was so reasonably priced. The decor is pretty cool. Small and laid back.  Great addition to the downtown good scene!
5	Best hotdog ever!
5	This place is really neat! Our waiter was super friendly and had a very dashing mustache, added to the charm of the place. When you walk inside, the decor is very simple and nice.  I had the bratwurst which is cooked in four peaks kiltlifter beer (my fave beer!!)  with sauerkraut, onions and bacon topped with swiss cheese and sweet delicious bavarian mustard. I asked for their homemade chips which were super good. They also had Four Peaks beer on tap, which is pretty awesome as they're supporting local breweries. The bathrooms are unisex, which was totally different from what I'm used to, but somehow it worked. There's a nifty little pie spot right next door that I'm going to have to try at my next visit. I will be coming back here for sure.
5	I visited with some friends and one of the servers had an attitude whilst serving us. He got food and drinks wrong, but didn't really seem to care that it impacted our experience. An email to the owners proved this business cares about its customers and their experiences. I would not hesitate to return again.Food is really good and you should try this place.
4	I came here with some friends. I like the place and they have a nice selection of beers. I had the liquid amber and I liked it so much I got two! For my meal, I ordered the currywurst and pickle chips. I first had currywurst at Disney Epcot and so i was comparing it to that. When the dish came out, I thought it was actually someone else's. I'll be honest and say I didn't really like it. It looked like a pizza. It tasted like sliced up hot dog in prego sauce with curry sprinkled on top. Plus it was lukewarm. I really wanted to like it but I didn't. I would be open to trying more items on their menu though.I had some of my friends homemade chips and they were sooo awesome! I like it a lot. I also liked the fried pickles! Those were great too, and I highly recommend those items.Btw, also, frosted glasses with your beer!!
5	Unique dining addition to the downtown scene!  We stopped by for dinner last night with friends prior to a performance at the Phoenix Theatre.  The space is quaint...nothing over the top with the design, but comfortable.  The service was friendly and efficient too.  The food was great...unique in its presentation and a super extensive menu.  Everyone should be able to find something they like.  I tried the bratwurst on a pretzel roll with mustard and a side of mac 'n cheese - delicious!  Our group also tried the Lady, the Bear and the Pigs in a Blanket.  Everyone finished their meal with no complaints!
5	Working downtown today and happen to drive by and pulled it up one my phone and great reviews. So stopped by and got the sunny dog and it was the best hot dog I have ever had. The only bad thing I could even say was the pickle was to hot for me but for sure will be back. Ps the staff was very nice
4	One of the only downfalls was the music being too loud.
2	Overrated.I got one of the "supreme" hotdogs or whatever which was a dollar more ($9.50ish).  It sounded good, brat cooked in beer, covered with saurkraut and bacon.  The brat was as big as a pointer finger and the pretzel bun was slightly larger than a dinner roll.  So picture pig in blanket with much larger roll and a pig that's just a little bigger.  Not proportional, and kind of messy - people get this off a truck and are able to eat it without a fork and knife??The pita bread with pimento cheese was actually very good, however, the bread was SO greasy.  We were thinking we should go back for this and beer, but realized its probably not a great idea.Maybe the dogs off the truck are a little bigger?  It would definitely have to be several dollars cheaper for this to work..  The beer selection was pretty good though and value priced.
4	I love, love, love the Sit and Stay Restaurant by Short Leash Dogs.  Oh my lord I do not even know where to begin as there is not one item on the menu this hot dog lover does not like or would not recommend.  One of my favorites I will say is The Lady with a polish dog with these incredible home made fried pickles.  I am absolutely crazy about their pickles.  I also enjoy that they took the hot dog and put it not on a regular bun, but naan.  Simple, but effective because it keeps all of the awesomeness of the dog wrapped in to be consumed and not dropped onto the plate.  So onto what is usually the killer of all tasty things: the service.  No worries here, they have a great crew who are very customer centric and absolutely fun to interact with.  This place does make one want to sit and stay for a little while and enjoy some really impressive flavor combinations.
2	Our hot dogs were nothing special. I LOVE hot dogs so I always try every place that I can. When we got here the guy asked us if we minded sitting "community style" which is a table that seats 4 and then we sit shoulder-to-shoulder with two other strangers like on the subway. That's totally weird but okay. I got a Moki dog and the dog itself was just a normal boiled-in-water hot dog. They took some barely cooked naan and some shredded cheese and beans and rolled them together and that was what I got for $8. I can make that at my house in a few minutes without much effort. Wife got a pig in a blanket that was a deep fried kielbasa that tasted like it was heavily rolled in sage. We didn't even finish that. Fried pickles were awesome. Our tab was the best joke of the night-$30 for two hot dogs and some fried pickles and a "special" root beer. They ran out of the good kind so he brought me a bottle of IBC and hoped I wouldn't notice the difference.If you're a hipster looking for a good atmosphere with other androgynous and edgy hipsters then this is your spot. You can wash your hot dog down with a $7 small coffee from Luxe a few blocks away and then go home and wonder where all your money goes. I'm poor and not cool so $30 for two hot dogs and a root beer and fried pickles was not a good value in my opinion. If the food was good then I wouldn't worry about it but the food here is nothing special. If you want a good hot dog go to Mickeys or Morenos. They have Sonoran dogs for $2.50 each that taste amazing! Even Portillos will give you a HUGE meal for $30.
5	I've been a patron of Brad's and Kat's for about three years, starting with, of course, the food truck. They've always been supportive of me, so naturally I had to have dinner at the brick-and-mortar.I love this place. I love the industrial decor. It's simple.My boyfriend loves the fried pickles.The different pop flavors are also something different, that you wouldn't get at many places.And how can you not love a hot dog place attached to a pie place??? ONLY A CRAZY PERSON wouldn't fall in love with that concept.I'm so glad business has been good for Brad & Kat, because these guys really deserve their success. :)
4	I have never been able to get to Short Leash Dogs' food truck since I am a teacher and can't get out for a lunch break downtown.  So, I was really happy to find out they now have a restaurant!  A large group of my friends and I ate here before heading out to enjoy First Friday.  Supporting a local spot who uses the finest locally made hot dogs and sausages is where it's at.  Their fried pickles are certainly worth an order and perfect for sharing with friends.  Another friend ordered the funnel cakes with chive remoulade and capers...they loved it, while I didn't seem to adjust to the taste combo.  Meh.  I had myself a regular Igby.  Cole slaw. BBQ Sauce. Blue Cheese.  And of course the best thing a hot dog could go in...their flat bread.  I'm not sure why I didn't like this one since all I've ever heard about is how delicious their dogs are.  But I was a bit underwhelmed by this one.  Dang!  Somehow the coleslaw was too well...cabbagey, while the BBQ sauce was not tangy enough.  It overpowered the blue cheese too much.  I was too chicken to try the Bear with peanut butter and cracker jacks.  So, I am going for the Devil Dog next time!  Or I'll possibly create my own, but I don't consider myself a hot dog flavor combo connoseiur and would rather rely on Short Leash's expertise.  If you are a fan of their food truck, definitely step in to Sit...Stay.  Or better yet, if you've been waiting to grab a bite...get in there!  P.S. I did have the pleasure of devouring their sausage stuffed green chiles at the Chile Pepper Festival this year and it was totally tasty!
4	I am so happy this place opened up, now I no longer have to chase the food truck around town or stand in a long line, I get to sit down and enjoy this local legend on the regular. When I first discovered short leash I was a vegetarian. I only went a few times to have the veggie dog Moki style with sriacha (very good). I think I might have even cheated once and eaten a chicken dog. Things have changed and now I have to say that I am enjoying even more. It was hard I stray from the Moki because it was very yummy, but I've tried the Igby, Oliver and the Lady with either a beer hot or polish. All of which are fabulous. To my surprise, the Lady on a beer hot is my favorite (I was scared off by fried pickles at first). What I also love about this brand is how real, authentic and grounded the team is. Brad and Kat are so genuine and they've attracted a motley crew. I wish I could eat here every day.
4	The devil dog was so delicious!! You choose a wiener and select a custom made or you can decide to add your own toppings. The devil dog was so delicious!! Oops.. Did I write that twice?? ... Well, it was really delicious. Definitely a gem in an area where there were tons of artwork, park, rummage sale, etc. definitely go when you're super hungry because it is extremely filling... But even still... I ended up finishing the weiner and condiments without the naan..it was so delicious!! Okay I'll stop:)
4	Who let the dogs out?! Yes, cheesy.. I get it.. but never in a million years would I say I liked a hot dog joint! They have beef, pork, veggie, and chicken (I think). The latter two is what I can comment on. The veggie is a wee bit bland, but the chicken is quite tasty. I usually get the Devil Dog (spicy goodness) without onions. I've also had the fried pickles (heavenly) and the fried tomatoes and corn dogs. Do I feel good about myself after I leave here?! Absolutely not, but do I enjoy it going down YAASSS!Next up: Pies.. I've heard great things.
5	Great local spot!  From a wonderful food truck comes a wonderful sit down.  I loved the beer selection and the food is excellent.  I suggest the fried pickles or corn dog to start off with, after that it's up to you.  Thank you Short Leash for being an example of the Phoenix pride, you are models of a great business plan and community leaders.
3	I know this is a popular spot.  I know the owners are down to earth, friendly and nice people.  I even like their food even though none of it qualifies for food good for your heart.  In fact, you could even claim that I love their food cause well, I just love hot dogs . . . it's one thing that's hard for me to 100% delete from my diet.  I cheat with hot dogs the way others cheat with their cigarettes.  Sometimes I'll give my husband an excuse, get in my car then drive to get an ever so yummy hot dog.  I'm just kidding, well, almost.  I also love creativity and you have to admit these guys are creative~ infusing all kinds of flavours and combinations to their doggies and tasting all so yum, yum. Speaking of doggies.  This brings me to the reason of 3 stars.  The night we were there, all Elite Yelpers mind you so I mean, you know, we're going to be writing reviews, we're having a good time, tasting practically everything on the menu, including the fried green tomato salad (which is delectable and you get your veggies in).Here we were, enjoy ourselves when I looked over at another table and there is a LARGE dog sitting by the table, lapping it up, doing I don't know what and well, this dog was not a seeing dog.  Just a regular, friendly, happy dog. And don't get me wrong, I like dogs . . . just not INSIDE the restaurant of where I'm eating.  I could be wrong but I think having this dog inside the restaurant violated several health code violations.If having dogs inside restaurants is a new trend I'm NOT aware of and it complies with Photenix health code for restaurants, send me a message and I will update this review.  Otherwise, please keep the doggies on the plate, not inside the restaurant where it will cause me to question the cleanliness of the place!
5	I LOVE HOT DOGS! AND THIS PLACE HAS SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE. My daughter had a sunny dog. She said it was phenomenal. My husband had something rather too spicy for me. But he loved it. My son had the pretzel bread bratwurst which was very good. Although he thought the brat was not tasty enough. I judged my dog the winner! A very tasty chicken dog with spicy mustard and lots of sweet relish - just the way I like it! All dogs are served on naan, a tasty and less bready alternative to a bun! Well done Short Leash. We will be back should we pass this way again!
5	-Bear-yum!! Our fave.-Sunny-okay, prob try something else.-Crispy dogs- Hubby thought pretty tasty but prefers the Bear. I liked the cheesy sausage inside but not really the crispy tortilla shell. Still... Probably worth having once.-Devil dog-second to the Bear (per hubby)-lemonade- delishhhhThis is surely a place I need to come back many times so I can try everything!
5	This is the greatest place in downtown Phoenix.  The menu is on point.  There are crazy pre designed hot dogs, build your own, vegetarian options and vegan options.  They have great beer and a hilarious/friendly staff.  The restaurant makes you feel comfortable and hip.
5	Short Leash Dogs Sit Stay Restaurant is a mouthful in every respect - and this place represents all that's right with a new wave of fun, young restaurants in Phoenix. We had the corn dog bits appetizer with spicy mustard and a Devil Dog - with spicy beer hot dog. The food pops! Wonderful! The corn dog bits were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of batter, and the hot dog wrapped in flat bread was an amazing mix of spicy flavors. All the hot dogs on the menu sounded delicious. We will be back. Love the owners mission: "eating well and surrounding yourself with people who make you happy" - mission accomplished. Highly recommended.
5	I had no idea a hot dog could be so ridiculously delightful. The bear is outrageous - In a good way. I personally love the mango chutney topping and the spicy dog. It is a true local success story and uses all local ingredients. Great beer selection too.
5	Yes! Everything a great restaurant should be. Clean clean clean, friendly, efficient, delicious and charming. You get the sense the owners take true pride in providing a welcoming neighborhood establishment in which every inch appears thoughtfully planned out; from the custom logos on the fans to the bar and bathroom areas. Check it out and take note Valley business owners!
4	Visited on a Friday night before a Suns game.  I visited with my wife and my 2 year old son.  Seemed to be quite a few families at the restaurant, yet a shortage of high chairs.  Yet, our two year old was able to reach from a normal chair, we're not that high maintenance anyways- this worked, just not ideal.  The menu is fairly large considering they serve various wieners.  What impressed me the most was the beer selection and the pricing, its AWESOME!  The beer lineup is full of crafts beers locally and beyond.  The prices run $3-$6, but most of the beers are offered for $3 or $4.  There was also a decent amount of wine offerings and some on tap (AZ wine).  The food- the food was great, no complaints.  I had the special, which was a sausage of my choice teamed up with some sirloin to pass as a Philly style dog, good stuff.  My wife had the bratwurst sliders and she had no complaints.  One thing I will note is the service could get slow, not too many servers working, especially on a weekend night.  It is also small, so you might hit a wait.  I say hit the bar, there's about 6-8 spots at the bar.  The atmosphere is modern, moderate volume music and a mixed crowd- couples, families, hipsters and hippies.  Enjoy!
4	This place reminds me of Dirty Franks in Columbus. The way they put together a hot dog is creative and delicious..it's all about the right proportion and they did it well here. Service was quick and the place wasn't crowded for lunch. Chill atmosphere and good food.
4	Stopped in towards the end of an awesome date with my girlfriend and got a Bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel and it was absolutely delicious. The beer selection was a welcome sight with many regional and local choices (Four Peaks, San Tan). Can't wait to come back and get another awesome hot dog! (and a beer!)
5	I've been a big fan of these guys ever since I discovered their food truck at Food Truck Friday a couple summers ago.  There's a reason why people would stand in line for 25 minutes for one of their dogs.  They're THAT good.  I was ecstatic to hear that the owners were finally fulfilling their dream of opening a sit down restaurant!  Thus, the Sit Stay Restaurant was born.Everything that made Short Leash's food so good has carried over, and they've added even more!The dogs are phenomenal!  Whether you go with one of the Menu items (Igby, Oliver, and Devil Dog are my favorites), or decide to build your own, you can't go wrong.A couple other favorites:   Polka Dot Casserole, a gourmet twist on comfort food, and it is incredible!  And one I didn't see coming, the Fried Pickles!!  I didn't know what to expect, but I don't have the words to describe how amazing these are!!  You need to experience them for yourself.There are plenty of other things on the menu to amaze you as well!The restaurant is clean and comfortable.  The wait staff is super friendly, and the service is excellent!You can't go wrong with Short Leash Hot Dogs, either the mobile version, or at Sit...Stay!!
1	I must be too old for this place. I wasn't impressed with the loud rock music playing and the service was only so-so. We ordered what the waitress suggested which was fried pickles, the mac daddy & the bratwurst stuffed pretzel. Both dogs were bad and the fried pickles were so sweet they could've been dessert. The small hotdogs were drowned out by the cornucopia of strange ingredients on them.
5	Love this place.  It has a great vibe and excellent food.  The dogs are served in a pita instead of a boring bun.  The prices are fair.  The place is spotless.
4	Being able to sit down and eat a short leash hot dog in their very own restaurant for the first time made the food taste even better. Their building is purple on the outside, so it's hard to miss! Always easy to find parking, we walked right in. I was comfortable, the room is simple, and the sunshine barely coming in felt cozy.The waiter was a little bit silly; he didn't attend us right away even in a near-empty restaurant, and he forgot to get me my soda pop. He was really sweet, so I didn't really let it get to me. I only wish that they weren't so expensive. A custom dog is about $9. I still recommend this place! Everyone needs to try a short leash hot dog once in their life, and shame on them if their prices steer them away. Your stomach won't regret it, I promise. (And make sure to try their traditional soda pop - it's all part of the experience!)
5	While visiting the metropolitan Phoenix area I decided to post a message on Yelp talk to enlist the assistance of local Yelpers in helping me locate and identify places to pick up some hot dogs during my stay. One of the first places suggested was "Short Leash" which apparently has a much longer title of "Short Leash Dogs Sit.. Stay Restaurant". A day later I was off in search of this eatery and further more on the hunt for a good hot dog.After driving past this place several times I eventually spotted the food truck associated with the restaurant on the outside and realized I was there. There wasn't any immediately noticeable signage from Roosevelt street indicating that this was the right place which threw me for a bit of a loop. There is a door to enter from the side near where the truck was parked. I walked in, verified I was at the right place and got a menu. After looking over the various hot dog options, all around 8.50 to 9.50 I asked for a recommendation from the lady there and settled on the "Devil Dog". I had an option to try it with different types of sausages and went with the all beef hot dog. One interesting note about this place is that it's a waiter/waitress style dining establishment rather than a typical order at a counter and grab your food when it's ready hot dog joint. This place also seems very bar oriented, but because I both don't drink, and it was around 10:30 AM, I stuck with water to compliment my meal. With the Devil Dog, I was offered a choice of chips or salad. Being a straight male I went with the chips.I snapped a few pictures of the inside while waiting for my food, and in under five minutes the "Devil Dog" had arrived. It came wrapped in paper with a toothpick with a pickle on it, the chips being off to the side. I dug into the chips first. These were kettle style chips that were hard but tasty. After eating a few I unwrapped the hot dog from it's paper prison. The hot dog was wrapped in a tortilla, it was a long hot dog that was skinless. The Devil Dog had a red peppers, green peppers, cheese, onions and some seasoning that I can't immediately identify. This tasted very Southwestern and was quite good.  Unfortunately, the tortilla wasn't quite up to the task of holding all the peppers and other ingredients on the hot dog as much of it slopped off, I scooped up some of the remaining peppers with chips.Overall I found this to be an excellent and non-traditional hot dog. It was a bit on the pricey side but was well worth the money. I was both impressed with and enjoyed my trip to Short Leash and would recommend it. I'm going to give this place a full five star review. Thank you Phoenix area Yelpers for recommending this place.
5	Friendly staff, contemporary spot, delicious bloody Mary and mouth watering dogs.  What else can i say?Came in on a Sunday morning, thought i try the crispy breakfast dog, loved it!  The bar had "The walking dead" Marathon on.  They make their bloody Mary with pink sea salt and Okra, i also ordered a side of fried pickles to go.  loved everything about this place, definitely will be back to try the rest of the menu!
5	Short Leash? Yes please! I had the pleasure of having brunch at Short Leash on Sunday. They have the best bloody mary's ever. I'm absolutely in love with their blue cheese olives and spicy green beans. Mon Diue. I could eat an entire jar of those green beans willingly, and free of shame.  I am not really a hot dog eater (I read The Jungle and haven't been able to eat them since) so I ordered home fries which were delightfully delicate and crispy (it tasted like they were cooked in duck fat) and a breakfast sandwich. Which was also delightful and delicious. The menu had lots of items that catered to my vegetarian friends, and everyone seemed super happy with their orders. I've been looking for a better brunch spot since I moved downtown and I finally found it! Good drinks, great service, wonderful food. You should go!
5	Love the food truck and the brick & mortar!
3	The food is DELICIOUS. Very simple, yet unique and the flavors are great!I have been here 4-5 times and the food is always good, but the service is always VERY iffy. Many times, being seated has been an ordeal, the service is slow, they haven't had the soda I want, the wait staff is extremely awkward and they seem really anti-social. They are not overly welcoming.I always come back for the food, but my biggest and most recurring complaint is the service. Considering the food combinations are based off of different hot dogs and sausages, in my opinion it takes a little longer than I think it should, especially with the service itself. Otherwise, it's a great new, unique place with great food. I have never tried the food truck, but have never heard any complaints about the food. They also have a good selection of "hipster" drinks, local products and alcohol, if I remember correctly.
5	So happy this food truck establishment now has a brick and mortar restaurant. Grabbed lunch here and will soon be back. This visit I tried to have something I hadn't tried yet so we got the corn dog bites, the oliver and hubby got the moki (which looked great, but too messy to share- or he just liked it too much). I really liked mine and the jalapeno cheese stuffed corn dog bites were my favorite. I almost wish that the app only included these and not the plain hot dog filled bites. Luckily for me I think they know this and I think only 2 out of the 6 were the regular bites. We didn't have a beer this time and I spent quite a bit of time regretting my decision because they had such a stellar selection. Great local and not so local craft beers are available. Must drink next time! Also- I miss the fried pickles and the lady hot dog I tried on a prior taste at the truck, so I will have to visit more often to work my way through the menu! Aw, shucks.
4	Went to PHX on a business trip and needed a quick place for lunch. Found this place on yelp and it definitely delivered.The staff was very friendly and recommended some things on the menu. I had the Aiko hot dog which was awesome! I also had a special for that day, don't remember what, but that was also pretty tasty.Overall it was a great experience and I was able to find this place thanks to all the reviews!
5	Good food, good beer, friendly staff. Ask about their weekly special. It's always something new and delicious!
5	The best hot dog I have ever had! My choice of the day was Oliver (Swiss cheese, 1000 island dressing and  sauerkraut). Can't wait to go back!!!
4	Hot dog with peanut butter ? That just sound like it's not a good idea. I went in wit my buddy to see wat all the fuss is about , ok food .
1	I guess I just don't get this place. Why would you pay top dollar for a good but not great hot dog? Heck, if you want a hot dog like they serve at this place, their food truck is a somewhat more reasonably priced option. And if you can get to Tempe, you can get a better hot dog for half the price at Ted's. I guess this is a hipster place, and if you are not a hipster, it is not for you.
4	I'd go back even tho I had the Bear, and really thought is was too sweet.  Next time I'm doing the build-your-own hotdog, but overall I like this concept.  Kinky, cute idea you won't find any place else.Don't think this is some cheap hot dog place as 2 gourmet dogs, 2 beers, one fried pickles and one corn dog appetizer with tip came up to $45.  The corn dog appetizer is HUGE, so the son took it to his girl's afterward to share.  The fried pickles were great to me, so I'd come back just for that being the big fried pickle fan that I am....and darn, if it isn't hard to find good ones and these are good! Very good!!!They have a wide variety of canned beers for $3 which was fun to choose.  I got something peachy which was decent.This is a cute place for a date I think, however, I saw people here with little kids and for $8.50 a dog not sure if I would take little ones here.  Another adult, tho, you bet.The food is good, the service was great, the concept is beyond clever considering this place is a little tiny room with a minimum of decor.  Someone who owns this place is mighty clever as a marketer.  I admire them anyway for their creativity if nothing else and taking a very simple product (hot dog) and spiffing them up, serve a few good sides, cans of beer (no glasses, no washing) and charge healthy prices = clever.This one is a "gonna return" to....I really liked it overall alot.
5	I absolutely love the authenticity and creativity in their menu. If you're in the mood for a hotdog, this is the place to go. And don't be afraid to order fried pickles on the dogs, they're delish!
4	I had lunch here with a friend today during the Art Detour. The place was full but they did something really nice and they would put 2 groups of 2 on a 6-top to get us seated faster. It worked out great. Once we were seated, the service was super slow. I think we waited 15 minutes before someone came to take our order. The food was five stars but the slow service took them down a notch.I had the breakfast scramble and oh my goodness it was good - eggs, sausage, cheese, peppers, green chilis, and mushrooms on naan. It was delicious.  My friend had the Igby dog - vegetarian - her favorite. She also had a ginger ale and said it was really good.I'll be back, but probably not when it's so busy.
4	We had such a nice dinner here with my parents. The patio was lovely and the pickle chips were amazing! The hot dogs came wrapped in naan rather than a bun which was pretty rad. If you're looking for a reasonably priced fun local restaurant, give this place a try.
3	Let me start by saying I am a big fan of Short Leash food truck and have been going to it for years. I hadn't made it to the restaurant for whatever reason for a long time, but last Friday (first Friday) I finally went here with the Husband and a friend. Unfortunately, it just didn't stand up to the truck. We sat at the little counter outside that overlooks Roosevelt, which was nice, good for people watching. We ordered our hot dogs and I asked for a drink menu to look over.... well I waited, and waited, and waited and the waitress didn't come back to take a drink order. Someone else delivered our hotdogs... still no waitress to be seen. This brings me to another problem... we had no silverware. I had to eat my side salad with the toothpick that came in the hotdog.... not cool. Meanwhile, my hotdog (the bear) which I have had several times, was not as good as it typically is.... they slathered it in sauce but put barely any popcorn or bacon or cheese on... I don't know, it just wasn't very good. It also wasn't very hot. The salad tasted like it wasn't dressed. It was bland. When I was halfway done with the hotdog we finally were able to wave down the waitress to ask for a drink. Their drinks are well priced, with beer for 3$. Anyway, I gave them 3 stars because I think maybe it just was a bad night to go, being first Friday and all, but I hope they step it up, because this was not what I expected from this place.
4	Wow this place was great!!! The food was DELICIOUS! And I tried a really yummy grapefruit beer, definitely try it! The service was also pretty good! They were very nice people! The outdoor seating was also fabulous! Seriously check this place out
3	++fried pickles, shepherd's pie special, local beer on tap, patio- - currywurst (the worst)Things started out well. There were two of us, and we sat on patio. Waitress couldn't remember everything on tap (only a few) but offered to bring a sample of the type of beer I was interested in. We ordered the fried pickles, which were excellent - sweet pickle, savory batter and dipping sauces. The portion was large for two people (I think four could split it and be satisfied). So many items on the menu sound interesting. I ordered the currywurst.  This was described as knockwurst slow cooked in a tomato & onion curry sauce served in a flatbread bowl with a mixed green side salad. It is basically just as described (except the bread was flat, not in a bowl shape) but it tasted pretty awful. It was like slightly watered down tomato paste with a little onion and sliced hot dog on top of some naan, oh and some curry powder sprinkled on top. The sauce was so thick and plentiful, you could barely see the wurst slices. I ate about half the bread under the sludgy sauce and fished out the wurst. I had to remind the server that brought my dish (not our waitress) that it came with a side salad. It tasted alright, nothing special.The person I was with went with the featured special - shepherd's pie dog. It came with a side of chips. I tasted it and found it to be what I was thought I would get from this place - an unexpected and impressive twist that completely worked. My dining partner wasn't expecting much from the restaurant but was sold upon biting into this. He was already planning a repeat visit. I wish I had ordered this as well, but, b/c this was our first visit, I wanted to try different things in order to get a feel for what was on offer. I really hope the currywurst is the only miss on the menu. I wish I had noticed the other yelp reviewer who panned it and ordered something else. I also wonder if anyone does like this or if the cook just didn't do it right (given it didn't look like the photo short leash has of it on a website and that the salad was forgotten).
3	i guess the shine has come off of this place for me...its still got some decent food but the transition to brick and mortar brings some slow service and (if i am thinking clearly) raised prices for what was already a bit overpriced before. wifes food came out cold after a long wait,on a night that was not over-crowded or anything.so yeah, 3 stars because its not great, but its not bad. now the Pie Hole that is set inside of there on the other hand, ooooh boy i cant say enough good things about them. but thats another review...
5	Maybe I live under a rock, but I had no idea that Roosevelt had so many great restaurants/shops.  We were hungry after a DBacks, game so we stopped in here for a bite and a drink.  It was about an hour until closing, so the place was quite empty.  We sat at the bar, and my hubby ordered a craft beer that even he had never heard of, and I got a cabernet on tap.  I love the tap wine selection; 4 different wines.  There are also 4 craft beer selections.  We ordered the Moki, which was a delectable mix of beans, tomato, mayo, cheese, and a few other yummy items on a bratwurst, all enveloped by the best "bun" I have ever eaten around a hot dog.  It was more like a thick tortilla.   It was warm and soft and pillowy.   The chips that came with it tasted like they had just been made in house.  You better believe that this won't be our last trip to Short Leash!
4	This place was a great environment and had really fun twists on hot dogs! Definitely looking forward to going back! I was bummed that the pies had either coconut or banana in them because they all looked amazing!! Looks like I need to learn to like bananas and coconut...ha!
3	Due to all the rave reviews, I ordered a devil dog to go. When I picked it up at 6 pm there was hardly anyone there and when I called they said it would be less than 5 minutes! Awesome!The restaurant itself was cute. The phone number listed on here is wrong though, the person who answered did kindly redirect me but the owners should fix that. I don't remember what the number was. The hot dog was tasty and the toppings worked very well together but the bun was overwhelming. Wayy too much bread taste and not enough meat and trimmings.
5	I'm a dog lover... and a vegetarian. And I think Short Leash is heaven on Earth!!Stopped here for lunch last week with coworkers who raved about the place. I have heard about their food truck for a long time and couldn't wait to try their veggie dog. I was NOT disappointed!The atmosphere is great... casual and funky. I love the pictures of the dogs by the bathroom wall. My life's goal is to get my dog's pic up there. Even though we dined inside, the patio looks like a great place to have a couple beers and eat a dog WITH your dog.The vast array of toppings makes it a bit challenging to order for an indecisive person such as myself. They have a few specialty dogs that take the guesswork out of it, however I'm pretty picky and found things on each dog I didn't like.I ended up getting *drumroll*... a veg dog with tomatoes, pinto beans, cilantro, and chipotle cream cheese. Winner, winner, chicken dinner!The naan. *Sigh* As an Indian food lover I have had LOTS of naan in my lifetime. This is the BEST naan I have ever had. Light and fluffy. The dog itself was tasty and all the toppings were fresh and abundant.The chips that accompanied it were freshly made and tasty.An eatery that honors people's pooches and gives vegetarians and meat lovers alike a place to get their gourmet hot dogs on? With booze? I think I'm in love.
4	Tasty & Fun.  Service was friendly and great!  I tried the Lady - fried pickles, spicy cream cheese and grilled onions on your choice of dog wrapped in flat bread.  Oh, the fried pickles are sweet, not savory.  Yummy!
1	I waited for about 10 minutes. The hostess looked right at me and walked away. I know I might not be their normal clientele....I mean I had taken a shower that morning and don't have a beard but geez how rude. If you don't look hipster enough be prepared to be treated like crap.
5	Short leash is the best! I love the igby and the lady. I have been going to the food truck for years. Brad and Kat grew an amazing business. I was not very excited when I heard their would be a restaurant because I kind of like having to track down the truck and find them when I have a craving but the restaurant is amazing. I really love the new additions. The pig in a blanket and poka dot mac and cheese is amazing. I also really enjoyed the fried green tomato stack. I don't understand the lukewarm reviews at all. The flat bread they use is amazing, I love that they have many hot dog options (and the veggie dog is amazing), as for the hipster vibe...well it is downtown but I am the farthest from hipster and have never been shunned so maybe something was going on or it was a fluke. I can't imagine anything like that ever happening. In fact, I am someone who gets forgotten. I am shy and I don't tend to talk to people I don't know yet Brad remembered my name, my order, and never stops being polite and accommodating. Back to the food though. If you have not tried short leash you really need to! I don't even like hotdogs but I crave their hotdogs like nothing else. Also, they use local venders for pretty much everything and support our community better than any other business I have seen. It's really refreshing to see.
3	Came here to grab some dogs before the baseball game.  I don't know if it was worth the hype but def a place you need to check out.  Ordered the three most famous dogs.  Moki with bacon, lady and igby.  Get the spicy sausage, that's the tastiest.
5	Not only are the hot dogs so fun and unique the staff is friendly and owners responsive.  We have hit up short leash for a quick dinner a few times and also had them bring the truck to an event for our church.  They were super friendly helpful and served up tasty dogs for our entire group.If looking for a fun dinner with the family or to cater a large group check out Short Leash.
5	Yum.  I'm not a hot dog person.  I can take them or leave them.  But last week, after an evening at Sidebar, we decided to give the location a shot.  (Previously, we had Short Leash Dogs when they catered a friend's wedding.)  Even though they were closing a half hour, service was good and the dogs were (again) delish.
1	I tried the food truck and loved it.  Today,  I looked forward to trying the "Sit and Stay Restaurant" -- they got the "sit" portion down pat!   Around 1 p.m. I sat at the bar hoping to order a beer and one of the special dogs.  To their credit, I was quickly handed a menu and glass of water but that was it.  For twenty minutes, the waitresses moved quickly in and out behind the bar filling water or ducking into the kitchen.  I tried to get their attention and was ignored. I left.Extremely disappointed because the people in the truck were cool, quick and helpful. I won't be back to the restaurant.
4	I came here on a Saturday around noon. There were not a whole lot people here but the service was still slow. I ordered a Miko style to go and it took a long time to wait for the waitress and get my food. But, the hot dog was a BOMB. I loved it wrapped in a pita bread. Next time I will try the naked style to see if its tasty as the same.
5	There isn't single negative thing to say about Short Leash. I'm not a hot dog fan, but I will come here any day. The choices to make your own are limitless... flavorful every single time.
5	Finally went to short leash.  I had been wanting to hit this place up for like a year. Seemed every plan to changed to somewhere else.  But went and had a great meal. The whole menu looked amazing, so hard to choose.  I will have to go back soon.  The people working were really friendly and very attentive.  The location and ambiance is very cool.  The restaurant lies right in the heart of the art district.  I ordered the Lady with bratwurst. Basically, I ordered this one because it had fried pickles on it.  Really wanted to try them but not order an appraiser just for me.  really enjoyed the hot dog on a flat-bread.  I ordered the chips with the dog.  They were really good, but i found they needed a lil flavor added to them or at least salted better. They were very good but only thing I'd change.  Overall a great location to enjoy a dog and a beer.
4	After experiencing the legend that is the Short Leash Dogs food truck, I was excited to try the Sit...Stay Restaurant.  The same popular dogs are available, but the expanded menu is just as good!  On the most recent visit, I had the Fried Green Tomato stack.  As you might guess, it is a stack of fried green tomatoes, with avocados in between each tomato layer and sitting upon a salad of greens, corn, bacon, and possibly some kind of nut.  The whole thing is drizzled with a mayo based dressing.  OH my gosh it was good.  I washed it down with an ice cold coke from a bottle, and supplemented with a couple bites sneaked from my husband's Bear dog on naan.The atmosphere is active and busy, and a little hipster.  Everyone is super friendly and laid back.  Apparently there's pie next door?  We'll have to try that next time!
5	Great spot for a truly unique hot dog. Don't be afraid to try the bear. The combination of cheese, peanut butter, BBQ sauce, bacon and cracker jacks makes for on tasty dog. Impressive selection of local and regional craft beers to top off your meal. Give it a try.
4	We really liked this place a lot. We were introduced to it via the culinary food event  Devoured.  Short Leash Dogs stood out amongst incredible contenders. So, that inspired the 22+ mile trip for a hot dog. We started with the fried pickles. They were good and unique but I was satisfied after two or three and there was a big basket for 6$. I ordered the Oliver with a spicy beer hot dog. When I picked it up, water literally ran out of it for lets say 20 seconds. Too late, my naan was now soggy. Clearly no one even attempted to drain the sauerkraut. The taste was there  and the salad was exceptional.Partner had the Moki. That was divinity wrapped up in a naan. What a crazy good combo of deliciousness on a spicy dog. We would definitely order this puppy again....with a salad. The chips were boring.So we drove 22+ miles, spent $42 on hot dogs (with two delicious tap beers and tip) and will do it again. The restaurant is darling and funky!
5	WOW!! Absolutely blown away with how good these hotdogs are. I'm from Chicago and have been a frequent visitor to SuperDawg, Weiner Circle, and plenty of other great  Chicago hotdog destinations throughout my glutton filled life. Short Leash Hot Dogs blows away these famous Chicago places. I go back to visit Chicago a couple times a year and it won't be as exciting to go back now because half the reason I like going back to visit is so I can stuff my face with Chicago style hotdogs, and I'll be disappointed eating there now because Short Leash is so good.I also enjoyed the little hipster bar set up that they have and also have a good beer selection.Any person who gives this place less than 5 stars should be jailed in Tent City a bit longer than first time DUI offenders. And should also be forced to register as a food offender for the rest of their lives, so the public knows exactly where you food deviants live.
3	This hurt; but 3 stars is being generous.  Don't get me wrong, their food is great, but I spent 45 minutes waiting for my to-go lunch today; and when I walked in the door there were only 3 other people seated.
4	Not the biggest lover of hotdogs, unless it is an Italian sausage with extra spice and or a Sabarette in NYC, I find myself contemplating why I have been wanting to go here for like, well, forever! Okay, at least as long as they opened their non food truck restaurant. It all started at the Neil Gaiman book signing. I am sure he is thrilled to be associated with this new addiction to food truck love. lol. I heard all about Short Leash from my downtown working and Food Truck Foodie friends. Then of course I have to continue to hear about it from all my Yelpie buddies. "Afterwards, The Joy!" They actually open a restaurant. I continue to hear all about it as if people were just rubbing it into my face on purpose. Okay, then what? They joined up with Momma Toledo's Pies too? The horror! Looks like a visit is a must. Finally, they are at the Downtown Revival and dare to not even serve any hotdogs. WHAT? What's up with that? ( In my best SNL singing voice) However, redemption is close by since they offer me and my Foodie Buddy this Fried Green Tomato dish with corn and bacon and a very mild Blue Cheese dressing. It was the most Delish, surprising,"twist treat" of the entire night. (And I hate Blue Cheese) Okay, I am convinced. I promise to go visit their permanent location now.I swing by today after an appointment in the neighborhood. (And to digress, how much do I adore Roosevelt Row? ) I ordered the FGTs of course, again. However, I now have a foodie dilemma. This item is listed as a salad not an App.It is a meal in itself. I was hoping it would be just a small plate App so I could get a dog too. I decide to get both anyway and split the meal as leftovers for tomorrow. I can not see any way out of it. I had to have the FGTs. I dream of those FGTs! lol. I decide to get the pretzel dog too. I am still not brave enough to get the Cracker Jack and Peanut Butter one just yet, although I hear it is "to die" for. Maybe next time. I tell the server that she can bring a box since I will have half now and half for lunch tomorrow. Wishful thinking. Out comes this huge monstrosity of a hot dog smothered in Sauerkraut. I start eating. About half way done I am stuffed. I then look inside the box and did not notice the waitress had already split the meal for me. How sweet of her but seriously? More food. What is on my plate was only half of the dog?YIKES! So instead of two meals I got more like four out of it all. Anyway, the food was great and the service even better. I had a revelation on the drive home. ( Not a surprising one) I am still not a huge hotdog fan, just saying. However, with Short Leash, who knows? It could happen. I most certainly am a new Short Leash and FGTs fan for life now. ;) If you like dogs check it out. I read they even have a Veggie option. Hmmmm, that sounds weird but I heard it is good. See you next time Short Leash. Maybe with a four legged patio dining companion. Did I mention I like the Fried Green tomatoes?
2	It was okay.  Not horribly bad, not awesomely good.  "Meh" about describes it.  My wife is vegetarian.  Not the type who wants a veg meat substitute.  She doesn't like meat period.  The waitress seemed perturbed when my wife asked what was available for her and that she didn't want the veg dog.  Would I go again?  Probably just to get some pie from the Pie Hole next door.
5	My daughter and I went here on thurs the 22 of May after a long day at the children's museum downtown.  What a awesome little place.  I had the German type dog with amazing mustard and sauerkraut.  It came with the freshest, tastiest little salad.  My daughter had the kids hot dog, she loved the pita bread bun.  We  had a great time.  As a bonus the waitress/bartender who was the only one working went out of her way to interact with my 3 year old.  It was around 4 I think and we were the only ones there, the food came out exceedingly fast and fresh.  One slight negative that didn't effect our meal.  The outside patio had the strong smell of liquid gasoline because 2 of their food trucks were parked in the driveway.  I was going to sit out there but the smell was strong as soon as I opened the door, so we sat inside.  Oh yeah the chips are amazing!
5	Delicious- Fried pickles, side salad, braut in pretzel.  Giant portions.
3	It's a down-to-earth hot dog eatery that lets you choose from dozens of toppings.You don't even have to have a plain old dog. Make it vegan. Polish, even. I made mine a brat. Oh, and there's naan (think pita bread, only better) instead of a regular bun.I ordered the "bear", with a very sweet BBQ sauce, peanut butter, and bacon. Sounds weird enough to work! I enjoyed it, even if the toppings outshone the bratwurst itself, probably because it was small and actually kind of bland. Toppings usually complement the meal, but an easy criticism here is how toppings BECOME the meal itself. On the other hand, in an age in which everyone wants to innovate staples like pizza and burgers, they insist on limiting hot dogs. You've got Chicago, Sonora, chili or good ol' ball-park-style traditional. That's it. Short Leash changes that. Also, the house-made chips suck. Half of them were soggy. I won't really hold that against them, though. Overall, Short Leash is doing what most restaurants don't--take ONE very simple concept, and focus on executing it. It's not perfect, but they've got the best hot dog selection in town, so I can't be too hard on them.
5	Just had lunch here with family after morning at the Childrens Museum. Food was great and service was good as well. Great place to take kids of all ages.
1	It seemed like a nice place.  Phoenix PD was eating there, and that's usually a good sign.  However, we waited 10 minutes to have our drink order taken, at which time we decided to flag down one of the two wait staff who had a whopping two other tables to serve.  We ordered our drinks and meal at the same time since we were 1) already done looking at the menu and 2) on our lunch break.  When the food finally came out, the appetizer we ordered came WITH The meal, the salad I ordered as the side with my hot dog looked suspiciously like potato chips, and all three dishes (two meals and an appetizer) were completely lacking any seasoning (including the chips).  There was no salt or pepper on the table, and given the service to this point, I had no confidence we would get it, so didn't even bother to ask.  I did, however, ask for some ketchup to help with the cardboard-tasting chips problem, and the waitress brought  2 TEASPOONS of ketchup in a dipping container.  The food probably ranks a 3 - original combinations, but the execution was terrible. Service is a 0, therefore, 1 star it is.  I, personally, will not be back.
4	Really good, quality hot dogs. However, very pricey for a small-ish meal. Also, not a ton of seating, which is kind of a downer. I would go back for a casual meal when I'm downtown.
5	This place is awesome! I've searched high and low for a great hotdog and they don't disappoint here
2	My daughter and I were excited to come here as we are huge fans of the food truck. We came on a week day afternoon, before it got too hot, and sat on the patio. The venue is small but cool and we will definitely come again. I had the Bear and my daughter had the Lady. We ordered two sides of the fried pickles but the server shared that the restaurant serving size was larger than that of the food truck so we changed to one order to share (kudos to the server!). Sadly, our food did not live up to our experiences with the food truck. Perhaps it was an off day or the hour (late afternoon, between typical lunch and dinner). We both though the flatbread in our dogs was dry and tough and wondered if it had been sitting out. Likewise the fried pickles were off a little and not as crunch nor tart as those we get from the food truck. I am a huge fan of the local beer and they had a good selection and mine was fresh and cold. We have gone to the food truck a number of times since visiting the Sit and Stay location and have continued to be thrilled with the food from the food truck. I am thinking we caught them in the brick and mortar on a bad day or at a bad time. For that reason, and because the customer service was excellent at Sit and Stay, we will definitely be back at least one more time.
5	Finally made it down into this part of town to check out what everyone else was barking about. Really love the Hot Dog and they do a totally different kind of spin on this puppy.The restaurant is in an older building that has been around the block a few times. They definitely did a fine job fixing it up and giving it a nicely revamped interior. It is simple yet modern in a unique way.Ordered the Devil Dog with an all Beef Hot Dog and then a Bear Dog with the Spicy Beer Hot Dog. My eyes were apparently bigger than my stomach and I could barely finish the bear. Lions, Tigers and Bears ... Oh My!The menu has plenty of choices and different ways that you can build your own Dog. They even have several appetizers and some tasty beers on tap when you need to wet your whistle.Both the food and service were delightful. Everyone there was having a great time and even saw plenty of families getting together on my Sunday visit to break Naan.This place is really popular. So popular that I had the special occasion to meet Mr. Laz C and his lovely family at the adjacent table next to me. Noticed he checked in at the same time and had not met him before. Looked around and there he was finishing off his tasty meal. Couldn't resist a quick shout out and a handshake.Bring the family and a good appetite and you will not be disappointed. Parking is a little sparse and the weekend crowd was not too crazy. Most of all don't forget to check in and see who else is there eating at the same time. WUZ UP BRO!4.75 STARS
4	Don't be afraid of The Bear, it's delicious.I only have one bad thing to say about Short Leash: the side salad is crap. It's literally just a bunch of dry lettuce leaves, maybe a little wet from when they were washed. I just put it on my hot dog, because eating it alone was sad. Is it that hard to add a splash of oil and vinegar? I can eat plain lettuce at home. Other than that, I love this place. Again, don't let The Bear scare you. Do it.
2	I finally gave Short Leash another try.I was on my way to the airport one morning and needed to get some breakfast/lunch.Originally, I was planning on going to Matt's, but (of course) it was extremely busy and chaotic.Since Short Leash was only a few blocks away, I decided to give them a shot.What a mistake that was.First of all, why does it feel like they have no air conditioning?  I'm always so f**king hot in this place.  Blah.  When I'm eating food, I don't like to be sweating.I wanted to try a few of their breakfast items, so I chose their version of breakfast dogs, which is essentially brats/sausages dipped in batter and deep fried.  This dish came with a tiny thimble of maple syrup and a European espresso cup filled with fried, crispy home fries.  I didn't mind that they were nearly unrecognizable due to being overly fried.  They were seasoned well and adequately compensated for the miserable breakfast corn dog.  When I bit into the "breakfast dog," it immediately began to separate into two unique meals: an unappealing and seemingly undercooked, pale brat/sausage and a soft, pancake-like batter that had been deep fried until it loosely wrapped itself around said meat-on-a-stick.Blech.  They serve you two of these things for about $8.00.  I took a few bites and decided that the remainder should deservedly be tossed in the garbage.For the second item, I chose their version of "chicken and waffles," which is a misleading title, because it doesn't represent the traditional meal.Instead, Short Leash serves you a large, dense waffle that has been daintily topped with minuscule amounts of syrup and butter, sliced in four separate pieces, and arranged messily next to a fried habanero chicken sausage.With this dish, I enjoyed the chicken sausage, though it was a little too spicy.  Why the hell would anyone think that it's a good idea to put habanero peppers inside a sausage?  Why not just keep things simple and flavorful?  When I'm eating breakfast, I don't want to feel like I am participating in a spicy foods contest.The waffle was another story.  To put it bluntly, it was awful.  It was everything you don't want a waffle to be: thick, dense, heavy, rubbery...   It would have served as an excellent flotation device, because it didn't appear to be capable of soaking up ANY liquid, creating miniscule pools of butter and syrup on the surface.  Meanwhile, the waffle just smugly sat there on my plate, daring me to take another bite.  Fortunately, I prevailed and resisted further attempts to digest this seat cushion.Honestly, folks, I don't know why you like this place.  Nothing about it is enjoyable, except for the cute waitress.It's overpriced, the food is mediocre, and the interior temperature is always at an uncomfortable level.Why keep going back here and continue giving this place rave reviews?  Obviously, I don't get it, but I'm not going to punish myself anymore.These Dogs should definitely be kept on a Short Leash and not allowed to roam free, unleashing their disastrous culinary creations on unsuspecting patrons.A sign should be posted out front that reads: "Beware of Dog."
5	Place is very modern and inviting. The devil dog with a brat was amazing! It's delivered on a pita flat which was also very tasty. Jalepenos and peppers mixed with the cheese was almost too good. Service was prompt and friendly. Tea was fresh, firing on all cylinders. If you find yourself downtown or on Roosevelt Row, stop in. Oh, and the price is WAY too low, I expected my meal to be at least 20, nope 9 bucks. The tip I'm sure made up for it.
5	I've been dying to try this place ever since I visited their booth at the Devoured Food and Wine Festival. After a busy afternoon, a girlfriend and I decided to go by for lunch today. So glad we did! When we came by the place was empty, and we got immediate service. Our server was very nice and made sure to point out the featured hotdog for the day, which was an Italian sausage with bolognese sauce . We ordered one, as well as the Oliver to share. So good! It was easy enough to split each hotdog for sharing, and we each got the delicious chips. We both also enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly staff. My only complaint was the sangria, which was good, but $8 for a very small glass. Overall, this was a great place to eat and I can't wait to come back!
4	For all you haters out there. Go on ahead and hate. For every person that's not a fan of this fine establishment, there are 5 more that love it. It's science. The great thing about the sit down restaurant from Short Leash is the beer. I mean really. What goes better with that all American dog than a frosty cold American style IPA from a local brewery? Uh... Not a damn thing! Plus this place has appetizers and a dollar on the wall. Can you get that from your other hot dog place? I think not! It's great for groups, as long as you're not a group of buttheads. Or a super large group. Ain't nobody got time for that... Only thing you should definitely be aware of is that the price is a tad higher than if you ordered the same thing from the truck. So I always try and stray from my usual and venture out onto the rest of the menu. I have yet to try breakfast but I will soon!
4	I've been wanting to visit their brick and mortar for a while know and finally had the chance last week. It's exactly what I expected, a cute little shop with tons of local flare. TONS. I already knew going in that I wanted the Bear, but there were so many other tempting things on the menu (Sweet Republic ice cream, Mama Toledo's pies, their new donuts and fritters!!). The service was great and I enjoy their homemade chips. We opted to try a donut before we left, I had the cinnamon sugar and my friend had the orange and pistachio one. I had no idea what brioche donuts were and I learned that they are much thicker/denser than your typical donut. They'd go great with a cup of coffee or tea. I with these guys the best of luck, especially since they just opened up another location.
5	Had the bear dog, Scotch eggs, and on a separate visit I had the Moki dog, and my wife had the crispy dog breakfast. I have to say, the Moki is my favorite so far. It reminds me of a Sonoran dog like down in Tucson, very tasty. The crispy dog breakfast is also excellent. And I've never had scotch eggs before, but I highly recommend it as an appetizer. Overall great food and friendly service. 5 stars :)
5	The atmosphere has a cool vibe and the bathrooms are super clean! As for the food, I don't eat piggies but the veggie dog is very good. Oh and don't forget to bring a pic of your dog, puppy, pooch:)
5	Omg...I finally came here! Man I was super excited coming to experience what all my help friends have been talking about. A hot dog...yes a hot dog...not what you would ever expect. These dogs are art!  From the min I walked into the restaurant I find a small table and grabbed a menu look at all the options. Mac n chees dog or the Bear with peanut butter?? After suggestions from the server she tells me I have to try the Bear because it's their famous dog. Wow I'm glad I did!!  The best hot dog I've ever had in my life. I'm a huge fan of peanut butter, but I was a little worried about the BBQ sauce and cheese, but nope.. Tasted amazing together. I can't wait till I can come back for another one!The rest if the dogs also looked good. Plus they serve local beers too.  Overall Short Leash is amazing. I'm going to make this my must stop when I'm in downtown.
5	I love the hot dogs from the hot dog truck so I had to try out their Short Leash restaurant. And it's amazing!!! The food is still awesome! They even have delicious donuts too. But what sets this place apart from any other place i have ever been to is the fact that even though this place is so busy one of the owners, Brad, still remembers me and makes my experience personal and not just like another customer.
4	Dear short leash, I am a supporter of all things short leash.  I bring everyone that comes to town to devour your awesome dogs...and the corn dog bites with a beer are the best afternoon snack on a hot day.However, I cannot support the donut effort.  The donuts have to go back from whence they came.  Good idea. Good flavor combos. Bad execution.  If any, work on the dough part of the nut.  It just doesn't taste right.  Toppings aren't bad, at least the orange one that I tried...but alas did not finish, as the rest of it (all that was not topping) just couldn't happen in my world.  Please work on the dough and try again. I really want to support the donut.  It is chewy and odd and sour-ish and leaves a horrid aftertaste on the buds,  and just all-around not very nice...kind of like weird yeasty, sourdough bread dough that had been deep fried. In the mean time, I will stick you your amazing dogs.
5	Anyone who knows me knows that I love going to Short Leash. The food is incredible and creative. The owners are genuinely nice people. The new dessert donuts are amazing as my husband gets one each time.
2	NO VALUE. The brat was tasty and very small. The pretzel bun was a little dry. It is more of a role than a bun, so you will be eating it with a knife and fork. There are too many places around town to get great food for what they are charging. I will be going to Schreiner's Sausage Co. for their brown bag special for half the price. They buy their hotdogs from Schreiner's.
5	A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  This seems to be consistent from visit to visit.  They have great tasting hot dogs and brats with a wide variety of toppings all for about $6 to $7 per dog.I would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy!
2	It's just ok. Nothing spectacular. The taste is ok, the serving is small, for the size it's really pricey... The naan bread kind of keeps the hot dog and toppings neat but since the dog is so small it makes it super bready. TIP: order the chicken sausage. Skip everything else. I don't recommend anything from this place. It lacks flavor, especially their tasteless homemade chips. Skip that too. Yes, just skip this place period. Best tip ever =)
5	Stopped by on a Friday at 9:30. I am not the biggest hot dog fan of all time, but wanted to try it after reading the reviews. I'm a plain kind of girl, so I got the build your own with regular hot dog, cheddar, raw onion, ketchup and mustard. Now, this may seem plain and boring to you, but to me, it was the best hot dog I've ever had!! I think the naan bread puts it over the top. The chips were quite delicious, too. I got a ballast point pale ale that was very good with the hot dog. The person I was with got the goat cheese salad and said it was very good. Our waitress was great and attentive. Highly recommended!!
3	I'm always down with hot dogs..................Decided to come down here to check this place out.  I had read about it on Yelp and it sounded right up my alley.  I grabbed a parking spot about 100 feet away, walked in and took a seat.  I browsed over the menu for a bit and decided to place my order for 2 dogs.  I went with an All Beef "Lady" and I went with one of their specialties "The Bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel". You get your choice of chips or salad so I chose one of each as my sides.   I had water to drink (they hook you up with a huge jug of water on your table...awesome!)  A few minutes later, my food came out.  Here is how everything shook out.........................Bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel ($9.50)-  Um....interesting?  This is more of a sandwich type entree instead of a hot dog per say.  A knife and forker for sure.  I dug in and honestly, was not that impressed.  They pile a huge mound of sauerkraut, bacon, onions and mustard onto their pretzel roll.  Somewhere in there was a bratwurst ;-).  This thing was too jumbled and messy.  The bratwurst was super small....reminded me of a breakfast sausage.  It was just decent.  I did not really like their pretzel roll either.  It was too light and airy and I prefer my pretzel breads to be dense and chewy.  It wasn't horrible, but I would never get it again.  The Lady- ($8.50)-  Winner!  With their regular dogs, you get to choose what kind of tube steak you want.  Regular, All Beef, Bratwurst, Polish, Beer Hot, Veggie or Chicken.  I went with the All Beef.  This "dog" (they are served on flat bread...kind of like half naan and half pita...it worked well) came with chipotle cream cheese, fried pickles and sauteed onions.  An odd combo but I'll be damned if it didn't work perfectly.  The dog itself snapped when you bit in, had great flavor and was rather large.  The chipotle cream cheese was damn spicy and it melted down into a sauce like consistency.  The fried pickles were perfect and the onions were plentiful.  The whole combo of flavors worked well.  If I ever come back, I would get this again.  It was a really really good dog.  They give you some homemade potato chips too.  They were pretty darn delicious.  It's a decent sized portion too.Service was excellent!  The 2 ladies that helped me out were super friendly and all smiles.  3 stars because of two things.  The price was ridiculous.  $18.00 for 2 hot dogs is nuts.  I could go to my favorite hot dog joint, get 3 sausages, a drink and fries for around $16 bucks.  This meal was JUST 2 dogs.  My Andrew Jackson frowned when I told him what he was being exchanged for.  The other reason was that the Bratwurst dog just wasn't impressive.   The "Lady" dog on the other hand, was excellent.  If I had just gotten that by itself, I might rate this a star higher.  Cool concept and extremely friendly staff....just too dang expensive for my taste!
3	Dogs were a bit over hyped IMO. Portillo's being my standard, I thought their meat was good, but their toppings are a bit excessive. I like the pita bread/tortilla idea and it was good, but I suppose it's more of a novelty thing, and I like the traditional bun. Next time I'll try their pretzel dog. I had the Moki, and reminded me of a chili cheese dog.The thing that bumps them up a half star if i could is their fried pickles. Id come in any day for an order of those bad boys
4	I've been to the truck before, but never inside the purple building next to the Phoenix Jazz hotspot The Nash. I had a sort of vegetarian breakfast with the green chile cheese grits, the home fries and an egg. The meal was great, well-cooked and just greasy-spoon enough for me to enjoy without feeling like I was about to birth some other-worldly creature. The decorations inside are cool, one might call them industrialized-modern like many of the other new spots popping up around the downtown area. I'm fine with that. They also had Chainbreaker from Deschutes Brewery on tap, big plus in my book. It was clean and well-lit. Nothing really out of the ordinary as far as hot dogs go, it's worth mentioning that you can get anything you might get on the truck here, as well as a bevy of other options that aren't available on the truck. Definitely worth a try for lunch or maybe a super-casual dinner.
5	I think it might be puppy love! The fried green tomato stack is the kind of dish I'll start to crave. There are enough elements like corn, avocado, and tomato that I can convince myself that it is healthy even though I'm eating something deep fried with bacon and a blue cheese dressing. Holy crap, I just don't care. I'll spend my days dreaming about you until we can meet once more. The atmosphere is inviting and clean and don't forget to check out the wall of furry friends that's by the bathrooms before you leave.
5	My friend and I came into Short Leash on Wednesday night to grab dinner before her tattoo appointment at Golden Rule. We only had about 15 minutes to get our food and eat. We asked if they could make it happen that quick, and they did. We were served by a really nice tall guy with a full beard and tattoos. He made sure that we got our food, our check, and out the door in time to make her 6pm appointment. His service was great, and the food was delicious. I only regret that I didn't have more time to savor my hot dog. I'll definitely be back when I have more time to enjoy!
5	This place is great! I love hot dogs and I really liked that this place serves them a little different than I have had before. The icing on the cake for me was the strawberry cheesecake doughnut that they recently started making. WOW.... make sure you save room for that.
4	Great fried pickles! So as a vegetarian, the veggie dog is pretty disappointing. It's so small, it gets lost in the toppings and the naan. They really need to find an alternative. If they had a better veggie dog, the concept is fun so I would probably have given them a 5 star review. Other than the dog, their fried pickles were awesome, and we had great service. I also indulged and had an orange glazed pistachio donut.... AMAZING!
5	Delicious! The Bear is a must try, Crispy Dogs are great and the Weekly Feature is always a good bet
4	In my opinion the difference between rating Short Leash Hot Dogs 5 stars versus my rating of 4 stars is the price. Your meal costs about $12 when you order a premium dog which comes with a salad or chips and no drink plus tip.I've had a few items. First of all I am not a corn dog fan but I loved their Corn Dog Bites appetizer for $7. Kudos to Amy H. & Lisa E. for ordering that! Dip it in mustard and you will be very happy.I've ordered the Bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel which is paired with sauerkraut laced bacon. It's awfully good. But my favorite has to be Sunny. Sunny consists of grilled seasonal fruit, prosciutto, mixed greens, goat cheese, honey & cracked pepper served on naan with a chicken wiener. This was so unbelievably good. I really don't see myself ordering anything besides the Sunny when I visit Short Leash Dogs. Did I mention the side salad? It's very tasty and with the right amount of vinaigrette.Finally, Let's talk parking. Just park on the street that is North of the restaurant. There is parking next to Short Leash but it fills up by noon.
4	Love this place! What a cute little laid back spot to have lunch on a Sunday afternoon. My family and I really enjoyed ourselves. I really like how they serve water out of the glass bottles. The fried pickles were delicious as well as the hot dogs. Very fresh food. The prices are a little high but worth every penny.
5	Best Hot Dog I have had in Phoenix. I like to think of myself as a Hot Dog Connoisseur and I would give this place a perfect score. We had the food truck version and the service and food was great. We will be coming back for more!
5	Love short leash!The restaurant is very cute inside.The fried pickles are amazing. The hot dogs are good and I love that they are on Naan bread. I always get the lady kind..We usually will go here when we are downtown for a baseball game. However, I wish they had a location in North Phoenix. Would recommend to all for a casual night out on the town.
4	We stopped in here for the first time on First Friday, so it was quite busy, but that is to be expected. We just got drinks, but perused the food menu as well. They have a wonderful beer selection with lots of IPAs. The bartender was very good and attentive. Their food looks excellent and we are a fan of the food truck, it just strikes me as a little expensive for hot dogs. We will definitely go back to try the food soon though.
4	Leash Hot Dogs has been around forever. Why? Because it's good, and unusually cheap (in price, not food that is). Get a Recession special (which has been raised to $ from $1.99) w/ the Banana Daiquiri, it comes with two hot dogs. Now that's not bad at all. And the hot dogs are excellent, some of the best I've ever had. It's a West Side phenomenon that you shouldn't miss.
4	I love this place. New favorite. Good beer, great veggie dogs and a really nice patio.
5	Best fried pickles ever. I swear there's something addictive in the batter because I need them at least once a week.
2	Just can't wrap myself around this place. I tried the truck and the restaurant a total of 4 times.....no buns, no like. It's a creative idea to use a tortilla-like pocket for the dogs but it just doesn't cut it. I'd rather eat street dogs.Service last time was poor. Waitress seemed to be inconvenienced.
4	"The noblest of all dogs is the hot-dog; it feeds the hand that bites it. " - Lawrence J. Peter.After having Short Leash numerous times at events around the valley, I finally gotten around to visiting their place and boy am I full!  Strolled in today after a dramatic parking adventure with Linh L. and we ordered a delicious meal.  Between the two of us, we had a root beer, a ginger ale, corn dog bites, the Igby, and the Sunny.  Our bill came out to about $30 before tip for the both of us.  Admittedly, it's a bit of a splurge for wieners on naan bread but hey, it's Friday, I paid my student loans, and I wanted some good eats.  It's always good eats with Short Leash!  The Bear caught my eye but I was thinking I wanted something with some greens.  That Sunny... pure bliss.  It had pear with some honey, prosciutto, goat cheese, arugula, cracked black pepper, with a chicken wiener on fluffy warm naan bread.  Savory-sweet [with a hint of bitterness from the arugula]  wins me over every time.  I think it's more than just puppy love...Other yummy items that have crossed these lips:  The Bear, Mac Daddy, fried pickles, jalapeno poppers, the pimento cheese dip, and the brat-stuffed pretzel.  Yum!  Try to save room for their dessert items.  If I didn't feel like passing out right on the spot from that food coma, I would have loved to split the orange-glazed and pistachio doughnut or the maple and candied bacon.  Gimme gimme!  More reason to arrange lunch again with some friends, right?  *cough, hint, cough* Mike W., Laz C., Brett B., Melodie C., Meghan L., and Linh L.
5	This place is full of delicious combinations of joy and hot dogs. Fried pickles were other worldly. Great service!
1	Caught them on an off moment or something..I ordered lime soda, and a lady with a bleu cheese side salad. Received lemon, and a lady with a vinaigrette side salad..but that didn't matter, because I never got a fork to eat it with. By the time she came back, I had eaten the average hot dog concoction, built on naan, with indecipherable flavors that didn't taste like the description. I mentioned the dressing error, and no fork thing and asked for only the check. She runs in the back trying to remake the salad, or repair the error, which took another 5mins. I throw $15 on the table, hoping that will cover it, and start to leave..she comes out with salad in hand, still no check..maybe a food truck is the best bet.
4	I liked this joint; good beer, really interesting menu (I had a spicy dog with peanut butter, bacon, and Gouda cheese) fine prices and a really nice waitress. The time of service was lackluster, but we were outside and it was a beautiful day. Cool joint.
3	Um. It was just ok. In all fairness I am not a huge hot dog fan but I was with my 3 year old and he is a hot dog fan so we tried it out. I got The Lady. Chipotle cream cheese, grilled onions, and fried pickles. It was too spicy for me (I am a wimp when it comes to spicy stuff anymore). The naan bread wassoft and good. My boy got corn dogs from the kids menu and he loved it. Not sure if the kettle child are made fresh but they were good. The greens that came with my dog were actually the yummiest part of the meal :)We got some of the donuts to take home to my other sons. They had a different taste and texture I can't put my finger on but they were good.  It was just ok for me.
4	What a nice little surprise in Downtown Phoenix! I stopped here on a whim for lunch, and didn't even check Yelp 1st! I know, quite unusual from me, so yes, I was a little nervous! hahaSmall place with a full bar and huge beer list! Whats the story here? Gourmet-Simple Sausages! They have 3 types of Sausage(Beef Brat, Hot Beer Sausage, Chicken Sausage) served on a piece of Naan(Indian flatbread) They offer about 10 of their own creations as far as topping combos, but they also have a Build Your Own option with probably 25 different toppings to choose from. I decided to go for their Special of the Day(Week maybe) which was Bleu Cheese, Bacon, Arugula. And chose the Hot Beer Sausage. It was delicious! Great flavor from the bacon and sausage, and the bleu cheese just brought it all together. They also have another specialty here, Insane Donuts with a kiss of artistic flair! I was so tempted by the dessert menu that I went for an Apple Fritter with caramel! It didn't disappoint at all! While I was leaving, I noticed they also have a Food Truck! Actually, 2! One looked to be Donuts only and the other was much larger and seemed to be their Mobile Sausage Delivery Unit for the hungry people of Phoenix! Check this place out if you want a modern twist on the age old Cased Meat!
5	Great hot dogs. I love the way they come up with new ideas on old classics. It all started with the food truck and the restaurant is just that much better. Jon well done!
4	I came to Short Leash with my boyfriend on Friday night. We had been before, but only for the beer, as part of the Ale Trail months ago. This time, we already had a few beers in us but were stoked to try some hot dogs. Short Leash did not disappoint!As mentioned by other Yelpers, the vegetarian dog isn't spectacular--however, I am always just happy that there IS a vegetarian option, and that it's available as any menu item. So nice! I had the Lady, which our server recommended, and it was so delicious. Those deep-fried pickles really get me, you know? My boyfriend had the Mac Daddy, and he couldn't stop talking about it. Seriously, the next morning he was still telling me about it and I kept having to remind him that I was there. Overall, awesome food, awesome beer, AWESOME service. I left a note for our server, Amanda, and after the large Chainbreaker I had, I think it read like a love note; hopefully I didn't scare her, because we will absolutely be back!
5	I didn't believe hot dogs could be this good! This is a unique twist that sounds interesting to say the least and ends up being amazing. I had my doubts and now will be a regular! I had the lady with fried pickles and cream cheese and other goodies all on naan and chips that were fresh, homemade and I want another! They have a good selection of interesting combinations and dogs including a vegetarian one, a spicy brat, etc. I had fried green tomatoes from their food truck once as well and they were great. service was quick and friendly, prices are worth it, the place is small but has charm. Great location and we were able to find parking right down the street not to far. I have been twice now and had the lady both times because it was so good but I will venture to other combinations soon!
4	First time  buyers.  Menu  is limited but lots of condiments.  Tried their polish dog it was a little pricy. The dog was tasty and we added so  added extra hot sauce. We would try again
2	I hate to do it, but I had to come back an re-review based on recent unfortunate events. :( I really like Short Leash. The food is good and local, the service is great, I love how they've improved the little corner they're on that so desperately needed it.. BUT, recently they have been involved in parking wars that have lead to VERY unfair treatment of one of the local non-profit businesses which has been here for more than a decade and serves one of the most critically in-need populations in Phoenix. The treatment and descrimination is very, very disappointing to say the least and I cannot with a clear conscience patronize Short Leash again until the parking issues are fairly resolved.
4	wow.  chili-mac & cheese hot doge. wow. so delight. such donuts. wow v amaez ice tea.  such wow water bottle v glass so blue wow. wow amaze staff.  Also wow. So taste. So doge. wow so hot doge. very doge. much flavor. very yum. pls toast the naan tho.wow.
5	Great atmosphere! The designer of this shop is really creative.. this shop matches perfectly with the downtown Phoenix look and vibe! Get the Bear hot dog.. peanut butter, bbq sauce, gouda, bacon, kettle corn.. So bomb!
5	This place is on point. The staff is really friendly and warm. You feel like your part of the short leash family when you're there. My favorite dog is the bear with a veggie dog. So good! I also love that they have great beers on tap! Will definitely come back!
4	Tried this place twice. Hot dogs = good. Little pricy but gourmet hot dogs so I guess thats okay.Chips = both times tasted like burnt potatoes. Service is great.
3	Short Leash Hot Dogs is a very clever concept. With the number of emplyees it indicates a very popular restaurant. This has me thinking my disappointment either is because I didn't order the right food or my tastes differ. Fried Pickle appetizer was very good.I found the Bacon Cheddar Brat pricey, not warm and uninteresting. The potatatoes were no better. Coffee Cake Donut was no better. The bill with tip seemed pricey at $28.20
