4	Okay.. so I'm one of those people who loves taking a chance and trying grand openings. Humble Pie is one of this places Ive been waiting for since I read about it a year and a half ago. So today was their first public opening so with a spray of cologne and some plastic we were on our way!Let me tell you up front, this place is going to be packed for a while. We arrive around 6:30 pm and not a table to be had so we opted to sit at the bar. We had a pretty good vantage of the whole place.. from the warming boxes at the front to the wine cellar on the far part of the restaurant (I want one of those!). The space looks like it's not quite finished but you can tell and feel that the space is going to be very comfortable. To start they offer wine flights, oh yeah honey.. thats what I'm talking about! Nothing like a nice heady wine buzz to get things started. Pouring over the menu was pretty easy.. there are a handful of apps, salads and pizza's. I started with the Grilled Steak Salad.. this salad is very good though the addition of some cheese would sent it over the top! We also ordered the Humble Caprese.. you know when your toes start to curl when you're about to uh, uhm.. well, ya know.. its sort of like that! Super creamy mozzarella, roasted cherry tomatoes on the vine.. it doesn't get much better, simple, clean and flavorful.Pizza's.. Schreiners Sicilian Sausage with roasted Fennel.. Wild Mushrooms and Pancetta.. to start the crust.. light, slightly crisp, chewy, slightly salty in a good way.. for me, the crust here was nothing short of perfect.. it held the ample toppings nicely and of a nice chew and balance with the flavors of the topping. Sausage and Fennel was great plus nothing like sourcing locally! The Mushroom and Pancetta was a nice balance of earthy mushroom varieties and crispy salty pancetta. The mozzerella on the pizza's was the same heavenly pillow used on the Caprese.. beware, addictive!We also received a mistake pizza of Pepperoni Pizza.. apparently we were in the right place at the right time since the guy next to us liked his mistake pizza (no sauce) so we were happy to take it off the waiters hands!  I'm not a fan of pepperoni, usually it's greasy limp and fatty. The pepperoni was crisp and well, I could eat one of these for breakfast!  I'm glad that kitchen had a few kinks to work out, this was a great mistake.On to the desserts.. we tried the Olive Oil Gelato as well as the Fresh Berry Crostada. Having had Olive Oil Gelato at a place in LA called Mozza I was hoping that Humble's version would be better. It didn't disappoint! A very light taste of good olive oil surrounded in a creamy well textured gelato.. I would order this one over and over again! The Crustada was well done and since berries are in season this made for a nice treat.So me and the Mister very much liked this place and want to fall in love.. so right now we are in the infatuation period.. we went ahead and made a reservation for tomorrow night.. I have plans on chowing down a Shrimp, Barrata pizza and or course, that marvelous pepperoni.
3	This place was good, but not great. And expensive, too, for my taste.But, I went there with a group for lunch and wasn't sure what to expect.The pizzas are not pies at all, but rather small and on a thin crispy crust.From azcentral: "The 10 pizzas ($10-$12) are personal size, about 10 inches. They range from the simple Margherita (tomato, fresh mozzarella, basil) and pepperoni to more fanciful pies topped with wild mushrooms, pancetta, red onion and mozzarella or prosciutto, pears, arugula and gorgonzola."Again, it was good, but not great. I would imagine that one of these pizzas and a good glass of wine, which they have a large selection of, would make for a nice evening of food, wine and conversation.
4	The husband and I dined there on its second night.  We normally wait a couple weeks before we try out a new restaurant, but we live in the neighborhood, so we decided, "Why not?"  We got there around 6:45pm and got a table right away.  I had never heard of burrata so I had to see what is was about.  For appetizers, we ordered the caprese.  Omg.  The burrata was so delicious.  The creamy texture of it was so amazing.  And the tomatoes!  They are McClendon Farms tomatoes and they were heavenly.  Juicy and bursting of flavor.  It was if they just picked it outside.  My husband had their steak salad.  The steak was tender and juicy and he really liked the fresh greens and vinaigrette.  I ordered the shrimp + burrata pie. I liked the dough -- crispy on the outside and doughy on the inside (the way I like it).  The shrimp was fresh and I love the hints of lemon zest and spicy red pepper flakes.  We also had the olive oil gelato.  Delicious and the olive oil taste was very subtle.The prices are a little high for a pizzeria, but if they keep using fresh produce from McClendon Farms, I will gladly pay for the quality.
3	casual lil pizza joint in scottsdale. the pizza selection was pretty good. we ordered a potato pizza with bleu cheese and a shrimp pizza. both were pretty good, thin crust, nothing amazing though. the waiter was pretty slow...but they opened not too long ago, so i assume they're still working out all of the kinks. i would rather hit up bianco, la grande orange or sauce.
3	Humble Pie didn't quite hit my expectations for a gourmet pizza place, unfortunately nothing too rousing. We had the calamari and the pesto sauce that went with that made for a nice accent. The wild mushroom pizza had a fine earthiness, but it was more crust than toppings, short on sauce -- for $14 small pizza, they shouldn't scrimp on what gives the pie flavor. They did have a decent wine by the glass selection, and I had a velvety Pinot. Staff was young and eager, speedy service, but I found the overall ambience a bit sterile.
2	Overall totally average...Pizza and salad while using quality ingredients is boring and dare I say skimpy!  I mean I was seated at the counter once at lunch because the hostess said all the tables were reserved(at lunch?) well barely a quarter of the tables were occupied by the time I left..but I digress..so I am at the counter and this guy who is not wearing gloves and has extremely hairy arms and knuckles is kneading the dough and literally counting out the toppings he is placing on the pizza..Really gross..put on some gloves already. The people who make the salads wear gloves and they barely touch the food!  It is also very loud...in a I can't hear the other person kind of way.  So many better places but if you are curious try it and send in your review..I'll be @ Nello's or having Rosati's deliver
4	This is my first review!! Anyway... Humble Pie. My co-worker and I went for lunch today after reading the mixed reviews on here, and I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. I love Pizza, and if it was socially acceptable for me to eat it for every meal, I really would; I think that Humble Pie definitely meets my standards. We sat outside on the patio, which normally I would love, accept for the mister/fan system combo, which made my straight- but naturally curly hair- frizz up in seconds. I was surprised to see the place relatively empty for 12:15 during the week, but I guess it's still "new." Our server, a young guy, greeted us right away with glasses of water, and had our other drinks to the table in seconds. Note to Humble Pie: if you leave the sweetener packets on the mystified tables- the sugar clumps together and doesn't come out of the packets! We ordered the Chopped Vegetable Salad to start and it was amazing! Not heavy, a little tangy, a great mixture of veggies (Asparagus, white beans, cherry tomatoes'), and the cheese was amazing! I'm a big fan of the chopped lettuce! Next, we shared two Pizza's: Chicken Pesto with Leaks and the other was a simple Margahrita. Both, were very good! The mozzarella was fresh, the tomato sauce on the Margarita was tangy and smooth, and the Chicken on the Pesto Pizza was moist and delicious! Everything was seasoned perfectly and the crust had the perfect amount of crunch. The pizza's are small, so I walked away feeling very satisfied and definitely wanting to go back! I bet at night this place is going to be packed! Hurray for Humble Pie!!
4	Very well done Humble Pie!I had dinner here on Wednesday night and absolutely loved it. The salads are perfect, and the pizza is just incredible - wood fired with a lot of unique toppings (potato, clams, etc.). The pizzas are the perfect size for two to share, and leave you just enough room to try their eclectic appetizers.Beautiful atmosphere at night. I'm not sure how other reviewers are calling it casual? I haven't heard of too many 5-star pizzerias - this is about as nice as they come... It's definitely a pizzeria and wine bar, with lots of wine to choose from, and really a nice bar area for happy hour.They also have a climate controlled patio which is gonna pay off in the summer. The chairs and stools may be the most comfortable my bum has landed on.It's not the BEST pizza I have ever had - but it's damn close, and it's also damn close to my house :)
3	My friend suggested we try this new pizza place in the Hilton Shopping Center on Scottsdale Rd. for our regular Sunday night dinner.  I love trying new restaurants, and so off we went.  Upon entering, we saw a cute restaurant with a great indoor/outdoor bar, plenty of outdoor seating and inside tables with comfortable chairs.The appetizers (green beans with mustard and crispy french fries) were delicious, the chopped salad was refreshing, but nothing to write home about, and we ordered three pizzas (margharita, pepperoni, and shrimp)  All were yummy, toppings were good, dough was great, but I felt like they skimped a little with the toppings.  The crust was very wide and so I felt like half the pizza was more like a bread stick.I would go back again, but maybe only for happy hour (half price wines and beers, maybe some appetizers) but felt for the dinner price, the pizza didn't live up to my desires.
3	I was disappointed with Humble Pie... even though it was take-out. Ordered three pizzas, the Organic Local Vegetable, Margherita and the the Wild Mushroom (w/o pancetta) and was very underwhelmed. 3 stars for the bubbly crust, but honestly deserves 2, if that, for toppings and sauce. I couldn't understand what was local about the Organic Local Vegetable pizza, as there were a few onion slices, Mexican squash and red bell pepper. I will be trying other pizza options other than Humble Pie when craving decent pizza.
4	It is a bit expensive - I mean it's pizza for God's sake.  Beyond that though I enjoyed the food there.  The pizzas are BIANCOesque even down to very similar toppings.  For me it was about as good as Bianco without the ridiculous wait. Good place to kick back with good friends.
4	I review a lot of pizza places because pizza is my favorite food, especially wood fire pizza.  After we went to a lovely afternoon fashion show the 6 of us decided we needed some food to dilute all the alcohol we consumed.  I drive by this place on my way home from work every day so I suggested it. Only one other table was occupied when we arrived, which was probably a good thing since we were a little loud.  Gary and I both had pizza, he a potato and gorgonzola (which I did not try because I think gorgonzola is terrible).  He loved it and ate every last bite. I had the margherita pizza with fresh mozzarella, basil and added prosciutto.  Their tomato sauce was sweet and smooth and just wonderful!  The pizza crust was charred just the right amount and had those pockets of air dough that I love tearing apart (or sticking my finger into).Gary had a vodka martini and he said it was smooth and potent, a winning combination. This place will definitely be one of my revolving pizza choices.
4	I love the use of lemon zest to lighten up a pizza especially as the weather gets warmer.  There was a light sprinkle of it on my clam pie even though it was not mentioned in the menu and it was also on the shrimp pie as well as the olive oil gelato in a candied version.  The clam pie was a little disappointing - I was hoping for something like the ones I've tasted in NYC.  Clams are such subtle things that more needs to be used and I would not mind paying a few more dollars for that.Our disappointment was quickly redeemed by the wonderfully refreshing and  balanced flavor of the shrimp pie.  The combination of perfectly cooked crunchy shrimp, basil, chili flakes and lemon zest set off fireworks on every part of my palate.  It's something I would definitely go back for.  The pizza crust has a great contrast of crunch as well as chewiness which reminds me of the crust at Mozza in LA but it does not have the complexity in flavor of Chris Bianco's.  Bianco's probably uses a starter dough that has developed that amazing flavor due to over a decade of use.  That's tough to beat.The olive oil gelato has a nice creaminess to it but tasted more like sweet cream base with a hint of lemon than olive oil.  My only problem with it was my expectation to taste olive oil but now that I know it's more about the texture, I think I like it more.
4	I'm a fan of humble pie.  But strictly for the pies cause I'm way too cheap to spend $7 for a side of fries.  I love the charred sourdough flavor of the crust here.  It's a great choice for when I don't have 2 hours to invest in waiting for Pizzeria Bianco or deal with the crazy parking at LGO.One thing I don't get here is the olive oil gelato.  I'll take it on faith that they actually put a drop or two of olive oil in there, but I can't freaking taste it.
4	Odd name for a pizza with several out of the ordinary choices.  For a starter, grilled corn along with a half price Monday Italian Pinot Grigio wine.  The two color corn was better than usual but thought the wines on the list were 20% higher with a 50% discount.  The selected wood charred pizza was  shrimp, home made mozzarella, basil herb, chili flakes and lemon zest.  One of the better, lighter pizzas plus a tasty crust.  There  were additional meat choice toppings but would prefer other veggie/herb choices for more diverse flavors.The indoor seating was comfortable but very close quarters.  Three different servers brought the food when it was ready which was a good thing.  The patio is relatively small with a bad sun angle so may try it next time after the sun has gone down.
3	I'll say more like 2 and a half stars.Not bad, Not Great. No WOW's here, at least not for me.We ordered a Cesar salad, good, but it was not even cold. (see pics)Wild Mushroom pizza with pancetta, green onions and ,mozzarella (see pics)  Boring , really lacking in any flavor at all. I was pretty bummed about that, Even though  I did like the texture and crispy pillowy-ness of the crust, it was very bland too. And I'm pretty sure that was just plain ol' bacon.Pepperoni Pizza (see pics) The Mr. Liked it, I'm not really a fan of pepperoni and I really didn't care for the flavor of this one especially.Pizza Cookie (see pics) Pretty big, but very thin, skimpy on the chocolate and caramel sauce and no whip cream. I've had better, will be my closing words for my entire experience here.
4	This place was delicious.  I would really recommend humble pie.I have seen alot of people on here complain about the $7.00 fries, but they were the best (and unique) fries I probably have ever had.  The portion was also huge!  It was enough for my husband, my son and I to share.  I think that is worth $7.00.  We got 2 humble pies...1 was just pepperoni and mozzarella, the other was the margarita pie.  Both pies were very good, the crust is excellent, chewy and crispy, just the way I like it.  On the margarita pie we added prosciutto, which tasted a little funny to me, but other than that everything was excellent.  The decor was nice, it seems that they put alot into choosing it.  The only things that I didn't like were the music that they were playing, I don't think I should be subjected to Nickleback while I am eating, and our server wasn't very friendly.Other than that you should check this place out, and please don't skip the fries, just share them!
2	It was a struggle for me to choose between 2 stars or 3.Its more of a 2.5 but do I want to give them the extra edge?NOAnyway I got a regular cheese pizza and for 10 bucks it ended up being 1)Sour Dough crust WTF, who doesn't metion the crust taste like the most sour sourdough ever?2) it actually tasted similar to Peter Piper Pizza3).........................(dots equal drum roll) It was the size of large burger. Seriously it was about equal to 2  and a half normal slices. This pizza tasted like shit and for 10 dollars I can go to grimaldis and get an awesome pizza triple the size and quadruple the quality. P.S. The waiters uniform makes them look like tools. Like they work in a country club. You know what I'm talking about if you been there.
1	Had lunch here with Mom a few months ago- calamari app and a pie.  Calamari was alright, nothing to rave about, and certainly not something I'd order again.  Plus, the batter contained cornmeal (corn allergy), and I'm not a fan of anything that contains cheap ingredients, esp. those that do great harm to people's health!  The pie wasn't memorable at all- I cannot even remember which one we had- it was that mediocre.  The first pie was charred all over, why it was allowed to leave the kitchen and served on a table, we'll never know.  I do give management some credit since they quickly replaced it with a better-looking, yet non-scintillating pie that had more dough than toppings.  Strike three: the noise level was ridiculously high, and the restaurant was only at 50% capacity.  You won't find me dining here on a weekend night based on the terrible acoustics alone.  No, you won't see me spending my money here again.
2	Yaaawwwwwnnn!!!!! Next!There are better pizza joints in town!
4	I love this place!  I tried it for the first time last Thursday night.  We sat outside which was nice because they don't have too many tables (maybe 10 at most) but they were all full with nice friendly looking people.  I was kind of surprised the dining room inside was so empty.  But, Im used to smaller crowded restaurants in LA.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  The pizza was just amazing!  I was happy to see new ideas and fresh toppings- not just another California Pizza Kitchen.  The crust is thinish and doughy at the same time.  My boyfriend and I agree the pizza here kicks Mozza in LA's butt!
4	This is a decent place that I probably eat at once a week due to its location and quick take out. I like this place because its different then a "normal" pizza place since this is not "normal" pizza. The crust is thin (the "outer" crust is soft and could be much less bready) and sourdough-ish tasting, I like it. It goes well with the Pizza's I usually order which is the Shrimp, lemon and red pepper or the Goat cheese, tomato and sweet red pepper. I might have strange tastes, but I really like these pizza's. They are basically a "personal" size pizza. If I'm famished, I eat the whole thing. For the meat eaters, I hear the prosciutto one is pretty good. I haven't really tried much else on the menu beside a salad, since much of the other menu has meat containing items. The veggie salad was ok but could use more flavor. Any how I'll be back next week.....
5	I like Humble Pie. A lot. I would rank it above Cibo, but below Bianco - because Chris Bianco is magic. Here's what's great about Humble Pie:I've usually been for lunch on a Sunday, but have also been for dinner and have never had to wait.The pizza is perfect! Lots of gourmet pies to choose from (I've tried the prosciutto, pear and Gorgonzola, the potato and roasted garlic with fontina and Gorgonzola - add prosciutto and, most recently, artichoke hearts, caramelized onions and olives - I think this was my fave so far).To quote the Great Muppet Caper... "I HATE peperoni" but my dining partners don't... at Humble Pie, I can get my fancy schmancy pizza and they can get pepperoni.The fries ROCK!!The veggie salad is so refreshing with just the right amount of herb vinaigrette dressing.They're just crazy enough to offer olive oil gelato and I'm just crazy enough to try it!Mondays are half off bottles of wine.Here's what's not great about Humble Pie... I live too far for delivery. (But, really that's probably a GOOD thing.)
4	Since they've opened their door almost a year ago I've frequented this joint once a month or so.  I always sit at the bar, which is fan-cooled during the summer months and heated during these chilly wintery nights.  Their pies are consistently delicious, especially the Shreiner's sausage with fennel.  Their sides are ok, not bad, not amazing, but are ok.  I've recently fallen in love with their calamari appetizer.  Perhaps it's just the combination of breading + deep-fried that pushes all the right buttons for me, but whatever it is, it's delicious whether served with the basil chili sauce, a garlic aioli or the marinara.  The only pizza I haven't been a huge fan of is their potato and gorgonzola.  However, this was more of a mistake on my part; I dislike gorgonzola intensely, and for some reason still thought it might be a good idea to order that pie, hoping that the gorgonzola would be minimal... it wasn't.  My bad :P.But in addition to their delicious pizza is a fairly comprehensive wine and beer collection.  If you want to experience a zillion beers, this is not the place, but they do have something on tap for every palate, from hefeweizen to a nice IPA.
4	I have been to Humble Pie multiple times and I have enjoyed it each time. If you go with only 2 people I would suggest splitting a large salad and a pizza. I enjoyed the caesar salad, one of the better caesar salads I have had when dining out. The pizzas are not very big, but they are very tasty. Excellent crust and and a very interesting selection of pies to choose from. The service has been quick every time, never a problem with waiting for a table or waiting for food. The drinks, such as their bellini, are also a reason to go. I plan on going again to try some of their other unique pizza options.
4	I finally made it to Humble Pie last Saturday evening... I had plans with Christina P and after reading her review, I asked if she'd be interested in returning to Humble Pie with me since she had several positive experiences there already...I arrived first, and was seated right away.  The staff was attentive and friendly - Alan was our server and took great care of us.  We started with  a glass of prosecco each and decided to share the brussel sprouts, cauliflower, and the shrimp pie.  Sounds like a ton of food, but it was perfect for the two of us.  I eat a lot - especially of veggies, and I love that HP has a large selection when it comes to veggies and salads... I have to return soon to try the butternut squash and the veggie salad (both sounded great to me).I'll preface this by saying, I like the flavor of burnt food.  So, the fact that the brussel sprouts were a tad bit overdone, was fine with me... although for other patrons, it may not be so appealing.  The cauliflower was not burnt, but it didn't have so much flavor either.  Regardless, I wanted to get my vegetables in for the day, and they seemed fresh despite the way they were cooked.  Does that make sense?As some of the yelpers before me commented, we noticed the use of lemon zest in our shrimp pie.  It was light on the shrimp, sauce, and cheese, but it did have a zesty flavor to it.  I added some chili pepper flakes and parmesan as well... mmmm.As if I hadn't eaten enough food, Christina requested a small sample of the olive oil gelato so I could taste it... and I actually enjoyed it!  If you're open to trying something new, the olive oil gelato is the perfect sweet ending to your meal at Humble Pie.My 4 star rating is for my overall experience at Humble Pie - I was in fantastic company, a casual environment (which I love), and lots of veggie options to choose from... the pizza was fine - I'll try another selection next visit.I also noticed that there is plenty of bar seating for those that like to sit at the bar, hang with the bartender, etc... good to know in case I ever return solo!  Either way, I'm sure I'll be back soon.
3	Good, not great. The salads looked great and like the better bet. I had the pistachio nut pizza and while they warned me there would not be much sauce on the pizza, i was a little surprised that there was absolutely none. This made it taste like I was eating nuts on bread which wasn't terrible but I didn't ask for the recipe either. I liked the set up of the place. We ate outside which was great but even inside, they have huge open windows that give it a great feel. I will return and try a large salad and maybe go to 4 stars. It's hard to imagine that the food would ever rate a full 5 stars.
4	The mediocre reviews for HP kind of surprise me. I have been to this place a couple of times and really enjoyed it both times. On my first visit I had the small chopped salad and it was kind of average. Nothing too tasty. But the pizza was a whole other story. I was there with a large party so I got to sample several of the pizzas and there wasn't one that I didn't enjoy. By far my favorite pizza is the artichoke, carmelized onion and olive. It is fantastic! That is followed by the potato, garlic and fontina pizza. If you want a good old fashioned pepperoni or sausage pizza, then go somewhere else. But if you want something a little different and something that will get the taste buds going, try HP.
4	Love, love, love Humble Pie!  Good wine list and an awesome selection of interesting pizzas! Great service and we've never had to wait!  My favorite, the gorgonzola and potato pizza!  If you want a traditional pepperoni pie, this probably isn't the place to go.  But, if you want creative pizza options and great wine, you'll love it.  Oh, they have a great selection of draft beers as well!
3	I'm trying to decide -- when it comes to pizza, am I a crust person or a topping person? If I am the latter, then I would say that the toppings we tried on three different pizzas were all good but could have been more plentiful. We especially liked the artichoke and olive pizza. Whatever exotic cheeses the chefs put on the pizzas are terrific but are just dotted on. I left the restaurant last night feeling crusty, which is to say I love the wood-fired, slightly burned, soft-on-the-inside crust. So much so that I almost finished off the crust left on my carb-watching daughter's plate. We'll see where things fall in the great crust/topping dilemma next time I visit.
4	It's starting to get warmer, and al fresco dining is becoming, in a word, delightful!With that in mind, the Beautiful Carin and I, while we were out running a few errands today, were trying to decide what to do for lunch. Instead of the sandwich or late Sunday breakfast option, we were close to Humble Pie and decided to stop in. We hadn't been there in 3-4 months (one of the things I love about Yelp is that it pushes me to both try new places and revisit spots that I haven't been to in awhile).It was not busy, which was both a blessing and disquieting. There should be more people there on a beautiful Sunday afternoon! The food is really very good, and the service was excellent (both better than the last time we were there, I think). I don't know if I attribute that to a less crowded place, or just improvements in everything, overall. I don't know and I shouldn't over-analyze.We sat on the patio, and it is very comfortable and pleasant out there. This is a quiet corner of the Hilton Village strip mall, so it's easy to enjoy a conversation with out traffic and noise.We had a sausage and roasted fennel pizza and veggie salad. Both were terrific! I prefer a more savory than sweet pizza, generally, and this one walked the line nicely. The tomato sauce and the roasted fennel have just enough sweetness to provide a counterpoint to the salty sausage and olives. Crust has a great texture and flavor, in and of itself, and was nicely baked, with just a little blackness at the edges. Nice Job!The salad was extremely fresh and nicely dressed. Add in decent hefevitzen and that's what I call lunch!
4	I'm saving the last star for when I actually sit and eat in the restaurant. I always get my pizza to go...the Coppa Ham & Olive is the best.  I've only had that and split a salad with someone...but I've eaten it 15+ times (why mess with perfection?!)  I crave it at least once a week.  It's a bit pricey, especially since you can't actually get two small meals out of it.  It's either one giant meal (which I can't do) or one regular meal and a snack.  The ingredients are rather pricey as well, so I don't mind the extra cost. The crust is hand tossed and sometimes comes with slightly charred bubbles in the dough.  The ingredients are incredibly fresh.  The service is really amazing (even for carry-out).  They just celebrated their one-year anniversary and I'm looking forward to many more meals there. (I peeked at their wine selection and its pretty great.)  Enjoy!
4	I first became a fan of Humble Pie when a friend of mine would come over on a weekly basis and bring take out from the Humble Pie on Tatum, yes Humble Pie's pizza to go is what originally got me hooked. I think that goes pretty far considering all the toppings that can easily perish on a hot pizza during a car ride. But it was and always had been great! Last week I finally got the chance to actually go into a Humble Pie, this time Scottsdale one, and was once again very pleased with the results. A friend and I went on a Thursday evening I think around 730/ 8 pm or so and it was a little busy, but we didn't have to wait at all for a table. I really liked the atmosphere there, low lit, patio seating and even seating where you can watch the guys make your pizza, (how fun!) M y only gripe on seating was that I did feel a little close to the table beside us, as far as conversations and things, but for those that don't really mind "family style" seating (although thats not quite what they got going on, the tables are still really close) wont mind it at all. Beer on tap? Check. And some really good ones. There is nothing a enjoy more than being able to enjoy a local (AZ) brew. The wine list looked good as well. some may think... gourmet pizza? Well fear not if you have a picky or 'I like the simple things in life" type eater, they can make some really really great pepperoni pizza as well. As for me, I prefer the prosciutto, pear and Gorgonzola cheese pizza with arugula. Wow. i always want to try one of their other creations, but usually end up with that one. I cant imagine ANY of their pizzas not being pretty darn good. Service was good. The servers looked like they liked their job and were friendly. Word on the street was that Humble Pie has been trying to portray themselves as an "adult" pizzeria. And I could see that and I personally like the idea. There were children in there at the time I was and of course Humble Pie is very accommodating to them and all families, I just think they like more of the adult scene. So to sum things up, I really like Humble Pie, it was a nice meal, not too pricey, great to take a date, but I'm curious to check out the one on Tatum to see how the vibe there is.
5	My fiance and I love eating here - their pizza is absolutely delicious! Very unique offerings (like a BLT pizza, they even have one with eggs!). We try to order something different every time we go, and we have never been disappointed. Oh - and the wine!! They have a great list with all price ranges - and the staff is very knowledgeable to help you pick out the perfect bottle. They also have a good beers on tap.It's the perfect spot for a casual night out!
4	I have been to this place many-a-times.  For starters the wedge salad and calamari are both great.  The wedge has a great mix of onions and cherry tomatoes on top...the blue cheese dressing that comes on it is delicious, but if you're looking for a more healthier option the vinaigrette-caper dressing is tasty as well.  The calamari is the traditional deep fried calamari...pretty standard, but delicious.On to the pizzas.  One person can definitely eat one of the pizzas, but they are shareable if you're not into eating that much.  The crust is really what makes these pizzas good.  It kinda has this sourdough taste, but its crispy and just chewy enough where you aren't giving your jaw a workout.  My favorite pizza by far is the chicken pesto.  Its served with grilled cherry tomatoes and these phenom crunchy, crispy, salty onion strips on top.  The onion strips are the best.  The cheese and pepperoni pizzas are pretty standard, but tasty.  I've also tried their sausage pizza.  If you're into sausage, then this is for you...I think there are like three different types of sausages on top...pretty spicy and a real good taste.  My mom always has the pistachio pizza and onion pizza...not my thing however she does get it every time we go there.All and all a great place.  Pretty good atmosphere as well.  They have a few tvs hanging in the restaurant.  Not the best place to catch a game, but the bar wouldn't be that bad of a place to sit and watch a game.  I've also heard they have a bomb cookie dessert pizza...sooo umami.
4	My bosses have brought in late afternoon snacks of humble pie a few times now and I've enjoyed it all! I've never stepped foot in here, nor noticed whilst driving through Scottsdale, so clearly I won't speak to parking, service, atmosphere. I've had the Margherita, the local veggie one, and most recently the potato and gorgonzola pie. That has been the most decadent so far, the fingerling potatoes are really sweet and tender and the rosemary adds a great savory flavor. I didn't get a strong sense of the gorgonzola, which I love in general, but the size of the pie is perfect and the crust was firm but chewy in the middle and an all around treat.
4	I really like the food and the atmosphere here. The Caprese salad was absolutely delicious and I'm a big fan of the chopped salads (make sure you specify which chopped salad you want, though, got the wrong one on my last visit). My latest addiction is the artichoke pizza...oh so good! Terrific wine list, decent service. This restaurant is on my keeper list.
4	Humble Pie should not be so Humble. LOLThis ex Ny'er  sees why this place has been making a lot of Phx top ten pizza lists lately.GOOD PIZZAGOOD PRICESGOOD SERVICENO WAITNice family oriented Scottsdale restaurant. Check it out!
1	If you have nothing to really do and just want a basic lunch in a cozy environment I say go for it. I dont know what the pie is so humble about its not that great. With all the other choices for food in scottsdale I say look elsewhere for an interesting time.
4	If I wasn't trying to cut back on carbs I'd be there more regularly but I love this place - everything on the menu is yummy. service is a bit rushed on a Friday night but that's to be expected in a good restaurant here in town. definitely recommend Humble Pie it's delish!
4	We did take out from Humble Pie.Ordered 1 pepperoni and 1 Ham and Olives (more like straight up Bacon, yum) and the iceberg wedge salad.When the order was called in, they said "ready in 15!" and it was-- that was quicker than any other pizza place I know of.It was awesome pizza and that iceberg salad was excellent! I am looking forward to going back.  This was takeout, so I would like to try to actually dine there.I've received a couple cool coupons from Humble Pie in those Val-Pac coupon envelopes, I know most people toss them out, but I actually look thru them and I've received a free pizza coupon with $20 of in dining purchase-- need to use that!
4	Im going to review the food only. The strawberry & gorgonzola salad was absolutely amazing.  Most of the time you order a salad with "berries" in it and you might find a trace of the fruit.  Not here, this salad must of had 6 or more strawberries thinly sliced.  Every bite had a strawberry!!!!  I could not really taste the dressing but overall I was amazed by the salad.  I told my buddy that "I could not remember the last time I had a good salad".The pizza was great as usual.  I had the artichoke pizza.  Great chewy crust.  In fact the crust is so good I eat every bite.This place makes great little designer pizzas.  I couldn't ask for more.
2	Well, before they allowed people to choose their own toppings, no one could order what they wanted. I was not allowed to substitute bacon for prosciutto, so I had to order something else. When they finally did allow people to choose their own, I was joking to my friends about how it might end up costing $30 for one pizza. And it did (for about 3 toppings). At least I could make a joke about how un-humble the pie was. It wasn't even that good, there are many other places, like Parlor or Spinato's, that have great flavorful pizza, so it doesn't make the most sense to eat here.
3	Because my otherwise perfect and adorable SO has a weakness for any and all food topped with a half-cooked runny egg, I have been dragged against my will to HP more than a few times. Yes, a runny egg and prosciutto "breakfast" pizza. This is the ultimate bastardization of a pizza, in my "humble" opinion, but he adores it.I have been pretty meh about it all along. The location really blows us for us CenPho folk. The pizza has the dreaded erectile dysfunction-style flaccid crust. People! This is so wrong. I love the earthy goodness of a wood fired pizza, but why is it physically impossible to firm those puppies up? I have had some mixed veggie salad that was completely forgettable, and their mozzarella and tomatoes-on-a-vine salad, which is actually pretty tasty (albeit small for the price), drizzled in thick balsamic vinegar. HP finally won me over last night when I had the brilliant idea of ordering the pizza well done. Was it the crackery crispness I craved? Well, no, but it certainly helped, and my usual day-after pizza routine (heat on a dry hot skillet till cheese is melty) crisped it right up to almost Parlor quality. Cool! I've found a way for my gooey-yolk-loving sweetheart and I to happily coexist at a pizza place -- thus far an impossibility. Cheaper than couples counseling and a lot more fun. OK. We'll be back.
2	After reading some good reviews, my hubby and I were anxious to try this place boasting wood fired, artisan type pizza.  Coming from San Francisco which boasts some great places (current fave is Beretta on Valencia - OMG) we were really missing some great, flavorful pie.  I was surprised that we walked in and were seated easily on a Thursday evening around 7.  We had our twin toddlers with us and were hoping the place would be somewhat kid friendly (not particularly).  Unfortunately, our waiter was just odd and throughout the meal kept patting my shoulder...wha???  When I asked if we could have burrata on our margherita instead of the house mozzarella, his response was "Burrata IS mozzarella."  Uh, duh???  He finally relented but said they would have to charge us "a buck or something".  When the pizza arrived, the presence of any cheese whatsoever was barely noticeable.  The sauce was under seasoned and watery.  The shrimp pizza with lemon zest was better, I would eat that again definitely , but in my mind if you cannot make a margherita pizza, well... that's telling.
5	My cousins and I went here on New Years Day and had a fantastic meal. We were greeted by the owner who came to our table and gave us a nice overview of the restaurant and menu to start things out.We were so incredibly hungry from the festivities the night before and started with french fries which may sound a bit odd for a pizza place but they were excellent - the aioli sauce and seasoning made the dish.For pizza we ordered the Margherita and Sausage w/ fennel. I'm normally not a fan of sausage but it was thick-cut and very flavorful. The 4 of us were still hungry and then ordered the Pepperoni w/ onions and as with the sausage, the pepperoni was thick-cut and had tons of flavor and wasn't overly greasy.I'm a bit of a pizza fan and I can say this place is better than any pizza place in Denver where I live and better than most places I've eaten in NYC. What 'makes' these pizzas is the crust - it's light & airy and slightly crunchy. I do not like thin crust pizza that is a soggy mess and this isn't anywhere close to that. The crust is crunchy yet still fold-able.Next time I'm in Phoenix this will be one of the first places I return to....excellent excellent pizza.
4	so i've heard this place is "as good" as bianco's....i wouldn't know because on principle alone, i absolutely, definitively REFUSE to stoke the ego and elitism of anyone req'ing me to wait 2 hours to eat their food. the place is cute and has plenty of room to avoid a 2 hour wait....and the pizza was good. wood oven baked so it had that little burnt crispy edge. we had the mahhhhgahhhhrita pizza and it was enough to stave our pizza crave. and then we indulged in their version of the desert pizza cookie. although quite bigger than oregano's, it wasn't as sweet, but altogether still tasty! for our pizza, half the desert, a glass of wine....20 bucks for 2 people!
5	This place rocks my socks off.My co-workers at my new job brought me here as a welcome to the company gesture and I'm not lying when I say that I ate the best wood-fired pizza 'ive ever had in my entire life today. Not only did I try the Margherita, but then we decided it was necessary to order 2 more, pepperoni and some other mushroom thing. All of them were equally delicious, perfect crust and just the right amount of cheese and toppings. The Caesar salad, also awesome.. and how could we forget the full bar?! The outdoor patio is absolutely divine  this time of year and the servers there are not only very friendly, but will yell at the bartender when he pours you a weak drink. I dont remember your name dude, but thank you for being the most wonderful person of the day.I dont normally rave about pizza, and I usually only eat it when im hammered, but Humble Pie has won my heart, and I forsee many many more lunch breaks being taken here.. hammered or not.
4	I've been here a few times and really like this place.  Yesterday I sat in the back part of the dining room near the pizza oven.  What made this nice was that it was a cold rainy day and I could see into the wood-fired oven which made it feel like I was in front of a cozy fireplace.I tried the egg pizza with prosciutto and mozzarella.  This is my new favorite at Humble Pie.  The flavors go together very well and the leftovers were perfect for breakfast the next morning.I noticed that they have a good happy hour menu and half priced bottles of wine on Mondays which I'll have to check out in the near future.
4	Hazelnuts on the green beans.Pistachios on the pizza. Some sort of delicious seed-thing (anise? coriander? i should know but i don't cook. it was yum) on the olives. And caramel on the chocolate chip cookie/vanilla ice cream dessert thing.Combine this with that amazing glass of Argentinian white I had and you've got a pretty tasty treat. Humble Pie made a pretty inventive, attractive, tasty meal, and they didn't brag about it or anything. I'd totally go back.
5	Very good pizza. Every bit as good as the overhyped Pizzaria Bianco,and no 3 hour wait. Had a very good mushroom and pancetta pizza and a strawberry and gorgonzola salad. Both were top notch. Wine list is reasonably priced, good selection. Friendly staff. Anyone picking on their decor is really a bit off, nothing wrong with a simple decor. Warm, inviting. Nice bar that opens to the patio. Really all in all a very good experience. Good food, good wine, happy staff, reasonably priced. And I would have to say underated, so even though I think they are a very solid 4 star restaurant, I am giving them 5 stars to help get there ratings up. I'll be back.
4	I'm taking a bite out of the SOP pizza and I'm thinking to myself, "If the wise guy at Pizzeria Bianco is any better then this it only wins in a photo finish.".  The pizza is really good...seriously.  The crust is light and smoky, the ingredients fresh and flavorful- local favorite Schreiners Sausage-, and the service attentive. The place has a great casual atmosphere.  So many places in this corridor of Scottsdale have a stuffy faux pretentiousness that really precludes any great enjoyment.  No need to dress up in your happy hour best here, just enjoy the game and the pie.Also, Humble Pie is the only place, this side of Dabafetos in Rome, that can successfully pull off the egg on the pizza.  Try the Egg and Ham and you'll be a fan.
4	Try the mushroom pizza! The flavor blend is just wonderful in your mouth. We went with a CS group, so I had a chance to try a bit of the potato pizza, chicken pesto, sausage and artichoke. All taste goood! but my favorite keeps being the first one. Don't be surprised to find the bottom a bit burnt, it is not a big deal. I just enjoyed the cheese they used for all of them.
4	I like Humble Pie. The ambiance is that trademark Arizona upscale/casual where wine swilling 40-somethings get can get a bit rowdy after a bottle or two. That's my code for don't expect a quiet dining experience, unless you go later in the evening.  The pizzas overall are quite good -- chewy crusts, balanced sauces and quality cheeses. I find the meat toppings to be a little hit or miss. It's hard to go wrong with the Schriner's Sausage, but I found the pepperoni to be a bit greasy and cut way too thick, and the prosciutto slices so large/stringy as to be a choking hazard. I refuse to use silverware to eat pizza, even in a classy pizza joint like this, so perhaps the Heimlich is in my future. If you want to control costs, order one of their special pizzas (unless you like it super simple.) The pricing on their choose-your-own-topping pizzas can easily get out of control -- piecing together my favorite toppings resulted in a $16 pizza. Yikes! Star-wise my review is somewhere between a 3 and 4. I'm giving Humble the bump for their Monday night half-price wine specials. The wine list has an excellent variety, and we've indulged in plenty of their top-tier bottles ... at 50 percent off, you'd be crazy not to.
5	I've been to 5th and Wine and loved the ambience.  So, I decided to try out Humble Pie and was greatly fulfilled!! Having studied abroad in Florence, I KNOW GOOD PIZZA!!!!  I know tastes vary from person to person, but in my opinion it was very well done!!!  We ordered the garlic fries and goat cheese roasted red pepper pizza.  Needless to say, NOTHING WAS LEFT ON THE TABLE!!!  I will be going back very soon to try the Pizza Cookie!!! ;)
3	I was in the area and needed lunch. Being new to AZ (just moved here from so cal) I am trying all the local spots and avoiding chains. THe food was pretty good. I was there during lunch and very much a suit and tie lunch spot. Food was good, not great. Salads are amazing, but thin crust pizza not as good as CKP or even sauce. Good spot to try I guess if looking for something new, but not a regular spot.
3	Soooo delish. Had the S.O.P. pizza and the flavors were great. Nothing on the pizza overpowered any of the other flavors, they went together splendidly.  This pizza felt like comfort food. Yum Yum. Also had the antipasto board. Loved everything on it. Lastly, the spaghetti and meatballs. Oh lord. The meatballs were amazing and the pasta cooked to a perfect al dente.  All in all, I would recommend this place.
4	Humble Pie gets no respect.There are quite a few 'marquee' pizza places in the valley...some that come to mind would be Pizzeria Bianco, Cibo, The Parlor, Pomo, and Patsy Grimaldis. Ask a random person on Yelp what their favorite pizza place is, and chances are you're gonna hear one of those names mentioned. (This includes us by the way). I've never heard anyone say that Humble Pie is their favorite or even in their top three. I wonder why? I could be crazy...but if I was to take a Humble Pie pizza and put it in a taste test with the aforementioned places...I don't think the majority of people would notice a big difference in the level of 'goodness'. Each place has unique flavors, but they're all really damn tasty. Unless you're familiar which how each pie tastes from experience, I think you'd be stumped to identify which came from where. What I'm trying to say is Humble Pie can hang with the big boys. So...I'm sitting here wondering now...why don't more people rave about this place...why don't I myself rave about this place?! Could it be something so simple as atmosphere? Humble Pie's interior is very...should I say...humble. There's nothing snazzy or memorable about this place, other than the actual food which is quite good. Cibo is in a quaint old house, Pizzeria Bianco is overflowing with prestige and this aura of greatness from all the national attention...Humble Pie is basically just a storefront with an interior that could have very well been put together by someone who just read 'Interior Design for Dummies'...it doesn't take much chances, and it shows. So...what does that leave us with here? A pizza place with awesome food, but not much else. I definitely recommend it, but I expect it to continue to hover right below the other more well known places for the foreseeable future. 3.5/5  (Rounded up to 4 since we ate here on one of our first date nights, and I have fond memories of it.)
4	I was sitting at my desk at work, and right about 5pm I began to crave pizza. So on my way home, I decided that instead of opting for delivery, that I would treat myself to some delicious gourmet pizza. Alas, I came across humble pie....Upon walking in I was greeted by two friend hostesses, who informed me that they are owned by the same person as 5th and Wine. My pulse immediately quickened based on past experience, but I decided to stay and give it a whirl. I am SO glad I did!The place is pretty cozy and the pizza ovens are open to the restaurant. Since it was just me, I decided to sit up at the bar by the pizza ovens where you can watch the chefs make the pizza. I ordered the assorted olives to get things started, which are really tasty, and then I ordered a goat cheese pizza. All of the ingredients tasted very fresh, and the crust was perfect! I didn't feel like I was too full from the crust, and it showcased the main ingredients very well. Overall it was a great pick. I fully intend on enjoying some wine as well as a few of their other menu options next time I stop in.
3	What's with the decor - or lack thereof?  Are they a sport bar? An Old diner?  Western Theme? A take out Pizzeria? (from the floor to ceiling pizza boxes stacked @ entrance?OK, Good glass of wine specials all day for $5 (had a fabby NZ Sav Blanc).  Good for a quality, nutritious  lunch, yes.Luv thin-crust pizza, and yes, this is where to get it - BUT a bussel of salad greens were tossed on top of our prosciutto/pear pizza which had enough salad on top to make a litter (whoops it's called a KIT of rabbits - i never knew that !  heaven forbid I get a hoard of mails indicating i need a correction!) of rabbits really happy.  OK, so i had a healthy lunch then.  I would like to try 1 more time - they do have some really good specials for lunch, and different days have specials of the day, such as 1/off bottles of wine - on a monday I think.  There's also a HH which was 50% off appies.  But I don't really think it's my cup'o tea for evening atmosphere - or glass'o wine, rather.
4	One of the better pizzas I've had in Phx. Sry Domino's!
4	I need to update my review because I was so specific in the original and some things have changed. I still love Humble Pie but they changed the fries and I don't like them. The pizzas are still delicious -- these days I especially like the one with leeks and pistachios -- and the veggie salad still rules (although there have been times it has been overdressed). Humble pie is definitely in the pizza rotation! Also, still a great place to drink wine with half off bottles on Mondays or $5/glass until 6 p.m. everyday! Not to mention the prices are still beyond reasonable even when it's not happy hour!
5	This is my kind of pizza. The crust is so thin and always cooked perfectly in their coal oven. Don't leave without trying the fries.
4	We had dinner here on Friday night. We tried the prosciutto/pear/gorgonzola/arugula pizza and the sausage/red pepper/ricotta pizza. Both were very good! I would caution against leftovers as the crust became rock hard when reheated in the oven...
4	After hearing lots of good reviews on Humble Pie, I finally decided to check it out myself. They've got a great happy hour from 3-6 every day that includes $2.50 draft beers, and they've got a lot on tap!The menu is fairly creative with anything from a margherita pizza to a proscuitto and pear pizza. They're reasonably priced, from about $9-14. They also have some great looking salads, and some pasta including a delicious macaroni and cheese!I went with the margherita and was pleasantly surprised. The sauce was great, and it had the right amount of cheese, tomatos and basil. I'll definitely be going back, and think I might give one of the more exotic pizzas a try.Our server was very sweet and attentive. She was respectful of our dallying and the fact that it took us half an hour to actually get an order in.
4	We found this place based on Groupon, and thank goodness!It was a little hard to find at night, tucked away in the back of a mostly dark shopping center. However, once we found it, we were seated right away in a cute place that wasn't too frou-frou, nor too relaxed. Perfect for a middle of the week date night.The bruschetta was so so. I liked the caprese better than Postino's (although not a huge fan of the halved cherry tomatoes) and wasn't a huge fan of the tomato jam, although it wasn't bad.We shared a small veggie salad - delicious! It was very different, with all sorts of tasty veggies in it. As a vegetarian, it's always nice to find *real* salads with lots of vegetables, instead of the oh-so-common lettuce/tomato/carrot combos.The best part of the night? The pizza. Now, my partner is from NY, and so were my parents. Usually, I like NY pizza, the real stuff, the end. But when it comes to interesting topping combos, I'm happy to try wood burning oven pizza, and it was soooo worth it. The one we got had potatoes, leeks and gorgonzola on it. What with the apps, splitting one between the two of us was sufficient, but I wished we'd had more to take home.The service was right on point - both our water and iced tea glasses were always full, our server had excellent suggestions when we asked for them, and we were left alone enough to have good conversation without feeling neglected. Win.Would be go back? Most certainly!
4	This gourmet pizza joint is on par with Patsy Grimaldi's, i.e. a close second place to Pizzeria Bianco. How do you beat the national favorite? You dont.  But that is still a HUGE compliment, as even a close comparison with PB is an honor, in my book. And, Humple pie is biting at the heels of Bianco, no doubt. I work close by, so maybe I'm partial but the pizza is fantastic. They have great variety and do all kinds well. Try the Margharita or Artichoke pizzas. The artichokes on the artichoke pizzas are huge chunks - no skimping here!The lunch special and happy hour prices are both good deals. I ordered the cold Green Bean salad at happy hour ($3 i believe) and it was surprisingly delightful and refreshing. Puts a new perspective on "salad."Also, the staff is ALWAYS friendly and helpful- even when slammed with the lunch crowd. Have yet to have a bad experience here!I highly recommend it for a nice light lunch or dinner. Its yummy!
4	Yum, yum, yum.  My fellow Yelpers captured all there is to know about Humble Pie: great atmosphere, great patio, great pizza, great service.I would only add that I loved...LOVED...the eclectic ingredients that were paired together.  I had the pistachio pie...who wouldda thunk?  It was so good!Great company makes any experience better, and I had great company as well.  I cannot wait to return!
5	If it forced to eat one type of food for the rest of my life, it would be pizza.  I never tire of pizza simply because there are so many interpretations possible, and I'm not just talking about toppings.  From the flavorless cardboard pizzas from Peter Piper (for which I will always hold a place in my heart) to the foodie favorites crafted at world famous Pizzeria Bianco, Arizona is a pizza lovers paradise.  But among all of these various pies, my very favorite would have to be the Artichoke Pizza at Humble Pie.      Immediately upon walking into Humble Pie, you are immediately struck by the wood burning oven, where pizzas are being expertly spun in and out and onto your plate.  The heat from this oven allows your crust to be cooked within minutes, and produces a smoky black char that adds so much depth of flavor--this isn't the result of neglecting to set a timer.  The crust is able to develop this color not only because of the immense heat of the oven, but also because of fermentation of the dough.  Fermenting the dough not only aids in the cooking process, but also adds that slightly sour tang you can taste in the dough.  Developing flavors over days, rather than hours, is a testament to this restaurant's dedication to quality and taste.      With such a strong base, it's difficult to see how you could screw up such a good thing.  While I have enjoyed many different pizzas here, my all time favorite would have to be the Artichoke.  Delicate artichoke hearts are accented with gooey fontina cheese, mild fresh ricotta, sweet caramelized onions, with the briny bite of olives to cut through it all.   Other toppings range from just as creative to the traditional cheese or pepperoni.  But don't let traditional fool you into thinks average.  Humble Pie highlights local vendors in their locally made sausages and organically grown vegetables. Anytime there are less miles between the purveyor and your plate, there is almost a guarantee that the flavor will be better.      As for the rest of the menu, the burrata Caprese and antipasto platter starters are two of my favorites, and again highlight simple, quality ingredients.  Typically, my dining partner and I will split one of these and a pizza.  Salads are okay, but don't quite have the impact of the milky, gooey cheese of the Caprese.  I have not had their sandwiches or pasta dishes, but can only assume that with the quality of ingredients being used, there can't be much to complain about.  The kids' menu contains the usual suspects, but the pizza is of the same quality of the adult menu.  (Do be aware that the kids' macaroni and cheese is Kraft.)       The service is always friendly, with the owner stopping by your table often, and encourages leisurely meals.  I actually chose this venue to host my birthday party, which included around ten adults and four children under the age of five.  All of the orders were correct, the quality of food just as phenomenal as always, and they were incredibly helpful with our request of separate checks.  Overall, Humble Pie is one of my favorite spots in the Valley to enjoy myself with my family and good food.
5	Humble Pie really shouldn't be Humble any more...this place is awesome now!  House made Burrata...house made mozzerella...fabulous meatballs, tasty sauce on the pizzas, wild mushroom mix...the pizza, caprese are both amazing...great service and speedy for take out.We tried the wings and they are so so...but everything else was extraordinary.  Don't hesitate this place has been remarkable the 3 times I have visited recently!
5	This is one of my go-to places for casual, but fun, dinners / lunches / meetings, etc. I love the menu &  the prices are fantastic for what you get! The decor is dark and intimate, but you feel very welcome and at home there. They have a great bar for watching games, a glass of wine with a friend, or even just to unwind after a long day.
5	I really can't say enough about Humble Pie. Right in the middle of a typical Snottsdale strip mall full of stuffy boutiques and snooty bistros, Humble Pie is busy keeping it real. I will say that if you're one of those "better than you" snobs who can't find satisfaction with anything, HP is probably not for you but for everyone else, it's worth a trip. In short, Humble Pie is all about friendly service and outstanding food, made fresh by hand every day, served hot and served quickly for a price that is more than fair. The atmosphere is casual, yet classy. You can go with buddies to watch the game, or you can take a date and still impress. The wine list is one of the better ones around unless you're on an unlimited budget.  The salads are huge (my wife and I split a small salad, and each half is bigger than a normal house salad at other places!) and delicious,and  the pizza is outstanding. They offer the old standards or you can be adventurous and order a more exotic Humble Pie original. The kids' menu is about normal, but the food quality and quantity is outstanding. The "chicken fingers" were really four large chicken breast patties, pounded flat and lightly breaded. They were then covered with a large pile of tasty fries. I almost cancelled my pizza order and went with another order of the chicken! For dessert, I highly recommend the Chocolate Chip Ice Cream "pizza": A baked-to-order 6" or 8" cookie with two or three scoops of ice cream, chocolate sauce and whipped cream.This place just lives up to it's name. The owner is almost always in-house and will likely stop by your table at least once and make sure you're satisfied. The wait staff is always smiling, and always willing to help. We've never had a bad experience here. It is the antithesis of the typical stuck-up, nose-in-the-air Scottsdale prima-donna hang outs, which is probably why I like it so much. It's real people serving great food in a relaxed environment for a reasonable price.
3	Good pizza toppings, you can get wine by the glass.  The strawberry salad is good.  But I will say that the crust can use some work.  Just a little too chewy and too think.  If they could thin out the crust a little bit, the pizza could eclipse Cibo.  Ample parking, good seating.  I think this is good for a family style place.  (i.e. really casual date or family nights not really a romantic or special occasion restaurant).  Good service, speedy bill payments.  Solid, if not spectacular.
4	The true measure of a place is how they fix a screw-up. For their response, I give the Scottsdale branch four stars. As a pizza lover and a Desert Ridge dweller, I frequent that location... well, frequently. Everything's consistently awesome, and I love their crust. I should copy and paste a few of these sentences over there to give them some good stars, but whatever. This review is about the Scottsdale location.Due to the restaurants not being where my friends live, not many of them have tried HP. I feel it's my duty to get some of the goat cheese pizzas into their bellies. So when en route to some pre-game drinking for a fancy holiday party that would leave my friends and me drunk (therefore needing alcohol-padding), I suggested we pick up some to-go pizza at this location. The online ordering was simple, and my three pizzas and giant salad were ready when I got there. I didn't think to check my pizzas at this time, and they were unfortunately overdone. (Hey, it happens. *Kanye shrug*) When we called to see about fixing the order, the guy who answered the phone was easy to work with. Ultimately, my money was refunded for the entire order -- not just got the ultra-cripsy pizzas. The gesture was much-appreciated. Many thanks, Humble Pie in Scottsdale. I will be back when I'm again in the area.
2	Service experiences have been mixed:  the bartender was courteous, however, we have often been rushed.  When picking up a to-go order the hostess/cashier was clearly annoyed at my questions and rude in her responses.  For instance, why are the prices listed on the to-go menu different or less than what I am being charged?  Yes, I understand that the register is ringing them up that way and repeating that 2x doesn't make it ok.  Sometimes it's how you handle a situation that makes all the difference.  On top of the service issues, the pizzas always look and smell great upon arrival, but they have been disappointing the last couple of times.  Great selection of toppings and variety of pizzas, HOWEVER, it does you no good when you can't taste them with wet dough.  With the last couple of pies i've had here they've been soggy despite crispy crusts.  I also tried reheating the take-out pizzas in the oven to crisp them up but it was to no avail.  Very disappointing - it seems like they still haven't resolved their dough issues.
3	Went there last night with the OGF for the first time to try it out.  Since they were celebrating their anniversary and pizzas were half price, seemed a good time to go.  It was quite crowded but managed to grab a couple seats at the bar.  Caught the end of happy hour and enjoyed $2 Bud Light drafts and excellent french fries for $3 as one of the happy hour appetizer specials.  The bartender warned us that the fries were good sized orders and maybe we wanted to split  an order, but we were starved and each got an order, and its a good thing we did, as the pizzas were on the small side.  We got an S.O.P. (sausage, carmelized onions, and roasted red peppers) and a Mushroom with sausage.  But despite my ordering my S.O.P well done, it came out with a rather soggy on the inside crust. The toppings were fresh and tasty, but my preference is for a crisp thin crust.I would say compared to the Fallen Angel pizza at La Grand Orange( which is similar to the S.O.P)  I would have to give the edge to LGO because of their crispier crust.  However, I like the ambiance at Humble Pie over LGO......its more like being in a real restaurant/bar.  LGO has more of a feel of some sort of communal barracks type atmosphere.
4	Humble Pie was recco'd to me for their happy hour and a friendly place for a woman to go herself and sit at the bar with no problem. I'm on holidays from Frozen Tundra Minnesota and love patios and sangria.  While the patio at HP is OK, I did love the $5 Sangria at happy hour.  I didn't eat, but I enjoyed 3 sangrias.  I checked out the happy hour menu and it looked like a great value.  I would have no problem coming back here again on my own, with friends or on a date night.  If you are traveling and in the area, it is a middle of the road place for great happy hour food and drink.  The ambiance is a bit dark and the chairs around the patio side of the bar are not that comfortable. But, I did like that there were MANY bar seats.  So many bars have just a few seats... this place did very well with their bar seating.
3	Mushroom was very good, but I've had better - 3.5 stars. Margherita and SOP were less than thrilling, left me wanting more - 2.5 stars each. Garlic fries and brussels sprouts were also underwhelming - 2 stars for both. Humble Pie is fine but you will probably find me at the Parlor, Cibo, or Pizzeria Bianco instead.
3	Been here several times for lunch and had the pizza. Today my friend & I decided to try the sandwiches. Very disappointing! I had the Roast Beef & my friend had the Turkey. Both were lackluster and smothered with slimy roasted red peppers. If you go to Humble Pie, go for the pizza (and the Happy Hour!)
4	Yum.  I could end my review there, but my mystery "fans" might be disappointed.We had a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon, and the place was almost empty.  I'm glad about that because I didn't care for the layout of the dining room.  Unless the room had been set up for a large group that had left, with the exception of counter seating and a few four-top pub tables, all the seating was 2 long rows of small tables placed about 6 inches from each other.  Although it does make it easy to set up tables for groups of any size, I'm not fond of sitting on a stranger's lap generally.  We started with a small caprese plate with house-made burrata, pesto, cherry tomatoes, balsamic, and ciabatta toasts.  We were starving, so we devoured it pretty quickly, leading the server to comment "you finished that already?"  Yes, we did, it was a small, and it was delicious.  But I appreciated her not outright saying, "wow, nice job fat-ass."Next up was the potato and roasted garlic pizza with fontina, gorgonzola, leeks, rosemary, and the addition of prosciutto.  My husband insisted I choose the pizza, and I loved every bite of it!  And the best part was I loved every bite of it because he didn't.  So I generously suggested he order another pizza knowing I would have it all to myself.  He went with the pepperoni.  Although they are very generous with the pepperoni, it's still just a pepperoni pizza.  The sauce was a little sweet for me, but I prefer a spicier sauce.  Can't wait to come back and try the pistachio pizza.  And for the record, no soggy crust!Suffice it to say...Yum.
4	I love humble pie so much. Sourdough crust. Local organic vegetables. Local organic vegetable pizza, get it.
2	Let me start by saying that I frequent Humble Pie quite often for their lunch special. It's affordable and I LOVE their pizza.However, my friend and I always sit at the bar and are served by the owner of the restaurant who continues to ask us if we've been in before. He's served us at least ten times. I'm fine with not being remembered, but the thing that continues to irritate me is that he is extremely rude and short with us. The servers there are great, but since we are usually in a hurry we'll sit at the bar. For someone who owns a restaurant, he is surprisingly adverse to positive interactions with his customers. 2 stars for the great food, but the horrible experiences at the bar are a turn off. I'll still go there and put up with it, but I would advise anyone to sit at a table and not have to tip someone who treats them unkindly.
4	Our new favorite happy hour in Hilton Village shopping center. Not a new place, but their house wines by the glass are great quality for the price ($5) and their premiere beers on tap are 32 ounces and only $3. Happy hour menu includes salads, personal size pizzas, etc. Indoor and outdoor and bar seating. A nice place to hit after work or shopping, just don't get there too close to the end of happy hour at 6pm or you'll miss out! Also great for lunch or dinner if you miss happy hour - pizzas and salads to die for. Highly recommend.
5	Excellent service and great indoor-outdoor bar seating.  The SOP pizza was excellent!
4	Good spot!  We rolled up at happy hour, which is a really good deal.  They've got a bunch of stuff for $3-6.50 for food, and good deals on drinks.We had the crispy french fries and chicken drumettes for appetizers.  That would have been enough for a meal for two!  The fries were awesome, very crunchy and topped with parmesan.  Yum!  The wings were kinda sad, though.  The sauce was watery thin and didn't stick to the chicken at all.  And they were maybe a little overcooked.  Still edible... I ate just one and let my boyfriend eat the other seven.  :)Then we had the potato and rosemary pizza.  Also yum!  It's a white pie with garlic, gorgonzola, rosemary, and sliced potato on top.  The crust is very good and I thought the pizza was really creative and delicious.The service was really friendly and we had a nice time here!
4	Great little place if you are looking for a casual bite. The roasted brussel sprouts were yummy, as well as the dinners: chopped salad and marinated tomato and arugula pizza. The lasagna was okay, not great. Good, but slow service, decent wine list. Seems like pizza is definitely the way to go here.
5	I am hands down obsessed with this place. Best pizza in town. Better than Grimaldi's, even! I will say that both times I have been there, my order was taken completely wrong, however, it did no phase me becasuse their pizza is worth it. The calamari is amazing as well. And the veggie salad with the white beans. I have only had these three things every time I havee been there! I just can't stray because they are so good :)
3	We've been to Humble Pie on enough occasions that I'm comfortable summarizing it as an average three-star pizza place.  While it's certainly not terrible, you can definitely find better.  The quality of the pizza tends to be somewhat inconsistent  and at times can be quite good while at other times we've received a soggy crust with toppings that look like the kitchen staff must have had a contest to see who could stand on the other side of the kitchen and toss the most ingredients onto the crust (sadly, most of them missed).The veggie salad was good and had interesting ingredients like avocado, green beans, white beans, and jicama that added enough zing to make the salad less than boring.  The caesar salad, however, was another story.  We were about halfway through eating it when we finally pinpointed the source of the strange taste and texture that is unfamiliar to a typical caesar.  About 1/3 of what is normally romaine lettuce actually consisted of chopped celery, which in my opinion, has no place in a caesar salad.  I'm not sure if this was just an attempt at cutting costs by adding a cheap filler ingredient, but the result was anything but delicious.On a positive note, they do offer half priced bottles of wine on Mondays, but overall, this is just an average pizza restaurant.
3	I've actually been to Humble Pie a couple of times. In both cases, I enjoyed it. They have a decent wine list (was it a little parred down on my 2nd visit?) and their food tastes fresh and homemade.  Living in Hawaii, we get lots of good food, but pizza is NOT one of them. Humble Pie is a welcome neighborhood place for me to get a quick fix (without the lines of Bianco).Both times I was there, i was surprised to see that the place clears out by 9PM, because its the kind of place you could go to drink wine and nosh. Its not a "bar" scene, but I like it to meet my girlfriends.In both cases, the service was great. This last time, I swear our server has ESP, the minute I thought something, she was there. We were at a table that was getting a little wet from the misters. The minute we sat down, she saw me look up and there she was, moving our table so neither us nor our food would get wet. (I DID wonder why there was a table there to begin with, but, whatever.) We took foreeeeeeeeeever to order our food, and when we finally did decide, BOOM, there she was. That's hard to do when you have a table like us that is definitely on its own pace. All in all, I think Humble Pie is a great neighborhood place for everyone from families to friends. If you go: have the prosciutto and pear pizza. And go later for no lines.
2	I will not be going back. I was looking forward to something different than we have in Gilbert and it was...blek. The waitress was annoyed to service us. The pizza - not disgusting, but nothing stands out. The Margareta pizza didn't even have tomatoes. Their sauce tasted like it was poured right from a can. The lasagna had mushy soggy noodles and the same bland-from-a-can sauce. Not worth the money at all!
2	This place I more hype and fluff than substance.  The customers think that being there makes them cool which masks the mediocre ingredients, copy cat recipes, and tough crust.  The pizza isn't bad it's just not great, but when you have to deal with this caliber of stuck up clientele, I'd say go elsewhere.
1	Dull, boring, predictable, bland, not even average at best. Have been hearing about this place for awhile and gotta say why the hype? There are so many places around the entire Phoenix area that serve this same kind of food that are average or better. I say try another and skip this one.
4	Very good, small pizza shop in Scottsdale. The fired oven flavor is very good. Their salads are good as well. Misters on the patio are a nice touch.
5	I'm not sure why this place doesn't have at least four stars --- we had the caprese salad and the potato pizza and it was amazing! Usually caprese doesn't stand out but the mozerella was incredible. It is a little on the pricey side for pizza but really good!
5	My family and I have been enjoying their food and staff for a couple years now. The staff is always friendly and have gotten to know us over time. My kids always enjoy going there because the staff always make them feel welcome as do we. We always enjoy the food no matter what we order. Their days of the week specials are a great deal as well. The food is amazing! Our fav pizza is the Chicken Pesto, with the yummy cheese and perfect amount of pesto topped with crispy fried onions. Our fav salad is the Chopped Salad with fresh mozzarella and tasty tomatoes. we have always liked the french fries. Although, don't let the name fool you because these are not your average french fries. No ketchup needed when you have fries topped with parsley, garlic, and cheese then dipped in a garlic aioli sauce. A new item on the menu that I really liked is Tempura Fried Green Beans with a mustard aioli sauce. mmmm very yummy! These are our favs but like I said we have enjoyed everything we've ever ordered. It's our go-to spot, whether we want a casual lunch or dinner as a family, evening out with some friends, or date night with my husband. I'm never disappointed.
4	The Pizza is amazing! This is my favorite place to eat pizza. The decor is very simple.I love eating here.
4	4 stars for the food.  Everything we ate was Quality!I do love the location.  Not far from my house, great neighborhood, not sketchy (so you don't have to look over your shoulder as you walk to your car), quiet area which closes down around 10pm.  Like the atmosphere and the service.  Only negative is how small the place is.  Dining at 7pm, the tables were full, place was packed, and so incredibly loud it was impossible to participate in conversation.  But oh well.  Monday Night Football was on the TV, so no conversation was actually necessary.
5	Unreal. Crust is amazing, the place smells like what I suspect and hope heaven smells like.
4	Very pleased with our wood-fired pizza, and the Humble Pie dessert was definitely the perfect ending!  The place was a bit noisy which made conversation a little difficult....so go for good food, not an intimate chat ;D
4	This place is great. The Pizzas are single serving or post salad and some of the best Pizza Ive ever had. Salads are good and and service is excellent. Keep it Simple StupidKISS
4	I've been here two times and I have enjoyed both the food and the service.  While the pizza might not be on the level of Pizzeria Bianco, I thought it was very good and for lunch, they have a great deal.  For $9.99, you choose a salad and a 9 inch pizza- definitely a reasonable price!
4	Pizza is their specialty and it shows. Plenty of imaginative combinations (potato & leek, or maybe an over-easy egg?) and quality ingredients. The atmosphere is nice, if not a bit cramped. Salads are good too.
5	Not exactly what I was expecting, but it was great nonetheless. Three of us went for lunch on Mother's Day this year. The pizzas are AWESOME, the service is better than most places I've been to and since we went on Mother's Day, every woman got her pizza for free, which cut my bill in half with three people eating pizza. What could be better? I had the Margherita Pizza and Mom had the Artichoke Pizza (absolutely delicious). The Chocolate Chip Cookie w/ Vanilla Ice Cream dessert was great, too. Unlike other places, it's not as big, so there's no problem saving room for it. I have to admit, though, I was so full I didn't eat any dinner whatsoever. Wasn't hungry enough. :) If you go, go on an empty stomach, you'll need it.
4	My favorite place in Arizona for thin crust take-out pizza!
4	If you're a fan of wood fired pizza a la Cibo or Pizzeria Bianco, you'll love this.The restaurant, which has more of a sports bar atmosphere than fine dining attitude, is one big room with a bar separating the main dining room from the patio that overlooks the parking lot. The oven is in everyone's view, as well as an open kitchen plus several sports televisions throughout the restaurant. It is a wonderful place to go if you're looking for a laid-back, low-key atmosphere that doesn't skimp on the quality of food.For starters, my pal and I shared the freaking huge "small" veggie salad ($6.95), which was probably one of the best house salads I've ever had. It had jicama, avocado, corn, tomatoes, green and white beans and house made mozzarella, and I got it with ranch. The combination of all those yummy veggies was amazing.Then for dinner, we each got our own pizzas, and I tried both. Based on the big portion of the salad, we should have split one pizza, because we both ended up taking half of our 12-inch pies home. I got a cheese pizza ($9.95) with tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese, and I added goat cheese and olives to it ($2 each). The goat cheese was so flavorful, and the consistency of the dough was soft and chewy, like I like it. I thought my order was really great.My pal got the artichoke pizza ($12.95), which came sauceless with fontina and ricotta cheese, caramelized onions and olives. We both wished there would have been sauce on the pizza, but his also tasted great with the variety of cheeses.I think the restaurant is a great deal for the portions it gives you, and I'll definitely be going back soon.
5	Some of the best pizza I have ever eaten. They have exceptional sangria, great service and staff, and the outdoor misters always wonderful as well.
2	Pro:  tasty pizza.  decent for kids.  riedel wine glasses.  Con:  spotty service.   needs a good scouring.We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.  They came out of the chutes well when they opened a couple of years ago but have become rough around the edges lately.  The staff often seems overwhelmed, there's usually a suspicious stench from the bathroom area and it feels like there's a film of "muck" on the tables that needs more attention.   The bacon/egg pizza is good as is the calimari.  The servers hustle and are friendly but seem overworked.  The kids+ happy hour specials are good.  The wine is good and served in real wine glasses On balance,   we're going to wait for them to right the ship before we return.
1	Our pizza was burnt and service was so slow. We will not be returning to this location.
1	After seeing a movie we decided to hit Humble Pie for a light bite. We got there just before 9:30. Just a few tables in the restaurant but the hostess was very friendly and we took a seat at the bar. It goes down hill from here! The waiter comes over and says he just wants to let us know they close at 10 and since there aren't many tables in the place they will be putting chairs on the tables and they want out of there. NICE! I can't believe we stayed. We ordered an appetizer and a pasta dish. Both were mediocre at best. We finished and had to wait for the rude waiter to appear with our check. We used to think it was a cute neighborhood restaurant, now, not so much.
2	While the food is good, the service is terrible.  We went on Sunday evening, when kids are supposed to be free.  We were charged for our oldest child without anyone even saying anything, and when we asked about it, they actually questioned her age.  The manager rolled his eyes when we explained that our child was 12.  Seriously?  My kids aren't even big for their ages, especially compared to many of their friends.  Ironically, our daughter wasn't even over the age limit, but even if she was, was it really worth it to lose regular customers over one $5 meal?  We had actually eaten here at least 6 times this summer, and after this experience, we will not go back.  Good call, manager... hope it was worth it.
5	I loved the menu; it was small but included everything you would want. They have many interesting items on the menu, too. They have a very good lunch offering, and a great beer menu. The wait staff is efficient and very friendly. I look forward to coming back to Scottsdale so I can eat there again. I did not try any of their appetizers, so next time it will be during Happy Hour.
4	Solid 4....   been there twice for lunch.They serve the thin crust pizza which isn't my favorite, but the flavor is good; so a trade off.Pro's- lunch special good deal (large personal pie & salad)- Gorgonzola salad fantastic!- good service (saw some knocks in other reviews, didn't encounter)- atmosphere good; it does seem a mix of bar/restaurant - that's okay.Con's- I prefer a little thicker crustI'll come back.  It's a solid go-to place when hankering some za.
4	Great place to grab a quick bite at lunch with really good prices for lunch specials. Soup and salad, small pizza, or soup and half sandwich are less than $10! All ingrediants are fresh and the service is friendly and fast. Never have to wait for food more than 5-10 minutes a the most.
3	Went here for lunch today with a big group. The speedy lunch option is a good way to go. It's only about $10 for a 9-in pizza and a soup/salad, and you'll probably get to take some of the pizza home (unless you're starving). Everything was just ok. It was good enough to eat, but I didn't fall in love with anything. Their butternut squash soup was pretty good, but it's not as good as the one I can make at home. I heard the Veggie Salad is sort of the fav, but didn't get it myself and the people who did didn't comment on it. The pizzas were also ok, but no one was ready to rave about their pizza at the end of the meal, EXCEPT for the fig pizza (sorry I don't have the official name because it's not on their website/dinner menu)!So, for an easy, quick bite, it's probably a place to try if you're in the area. But I don't plan on going back again, and I probably wouldn't recommend it to friends considering the other great restaurants in the area (esp. at the Borgata across the street).
3	Little slow at lunch but they seemed understaffed. Sausage pizza was good and about what I expected from friend reviews. They seem to have good specials on thursdays for "date nights" but it's just average. Nothing special but if I was in the area and wanted pizza I'd go in again.
2	This place makes me crazy. I would really want to love it here. Close to my house, good beer on draft, good salads, good pizza. (Too small for my boyfriend; he's not coming back.) I NEVER get greeted quickly here. I sat at the bar for 10? minutes at lunchtime. and at least 3 people walked by. They must have seen me; it's like they avoid making eye contact and won't offer a glass of water until they have time. This has happened every time I've been there. Once we were seated the service improved, but I had to go from irate to barely satisfied.
4	This place was delicious. Im a vegetarian and I found this place to have a good selection and what I ate was tasty to boot. I went for lunch on a saturday, they had a special 9" pizza w/ salad $9.95ish in price. I had the goat cheese pizza it was about 4 slices and the veggie salad (avocado, jicama, white beans, green beans, tomatoes, house mozzarella, herb vinaigrette) honestly the salad was better than the pizza. The pizza crust reminds me of a sweeter version of true italian pizza- thin, crisp, personal sized.
4	Great Pizza!!
4	Great salad, fast service and respectable pizza.  The bar setting makes this a welcoming hangout.
4	decent
5	It was nice to get back to this old favorite. it's been a few months but Im always happy to stop in.I think the place has lost its personal touch it once garrnered, and service has never been it's stong point, but It's the great food that comes out of the kitchen that I love so much. Tried somthing new tonight, it was the meat lovers pizza (odd name) but it sure was tasty! and I have never been without the chopped salad, possibly the very best salad in town.We were in a rush and got in and out in about 50 minutes. Thats pretty good for dinner on a friday night.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Scottsdale. The Pizza is great and if you go at lunch there lunch special pizza and salad is great!
1	Our pizza was burnt and service was so slow. We will not be returning.
4	In town on business and looking for a place to eat on a Sunday night. This worked out great. Casual atmosphere, friendly staff, good food. Their pizza tastes handmade and not cookie cutter style like so many other places. As others have said the crust is thin, but it's very good and the flavor makes up for it regardless of what style you like. They have a good selection of food on their menu: pizza, pasta, sandwiches, salad. Really something for everyone. Their fried donut holes for dessert were yummy and fun for us all to share and felt like a bunch of kids with smiles on our faces as we ate the them.
5	The most delicious pizza I have had in a long time.  I order the pancetta and fried egg pizza. I paired it with the tempranillo.  Both were so tasty.  The crust was just the right thickness and was just crispy enough without being burnt.
3	The lunch deal is a good option for $10/person since you get a pretty good amount of good food!I had their cranberry walnut salad (I think that is what it was) and it was delicious!Then this last time I got the wedge salad-- the lettuce was limp, some parts were turning brown.  No big deal I figures-- boy was I mistaken... stomach aches for the next three hours here we come!Also, the grilled chicken that we requested on my friend's salad tasted like processed meat, it was weird, but it tasted like the chicken you get from McDonald's.Anyway, I would come back for sure, but I think I'm going to go with the pizza next time, since it seems like you can't really go wrong with that option.Parking is awful between 1130 and 1230, so be sure to avoid those times, or just be ready to lurk for a spot for a few extra minutes.The wait staff is really fantastic and they do just about anything to make you happy, even if they seem like they have an attitude, they're really willing to help out as best they can to make the experience pleasant for you.
4	My friend and I were looking to go to a sushi place around the corner but since that restaurant turned out to be permanently closed, she told me that Humble Pie would be a good place grab some dinner. It took us about 10 minutes to get a table, as it was a Friday night and it was packed. We didn't know what we wanted to eat right away (obviously I didn't as I don't even live in AZ) so our waitress left us and came back. We ordered bruschetta for an appetitizer, 2 tomato, mozzarella, basil, balsamic reduction & 2 roasted red peppers, goat cheese, tomato jam. Both were very good and I would definitely order them again. I ordered the BBQ chicken pizza for dinner (smoked mozzarella, bacon, fontina, green, & bbq sauce) without green onions and it was AMAZING (perhaps because I was starving after hiking Camelback that morning). Great crust and a generously sized pizza, I ate the rest of it for lunch the following day.We split a 6" cookie pizza and it was good, not the best of that dish I've ever had but it's hard to go too wrong with a hot chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. The one thing about eating here that kinda put me off was our waitress. She wasn't very attentive but this may have been because they were busy. We had to wait over 10 minutes from when finished dinner before we could order dessert.
2	Read Yelp before our family chose Humble Pie as our destination restaurant this afternoon.....what a Joke.Apple Arugula salad was decent, but could have been so much more. Missing something, not quite complete flavor pairing was missing a component to pull it all together.But that was just a glimpse of what was to come.Our server Forest was polite and suggested we get another round due to happy hour ending so we did.3 Pizza's were ordered, and the BBQ came highly recommended from the Peoria location,along with the SOP pie and plan cheese & sausage.When they arrived the BBQ was stone cold.Forest was on it and brought another one put immediately....some sorry soul is stuck waiting for his pie to be cooked over again.The summary from the crowd was "Lame".....The pies all had burnt Black residue from an un cleaned oven.Won't need any  carbon in my diet for a while.Wet,weak,wimpy, is all we say.When we explained all this to Forest he seem faintly concerned and said, "but I replaced your cold pie right away.....wouldn't be necessary if Cookie did it right the first time.When we explained that we wouldn't be back that the pizza sucked he said we should have ordered a different one if we didn't like the first choice.I say we won't waste our money, a second time.And that the reviews on Yelp indicated the management doesn't care.So true, no more came to our table.Run....Forest.....Run!!!
1	So, I hate writing bad reviews, especially for a local business. But, when we could get better pizza and a bag of salad at Costco and save the $30 price tag, have to pass it on. Place was nice, but no one seemed to want to be there. The manager walked around saying 'boo' to no one, the cooks couldn't get an order right for our table or the 2 others next to us, and the food was really disappointing. Pizza had absolutely NO taste and the salad was totally just chopped lettuce and a slice of avocado for $13. The only reason it gets a single star is for our waitress - she was so kind and helpful, felt sorry for her to be working there. Plenty of other places to go in the area, but not here.
3	Food was awesome however the service definitely needs work. Our waiter had absolutely no personality and never once asked us how everything was. He definitely seemed annoyed that he even had to help us. What could've easily been a great experience, resulted in an ok one.
2	So we are visiting from San Antonio, TX came here for a quick bite to eat. The 1st night it was great.... Great food good service. Today lets just say... Left much to be desired. The food was great the service could if used a tune up. The waiter gave us attitude because we asked for individual checks. Told us he had other tables and was busy. I'm sorry my money is good you should earn your tip!
5	Great food, Adam is such a friendly and professional bartender/server. Clean, great atmosphere. I'm a regular now.
3	How do you approach a place that makes fancy pizzas, but is also a small chain with overly trendy decor?  I feel like if you set your expectations properly, you can have an enjoyable meal at a place like this.No, this isn't the best pizza you can find.  But it's better than you'd think it would be.They had some interesting topping combinations.  Some of them sounded pretty good.  I think they were inventive without being too gimmicky.At the same time, the best pizza places are the ones that throw just a few toppings on, make sure they contrast well and are high quality, and let the rest of the pie speak for itself.  Here, you get the feeling that the focus on the toppings is covering for an otherwise pedestrian pizza.  But that's OK, if you're not expecting the best pizza in the world.I went with the clam pizza.  I was really excited to find someone in Phoenix makes a clam pizza.  After eating a slice or two, I decided that putting the red peppers on there was a mistake.  Red peppers are too dominant: they overpowered the clams, which should have been the focal point here.Really, it's not a bad place.  As far as small local pizza chains are concerned, it is miles ahead of Sauce.  You won't hate your meal, but if you can handle the pretentiousness of Pomo, you might as well go across the street and have a much better pie.
2	Pizza is average - they use the "sweet" sauce which I do not care for. Pomo is better. Service was very slow and not very nice.
2	I feel sorry for your arizonans, who while having an enormous amount of places to eat at, have to settle for such mediocrity.  Here in LA these restaurants wouldn't stand a chance of staying in business for this reason.Visiting friends recommended this place as "great" and so we had take out, which in all fairness does affect food quality.  But this is pizza, probably the best takeout food one can order.  Ordered the BLT pizza and it was a monstrosity.  Picture bacon on a sauceless pie, with a side order of shredded lettuce and tomatoes with a ramekin of mayonaise on the side!That is exactly what this dish is.  Disgusting!  Whoever in their right mind thought mayonaise on a pizza was a good idea needs their head examined.Also ordered the strawberry and gongonzola salad which was edible, just not great.  Prices were the best part of this place, a bad attempt at knocking off CPK(which I wish we went to).  Calories are too precious to be wasted on bad or mediocre food.  Avoid this place if you agree.....
5	Great Pizza, good pastas!
4	This was a good pizza! We were looking for a simple place to eat while we were visiting our son in Scottsdale and we happened upon this pizza place. The service was good and the pizza was good and the price was okay.In addition to the pizza, we had an antipastos plate which was very good or we could have been very hungry. I would definitely recommend this place.
3	Ordered online for a pick up. I waited over 5 minutes to even get helped when I got to the restaurant, and then they couldn't find my order. When I got home, the pizza tasted like it had been sitting out for a while. I gave it another chance and dined in for lunch one day. The food was definitely better and the lunch special is a good value.  Service again was slow.
4	Thursday night Date Night is a great special.   This is great food at an easy price.  Staff and atmosphere are comfortable.  Love the Pizza and Anti- Pasta board.
4	I enjoyed a nice Father's Day dinner here last weekend. It took a few min to get a table inside since we hasn't made a reservation. The hostess was able to luckily squeeze us inside as opposed to the patio. There was a great promotion going on for a free pizza that day. We started with beer and appetizers. None of the happy hour food items sounded that great but all draft beer was only $2.50! Can't beat that especially with a good selection of local beer like sleepy dog and four peaks. For apps, we tried the fried ravioli and spicy buffalo wings. Both were excellent, I would def recommend the ravioli! The app margerita pizza we ordered was pretty small but tasty. The full size pizzas come in a huge variety of toppings.. We tried the goat cheese and artichoke pizzas. I recommend the goat cheese pizza as it had fresh cuts of grape tomatoes. The crust was perfectly chewy and wood fired, my favorite kind if pizza. All in all, a great meal, made better by good happy hour and free pizza for Father's Day! Not sure if I'd come back during normal hours since the pizzas are on the pricier end.
4	I'm definitely a fan of Humble Pie for lunch or dinner. The Caprese is awesome - different twist on this appetizer with burrata cheese and warm cherry tomatoes. Really good lunch combos and specialty pizzas - my fav pizzas are the Grilled Chicken Pesto, BBQ Chicken, and Prosciutto & Pear.  Nice, chill atmosphere - not one of the cheaper pizza spots in the area but the lunch specials are really reasonably priced and I've heard they have a good happy hour. Service can be hit or miss but they have a nice covered patio that's perfect when the weather is nice.
4	Really good pizza, with tasty crust and excellent flavor from the sauce.
5	My wife and I love this place for Thursday date night. The food, service and wine selection is spot on. Great place to go with a few friends too.
4	I love the food at Humble Pie. Their Prosciutto and Pear pizza is amazing. I also love their wings and salads. I really have only one complaint and it's in regards to the way they sit people there.  We like to go there when it's not busy but no matter if there is only one other couple in the joint, they will sit you right next to them.  I mean literally right next to them, like a couple of feet away while the rest of the room is empty. It might not seem like that big of deal to most but it bothers us. But like I said, this is my only complaint. We continue going back because the food is so good. Btw, the Scottsdale location is a lot better than the Peoria location. The one in Peoria is ridiculously loud and I felt the food was inferior.
5	The Tuna Melt was absolutely incredible. Best I've ever had.
2	The family and I really enjoyed going here after church on Sundays but this last time (today) really changed our minds.  I had the chicken parm pizza for the first time and it was GROSS!  The chicken parm tasted like processed greasy pieces of breading with just a hint of chicken inside.  It didn't even look like chicken parm,  YUCK!!! my daughter had the cheese pizza, she even said it was just "ok."  So I tried it and it really was just ok.  The sauce tasted like mass produced pizza sauce from a can at Sams club.  I don't what has changed since the last time we were there but it wasn't for the better.  I will say I had the wedge salad and it was absolutely phenomenal.  If your looking for good pizza I used to tell people Humble pie, but not anymore I'll suggest Sauce from now on.
4	This is my first Yelp review! I had the smoked proscuitto pizza here and absolutely loved the crust. Very artisinal. The service was pretty fast and our server was really funny and attentive. I will try the caprese one next time hopefully during happy hour.
4	Pizza is pretty good, but I go for the pizza cookie!  Warm, gooey chocolate chip cookie a la mode. SOOOO good.
4	Tasty wood-fired pizza with more uncommon ingredient options for your pie. There's a cute patio area too that you can dine in when the weather's nice.We came here and got the express lunch special. They have 3 different options, and we chose the pizza and soup/salad option for $9.95. I had the minestrone soup and the roasted mushroom pizza. The soup was hearty and full flavored, with chunks of spicy sausage, veggies, and pasta. One slight negative was that the pasta was overcooked/mushy. The roasted mushroom pizza had a nice earthy taste from the mushrooms, some salty bites from the pancetta, and creaminess from the fresh mozzarella. There was no sauce on the pizza, and I did miss the tomato flavor on the pizza a bit. The crust, while a nice balance of crispy and chewy, was burnt around the sides. Service was good and drinks were refilled as needed.They have great happy hour and "date night" specials that I will definitely take advantage of if I'm in this area and craving pizza.
5	Fernando was our waiter and he was the BEST!  We were a group of 6 and in a time crunch and he accommodated us so well that we actually had enough time to enjoy our lunch!  Oh, and the food was Deelish!
5	We had a great experience when we went here for lunch. All of the food was very good -- from the salads to the bruschetta to the pizza. Our waiter was also very helpful and attentive. I only wish they had gluten-free options for pizza!
2	My son wanted to treat his boyfriend and me to dinner, wanted something near the theater we were headed too and something they haven't tried.  I saw Humble Pie was in the area and asked if they were game and yes they were. Now I have heard good sold things about Humble Pie from many friends so I was pretty excited to try them out.  It was Sunday night around 5:30, we walked in and where greeted right away and asked how many in the party, then the host turned his back , a server walked up and asked how many in the party, I had to answer because it appeared the host had better things to do, why even ask if you didn't even care.We were seated handed menus and drink orders were taken.  For appetizers I ordered the toasted ravioli,  they were stuffed with ricotta cheese and served with marinara sauce. To be honest this dish lacked flavor, Prego sauce has more flavor that the marinara sauce that came with it.  1/2 the raviolis were toasted perfectly, the other were just hard. Even though the dish looked great the dish didn't wow me. My son ordered the lasagna, which was the winning dish of the night, everything cooked perfectly!  His date ordered the Penne with Vodka Sauce with chicken (5 buck upcharge, when it came out it looked like adding the chicken to the dish was an afterthought, it was just a chicken breast diced up lying on top of the pasta. The sauce had great color but lacked flavor. Since I was at Humble Pie, pie is what I am getting right?  Wood oven cooked pizza sounded amazing!  I ordered the bbq chicken pizza with smoked mozzarella, bacon, fontina, green onions and bbq sauce, the bbq chicken is one of my favorite types of pizza, so I was pretty excited. When I got my pizza it looked pretty amazing, but when I started to eat it, I noticed it was covered with grease, even my crust was soaked in grease, I couldn't eat it all, my belly was becoming a grease pit, it was just too much for me.  Our server was never around (it wasn't that busy) the food was ok, the place looks like a lot of fun, the lasagna rocked, but my return rate very low.
1	Had a salad to go and you would think they would include utensils.  Nope!  I called in the manager and his response was we assume that people don't need utensils. They're available if you ask.  Seriously not a good customer service response.
4	This place is on our regular rotation and it's consistently tasty. We get their pizza. Their pies are all one size -10 inches, thin crust but with a heartier surrounding edge; light, flavorful sauce, and varying cheeses/toppings. The margherita pizza has light, fresh mozzarella, while the veggie has heavier toppings and heavier cheese.We usually get take-out. There's a separate counter for pick ups, with a little pizza warmer so your food doesn't get cold while it wait for you. It's always quick.
4	I was shocked at how big this location is (when compared to the tiny spot they have in Downtown Phoenix).  It was almost full and the servers were run ragged due to being short staffed, poor dears, but they fit us in.  We had to wait, but they warned us that would be the case, and we were happy to talk and be on a date (with kids, it is rare).The server was excellent, the bartender picked up the slack by coming from behind the bar to get drink orders, and once the order was in, the meal came out fast, hot and perfect.I will happily go back.
4	After hiking Camelback mountain for the first time and almost making it to the top before my fear of heights took over and sent me back down the trail, I decided I was in the mood for pizza. Not just Domino's sloppy pizza, but a pizza that made you feel gourmet, a little healthier than the usual stuff. Well, we turned to google maps and came across this tasty little joint. From the outside, you wouldn't be able to tell that the interior is surprisingly updated and clean.Me, my fiance, and my daughter sat at a table right in front of the big screen TV over the bar to watch the Cards game. It was happy hour, so we had $2.50 draft beers, and ordered their appetizer fries, complete with ranch and nacho cheese dip. They were uh-mazing. I ate so many of the fries that I was almost too full by the time they brought out our pizza. I went with the chicken pesto and tomato pizza (DELISH) and my man went with a build your own creation, similar to a chicago style pizza. The kid ate free (bonus). We had plenty of leftover pizza to take home with us, which, BTW, it heats up nicely and tastes great the next day.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because they don't have pineapple as a topping choice. I have been eating pineapple on my pizza since I was 12, so this was disappointing. But, it did force me to try something new, in which I was impressed with. As for gourmet-I would say a lot better than a run of the mill pizza joint. The dough isn't greasy, and the topping combinations/themes were unique (i.e. prosciutto & pear), but also classic (i.e. pepperoni). Would definitely go back with the family.
5	Great pizza and a decent beer selection. Wait staff was fantastic and extremely gregarious. I strongly recommend asking for Doug and sitting at the bar if you'd like to know more about what there is to do around Phoenix. I would definitely go back!
3	We have generally enjoyed our visits to Humble Pie over the years but have recently noticed quite a bit of inconsistency. The pizza is great one week and the next  burnt to a crisp as if prepared with a blow torch. A bit more quality control is in order.
4	This is a great, casual pizza place.Thursday nights they have an amazing date night special.Their pizzas are good.  I had the BBQ Chicken and it has a nice little kick.My fiance had a pasta and we weren't as impressed with that.For what it is, it's great.  We will definitely be back.
3	Went to dinner with a friend of mine.Atmosphere was nice nothing special, service was adequate.Food- I ordered the steak and chicken chili (I know why that) and it was just awful. It was similar to a soup you would buy at frys grocery store where it's dumped out of a big container and heated up.Friend had pepperoni & sausage pizza and I had a slice. Decent, wouldn't go back for mediocre quality. Not horrible just par.
2	Have tried it several times for pizza and the pasta and the food is good but the portions were lunch portions at dinner prices
5	We did lunch here with some friends visiting from out of town and it was absolutely amazing.  The service was excellent, and the food was even better.  Normally, I'm not a huge fan of restaurant pizza, but this was just amazing.  We had the white pizza with sangria and it was a perfect meal.  Can't wait to go back.
5	This place is awesome! I've never had a bad experience here. Food is delicious! I'm addicted to the vodka penne pasta dish with chicken! Super YUMM!!! I order my stuff to go & I never have to wait long. Staff has been friendly every time I pop in & the cookie pizza thing is another delicious item!!!
1	Regular bar food in bar atmosphere. Tried to b hip but no go. Service extremely average. Server didn't even introduce herself.  Don't bother going. Many other better choices including OREGANOS PIZZA.
5	Awesome!!!!! The veggie salad was a great choice. I would absolutely recommend it to everyone. We had the chicken Parmesan pizza which was also delicious. They have the most amazing pizza dough. We started out with the caprice  app which was yummy and original
5	This is my go to spot! Cheap happy hour, great bartenders and the best pizza. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
5	Always a favorite place to come to when visiting. Outstanding food for great prices. Thanks!
5	Great personal pan pizzas. Salads too. Nice servers. Clean restrooms. Lots of space. Not too crowded.
5	Delicious pizzas!  Great experiences on 2 different occasions pre-ordering pizza for office parties.  We've tried about 10 of the pizzas on the menu and they're ALL delicious.  (Well, one guy didn't like the Organic Local Vegetable but I think he's just a veggie hater.)Easy to order online, then swing by to pick up.  FYI pizzas are small - each serves 1-2 people depending on your appetite.  Guys would probably want their own.  Not a bad idea to also order an appetizer -- even if you have leftovers this pizza tastes great the next day!
2	My wife and I have been going to Humble Pie for the last five years. Over time the quality has continued to diminish. Our last experience was pretty rough. We had a server with a snarky attitude and both of our pizza's looked horrible when they came out. The pizzas looked like the maker took handfuls of topping and just throw them on the pizza in a big pile. We sent one of the pizza's back where the server agreed about how the pizza was poorly put together, but was not happy to go to the kitchen. Unfortunately, the quality control seems to be missing from this restaurant. Hopefully they can turn things around as Humble Pie use to be a good pizza place
5	I've  been to several of their locations throughout the Valley and hands down, one of the best pies around! I haven't tried their other food but why would I when this place is known for their pizza? Pizza's are on the smaller side but their pizza menu is fantastic...highly recommend the mushroom & pancetta pizza! Service is spotty depending on which location and time of day you go but overall very good dining experience!
4	Boyfriend and I found this place on Yelp and thought it sounded pretty good. We ordered a pepperoni pizza and the mac and cheese, and liked both quite a bit. He really liked the crust on the pizza and I did too. Only negative was no substitutions on the pizzas they have listed - would have ordered a BBQ Chicken pizza if I could have removed the onions.
5	I had the fig and prosciutto pie. It was to die for! I can't wait to try the others! Yum!
1	I don't get why anyone would call this pizza delicious.  The only thing good about the pepperoni pizza was the pepperoni.  The crust had all the flavor of a paper plate. They put a pinch of cheese on the pie and call it a pizza.  The best description of this pizza, in my opinion, is bland.  Maybe it's because I'm spoiled after having pizza as delicious as Joe's NY Pizza in Old Town, but this pizza is a big yawn.  The venue is great.  They just need a new recipie for pizza.
3	I had a late lunch here recently and while the food was great, as usual, the service was a bit lacking.  I arrived at 12:50 pm and no one was there to seat me and no one approached until the telephone started ringing and a man rushed up to answer it and take a pizza order, all while I stood there unacknowledged.  I guess the way to get noticed at Humble Pie is to call.The server forgot to bring my companion's water and I had to ask for silverware and a napkin.  My companion asked for hot pepper for her pizza but it was never delivered.  After the food came, she got up and got the pepper for herself.  In general, we just didn't feel that the restaurant was paying that much attention to us.  Getting poor service at a late lunch is something has happened to me before at various restaurants (e.g., Bistro 24 at the Ritz Carlton; Arizona Biltmore) and I wonder if the staff sort of "lets down" after the lunch rush and late diners don't get much attention.  I'm not sure.  Would I come back here?  Yes, probably, because the menu is good.
4	Took a while for our server to recognize us, but we entered at the peak of their business. They do an early dinner crowd for the older folks and then it turned into a ghost town after 7pm. We all had good meals and shared the meatball appetizer. My chop salad (large) was enormous and delicious, only thing I would have added was banana peppers. Kids pasta and corn dog and fries were fine. Wife's chicken sandwich was good. Solid bottle of Tempranillo and we were done with a $78 bill not including tip. Would go again. I am carb free right now which is why no pie :-).
