5	Grabbed the Island BBQ combo.  The meat was very tender and moist, the rice had just the right amount of stickiness and the customer service was outstanding. I can't wait to try something else the next time I go back. This is a family owned restaurant. It is immaculately clean and welcoming. Glad to have it in the neighborhood!
5	As a regular of L&L BBQ in San Bruno, all I can say is, HOLY SHIT. But in a good way. Maybe it's because it's family owned, or that it was a good batch of chicken, or that I hadn't eaten all day, but that was the best BBQ chicken combo I've had. Ever. Thinking back, it was probably because I was hungry as hell. But 5 stars until I come back and find out otherwise.
4	Leo's opened up on Bell and 75th not too long ago and I've got to admit, I was pretty reluctant to give it a try. The closest decent Hawaiian BBQ joint can be found in Happy Valley off the 17th, which is quite a drive for students like me who go to school up the street aways.Upon entering, you'll see a teenage boy at the register, his mom wiping down the tables, and his dad cooking in the back (all safe assumptions- they look alike). They all will gladly welcome you as if you just walked into their house for a New Year's party; it's quite adorable really.On to the food- I got the BBQ chicken small plate while my friend got the Loco Moco, $5 + $7.50 + $2 Hawaiian drinks. Prices are decent. You pay, and they bring you the food once you sit. Takes about 5-10 min; you can see the dad make your food. Both dishes come with a scoop (or 2) of rice and a scoop of macaroni salad. The chicken was cooked well; it wasn't oily and was a good amount of tender. It's fresh and filling. I'll stop by again to give their other menu options a try. It's good to support local business and I hope this one makes it!
5	Our group totaled 5 people, and we arrived in two separate cars.  Parking was easy on a rainy Saturday night, as the place is located in the mini-mall across from Arrowhead Mall. I surveyed two others here at the house, afterwards - one rated it a 4 star, one rated it 3.2 "because it's freakin' small" and I gave it a 4.5, for a total of 3.9 stars. I'd bet the actual stars went up if I asked the other two, as they thought it was ultra-convenient to be able to walk next door afterwards and have their pick of 31 flavors of ice cream. So, the place is SMALL. Not much seating inside, with a few two-tops outside (which don't do any good on the few days in Phoenix it does rain). However, the staff immediately drug a 2-top next to a 4-top to accomodate a party of 5, as the tables designed for that were taken. Extra points there, for sure. Food was great, and they brought us samples of beef/chicken to taste as we decided. We tried quite a few things - although somehow nobody went with the Spam, nor the fish available - which are both valuable menu items and Spam is hard to find - so if you want it, u can get it here, a couple of different ways. You can get combo meals (2 or more items), mini meals (1 item), or "burger" options on a few thngs. Meals come with rice (somewhat sticky and fluffy), pasta salad which is basically pasta, carrots and mayo (yay! no "salad whip" crap) but could use a bit of spicing up. Oh yeah, they lay the proteins on a bed of steamed (?) cabbage. Nice touch, cooked so its crisp yet tender. The beef and pork are very good. The chicken I think we all agreed leaned a bit to the too-sweet teriyaki side. Crab rangoons are nicely fried, with a bit of crab and a mild cream cheese. I heard the egg rolls were also tasty, the veggies were minced well so no "stringy" problems,  with a kick of fresh ginger and a nice thin wrapper. Portions on everything we ordered were large. Everyone had leftovers. So, don't let the price discourage you - and you might consider sharing a combo.Sweet/sour sauce was sweet with little sour. Teriyaki is, well, teriyaki. The soy sauce was Korean, and a bit on the light side - but I'm kinda set in my ways on soy sauce. Service, as I eluded to - was awesome. Totally family-run from what I could tell. A lot of Hawaiian patrons surrounded us - so I'd suspect its as authentic as you might get on the mainland, in the middle of the desert.  They also have a selection of Hawaiian-made beverages in cans, which aren't spectacular, but I chose to go that route (no one else did) because I like to support businesses that import specific items! Otherwise, they have Coca-cola products and I prefer Pepsico. #justsayin.If yer in the mall, or wanna try some bbq that isn't bathed in smoke or one of the well-known styles of sauce, give this a shot, for sure. If you are looking for a kick of spice, bring yer own - because I didn't see any way to kick it up a notch. It's very "commerical and chain-looking" from the outside, but I can assure you it doesn't taste that way. I forgive their choice of mall location and wish them well! We'll go back for sure.I added a scan of one side of the menu for an idea of what they have! Check it in the photo section!
5	I am a huge fan of Ono's Hawaiian food so when I noticed this place I got excited.  It looks just like Ono's and tastes just like Ono's!  The service was great.  Super friendly staff.Give it a shot!
5	-ALOHA!!! If you crave the creamy taste of authentic macaroni salad from Hawaii, look no further...yum, yum, yum!-Kalua pork was tender, smokey, and moist...yum! yum! yum!-Grilled BBQ chicken was tender and so good!...yum! yum! yum!-The noodle soup was so good - $5.99 and the portions are very generous!-Crispy shrimp was crispy, maybe panko breading? It was so good! Not greasy! Perfectly cooked. Must have more!-They even have SPAM on the menu too (if you've been to Hawaii, then you know that SPAM is offered everywhere - even at McD's too!)-Service - FRIENDLY, SUPER NICE, and very cordial. -Order your food at the counter and wait for your number to be called, or they bring it to your table on a tray. Fantastic service!-The PORTIONS are VERY GENEROUS!!! Two people could easily share one combo plate...unless you are a very BIG eater. Two scoops of sticky rice, a scoop of macaroni salad, and sauteed cabbage come with your meal.-They do offer a rice bowl with choice of meat for $4.99 if you want a smaller meal.-CLEAN place!!! Clean restroom!-Parking is very convenient. Leo's is located across the parking lot from Barnes & Nobles and next to Baskin Robbins.-Mahalo!
5	The service at Leo's was beyond excellent! It was nice, clean & the food was fantastic! Most definitely better than L&L's. It's a small, casual, little sit down joint where the food is made fresh. 5 stars for sure! ^-^
5	Oh yes. This place is good!
4	From the outside this place looks nothing special sort of like any fast food joint but when you walk in you see the tables are not lament but granite and the chairs are artwork not banquet and that is a clue that this place is not average .This place IS SPECIAL sort of Rocket burger special and La Comida special so if you are a fan of these kind of family owned places you will love this spot and I feel like a dirt bag for not giving 5 stars since it is so Authentic  and can not be improved ,also the family working here are so nice but I HAVE TO KEEP IT REAL as possible . This is VERY CASUAL eat in styro-foam dining . For ME this is really three star food but it was so over the top of the kind it is a have to add a star and can TOTALLY understand why most people rate this at 5 stars because it really is 5 stars special .We were BLOWN AWAY with our first order here and shared the Chicken and beef BBQ combo and the Lemon pepper chicken . This food was ROCKIN GOOD and so FRESH also the BBQ here in my mind can blow the nearby FAMOUS you know Who Chain away . I also need to mention the portions are extra big so you know .They have many other interesting things to try I have to try the Island Chicken Curry ,  steamed vegetables , Chicken Katsu salad , and some Musubi and I need to try in future visits at some point for me .This IS A TRUE GEM of PEORIA and across from Arrowhead mall Area it is a crime if you pass this one by .
5	My hubby and I went here for lunch after church one Sunday. We like "mom and pop" restaurants and found this little gem across from Barnes and Noble. Must say that we LOVED it! I got the chicken teriyaki and deep fried shrimp, and he got the same add deep fried fish. The chicken was so tender, the sauce amazing! Nice batter on the shrimp, not greasy or heavy. The dipping sauce (can't spell it) had a great tangy/sweet flavor that we both enjoyed. Good service, clean restaurant, nice portion sizes. Well worth a stop! Support your local eateries!
4	This is my go to take out place.If you're in the mood for this type of food, it is awesome.  This food is normally prepared a little on the greasy end, because, well, it's BBQ Hawaiian food, but somehow it doesn't hit you like "aw man I feel post big mac and fries."  The macaroni melts in your mouth.  Food is always very fresh.PRICING IS EXCELLENT FOR THE QUALITY OF FOOD.SERVICE IS TOP NOTCH.  Always sincere, humble, kind, attentive, and smart.For 5 stars I'd need just a few more healthy options.  Brown rice, more veges.
3	As soon as I ordered the seafood combo I knew I ordered the wrong thing,  it came with some BBQ chicken all dark meat, the flavor was good but dark meat grosses me out, the  shrimp was really good,  light and crispy but not a bit greasy, the fish was just OK for me, nice light breading but it was a tad greasy. it came on a bed of steamed cabbage that was tasty, a scoop of plain white rice and some macaroni salad that was nothing more than noodles some shredded carrot and mayo nothing special here. I really want to try the lemon pepper chicken and will skip the rice and macaroni and get steamed veggies next time.
2	If your looking for something chewier than beef jerky then try the short ribs. Jerky has more flavor but I think I lost weight trying to put this meal down. The BBQ Chicken (chicken like product?) was so processed it was flavorless and texture free. The other meat product that came on the #8 special was the toughest of all. Now take all of these items and drown them in a sugar based sauce and you've got a real desperate mans treat. Avoid this place!
4	I tried this place on a whim on a day that I was especially missing local grindz from Hawaii. Their portions are huge with a meat to rice to mac salad ratio of 2:1:1 - a typical feature of Hawaiian food. Their kalua pig (shredded pork) was tender and had a nice smokey flavor, and the spam musubi even had oyster sauce, a must for musubi in my opinion. They were nice enough to prepare "katsu moco" or chicken katsu (breaded chicken) prepared in the style of a traditional loco moco (sunny side up eggs, and gravy on a bed of rice). The regular loco moco beef patty (Mom, if you're reading this, I swear this is the first time I've had beef in a long, long time!) was a bit odd in texture, but it wasn't bad.This is a great substitute if you're missing the real thing. I wish they had chicken long rice and lau lau on the menu. Mahalo for the great service!
4	I'll go generous on my 3.5 stars for Leo's.  The staff is super friendly and the restaurant is spotless.  I ordered the Kalua pig plate lunch and found the rice to be, well, plain rice as it should be and the macaroni salad was also good and simple as it should be.Now, I've had the real deal when visiting Hawaii-whole hog lathered with salt and wrapped in banana leaves cooked in an imu (big hole in the ground).  I think the county health dept. would take issue with that cooking method, so I'm not going to fault Leo's for that :)  But at least IMHO the pork needed more salt-it was tender with a hint of smoke but was underseasoned.  And Kalua Pig should make me retain water just lookin' at it!!  My opinion, if you think L&L's is too salty you might enjoy Leo's.All in all I will return and try some of their other dishes.
4	I visited this location after getting my nails done and was pleasantly surprised. The kalua pork plate was delicious and reminded me of home in Hawaii.  It could have had more salt, but all around it was very tasty.  The macaroni salad was as it should be and the rice was perfect with the Aloha Shoyu provided!  The manapuas were smaller than I'm used to, but still tasty and the spam musubi was delicious as well.  I think this place is wonderful!
5	1st time visit. Read several positive reviews and thought it would be a good place to take my daughter visiting from Boston. I had the pulled pork and it was excellent. My wife had the fish (MahiMahi) & shrimp and loved it. Both daughters had chicken, orange & lemon pepper, and were very happy with it. Very generous servings. Sides of crab rangoons, cabbage & sticky rice were all very good. Ordered the seafood soup w/crab, shrimp &scallops. That will have to wait for home...too full   Will definitely be back & spread the word
4	This place REALLY is a GEM for FAST CASUAL dining, my last meal I tried is my current favorite. Musubi with Steamed Vegetables, the Musubi is like a GIANT sort of sushi a sticky rice roll that has a center of breaded fish or chicken with a pleasant slightly sweet sauce and it is wrapped in Norri. Musubi is on the appetizer platter for only $3.59 and you get TWO,they are LARGE and measure two inch wide by 4 inch long and I had the fish ones and they were very tasty and you can only eat one at a meal,if you are a normal eater.I also had steamed vegetables, they were so fresh and tasty for simple steamed vegetables and I ate all I could of the carrots, broccoli, cabbage, and snow peas and they were guilt free and healthy.I spent VERY little and enjoyed my meal very much and had half to enjoy again  latter for another nearly guilt free mostly healthy meal. (see my photo)I have been here a few times and tried several different dishes so I think they really do offer something for many people with different taste and this place really is a BEST for fast casual dining near the Arrowhead Mall area. Also the Maui Burger is so awesome good,Yummy yummy! delish!They are FAMILY OWNED and Operated and are very accommodating to you.
5	Wow,  this place is amazingly tasty and affordable!Came into this place shortly after it opened and i was blown away by the tastiness of their food. The Spam Misubi is tasty and well prepared. The macaroni salad is soo awesome it'll make you say "Boom goes the dynamite!" The inside is very plainly decorated but that doesn't matter when your food tastes that good. Try it, you'll be glad you did.
5	Our favorite Hawaiian BBQ place is not close to home, that being said we were so excited to see that Leo's Island BBQ opened up. The food is great and always fresh, a family favorite for sure. I normally order the chicken katsu and my boyfriend likes the chicken/ seafood mix with chicken, fish & fried shrimp. The macaroni salad is great, fresh & creamy just how it should be. The staff is super friendly. Long story short, we love Leo's Island BBQ; hope they are around for a long time!
5	I love this place! A friend recommended it to me. I had never had Hawaiian food before, so I thought it would be fun to try. So far I've had the katsu chicken and kalua pork, both were great and were huge portions. I don't usually like mac salad, but I like it from here. Staff is friendly, and the  food prepared quickly. Will be going back whenever in the Hawaiian
5	If Hawaiian food is what you crave, Leo's is THE place to go!  I've been to the islands and can honestly say, this is as good as it gets!!!  You cant go wrong with anything on their menu.  However if your new to Hawaiian I'd recommend trying either the Kalua pork, or the chicken Katsu.  All meals come with 2 scoops of steamed white rice, steamed cabbage, and macaroni salad.  In terms of price...my wife and I had the above mentioned meals along with 2 drinks.  The total came in UNDER $19!!!  You just can't go wrong at Leo's!!!  Well maybe you can, but it will cost you a hell of a lot more, and you'll need 6 hours to fly there!
3	I had the BBQ sampler for lunch, which contains BBQ chicken and BBQ beef. The beef had a great taste but was a bit tough. The chicken reminded me of the chicken you get at a Chinese buffet. Not so good. The rice and mac sides were ho hum. If I was back in town and ate here again, I would go for the BBQ beef and maybe try the fish and shrimp.
4	A very cool little joint in a strip mall.  We couldn't help but sample each other's food from our party and everything was amazing.
4	Didn't know what to expect.Went for lunch.Ordered the sampler with the chicken, pork and beef. Ordered an order of fish as well, just so I could try as much as possible.Macaroni salad on side.It was all very good. Healthy? I don't think so, but it did taste good.The place was VERY clean and everyone was nice. Had to wait a little longer for my order as someone came in and obviously ordered for their office. NOT disappointed as so many other places have left me recently.
4	I had a friend from Hawaii who said this was "a lot like home", so skeptical me decided to give it a try. Keep in mind that I have little to no idea of what constitutes Hawaiian food, but I know what I like.And I like Leo's, if ya don't get me anything with spam. The BBQ chicken sandwich (yeah, I wasn't feeling adventurous) was a little sloppy but way good. I like how their sandwiches have generous cucumber slices rather than pickle, and a bit of this sweet, creamy slaw. The chicken katsu was also delicious, and they have some amazing sauces to go with it.You can also choose between a fountain drinks or some awesome nectar they have in the fridge. Prices are VERY affordable, as this will cost you marginally more than a fast food meal, but you get way better stuff.If you're like me and you don't know crap about food from this region, I can't think of a better place to get acquainted.
5	I love this place :) found this little gem tonight while looking for a place to chow down. It was squeaky clean and the staff was nice. I ordered the chicken teriyaki plate,& the portions were huge. Its super cheap and way delish, looking forward to going here again soon.
4	I liked this small place.  Food was delicious, price not too bad, and food came out quickly.  Nice little atmosphere too.
5	I love Leo's even if Leo's doesn't love me very much.  The portions are extremely reasonable for the prices (which don't even get that out of hand for the larger entrees).   The Macaroni salad that they offer with all of their main entrees is delicious and compared to the stuff at the store is almost impossible to beat.  To be honest, I haven't had macaroni salad this good that wasn't homemade.  The staff is polite and the service is usually fairly quick.  The dining room isn't that large and whether you eat in or not, everything is packed in take out boxes, so Leo's doesn't have the best experience for dining-in but the dining room is usually quiet which is nice.   Besides their range of Hawaiian/Pacific food offerings, Leo's also has a selection of Hawaiian drinks available.  If you've never tried Hawaiian style food, Leo's is definitly a good place to try out.   The pineapple chicken is to die for.
5	What a fantastic little hidden gem. Leo's had...Amazing food! We had the family meal and chose BBQ beef, curry chicken, & pork as our entrees...they were all flavored perfectly. Absolutely no need for any spices. I also really enjoyed the macaroni salad, I would just add a little salt and pepper to taste.I always love finding a new "Spot", this is one for sure.
5	I grew up in Hawaii (lived there for 20 years) and after moving to the mainland a few years ago, the only good Hawaiian/Korean style BBQ I've had was in Vegas, which the kama'aina refer to as the 9th island due to the many people from Hawaii who've moved there. Since moving to AZ a year ago, we've only had our cravings satisfied when we go to Vegas, that is, until we found out about Leo's. Granted, it's not 100% authentic, but then again, there's nothing like it out here, especially in the west valley. The bbq chicken is super tender and tasty, mac salad is superb, and the katsu curry is ono-licious! Musubi's are pretty good, though there's too much rice. The broccoli and the occasional romaine lettuce used to soak up the oils is a bit odd, but it doesn't detract from the flavors at all...most of the time the usual cabbage is still used. Our first visit there they were playing some uh..."interesting" music, but subsequent visits have yielded better results, and it finally has more of a local flavor. Add that to the friendly employees/owner and their awesome food, and they've got a regular customer in me. Until of course, when they add spicy chicken or pork to their menu, which means I'm gonna have to go more often!
5	This place is amazing, good pricing, and has the best hours of operation. They have saved me on a few Sunday nights. The Misubi, pork steam buns are delicious. The meats are cooked well and tender. The combination portions feed me through 3 meals.  The only other mainland hawaiian bbq establishment I have been this impressed with was a food cart in PDX, and I'm pretty sure I take Leo's over that.
4	Sometimes I put on my best Hawaiian shirt and go to Leo's. I get their lemon pepper chicken and dip it in the katsu sauce. It's not really a traditional move but I play by my own set of rules. The staff is super friendly. If you ask nicely they might even let you substitute the cabbage for an extra side of macaroni salad. It's a risky move but if it pays off, you'll be in pasta heaven.
2	Not good... People must go here for the price/quanity over quality.  Low quality chicken and beef with a good sauce doesnt make it taste good.  Skippable.
1	I have NO IDEA why people are giving this place such high reviews.  I took a couple friends here for lunch because of the great reviews alone.  I was horribly embarrassed.  I took some pics of what I threw away - pretty much all of it.  I'll try to get them uploaded - you should know what you are in for at this place.The food here is, without contest, the worst food I have had in Phoenix.  I wanted a variety of food to try so I got the Island BBQ Mix.  The "beef" was riddled with gristle.  Most of the meat was tough and completely inedible.  The chicken was rubbery.  I have no idea what the third meat was in the dish but suffice it to say that, after trying to find any tender meat around the bone, I gave up as it turned out to be a useless effort.  The other thing people were raving about in the reviews was the macaroni salad - What the f@$#@$k!?!  I suppose that some people simply love elbow macaroni with mayo....that is all it was - no other flavor of any kind.  I guess I should have turned around and walked out when I saw where you pick up your plastic utensils from an open bin.  One one can only imagine others reaching their filthy hands in to grab a handful of plasticware and put some back.  I would rather eat at a "restaurant" with a drive through than this place.  Save your money and time.  Skip this horrible disappointment.
4	The food was your typical Island's bbq.  Very friendly staff and the place is nice and clean.
1	The clean and bright environment was rather deceptive once the food arrived....awful!  The only thing I could actually taste anything worthwhile was the pork.  The katsu chicken was thin, dry, dark, bland and rigid.  The ribs were full of fat, gristle and very little meat.   I didn't even like the rice or macaroni salad. I'm not sure how you could even mess up cabbage and vegetables, but they did!   I have eaten at other island BBQ's, and the quality at this restaurant is very different.             I could not imagine bringing friends or family here,  I certainly would not give any recommendation to anyone else until the food is up to a decent standard.            Do yourself a favor and move on to another restaurant that takes pride in what they serve, not just slinging whatever comes out of the freezer bag, that's exactly what the food looked like.  If the rest of the food is this bad, this place is in deep trouble.  I don't plan to repeat this gastrointestinal disaster in the near future.
3	Not a bad little place.  I dropped in on this place after skipping out on work early.  I was pretty damn hungry, and after walking by Leo's, I just thought that I would drop in.  I got the BBQ Sampler, which I thought was a good first look.  The short ribs were good, the chicken was great, and the macaroni salad was pretty darn good too.  The only complaint that I had was that after eating, I felt like I had just eaten a pound of salt.  oh well, that's just the way some of those dishes are.Overall, my food and experience was good.  I got a ton of food, and the price was fair for what I got.  This was my first HI BBQ experience in AZ.....so, not bad.  It's not like the stuff I got back home in CA, but it will do.  Looking forward to my next trip back.
4	Ordered BBQ chicken mini meal for dinner. Comes with one scoop each of macaroni salad and rice with meat served on top of cabbage/veg. Swapped out mac salad for extra cabbage and brown rice instead of white. Chicken was top notch and was the prefect sized meal for $6.
5	MMMM! I love this place!!! My favorites include the Chicken Katsu, Orange Chicken, and Moco Loco (or Loco Moco?- I never get that right). The katsu sauce has a great flavor and the chicken is moist with a nice crunchy exterior. Moco Loco is so great! Basically it's a hamburger on rice with fried eggs on top-all covered with delicious gravy. YUM! The staff is really friendly. They always smile when we are there and are very attentive. I would highly recommend it!
4	Best teriyaki chicken I've found since I moved to Arizona from Seattle, where you can find delicious teriyaki on every corner. I will definitely return.
4	I ordered the Kalua Pork and BBQ chicken combo which includes macaroni salad and two scoops of rice.  The  Kalua Pork was excellent.  I was pleasantly surprised how light it was.  The BBQ chicken was tender but it could have been cooked with more BBQ sauce.  The macaroni salad was good.   I give the food Four Stars and Five Stars for  customer service.
5	I just left Hawaii after spending almost 15 years total there. I just retired from the Army. I will tell you that my wife and I ate at so many Hawaiian drive-ins in the islands from the chain restaurants (Zippy's, L&L, etc) to some of best small Mom & Pop joints where they barely spoke English.I will tell you that Leo's is pretty damn good!! I know there are a couple more Hawaiian BBQ places in the Valley, but Leo's is pretty much on point as far as capturing island flavors and plate lunches. (Hawaiian term).The staff is courteous. The place is clean and the food is "Ono"! I will give them a big thumbs up on their BBQ Chicken Curry! There were a couple of places in Hawaii that did that, and Leo's does it also! Their best value is their family pack! My wife and I get with my folks and try to tackle it. We fail!! LOL!! A Lot of delicious food for a good price! They even have Spam Musubi!!They will always get our business!
4	I love Leo's. my favorite place for Hawaiian food in the west valley. I used to go to L&L but I feel that Leo's is more fresh and authentic. I've been here at least 5 times and always get the Kailua pig and katsu chicken. I don't like Mac so I order double rice. What a meal! Usually enough for my wife and I to share. I like the family owned atmosphere here too so I will continue to support this place. Try it!!
5	Great mom and pop Hawaiian joint. The people are super awesome and the food is fresh and amazing. We have  used Leos to cater 3 parties so far and it blew the guests away every time. Personally I love the lemon pepper chicken but haven't had anything I didn't like so far.
4	Leo's does a really decent plate lunch. As for the people complaining about certain dishes, it's more a matter of expectation, rather than execution.My brother in law is from the big island Hawaii... pidgin and all (which I secretly love when he breaks in to, but will deny if he asks), so I have heard all the stories about plate lunches and the time he ate three in one setting, etc. He LOVES a plate lunch and he likes the ones here. I'm trusting that he knows of what he speaks.Yes the macaroni salad is bland. That is how they make it there. It is basically a ton of mayo, macaroni, a smidge of grated onion, and usually a hint of tuna. Basically you get additional flavoring from the grilled meat or add it with a little shoyu. If that doesn't sound like what you are "used" to getting, you probably aren't going to like it. But I have to say all that mayonnaise makes my heart sing.I personally love the BBQ chicken and the lemon pepper chicken. Mostly because they are on the healthier side. If you order the lemon pepper chicken with no rice or salad and extra cabbage, it's low-carb and low calorie, in addition to being really tasty.The chicken katsu is also very good. Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. And my BIL likes the spam musubi. Well he likes any musubi actually. :)Service is fast. The eating area is clean. The meals are cheap. And I actually like that there is no "corporate office" to complain to. If you want to eat at a chain, go somewhere else. This is family owned and operated.I like Leo's. If you have a family, order the family dinner and pull up a chair, because you are going to be there a while. It's a lot of good food!
5	Best Hawaiian food in AZ, hands down. My wife and I moved to Tempe, and still make the drive to come here. Now with that being said, here's the deal. There must be 2 different cooks, because 95% of the time the food is perfect. Very few times (tonight being one of them) the meat is mostly fat, Grissel, and cartilage. It makes me very sad because I drive so far just to eat here. I can see how people give this place negative reviews if they eat here with the bad cook. But please come back on a different day and give them another try. Still giving them 5 stars because when the food is good, it's perfect.
2	I'm not familiar with Hawaiian food and so I may be short-sighted in my review, but I didn't really care for Leo's.  My husband liked his pretty well and would probably have gone with a high three, but since this is my review I need to give it a 2.  The place was very clean and cheery in a strip mall restaurant sort of way.  I ordered the teriyaki chicken.  It came with cabbage and my original thought was, great, something pretty healthy.  But, the cabbage was underneath the chicken which was soaked in the teriyaki sauce and was somewhat greasy.  This made the cabbage quite soggy and unappealing to my taste.  It also came with a generous scoop of their macaroni salad.  I would have to agree with one of the other reviewers who said it had too much mayonnaise and not enough flavor.  I would pass on going back - but my plus one would probably be easily persuaded.
4	If you have ever been to Hawaii and a local takes you out to eat Leo's is just what you'd get down to the styrofoam container. The portions run extra large . The prices are low and the food is always hot and fresh.On my most recent visit I had the Curry BBQ Chicken . (I think it was $6.99 and 50.cents extra for brown rice) The sauce was tasty and not too thick , creamy or heavy. The dark meat chicken was prepared nice and was a very generous portion. The macaroni salad is the kind that a dap of sriracha transforms it into something very tasty. I liked that they put a bed of steamed vegetables that is mostly cabbage under your entree and they offer brown rice as an option. It is a ton of food and you can't eat it all. But the thing is it's good and better than just about anything from the mall food court.I've tried many other things over the years and I really like the Island Grilled Fish they make it very tasty. The BBQ is all good even the beef. They make a variety of noodle soups that are good. The lemon pepper chicken is a little lighter and made with white meat. One of the very few non chain places by the mall as they are family owned and operated.A GEM of a place for Fast Casual Dining in this area!
4	Great lunch special. $5 for a double scoop of rice (plain white) and a meat. They suggested the beef. It was all good cuts of meat no fat or gross stuff. The rice was well plain white rice. The place is clean and they have some neat things on the menus. I will b back.
4	Had lunch here for the first time today and will be coming back.  The 3 meat BBQ combo was flavorful, the place was clean, the prices reasonable, and I have no complaints about the service.  It's still an order-at-the-counter type place, so don't expect any life altering cuisine, but it's done very well for what it is.
4	Excellent food for the price and a nice atmosphere.
5	I love this place! I usually get the $5 mini meal. It's sooo good and fills me up! I usually get the Island Teriyaki, but I've tried the beef teriyaki and chicken katsu and they are all very good. I love their teriyaki sauce and their macaroni salad is awesome!
4	Good lord, the macaroni salad makes you want to give up and quit your job so you can pull up a chair to the kitchen window and eat it all day. The short ribs are my favorite meal- they are seasoned that perfect balance of sweet & savory- and all the platters are big enough for a huge dinner or two lunches...if you eat like most mainlanders eat. If you're a Samoan, eh, not so much...you better order two meals!The staff is always friendly and smiling and the dining room is very clean. The menu has catering prices on the back page, and you could get a backyard luau going for 50 people for about $200.I'll totally host the luau as long as it's BYOB and I can keep the leftovers.
5	Authentic Hawaiian plate lunch down to the macaroni salad. All meats were delicious. Will definitely add this to my regular stops when in the area.
5	I went to this place based on the good reviews it received by fellow Yelpers and I was not disappointed!  I went during off dining hours and was worried that the food might be dry or not as fresh.  I ordered the chicken and kalua pork combo which comes with steamed cabbage, macaroni salad and rice.  Quite a bit of food for only $8!  It came out in a styrofoam box and was like a gift of goodness.  I opened up to find everything piping hot and very tender and juicy.  The chicken was delicious with a sweet teriyaki-ish flavor and the shredded pork was some of the most delicious I've ever had.  The macaroni salad, while simple, was very creamy and tasty.  The staff was extremely nice as well.  I can't wait to go back!
3	Crab Rangoon great, short ribs delicious
5	The best so far and if you can ask for gravy on your white rice.
4	BBQ chicken is bomb! Best Hawaiian BBQ in the whole valley... Plus they serve Spam, enough said!
5	I usually get the chicken katsu and BBQ beef combo.  I've been to other Hawaiian places like this but, Leo's does it right.  Every time the food comes out good and I have no complaints.  I usually take out and they handle phone in orders as well.  It's in a strip mall and it is not glamorous, but it seems clean.  Good, fast service prepared fresh as you wait.  No complaints. The BBQ beef is the way teriyaki beef should be IMO.  Not that crappy stuff other places make and then poor on the sauce after its cooked, although you can get extra sauces if you want (I usually get one each of the teriyaki and Hawaiian styles). Just Hawaiian done right and good macaroni salad.  I give it 5 stars just for not messing up the flavor of the food.
4	Great food, large portions and reasonably priced. Found it on a Yelp search, and was not disappointed. Had the short ribs and have to say some of the best I've ever had. Very meaty, hardly any fat at all, well seasoned and delicious. The restaurant was very clean, the staff was friendly.
5	I was introduced to Leo's Island BBQ a month ago and I can't stop going back again and again.  The place is very clean and comfortable.  The owners and the staffs are very friendly. My daughters and I love the food there and we go there almost three times a week.  The food there are so delicious which make my daughter who normally doesn't eat much eats a lot.  We have tried their BBQ chicken, pepper chicken, beef, ribs, shrimp, fish, and spam musubi so far.  We love them all. The meat is so tender and tasty.  The food is hot and fresh and in very generous portion.  They come with healthy veggi too.  Overall, very healthy and delicous! Leo's Island BBQ has become our family's favorite restaurant.Recently, the restaurant was on New Times.  They really deserve it!  We will keep going back.
5	After reading about this place in Phx New Times, I thought I would try it out after work.  OMG!!!!  This food is better than several of the places where we ate in Hawaii!  We ordered the seafood soup, kalbi, chicken, and pork--and of course the Spam masubi.  Everything that I ate was delicious delicious delicious!!!!   The people taking orders were very friendly, the bathroom was clean, and the restaurant has lots of natural light.  So thankful that I was able to try this place!  Definitely better than Onos!!!   I will go back for sure.
4	Hawaii in the desert!  Had the Family dinner.  The Macaroni salad,BBQ Chicken, Katsu Chicken, and the Short Ribs are all very good,  the rice was out of this world.  You should put this place on your bucket list for places to eat before you die!!!
5	Okay I'm a white Irish Catholic boy from a suburb of Boston, So the only Islands are Nantucket and the Vineyard....and the best island Castle Island.This food is amazing my wife is from Brockton and is wicked picky because she doesn't like anything different from Italian, American, Irish it the place they get Chinese on New Years...She loved it! It was awesome clean and cheap we will make it a reg spot..Thanks for such an original spot you guys are great
5	Got the bbq chicken and teriyaki chicken.. Both were good. Not really any different then all the other hawaiian bbq places I have been to. We will be coming back here. Service was ok.. Not like they go out of their way but at least the lady at the counter was thanking all of her customers for coming in.
5	Surprise find, recommended Hawaiian fusion...
5	I went searching for some Hawaiian BBQ after my wife and I returned from our honeymoon in Kauai. This little spot was right under my nose at home in Peoria and I never knew it existed. I went back twice in the same week for the BBQ Chicken and Kalua Pork Combo. They know how to grill the chicken thighs just right so they are juicy and flavorful. The Kalua Pork was saltier than I remember from Hawaii, but still excellent. The combo was accompanied by steamed vegetables with a good amount of cabbage, steamed white rice, and macaroni salad. It was a large amount of food for one person. I can't wait to try their Fish Noodle Soup, Loco Moco breakfast, and Island Grilled fish.
5	Everything I've had here is awesome.
3	So this place is always packed and I love me some L&L barbecue so we decided to try this.Not so good :( the meat is super fatty and its just not as good as L&L Hawaiian BBQ at nor terra . Won't be coming back
5	Oh dear lord, the mac salad! I love this place. My usual is curry chicken katsu. The katsu stays deliciously crispy even when driven home after ordering it for takeout. The curry is divine. I simply don't have words for the mac salad, but I do tend to like things coated in mayo, so use that information as you will. Such great prices for such huge portions! I'm new to the area, but this is my favorite restaurant so far!Thumbs up, Leo's!
4	Only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is the wait time..Great fresh food but slow to get the order out. Great otherwise! :)
4	Pretty good Hawaiian BBQ place. Better than Ono Hawaiian in Goodyear.
5	Always love coming here for the great food, great family atmosphere and the wonderful staff. Been coming here since they opened their doors. Way better food and especially prices than L&L or Ono Hawaiian. My kids eat up the musubi (spam, rice, nori) and the Mac salad is ohh so good. I always bring family here when they are in town for some good island food. If you know a good easy recipe, just ask them and they just might add it to the menu. I keep meaning to get them the recipe for lau lau and crispy gau gee but I keep forgetting to bring it in. My favorite is the Katsu, curry, and ribs (so good). Take homes include musubi, Mac salad, and my daughter's favorite is egg drop soup (you have to ask special for this item).
4	Quick. Easy. Delicious. Great Prices. Katsu is some of the best I've ever had.
4	Great little place, good food. Very friendly staff. I would definitely eat here again. Their food is comparable in quality to what you would get in the islands.
4	Good stuff! but they need a better A/C system. We went in there during the summer and it was uncomfortable.
4	Leo's has amazing food at such reasonable prices! You can't beat the plates here for the price and quality. I love the Lemon Pepper Chicken. It is the most flavorful and tender piece of chicken breast and the light marinade they cook it in is super tasty. All of their plates come with rice and macaroni salad. I still don't understand how restaurants can charge extra for brown rice in today's day, but that is one thing they do. Still, if you have a craving for quick, delicious, and cheap Hawaiian food, Leo's is a must!
4	I'm addicted to their seafood soup and combo platters. Great unique food for an affordable price. Love this place for a lunch spot or quick to go dinner.
5	a friend got me hooked.....cheap food..the asian lady is sweet and fun and very quiet...this tiny restaurant is the BOMB...occasionally you have your big buffooon out of state people standing around trying to figure out how to fit 6 laaarge people in the tiny restaurant...but bcz the food is soo tasty and fresh..its worth it..Bring on the clown show any day-anything to eat that macaroni salad and I dont like macaroni salad....I have now also ventured on to attempting to eat with chopstix....which my asian friend laughs at  cuz I suck at it.....
5	Love this place. Haven't ever had a bad meal there and it always just seems so friendly and inviting. The food is unparalleled. Give it a shot!
2	I order the chicken combo with bbq chicken and fried chicken. When I got my order, I asked for a side of bbq sauce and they refused to give me some. Instead  said I can have teriyaki sauce. What? Why would I want that on my bbq? It took 20mins for my food even tho she said 10. Food was.ok, but not worth the hassle.
5	I was thoroughly surprised and pleased with the quality of Leo's. There is one particular chain of Hawaiian BBQ places (which will remain unnamed) that I absolutely love but they have too few locations for me to enjoy them often. I have tried other Island BBQ places in hopes of finding a substitute, but have always come out horribly disappointed...until now.Leo's not only exceeded my expectations, but I believe their food is even better than that of the aforementioned chain which I love so much.Leo's deserves a look. Even if it's something new for you, give it a shot. The katsu sauce is outstanding and their macaroni salad with a little soy sauce on it is out of this world.
5	Food and service is fantastic here. Love the food, two meat chicken plate is AMAZING!
4	3.5 starsThis is probably one of the better Hawaiian/Japanese fusion/non-sushi, fast food type places to get lunch in this area. From best to mediocre, it goes: L&Ls, Leo's, Island Teriyaki, Samurai Sam's. It actually reminds me of L&L a lot. I love their chicken katsu, beef short ribs, macaroni salad, chicken and beef teriyaki. Price is good for the serving size. Definitely worth a try if you are craving this type of food and are in the area.
4	Delicious macaroni! This place reminds me of L&L, similar menu, same presentation of food in the box. They try and skimp you with the meat by putting rice underneath it, so be sure to tell them you don't want rice under the meat if you do order something like that. The staff can be in their own world sometimes, but its cool. We all have our days. I haven't ventured away from the teriyaki bbq, but one day I will and I'm sure it will be just as tasty.
5	Best macaroni salad I've ever had! YUM! The food is delicious and the staff are always so nice. They keep the place really clean too! Katsu chicken is my favorite.
4	Eh cuz, I like make da kine public service announcement first for all da buggahs stay writin' reviews for anykine Hawaiian place. No such thing as Kahlua pig. We no put da kine coffee liqueur and shit on da pig, bra. Also, no moa Kailua Pig either, bra. You buy pig or pork in Kailua and bring em' back to Honolulu and you goin' be takin' pig/pork on da kine, Pali Highway. First thing goin' happen is yo' car goin' stall right on da highway, bra. Next da night marchers goin' carjack your car. Then Madam pele and da limu lady - two of da baddest tittas on da island goin' take you to Morgan's corner and bang yo' head on the 13 steps, bra. By da time they done with you, you goin' forget about evah callin' it Kailua pig. It's Kalua, bra. Ok bruddah. Enough of the public service announcements. Dis place stay in one mall next to one Barnes and Nobles. I went come here plenty times. One pake family stay run this place and they do one pretty good job of making island kine plate lunches. Fo' me L&L in North Phoenix is still da best but when I no like drive too far this stay second best. I usually get one of da combo meals, bra - that's the way to go. This blala gives dis place the big shaka sign. Bettah than pig. Bettah than poi. I no shit you. Best Hawaiian food this part of town, bra. One thing - da guy who take da order, bra, he never say nothing. I think he stay da kine - android from Kikaida. I no say nothing bumbai he turn into da kine - red mask and blue suit and chase me out of da store with one spear shouting "git 'em! git 'em!"
4	I order takeout from here all the time, love the place. Is it like flying to Hawaii and popping into your favorite grind house? Nope.  Is the food delicious and satisfies your cravings for Hawaiian BBQ? heck yes, honestly you can not go wrong with anything on the menu.. From the lighter Lemon Pepper Chicken to the BBQ Beef  on to the gravy topped Loco Moco and ending with the Spam Musubi, it is all perfectly flavored and cooked.  Price point is spot on as well.oh and don't forget to pour some sriracha on your mac salad!
5	First time trying Hawaiian food! Got to taste their chicken BBQ, chicken Katsu, and BBQ ribs. The Katsu tasted fresh and crisp! The other dishes were also excellent. They give you a great amount of food for the price. If it was closer to me, it would be a lunchtime favorite
5	This was my first time coming to this establishment.  I tried the lemon pepper chicken and loved it.  It was nice and tender and very easy to chew.  The macaroni salad was also great.  I will definitely come back to this place to get my lemon pepper fix.  It wasn't over powering with lemon flavor like I've had a other places, which made it even more tasty.
5	This island BBQ is one of the best things to link me to home. The food is cooked right, and they have a great selection of food that you will never grow tired of. A couple of great selections include their spam musubis' and their manapua. Great way to start the day. I suggest everyone give this place a try, you won't be dissapointed!
5	Food quality is great, tasty, and always leaves me full! I can always count on it being tasty consistently. The sauces they give are great and not watery. I go to other Hawaiin BBQ eating spots and their sauces aren't always great and their food. I could always count on Leo's to hit the spot! I'm a regular since grand opening and I hope to see this place grow. Love it!
5	My family loves this place! Macaroni salad is the best. Family owned and always kept clean. Highly recommended
4	It was great.  I was thoroughly surprised and very pleased with the quality, flavor, price and portions.  If you get the plate portion, it's easily enough for 2 meals, at least for us girls.  My fave is the steamed cabbage underneath the meat.  What can I say?  :D  The mac salad is scrumptious and smooth.  The ribs were flavored really well, the katsu chicken is the best i've had in Phoenix and the BBQ chicken was amazing with the teriyaki sauce mixed with Sriacha.
5	This is the first time writing a review on a restaurant so hooray I'm a yelper!lol So anyways about Leo's if you are in need of an island style fixing this is the place to go. Being an islander myself this is probably the best hawaiin BBQ by far in the Phoenix area. I have yet to try their loco moco, but all of their mixed plates are delicious. The teriyaki chicken and short ribs are marinated perfectly with that hawaiin style BBQ sauce. Their spam musubi is awesome, I always have to order a side of that with my meal! Staff is great and very friendly, the only downside that I could possibly see is that they take long sometimes and that the seating at the restaurant is limited. But you can always overlook that especially if you have good customer service and great food, which is what they have. So overall highly recommend anyone whose looking for some good island grub!
5	I've been frequenting Leo's for a few years now and love the kind service, flavorful combos and the value of the food. The sauces are really tasty and are complimentary with your order. I prefer this establishment over other fast Hawaiian places.
5	Thank you Yelp for this wonderful recommendation.  My husband and I no frequent Leo's at least once a month and have introduced my parents to their outstanding food.  The restaurant is immaculate and the people who work there are very friendly.  Most important though is the macaroni salad.  What is in there that makes me crave it?  I could eat a tub of the amazing salad.  For the Super Bowl we ordered 20 scoops and served it to our guests.  The young man always at the counter said he gets a lot of requests for tubs of the salad.  I have tried numerous meat dishes on the menu and all have been great.  Seriously...GO THERE!!
5	Best lemon pepper chicken in the valley.Why 5 stars1. Clean.2. Flavor. Flavor.flavor.3. Portions are big.4. Spam masubi made right!  masubi.5. Price is cheap.Overall i would give it 5 start over and ovee again. also like how its just a small place, where everyone gets to know each other.did i mention about the flavor?try it!
5	Amazing teriyaki & katsu chicken! Hubby got the Loco Moco & he said it was just as amazing as from when we were in Hawaii. Their teriyaki sauce was phenomenal, I put it on top of the chicken katsu which was sooo perfectly crispy, they complimented each other so well. Can't wait to come back here.
5	5/5 is not good enough to describe Leo's. The food is amazing, cooked perfectly every single time. They bring it out quickly and yet it is made fresh to order. It is hands down the best Teriyaki I've ever had and the "island style" macaroni salad they serve with it is so incredible that if you're not careful you may actually try to steal some one elses, although I recommend just buying more as Leo's has the most fair prices in town. I doubt you'll have to order more though, because they actually give people plenty of food and don't overcharge them either. It is a small family owned place. The service is top notch, they are very friendly, professional, full of smiles and always on top of keeping the place (which is very nicely decorated with comfortable furniture) spotless clean. Please, Leo's, KEEP DOING WHAT YOU'RE DOING, DON'T CHANGE ANYTHING, it just works perfectly.If I go more than a week without Leo's I fall into a deep dark depression...
5	Great island food! reasonably priced. Awesome taste! Can't beat it. I lived on Oahu for a few years and lived the food. Missed it very much until i found this place!
3	When you first walk in you will likely receive a warm greeting. The customer service is on par. The lighting is far too bright. The place reminds me of Ono Hawaiian BBQ. I almost feel like they are one in the same. The color scheme. The plastic seating. The bright lights. The less-than-thrilling food. On my visit I acquired the following provisions: BBQ Chicken and Beef, Short Ribs, and Kalua Pork. The beef had the best flavor and was easily the best meat. Tender, but still a bit chewy. The chicken was decent, pretty standard. The ribs were at least fifty percent fat and the other half were still greasy, chewy, and basically inedible. And although the pork received great accolades in a New Times article, it fell significantly short. It was almost reminiscent of canned chicken or tuna and lacking any real flavor. The macaroni salad was of course tasty and possibly the most enjoyable part of the meal. All in all Leo's was a disappointing experience. Just okay. Aloha Kitchen is still my choice pick for Hawaiian.
4	Place is small but nice, chairs aren't so comfortable for me. Let's start off by saying the service is excellent. The people are nice and they talk unlike most places! The best thing is the Teriyaki sauce holy that thing is tasty you can put it on anything the foods good I've tried a couple of things. The spots good just would like to see some TVs and different music.
3	My boyfriend wanted to try this place and so we did. I got the orange chicken plate it came with rice and macaroni salad. It wasn't your ordinary orange chicken. The chicken pieces looked like tenders and the sauce was on the side. I mean don't get me wrong the chicken was fresh and amazing but It didn't earn up to the orange chicken title. I didn't see how the macaroni was blending in with the theme of my platter. It was just odd! Wasn't really crazy about the food the only thing I liked was that it was fresh!
3	Food was OK the macaroni salad was al dente,  rice tasted a bit hard as well I had ordered the mini chicken katsu ($5.50) and I have to say that L&L's chicken katsu  is way better ,this one was gross, the meat was brown and the breading kept falling off.  I'm not sure if I'll ever come back.
5	The food here is excellent, the staff is courteous. I absolutely love any of their chicken dishes and their curry is to die for.
3	Ok, why didn't someone tell me this is a renamed Ono Hawaiian BBQ before I drove the 35 miles to eat at this highly rated "restaurant"?The place looks like Ono, the menu is just like Ono, the food tastes just like Ono, the sauces are just like Ono, the only thing I could find different was the name of the place.Food was not bad but it was definitely not great plate lunch that I have had at other Hawaiian BBQ joints.I have a Ono right by my house and eat there often and there was absolutely nothing different about Leo's Island BBQ and was a waste drive the 70 miles round trip to eat at this place when I could have got the same thing right down the block.
4	Very Good Fast/casual Hawaiian Food just like what I had in Hawaii!I am a regular because the food is always good and is always served piping hot and very fresh 100% of the time. Leo's Island BBQ one of the few family owned business in the Arrowhead Mall area. One of my favorite Meals from Leo's Island BBQ is the Island Curry Chicken with potatoes, onions and Carrots in a Yellow Curry Sauce. This one is made with a very generous amount of white meat natural chicken that's always so moist and fresh, it's a pleasure to eat. I enjoy their House Made Curry Sauce it's made with exotic seasoning that's so tasty I crave it. They serve most of the plate meals over fresh steamed cabbage with a couple pieces of fresh steamed broccoli. You get a double scoop of steamed Rice (white or Brown(extra for brown) and a scoop of very fresh macaroni salad that I love with a squirt of Sriracha. Because the portion is so big I get two meals out of this and that's a Win!Often I also get the Mahi Mahi Grilled Fish. It's always very fresh tasting and I like the crispy edges they get on the fish. Sometimes I get the Lemon Pepper Chicken or a noodle soup when I'm in the mood for something a little lighter. My husband enjoys everything he tried here. He usually get a combo plate of BBQ Chicken and Kalua Pork and enjoys it every time. He enjoys other foods from here too like when he last got the shrimp he was very impressed that they cooked it perfect. He also likes the Moco Loco.The food from Leo's Island BBQ is very solid and prices are low. You might just do a Hula!4.5 Stars
5	Top notch Island food.  Great value for the price and the servings are huge. Friendly and helpful staff as well
2	I completely agree with Ray T's review. This is Ono Hawaiian BBQ with a different name. I was pretty disappointed. The shrimp and chicken katsu tasted previously frozen. Mac salad was good. BBQ chicken was good. Manapua not so good (they were small compared to a normal sized bao and I didn't like the sauce flavor, too sweet or something). We also waited 20 mins for our food.I've had vastly better plate lunch in the valley. And if you have Ono's near you, no need to make the drive out here for this. Same stuff. Same quality. I'm seriously baffled as to how they won a Best of Phoenix award.
5	5 stars based on great food, generous portions, cleanliness, prices and friendliness of staff. I had the chicken teriyaki bowl which was delicious and definitely plenty of food. My boyfriend had the katsu chicken which had enough to take home and tastes great! We shared the egg rolls which were excellent as well. My bowl was only $5 and out whole meal, including drinks was $20. We will be returning!
5	This family run business is the next best thing to dining by sunset in Hawaii!  First off, the place is immaculate beyond compare-and you always see the owners and servers tidying up a spotless shop.  The food is freshly prepared as you order-and delish doesn't begin to describe it.  You can indulge your whims with fried delights or maintain your calorie conscious ways with their grilled options like BBQ Chicken-my fave!  I am always greeted with a warm smile-and they know my order before I state it!  Great weekday lunch specials.  While I live on the other side of town, when I can it is one of my travel stops.
4	Everything we have ordered has been delicious! Have never been disappointed. I particularly love their barbecue chicken. Friendly staff very clean establishment. I recommend it.
4	Thank you Yelpers for helping me find another new lunch spot close to work.  Amongst all the chain spots that dominate the west valley landscape, you can occasionally find a unique local gem hidden within (Mi Comida and Rocket Burger among them).  I saw the glowing reviews for the portions and flavors that Leo's dishes out and it did not disappoint.I came here with my co-workers on a Friday at lunch.  The place wasn't too busy when we got there, but began filling in shortly thereafter.  The restaurant is relatively hidden amongst the rows of big box stores that surround Arrowhead Mall.  If you go just south of Bell on 77th Ave and look east, you'll see it in time to turn in.  From the outside it looks just like your average fast food joint.  But honestly the first thing I noticed when I walked inside was how clean the place was.  Seriously, it was shockingly spotless everywhere I looked, almost as if it the floors and the furniture were brand new.  The folks at the counter were very friendly and helped describe some of their menu items as many of them trend along the exotic.  From reading Yelper recommendations, it seems like the Island BBQ Mix plate lunch is Leo's 101 here so I went with that and a fountain drink.  Total price was $11.  Took about 10-15 minutes to get our food so its not really a hurry up and go place, but we ate there anyway so we weren't in a hurry.  The photos on Yelp aren't lying.  The portions are huge.  Along with three meats (BBQ chicken, BBQ meat, Kalua pork), my plate came two scoops of cabbage, two scoops of macaroni salad, and two scoops of rice (I went with white, but you can get brown rice for a little bit extra).  First off, the macaroni salad is amazing.  I'm not a big macaroni salad fan, but this was awesome.  I think I tasted some tuna and crab in the salad so that might be their secret.  The meats were also very well prepared.   The meats were pretty lightly sauced, but still full of flavor and super tender.  Hadn't had Kalua pork before, but I was impressed.  Not tender enough to cut with a fork, but still pretty tender.  The beef and chicken were both cooked well and as mentioned earlier there was plenty of it.  The cabbage and rice helped balance out the meal so I didn't feel uncomfortably full when all was said and done.All in all, really good meal and a great value for the price.  Only negatives I would say were the wait and the temperature in the restaurant.  I would expect a pretty long wait in a sit down place, but this place is barely a sit down restaurant and there was only one customer that ordered ahead of us.  Seems to me they could've sped it up.  It was also pretty warm in there.  Granted it was during a 105 degree day and there's windows all around the restaurant, but they probably could stand to turn the A/C down about 5-10 degrees.  Maybe next time I'll just grab and go.  Overall though, food is excellent and a great option for lunch on the west side of town.  Aloha hunger.
3	It's was ok,  rice was steamed,  cost extra for brown rice.  Had the lemon pepper chicken, large quantity of food.  Not great but not bad.   Place was clean and staff was friendly
3	I got the teriyaki chicken bowel my wife got the Mahi-mahi sandwich. All was good. The service was good. One place you can get a spam burger if you like spam. There were many regulars there eating. You could tell by the interaction with the staff. I have been here 3 times and while the food is good and the service is good it still remains a 3 star. Maybe just me.
5	Truly the best Hawaiian BBQ in the city! I have been here more than a few times and have never been disappointed. Friendly staff coupled with delicious food delivers a consistent enjoyable experience each and every time. Oh and its quite affordable as well.This place has won the best in Phoenix award a few times and the judges got it right. One day I would like to view their meat selection process person because they do an amazing job. ALL good cuts! I recommend you make the trip from wherever you are in the Maricopa area to this location. it is absolutely worth it. They beef is perfectly seasoned. It has a slight sweet taste to it. And yet it retains the delicious mix of flavorings including subtle onion. It perfectly falls of the small amount of bones that it wraps around. Its very savory. The BBQ chicken is perfect as well. Nicely cooked. Not too juicy and not too dry. And of course the famous Mac salad. I don't usually like mac salad but this is the exception. Its perfect. Its light, not overbearing. And tastes amazing. And of course their side sauces are custom made and perfect. They have spicy and sweet. Check this place out. You will not be disappointed.
4	I've been back several times since my first visit, and it's still AWESOME!It's clean, very super fresh food.  The staff are always friendly.  I've had a variety of things from the menu and it's all so freakin' good.  The chicken curry is yummy, however it's on the spicy side :) as in runny nose and sweaty forehead kind of spicy....and I eat Thai and indian food..just sayin'.LOVE LOVE LOVE Leo's !!!!
5	The food is delicious, and portions are huge.  The island fish is flaky and tender, yummy!!
4	If you're looking for a meal that is packed with calories and guilt but is wonderfully delicious then Leo's is the place for you!
2	Expecting better ... was disappointed.There aren't many places to get Hawaiian BBQ, and I was curious when I came across Leo's Island Grill.  Especially after reading all the positive reviews.  I hate to say it but I was a little disappointed. I was  expecting better on my first visit to Leo's Island Grill.   Leo's Island Grill serves their meals on Styrofoam platters.  The large styrofoam platters come with your entre selection over cabbage, double scoop of rice, and macaroni salad. The portions are very generous enough for two.My chicken was a bit stringy and a little on the fatty side. My lunch companion ordered the combo which mixed three meats, with rice and macaroni salad. All of the food was somewhat bland and to be honest somewhat flavorless.The prices at Leo's Island Grill are extremely reasonable for the amount of food served. The staff is friendly and, the store is clean.  I guess you could do worse in a pinch.
5	I eat here almost weekly. Always order the Teriyaki chicken. It comes with rice, macaroni salad, and vegetables at the bottom of your meats. Macaroni Salad is to die for, and the chicken has soo much flavor. I will definitely recommend for those who live in the area to visit.
4	Yum! Grabbed Leo's for dinner over the weekend. This was my first time trying it and I was definitely impressed!I ordered the chicken combo, which has two types of chicken (Chicken Katsu and BBQ Chicken). I really enjoyed the Katsu but it's a good thing that I grabbed sauce because they didn't include any inside the box. The BBQ Chicken was awesome - tender and flavorful. The to-go box is filled to the brim with meat, rice and a delicious pasta salad. The prices are great for how much food you get. I'll definitely be back!
4	Been living here in AZ for year and I pretty much come here about once a week. I love this place!I usually order the same thing, a mini-chicken katsu with extra vegetables instead of rice, so I can't attest much of the other items on their menu. The macaroni salad is fresh, the vegetables steamed, the katsu sauce a good blend of sweet and spice, and the chicken katsu fried to crispy perfection. I also usually call my order ahead and pick it up. Saves a lot of time. I swear they either recognize my phone number or my voice because they never ask me for my name anymore. As soon as I walk in, they never ask me what I ordered either and I just hand over my credit card while they hand me a bag of my food. If you don't call ahead, depending on what you order and how many people are there, it can take anywhere from 5-15 minutes for your food to come out.The staff here is super friendly and nice. The older woman behind the counter always has a smile on her face whenever I see here and wishes me a good day. On top of that, it's a local business (I believe) and I much prefer supporting small business instead of some huge fast food chain.
4	I've tried the Shrimp & the BBQ beef ~ both are legit! The rice & macaroni salad are perfect sides, but don't forget the teriyaki dipping sauce! (The crab rangoons are good but the sweet & sour dipping sauce for them isn't)
5	Great food!  The chicken was tender and fish was nice and flakey. The staff is always cleaning to keep an inviting environment.
5	I don't know why I waited so long to try Leo's, but everything I had was amazing.I had the BBQ chicken and chicken katsu combo, and both were delicious!  Portions were good for the price too.Will definitely be back soon!
5	This food is so amazing.  I get the #1 combo and sub out the chicken for the beef.  The beef is simply to die for. My wife gets the lemon pepper chicken and has never had a complaint.   I alway recommend this place. It's small and family owed so you always get great service here.
4	I stopped here after paddle boarding on Lake Pleasant and I must say, this was the perfect little pit stop on the way back to Phoenix. I'm kind of a noob when it comes to Hawaiian food but was lucky enough to try some when I visited California earlier this year. The restaurant itself is pretty small with about 10 tables and a few tables outside. The staff were friendly and really helpful in explaining the different menu items. I had a hard time deciding what I wanted to eat so I went with the Spam Masubi, fried shrimp, and the Chicken and Rib plate. Here are my thoughts: 1. Spam Masubi - Awesome! Loved the saltiness of the spam (would have preferred it fried a bit crispier), sweetness of the sauce, and texture of the rice. The rice was not too dry or mushy, so just perfect. 2. The Chicken and Rib plate was HUMONGOUS. I recommend sharing this with another person because no human should be consuming that many carbs in one sitting. This meal came with chicken katsu, hawaiian bbq chicken, and sweet short ribs. It was served with two large scoops of white rice, boiled cabbage and broccoli, and macaroni salad. This meal definitely hit the spot because there was a little bit of everything - the chicken katsu was juicy and crispy, bbq chicken was savory and sweet, and the short ribs were really tender. I personally love boiled cabbage so it was a nice complement to the flavorful meats. The macaroni salad was creamy and mild but not overly rich. 3. The fried shrimp was tasty and the panko flakes gave it a good texture. I liked how the butterflied the shrimp, making it easier to eat. I dipped it in the teriyaki sauce. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place if you are craving some good quality Hawaiian food at a very reasonable price. The food took a tad long to come out (10-15 minutes) but was worth the wait.
5	We stopped by here because it was close to an appointment we had, and I love good Hawaiian BBQ.  We had the chicken combo, which was BBQ chicken, crispy chicken, white rice, a macaroni salad, and some greens.  The crispy chicken was kick-a**.  The BBQ was tasty, and unlike some places it was tender and not dry at all.  This is a small counter place, and we went at like 1:45 on a Friday.  There was a steady influx of people so only one or two tables were empty at a time, which is a great indicator of new place.  Would definitely go back again.
5	Casual and clean, we felt like we were lunching in Hawaii!  Kaluha pork and teriaki bbq chicken   Luscious!!!  With nice mixed veggies, macaroni salad, and rice sides.
5	Lemon pepper chicken bowl, you're my new love. Wow what flavor, I love lemon so if you do too this is a good choice. Tender chicken, fresh steamed veggies, rice. All for 6ish dollars. Score.
4	Found this place on Yelp when I was craving Hawaiian food! Moved to Phoenix a few months ago and thought I would try it. (I was not expecting much) Wow! This is my new go to place for Hawaiian cuisine. It brought me back to the islands and really made my Saturday! I ordered the family meal. Pineapple chicken,  BBQ Katsu chicken, and the Kalua pork. You get a ton of food with this meal and there was plenty left over. Tasted just as good for lunch the next day!  I also couldn't pass up on the manapuas! The staff was very polite and I enjoyed talking with them about the food and the Hawaiian lifestyle. If you haven't tried Hawaiian food. You should take a chance in this place for sure, or like we say in Hawaii....you like try! So Ono! I would have given this place 5 stars but there were not any tiki torches or hula dancers.  lol!
4	Kali short ribs. Chicken Katsu. Spam musubi. Mac and rice. Love this place!  I could go every night but then I'd weigh 400lbs. Takes me back to my days on Oahu.
5	Definetely my favorite place on the west side for fast hawaiian food.Usually order the BBQ chicken and the Chicken katsu plate lunch.
5	Location & Aesthetics - Located in Peoria in the same shopping center as Hobby Lobby.  Parking is plentiful though there are surrounding businesses and it may at times be difficult to find suitable parking.  Parking lot is large and well lit too.The restaurant is well lit and seating is ample though I would've like to see more seating.  The restaurant was clean as was the bathroom.Menu - The menu is very simple and is posted on large billboard like signs over the cashier.  Service - The staff was spectacularly nice, friendly, warm and welcoming and answered any questions I had.  Prices were very reasonable.Food - this restaurant, their menu, and even their name reminds me of a Caribbean restaurant and they even try to mimic their meals after a Caribbean restaurant, e.g. all or most dishes come with rice and vegetables similar to Caribbean dishes.The veggies were moist, fresh, and crunchy.  The rice (white) was soft and well steamed.  I had the pork ends which was well seasoned, soft and tender.Definitely will be coming back here for more!!!
4	I love this place! The food is always great, and the service is really fast. All the BBQ they do here tastes awesome, with the smokiness of the meats and the combination of the macaroni salad and the steamed cabbage vegetables is really good. They have musubi too, seaweed wrapped rice with either BBQ chicken, crispy fish or spam! The spam is really good! You gotta try it! I think its in the katsu sauce. Oh, another thing that separates this Hawaiian BBQ from other Hawaiian BBQ like "O-n-o" is that.........their food is not greasy! Clean, Lean, and full of flavor!
4	Found this place on yelp after moving in down the street. So glad I decided to give it a try. The staff was so helpful with explaining the menu and the food was yummy! I had the BBQ chicken and beef. My girlfriend had the BBQ chicken/shrimp combo. Both came with two scoops of rice, veggies and macaroni salad. The meats were soft and tender and the veggies were crunchy. Loved the macaroni salad too! Definitely going back to try the rest of the menu!
5	Great little place to grab a quick and satisfying bite for lunch! The staff was very pleasant, knew the menu well and recommended a very tasty BBQ chicken mini meal for me. I could hardly finish even the mini meal and it was only $5.00! While waiting for my food, I was outside making an phone call and one of the employees kindly came outside to hand me my to-go order. They were fairly busy when I went in too. I ordered extra veggies in place of the mac salad (it has tuna in it, not a fan of seafood) and everything was fresh and steaming hot when I brought it home. Only downfall, most Hawaiian BBQ places I've been have fatty-chicken, and this place was no exception. I prefer a lean piece of meat but there wasn't so much fat that it ruined my meal. Still very good and great portions.
