4	A place worth checking out!Moderately priced, good sized portions, and extremely good food. Better than most other Vietnamese places. The place is pretty small and cozy, and cleaner than other such places. They specialize in rice entrees and they are reaaaaaally good. Yum.
5	Just trust me when I tell you I know Vietnamese food. This place probably serves the best Vietnamese food in VEGAS. I love their nem nuong cuon (pork spring rolls), the rice dish, and bun bo hue. If you are looking for great food, come here. Trust me, I am a super  picky eater and this place can honestly satisfy my cravings whenever I am in Vegas!
5	Great place. I had the BBQ Pork roll to start which was excellent with the house made peanut sauce. It is light and with a nice piece of BBQ pork.I followed it up with a com dish. Com being rice that is broken every morning by hand or some such thing. I had a combo dish that had BBQ Pork, Shrimp and Shimp cake. All were excellent. Very friendly and they really worked hard to make sure I got what I was looking for.
5	Another venture in Vegas always leads to eating some kind of fucken asian food. WHY?!!?! I LIVE IN GARDEN GROVE!! We go to vegas and eat ASIAN FOOD! WTF?!So as I am dragged around by others, (all my friends are many variation of asian) we hit Bosa 1. Place is packed to the brim with all types of different people. There was not a long wait in line because they are extremely efficient at bussing and getting people seated. Not expecting much at all from a Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas we sat down and proceeded to order. Right away i noticed speedy and friendly service that was taken as a complete shock because as I mentioned I live in Garden Grove, the capital of rude asian restaurants, service is non existent in this city. Our orders came out almost as fast as we ordered! I had bun cha gio which happens to be one of my favorites and when it came it was HEAPING with egg rolls and all types of boom boom POW. What seemed to be the owner or manager was always checking up on us, this guy was cute. I ordered in Viet and he was a bit taken but appreciated it very much. Mid way I wanted some Thai tea, he came up to me and i ordered it, I took a bite of food, looked up and it was in my face already! WTF!? In Garden Grove/Westminster if you are even lucky enough to find somebody to help you and order from, it would usually take until the end of your meal and constant nagging to get them to bring you anything! They are definitely doing something right.
4	Nem Nuong Cuon (pork springrolls) and Chao Tom Cuon (shrimp spring rolls) are the best in town !  I don't know of any other place that makes it like this in the Vegas area.  The sauce that comes with it is a perfect fit .  Their  Bun Bo Hue is good, but I have a hard time grabbing the thicker noodles.  They tend to slip out of my chopsticks and fall back into the delicious broth, which splashes up and hits me in the face, haha.  Yes... it will happen to you.       Great small place, so come early if you want to avoid crowds during the weekend.***** CASH ONLY *****
5	Wow I think we found our new local spot in Vegas!  Fresh ingredients, homemade sauces, unique flavors, absolutely delicious. Food:-Shrimp spring rolls - Unlike any spring rolls I've ever tried before. Tasty baked shrimp cake, crispy cucumber, crunchy egg roll skin, lettuce all rolled up in rice paper.  Served with an amazing homemade peanut sauce. Sooo good.-Broken rice dish - Big portion of Chinese sausage, egg and pork cake, shredded pork and pork skin. Served with sweet homemade fish sauce. -Rice noodles - Baked seafood cakes, chunks of tomatoes, fresh basil and bean sprouts in homemade chicken broth. So comforting and tasty.Service: Friendliest Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to. Our waitress spoke perfect English - another first. Atmosphere: Clean, casual, bamboo decor.
4	The rice plates here are very good. Traditional Vietnamese cuisine at its best. I consider it a hole in the wall, but the decor is simple and clean enough to not be distracting... The spring rolls are thick and juicy filled with fish cake or sausage. It's even better when you get it fried, it's light and crispy. Delicious when wrapped with lettuce and dipped in the sauce. I got a couple of different rice plates from the shrimp and chicken to the kal bi (short ribs). It's all tasty. It comes with rice and fish cake or some type of sausage. My only thing here is that they don't have pho! Oh well, just a minor thing really, but I can get tired of eating too many fried/sausge foods. Overall, great place for lunch or dinner. By the way, they only take cash!
3	Been craving Vietnamese broken rice (Com Tam) since moving to Las Vegas.  I was actually heading to Pho 87 (another restaurant recommended by friends) when I happened to noticed Bosa 1 on Jones.The restaurant is across the street from 168 Asian Supermarket and in the same lot as China Mama.  It is a small and cozy place.  When I was there it wasn't too crowded, and I didn't see any waitress or people behind the counter, but I was soon greeted by a nice Asian lady emerging from the kitchen area.  I didn't know what to order, since my friend Tina usually recommends something when I go to restaurants in Orange County, but the lady patiently waited for me to scan their menu and finally place my to-go order.The food smelled great!  It tasted okay. Okay portion size, but definitely way smaller than the huge portions that I am used to getting in OC (those I can't finished and take home as in between meal snacks).  The experience didn't knock off any socks, but I will go back and try their Vietnamese BBQ Spring Roll (hopefully it will be somewhat close to the awesome pork spring rolls made by Brodard Restaurant in Westminster, California).Also starting Monday, March 8, 2010, they will be serving pho again.  So I will try that too, since I have yet to find a good pho place in Vegas that is a great facsimile of the awesome pho you can get in California.Also, they only accept cash, like a lot of other small Asian restaurants.
4	I had lunch here the other day and was very happy to find another Vietnamese restaurant to dine at then my usual place near UNLV. My bf and tried three items here:Nem Nuong Cuon (pork spring rolls): It was just meh. Nothing special. I probably wouldn't order it again. Ever since dining at Brodard for their famous spring rolls, every nem nuong roll has not been the same. Very disappointing since it's in their title. Combo #9: This dish was very delicious. All the flavors were there. This dish had grill shrimp, beef, shredded pork and a side of vegetables. Bun bo hue: this dish was also very good. They don't mess around when they say spicy soup broth. The cuts of meat were very tender and fell apart so easily. Cafe  sua da (Vietnamese iced coffee): it was good, but had too much condense milk. Service was excellent. I will definitely come back and try their other special broken rice combo plates.
4	I came here w a friend who had heard this was one of the best Vietnamese places in Vegas and wanted to take me. It did not disappoint! I had the broken rice w pork dish and a side of shrimp spring rolls that were so delicious, I couldn't have been any happier! The vermicelli also looked delicious. Definitely going to go back. Plus service was excellent. VERY friendly.PS. CASH ONLY!
4	"Underrated and Understaffed"This is a solid lunch/brunch place for traditional Com Tam, BUT it's way understaffed. If you're a freak about hot plates of food like myself, you may be inclined to give a place like this a 3 star and lower. So why a 4 star from me? The ingredients that goes into these Com Tam here at Bosa 1 are top notch. There are many components that goes into Com Tam: 1. Meat (smoky-tender-well-marnated)2. Bi (fresh-thinly sliced-flavorful)3. Cha -Ground pork egg patty (Tasty on its own)4. Com-Rice (finely grained and soft)5. Pickled vegetable (fresh, light and crisp)6. Tau Hu Ky = Tofu + Shrimp patty ( ran out so must be good!)7. Egg Rolls (done vietnamese style in a thin rice paper - full of flavors)8. Nouc Mam = Fish sauce (served in a decanter and tastes very balanced)Next visit :go during off peak hours so that all these components are served piping hot and you'll love this place!
5	A Vietnamese place without Pho and Bahn Mi? WTF do they serve? Good stuff I tell you, good stuff ! I'm embarrassed to admit in one week I dined here twice - once with Yelp's Misti and Keith and once with a coworker. Yup I'm a little addicted. Atmosphere: Cute and homey. If you eat early (think 11:30 AM for lunch, you'll have the entire restaurant to yourself).Staff: The woman running the front of house is a doll and very informative. The chef came out to meet us last time too and was also very friendly and happy to answer any questions about the cuisine. Very sweet personable people who care about their restaurant.Drinks: First I tried the salty lemonade. It was a little sweet for my taste. The next time I tried Pennywort juice. It's like wheatgrass juice but tastier! Definitely recommend trying it if the green color isn't off putting to you !Food: *You must start with the grilled pork spring rolls. These are absolutely the best in the city. The ingredients are so fresh and they are served with an amazing peanut sauce that's made from scratch. Homemade peanut sauce is SO much tastier than the junk that comes in jars. *At this point I've worked my way through most the meats. Personal favorites are the BBQ pork (think small slices, no chewy meat, perfectly flavored) and the Chinese sausage. I know you're thinking (wtf, chinese sausage at a vietnamese place?). The thing is, the owners love chinese sausage and wanted to put it on the menu for fun. My coworker is a chinese sausage expert and was extremely pleased with their rendition. YUM*Oh lastly, you must get this on broken rice ! Yup, it's just cheap broken leftover pieces that are damaged in transit. We had a talk with the chef about this - somehow this rice is like crack. It's better than "normal" rice. The tiny pieces somehow taste better and are "creamier" in the chef's own words. Some pieces get a little burnt and crispy (yum in my book), but overall the flavor is unique and unlike any rice I've ever had. One more thing -  I told the house manager I'd love to see a gluttonous combination of BBQ pork and Chinese sausage on my next visit as one of the combo plates. She did say she's happy to accommodate and you mix and match the meats as you please.  If you don't see the right combo on the menu - ask her, they are happy to create the combo plate of your dreams !
2	GRRRR! First, this place does NOT TAKE CREDIT CARDS! And if there is any sign indicating such, I didn't see it. Nor did the nice woman who explained the food to me ever mention it. BF and I usually don't carry cash. So when the check came, we sure had a surprise.Thankfully, we scraped up enough money.But my other gripe is it took about 40 minutes for our food to come. This was during lunch time and we didn't have time for a leisurely lunch. After the 3rd time I inquired about our food, I was told they were busy and have a small kitchen. (Uh, okay, but I'm usually time crunched at lunch and figure on food in 15-20 minutes, max. I'd have left if I knew it was that long.)Lastly, the food was meh. I'm not sure what's getting all the raves. Mediocre Vietnamese food, no pho, and I thought I ordered a vermicelli dish and it came with rice. The food wasn't awful, but it sure wasn't spectacular. I wouldn't come back.
4	No Pho, but a lot of other great Vietnamese dishes. This was one of the buzzing places on Yelp when I tried this, for good reasons. The Nem Nuong Cuon, BBQ Pork spring rolls came out great. Much better than the stuff at Hue Thai. You can tell it was made very recently because you can still taste all the juices of the meat.The Combo #9 shrimp, beef, pork, and vermicelli worked well. If you mix it together with some fish sauce, it just tastes great mixed up.  This is a white friend friendly item!One of the few Asian establishments where you feel the wait staff is actually human. The waiter was very friendly, explaining what everything is, and giving some recommendations. However, food does come out slow so it may not be lunch friendly. This place has some good food and service. Is it the best in Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas? For this class of Vietnamese cuisine, yes until someone discovers a better place.
4	I tried Bosa 1 tonight (5/12/10) and it was everything other Yelpers have said.  Thanks for the recommendation.  I had the combination (#9) platter with BBQ short ribs.  The whole meal was super!  I was the only customer in the place at 4:30 PM, but I felt like I would have been treated as well if the small restaurant had been packed.The server, a man, explained everything to me, and he made suggestions as it was my first time there.  It definitely is not my last.BTW, he said their new schedule would be to close early on Thursday and remain open on Fridays.  This starts soon.Thanks Misti!
4	Let me start with telling you how I feel at the present moment. Currently, I am sitting in my office desk typing this review and having the hardest time in keeping a straight poise, which is surprisingly difficult for me to attain because I ate all of my combination # 10 plus fried egg rolls and barbecued spring rolls. And yes, I ate every pebble of the broken rice. Interesting enough, I was asking myself as I was eating, "Why does my fellow yelpers call the broken rice crack?"  Realizing this by the time I finished the rice, that it's called crack because you can't stop eating until everything is gone! Noticing that you are asking yourself the same question in your head over and over again at each bite.  Bosa 1 made me feel and look like I am 7 months pregnant. I normally can maintain a nice posture and sucking in my tummy to feel and look feminine.  Oh no, not today. I am letting it all hang out to show my appreciation in the goodness of delicious Bosa 1! I need a wheelchair!!
5	Okay, this place is 30 minutes away from where I live, But I love to try new restaurant and explore new place, and since this place offers nem nuong cuon which is one of my favorite dish, so I decided to goMy first impression : I came at 6pm and I am the only person in the restaurant, the restaurant is  small, but VERY Clean , I love the bamboo decoration on the wall, makes it very Vietnamese, I ordered the Combo 9 and everything tasted so delicious, the shrimp, BBQ pork, shredded pork, egg, and shrimp wrapped with Tofu bean curd, I couldn't finish my place, so I asked for a box for To go, the lady even gave me a small cup for the fish sauce,I ordered nem nuong for togo, haven't tried it yet, Overall, I gave it 5 because of the fresh, clean atmosphere, and the delicious food and
4	After two years of searching Vegas for Vietnamese lumpia, I found the right one at Bosa. Thank you sweet baby Jesus-Vegas has it! After reading all the reviews I had to give it a shot. After all, with rave reviews anplace like this should be tried. They were closed due to an overheated deep freeze.but I'm happy to report that they are open.We ordered pennywort green tea with mung bean to drink and despite it's murky green color this thing tastes like a sweet green tea with milk. The mung bean adds flavor and texture and is highly recommended for tea lovers and foodies. Their cha gio (lumpia) was authentic to Vietnamese lumpia from the wrapper to the stuffing. With vermicelli noodles, mushrooms herbs and other ingredients packed into the lumpia wrapper (thin wrapper) warpped I lettuce and noodles with fish sauce I was in heaven!!!Everything was great from the BBQ to the rice, so try everything! It's genuine so if you're hesitant to eat strange foods just order simple.  Theres something for everyone.This is my new spot now so if you wanna find me look here first.
3	With such a wonderfully fobby name, I just had to try it.  We were first disappointed by the slightly higher price point as compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in the area, but most of the time, as long as it tastes extra good, price can be overlooked in my book.What we shared for lunch1.  Nem Nuong Cuon - Spring rolls with a vietnamese sausage.  I enjoyed the flavor of the nem nuong + the extra BONUS of the crispy deep fried dough in there.  The dipping sauce that came with was reminiscent of Brodard's in Westminster.  It was definitely not hoisin sauce heavy, but it had its own refreshing sweet appeal.2.  Bun Bo Hue - This was in LARGE print right as you opened the menu, so we figured that it was a sign to try it.  We were not disappointed.  I would have to say one of the better bun bo hue's in town and we were very impressed with the appropriate accompaniments of veggies - finely shredded various cabbages and herbs like freshly chopped rau ram (Vietnamese coriander)Conclusion:  Minus puntos for being more expensive than other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.  Minus puntos for being slightly stuffy and hot for a Las Vegas summer.  (Sorry for the next person who has to sit in my sweatiness....ew...sorry bad imagery.)  Plus puntos for having very tasty Bun Bo Hue with the fragrant veggie accompaniments and crunchy bonus in our nem nuong cuon.  Also, it can't hurt to have a fob-a-licious clever restaurant name.  Overall, I will return when I need my Bun Bo Hue fix.
5	this is an awesome spot off jones.. I loved this place in San Jose called dhat tan... and eating at bosa brought dhat tan to Vegas for me....aaand! when I told the super friendly owner this..  she tells me that they are affiliated!  small world. she was super excited that I had heard about their place on yelp... [awesome.]my kids love the kalbi, and i love the grilled shrimp and beef.  all plates come with a small bowl of broth.   when I go back.. i'll add some recommendations.  but most plates are winners to me.  the shrimp cakes are to die.. as wellas the grilled EVERYTHING.  haha, beef, chicken.. everything.it's not oily which is awesome and everything that is served on the plate as accessories totally compliment it all.. recommend it definitely.. ps: I love the friendly service!
5	simple.  fresh.  house-made.  great ingredients.  terrific service.  100% perfect.cash only.   so come prepared.  3 of us, $60 including tip for lunch - but we over-ordered as usual.  if you've never had broken rice, or if you're a fan, this is the place to have it.  if your fave Vietnamese place does a slacker job on Vietnamese egg rolls, go here.  These are wonderful.We had 4 out of their 5 apps (wanted to try everything) but had no room for a combination plate between the 3 of us.  Learned that their shrimp cake is the star of the restaurant... will definitely have it next time. I'm embarrassed it's taken me so long to get to Bosa since yelpers did such a great job of highlighting it when it opened.  I was happy to see how busy it was today at lunch.
4	Although I think this restaurant is great for everyone, I think it would be an especially good place to introduce a newcomer to Vietnamese cuisine.  There are several reasons why.  First of all, Bosa 1 is completely clean and nicely decorated, compared to some other Vietnamese places in town.  This will allow the new person to focus on the food and gain a good impression, rather than feel squeamish from questionable surroundings!The second reason is that the staff at this restaurant are wonderful about explaining their menu and offerings.  They explain what each entree is, how to order combos to get exactly what you wish to eat, and even suggest how to eat it (which sauce to use, to dip or mix through, etc).  I learn more and more about Vietnamese food each time I eat there.  Now, two caveats - they only accept cash and are a bit pricier than some other Vietnamese restaurants.  But on the days when I crave Vietnamese, and want a serene and clean surrounding, I always head to Bosa 1.  :)
4	The night before I was ridiculously drunk, so on the drive home I was discussing with my friend where we can find really good bun rieu, she goes. Bosa 1. I say lets go. walked in was kinda hot, but were in the desert what ever. ordered. For it being soup it took quit some time to get our food, but it was a small establishment so having too many employees would make it a little too chaotic, and it looked like a couple and maybe 1 other person in the back, so I got it. food comes it looks and smells delicious, so two of my senses already sparking thoughts of what that first bite is going to taste like. I like to taste my food with out anything in it first; no obscure smelling sauces, or anything from the herb garden.   First bite; amazing really simple good and tasted like a friends mother put some effort into this delicious bowl. the crab meat and egg ratio was on the generous side, the vermacelli noodles werent too soggy, and the broth had a great balanced flavor. Great experience/
5	OC, indeed got the best of great Vietnamese cuisine.  Until a friend recommended to hit up Bosa 1 since I told her I was craving for BUN BO HUE. Bosa 1 owners are from OC. So yeah, I dragged my lonesome butt driving around looking for the spot. I was expecting to see BOLSA 1 but actually drove by BOSA at least 3 times until realizing the bright yellow banner is misspelled. I ordered 2 to-go. When I got back home, I reheated my broth in a pot and noticed it was clear. Something was NOT right. The broth should be clear brown. Conveniently, the oily spice is packed in its own container. Which means...you spice it up yourself. How PERFECT is that? And they give you more than enough. Some restaurant have it either too salty or too spicy. BOSA is GENIUS (first one to do so). Broth set to perfect and they are not stingy at all with their portion. After all, it is a lil pricey. But well worth for what you pay for. Cuz everything in Vegas, just loves to charge you that much more.
4	Just like the other reviewers stated.. the egg rolls were delicious and so was the nuoc mam.  I am vietnamese so this place's egg rolls and nuoc mam are excellent in my book. I am not usually a fan of most nuoc mam but this place it was very good. We had the bun rieu and rice with bbq chicken and skewered shrimp and they were also good, but I will come back to this place for the egg rolls and nuoc mam.
2	This place was under construction awhile back so i was waiting to come back for their bun bo hue. I was very excited to order the bun bo hue, but was unsatisfied. Not as spicy as last time, meat didn't fall off the bone like last time, and also didn't taste like last time. I'm assuming they have a different cook now.Bun rieu: my bf's favorite dish but was not satisfied with the bun rieu here. The color was off and so was the broth. It was too sour. This visit was really disappointing. Not sure if i will be back for those dishes, but I still do enjoy their rice plate combos.
2	Divine powers really don't want me to have broken rice and shrimp cakes. Went once and found it was closed. There was a sign that they'll be closed for a while. Snooping on here I found out they had a broken fridge. I ate somewhere else.Then a few weeks later I wanted to eat here but wanted to not drive down all the way from the NW if it wasn't open. It's been weeks so I figured it was, but I called. The voicemail answered, but a lot of people dont answer the phone. The voicemail said "Bosa 1. We are now open. Our hours are ___ etc, etc,." That leads people to believe when you say "we are now open" they're talking about the fridge was fixed or that the voicemail recording only goes on with that message during open business hours. We drive down. Closed. Gah! We go somewhere else.Been wanting to go and since I've been seeing reviews rolling out the past few months with a few reviews in the past week.  I was just in the shopping center not even 2 weeks ago and saw people coming out of the restaurant and people going in so I know they were in operation recently. We go down and it's closed even though their hours said they are open Saturday and we came in the middle of the day at 4:30ish. No sign if they're on vacation or whatever. Inside there is still all the tables, chairs, condiments so they aren't out of business (or so it seems).  I know it's a family business, but can't someone at least put up a sign to inform guests what the hell is going on if they can't be open on a regular business day- it's just the professional thing to do. WHAT THE HELL. SERIOUSLLLLLYYYYYY...!!!! It's not like we were in the neighborhood the 3 times where it wouldn't be so bad- we specifically drove down to eat here from Centennial Hills. That is 3 times I tried. 3 STRIKES IT IS.I'm pretty irritated at this point.
4	Alright. My last review was written with a bit of venom but I really was disappointed and I think anyone can understand that with being denied food three occasions. I appreciated the apology from someone at Bosa and I've heard so much good things that I still was interested in the food....but I wasn't going to drive down again to try to eat like I stated before. BF and I had time to kill between my optometrist appointment and my and were a bit hungry. Grabbed the #9 combo broken rice with shrimp cake, grilled shrimp skewer, shredded pork, baked egg and bbq pork. I added also some of the viet egg rolls ($1.50 for each add). Everything was tasty. Flavors were on point and were very simple, fresh and clean. Shrimp cake was crisp otside and juicy inside, baked egg is normally very dry at places but this was soft and fresh, shrimp had good char and flavor, pork had lovely light flavors, and eggrolls were pretty great. I love broken rice. That is prime comfort food to an Asian like me.I thought it would be a long time til I would be in the neighborhood with nothing else to do. I didn't tell the server I'm a Yelper or mention that they wrote to me...I didn't want it to affect service or food quality to be jazzed up a notch from their regular performance to get a good review. I didn't want to take their offer in their apology for a free plate  because I do believe in keeping the integrity of my review. Wanted to be just like any other customer and not be thought to be "bought out" for a positive rating because I got a free meal. I know, we're on just a review site, but I have some standards. I like to be honest.True, amended review. The food spoke for itself.
4	great food great service.  good broken rice.
5	Incredible service. Absolutely immaculate.And the food is divine. My friend and I shared a large bowl of Bon Rieu. Mosis helped us understand the best ways to enjoy their exquisite dishes. We asked him about the fish sauce, and he helped bring out all the flavours in the broken rice which came with #11. Also included were various delicacies, but what stuck out most was the Egg Quiche. YUM!I drank the pennywort juice with mung bean, gritty to begin with (as foretold by mosis) and delicious all the way through.What made our experience complete was a secret paste that Mosis brought to sort of saltify the soup- SO GOOD. I believe it was a specialty shrimp paste.I really can't wait to enjoy Bosa 1 again, voted best vietnamese and with good reason!
4	A Vietnamese place without Pho?!  I was led here under false pretenses that this place was the best "pho" place in Vegas.The service was incredible, the guy knew exactly what was in every dish and was very accommodating with my allergy situation.  I the only thing I could have was the noodle soup without the fish sauce addition and peanuts.  The food was ok, but the service bumped it up into the 4 star range.  But I would not come back due to not being to eat anything else.
3	OK - not good.  Over-hyped Vietnamese restaurant...as reviewed by a Vietnamese eater.The Bun Rieu was overly salty and felt lacking...in flavor and substance.The Nem Nuong rolls were ok.  The nem itself was tasty but the dipping sauce was horrible.  It looked like it had been sitting out for a while and had that solid film-like layer over it.The saving grace of my meal was my beverage.  The Rau Ma Tuoi with Dau Xanh was a refreshing drink.This place is known for its Com Tam.  I might come back to try it.  However, my experience tonight might keep me away for a while.
5	Yes, they're getting the star bump! Came in with the BF and we shared a rice plate and the cha gio eggrolls. There's just something a little extra that boost their eggrolls above all the others. It's juicier inside yet still maintains it's crunch. The accompaniments are not overlooked: I havent found a place that gives you a mound of noodles for your rolls. The herbs- they give the standard mint, but there's this heart-ish shaped herb that has a red underbelly that I really like and I haven't found another place here that gives you that with your cha gio (usually it's these long fish smelling herb that I'm not fond of). Then the cucumber is thin spears making it roll ready and the lovely pickled radish carrot. This is where you go if you want a proper cha gio. The plate is just as good as the last time so they definitely have a decent standard of consistency in their kitchen. Service is always friendly and the place is pleasant.The BF swears he will not order broken rice anywhere else because he'll just be disappointed. Pretty big statement, but I totally get it- this place is a spot that is definitely worthy of being in the O.C., which is the place to go in the US for some real Viet gastronomic adventures (actually Bosa has a sister restaurant in Westminster- different name...can't recall right now). Definitely glad I gave them a try after my failed attempts of visiting when they were closed- it is now a favorite.
5	The last time I was here Bosa 1 was just recouperating from the fire damage and it was good then.  Revisited the establishment recently and the food tasted even better.  We came here for one thing and that was the Cha Gio Eggrolls.  Don't get me wrong though, the other dishes are excellent as well.  But those egg rolls are addictive.  The GF and I don't even share lol, we each get our own.  Just thinking about it is making me want to go there now.With the awsome egg rolls aside, they offer a series of combination dishes that are all great.  When looking at the menu it seems that you can choose from a variety of different combinations of dishes and each section caters to how hungry you are.  And the server can tell you about all of them.On top of all this good food they have some ecellent beverages.  This time there was a soda with macerated strawberries.  It was great.  This is a cash only establishment and in my opinion that is cool.
5	Okay, I have to admit.  I've been sucked in by the fantastic BUN BO HUE.  Everything about it is delicious.  EVERYTHING.  From the side of finely chopped fresh vegetables and fragrant herbs, to the flavorful broth, the wonderfully gelatinous tendons (you heard me, wonderfully gelatinous), the pork blood cubes, tender pig feet.  This may sound disgusting to someone who is not used to eating such delicacies, but I am addicted to it.  I am a BUN BO HUE addict!Conclusion:  The bun bo hue is the best here in town.  The nem nuong cuon is fantastic and the broken rice dishes are perfect.
5	Oh yeah. 5 stars all the way.we come here regularly now, and the only thing I love to eat here--although their other dishes are fantastic--are those lovely cha gio rolls.  I'm in love with them!  We eat that for our meal, ordering one for each of us and another order of the shrimp ones.  With spicy fish sauce you make yourself, throwing in some of the pickled veggies that come on the plate, it's heaven.  Sheer heaven.What gets to me about those rolls is the filling.  It's flavorful, juicy, and yet the wrapper maintains that lovely crunch it should always have.  With it wrapped in lettuce and some vermicelli noodles, just dip it in fish sauce with some sriracha and pickled carrot and radish, and you'll be in cha gio heaven.The whole world blurs out during the time I'm working on my plate at that restaurant.  I take a sip of penny wort and mung bean juice in between, get my fingers all soggy with fish sauce, and once it's done, I sit back, wipe my hands, and pat my belly.  Yes--I eat here at LEAST 3 times a week about an hour before they close, usually.  It's small seating, so make sure you get there early on holidays and Fridays.  Is it worth going to this place when it's CASH ONLY ?  Yes!  Just break a bill at the casino and head over here.  It's worth every mile you drive from wherever you are in Vegas, and worth every penny.Oh, and make sure you try some fish cake and their soups.  YUM!
5	I love this place!!! Bun Bo Hue, this place has the best. They don't make pho but why would you when you make Bun Bo ?hue so good. Best Pig's blood I have had in Vegas, pork is tender and delish. Soup is clean, spicy and oh so good! Really taste like the Bun Bo hue from Bosa area of Westminister. Love it!
3	This may be a Vietnamese restaurant but it does NOT serve pho.  This has been said many times in reviews already so I was well aware but...just to make sure that's out there.However, the very small restaurant (fits maybe 40 ppl) serves very authentic Asian food.  The family all had bun bo hue and if you're not Asian...it might be too much for you. Blocks of pigs' blood, pig ankle bones, tendon and some strips of beef were served in steaming hot pho broth (flavored further by lemon grass) and white noodles.  On the side was a collection of hard Chinese lettuce which clashed with the texture of the items in the soup.Wasn't my cup of tea but my dad loved it.Does NOT accept credit card!!
5	One of my favorite rice dish/soup joint in Las Vegas!  I have nothing bad to say about this place and if you know me I would never rate 5 stars unless i really like the place. Let me start off with their rau ma (pennyworth) this is an asian grass weed drink that can be very healthy for you, but due to the strong taste some may not like it.  I recommend you try the drink at least one with the Mung Bean Paste.  Bosa 1 is known for their rice plates so stir away their soup unless you really in need of something to cure your sickness or hangover.  If you decide to get the soup I would suggest you get the Bun Bo Hue.  The broth isn't so salty compare to other places and the meat is tender with a good amount also.  The reason I give this place a 5 stars, because food and drink is good.  However, the one thing that stand out the most is their ventilation is pretty up there for a small food joint.  Unlike other Pho or chinese places in town,  after you finish eating here you won't smell  like Mr.Chang in the kitchen if you know what I mean.
3	This place is pretty good. I can't say I'm as impressed as a lot of other Yelpers seem to be. I've been here on a number of occasions in the past year and a half and I have noticed some positive changes in the layout of the restaurant in that time. It is much roomier and has a more modern and clean feel, which I appreciate. The service is also quite friendly.The food is pretty good, but a little more expensive than a lot of other Vietnamese restaurants in town. The portions are generous, but I don't think the cuts of meat are so impressive that they warrant an $11 pricetag per entree. The broken rice is pretty good and interesting and I do enjoy the Bun Bo Hue quite a bit, even though it is quite spicy. I'm a big fan of spice. The spicier the better in my book, but this soup is even slightly too spicy for me. If you get it, probably a great idea to share with your dining companion and also get a rice dish or appetizer, depending on how hungry you are. This might help with the spice quotient.The vermicelli noodles leave quite a bit to be desired. One of my favorite dishes in Vietnamese cuisine is a nice, refreshing vermicelli bowl, but these noodles are a little thicker than I prefer and slightly overcooked as well. They have a slimy texture that I found a little unappealing.All in all, this place is fine and dandy and I enjoy quite a few of the dishes here, it's just not the first place I think about when I'm in the mood for Vietnamese.
5	I've been to their brother's restaurant in Santa Ana, CA that we decided to come here since we were craving Vietnamese food. When we arrived, the place was empty..=( Maybe it was a Friday night and off the strip. I think people are missing out - such a great place to eat. We got seated and we ordered the pork spring rolls. I ordered the crab & shrimp soup with vermicelli and my friend ordered the shrimp skewer, chicken or was it pork (I can't recall) and egg rolls on vermicelli. The pork spring rolls got to our table with the peanut sauce. Mind you in it no ordinary peanut sauce - it was very tasty and great with the spring rolls. Our food finally arrived right after and on man, the portions were HUGE!! My soup was very yummy and my friends vermicelli dish was rock-on. What makes this place great is that they make their own sauces. They make a great fish sauce, their peanut sauce, and also the server brought me a shrimp paste he made for the soup. These home made sauces really make the food so good and different from any other Vietnamese restaurants. The service was friendly and top notch. He made sure we were taken care of and was great to chat with. An excellent place to eat.
5	My cousins was right!!! This place is delicious. Quick and friendly. I like it already. Just to let you know... They take CASH ONLY!!! And is CLOSED on Thursday!!! Bosa 1 has great menu selection which is a big plus. My favorites are the appetizers and Bun Bo Hue. You cant go wrong with this place I swear.  Bun Bo Hue is also a Laos dish as well. Its call Ka Poon. It is a Noodles soup dish with all different kind of vegetables to put in the soup. Big Plus if you like Vegetables like me. There Appetizers is very different from other place and I THANK YOU Bosa 1 for taking your time to make them. It is VERY VERY DEEEElicious...Y'ALL got to try the Vietnamese Spring Roll Or (can be call  Summer Roll) ... its different I tell you. But the correct way to call it is Spring Roll. I do know some people are from different state/Country and will call them Summer Roll.  (They are the same tho...)Thats the website that will make you understand about the name more (Spring/Summer Rolls):http://whatscookingamerica.net/Appetizers/SpringRolls.htm
4	There are sooo many vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown, Vegas but BOsa 1 has the best Bun Bo Hue imo.  On my most recent trip here, my parents and I had the Bun Bo Hue and my sister had the nem nuong cuon which she said was pretty good.  I also ordered the young coconut drink which is served in a coconut.  The drink was pretty good and even better you can scoop out the fresh coconut meat out of the shell.There are so many reasons to go to Vegas, Bosa 1 is one of them.
4	Very good Vietnamese broken rice and great service.  The restaurant was pretty quiet when we arrived on Saturday night around 8:30pm but that just meant faster service!Spring rolls were excellent and the combination rice specials were excellent.  The waiter even spent time explaining how the fish sauce was fermented and was really knowledgeable and friendly.Will definitely stop by again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	My wife and I have drive by this place many times, and even parked in front of it twice, but never made it inside because 1) there is a sign of Cash Only outside, and 2) it looks like of sketchy from the outside.We finally made it inside two weeks ago, and we have been back for 3 times since. The best kind of restaurant in my mind is the kind of small, hole in the wall place, that makes one or two dishes really really well. Bosa 1 is that kind of restaurant.My exposure to Vietnamese cuisine is limited to pho and sandwiches, and while I have had other types of dishes, none of them were memorable for me to remember their names. Well, I am still struggling with all of their names, but Bosa 1 makes me want to learn their names because the food is that good.First of all, if you are expecting pho (like I was when I walked in), you might be disappointed. As far as I can tell, the closest item you can have to pho is the spicy noodle soup Bon Bo Hue. You can ask to have the spicy sauce on the side. It also has pork's feet in the soup. The noodle soup comes with a plate of fresh vegetables and herbs that you can add to the hot soup, and man does that taste wonderful! The rest of the menu consist of various combinations of grilled items (beef, chicken, Korean BBQ i.e. Kalbi, shrimp, and sausage), and with your choice of rice or noodles. I have had all of these dishes at one point at another Vietnamese restaurant, but the ones at Bosa 1 are so much better! I can tell the items are freshly grilled (they will take a little longer to come out because of that), and they pack a lot of vegetables and herbs in the bowl. You also get to mix your own vinegar and hot sauce to pour onto the dish, or use it for dipping.Whether you choose rice (broken rice) or vermicelli (rice noodles), it's a big bowl/plate of savory grilled item with nice crunchy vegetables and herbs, maybe a deep fried spring roll, and tangy sauce. On top of the great food, what really earned this place 5 stars in my mind is the staff. On our recent visit, my wife had a question about which dish or sauce contains soy product, since our infant son has a possible soy allergy. The staff went in and researched the recipes and came out to tell us which dishes contains soy sauce or soy products, and which ones can be made without the sauce. It was very comforting to see they take such good care of their customers, as evident in their recent offering of the gluten free appetizers.My family and I will be sure to visit this place many times in the coming years.
2	Alright, after reading all the positive reviews about this place, I thought I better check it out for myself. Well for me it was a little disappointing. This place is not your ordinary Vietnamese Pho restaurant. They only have to kinds of soup to choose from. First, they ran out of the thick round noodles that go with the Bun Bo Hue, so I was not quite happy with the small portion of thin vermicelli they replaced. Second the soup was OH SO bland. I don't know what others were raving about the soup, but to me, the soup was not flavorful at all. Third, all the items on the menu were quite expensive compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in town. Three dishes for $30 including tips. The spring roll appetizer was the same price as my main dish. I think that's pretty weird. Finally, they don't have the traditional plate of bean sprouts that go into the soup, instead, I got a plate of chopped up mixed greens. I don't particularly care for one of the herbs in the mix. But it was hard to pick them out when it was all mixed altogether with the other greens. So for me this is only a 2 star restaurant.
4	I've been to a few Vietnamese restaurants in Las Vegas, and none of it really compares with what we have in San Gabriel and Santa Ana. However, this place definitely does compete with it.Com tam was good. The rice was moist and not dry like some of the other restuarants in the area. The eggrolls were crispy and tasty. They totally loaded up on the meat as well.Bun Bo hue was excellent. It's actually one of the better ones I've had. The broth was light, and the noodles weren't overcooked. The meat in it was plentiful.
4	I adore this little Vietnamese restaurant with an authentic feel to the decor.  The owners are super friendly.  But what makes this place stands out from all the other Vietnamese restaurant is their Nem Nuong Cuon (Vietnamese BBQ Spring Rolls) under the appetizer section.  Basically, it is a spring roll that consist of a strip of grilled pork patty, lettuce, vermicelli, and the crispy egg roll with no filling.  Dip this roll into the special dipping sauce and after a bite, it's like an explosion of awesomeness in your mouth.  This is a MUST try people.  You will love it!  I have not yet to find these grilled pork patty rolls anywhere else.I must once again put emphasis on the best thing in Vegas...Grilled Pork Patty Rolls...MUST TRY!!!  You will love them!!!!
5	The number 8 with a Vietnamese coffee would be my last meal request if I were on death row! Do yourself a favor a spend some time talking to Mo. He knows more about food than you would ever know!
5	This is the very best Vietnamese food in Vegas!
5	What a great find thanks to Yelp. I just want to say that the customer service was excellent. They were a very friendly and helpful bunch of people to make the dining experience a positive one. As for the food, the broken rice plates were excellent from what I tried. The shrimp cake added a nice touch to the meal as well.
5	i heard about this place so we stopped by. my wife ordered the house special which was their interpretation of a "pho". the broth was delicious, a lemongrass broth to be exact. the beef and cartilage, the coagulated blood, WOW!! it was GOOD! i ordered a vermicelli bowl with kalbi, shrimp and a shrimp cake. VERY GOOD also. by the way, order the pork-  lemongrass egg rolls (housemade) really DELICIOUS! i definitely reccomend this place! Go early the place get s full fast!
5	Came here after a long night at EDC. The bf and I were looking for pho to put some nutrition in our stomachs, and this place was perfect when we Yelped it. We ordered the spring rolls with beef and the Bun Bo Hue, which seems to be one of the special dishes served here. And it DID NOT disappoint. I don't think I have bad better Bun Bo Hue in California. The pig knuckle is soft here, softer than I have ever had. And the broth is filled with spicy flavor. The bowl comes as a large and was good to fill both my bf and I. The spring rolls with beef comes out warm, so don't be surprised. There is some type of crunchy tiny eggroll thing on the inside that gives this dish a distinct texture - I really like it and you need to try it!The servers here are so sweet and give you a lot of attention. They don't hustle you for the bill, are funny, and fill your glass whenever it's half empty. I would drive from the Strip all the way out here just for this restaurant. When I am back in Vegas again I am definitly dropping by again!
4	Very friendly service.  The place was a bit small compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.  The AC was running but could not keep up with the hot temperature outside (middle of July).The food was up to par.  They seem to specialize in Com Tam and Bun.  I had the Bun with Tau Hu Ky, Tom nuong, Bi Cha.  It was good.  The also have the Nem Nuong cuon (rolls) that are pretty good too.
5	It's a small place family owned and operated.  Clean and great service.
4	Food: Though still not as good as food from Little Saigon, this restaurant has the most authentic Vietnamese food I've had in Vegas. They have real broken rice, and it's good. The spring rolls were a bit bland (even with the sauce).Service: Kinda weird. During the first half of our stay, we were being checked on every 10 minutes. During the latter half, we were kinda getting ignored. But you can't really expect excellent service from places like these.Ambience: Hole-in-the-wall. Looks a bit messy; but that just makes it look all the more authentic :)3 stars for average Vietnamese food, +1 star for broken rice.
5	The nem nuong cuon is awesome.  They put a small role of crispy wonton in there that added a slightly salty and sweet taste to the already delicious flavor.  Coupled with the home made peanut sauce was superb.  The bun bo hue is the best Ive tasted in Vegas
4	First of all I have to thank the owner for having the courage to try something different. When you go to vietnamese restaurant you do not expect to be served by an african american, you expected a vietnamese that dont speak english very good to serve you.Having said that, our server is very attentive. Seems to know the menu and on the ball. I only give them a 4 star because their nem nuong is not as good as los angeles quality and I crave some real nem nuong. Their noodles are good and I just have to wait for next visit to try the bun bo hue that they said they are famous for. But yah, if you are looking for different style, come to this place. Small, efficient and very good!
5	First time they open was a disaster, so I was willing to go back recently to try again. the broken rice was soo good with the tau hu ky, cha, and thit nuong.  Bun Bo Hue was new too.  It used to be so bland and weird looking when they first opened. Now it tastes amazing. Whoever is your chef now, you should definitely try not to have him leave cuz I can see that your food quality definitely past my expectation. Service to the max. I'm asian and I get so annoyed with asian servers for being sooo rude, but i'm glad this place has servers who are super professional and will go out of their way to serve u. Will be back everyweek from now on. =)
5	I am a Bun Bo Hue addict. I almost always will prefer it over a hot bowl of Pho. Both can be very delicious when made by the right restaurant or mom, but the base flavor of Bun Bo Hue floats my boat more. Bosa 1 is the only place in town that makes it this legit. Gone is your typical place of bean sprouts and scattered herbs because that is generally for Pho. Now the plate of greens is appropriately replaced with the proper "pairing" of delicately chopped cabbage, lettuce and fragrant herbs.  When eaten with a wonderful bowl of bun Bo hue goodies of pork related products and rounding out with just a baby kick of spice, this bowl of noodles is good anytime of day or season.Other items to note:Cafe Sua Da - unique hazelnut flavored Vietnamese iced coffeeNem Nuong Cuon - I know ya'll are brodard lovers but you can share some love here too.  They too have a crispy deepfried stick of goodness inside.Conclusion:  Three items - Legit Bun Bo Hue, Nem Nuong Cuon and Unique Cafe Sua Da
5	I'm definitely putting this place on my must visit list when I'm in Vegas. Bun Bo Hue is phenomenal! The service is great.
5	Good BBH, Great spring rolls, delicious ice coffee, Excellent service. :) Will come back again!
4	Brein and I went with his parents and brother. It wasn't our first choice that evening but I am so glad we ended up here!Everyone shared two orders of the Nem Nuong Cuon (Spring Rolls) and I got the Char Gior Thit Nuong (Egg Roll and Pork Vermicelli). But they were out of pork! So I substituted bbq chicken and it was GREAT! I will say my favorite thing was the salted lemonade. It was made with cured limes (almost rotted in salt), and club soda and sugar. It was right up my alley. Our server WAS THE BEST! He was great, had tons of personality and was very attentive. I will be back. And I will bring as many people as I can!
4	3 stars for their Bun Bo Hue.So I decided to change things up a bit this time in Vegas.  Instead of the usual Pho after a long night of alcohol abuse, I opted for the Bun Bo Hue (NOTE: NO Pho Here).  Sad to say..it was a disappointment IMO.  The soup base was kind of bland, it didn't have the spicy kick.  There was a total of 1.5 pieces of pork blood?!? I guess that's ok in this case because it was quite dry and tasted like chalk.  However, the BF got a rice dish and it was pretty decent.  But, the reason they get 4 stars is for their Coffee!! It has a hint of coconut flavor, it's freakin YUMM!! Check-in through Yelp and get their coffee for $2!!
5	I am in trouble!  I found the absolutely best Bun Bo Hue and Broken Rice Plate and they are in Vegas but I live in Orange County, CA!!!!  I sent my fiance here to get me lunch on Monday.  We got the #17 with Shrimp cake, Shrimp Skewer, and BBQ Pork Chop with a side of House Sausage.  It was so flavorful.  The shrimp cake is wrapped in tofu skin with bits of real shrimp.  Grilled Shrimp, Pork Chop, and house sausage were seasoned so well, I loved every bite!  I love the rice plate so much, I sent my fiance here again 2 days later.  This time, I decided to get a Bun Bo Hue in addition to the Rice Plate.  The Bun Bo Hue was PERFECTION!  I loved the broth, rich and yet not greasy.  The beef, pork knuckle, tendon, blood jelly, and pork patty were cooked perfectly, even the noodle had the firm and al dente consistency.  I've tried many in Little Saigon in Orange County, CA, and none even came close to Bosa 1!  I know I am going to have major craving when I go home!!!  Bosa 1, could you please move to OC, CA???  Pretty please!
5	The sign was so Big, it caught my attention.. Why not, lets do it. When I think of Vietnamese food, I think of that soothing super hot Pho soup or that inexpensive cold cut Banh mi sub.. Not here! Felt like having rice anyway:Vietnamese BBQ Spring Rolls: Actually I wanted the Fried Egg Rolls But I guess I ordered this instead.. No problem.. 4 Fat pieces of unfried spring rolls and a complex looking peanut sauce. I had to take a bite without the sauce to taste what I was working with.. Oooh Very nice! Great pork/meaty flavor, a healthy dose of herbs/veggies and a crunchy roll of texture! What a touch of genius.. That roll (looked like a stick of cinnamon) but tasted like a sweet cracker and gave that soft roll that crunch that I desire from Fried Egg Rolls.. Very Noice! The peanut sauce, wasn't the ordinary plain, expected peanut sauce.. It was obvious just by looking at it. Well, whatever they put it in there made me an even happier camper! Awesome way to start!62. BBQ Pork with Broken Rice plus Chinese Sausage: Several thin slices of golden brown pork, dark red slices of chinese sausage over a bed of Broken rice and sweet pickled daikon (type of radish), carrots and cucmber. On the side for dipping the bbq pork, my server actually made my fish sauce mix tableside (water, vinegar, sugar and fish sauce, plus a splash of chili). The pork was tender, had a light flavor and dipping it in the sauce was Money!! One of the few items that you'd find in my freezer are Chinese sausages. I buy frozen packages at the Asian markets, slice em' thin, lightly fry and eat them like popcorn. They're Really REALLLY GOOD! Theirs seemed to taste a tad better maybe because theirs are supposedly never frozen.. The sweet pickled veggies were fresh and balanced some of the fattiness from the meats beautifully. The broken rice's appealing naturally buttery note was a Bonus! Subtle But Noticeable. Very Delicous Dish!! *Broken rice: Some history according to the server - Originally transporters from ancient times used to sift/throw away the "broken" grains of rice until it became so much that they decided to try cooking it themselves instead of wasting it. Come to find out, they discovered that it carried a different satisfying flavor. Now it's sold separately like a delicacy.. Pennywort Juice with Mung bean: Server told me that the this was formed from leaves that float like lily pads in the water and that they also add some coconut juice in it. If I were to blind taste this with Wheatgrass Juice, I wouldn't tell the difference except this had a grainy consistency. Not bad, I think it was healthy! Service Beyond what I expected in terms of knowledge of the food, especially coming from an African American Server! What's up "Mo"! Super cool guy and a Very patient, Attentive and Easy to talk to. This place served up One of the better Vietnamese riced dishes and Rolls I've ever had. Value was there. Atmosphere was clean and typical Asian. Without a Doubt, I will be making my regular stops here from now on!
4	41/2 stars. Small place that's been around for about 3 years and this was my first time experiencing Bosa 1. I ordered the Bun Bo Hue and it was nice they give you the option of how spicy you want it. My special request no pork blood which they left out. My Bun Bo Hue arrived fairly quickly and the side of sliced veggies and lime were fresh and plentiful. The broth was so yummy and not greasy like many places that serve Bun Bo Hue and the amounts of pork and beef and were generous. I had the pleasure of meeting the owner Vanessa and chatted about how Bosa 1 began which was interesting and we chatted about other dishes and soups they offer. Vanessa mentioned they will start offering Pho next week for the winter! I'm looking forward to going back and trying the Pho and some broken rice dishes.
4	Ever since I watched Anthony Bourdain visit Vietnam and heaped praises on the bun bo hue prepared by the "Lunch Lady" street vendor in Saigon, I've always made an effort to try to sample this humble dish wherever I go.  I tend to have a higher appreciation of dishes that are conceived using ingredients commonly discarded or overlooked rather than the high end stuff.   Having read multiple stellar reviews and even with a separate sign outside the restaurant that simply says in all caps BUN BO HUE, it seems I had no choice but to sample their pho de resistance (a French-Vietnamese pun seems appropriate).In the sitcom How I Met Your Mother, the main character Ted Moseby describes the impression that he makes on girls in the form of songs on the radio...."I'm not some easily digested top 40 pop song, I'm complex and require multiple listens... I'm Stairway to Heaven"  Whereas beef and chicken pho are the top 40 hits of Vietnamese noodle soups, I feel that Bun Bo Hue is Stairway to Heaven requiring multiple tastings to discover new things to appreciate with each delicious bite.A subtle yet rich beef/pork broth with deep notes of lemongrass and just the right touch of spice, the soup uses round chewy rice noodles akin to bucatini as opposed to the linguini-like counterpart in traditional pho.  There are also various pieces of pork feet, pork bloodcake, steamed pork loaf, and beef shank and tendon.  Further complexity is provided with vietnamese coriander, mint and some vietnamese herbs that escape my recollection.  Finally, a fresh plate of colorful purple and green cabbage along with jullienned herbs and wedges of lime add bright notes of texture and tartness to complete the dish.   The beauty of the dish is how each component is distinct yet not overpowering so that every tasty bite is a unique experience on their own.  Of the various bun bo hue I've sampled, this one definitely ranks up with the best since none of the meat components including the pork blood cubes are overcooked (a common mistake) and the meat around the pork knuckle is particularly tender and flavorful.  Whereas some dishes will elicit a party in your mouth, this one will be a symphony in your mouth that strike all the right notes and may require or compel multiple tastings.  Do remember to bring CASH!
5	started off with Vietnamese ice coffee just right then spring rolls with pork it's making me hungry right now then Bun Bo Hue: spicy beef soup. man who runs it was Very nicewhen in Vegas you have to go
4	I thought I did a review for this already.  Anyways, this is the only place in vegas I know that has rolls to rival Westminister's Brodar.  I can't get enough of their rolls!
5	I finally tried this restaurant based on the Yelp reviews; and, I'm very happy I did. First, I know next to nothing about Vietnamese food, and I will not pretend to know what I'm talking about, so with that in mind, take this review (on the food side) with a grain of salt.I came here on a special occasion to take my mom somewhere nice on her visit here from out of town. However, I think I'll be coming back for occasions, special or not.The Atmosphere:Small, quaint atmosphere with 2, 2 person tables and about 7, 4 person tables. I love this type of restaurant that is very intimate. The dining area is nicely decorated with bamboo accents and its nice and bright for a lunchtime climate. The music is modern pop music a la Katie Perry, Lady Gaga, Black Eyed Peas etc. But its quiet enough where I can tune it out (or listen to a guilty pleasure song) if needed.The Food: Like I said, I don't know much about Vietnamese cooking. I can't tell you how an authentic grandmother cooked meal should taste. However, what I do know is when food is fresh. The backbone of any standout restaurant is fresh ingredients. Bosa 1 has food that is all made on the spot, and their herbs taste like they were grown in house and picked from the ground right before serving. I greatly appreciate this fact since most of what I eat are vegetables, and if they aren't fresh, it really irks me. I got spring rolls and my mom got the Bun Bo Hue which she really liked (which is nice, because considering the size of the portions she will be eating it for a while.)The Service:OK. Enough chitchat about boring things. This is the reason why I felt motivated to come on yelp and give a review after a long hiatus. The service was absolutely phenomenal. As soon as you enter the restaurant, you are greeted with a smile. Once we sat down the waiter went over the entire menu with us as we were first time eaters at Bosa 1. After going over the menu with us and giving us countless recommendations on what to get, he asks us if we're ready to order. Of course, my mother says, "So whats good on the menu?"Instead of doing what I would do and yelled "I JUST TOLD YOU WOMAN!" the server just smiled and went over the menu with her again, thus clearly exhibiting some type of super-human patience.I ordered something special that wasn't on the menu since there are no vegetarian options (if you don't eat fish sauce) so the server said they could whip something up completely vegetarian for me to eat. Unfortunately, after telling me he could make the food, apparently they ran out of tofu. So the server actually ran out to his car and drove to the market to buy more.  Who knew this type of customer service still existed in the age in which we live.Finally, when the meal was done, the server said he would try to convince the owner to put more vegetarian options on the menu for the future. Even if this wasn't true, it was still a nice gesture, and I appreciate it.Price:The price is about 10 bucks per person (meal and drink). Actually in our case it WAS 10 bucks per person exactly. This may seem like a lot (I don't actually know since I don't eat Vietnamese food often, I'm just going by what some yelpers have said) But the portions of the food more than make up the cost margin. The only problem is that the restaurant is cash only. There actually are signs that say "Cash Only" by the cash register so the 2 star review for here is totally wrong. But it's still an annoyance in this day and age. 5 Stars:For the reasons stated above (mostly the service) I give this place 5 stars. I will definitely be back in the near future, just hopefully with more vegetarian options.
3	We went here cuz everyone was saying how great it was....well I didnt find it amazing or anything it was just okay...I ordered rice vermicelli with shrimp paste, grilled shrimp and vegetables...It just tasted like any other place...maybe I should have ordered the bun bo hue...i dont think ill be coming back unless im craving bun bo hue....but all in all its okay, just for me its not "to die for"
1	We were in town from chicago.found this restaurant on yelp. Went there around 7 and it was closed n closing hours were 930.
5	Yippee.  I really like this place alot. 1.  NO PHO!  Get over it. I am a Vietnamese food rookie, and was shocked to see no pho, however, they had my favorite Bun Bo Hue noodle and I was very happy.2.  Bun Bo Hue - This is a noodle dish that is a bit spicy and has the pork knuckle, tendons and some blood. It was the first restaurant I tried it with the pig blood. Very tasty!  They serve the Bun Bo Hue with chopped cabbage instead of bean sprouts, which i have learned is the real authentic way.  The spice was nice, the broth very slurprageous and the noodles were just right. I would say, this is one of the best BBH ever.3.  My dining mates had the korean bbq and shrimp cake over broken rice and the chinese sausage and egg roll over broken rice.  Korean bbq was good, but the shrimp cakes were awesome. Nice texture and taste.  The egg rolls were home made and my mother in law said it was the best she has tasted! She also loved the sausage.  The broken rise was very, very nice. Different slight flavor to it.  Mixing this with fish sauce and vinegar was a great suggestion by the waiter.4.  Service was great. We went at 11:00 and they open at 1030.  Kevin the waiter was not too busy so he explained alot to us, had us try some other things. I love learning about great food.5.  Parking - Easy peasy as it is in a strip mall6.  Ambiance - No problem, small but nice place.GK says, GO FOR IT.  You will like it.PS (CASH ONLY!!!)
5	Finally a good Vietnamese spot!!
4	I read about the strong recommendations for the bun bo hue here and decided to try a bowl before my trek back to Orange County.  The bun bo hue is pretty solid.  The broth was tasty but probably could have used a bit more of a spice kick.  Noodles was a little sparse but still adequate.  Meat was tender but no pork blood because they apparently ran out.  The soy milk was fresh and the iced coffee was pretty good.Service was fantastic.
4	4 1/2 star. I was driving into LV from Los Angeles on Sunday and was anxious to get to Bosa 1 for a large bowl of Bun Bo Hue. It was a bone chilling day and my soup was awesome even without the pork blood.  I love the way they shred cabbage and mints to add flavor of broth and the sliced meat was lean. Service here is on the spot  and  the place was busy for being small  place -around 12 tables and all were all taken. The place is clean also which is important!
4	Fantastic service here at Bosa 1. The server made a great effort in welcoming us, asking if we've been here before, and even offered to explain the menu items. I don't see that level of service at the noodle places I've been to.My dining companion and I came here for the bun bo hue. We also got some of the house soy milk and the beef salad rolls.The soymilk arrived piping hot in a Styrofoam cup. Upon lifting the lid, I noticed a very familiar smell -- pandan! Looking down at the soymilk I saw it had a light green tint. I sipped and confirmed that it was pandan-infused soymilk. I wish I had known that before I had ordered it, as I feel that pandan can overpower my palate. I would have gotten a different drink.The beef salad rolls arrived and they were quite yum. The server walked by us and explained that many customers eat it with fish sauce in addition to the peanut sauce that it came with. He then brought out two saucers for us to pour fish sauce in. These salad rolls had something crunchy in them, I think they were deep fried egg roll skins. It added a nice texture to the beefy rolls.Our bowls of bun bo hue then came out. Lot of stuff in it! My dining companion remarked that he like the different stuff compared with the normal pho offerings. There was pork hocks, blood, tendons, beef, cha lua.. Mmmm!I would love to go here again to try out the broken rice and other menu items~
5	BBH.glad to know where to go for it besides san jose. bun thit nuong cha gio and bun rieu are also winners.no pho served here... yet still curiously walked out smelling like it.
3	I gotta say, one word, underwhelmed. I read the reviews, love Vietnames cuisine, have been trying a lot of it around Vegas and was craving soup.We got some spring roll things, which were the only four star item on the menu. Everything else was sorta meh. Good, well prepared, good service, with mediocre ingredients.Not too memorable. I might go back one more time if I look at the recent reviews and see some 5 stars comments. Otherwise it is all about David Wong's Pan Asian, Beijing Noodle Cafe, and Monta Ramen house which, in my opinion are in a league of their own (especially Pan Asian and Beijing Noodle Cafe).
1	Took my family here since we're visiting for the weekend based on the positive reviews. A true test of a good restaurant is how they manage things when they're busy. I requested to add a fried egg to my BBQ pork dish which is fairly common. They said they HAVE egg but they're too busy to accommodate. They're not THAT busy. Nobody is standing waiting to be seated. It's a joke. It's a very simple ask. I was at Da Lat when they were even busier with about 10 people in 3 separate parties waiting outside. Da Lat folks were super nice and accommodating to all of my family's small requests. Food there was good too. Go there. Screw this place.
4	This place is known for the Bun Bo Hue.  The owner has another Vietnamese restaurant in Orange County, and expanded to this location in Chinatown.  I came with a group and we ordered some Nem Nuong Cha Gio (Charboiled Pork Eggrolls), which were pretty good.  The Bun Bo Hue turned out pretty good as well.  The soup broth was nice n' hot with a lil spicy on top. Overall, good stuff. 4 stars.
4	Great service! I had the charbroiled pork and egg rolls over vermicelli noodles (form of Vietnamese salad) and it was excellent. The service was friendly and informative. I must go back and order various other dishes in order to complete a more thorough review... definitely need to try the pho, one of my favorite dishes! Meanwhile, this place is a potential 5-star :)
4	Bosa 1 should change its name to, "Great people and great food.....1."I came in the other night searching for a delicious bowl of Pho.  When the owner, who is about as nice as it gets, informed me they didn't serve that, I was a little crushed.  He walked me through the menu, and explained a few different dishes.  Since all I know about Vietnamese cuisine is Pho, I was thrilled for the quick education!I went with the broken rice with Korean short rib, shrimp cake, and shrimp skewer.  The pretty woman who I believe is the chef, painstakingly hand cuts every piece of rice.......nope, that's not true.  The dish is made with lots of love though.  The Korean short ribs were very flavorful, and better than some Kalbi I've had at Korean restaurants in town.  The shrimp skewer was bursting with flavor, as was the patty.  There were notes of sweetness without being too sugary in every bite.  I think what I loved most though, was the fish sauce and chili.  I could dip just about anything in that sauce, that's right, ANYTHING......you dirty thinker you!Bosa 1 is a small, cash only, awesome food only place serving up authentic Vietnamese cuisine.  Make sure you stop in for good food and some knowledge from these great people!
5	21 feb 2012  i came with my hubby to Bosa 1 .the first time we ate this place ,if we came to vegas.the owner talk us, the  last day.we ate egg roll , bun bo hue, and broken rice with BBQ pork, pork chop.and i order to go BBQ pork fo we eat midnight.because we came the last day.BBQ pork very good than we eat any vietnamese resto  at USA.i gift 7 stars for BBQ .i hope ,if we go to vegas again, they already reopen.i talk the guy(i don't know his name) " move to arizona " and open Bosa 1.
5	They sold this store but promised to email when new location is opened. Owner wanted a bigger place to expand the menu to incorporate pho and other often requested items.
5	When I'm in Las Vegas and want Vietnamese food I go here. Their rice dishes are great! A favorite of mine is the #6, the rice dish with Korean BBQ meat.I ordered the vermicelli with Korean BBQ meat. It was as you expected. The meat wasn't too sweet and the noodles offset it perfectly. Service was great as well.
