4	Lately we have been on a quest to find a mind blowing teppanyaki experience. I haven't quite found it yet, but I would say Geisha came the closest. The teppan chefs are quite talented and do a little more than some other places I have been to. The food is excellent, especially the Geisha fried rice. This place has a great ambiance for taking someone out on a nice dinner date, or just for hanging out. A must for any local in the North Vegas area!
4	I don't think this location has as good of service as the location on Desert Inn and Durango but the food is great.  Our waitress was young, dumb and slow.  She pretended not to speak very good English and kept forgetting our sake, salads, etc.  This is the first time I've ever had a problem with service at Geisha, so I won't rate it too low.  Also, you should tell them it's someone in your group's birthday cause the Tempura Banana desert is YUM!
1	This was a poor dinning experience my husband and I ever had. We've spent over $100 on the tab and didn't feel satisfied at all. We've order two soft shell crab appetizer (portion was small), a spicy crab roll and a spider roll (the sushi rice was dry and the spicy crab roll was tasteless, there's hardly any softshell crab in the spider roll). Along with that we each had a dinner special, my husband order the filet mignon dinner and I had the lobster dinner and they were both disappointing.  They cut up the filet mignon and lobster into small pieces. The filet mignon was fully cooked when my husband asked for rare and the 6 oz. lobster was not fresh it was rubbery. There was no flavor to the dish, that's why they provide you with two dipping sauce and it didn't help to make the dish more tasty. The fried rice and stir fried veggie was super oily. I was disappointed that this place didn't turned out as expected after reading the reviews here on Yelp, because this restuarant is so close to home we would of come back more often if it was good. The wait staff was attentive and the ambiance is nice, only if the food match up to the service. I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody, don't waste your money here you'll feel unsatisfied.
3	I have to admit that the food I was served was actually pretty good. The problem here was the service, or shall I say lack of. I went to this place with a group of 8 (which included 3 kids) and it seemed although we made a reservation they clearly had no idea how to handle us. We arrived a few minutes before our scheduled reservation and were placed at a table by ourselves, with no drinks or anything, other than an apology that they were really busy. DUH! It was a Saturday night, and isn't that the reason people make reservations??? The restaurant was packed and it seemed that the staff were quite overwhelmed. We finally were escorted to our table (that we would eat at) about 30 minutes after arriving. One of the men in our group had decided to get us drinks at the bar, which helped ease the frustration. We ordered off the table menu as well as 4 rolls from the sushi bar. The cook was very entertaining, mixing it up with the kids and displaying his skills. The meal was very good, but after the final entree was served, I managed to flag down our waitress to ask about the sushi rolls. It turns out she had forgotten to turn in the order, and we were told it would take another 30 minutes to get to ours if she turned it in at that point. Of course we opted to nix the sushi rolls, but what a disappointment!!!! (I love sushi) I really wanted this place to wow me, because it's soooo close to my house. I might return again with fewer people, and maybe on a weekday to avoid the long wait time (even with a reservation.)
3	We showed up at to eat teppanyaki, but they didn't have it available for after lunch and before dinner.  The place was pretty dead for a Saturday afternoon.  The hostess/ server was friendly.  The food was ok for the price.  They had decent lunch specials and 20% off sushi.  I had thei Geisha Roll (spicy tuna with avocado and poki.  Their poki was good and had it's own special spices that had a pretty good kick.  If you want some sushi/ Japanese food and don't want to go very far it's decent food and has a nice atmosphere.
3	This is the second time we ate here. I don't remember much of the first, I think my daughter was still baby and was fussy that night so we didn't stay long. Anyways, this time the restaurant was ok.The restaurant looks very nice, and it's clean. The chairs are too low for the tables, though. I wasn't the only one who felt like I needed a highchair. The actual high chairs they brought for our toddlers were almost the same height as our chairs, leaving the kids with no chance to see the top of the table, let alone the show. They had to stand on our laps to see anything and I ended up holding a plate at my daughter's level for her to eat.The service was very good. All the waiters and the chef were friendly and accomodating. We had a young child with us, who was a little scared of some of the flashy parts of the dining show, so the chef toned it down a little for her, but still put on a great show.The sushi and accompanying appetizers were excellent! Oh, it was sooo good. The rest of the dinner, however, left me a smidgen dissappointed. The chef added a pink paste to everything he cooked. On the one hand, it had an interesting flavor. On the other hand, it made everything taste the same. He may as well have just fried up some pink paste and served us just that. :\I would go back for the sushi.
2	Tried 3 rolls, don't even remember the names. Wasn't the worst I've ever had, but I'll be making a point to avoid ever coming back here. Bad sushi. Ugh.So many sushi options in Vegas to give this better than 2 stars, especially for the price.
3	If you can make it, come for the lunch specials. The Price for a Pick 3 which includes 2 Rolls and Salad, is around $11.00 and It was tasty. Also, Customer service was good. Now, I've been to a few All-You Can Eat spots which are excellent. I only gave this place 3 stars because I can get more for my money at some local favorites around Las Vegas & just as good.
1	Came way out to this part of town for an event, otherwise we probably never would have made our way here. I would have given them a much higher rating, but several aspects of the meal combined resulted in a mediocre and anger-inducing experience.The first thing we noticed upon our arrival was the obnoxious birthday singing accompanied by horns, whistles and a loud speaker. Understandable, as most places do this kind of thing, but it happened at least 4 times during our time there. There was a guy running around doing shots with people and singing songs, blowing his whistle and joking around. Once we were seated, we waited a while before Eric came and took our drink orders, explaining the different types of sake flavors to us and being overall boisterous. Fine, you're super-genki-man, we get it.  I can even be cool with that, but the problem arose when he explained the "Mother's Day Special" to us and conned us all into getting it. Yes, conned. We were told that for our $80 meal we'd get an appetizer, 2 wine glasses of flavored sake, soup, salad, fried rice, veggies and a portion of teppanyanki-cooked lobster & filet mignon PLUS a $20 gift card. Which made it seem totally worth the price- after all, the meals themselves cost about $20-30 a piece normally and that'd be 2 for one! BUT, when we paid our bill, the gift card turned out to be good ONLY for the location we were at. If this restaurant was in our neighborhood, that'd be cool- but this location is out in the boondocks of north town and we're coming out from East-central. And not only that, but the gift card is only good for their sushi, which from the reviews I'm less than enthusiastic about traveling back the 20 miles to try. We felt totally misled by the deal. If we had known, we would have opted for another, cheaper meal option.The food itself... the soup was good- I was expecting a miso soup but it turned out to be a flavorful clear soup with fried onions and button mushrooms. I liked it but the mushrooms seemed out of place. The salad itself was simple salad mix with a piece of cucumber and tomato topped with a miso vinegarette- tasty, but nothing particularly revolutionary. The appetizer we chose was shrimp tempura- 2 pieces of shrimp and 1 piece of sweet potato and 1 piece of zucchini. I'm guessing we got the shrimp and veggie, then? Crunchy with a yummy sauce, but kind of misleading and I wouldn't have been happy to pay the $8 for it. After that the chef came out, he had a great tableside manner and entertained our group. He and the super-attentive waitresses were what got the star for the place. He started by juggling some eggs and quick frying them. After that, the rice and the ubiquotus special sauce came out. TONS of fried rice, coated in a weird pink butter/shortening "special sauce"- I'm guessing something with MSG and other seasonings because it made me feel unpleasant after. The shrimp, lobster and steak were all coated in it, too, as others have said. The portions were much smaller- 3 shrimp, half a lobster tail and roughly 3-4 ounces of filet mignon per person. Two of our companions asked to have extra steak instead of the lobster but got the same portion as us without the lobster. The lobster itself was overcooked and one of our companions thought it tasted like eggs. When we got our bill, the sake we had ordered was actually 2 dollars more than what was listed on the menu. Not a huge amount- but in this economy it's worth noting. With the $80 meal, 1 small bottle of sake [9.50 instead of 7.50], 1 Orion beer [$8] & 1 Sapporo [$7.50] our bill came out to over $110. Which I wouldn't have minded paying if I hadn't felt misled about the card, the quality of the food was better, and we didn't have SUPER loud music being blasted every 15-20 minutes with super-genki-man running around with a bullhorn and whistle.. It felt like I was paying for the show and not the food, and the environment just wasn't enjoyable for my boyfriend and I. Maybe it's better during the week or lunch, but it was a lot of flash for hardly any quality.
5	Some of the best sushi I've had in the valley (and I've tried a LOT) We will definitely be coming back. Good prices, good service, fun atmosphere, and great food.
2	ehhhhh.. if you want the whole teppanyaki grill experience this place could be worthy but i know ive had better. went here with a big group of friends and the food was okay, cool atmosphere, the portions are kind of small for the price, and i had to complain about my order cuz the guy who was cooking in the teppanyaki mixed it up, he was charging us more of what we ordered compared with our other friends who ordered the same thing and he didnt even apologize... customer is always righttt! hello???go somewhere else:]
5	This place is a well kept secret for sushi!!  We are regulars here and Justin Oh has become our favorite sushi chef here in Vegas without a doubt.  I think Justin's rolls are the best!  When you go there, ask for Justin to serve you at the sushi bar, tell him Joe sent you, sit back and enjoy!!  The Hawaiian roll, aka "Oh Roll" is a must order, extremely tasty!!  Justin is an artist when it comes to his presentation of everything he puts in front of you!!  If I could give six stars for only extremely elite places I like a lot, this is the only place I would give it too!!  Yes, they do celebrate Birthdays in a very loud and fun way, which I personally enjoy.  I think anything a restaurant can do to differentiate itself from the boring typical b-day celebration is great!!  We have taken a few friends and family to celebrate birthdays there and everyone loved it!!  Six Stars Justin!!  Well done!  A "Diamond" in the Northwest desert rough.......this review was just for the sushi bar, and since Justin went back to Korea all bets are off...just an fyi
2	So it was Friday night and I wanted to have a couple of beers at a bar but didn't feel like bar food...so I though a sushi bar would be a good idea.  I thought I would try this place - it was close. The place is nice inside - service was efficient - not friendly though.   I order a beer and a spicy tuna handroll to start.  I am used to a cone shaped hand roll, but this was tube shaped and the size of an almond joy???  It was okay not great.Then I ordered a cut roll.  I was watching him make it and something wasn't right, but i couldn't put my thumb on it.  It was okay - but I wasn't even close to being full or even satisified.I order another roll off the menu.  Still - wan't quite sure what the prob was.  Again - it was okay.  After a hand roll and 2 cut rolls I was still starving - but geez I am on a budget.Anyway - I realized they use small pieces of nori and therefor you end up with a smaller sushi roll.  The rolls were substantially smaller  than a typical roll!!!  I am not a glutton by any means but I expect a sushi roll to be a ...---"sushi roll!"  I wasn't ordering off the kids menu here.  The bill was $40; 1 hand roll, 2 tiny rolls, 1 beer.  Usually 2 rolls will do the trick for me.  After 3 mini rolls I left unsatisfied and feeling duped.  In this economy people are looking for value - not skimpy mini rolls!ATTN: Giesha House - Your tiny sushi rolls do not cut it - I will not be back.
5	I usually go to the one in South location but I wanted to try North location this time so me and my family went there on last Friday. There was lot of B-day party tables when we got there..very friendly ambience and togetherness.I really don't have a good experience with Teppanyaki at another place so really didn't want to try that but my family wanted to try their Teppanyaki so we ordered some beef,sea food and sushi.When the Teppanyaki Chef came out and show us his skills..it was lot of fun and the food he made was impressed!! I was like...WOW!! It wasn't nothing like the one I tried at another place..And their sushi was so fresh and good too!!We really loved their service and food! It was worth it to go to that location even tho it was really far from where I live..I would go to that location again :)
4	Been here twice for lunch and it was nothing to complain about considering their lunch menu.  The lunch menu is significantly cheaper than their dinner, but the portions are smaller.  I don't know by how much but thats what I was told.  For about 12 bucks I was able to get steak, veggies, and yummy fried rice off the grill.  Its hard to find good Teppanyaki for a decent price but this hit the mark.  If the food quality is what it was during dinner, than I doubt I'd want to pay 30$ or 40$ during dinner time, even if it is a bigger portion.  Maybe the quality is better for dinner, but I'd really hope thats not their train of thought.  The service was great and friendly and there wasn't any wait.  For a tasty, cheap lunch, this was a great option!
4	This place has great Teppanyaki chefs. I would have given this place five stars but hearing obnoxious music along with a tambourine and happy birthday 4 times in a 2 hour period gets kinda annoying when I'm trying to have a nice date night with my husband.
4	Decided to stop in with my husband this past Friday night. Made a reservation, which seemed like a good idea because we were immediately seated at one of the teppanyaki stations. (If you're bringing in a group, Definitely make a reservation). It was pretty busy, with people waiting outside. We both ordered the special of the night; half filet mignon and half lobster. He got the full hot sake and I got a half of their pomegranate sake, which just tasted like pomegranate juice watered down (dangerous perhaps, because I did feel it!). The chef was a lot of fun. Soup and salad came out first, with the salad being your usual fare. The soup was interesting- tasted like beef broth with French's fried onions. I liked it, but it didn't seem very Japanese. Everything else was very good. I would like to add, don't know if it happened to anyone else, but they have this 'special spice' that they add to everything on the grill; looks like pink paste. It makes everything pink. Just a heads up. I would go here again, but only after I've tried everything else Vegas has to offer.
1	This place committed just about all of the worse offenses a restaurant can. First, my group's waiter seemed to be bothered by us because we walked in when the place was empty (you'd think they would be excited to have a chance to make a tip). Second, I ordered the spicy scallop roll and after eating one piece of it I called the waiter over and told them that the scallop was bad (rancid!). My tables waiter then proceeded to yell over to the sushi chef that I said the scallops were not bad, and the chef argued with me. Now, this is when I got extremely P.O.ed and told them to take the roll back, don't bring anything else, and don't charge me. Lucky they agreed or they would have been hearing from me again the next day when I was sick to my stomach. I can only imagine what would have happened to me had I eaten more than one piece...Don't risk your life by trying this dive...
4	We love the table cooking here and give it 4 stars but dont come for the sushi. We love Sushi Wow for the rolls, but we like Sushi Tachi for the ll you can eat nigiri
4	I decided to try this place on a whim and I loved it.I chose to order off the menu vs. the hibachi or sitting at sushi bar.  I got  the P.i.m.p. roll  along with the Kiss with You shrimp and chicken dish.  Everything was good. I like the creative names of the dishes and drinks.  The waitress was very attentive.  And there was no wait to be seated. It was early evening on Sunday and there was one birthday and they do sing and go all out for it but it didn't bother me.  I thought it was fun.  Can't wait to go back and try their late night specials.
5	Awesome fried rice!!! I love the Hibachi Table Cooking!!
2	I love Sushi and was excited when I moved right down the street from this place. First time go there, they were not quiet open for dinner yet. The girl at the door said they still had another 25 minutes, so I said that's fine do you mined if I leave my order with you and in 25 minutes will you put my order in. She said yes I could do that, and I said i'll be back in about 45 minutes to pick it up and that I would be taking it togo. When I got back they had been open now for about 25 minutes, so I figured it should be ready for me to pick up. When I asked the girl at the door she said it wasn't ready yet, so I said ok and went and sat at the bar. While I was sitting there I noticed that the cook was just starting my order. When I finally get my food and I asked for extra sauce, the guy said he already put some in the bag and was rude about it...but did give me an extra sauce. When I got home there was NO sauce in the bag so it's a good thing I got the one from him. So as far as the service goes, they are not very friendly. The food is a bit pricey, but I have to admit it is very good. I've been to this place twice now and both times the service was bad so although the food is good, I will not be going back to this place.
4	On of my favorite places to go for the hibachi!! the prices are great and the meat is always cooked they way i like it! the fried rice is AMAZING as well as the veggies! Great for birthdays(they embarass the c*** out of you with loud music and a train of employees) sing happy birthday and give you a sundae.  Hubby likes to go atleast once a month if not more, he just cant get enough! :D
3	Not my favorite place for sushi but definitely the closest one for hibachi. Honestly, the customer service is a little overwhelming. I think they need to take it easy a little bit and don't try so hard. At first I thought I'm in a car dealership and they are trying to sell me various items on the menu. Hibachi was very good though. I had steak and shrimp and really enjoyed watching the cook preparing it. Steak was very tender and perfectly cooked. Would probably go back there again for hibachi.
3	Went there for Naked Sushi. Concept is great, execution was poor. Not to burst any bubbles, but the "naked sushi ladies" are hardly part of the event. They lay far off to the side surrounded by the food which is served buffet style. If you are wanting an experience, give it a try. If you are wanting good food & service, try a different AYCE place. I can only comment on their "Naked Sushi Night." Maybe their normal service & food  is better.
2	A little rough around the edges this place is ....the food itself was fine...but the staff was pushy and kinda mean in a way ....really tryd to up sell you to something you didnt want in the first place....anyway i probably wont go back unless tied up and brought there....
3	Had reservations at 7:15 and were promptly seated on time. But I guess they got behind and the chef did not arrive at our teppan table until 8:00.  One salad had too much dressing and mine had none at all.Many apologies were given for the tardiness and free ice cream was promised and provided...but overall it seemed that most of the tables were getting the "sorry we're running behind" routine.  The ice cream when it arrived had obviously been sitting in the freezer for some time already plated up. Overall its ok...and they were getting ready for their Naked Sushi night, which I see gets mixed reviews. (one of the tables across from us asked for a sushi roll as we were finishing up and they said that they had shut down the sushi bar to prep for the naked sushi night.In the end, the kids like it, but I can think of better ways to spend 30.00 a head.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Geisha house! Haven't had the sushi but the Hibachi was delicious and super entertaining for the kids. Can't wait to go back!
4	We have dined here 3 times now and I keep meaning to write a review but kept forgetting. Every time we have gone we had the teppanyaki(where the chef cooks right in front of you). All three times were an excellent dining experience. The staff is all friendly and attentive and the chefs were all fun and talented. Their concept weighs heavily on entertainment by the chefs so you don't realize that they fill you up on rice and veggies so you won't notice how little meat you get.  It is not to the point where you feel ripped off but I get the concept. For what you actually get food wise the price is probably a little high but you are also paying for the entertainment. Although we did not have any young children with us, there were young children at other tables and they were having a blast. I would recommend highly for an evening with friends.
4	Went to Geisha House last night on recommendation of co-worker. This was an Excellent recommendation. Show was good by chef, maybe a little reserved compared to the others working at other tables. Maybe he was new, but still entertaining. Food, words fail, this was OUTSTANDING. We had the special, a little bit of each entree and were blown away. Compared to the really more expensive Benehana, no comparison, Geisha House wins hands down, hands up, sideways....Service was really good. When my wife's drink got to half empty, they were around several times to ask about refills, same with mine. They cleared plates quickly. Maybe too quickly, the dinner felt rushed which is why i took one star away. They brought out the soup and 2 minutes later the salad, then the chef arrived to cook before we finished the salad course. This would have been a 5 star meal if not for the rushed feeling of the dinner. Still 5 stars for the food. I don't know what the "Playdoh", red stuff is they cook with, but it adds alot of flavor as does the sauce for the fried rice. We had  the something-something Bomba desert, ice cream with peanut butter and chocolate, this was excellent, highly recommend. We will definitely be back--ALOT.
5	Service was great since it was Valentines day.  We made reservations so there was really no waiting time. Food is awesome! Fried rice, veggies, files mignon, New York, shrimp, lobster and scallops! All this was teppanyaki style and the chef was incredible! Must go place!
4	Took my wonderful wife to Geisha House for Valentine's Day, and we were very impressed.  I have been to  many Japanese teppanyaki style grills over the years and this one is defiantly in my top 5.  The servers were very helpful and attentive and kept up with the flow even though they were slammed.  The chef showed up about 30 minutes after we were seated. From the time we were seated and fed we were there for about an hour and half. The food was great, but there are a lot of fillers (fried rice) since the meat portions are small and you may not get as much meat as someone else since the chef cuts all the meat portions at once and attempts to portion it out evenly, however, due to the amount of food you leave very full!  As in true teppanyaki style the chefs are very entertaining and great with children!  Overall I will definitely be back to the Geisha House!
1	Some buddies and I decided to check out the Geisha House primarily because they had an offer on Groupon that offered a decent discount to check out their "Naked Sushi" night. The concept sounded pretty interesting, like something out of a Yakuza movie or something...in any case, it didn't prove to be as neat as it sounded.First off, this restaurant really is on the EDGE of town. We knew that going in to it, so that's not really a complaint, just an observation. Be prepared to drive pretty far if you live anywhere in the Valley other than the Northwest.We got to the Geisha House and it was pretty busy. There was a small line to get in, maybe five minutes of waiting at the most, and then we were faced with the host. He took out Groupons and told us it would be $5 required gratuity. We said that would be fine, and then he said we had to pay it right then before entering. We begrudgingly paid the man, were each given a drink ticket and a hostess seated us outside on the covered patio.I was surprised to find that there was no waitress that came and took our drink order. Instead, we had to go inside to the bar, which had a massive line, in order to get our drinks. They didn't even bring glasses of water to the table, so drink tickets had to be used for ANY drink, not just alcoholic ones. I ended up using mine on a bottle of water, and I had to purchase another for $2 after I drank it. Sort of cheesy, if you ask me.Onto the Naked Sushi bit! In my head, I had imagined that we would have had our own table with a gorgeous naked woman on it with delicious sushi lined up for the taking....this was not so. It was more of a glorified buffet line, where everybody filed around a large circular cooking station in the corner of the restaurant. There were hot items, and in the middle of the line-up were two women with some truly nasty looking sushi laying on their bodies (leaves laid on the skin prevented the sushi from touching their bodies). I tried a bit of each piece and it was terrible! Not to mention that the girls were not exactly attractive and they looked like they wanted to kill someone while they were laying there. The hostess was actually far more attractive than the Naked Sushi girls, which isn't what I would have expected.The saving grace, or the only grace, of this place were the chicken wings and fried rice. They were pretty tasty and we all loaded up our plates in abundance with those two items. This sounded like it would be a good experience online, but proved to be rather disappointing when it came down to it.
4	Every so often I yearn for Japanese steakhouse fare.  On one such recent night Diane and I traveled to Geisha House to take care of that craving.  And, we were not disappointed.  The Miso Soup with sliced White Mushrooms and green onion circles floating in a consomme-like broth was hot and heartening.  A circular presentation of a Rainbow Roll was fairly good as a starter, and was refreshingly cold sushi to act as a counterpoint to the hot soup that preceded it.  This was followed by a nice salad with Iceberg Lettuce, a slice of tomato, carrot slivers, and cucumbers with a tasty Ginger Dressing.A trademark of Geisha House is its pink-colored, spiced up Fried Rice, with carrots, onion, and egg.  Valentine's Day was just around the corner, but I still considered the pink-buttered rice to be gimmicky and would have been glad to do without it.  However, I appreciate that, besides including both soup and salad, this restaurant serves Fried Rice as part of its meals to all guests, without tacking on an extra charge.  I have found this to be uncommon for Teppenyaki establishments.Next served were generous spatula heapings of grilled zucchini, sprouts, mushrooms and white onions, along with a few grilled shrimps.  To supplement these edibles, along with our orders of Filet Mignon Diane and I split a side of shrimp, which gleaned about 8 more big shrimps apiece for $16.50.  Prices are somewhat steep here, but you get high quality ingredients, and an abundance of food.  At $26.95 a steak, our cut up morsels of Filet were cooked perfectly medium rare as ordered off a nice slab of meat that looked to be about 7 ounces in size.  Accompanying sauces included a very strong, mustard-based Meat Sauce, and a nice mild Shrimp Sauce.  The atmosphere here is boisterous, with rockin' music blaring overhead, and a party atmosphere.  Fellow diners were congenial and in a good mood, and a young crowd congregated at the large bar.  The place always seems to be busy, with many celebrating special occasions.  Birthday balloons commonly abound.  So, rather than being potentially disappointed, I recommend making a reservation in advance like I generally do.  Busy as the restaurant was while we were there on this last occasion, service was excellent and efficient.  Refills of hot tea, Sprite, and water were supplied without having to make requests.  Our grillmaster was proficient at his craft, and displayed some nice tricks accompanied by good humor.  I don't know whether he deserves credit for this or not, but when he set fire to a volcanic onion, the flame jumped up and formed the shape of a dragon's head, which by pure luck I was able to  capture on my digital camera's memory card (see pic).  It is the Chinese Year of the Dragon, after all!  Wait, this is a Japanese restaurant!  Nevertheless, it was a cool moment in the midst of a very pleasurable meal.When I received my check, the Rainbow Roll had been inadvertently left off.  I told my server, and it was added to the bill, with thanks for pointing out the omission.A solid 4 stars!
3	After hearing about the Geisha House from several friends who've been there numerous time, I decided to take the family there for a teppanyaki dinner.  The soup was flavorful and the main course was very tasty (filet, chicken, shrimp, and scallops).  The salad had too much dressing and the dressing itself wasn't as good as many of the other Japanese restaurants.  The fried rice was tasty but I didn't care for the ton of pink paste (butter and or lard, I guess) that went into it.  It just looks unappetizing when your food is not red but pink.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant was nicely kept.  The price was commensurate with other teppanyaki restaurants and the quality of the food was definitely above average.  If they lost the pink paste, I would be more inclined to try it again.
2	Prior to my visit I checked the prices online and when I arrived the menu price was different. I asked if they were going to honor that price and the hostess told me that they needed to update the menu online. I went to this restaurant because of the price and for them not to honor what they are advertising is unacceptable.
1	I decided to try this restaurant after shopping around this location numerous times . First impression was very nice interior design. Seated at table by hostess . Ordered drinks . Looked at the menu and couldn't find much entree in there , it was hard for me to figure out the menu and how to order .... There was not much varieties other than 2 pages of drinks, some sushi and hibachi. I was hoping there were more dinner entrees. Just not what I expected. Paid for drinks and left. I would say this restaurant is too fancy for its location. It's best to dine for special occasions.
4	Very good, took my family here and we all came out very satisfied.The tempura rolls are very very good, and so was the spicy tuna. I would definitely come back to this place next time I visit LV.The staff was very nice and very courteous, you can't go wrong with this spot.
4	Located at a strip mall, this location has limited parking. The food is great - I always get their special: shrimp tempura appetizer, fried rice, shrimps, lobster, filet mignon and chicken. The filet is always tender, juicy and full of flavor. I've tried their sushi and they're great as well. No matter what I get, I always have plenty of leftovers - not because the food isn't good but there's too much food.Sit around the hibachi grill for a great show. It's just like the "B" hibachi place. I like how they make onion volcano - I feel like a kid again.The only thing I don't like about this place is how obnoxious, embarrassing and loud it gets when somebody's celebrating his/her birthday. We're talking disco lights, megaphones, real loud and weird version of "Happy Birthday". I feel bad for the servers and the person who has a birthday.  I've told my family not to take me here on my birthday...EVERRR!!!
5	I live close by. I love eating here. Service is impeccable and the ambiance is wonderful. My sweet lady and I love to dine here at least once a month. It's our special place. My names Mic Tre and I approved this message.
5	I drive from north Las Vegas to go here all the time.  That should speak for itself.
4	So I'm new to the North Las Vegas area, and was looking for a "regular" sushi spot. This place is located in a strip mall and we decided to stop in one night after driving by a few times. The food was excellent. I had the steak it was cooked perfectly. The sashimi was fresh, and I had the spicy salmon roll, that too was excellent. The service was ok. The second time I went was with a large group for a birthday celebration, we sat at the grill. Our cook was very engaging and hilarious. The service this time was excellent. The food again was awesome, We had the sampler with steak, shrimp, and lobster. I recommend sharing its 10.00 and you get your own soup and salad and if I remember correctly it also includes another appetizer. Because we were there for a birthday our cook bought the birthday girl a saki bomb, the staff had everyone chant and then shoot! It was a very fun experience. Will definitely be my regular spot.
5	Yummy! Came here for a friend's birthday party. If you're sitting at the grill, ask for Felix, he was great and entertaining. I got some fried rice, and two rolls. 007 was ok, kind of plain. The creamy shrimp crunch roll was delicious! Prompt service, good food, will definitely recommend this place to anyone!
3	Wow!  Talk about high prices for a shopping center!  The sushi was very good and the service was excellent!  Checked the dinner menu and the hibachi dinner prices were as high as if you were on the strip!  My husband doesn't eat sushi so he would have a fit if he looked at the menu and saw the prices for the sushi and hibachi.  Also, the dinner menu is very limited.  As I said, I really enjoyed the sushi but doubt that I will back.
4	Let me just say that if it weren't for an impromptu invitation to come here and join a b-day party, I would've never set foot here again. I ate here at the sushi bar about 3 or 4 years ago and was not impressed at all. I decided at that time that I would just go elsewhere for sushi when I needed my fix.Tonight, I decided to open up to this place again and try habachi since I was invited to join a party of 9 other folks celebrating a birthday. I was pretty happy to see that the Geisha Special offered everything I needed in one order: shrimp tempura, soup, salad, fried rice, veggies, chicken, filet mignon, lobster and a choice of drink--all for $35. The chef was entertaining and had a great rapport with us rowdy patrons. The atmosphere of the whole place is just so fun and relaxed. It made a huge impact on the dining experience. The table next to us was not as rowdy since half of them were kids. I can see that the chefs here definitely play off of the crowd they're working with. (We were all adults and there was some maturely suggested things going on during the live cooking demonstration, tehe.)Not only was it very entertaining to watch being cooked, the food tasted excellent as well. They have this pink "secret sauce" that they put on everything and tastes phenomenal. I don't think I've had shrimp or lobster more tasty than what they serve here. I tried to con the chef into telling him I needed to know what was in the secret sauce because I may be allergic to an ingredient, but he didn't fall for it since my poker face was much harder to keep after having a few saki bombs.Overall, great service and an awesome dining experience that I won't soon forget. And to think I had been missing out this whole time before giving this place a second try. I can't wait to gather a group of folks to have dinner here again soon.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants to go with friends. The food is great and worth going just my husband and I, but the atmosphere and sake bombs makes for a much more eventful night if you're in a larger group. The filet is phenomenal. Tender and delicious. I love the "pink" rice also; just another way Geisha House adds to the experience. The cooks are always a lot of fun and very entertaining. It's not uncommon for the cook to do a sake bomb (or 2) with the group, on us of course! I am not a fan of the soup, but I honestly am just not a fan of the flavor regardless of where it is served. The salad is decent and the vegetables are good. Aside from that, the only reason I give them 4 stars instead of 5 is that they will not seat you until every last member of your group is there. While I understand this is to prevent us from taking up space, if we want to get seated and start with a few sake bombs I don't think we should be denied that. That aside, I highly recommend this place!
3	I've made 3 trips to Geisha House and here are my thoughts.  The service has been excellent every time. Dinner has always been well prepared and enjoyable, (I've only ever had their hibachi style dinner). The prices are a bit on the high side for the amount of food they serve you but since we only go once a year, I don't terribly mind. Geisha House is a fun experience and I would recommend them to anyone. I would give it 4 stars, but high prices prevent me from giving them 4.
2	I will start with the appearance, it was clean with a nice decor. Now the food...everything was fresh and plentiful. The cook was friendly and entertaining. Def a place to add a little entertainment to dinner.The food was cooked with too much lemon on the seafood, it overpowered the taste of it.The rice was cooked with garlic butter that was red. it made the rice look really weird, not tempting at all. He said it was to make it taste good and look pretty. There's Nothing pretty about red, bloody looking rice!I knew then It wasmn't going to taste good. I think they may put food coloring in the butter cause it kinda tasted funny with an after tatse.I don't know what ppl are eating or if they've ever had Really Good food. I have been around the globe and have had GOOOOOD food, so my taste buds are serious when it comes to good food.This was not good food, It was decent, but not like all these 4 & 5 star reviews say.
5	Fun at the hibachi table, but personal tables available. It's been perfect every time I go. Big fan of the land lovers special.
3	Ok so I first discovered geisha house about ten years ago when my family had our usual birthday dinner, this one for my sister. We went to the location on desert inn, which is the original geisha. Our experience there was so wonderful, the food was full of flavor, portions were perfect, service was fun and efficient, and the price was right on for all the greatness you were receiving. So, when they opened a new location on our side of town, the northwest we were salivating with anticipation. We were visiting frequently, so much in fact that we knew the cooks by name and they knew our family. Now, here's my problem with the geisha house of NOW. We normally order the geisha special for my husband and I, which consists of a drink, soup, salad, a side (egg rolls, tempura) veggies, rice, chicken, filet mignon, and half lobster tail for 35.95. Not a bad deal, that's a lot of food! If your going to share, it's an additional ten dollars, no big deal. But here's my problem.....the portions have shrunk significantly! If your lucky you might get two small pieces of cut up lobster tail, five pieces of filet mignon and a few pieces of chicken, the majority of your plate is rice and veggies. So for 45.95 your paying for sides mostly. This is not how I remember geisha being all those years before. You would literally leave feeling full, and have some left overs for lunch the next day. Kids portions are no different, and your paying upwards of 15.00 to 17.00 depending on the type of meat they choose, this does not include a drink, so your adding an additional 2.50 for a soft drink. By the end of the night your looking at about 100-115 dollar bill without tip. Now, I love food..... I love good food and I will pay for a great meal without complaint, but I have been utterly disappointed with how much it seems they are cutting corners and shorting the customers portions for the price. I gave it 3 stars because its clean, and the service is friendly. Depending on who's cooking for you, the food can be great, and they put on a good show. As far as service goes I've only had one awful experience there and it was for lunch, so I dinged them for that as well.
5	Geisha special is what I go for, for around 45 bucks you get salad, soup, rice, stir fry, chicken, shrimp, lobster, steak.  Usually the chefs are funny which is a plus
5	I love, love the food. It's basically the same as Beni Hani, but cheaper.
2	If you want sushi only and have a large party, go elsewhere.  They assume a large party will want hibachi dinner.  If you want all you can eat sushi, go elsewhere too.  The manager was accommodating enough where he let the majority our party order sushi and asked that 1 person order hibachi.  If you do have the hibachi dinner, ask for Felix.  He's really nice, keeps the kids entertained and will interact with the table.  The food is ok but the service was good.
5	This is by far one of the best Teppan-yaki places I have been too.  The entrees are delicious, like most teppan-yaki joints, but what separates Geisha House is how delicious the sides are too.  The rice is amazing and do not forget to add some tempura for an appetizer.
5	Excellent food and excellent service. Yvonne and Felix are out favorites and the best everytime we come here. Highly recommended and the fried rice is the best!
5	Service here is great every time.   I love this place.
5	Love this place. Food is amazing and the cooks are funny and friendly. I go here often.
5	Love the hibachi shows. Dinner is always great. Love the ice cream flavored rice.
4	Good Food, Good service!
3	Coming here was a spur of the moment decision. We had our 4 young kiddos with us and were wanting to celebrate our 13 year wedding anniversary so we splurged and decided to go inside and check it out.  It was a lot of fun, but a lot of food for my young 'uns.  So.. we brought home quite a bit.  We did have my youngest two (ages 5 5 and 6) share a meal.  I love the pink rice and I love the soup that comes with the meal.  The show was so-so. Our cook had a few problems flipping his egg. Oh well.. I think he was a newbie.  I have had better at other Teppanyaki places, but the kids were very impressed. We would go again, but it will not be anytime soon!
2	I'd been to the Geisha House in Los Angeles and expected the same type of restaurant. However, that was not the case. Service was really slow. We sat at the hibachi grill and, although the woman took our food order extremely fast, we had to wait for an additional six people to fill up the remaining seats (about 30 minutes) before they began cooking any of the food. I guess this is normal in Vegas, as I've seen other restaurants do the same, but it was a bit bizarre to me. The food they grill on the hibachi (fried rice, veggies, and meat) is all cooked with (at least what the chef said) watermelon ice cream, rather than garlic butter. It was interesting, but not exactly appetizing in my opinion. The steak was good and the sushi was decent but I've had much better for less dough. Overall it just wasn't what I was expecting. I'm sure others may come here and find it enjoyable and delicious, but unfortunately I'll be looking elsewhere.
4	Food was excellent. I am however a big eater and I don't think I can afford to order enough food to get full at this place which is typical of any Japanese place for me. I spent $20 on lunch and it probably would have cost me another $20 to be full.
4	Who wants to be entertained by a good lookin Chef Jeff??  Me, me, me!!!  Took some friends out the other night for some hibachi table cooking and so glad we did.  We did make a reservation a couple hours ahead of time and we barely made it in.  So I definitely recommend a reservation for the cooking tables.  The rest of the place didn't look too busy.We were seated immediately and a girl came to take our drink order.  We didn't wait too long before Chef Jeff came to our table.  At first I thought he was going to be all stuffy-good looks and all but he warmed up to us real quick.  Now I've been to many of these cooking table thingies and I just wish....wish wish wish that someone would come up with something original.  To me its so redundant....sorry to say.  The potential is GIGANTIC here.  Mark my words....someone out there will come up with some new and improved fun new tactics that will be the new upcoming trend.  The standard ole sliced onion with the fire in the hole is a bit played out.  So why do I come?  It's still fun but the food is amazing.  We've even ordered it once without the whole show.  Its just that good.  So your dinner comes with soup, salad, fried rice (some places charge extra) and your meat choices.  They usually serve it all up with a few different sauces on the side.  I think Chef Jeff forgot about the sauces because we already had our food when we asked.  Better late than never I guess.I have always had super great experiences here.  One of my most favorite ones was when I was hosting my girlfriend's bday party-party of 14 when Osaka DROPPED the ball big time on my reservation.  While I was in their lobby I called Geisha....they said absolutely come in and they would make up for Osaka's stupidity!  Boy did they ever.  I think they all wanted to prove a point that they were much better than Osaka because the service and ALL of the staff was absolutely OUTSTANDING to say the least.  Quite the party recovery.  We ended the night taking a pic with all of us and most of the staff.  For this I will always be loyal!Until next time.....which will be soon....
5	Anyone that gives this place a bad review is just stupid and probably complains daily. The service here is always amazing! From the sushi chefs to servers, to bar staff! Sushi is always good! Always! We love Geisha!!!!!
5	WOW!!! chef Jeff has to be the best chef i have had cook for me and my friends in a long time! besides for the good looks he is professional and his food is amazing! great personality and great routine! i have to say his conversation shows that Chef Jeff has a lot of experience and good head on his shoulders, thanks for such a great experience Jeff ! we will be loyal to Geisha House!!!!!!
4	We've been going to Geisha for 20 years and it's always great. Only comment I have about this location is the music choice. Rap music isn't appropriate for this particular venue. Doesn't make for a relaxing visit with friends and good food.
5	Let start by saying, his name should be AWESOME CHEF JEFF!!! Out 4 Sam 40th Birthday with my Cousins could not have been any better. Awesome Chef Jeff gave us a GREAT SHOW & FOOD. If your ever in Las Vegas, MAKE SURE you hit this location, you won't be disappointed. GREAT CHEF (& he's eye candy ladies...Lol) GREAT STAFF,  GREAT FOOD, GREAT DRINKS & WONDERFUL ENTERTAINMENT!!!
5	....
5	Awesome food and friendly service at VERY affordable prices!  Can't beat the lunch specials!  I will definitely be coming back here!
4	Love this place, great atmosphere and awesome food
4	Back we went to Geisha House with another couple, looking forward to another pleasing Teppenyaki Japanese Steakhouse meal.  I at least was not disappointed.I began with a Sashimi Combo: 9 pieces of sashimi, which were all thick, fresh, and excellent.  This was followed by a good Miso Onion Soup and a nice cold salad with a fresh tomato slice and Ginger Dressing.  While grilling assorted vegetables, our grillmaster wound up discarding too many mushrooms into the chute off the grill, but I got plenty of grilled zucchini, sprouts, and mushrooms on my plate anyway since veggie-hating Diane always awards her share to me.  I did not receive a large serving of Filet, but it was medium rare as ordered and seasoned just right.  But unfortunately one of my guests said that her chicken was very tough.  Although I have noticed chipped plates here in the past, this time I was happy to see that all the plates we received were new and unchipped.  Although I come for the food, the show at the grill was also fairly good and entertaining.4-1/2 stars overall!
4	Great hibachi grill with a talented chef named Jeff. The food was reasonably priced for hibachi. Expect about 25 dollars a person, but the food is good. The waiting staff was very attentive filling drink often. We tried one sushi roll and it looks like they don't lack in that area as well, but the menu needs a little work. I would recommend for work parties, close friends, or a date. Hope you enjoy.
5	Great sushi! Good price, good service, fresh fish. Love it. Highly  recommend that place.
1	Sushi was pretty good, but the tempura, steak, and udon was terrible. Plus, our waitress did shots with the couple seated behind us! Very unprofessional!! Other servers were great.
4	First time dining here & it was amazingly good! Chef Jeff was very good & entertaining! We will definitely be back!!
5	Good service and welcoming ambiance. Everyone seemed very busy but still took the time to greet and serve us with the utmost professionalism.Started off at the bar. The bartender Cody was very nice & knowledgable on the drinks. Sushi chefs were super friendly and efficient. Chef Devante exceeded our expectations and recommended specialty rolls, his presentation was immaculate! Everything was tasting fresh.Our hibachi dinner absolutely topped the night!! Chef Jeff put on an awesome show. He was full of energy, smiling, making jokes, & made sure everyone at the table was having a good time & happy not to mention how GREAT the food tasted! He really delivered in all aspects of cooking. I'm very picky when it comes to seasoning food but chef Jeff made everything just right, geisha special was well worth the price! I would definitely go again & request him.My overall grade for the service is an A+! Our server Ailie explained the menu very well & made sure we were never missing anything she was very sweet & made our dining experience one to remember!Highly recommended! Fellas it's a good spot for a first, second, or third date. Pricing is reasonable overall. GO!
4	Had our son's annual birthday dinner here. Four of us of split a Japanese lasagna and rocky mountain sushi roll. Then ordered two geisha specials which was more than an enough food for all of us. The chef was entertaining and the staff was quick to serve us. For the amount of food the price was spot on. Can't wait to return. Thanks Jorge "The Mexican Ninja!"
1	I came in with a large family party for me nephew's birthday. Having reservations over a week in advance, we all thought we were safe here as everyone individually had been here before with generally positive reviews. Maybe it was because it was during the early afternoon, or perhaps someone called in sick that day. Whatever the cause was, the staff was generally confused as to what should be happening with a large party. The restaurant only assigned 1 person from the wait staff to bring in drinks, which was pretty daunting for him as he chose not to write anything down. After about 20 minutes and several mistakes, everyone had finally gotten the drinks that they had ordered. Another 20 minutes went by, and after some complaining, they finally sent the same kid around to ask us what we'd like to eat. Mind you, we were sitting at the grill and not at tables. Our orders were taken and at this point our waiter finally realized we might want round 2 on our drinks since we'd all been sitting for the better part of an hour. We all sat around talking and waiting, and waiting, and finally another 45 minutes had past. We were all frustrated and very hungry at this point, and the staff had pretty much just deserted us at this point. Finally, a full 90 minutes after we had placed our drink orders, the chef came out. I'm not going to bother mention the chef's name, but he's listed in several other reviews as an awesome chef. Unfortunately, he came out, apologized for having us wait so long and promptly cracked a joke about how it was his first day. Having reviewed the place on yelp beforehand and remembering his picture in several reviews, that didn't go over well. He started setting up, and just after he placed the first bowl of rice down on the grill, he realized they weren't even turned on yet. All this time, and no one bothered to turn on the grills.We got our fourth round of drinks started while we waited for the grill to heat up, and finally some of our party had seen enough while others simply ran out of time. A few members of our group decided to leave, knowing full well that their orders were already placed. One of them mentioned the situation again to the staff on their way out, but still ended up having to pay even though they didn't get to eat anything. After another 15 minutes or so, the chef determined that the grills were hot enough, (he was working both grills for our dwindling group by himself) and got to verifying what everyone had ordered. He ended the experience by screwing up about half the orders, and though he eventually got everything cooked, pretty much no one was happy. The one upside that I will give to my experience here, the chef succeeded in cooking on 2 grills for what amounted to 15 people without burning anything that was given to us. Some of it was given to the wrong people, and some ingredients were mixed in the orders, but he managed to pull it off by himself. Second, in the enormous pass of time we were waiting for them to get their act together, I managed to get in a baked roll order. It was, I'm glad to say pretty dang good. Too bad though, the next time I'm in the mood for Japanese food, I'll save myself 10 miles and just go to Satoya instead to have better food and a better experience.
4	When you go to this restaurant ask for chef Jeff.   Excellent way of preparing your food.  And the food came out tasting outstanding.
3	Went for lunch, slow crowd, but service was still slow.  Ordered off lunch special & had side salad instead of miso.  Salad is great.  Lunch special was ok.  Dinner time seems to be a better preparation.  Music playing was great and full bar was open.
5	This is our date night regular spot. We love it here and return often as we can! Love the cool trucks the staff learn and always super friendly Our  favorite is the pink rice and we alternate on what we try each time just to change the experience! Would recommend to anyone to try this place and make it your new date night out !
4	This our second time to the Geisha restaurant.   As before the food was prepared to perfection.
4	Met here with friends to celebrate a birthday.  Chef Jeff cooked our food and was very talented.  The wait staff was very courteous.   The food was delicious and the atmosphere was comfortable and well thought out.  We enjoyed our time and will return soon.
5	I love love love this restaurant! I have never been disappointed. I have taken the fussiest of eaters here and everyone has been happy! Not a bad thing to say about it!
3	I love geisha house but this location is the worse of them all only because of their sushi and service.I love their hibachi dinner I can't complain about it because it's always on point and never a disappointment. Now the sushi is terrible there! It's really sad because all the other locations have some good sushi at their place. I order some nigiri sushi and they didn't give me rice with it and when I asked they said that's not how they do it there and if I wanted rice with my sushi I had to pay more. Ummm what they hell!Most of the servers there are young but really nice there and are very attentive the reason why I said service is bad is because of their responses to my request. Another request I asked was I wanted another bowl of their mushroom soup and the server laughs and goes yous gottas to pay extra. I just believe you should speak in a professional manner and do what the customer asks for.
5	Stopped here for a quick meal a couple weeks ago and had a sashimi salad. Well proportioned, this was by far one of the best sashimi salads I've had to date. The service was great and everyone was very nice and attentive. Will definitely come back!!
5	We love this place! The food is always delicious. Our favorite is the hibachi but the sushi is good as well. The service is great. We have never had a bad experience here or at the southeast location. My husband always requests to go here for birthdays and other special occasions. Don't fear the pink rice, it is delicious!
3	I have been here a few times and the service was really good but tonight must be an off night because one of the waitresses was really rude. First, we were not even offered any "Happy Hour" drinks, then it felt like an inconvenience to order drinks before being seated. The waitress made us feel it was a hassle to order. Once we sat at the table our waiter was really nice and let us have time to look over the menu. The waitress was rushing our waiter to take our order so I asked her if we needed to leave since she was in a rush. The chef and waiter really made up for her inconsiderate actions. Our 7 yr old chose this restaurant to eat and we are happy that he enjoyed it.
5	My fiance and I have been to Geisha house probably a million times when we lived in Aliante.  Usually later in the night because thats when we both have time to eat.  One random day we went around opening of the grill and we got to meet CHEF JEFF.  The food is amazing of course because we keep going back but the this time we had Chef Jeff and it was by far hands down the best experience ever!He was very social.  He wasnt trying to show off.  He listened to what we liked.  My steak was actually medium and perfect.  He noticed i am obsessed with the pink sauce and the white dipping sauce.  All in all if you go back or go for the first time ask to be sat at Chef Jeff's table...THE BEST!
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants. The staff is super friendly and welcoming. Jorge is our favorite chef and always puts on a good show while being friendly. Perfect date night location. The food is always excellent and the sushi is to die for. Great place to go if you have out of town visitors as they cater to picky eaters.
5	I love geisha, their tepan tables brings families together and kids are always laughing. The chefs make the whole experience wonderful. The food is pretty good and the friend rice with the ice cream ;) is delish.
5	Went here for lunch with my mom and sister during a little break we had. We got there when it wasn't so busy, then it got pretty busy a few minutes later. But I have to say, the food was deeeeelicious! We ordered two rolls of sushi and my mom and I each ordered a lunch box special. I really wish I remembered the names of our meals, but I have terrible memory! And I really wish I remembered the name of our server because he was fabulous! Our food came out pretty fast and the service was was good also. I liked the food so much that I ordered a sushi roll togo to bring to work! Lol. I have yet to try the teppanyaki though! Definitely recommend this place!
5	Hibachi dinner with the family.  I had the filet & lobster, my son the shrimp & NY steak, my daughter the chicken & shrimp, and my wife the shrimp & scallops.  We've been coming here for years and it's always been really good, but the scallops were a bit overcooked this time around.  Everything else was really good and this was the first time that's happened, so I'm not overly concerned.  In fact, we like this place so much, we haven't been to another hibachi restaurant (you know the one) since discovering this place 5 years ago.If you're thinking they are too pricy for a night out with the family, be informed that they will cut their portion of the main course in half for half the price.  With the soup, salad, fried rice, and veggies, it's still enough food.  We walked out spending $120 for the four of us before tip.
4	My wife and I try to visit at least once a month. When we go, we sit at the cooking tables. We always have attentive service and the chefs are outgoing. Our favorite is the filet meal. At times, the place can be very busy and it's hard to get a seat without a reservation on busy nights.
4	I absolutely love this restaurant and have no complaints except them adding on the gratuity for my family of 6! We can't afford to take the whole family anymore since they started doing this. Other then that no complaints. My husband and I frequent this resteraunt a lot for date nights!
4	Just had teppanyaki. Shrimp and veggie with tofu. This place is always solid for great teppanyaki experience.  I find the service is a little spotty but the food and sushi has been pretty consistent. I'm always full when I leave but hungry when I get home. ...I dunno?
5	Yummmmyy! I come here all the time and the food is amazing! Service is good not great but the food makes up for it.
4	Good hibachi dinner. Geisha special is the best value. It gets packed on the weekends and a little loud. Sake bombs all the time. Make reservations for the weekend. Chefs are personable and the wait staff are on top of it.
2	Limited Sushi menu, price point on the hibachi is high for the portion size you get, and the katsu was fatty and rubbery.  We were the only ones there yet the waitress was slow to respond to our requests.
1	BEYOND over priced! We paid over $20 a plate when we sat at the fancy hibachi table - okay, fine - there's the show & a decent amount of food. But tonight, we sat at a regular table & paid $9 for a scoop of rice and $18 for a half of a chicken cutlet with an even smaller scoop of rice. The food is good, but not THAT good! Come on now!
5	Love taking the family here for a special occasion, food is yummy and cooks are easy to talk to and lots of fun!
4	Everything was good for lunch specials hibachi from the service/ chefs and food. Our chef definitely entertained us and as well as a talented chef. The food was perfectly cooked. Two thumbs up from my belly.  The only thing that bugged me was our dish ware most were chipped or cracked/broken yet still served out with our food, why?! That stuff weirds me out incase I eat something or swallow plus it makes the place look downgraded.  But that other than that I was my experience was good.
5	I must say this place has the best sushi, period.  I have been to sushi restaurants all over Vegas, The Strip, LA, and New York and I'll tell you this place wins.  By far, the freshest, most tastey dish I've had.  Not the raunchy, smelly, messy sushi you find in grocery stores or the low class restaurants.  The environment is pretty good, not a ten, but nice.
5	I went last night with girlfriend.  The service was pretty good.  The waiter was nice, but could've been more on top of our waters going empty.  The food was AMAZING and definitely made up for it.  I had the Red Miso Chicken and my girlfriend had the Geisha Special Teppanyaki.
4	Our favorite sushi place in N. LV! Sushi is hands down the best tasting we've had in the area, service is outstanding and definitely a place worth revisiting. Our only gripe is the price, however until we find a better sushi place that's cheaper its a moot point. I've only ventured here for the sushi, the hibachi grill was not recommended yet. I'll update this review once I've experienced it for myself.
4	Sushi is the best part about this place. Other then that it's ok. They are either a hit or a miss when it comes to there hibachi and other then the random hour changes nothing to big. Will only go back for the sushi.
2	The food was great! But the service was horrible! we are still sitting at the table waiting for the waiter to get our cards. They had to confirm with us 3 times what each of us had ordered.   The staff appears to be confused and also unapologetic that they are taking so long. There was also an automatic 18% gratuity. Would not have chosen that. This food is not worth the trouble!
5	My son chose to come back here and the service was great! Chef Jeff cooked a delicious meal. Our waiter was excellent, too! We have tried other hibachi restaurants and have to say this one is the best especially when our 8 yr old request to come back!
2	One would think with semi mid prices like this the menu would be better printed and not missing letters. Food was meh service was meh. Got here a little after 930pm, they close at 1030 and tildbus we need to be done by then.... yea prob not gonna come back after this. . .
2	The hostess / waitress was incredibly rude and the food... Although good....was overpriced . I don't mind paying good many if the staff lives up to the hype.
5	Most recent visit was as good as the rest.  Family all ordered the usual, and the scallops were cooked perfectly this time around after the minor hiccup last time.  Also, the place was packed.  With the economy improving and their friendlier prices, I'd recommend a reservation to be safe-- especially on the weekend if you're looking to do the hibachi.
5	Unbelievable!! Try the Red Rock roll if you like avocado! Very fast and great service. Friendly staff will make you smile. Very clean place with a cozy atmosphere too.
