5	I had been looking forward to enjoying a meal at Luedtke's Wonder Bar since I was there this fall for a cocktail with a group of friends who get together to go out to eat several times a year. We are usually looking for something of an adventure and included the Wonder Bar at the last minute, but only for a cocktail - more or less to confirm rumors that the painting that used to hang over the fireplace was back. As soon as we arrived, I wished we had chosen the Wonder Bar for our main destination - vowing to come again soon for dinner. The ambiance had me immediately - the intimate bar area, the turret rooms for privacy, the incredible stone fire place with, yes, the famed charming painting of a 60's era pinup beauty back in place. Every place that my eye rested registered satisfaction and perfection in my mind. We ordered cocktails - I felt compelled to go with something supper club - esque and ordered a brandy old fashioned - which, besides being perfectly mixed, complimented the atmosphere so that I felt like we were sitting there during the heyday of the supper club era. All too soon my first visit to the Wonder Bar ended - without so much as a taste from the menu. Finally - my husband and I returned for dinner last night with his parents and our young daughter to celebrate his birthday. Upon our arrival, everything was just as I remembered - but, I think possibly even more magical. My husband ordered his favorite martini and I chose something bubbly - neither disappointed - in fact, my husband's blue cheese stuffed olives were promptly accommodated (a rarity in this land of cheese for some unfathomable reason). After the rest of our group arrived and settled in with a cocktail, we were led upstairs to a turret room for dinner. It couldn't have been more perfect for our group - cozy and quiet. We ordered a few side dishes for our daughter to keep her comfortable (they were brought out within a matter of minutes) and some oysters on the half shell for the rest of the table. Within moments we were enjoying those lovely little briny treats while contemplating dinner choices. Our server advised us of the dinner special - a salmon filet, Oscar style - sounded delicious except that we had just had salmon at home the night before. We all settled on steak (probably not that surprising as it is a supper club), but, what was surprising to me was the range of sizes and cuts - something for everyone. Finally, a 6 oz tenderloin - the perfect size. The salad choices were consistent with the usual supper club fare - but that is not to say they were boring. Our table ordered one of just about every side salad on the menu - and we all raved that our choice was the best. Our steaks arrived unanimously perfectly cooked to the correct temperature, with that perfect amount of crust - my mouth is still watering remembering it. We ordered a range of side dishes - potatoes and vegetables - all exceeding our expectations in flavor and portion size (though not so grossly oversized that you leave feeling like your leftovers could feed an army). Since it was my husband's birthday, I wanted to end our dining experience with a birthday cake. I didn't wish to bring something in - seemed unfair to the Wonder Bar. So, a few days ahead of our reservation I asked whether one of their deserts could be made as a whole cake rather than separate pieces - just seemed more special. Of course they were more than happy to accommodate - so, after dinner and perfectly on cue, the server brought out a delicious chocolate torte covered with berries - and with a few birthday candles to boot! The presentation was an excellent surprise - the cake was divine. I'm looking forward to a little sliver tonight when I get home. In all, our experience at the Wonder Bar left absolutely nothing to be desired. Frankly, as far as steak houses/supper clubs go, Luedtke's Wonder Bar is my new favorite. I believe I might have actually enjoyed it better than Gibson's in Chicago which has been my No. 1 since I first went there about 10 years ago. Pros: Ambiance, service, food, local flair, historical relevance, price. Cons: None (ok, to tell the truth, my husband would like it better if his steak would have come out on a sizzler plate). Quote of the Night (from my 6 year old): "My meal was better than anything I could have gotten off a kid's menu." (This has significance given the fit she had when she found out they didn't have one.)
5	I love this place. Great food. Great atmosphere. I like it better as a steak house than the old Bar Next Door, which was just a bar. They've done a great job of keeping up the old mafia bar feel without being tacky.What I really want to say about the steak is that I love steak. I also don't make all that much money so going out to a steak house is not a common occurrence for me. Therefor when I go to a restaurant for steak I want it to be great. I would never expect the Wonder Bar to disappoint.Decent wine list. Also seems like it would be fun to just hang at the bar.
5	First off, Luedtke's Wonder Bar is in the same location as the previous establishment known as "The Bar Next Door". The decor is much the same...but that is where the comparison ends. I will always prefer to spend my dollar at a small business vs. a chain. I respect what it takes to make good food and make it consistently when you are working from scratch every day. For reference, some of my favorite spots in Madison are Otto's, Louisianne's, and The Tornado Room. Luedtke's Wonder Bar is a notch above that dynamic trio if you can believe it. I have dined at Luedtke's Wonder Bar twice in the last two months. The latest meal being this last Friday night. I had seared tuna as an appetizer. The tuna was fantastic. The next thing I had was the crab bisque. I am not sure if this is on the menu every night but the two times I have been there, that has been the soup...Let me just say if it isn't on the menu every night, it should be! My goodness that is a great tasting soup. For my main dish I had a 9 oz fillet and garlic mash. The fillet had the consistency of sushi grade tuna. It was full of flavor and practically melted in my mouth. My only regret was that I didn't order the 12 oz! My wife had a crusted halibut fillet which she proclaimed was the best food she had ever had in a restaurant. That is high praise coming from her. So, the food is definitely 5 star, the atmosphere is quaint and cozy, the wine selection is nice and the prices are definitely in-line with what you get for the money. Hat's off Mr. Luedtke, we will certainly be back!
5	We dined at Luedtke's on 04/24/10.  We were in town for a convention.  The place was great.  The prices were reasonable, the service top notch.  Nice that the owner was at the bar, enjoying a cocktail and mingling and conversing with the customers.  We had oysters, oysters rockefeller, Carpaccio appetizers.  The oysters were ocean fresh, the beef sliced perfectly for the carpaccio.  My companion had a tomahawk bone-in ribeye.   I challenged him, doubting he could finish it, but he did.  It was done to perfection.  I had a filet and crableg combo.  Nice portion size at a very reasonable price.  The rolls were fresh baked and hot.  The hollandaise for the asparagus (included) was a bit thick but very tasty.  Cocktails are good sized as you would expect for Wisconsin.  Cozy atmosphere.   Not certain how they could improve upon the experience.
5	Excellent, excellent food, we had Chilean Sea Bass and Kansas City steak with pasta alfredo and marinara.  The bar has the original name from when it was a gangland hangout with characters like Capone and his henchmen frequenting the place when it was a little too hot in Chicago.  The place is pretty much original along with the round corner eating areas so nobody had a back to the door.  The original escape tunnel to lake has been cemented over and gunfire was not an unknown quantity here.Service was superb.Had a great conversation with the Manager.
5	Just amazing.  The cowboy is the biggest and best steak I have had in Madison.  Cooked to perfection.  We had a sampling of appetizers and everything was just delicious.  Half of our group went with the seafood offerings and couldn't say enough about how great they were.The restaurant has a really neat history and a lot of character.  It is expensive, but worth every penny.  Service is excellent and very professional.I would also recommend this as a great place for a cocktail and appetizers.
5	I can't say enough wonderful things about this place! My husband surprised me with dinner here for our 1 year anniversary. When we arrived we were welcomed as soon as we walked in the door. They gave us the option of having a drink first or going to our table. We chose to have a drink and when we were ready they showed us to our table. The decor is very classy and charming. It is not a very large restaurant but there is additional seating up stairs which is very nice with two fireplaces. The service is very nice and everything comes out just at the right time. Wine list is wonderful and the food is excellent!! My husband had the ribeye while I had the stuffed trout. Good place for a group of no more then 8 I would say but very nice for a dinner with the person you love!
5	best steak in madison, hands down!!!  Crab legs are amazing too!
4	My parents took me to this place 50+ years ago [they had nickel slots in the back room,,].Decided to return when it became the Wonder Bar again.This place is intimate/romantic complete with fireplace,a great place for a date or that special night.Both myself and companion had the petite filet which was excellent. Suggest bisque and hash browns[ with cheese/onions] as sides.Service was attentive friendly and very good.Recommend giving the Wonder Bar with its food and history a try!
5	The Signature Steak is as good as it gets!!! Best Steak in town. The service was excellent considering they had a table of 30+ to deal with, but didn't look like they lost a step on the others.
1	We stopped in for dinner on Friday night.  There was a table open and we waited right at the front door for the host.  We waited and waited.  The two waiters could have easily sat us.  The bartender kept looking over at us and nothing.  I do not recommend this place.
5	AMAZING steakhouse! I lived in Madison for a year and a half and had never heard of this place, but it is definitely the best steak I've had in town.The place has been around since before prohibition. In fact, behind the bar, they have a framed certificate that says the "This Establishment has been Closed Due to Violation of the National Prohibition Act" Pretty cool. It also has the original menu framed, from the early 1900's. So, very classic decor.The food was OUTSTANDING! We had BBQ Bacon Wrapped Prawns as an appetizer and their Crab Bisque is right up there with the best I've ever had! My steak was also cooked to perfection. We had an amazing experience, intend to go back and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great steak in a great atmosphere.
5	Wow! This is the best steakhouse in Madison. Not inexpensive but you get what you pay for. Nice wine selection, great steaks (go for the Cowboy) and bring your appetite. Four of us ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell, fresh and delicious. We also ordered the seared scallops, again delicious.  My wife ordered the surf&turf and loved it. Service was excellent, attentive but not intrusive. Overall we rated our dinner and the overall evening at The Wonder Bar a 5 star experience. We will be back soon.
5	WIthout question, the finest steak in Madison; perhaps the state.  The Wonder Bar can compete with Mo's in Milwaukee, FAR better than Ruth/Flemming/Smoky's.  Tornado was my previous choice, but no more.Get the carpaccio and the big filet, blue rare- it will spoil you for all other restaurants.
5	Absolutely phenomenal. I almost took a second filet mignon to go. A must eat in Madison!
5	Best meal we have had in Madison in a while. Went last night. Seated at once in their upstairs dining room. Very attentive service. Food was VG. Our party had cowboy steak,Chicago pork chop,petite filet and another steak. More food than you can really eat,unless you skip meals for the rest of the day. With crab cake appetizer,four dinners, 5 drinks and tip we were still under $200.00. We will go again and would recommend to others if they want a great steak in Madison.
5	Review is just for bar! We didn't eat here, and not gonna lie, they don't have much for a vegan to eat.We found this place when we were visiting Madison, and my husband simply typed "bar" into my Yelp app from our hotel room. We were both stunned to discover such a cool place so near to us! This is exactly the kind of place I like. Old school. Cozy. Classy. Older Clientele. If I lived in Madison, I would spend many of my nights in their tiny bar.The bartender schooled me on what exactly goes on with a brandy Old Fashioned. Hey, I live in LA, where Old Fashioneds are made of bourbon, and no one ever asks how sweet you want it! But I rather liked my brandy version. I moved on to my signature drink, the Manhattan... and they wanted to maybe make that with brandy as well! What is up with you WI people and your brandy?!? :-D And while I admit I was taken aback that it was served on the rocks, well, I embraced that and celebrated cultural differences. :-)Anyway, great spot! Great service! And as far as I am concerned, very cheap prices on drinks. We got 2 cocktails, 2 glasses of wine, and 1 glass of beer, which came to $40 with a generous tip. In LA, I would expect to pay over $60 for that!
5	Great steaks, terrific bar, very good value.  Not as pricey as Fleming's or Ruth's Chris and much better than Smokey's. The outside seating is not quite so charming with a not-so-great view of the air conditioning unit for the sports bar next door, but eat inside for a great, reasonably priced steak dinner.
4	My partner and I went here a little while ago and we were definitely impressed. I had crab legs and a NY strip combo. It also came with a salad and bread - tons of food! The environment has an old style steakhouse feel, larger portions and more traditional sides. The only downside was that my partners steak (the Wonder Bar Steak)  was undercooked, he asked for medium and it was rare. I think they might have mixed up our orders, as I requested a medium rare and mine was barely pink. Also, the Wonder Bar steak is pretty much a softball size and shape piece of meat, so maybe that's why the middle was underdone. I would also suggest making a reservation, we had to sit in the hallway to a stairwell and it was loud. We will definitely be back.
4	We came here Saturday night and there was a huge crowd from the badger game. With reservations it took about 15 minutes before we were seated, but we weren't in a rush.Everything was great from the cocktails, the wine selection, and the perfectly done steak. We were glad to be seated upstairs because the downstairs area seemed a bit cramped and noisy.
5	Here's the short of it:  Outstanding food with even better service, at a great value for the top-notch quality.  Highly, highly recommend.I first started hitting this place before it was the Wonder Bar - at the time, it was the Bar Next Door.  The cozy ambience with a hint of historic edge, hit me.  Well that and the uber friendly clientele.  Fast forward a handful of years and it became the place I met my now husband.  Awwwwwww... Now initially, I was bummed when the Bar Next Door closed down.  That is, however, until I stepped in to the redone Wonder Bar.  Oh. My. Gawd.  They took the ambience of the old bar and shot it through the roof.  There isn't a bad seat in the house, either upstairs or down.  With a fireplace on each level, turrets and tasteful artwork, every corner is pleasing to the eye.  The tables are tastefully appointed.  Classy without being fussy.When you arrive, start with a cocktail.  A nice selection of top shelf liquors line the back of the historic wooden bar.  And they make them strong.  Don't forget about the nice wine list for the winos - there's a lil' something for everyone.  Even if you're just thirsty and not hungry, this place is worth a stop in.  The food is just... WOW.  Delectable steaks with good portions at decent prices.  The seafood and poultry dishes are also excellently prepared.  Thanks Chef Shawn!  Each dish comes with a salad and side, so you won't leave hungry.  Be sure to try the desserts, as they come in large-sized portions, perfect for sharing.  (their creme brulee is so, so good.)Overall, this restaurant is better than other 'famous' steakhouses in the area, hands-down.  Just be sure to place a reservation - or you could be dining elsewhere that night.So back to my story - I loved the place so much, I held my wedding upstairs.  Imagine that, a dining addict getting married in a restaurant - crazy, right?!  Lol.  Yeah, not so crazy when you see the intimate setting of this place.  The crew nailed the event with impeccable service and over-the-top-amazing food.  Every guest LOVED their selection and said it was the best wedding food they'd had.  Needless to say, this establishment holds a special place in my heart and I'll be back, time and time again.
4	Wow. This little restaurant serves delicious food without question. I checked this place out with my Aunt who had been there before. She recommended we go with Carpaccio for the appetizer because it will 'melt in your mouth.' Well, that it certainly did, but I don't know if I could get a distinct taste from it. I enjoyed it, and made it into a mini open sandwich with the piece of bread, parmesian, and salad it was served with. It grew on me more and more after each bite, it was also quite an elegant cut, very thinly sliced.I also had the Loaded Wedge salad, this was the most confusing dish to me. It was literally a wedge of salad. If you wanted an easy go at it, you needed to cut it up prior to trying to eat it. For the entree, I went with the Filet Mignon. That too 'melted' in my mouth. I have never had a piece of meat executed so well. It was so easy to cut and filled with so much flavor (juicy too). For my side, I tried the Wonder Bar Signature Hashbrowns. The only thing I had to compare it with was George Webbs hashbrowns, which in hindsight, makes me laugh now. These blew those out of the water. This is a must order side for anyone.Best part of the meal was that I left full. My biggest worry about restaurants like this is that the portions are smaller, which if they have great dessert options, good. But usually, you're not interested in a dessert as well.Dear Wonder Bar,While I doubt to visit often, I do know that I will have to come back again and I will tell my friends about the 'wonder-full' time I had.Sincerely,You're new fanp.s. I heard The Wonder Bar is haunted, I will have to explore that more the next time I visit.
5	Don't let the name throw you off, this is one of Madison's best dining establishments. It has a unique atmosphere, a fine menu selection, excellent service and an overall great experience. You can't go wrong if you pick this spot for dinner. Try the chef selection dinner special or the house steak.
3	Very intimate. We had been told that the steaks were amazing. I ordered my  steak medium.  It came out very rare.  I sent it back and it came back cooked nicely but they had poured butter all over it and the plate was full of butter. We were a party of 7 and no one else had butter on their steaks. My friend had broccoli and said it was very gritty like it hadn't been washed.  Appetizers were good. Service was exceptional.
1	If you ever go to the Wonder Bar, take my advice and PAY IN CASH. Five of us went there for dinner last Tuesday. We were 3 minutes late getting there and they promptly gave our table away. So, we patiently waited about 45 minutes for another table. The food was good: we all had the petite filet. It was a good value at $26. Mine came with a somewhat wilted and small salad and a side. My total bill was $40 (including a glass of wine and tip). The waitress was very nice and offered to split up the bill for us, and we all paid our share (about $40 each) and went on our way. Three days later I checked my credit card activity to find a $169 charge on it from the Wonder Bar (aka Coliseum Bar). I alerted my friends who told me they had already been charged the correct amounts on their cards. I contacted the Wonder Bar, and Rick the manager double checked and informed me they had put the entire bill on my credit card, and that they would correct it on my card and charge the others in my party. I informed him my friends had already been charged their correct share. He apparently didn't listen b/c today several of them were charged AGAIN. So, what had been a semi-nice experience has turned into a huge headache. This was an awful customer experience, and I don't think any of have received an apology for all these errors. There goes your positive review, recommendation, and any repeat business from us.
5	We ventured in the Wonder Bar on a snowy night...the restaurant was dark and cozy, and lit by candlelight and the flames from a wonderful and huge old fireplace.  We sat at the bar and chatted with the staff while we sipped cocktails and treated ourselves to a couple of wonderful apps.: crab cakes and bacon-wrapped shrimp.  The crab cakes had almost no breading (just how I like them), and they were full of crab meat.  The shrimp were cooked to perfection, and topped with a nice house-made (I think) barbeque sauce.  The presentation was artful but not overdone.  Didn't have a full dinner, but the vibe was perfect.  All the tables were filled on a week night, and people were obviously enjoying their meals and conversations.  The staff was extremely friendly, and obviously enjoyed their jobs.  The Wonder Bar is one of those places you'd see in a movie, but wouldn't believe actually exists.  It does.  We'll be back!
3	My husband and I tried out the Wonder Bar last night because we had a $10 off coupon. We had a 6:30 reservation and were promptly seated upstairs, which we appreciated because the bar, although a cool atmosphere, was loud and wasn't quite the "date night" we had in mind.Service was ok, but we expected better at these prices. You can't eat here for less than $25 a person -- average is more like $30-35 each. My husband's wine glass had a lip print on it so he had to ask for a new one, and the server never brought me my side order. We also felt a bit rushed through the salad course -- I wasn't even finished with my salad when our food came out and there was very little space on our small table for me to slide it over.That being said, the food was pretty good. I loved the iceberg wedge salad and could not get enough of the dressing they put on top (French with blue cheese crumbles and real bacon bits). The scallop entree was delicious and very generous (seven scallops with lots of pasta, yummy sauce).  On the other hand, my husband ordered the crab bisque and we both found it extremely salty. He did enjoy his salmon. Overall, we judged it to be a decent place but overpriced for the service and quality of food.
4	Yelp helped me discover this place. Before yelp I had never heard of it. My girlfriend and I gave it a try and were very happy with the meal. The decor of this place is very much like a small supper club. A small bar with a few tables. We started off with Beef Carpaccio and Crab Cakes. Both were very good. The crab cakes were big and crispy with a great sauce. For Dinner we both had a filet with crab legs. The Steak was just OK. The crab was cooked to perfection. Overall, I was satisfied with the meal, because everything other than the steak was exceptional.
5	What a great experience. I had a craving for a good steak and found this place on Yelp. Some of the reviews made it sound like it might be hard to get in so we called ahead and they cheerfully said no problem. We were seated right away near the very cozy fireplace. Our waitress was great- I think her name was Briana? She knew the menu and made great suggestions. I had the Cowboy steak, my daughter had the filet. Both were outstanding! Be sure to try the hot bacon dressing on your salad.  I am from Chicago and these steaks were as good as any I have ever had at any of the famous downtown steak restaurants. I will look forward to dining here the next time I'm in Madison.
5	This place made a bad day turn out great. I walked in from a cold, dark, and windy Wisconsin winter and was promptly seated next to their fireplace.  Instantly I felt much better.  After a glass of wine, a very pleasant server was kind enough to offer suggestions for the menu.  Atmosphere is relaxing and the food was delicious.  I will definitely be back.
4	Visited the restaurant on a Thursday evening.  We had a reservation and were seated promptly.  Place wasn't full at 6pm.  Service was truly excellent and caring.  We had a nice bottle of wine with dinner.  Wine was a little expensive but not outrageous.  Food was very good overall; well maybe all but the dinner bread.  Kind of uninspiring.  Steak was cooked as ordered.  Crab cakes appetizer was also good.  I would probably visit again when looking for a steak and my wallet is full.
1	Very overpriced for starters, but that would be fine if the food was worth it. Many of the patrons were drunk and loud, so have a feeling this is a place for rich lawyers to call home and throw their money at. That's fine, just not looking to throw $35 for a mediocre steak and have to deal with profane-laced loud conversations and hooting and hollering that belongs in a sports bar. Totally overrated.
1	The service was good, but the prices were pretty expensive. I ordered the $60 lobster tail and it tasted like nothing. Now, I know that the restaurant cannot control how flavorful the lobster is but if I let them know you would think they would help me out in some way. Compensation or an apology, but no, the manager said they couldn't do anything for me and walked away. Couldn't even take off $5 or something. We dropped almost $150 there and I felt pretty ripped off. We will never eat there again, and that's all I have to say about that.
2	I had dinner at the Wonder Bar with my companion and we wanted to share an entree.  The waitress didn't say anything about sharing when we ordered and I thought she was nice enough to bring us an extra plate.  When the check came, there was a $5 "plate charge".  What an unpleasant surprise... It costs $5 to have an empty plate?   I'm against this type of sneaky underhanded way to generate revenue.   I did not feel like ending my dinner with a complaint to the manager.  But needless to say, I will not return.
3	I am torn between three or four stars....   I found too much fault with our experience to go higher.  I had looked forward to our visit for a few weeks and they didn't live up to my expectations.  First and foremost I was not impressed with the service we received.  We waited too long to be greated and were sat at the worst table even though the main floor was nearly empty.  The silver ware and glassware at our table was spotty and I could see a faint lipstick stain on my wine glass.  I also didn't feel our server was up to par for a high end restaurant, though she was mostly attentive to us I didn't receive regular refills of my beverage and had to ask to be refilled.  When the food arrived we were very impressed, even for the high price of the menu items I feel they were still a good value.  My wife had the fillet and scallops and our friends had lobster and fillet and a steak Oscar.  Their food looked terrific but I had an issue with my steak.  I had ordered it medium and it was somewhere between rare and medium rare, by the end of the meal my steak was cold.  The desserts were beyond terrific, it may have been the best cheesecake I have had in years.  Over all this is a mixed review because they didn't deliver when compared to Ruth's Chirs or Flemming's.  I don't mind paying for fine food but I want the complete package in all aspects of my dining experience.
5	I simply cannot say enough GOOD things about The Wonder Bar! A true Madison original. From the bullet proof brick on the exterior to the classy but not fussy interior, cozy fireside tables, incredible wine list, knowledgeable bartenders, to the tantalizing dinner menu. Everything about this place is well worth the price!The history of this darling place fascinates me (who doesn't love a great steak restaurant started by a 1920's gangster?!?). Make sure you ask about the portrait above the first floor fireplace: you'll be hooked on its history, too.
3	This place used to have pretty good steaks, but I wasn't that impressed with last night's dinner. My steak was covered in a peppercorn sauce that looked like thick mucus. The chocolate torte cake was dry and plain tasting too. If you want a n ok meal at a high price, go to this place.
3	It's a rare to go to a traditional style steak house and have the older men as hosts and young women as the servers. I was excited to see a seasoned man greet us and was hoping that would be a good sign for great service to come. I would feel the same if I saw an older woman btw. Instead we had a young woman who giggled out the specials, slacked on drink delivery and simple clearing of dishes. It may seem like I'm nitpicking but when you are spending 32 - 50 bucks on your entrees alone, I expect concise service. Also the large tray service is just stupid for a two top in a small dining room with a support beam positioned in the middle of the small dining room. It seems a bit pretentious and unnecessarily forcing the servers to work harder than necessary. I could go on and on, basically they need a new trainer or training system.      I enjoyed my crab bisque. The oysters Rockefeller were a sure sign that we are in WI. Way overdressed with way too much cheese which led to never tasting the oyster. (If there was Pernod, we didn't taste it). The wedge was perfect. My spinach salad was disappointing, I expected the warm bacon vinaigrette to actually have bacon in it, or a nice chunk or two on the salad itself. My crab legs were perfect and delicious. My twice baked potato was quadruple baked at least, aka: dead. My dates cowboy was under cooked but the flavor was great.      I expected more from The Wonder Bar considering the rich history of the place, and also considering the prices. I may go again but perhaps sit in the bar and split things with a friend.
5	Lots of good things about this place. First one, its haunted by gangsters. That is hard to beat. Second, it has really good steaks. Third, if its your birthday you get a free dessert. And not just some dry ass stale cupcake - you can pick whatever you want! I recommend the Creme Brulee. Lastly, there is a fire place. Never been upstairs but I hear it is mediocre.
5	My husband and I were looking for a great steak house and the Wonder Bar NAILED it. Our food was exceptional and the service was top notch. We had the scallop appetizer, and both had steaks for our main entree. Everything was DELICIOUS. I also had the peanut butter dessert option = to die for. The price was steep, but worth it. The decor and the bathroom could use some updating, but the historical value made the imperfections easier to overlook. Go There!!
5	My husband and I have been to the Wonder Bar two times. We cannot get over how tender and perfectly prepared the steak is. The atmosphere is quaint and charming. Highly recommend a date night to the Wonder Bar...you won't be disappointed.
5	Food was amazing; wine list is perfect. Can't wait to go back!
5	My favorite place in Madison. The filet is fantastic. Great service. Great atmosphere. Great food. The triple threat...
5	Best steak I've had in Madison! Ambiance was great. If you're looking for a fancy date night this is the place to go! My bf and I are avid restaurant goers and we absolutely loved it!
4	A great steakhouse with old school Italian charm. Known for steak and seafood, your meal will not disappoint. Had the crab bisque to start followed by the salmon special. Was an amazing meal and my husband enjoyed his sirloin and crab legs too. Overall a great choice for a night out in Madison.
1	Thoroughly disappointed in the quality of food and service at Wonder Bar. I had the salmon special and the seafood was not fresh, I think I would have preferred the seafood at Red Lobster over Wonder Bar. When I told the server that I was disappointed in the quality of food, he nonchalantly shrugged. If you're looking for seafood, go down the street to Sardine....the food is exceptional.
4	I can't say enough good things about this place. I love that they not only take reservations, but allow you to reserve either of the two turrets for a more private dining experience. Our family has reserved a turret on 4 different occasions and have always been obliged. The service has always been fantastic. The servers are friendly and outgoing and do their best to make sure your experience is perfect.The menu itself is pretty much exclusively steak and seafood. They took the Chilean Sea bass off the menu which is kind of a huge bummer to me. I loved that dish and I'm a pesketarian, so a good fish dish is always a good find. Despite my disappointment for the lack of sea bass, I was pleasantly surprised by the other fish options. I ended up choosing the pan seared scallops which are served with penne pasta in a cream sauce. It was delicious and definitely ended my sadness over the lost sea bass. My husband always gets the signature wonder bar steak and he absolutely loves it! The steak is cut SO thick and is definitely worth the price tag.They let you choose between several different salads and sides to accompany your meal. The salads aren't just your run of the mill salads either. They have delicious wedge salad and also one that has a signature bacon dressing.. And I believe one other one as well. The sides are also plentiful, more than just potatoes served different ways (although they do have lots of potatoes.. Lots of different ways.. And all are delicious..)I have also had all three desserts that are offered and the cheesecake in particular is the best I've ever had! Yum.Save Wonder bar for a special night, reserve a turret and prepare to be very happy and very full.
4	The ultimate supper club steakhouse experience!  This small cozy quaint spot didn't disappoint.  We went on a Wednesday evening and the pack was packed!  The bar is great for waiting for a table, the gigantic fireplace in the dining room is fantastic!  Our table was a few spots away from the door...which unfortunately given the small restaurant meant we froze every time someone came in the door.  A bummer with our seasons and when we go back we will surely request a table by the fireplace!Aside from that our food and service were outstanding.  We had the sea bass special that was cooked to perfection and my husband had the cowboy steak that literally was the size of an entire dinner plate...which was also delish.  I had the steamed broccoli and I could take it or leave it, but my husband had their hash browns and they were out of this world!!!! Cheddar, onions, potatoes...divine.  We also both had the wedge salad that was a classic steakhouse wedge done to perfection!  Definitely going back, when the weather isn't quite as frigid or when we can get a table by the fireplace!
5	Our server Katie was very helpful in recommending our meals she had good opinions that matched our tastes.. we ordered the stuffed chicken breast which was amazing and cooked perfectly. We also ordered a steak with crab legs which was their special and both were excellent. Their homemade dressings for the salads were equally as impressive.The atmosphere was really nice. We were lucky to get a seat in front of the fireplace. This was our first time there but we will for sure go back the next time we are visiting Madison.
4	Never disappointed!  Service is outstanding. Took my mom while she was in town with a family emergency, they treated her like a queen. Just what she needed. Thank you!
