3	A good place to take coworkers or other people you'd like to make uncomfortable. Also, you should know to go there on Friday and Saturday nights because that's when the good-looking dancers are there. Anyone who's been in a strip club off-hours knows what that's like.  And for god's sake bring cash, unless you want to be fingerprinted, you derelict.
1	I am all about strip clubs, but this place was not worth the $20 entrance, the $10 watered down drink, and getting finger printed to use my credit card. Not one pickle worth it here.
4	This place is hilarious.$20 cover and 1 drink/pp minimum. No biggie, it was for a bachelorette party.We first started our night upstairs with the male strippers. I was really scared at first because men in thongs scare me, and they just don't mix. And men in tightee whitees isn't exactly that sexy either. I think they should all wear boxer briefs like my bf. =DAnyway, some of the guys were good-looking, and some of them not. I saw quite a few very short guys; I was a head taller than some of them, but they had nice faces and great bodies. It really doesn't matter since you are sitting down. hah! Virtually all of them were pretty buff but not disgustingly buff. Also, they shave every inch of their body, hairless men. hahahahha!The shows they put on were really entertaining. They had on all these tacky outfits, like fireman with plastic hats, policemen, etc. It was so tacky, but that is what made it so funny and entertaining. These guys really know how to dance. Some of them have serious moves and can hold crazy positions. They must be Yoga/Pilates instructors during the day. LOL. Like one girl mentioned, many of them are professional dancers and you can tell.The bride-to-be got some crazy lap dances and lots of fun fun attention from the strippers. Man, those guys make so much money. $20 bills flying around everywhere like rain. Lucky bastards. HAH! One incident is pretty funny. This gay stripper was trying to sell some lap dances to me... but when he asked me, it was so very very very clear that he was flaming gay! HAHAHA, I politely said "no."Overall, my girls and I had a good fun time. The male strippers are very upbeat and happy go-lucky. Must be all the endorphins from all those serious dance moves. One of the hottest strippers there was arond 6'4" and wearing a baseball cap and camouflage pants. He was one of the more "boring strippers." The bride-to-be's first lapdance was from a Polish guy. He was more entertaining. He has long brown hair and is very Euro-looking. Probably the token-Euro stripper. My friend made me get a lapdance from him. He saw how scared I was so he said "don't worry, I will go easy on you." hahah! That was nice because it made it less awkward.Overall, it was fun and they played great music. Better than the music they played at Pure. hahah! Very danceable.After a couple hours with the male strippers, we went downstairs to the female ones. To be honest, this was so boring! The music was so crappy. How do they dance to some of that? I wasn't too impressed with the female strippers. They all looked bored and monotonous... probably because most of the clientele were kinda skeezy looking. Also, some of the female strippers were butter faces and/or looked too old to be doing what they were doing. I didn't see any really cute/pretty girls there.The female stripper area had big round tables and was more dimly lit. The strippers didn't even approach us either. Last time I was in Vegas, I went to another strip club called Sapphire where the girls came by and chatted it up with all of us. They even gave us free lap dances. Anyway, if I come back to this place, I'd skip the female strippers altogether. The male strippers seemed more of a show than anything else. My first experience with male strippers wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
5	I won't go far to say that I am a Strip Club Veteran, but I have been to enough over the years to know which one's suck versus which one's are fun and a good value.  OG (as us experts call this place) is a great nudie bar!  Probably, one of the top 3 in Vegas.  And that says alot considering there are probably 200 of them in Sin City.Here are my reasons for this place kickin some ass:1. Location - right on the strip2. Lot's of "mileage" when getting a dance (and you know what I mean!)3. Bring the wife!  She will have a blast upstairs while you are getting your rocks off downstairs.4. Good value for money.5. Lot's of hotties to choose from.I could go on some more, but I need to leave some room for imagination!
4	Ok, so strip clubs are not something I frequent, but when in Vegas......The night started off not so great.  We were supposed to be on the list to get in free, but somehow they did not have us on the list, but they offered to let us in for half price, so getting in for $10 wasn't so bad.  Plus, the manager guy who worked at the front said of all the sexy women he has ever seen, I had to be the sexiest he's ever seen by far.  This being said in front of all my other fabulously hot girlfriends and he works at a strip club!  HELLO, ego boost.  Inside, the bottom floor is women strippers.  We headed upstairs to see the men.  There is a 2 drink minimum, but they honestly did not regulate this whatsoever.  Nevertheless, I still had 2 drinks.  Small drinks for the price.  Vodka drinks $7 in a tiny ass glass.  The male strippers immediate came over to us because it was pretty early and there weren't a whole lot of people there yet.  They were actually HOT!  No butter faces at all.  And, of course, fabulous bodies taboot.  I think just about everyone in my party got lap dances.  Having recently gone to Centerfolds in San Francisco where the ladies charge $40 a lap dance, $20 seemed like nothing.  I bought my friend a lap dance, but she obviously wasn't drunk enough and wasn't having it, so I ended up with the lap dance.  This guy had the softest skin and hardest body I have ever felt.  He must work out all day, then go get an exfoliating body scrub.  Watching my other friends with their lap dances was one of the funniest things of my life.  I've never seen positions like that!  I headed downstairs where the ladies were because let's face it, women can be fun too.  I was in complete awe of the pole dancing.  I mean these chicks hang upside down with one leg wrapped around a pole, then throw their legs down into the splits, all while wearing 12 inch heels.  Yowzahs!  That's impressive.  Then we were off, like the stripper's pants, to another place.  By the time we left, the place was getting quite packed.  Overall, this place made for a fabulous and entertaining experience that wasn't just going to another club.  Oh, and you can take pictures which is awesome since a lot of strip places you can't!
4	I've never, ever been to a strip club. And I've never been here. So I'm reviewing it. Actually, I have been here. I was lying about that to protect my good name... Judging by the reviews, people have varied experiences. But if you go just to have fun, I'm sure you'll accomplish your mission. OG is fun. It's not the best and it's always crowded. But it does have a floor for men and women. So, if you're in a big group and there are some ladies who want to see some men, well they can get all they want. Never been upstairs and don't plan on it though. My last trip here was the most fun even though I didn't get a single dance or tip a dollar. How is that you ask? See my review of La Femme Bar. My night at OG was spent with an extremely attractive female (for clarification, she didn't work there) on my lap. All night. Making out. And, ya.... that was a fun night...
4	Strip clubs and Vegas go hand in hand, and Olympic Garden is exactly what you'd expect to find here: a semi-seedy place seedy enough to fill your Vegasy expectations and clean enough to keep you there for a while. So sit back and enjoy the ride.Olympic Garden is a trip. Downstairs you've got the women dancing on small, circular tables, surrounded by Vegas voyeurs. The voyeurs run the gamut from locals to tourists to women. I even saw a drag queen taking in one of the girl's shows. Watching the people sitting at the tables is just as entertaining as watching the girls, I dare say. The women dancing here were all pretty hot, I thought, and not shy to ask you for a lapdance.Upstairs you've got the men dancing on certain nights. Guys can go if they've got a gal-pal and are "a couple." The guys will come up to you, the guy, and hilariously ask if "your lady" would like a lapdance. Try and keep a straight face, nod in approval, and watch as "your lady" gets a lap dance right before your eyes. Some of the guys were hot -- some were not, like straight off a Harlequin romance novel cover.In terms of sociological observation opportunities, you can't beat this place. Compare and contrast the culture downstairs ("keep your hands under your legs -- don't touch the girls") with the mayhem upstairs ("slap that ass, baby") and you've got yourself enough stories to last a lifetime.
4	First off let me say I agree with 'Megan W' when she says don't go to the strip club if you're not in the right state of mind.  You'll just spend a lot of money and be irritated about it, probably making your friends time less fun while you're at it (or afterwards with your negative comments). They wanna have a good time, don't whine/complain and ruin it for everyone else... 'eewww, there were guys up in my face/rubbing all over me...' DUH! You're in a strip club, they chat you up and dance like that because that's typically what girls want when they go there.  I hate it when girls bitch at strip clubs (girl or guy).  If you're gonna bitch and complain, just don't go.  If you can't be cool chill chick, go to a show while the guys go to the club.I used to live in Vegas and loved to go to Olympic Garden occassionally to see my sexy Vietnamese dancer (Tiki) who worked upstairs. :)  I love ASIAN MEN!!  He has such a sexy body and some fly dance moves... but isn't too dirty, just sexy and sensual.  Or maybe he wasn't dirty just with me cause he could tell it wasn't necessary - might be with other girls. *shrug*  I miss him now... gonna have to make a trip to Vegas pretty soon. I'll post some pics of the club, just cause I'm that bored. LoLOther than that, the downstairs girls are alright.  I'm pretty picky about girls but could usually find one or two to dance for me and my boyfriend.
5	It was a bachelorette party.  We were in Vegas.  We HAD to do a strip club.  Its tradition.  So I was told.  And who the hell am I to argue with tradition?$20 cover, 2 drink minimum, but I don't think they inforced that with the other girls in my party.  Standard drink prices, $25 minimum if you use your credit card.  Whatever, I came to see hot men and drink anyway!Ladies, I think I fell in love about 5 times in 2 hours.  I think that's how long we were here.  For $35 we got our girl up on stage and she got a lap dance.  A good one too.  Most of the guys we saw were very entertaining and very hot.  They were probably gay but hey, hot is hot.  My uh, friend got a lap dance and it was fantastic!  I mean, that's what she told me.  ;)Come on, it's a strip club!  It's fun!  It's entertaining!  It's hot!
3	This was my first visit to a strip club, so I have nothing else to compare it to. . . but based on my visit:WOW. you should come her drunk.  women strippin' on the first floor, guys strippin' on the second floor.  When I went to the bathroom, there were some middle aged strippers--like in their 40's--tryin to strike up a convo with me.  very interesting.  We came to OG's really late at night, and my friends were hungry, so they were able to buy pizza there.  I thought that was soo odd.  Strippers and Pizza, all under one roof. . is this common in strip joints? hahah
4	Love this place.  It's full of tasty guys upstairs and friendly girls downstairs... yes, very friendly.  I take my male friends here when have birthdays or they come into town cause they can get a lot of bang for their buck if ya know what i mean. lol  My favorite guy upstairs is the same as the other girl mentioned, the asian guy.  There's also a guy who is latin that i like. And i know that most the guys aren't gay cause i used to have a girl fiend who waitressed downstairs and she said the straight guys all avoid the 2-3 gay ones.  When we get downstairs, i just let my male friends pick girls for me.  They usually have more fun with that and they know that i like girls with big butts and brown hair so it works out.They recently remodeled it so it's much nicer now than it used to be.  Don't go in with under a hundred and keep your atm handy. It's 20.00$ to get in and then you have to buy a few drinks. After that's said an done, you only have like 60.00$ left for the dancers.  That won't get you very far!
4	It would appear that the impending trip to Vegas has everyone reflecting on trips of old.  This is a review I need to write now, because I don't know when I'll be in the company of so many hot nekked men again.  I also figure that this place doesn't change.  Just the men do.Never fear, you can come here if you are a man...even if you are a straight one.  There are ladies downstairs.  BUT....for all you ladies going to Vegas, for all you ladies who want to get a look at the "goods" if you will, the upstairs is filled with men in banana hammocks, and combat boots.  Bachelorette parties galore, cuz i don't know why you would come here otherwise, this place caters to those ready to settle down and their desperate, silly drunk girlfriends.  This place is cleaner than most other strip clubs I've been to.  I mean I'm no expert on strip clubs, but I've been to a few.  Its worth the cover you pay, cuz i cant remember the last time I laughed that hard.  If you are lucky you wont remember most of the experience anyway, cuz you mind will be in an alcohol filled haze.  Trust me, you might want to be there...otherwise it could be traumatic.  Banana hammocks can cause permanent retinal damage if looked at and remembered.Last time I was there, there was this not so attractive, long haired gentleman shaking his money-maker and wearing his man thong, and I thought he looked familiar.  My first thought was, "did we used to date cuz i swear I've seen him naked" and then when I KNEW that idea was just ridiculous, I realized that i HAD seen him naked, but it had been years prior in San Diego at my sorority house.  (start laughing now...yes, I was in a sorority)  I did not pay for another lap dance from him...he wasn't cute in SD, and he sure wasn't hot in Vegas.....but we managed to find another attractive dude amongst the gaggle of hot half nekked guys to mount my to-be-married friend.I'm pretty sure most the strippers are not into women, because with all of the bumping and grinding they are required to do to make the ladies giggle in the booth, they never seem to get aroused.  I find that a bit odd, but its honestly probably for the best.  Lord knows i don't want to feel ANYTHING against my leg while someone is dry humping me for cash.
4	Hmmmmm let's see here ....What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
4	ok ladies hold on to your panties  because this place is a wild ride! of course had to be a part of a bachlorette party in vegas...wouldn't miss being naughty while away from the other half. so this place accommodates those seeking female and male entertainment. upstairs for the ladies and downstairs for the men. Once you arrive to the second level and the elevator doors open you hear nothing but excited women screaming at the top of their heated lungs. we were immediately seated and approached by multiple male dancers for lap dances. didn't like that part, i wanted to at least sit for a couple of minutes to get acclimated. it's not everyday that i see stranger's ding o' lings dangling around in neon thongs.  but if we must we must and we did... lap dance after lap dance. the guys knew we were a bit green to all of this so they were nicer to us than other gals who wanted it all. so we didn't get humped in our face, or touched ,etc. But we were definitely entertained. Great place for a night out with the girls. You can go to the website and book a package deal which includes entry, drink voucher ($30 i think) and one way limo ride from hotel to the club. Will need to catch a cab back. Enjoy the agile, tight and firm flesh!!!!
4	==============RJR - ISSUE #16 ==============Located on the infamous strip of Sin City Las Vegas, the Olympic Garden is known as one of the world's largest adult cabarets. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~With a Fist Full of 20's and a Bachelor Party crew on Day Two......once we got to this placed and picked out these fine looking... uhmmm...."seats"... on the bottom floor...each one of us then...((((((( C E N S O R E D ))))))))....next we started...((((((((((((( C E N S O R E D ))))))))) ...and swear it just flew off...(((((((( C E N S O R E D )))))))))) ...every ice cold drops on... ((((((( C E N S O R E D )))))....with amazing flexibility...((((((( C E N S O R E D ))))))))...I mean RAWRRrrrr da skills!!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~...Yeah...that was a great....beer... =)"What happens in Vegas....Stays in Vegas..."   Hee! Hee!  =p*SPECIAL BONUS FEATURES*- Party Notification - If you are having a bachelor, bachelorette, birthday, or other party at the Olympic Garden, use this form and let them know that you are coming!http://www.ogvegas.com/party.php- This 24 hour topless dancing club does serves alcohol, the legal age to enter the club is 21 or older.- If you're staying at a Vegas Hotel and see an open limo at the lobby entrance...flash some greens and they'll be a happy to drive you to the OG!  If you're gonna drink as group - and don't want to drive...minus well spoil your self with a stretch limo...Right?!?Enjoy the "Sins & Grins" Vegas Style!
5	*** Only in Vegas, baby! *** Ladies be prepare for a fun and entertaining night. (Upstairs)Gentlemen bring lots of $$ bills.(Downstairs)
4	Just having returned from a bachelorette party in Vegas... we made a pit stop at the infamous OG. Not expecting much, we had a great time!!!Entrance is $30 (minus one star) Lapdances are $20, if you want to go up on stage it's $35. If you get there kinda late like we did, expect to have the women who actually like going home with the strippers lurking around getting some super duper VIP treatment going on. We did have bottle service and the waiter was very attentive and the bus boys were very good at making sure we had clean glasses, ice and straws at all time. So if you have a few $ to spare, definitely get the bottle service. It eliminates the two drink minimum and the cost per head if there's enough of you is less than the cost of the two drinks!
4	well worth a visit if you've never been.  if you have half as good a time as i did, you'll walk away pleased.
2	If this is what being a straight girl is supposed to be like, then get me off the mailing list ASAP.
4	Went for my sis in-law's bachy, our experience was funny.All the dudes are gay and short. They do this thing where they smack you in the face with their stick. The men strippers were pathetic; we didn't pay for a dance. The woman dancers were not very breathtaking, except for one.. The Cuban or Columbian chic we paid to dance on my sis in law. Titti's & ass is all the same yo.
5	You know the type of place you walk into and you look around and go, oh my god I will never be like those people, but by the end of the night you are those people.  This is that kinda place.  My girls and I walked in for my bachlorette party and everyone's jaw dropped.  I thought my girlfriends were going to run home screaming when we walked in, but by the time we had 3 drinks we were screaming and laughing and just having an awesome time.  If you go to the OG you have to have an open mind to just enjoy what is going to happen.
4	Let me start off by saying that we'd tried to go to Rhino but were refused since we didn't have a male escort -- we might be professionals, you see.  We pretended to be indignant but I think we were a little flattered.  So anyway, we went to OG not knowing there were dudes there and super psyched to be welcomed.  100 bucks later I walked out with runs in my stockings from a saucy lap-dance from a very gay blonde man with the smoothest ass ever and a face smelling like cocoa butter from all dem stripper titties that were rubbed in it.  And my god, it was worth every penny -- 10x more fun than the classier clubs I've been to.  You can't be a prude (why are you at a strip club?) and don't let the pushy male dancers screw you around.
4	This is a great place to go for a Bachelorette party for some shits and giggles! Hot guys, with banging-ass bodies, friendly, and fun! I got put on stage by my fellow yelpers and I showed that stripper a thing or two!! HahahahaHe was like, "Dang, yer kinda freaky??!"And I said, "I know huh?!" Shoot, if I'm gonna be on stage, I might as well put on a show too, instead of sitting there like a stiff little girl right?? Here's a tip...if its yer first time, like Jade M. said these men will swoop up on you like vultures, but don't be afraid to say NO!! It can be overwhelming at first, but hey, its your money and you are in control, so you should be pretty choosey about who is rubbing all up against you! And don't forget to get some dollars bills downstairs at the cashier!Drinks are on the pricer side, but thanks to my friend, we only got in for $10 each, its usually $30, but, it was worth it!!
3	The first strip club I've ever been to. I remember how awkward and nervous I felt going in. I remember wanting to kill my friend for wanting to go to a strip club. lolThe interior of the strip club is like every other strip club I guess. Dark, dirty, and mysterious? I didn't stay too long on the 1st floor where the women strippers are but I do remember seeing horrible tit jobs. I mean the boobs looked like missiles. I really don't get how men get off on ugly boobs but oh well.The second floor are where the male strippers are. Amazingly I saw some cute strippers. My friend and I ended up having one stripper who kept on following us around which wasn't bad because he looked like Dean Cain (during his superman days). Around 2AM my friend and I wanted to leave and we were making our way out the door. All the sudden Mr Dean Cain look alike grabs my hand and asks if I wanted a good time. I was like WHAT? He's all I work after my shift as well *wink wink* I was flabbergasted. My friend however thought it was great.I guess if you're looking for a male prostitute, go to the OG?
4	My friends brought me here for my bachelorette party, and we had a BLAST!  HA!  It was a bit odd walking through the downstairs, which is for men, but once you get upstairs, the whole atmosphere changes.   Our entire party had so much fun.  Girls just get silly when you put them in a room with a bunch of half naked men.  Lots of laughter, cheers, drinks, dollar bills, and whatever else you can imagine happens in a strip club.  Can't believe I'm writing a review of this.Anyway, all I can say is, if you go, don't miss the shower show.  That's all I'm going to say.  You'll have to see it for yourself.
1	I absolutley hate this place.  Filthy, overpriced, and smells like a mix of ass and sweat.  The cover is about $30, then there's a two drink minimum.  Each watered down drink is like $15.  This review is for upstairs, the penis floor.Bring lots of money if you want the guys to be nice to you.  You have been warned!  If a guy starts dancing on you and you tell him to get off and refuse to pay him (hey, no one asked his scrawny ass to come over to us), they cop a MAJOR attitude.  Then that one stripper you that you told to get the hell off of you goes and tells everyone else that your a cheap bitch and to not go anywhere near you and your crew.  At this point, party's over.This an absolutley true story, it happened a few years ago at my girl's bachelorette party.  I'm going to a bachelorette party in Vegas this weekend, and guess where the bride-to-be wants to go... OG.  I'm so pissed...
1	after dinner at bradley ogden (inside caesars palace), we head out for bachelorette night #2.  first stop......olympic garden.  the bride's sister very wisely knows to not ask for a cab since apparently they make a commission on taking people there, so she asks the guy at the caesars valet area for a limo.  the limo driver tries to charge us, but she tells him she knows there's no fee.  interesting.  i knew none of this.i have never been to a strip club.  and i don't think i will ever go back.  it's just not my type of fun.  the minute we got there, i wanted to leave...and that was even after paying the $30 cash only cover.  not wanting to be a party pooper, i sat at the table behind the stage with two other gals who didn't want to be there, while the other 5 gals had front row seats at the stage.    along with your cover, there was a 2 drink minimum.  the minute you sit down, half nekkid men come up to you, put their hand on your back....all the way down to your booty, and try to get you to buy a lap dance for your friend.  this happened every 5-10 minutes.  we kept pointing to the bride's sister saying "go ask her...she's in charge".the male dancers are upstairs, while the female dancers are on the first floor.  i will admit, there were some good looking men with rock hard abs there.  a couple of them even knew how to dance.  all of our gals got a lap dance ($20) except 2 of us (which we were perfectly okay with).  the bride got about 4 or 5, including one on stage with two hand-picked guys ($45).  i'm glad the gals had a good time, but i was even happier when we left.  the whole place just made me uncomfortable.  (go ahead, call me a prude....i'm okay with that.)   oh, and the first thing you notice when you enter isn't the nekkidness...it's the smell.  the smell of a really old building, really old cigarette residue, and cheap perfume, all mixed together.  yes, it's vegas, so it's gonna smell like that everywhere, but no, olympic garden was WAY worse.
3	vulchers vulchers vulchers! (the male strippers that is)this is both a male and female strip clubour group of girls brought 2 bachelorettes here, the free limo ride plus no cover.....TWO thumbs up! we go directly upstairs to be greeted by a group of 5-6 HOT HOT men! it was about 1:30am-2am so the upstairs was kinda dead but hey....that means we had all the guys to ourselves! lolol but of course whether its a good thing or bad thing depends on how much money you have to spend.  dont pay more than $20 for a stage dance! some of them say $35 some say $20.the lapdances.....for $20......its well worth it! depending on how conservative you are, it could be a fun experience or not. but overall, all of us had a great time even though the guys were total vulchers here! lololoh ya, the girls  downstairs....well, some of them really do not deserve to be up on the stage but hey, if youre that comfortable, then more power to you. we did find ONE hot girl to dance for our bachelorette but that was it.
5	I HEART strip clubs.  Yes, I do.  I've been here twice, both for bachelorette  parties, and they've turned out to be the most hilarious nights in vegas.But no prudishness when you get here, folks.  Right when you walk in, it's the female strippers.  As soon as you get upstairs, the male strippers are ready to pounce, hungry for that dollar you got somewhere stashed on your body or purse.  But don't be scared, come on, it's their job, and why would you go there in the first place if you're going to act all proper.  There was one interesting "new" thing, and that's the shower in the corner of the room.  It's sort of voyeuristic as you watch the stripper bathe and shower.  But disappointing as he doesn't show ALL the goods.I can honestly say that this place is not as filthy and not that bad as others would think.  I've seen worse.And of course, expect to spend a good chunk a change.  You're in Vegas for crying out loud...when are you NOT spending money?edit:  I should also mention that the ladies toilet is also shared with the female strippers.  so be forewarned!
3	The OG's location is close and easy to the Strip, just north of the Stratosphere on N Las Vegas Blvd.  The numbers are premium: $30 cover, $10 beers (really?), $20 lap dances and $100 (3 songs), $250 (30mins) $600 (1 hour) VIP room nonsense.The interior is your usual large room with blacklights and neon affair, while hip hop and metal blast away, one to two girls dancing on stage and plenty of girls circulating.  The exterior is sort of tacky and tawdry but it matches the complexion of the local ghetto nicely.  Mostly 8's.What really strikes me about this club is how perverted and greedy the girls are.  Put your wallets in your front pocket and keep an eye on them fellas. I actually had a stripper tell me that "I hope you fall in love with me and get the VIP for an hour for $600", which I thought was a bit of a stretch.The next girl said some dirty things to me which I don't think I can repeat here on Yelp.  It was as sexy as it was nasty and I think I blushed.  It made it worse/better that she was beautiful.  She said she'd offer me a deal on VIP, 30 mins for only $260 (you're required to buy 3 drinks at $20 each).  Her sales pitch was so evil/nuanced/good that it took all my sense of moderation to decline.  And I never fall for that sort of thing.So if you're ready for total perversion and debauchery, come to the OG's.  It's the naughtiest club I've been to in Vegas, just be careful, these girls are pros.  Come here if you're ready for perversion and to spend for it.
4	Bachelorette Party...this was my second time here but the last was in 2001...too long ago to qualify...Make sure you call and make reservations if you have a party; they have packages...we got picked up, cover fee waived, and I don't recall a drink minimum...where is my credit card receipt, anyway??Um, yeah. I recommend that you pre-party before heading here...we had a couple of 'first timers,' and a few who were nervous about the whole thing...but we all had a great time. The guys don't let you get a drink before they "attack" you. We had one sort of gross guy who danced then demanded to be paid, but we never agreed to it...so it was the requisite argument then the boys dissolved. But by then we were pretty much saturated and sufficiently covered in stripper-smell so his timing was just fine... We did sit downstairs for a bit, in the 'girl section.' It was fine, they didn't attack us (girls) like the guys did upstairs. All in all a fun evening...compared to the Thunder from Down Under, I would gauge your girls. This is a true strip club. TDU is a show, the guys come out and 'visit' but no-way-no-how like the boys do at OG....
3	This ... was quite an experience. I'm sitting at a cafe in Atlanta, telling a friend about the bachelorette party I planned for my best friend and I can't help thinking that I need to rate this place on Yelp.I didn't get to research this place since the other maid of honor was designated to search for strip clubs in Vegas while I conducted the hotel, restaurants, and transportation. I only saw the website for this club the day that we went, and it seemed very interesting, raunchy, and the perfect place to take our bachelorette there. They picked us up in front of the Venetian after dinner, and I really liked the complimentary limo service. We got a huge Escalade limo and was able to surprise the bride to be with it at the last minute. That got us in the mood to party so that was lots of fun.Once we got to the club, we walked through the bottom floor, which is for me [viewing women strippers], and headed upstairs to the male strippers. The atmosphere was totally different upstairs. Everyone was screaming when the guys came on to do their individual routines, and random lap dances for other bachelorettes were also embraced with shocked screams. Downstairs, the atmosphere was much quieter, and the guys were all lounging instead of screaming and partying. Our drink service started out fine. We got our first round, but it took FOREVER and a DAY to get the second round. We wanted to get a little more liquored up before they took the bachelorette on stage, but that didn't happen. I've been to a strip club before, but it was more of a show, and you ASKED for the lap dance. Here, the attack you like vultures, going after your friends and using tactics to get lap dances that you didn't even want. I was NOT a fan of this, and I felt for my friends that were too nice to say no to their selling antics. We are here to party but give us some time to work up our energy and drinks and let US ask for the lap dance! The constant questions and selling antics got really tiring and we ended up leaving after about 2 hours or so, just because we were so annoyed at the talking naked men!!Overall, the performances were cool. The routines were cheesy but fun, and I was appalled at some of the acrobatic skills the dancers possessed. Some were going split jumps in the air and hand stands like Olympic gymnasts! Why not do Cirque du Soleil instead of stripping? Who knows, everyone has their reasons.
4	MY FIRST STRIP CLUB EVER!!!!Yes, last night, I was out and about venturing in Vegas celebrating my sisters bachlorette party.  "OG" was the stop apparently because there was nothing inside there but a bunch of horny ass losers!There were females ENJOYING lap dances from these male dancers!  They were so serious and into having a male stripper turn them around and jack hammer their ass!  And that's not all that was going on...men took their ladies to watch them get lap dances from men-seriously!  This was something suspiciously trashy happening in the darker corners!  Gross me out!  and it get wors!! Downstairs are the female dancers and let me just tell you!!!  These men mean serious business.  They take this stripper hooker deal seriously.  They don't even have any shame and just sat there completely enamored by these female strippers!  It's a joke!  These guys are pathetic! Horny ass perverts!   Man, if I knew that when I was 20-25 that I would be paid that much to show my ass and titts to some douchbag horny man, then I would have done it!  What a scary thought that men are so creepy!  Yes, I saw it with my own eyes.  Poor guys...what a bunch of whack-a-doos!  The girls were hot.  Not Haut-but a hot bleachy hair type of way.  The male strippers were cute too!  Short but cute.  They danced fanatically all night!  It was awsome.But I give it four stars because since it was my sister's bachlorette party, we did, after all, have the best male stripper!  He must have come down to Vegas to preform in Mama Mia and somehow fell through the cracks.  He was soooo much fun and knew that we were there to completely laugh and enjoy ourselves -NOT TO GET OURSELVES OFF, like them other ho's, but it was fun and he was great and I have made a definite life time memory!!!  Thank you Olympic Gardens!!!  Your the best!!!!ps It's 30 bucks a head to get in, a two drink minimum and the drinks are watered down, and I'm not sure about the lap dances-I didn't get one...just make sure you bring dollar bills and not to take this place too seriously!!!!  Make sure you laugh hard and COWER AT EVERY CLOSE GLANCE OF SOME GROSS GET DOWN GOING ON BESIDE YOU!!!!
5	So this was years ago but the story needs to be told anyway. I am sure things havent changed here it was hard to get a totally overpriced drink here and even harder to get a lap dance but well worth it in the end. I blacked out after leaving here beer in hand on the cab ride back to the suite. Made it safely to bed and made a baby that night. Its not true what they say...."Whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!" Liars...Not all of it does!
5	i love this place...the boys are so much fun seriously...and even though they're all cut..they're not like overly beefy..just the right amount of muscle..so sexy!..anytime you're on the strip and get tired of the clubbing...come to olympic garden..the best place for a birthday celebration, bachelorette party, or a friday night...and the cool thing is that the upstairs is not raunchy at all..its just so much fun, people are laughing and drinking and just enjoying themselves...john is the most adorable stripper there..i just wanted to put him in my pocket and take him home to LA with me..definitely check this place out instead of the typical night out on the strip
3	After living in Vegas for over a year and a half, I finally made it out to Olympic Gardens courtesy of Marge M.'s bachelorette weekend.After arriving by a private limo, they charged me $30 just to get in!  (I actually called ahead to inquire about their cover charges and was told that it's free before 10 pm and $10 afterwards for local ladies.  What a crock of shit!)  And despite having a party of ten girls, we still couldn't get any discount!  Blah!  (They said it had to do with arriving in our own limo versus a taxi or some crap like that.)  As we headed upstairs to watch the male strippers, it's hard to miss the signs saying there was a two drink minimum upstairs.  Lap dances are $20 each.  The cocktail waiter did his best trying to get us to do the bottle service, but it would have cost more for our group in the long run.After our drinks arrived, that's when the bulls start crowding.  It's as if they signal each other to attack all at once.  They pinpoint the bride and get lap dances on her right away.  All the other guys start finding out who the maid of honor is so she can get a side by side dance with the bride.  At this point, you're getting your first up close look at the dancers and you want to be picky before you have them gyrating against your body, right?  When the crowding finally stops, you can watch what's going on onstage.  Some dancers really do a good show while others could use some help.In retrospect, it might be better to sit up by the stage with dollar bills in hand and tip the dancers as they do their thing in front of you.  You'll last a lot longer and get a little something extra. For the $20 lap dance, sometimes you get something that is over the top and leaving you breathless while others leave you rather disappointed.  If anything, it might give your girlfriends something to laugh at.  Promises of "I'm gonna fuck her up!" were a common thread we heard throughout the night.  (Uh, the girl is getting married and I don't really want her all fucked up!  I just want her entertained!)Keep your eyes out for Chili who hangs on his own.  He doesn't show up with the bull crowd, but swings by later to actually talk to the ladies.  He's a smart businessman and is a bit more acrobatic than most.  You'll recognize him by the handstands he's doing on the little tables.We arrived on a Friday night before 10 pm.  Things were slow then and picked up by midnight.  How much personal attention you want will depend on what time you arrive.Overall, OG was a disappointing experience.  Sure, some guys gave a good show while others were average.  We didn't hang out downstairs to check out the ladies, but I wish we did.
4	This may very well be the dirtiest strip club in town.  And I mean that in the best possible way.  'Nuff said.
3	My advice:  do NOT go sober.  Yes, it's dirty and the guys can be vulture-esque at times.  But it's a strip club, not a Sunday brunch.  What did you expect?If you want to avoid the lap dances, just sit at the stage and enjoy the show.  Bring lots of ones to shove into the G-strings.  If you want a lap dance with a particular stripper, just tell everyone else no (and be firm about it).  Above all else, do not look at the "dark" booths.  There are some booths where lights are turned off (on purpose).  We made the mistake of looking once...the images of nasty, disgusting va-jay-jay are still burned into my brain.  I don't understand why women don't wear underwear. Oh yeah, water is $6 or so.  So just keeping drinking the booze.  It's a better value!
4	dirty, trashy + funwhy the white socks? why?
5	i've seen male strippers, but have never been to an actual male strip club.  really, it doesn't do anything for me -- i would rather see female strippers.i think i needed to be a bit more drunk to tolerate this place.  the guys are aggressive, and be prepared to get molested -- they'll do anything to get you to pay for a lap dance.  i found it more entertaining people watching  all the randy women.  albeit, the bachelorette had a blast, and this is the kind of place you would take the bride-to-be.
4	In Las Vegas for friend's Manhood Farewell Weekend sometime in 2008.  Service - Pretty HOTCleanliness - probably notPrice - competitive pricing (cash preferred)Seafood - maybe fish?Meats - a lot rump and breastsDessert - quite delicious on the eyesFruits - perhaps Forbidden FruitOther - we didn't finish our Grey Goose, but they were nice enough to let us take the bottle with us.  We also met Daisy Tanks featured in "The Texas Vibrator Massacre" there--who is a practicing psychic as well.Alcohol, a bunch of guy friends, Vegas, strippers ... it has to be a good time.
5	This is the new happiest place on Earth, not only can you get a deal you can bargin with the girls. I've been to a few places but the quality here is right up there.......Don't miss out. Hurry.
4	Went here for my friend's bachelor party and it was a blast.  The staff was cool and the women were diverse and hot.  They were all really sweet too even though we refused lap dances.  This was my first time at a place like this and it was a good experience.
1	This place fucking sucks! It wasted a good 30 minutes of my life and $30 for cover from my pocketbook... First of all, there were only three guy strippers upstairs. One was ugly, One had nasty skin, and one is okay.The ugly one kept asking my friend to buy a dance. We're like "hell no" It was dark at the club, so when the guy with the ugly skin came by, I didnt see his skin yet, so i bought my friend a dance. His face is cool but his skin on his body looked HELLLA NASTY! Fucking bastard had BACK-NEE or some shit. If you fucking got back acne or scabs, you need to take some money out of your g-string and go buy yourself a BIG jug of body scrub with some shea butter on the side or a SERIES of body treatments. WTF....My friend was disgusted and so was I. To get back at me, she made him dance for me too. .... Needless to say....It was overwhelmingly horrifying. It was like Freddy Krueger trying to hump me.I felt extremely dirty like I was thrown in a swamp. My skin itched the rest of the night.I also went downstairs where the "girls are" for a while too. For the guys, it was unimpressive.  Not much dancing was going on.
4	went there on the last day of my vacation by myself. (i know, but it's Vegas so I was like what the hell). It was my first time in a strip joint and have always wanted to go so I didn't mind paying my $30. I quickly bypassed the women downstairs which was packed with both men and women onlookers, and went upstairs for the men. There were no more than 8 women in there on a Friday night so I was a bit skeptical. There was a great DJ, friendly server and host and the guys weren't too bad either. Granted, they flock to you to see if they can get a dance but if you get one from everyone that asked you, you'd be broke. Nothing about this place is cheap so if you want a good time, you'll need at least 80 bucks. No job that relies on tips is easy and I kind of felt bad when the guys would go onstage and leave off with no tip. I figured since I was there I might as well get a lap dance. you don't go into a dunkin donuts just for a cup of coffee, you have to get a donut or a muffin. Anyway, I considered getting dances from two because they were so friendly and made me comfortable knowing it was my first time. I actually vibed with them and we had a decent conversation that didn't feel forced. I decided to get ONE (like I said the place isn't cheap) and I went to a private area because I didn't want everyone in the place staring at me and it wasn't bad. The dancer actually held my hand to the room and back to my booth and the dance itself was more sensual than sexual (which I could appreciate) and his cologne was out of his world. The only con was the guys stood in front of a lot of the women looking at their coworkers dance which I thought was rude but I will definitely go back if nothing else but for the treatment that I got while I was there. The ladies room attendant was even very friendly.
1	This is the worst place ever!!!!!! The people are ugly. It costs way too much. The place is dirty wouldn't be surprised if you could get an STD by just sitting in one of there nasty seats. The drinks cost way to much and on top of the $30 cover there is a 2 drink minimum. The biggest waste of time in Vegas.And FYI not "gay friendly" just if your wondering
4	here's the thing: what someone considers "hot" is completely subjective.  with that in mind, throw out every review in which someone claims "all the dancers were hot!" or "all the dancers were nasty."  i would be worried as to what their definition was. variety is indeed the spice of life, and the order of the day when it comes to strip clubs.  i've been in enough of them to know better.  you would be surprised at what some men (and women) find attractive and a good strip club caters to the majority.  i found the olympic garden to do just that.  sure, a lot of those women were hot; conversely, some were not necessarily someone i would look twice at on the street.  (if i ogled women on the street.)  but MEN WILL STILL GIVE THEM MONEY!!!!!  hence the reason they are employed there.drinks are super-duper outrageous, but keep in mind that YOU'RE IN A STRIP BAR IN VEGAS!  it's not the buffet at circus circus, people.  getting in is a literal cluster f**k on the weekends.  no rhyme or reason whatsoever, and a little too much like people trying to get backstage at a rock concert.  i'm slight of build and was a tad intimidated by the fact that i could possibly be trampled.  on the plus side, if you happen to go with some smooth-talkin' women you may not have to pay the cover! ;)  $30 is a bit steep, but if you're prepared it won't be quite of a shock.  and if you're going with the intent to blow some cash, then it won't be for naught.upstairs was good, but a little sad.  i always feel sorry for the male strippers . . . women are just too cautious with their money.  the guys were attractive enough, but i would have liked to have seen just a little more diversity and fewer baseball caps.  seriously, what is that about?  all were very nice and worked the women like they should.  just know what you're getting into before heading over to the og, and you're sure to have a good time and find something you like.
5	The men of OGs... *sigh*.  I can't imagine visiting Vegas without making a pit stop here for at least 2 hours.  I thought I was gonna cry last weekend after taking a peek into my clutch and realizing I left my ATM card at the hotel.  Looking back, it really was a blessing.  This place brings out the devil in me.
4	Johan is Cuban. Cuban is good. Johan in a white navy uniform? Very, VERY good!  He took care of our bachelorette party and especially the bride to be. He was amazing, nice and definitely sexy as hell. OG as a whole...cheesy. However, when you must, you must! I didn't like when the men horded our table upon arrival.  That was a little pushy. They are kind of in your face at first about lap dances. The drink service was also very slow. Get tanked ahead of time and take the free limo. Save money for g-string stuffing :PIt was a ton of fun and if you just go with the cheesy flow you'll have a blast!
2	I recently came back from Vegas for a bachelor party. We were there on a Saturday night. We got there around 1:30 AM after having some drinks beforehand. We came with a group of 15 guys and needless to say we were ready for some fun. Not sure of the reason, but there weren't that many "entertainers" around. Usually on a Saturday night there are close to 200 girls working but this was not the case. During past bachelor parties, the women usually flock to the group but it was not the case that night. I actually had to go recruit dancers for our bachelor. We still had fun but it definitely was not rocking like it has in the past. Maybe just an off night?
4	Now this is an adult entertainment venue worth visiting. In a town full of overpriced, over-hyped strip clubs with under-talented girls, the OG stands out as what a strip club should be. Dirty, bawdy, nasty fun. The cover charge is the same as everywhere else: $30 for out-of-towners, but that's where the similarities end. OG is not trying to be "the most luxurious" anything, and the prices reflect it. They're not charging $20 for a shot of Patron if you get my drift. The drinks are still expensive, but where in a Vegas strip club can you get a cheap drink anyway?The space is dark, decent (if not a little on the dirty side) and would pass as a higher-end club in any other city such as Portland. The girls know how to work the pole (at least a few were climbing up, swinging around, etc), which provided an actual reason to sit at the rack. Our server Ericka was 100% on, super nice, and took great care of us even though we weren't buying bottles or paying ridiculous VIP fees to sit at some VIP table. The girls weren't pushy for the most part, and they were all more than happy to give the bachelor much more than his $20 worth for each dance. We didn't venture into the VIP room, but we hear it's pretty fun back in there. I'll just leave it at that. While myself I prefer more laid back adult entertainment (I'm from Portland, so I don't care to pay a whopping premium for fake-ass luxury), this club was a happy medium between spots like Treasures and the Rhino and, well, joints that might be filthy enough to scare off your average bachelor party crowd. I hear they also have a male revue upstairs, so there were a lot of non-stripper girls in the club as well. Of the 3 clubs I went to while in Vegas for a bachelor party, the OG is where I had the most fun, and definitely would be my first choice upon my return visit.
3	What happens at the Olympic Garden...will totally be photographed and kept in a locked iphone gallery to be used for blackmail later.That is, if you're rolling with a crew of hott ladies for a bachelorette party and you want to completely embarrass the hell out of the bachelorette. We seemed to be the only gang who thought this was uncomfortably hilarious, in fact, most of the other ladies were downright mesmerized. While completely scared to even enter and going "only because we are taking the piss" we ended up having a seriously good time, and laughing A LOT. Gotta give it to them, they are entertaining! Cuban guy seemed to be the most revered of them all.We got a great deal. A limo ride there, cover, a bottle of champagne, and 2 drinks a piece for $80 a person. Once in we were swarmed as the gents tried to manipulate us into paying for all kinds of lap dances. Seeing as we weren't the most wasted group, they moved on, but seriously be prepared. These guys are sharks.Downstairs was kinda dull, especially compared to the raucous anything-goes vibe of the upstairs. I'd tell the gents to check out Spearmint Rhino or another fine establishment instead.
4	one more time...YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY FOR STRIPPERS!!!!!!!!!!!
1	ok. beware of the "after-service" as i'd like to call it. it's the kind of service that you get after you've already spent all your money inside a bar/club/restaurant/etc. this place is the worst at it. 8 of us came here saturday night, as part of my cousin's bachelorette getaway in vegas. we paid for the limo/cover package. limo ride from the hotel to OG, and when we arrived, we were treated in a so-so manner. but we didn't really mind at that time. the moment we were shown to our table, hoards of men started invading our table and pushing us to buy each other lap dances. when i say pushing, i mean almost forcing you, literally won't let go of your hand until you agree to a lap dance or buy someone else a lap dance. my cousins just wanted to go all out and we knew this was all good fun so all of us got lap dances and we paid an extra $35 for the bachelorette to be taken to the stage and get another lap dance there. so i guess that was fun. our package also included $240 worth of alcohol from the bar (which didn't really amount to much because their drinks are so overpriced).  ok now the bad part. so after all the lap dances and drinking that we got from that $240 tab, we decided there wasn't really much else to do but leave. so we did. our package said that the limo would be taking us back to the hotel, and everybody else at the front desk and the guy who was in charge of the front door said we should just wait for our driver. so we waited, 90degrees in vegas last saturday night, and waited, and waited. until my cousins decided to call the limo driver himself and ask him what's taking too long. he said he's on his way back but not for us. he basically said we won't be getting limo service back to the hotel. WTF! so yeah, whatever right. why couldn't they just have said that there won't be a limo service back, we wouldn't have waited in that heat! and the front door guy just looked like he didn't really care at all. none of them would care for you since you already spent money there. really really bad customer service. if you can find another strip-club, then they probably will be way better than this joint. one tip: you can just rent out your own limo service and not get it as a package with OG to avoid this. we certainly learned our lesson.
4	Contrary to the experience some of my friends may have had at this classy lil joint, I had a BLAST! Hahaha. Perhaps it was due to the excessive amount of vodka they put in their vodka cranberries, or all of the good music they played, or how HOT one of the dancers was... anyway, my point is: I will be back. Someday. I will find a reason.I won't reveal too much about this place because I think the mystery of what it might be like is part of the appeal... but it's totally harmless, and everyone here was really fun. Not too dirty or creepy. It was entertaining and silly. About 10 of my friends and I brought our friend here for her bachelorette party. It was definitely a night she'll never forget!
2	I shouldn't give this place a two because the description says, "Meh.  I've experienced better."  Well, I haven't experienced better because this is my only experience with a male strip club.  I should give this place a big fat ZERO because I'm pretty sure the bartender roofied me.  Why do I think he roofied me?  Let me tell you.  A friend of mine had her bachelorette party in Vegas and her maid of honor thought up this brilliant idea of making us all wear corsets- bridesmaids/friends in black and the bride in white.  Well, I'm rather busty, but luckily I saw my drunken future and prepared for the inevitable.  More about this later. So, we make The Olympic Garden our first stop and right away the guys bombard us.  They cornered us individually so that we couldn't consult on who everyone was buying lap dances for, and thus we all bought multiple lap dances for the same people.  This is when I learned that lap dances make me uncomfortable, especially if I haven't even had a damn drink yet.  I actually made the poor guy so uncomfortable he asked me if I was feeling ok.  I just don't find guys who kiss their own biceps while gyrating on top of me sexy... I find it funny and maybe a little sad, but not sexy.  After I was dance raped, I made my way to the bar where I recognized the bartender.  My dad owned a bar and I knew this guy had totally worked for him (Note to self- my dad must be a real asshole if this guy did indeed roofie me [sorry daddy, but I'm sure you stopped reading at dance rape if for some reason you stumbled upon this review] and also, this is a small, small world).  So, I asked the guy and after finding out who I was he started pouring me shots.  I had about three the entire time we where there.  Trust me, I can handle three shots and this was all I had to drink for the rest of the night.  Not only that, but he was the only person who came in contact with these shots other than my mouth.  This is where my memory gets fuzzy and eventually it just goes dark, but before I forget who I am I decide it'd be fun to call home and tell my dear old dad who I ran into.  Thank God my brother answered and screened the call.  I don't even know what I said to him, but he told me I was pretty out of it.  Last memory from here on out is an image of the limo pulling up and my friends piling in. The next day.  I wake up in my hotel room with a start.  I have no idea where I am at first.  I have no idea how I got there and I have no idea how I got out of the corset from last night.  This is where my friends and my boyfriend at the time fill me in.  Luckily, he just happened to be there for the bachelor party, but unfortunately my near death state forced him to miss out on all the stripper action.  Haha, sucker.  So, apparently I was completely gone like I'd never been before.  I fell down multiple times in public places and even knocked a friend into an open trash can.  It was so bad that a security guy at MGM Grand offered me a wheelchair, but my friends were afraid he was just some random guy trying to molest me so they continued to lug me around.  I had horrible bruises all over my body the next day to prove just how embarrassing this all must have been.  Here is where my good planning for a drunken future comes in.  I knew that my corset had a tendency to slip, so I wore a lace cami underneath just in case I got too drunk to pay attention to wardrobe malfunctions.  This proved rather smart because all the falling down pulled my corset right off of you know what.  If I hadn't been wearing that cami I would have looked like I was dressed for a topless review. I also puked in a cab at some point.  The cab driver started yelling in another language and a girl I barley knew caught my freakin' throw up in her hands.  IN HER HANDS! Once they got me to the room, I was completely out.  I mean, dead to the world.  Well, until I guess one girl got on my nerves enough to wake me out of my stupor.  My friends told me she was complaining about everyone wanting to wait around a bit to make sure I was okay.  So, I popped my head up long enough to say, "Be cool, bitch."  That was the last thing I would do or say until the morning.My poor boyfriend got wind of the state I was in and said I looked like a dead person when he went up to check on me.  He missed out on the rest of the night for fear I would stop breathing.  Apparently, I was completely non-responsive.  The next day, I wanted to kill myself.  I have never felt a hangover like that in my entire life.  It was HORRIBLE.  In conclusion, I have no way of knowing what was in those drinks.  All I know is that no amount of binge drinking ever rendered me completely unconscious and without memory of an entire night worth of events.  Everything after leaving the strip club is like a dark hole in my memory- it's just blank, as if the rest of the night didn't even exist.P.S.  I highly identified with The Hangover... for obvious reasons.
3	No cover for military.  That's awesome and free parking too!
4	This place is OG, triple O.G.I took my BFF and her bachelorette party of 23 to the OG for fun, drinks, and men! Suffice it to say, the girls were very sad to leave! I called ahead and got the Limo Special. $50/girl, which included transportation to the OG (but not back!), cover charge, and about $20 worth of drinks. Since we had so many girls, they sent us a party bus. SAAWWEEET! Just the ride alone was tons of fun!  We got there about 8:30, which is pretty early for a Vegas night, but that meant we got front row seats! Right at the dance floor.The entertainment was fun, full of energy, and very nice to all the girls. The staff was nice, but a little understaffed. One guy to take care of all 23 of us and other groups??? Sorry, but we want our alcohol and we want it now! He was however, very kind to watch how much drink credit we had left and was prompt to notify me once we got down to $20 per my request. The place itself was nice, not dirty, and not creepy either. Lets just say, it was definitely one of the high lights that weekend!
5	Listen.  I can't believe I'm writing such a positive review about this experience!  I was completely skeptical, but the Men of OG were great.  It wasn't sleazy or dirty or eye roll enducing.  The men put on a great show!  They look great, dance great and will entertain you for sure!  What's even better is how easy it was to set up the perfect package for my girlfriend's birthday.  Sophie was terrific!  Easy to work with and she delivered!Here's how it worked:  The limo picked us up at our hotel on the strip and delivered us to the door of the club.  We went inside and the door girl found our names on the list.  We were escorted up an elevator to our seats at the stage.  At 9:30, the party was in full swing.  A waiter took our drink order and we were off!  My only suggestion would be to have another waiter or 2.  The one we had was great, but a little overworked!  When were done, we left down the elevator and through the club to a taxi waiting right at the door!Bottom line:  Sophie is great, the men were entertaining and we had a blast!
1	This is my second time ever to a strip club. I'm not a huge fan of strip clubs and the only reason I even went was my sister's bachelorette.So here's the deal. It's a Saturday night, during 4th of July weekend. I was deciding between Men of Sapphire and Olympic Garden (friend is friends with a Manager). My contact at MOS said their male strippers sometime leave early on weekends (WTF?!) and since my friend recommended OG, I said sure. Mistake Number 1.It was BAD. The strippers themselves were fine (not good looking, just good at their job). The place itself looked like SHIT. Bare walls and shitty carpet. Maybe I was too sober. So we try to solve that problem by ordering bottle service. Mistake Number 2.We ordered Belvedere and OG had some special where we got a free bottle of Smirnoff. So typically, I don't get bottle service but apparently your host/hostess usually shows you the bottle before opening it. Well the geniuses at OG opened our bottle while we were getting our lap dances so they could later blame us for not looking at the bottle before they opened it. After my dance, I took a sip of my pre- mixed vodka/cran and it tasted like crap. I'm no "vodka connosieur" but i know what good vodka tastes like, even when its in a mixed drink. Long story short, we had a fit and the jackass bartender told us it was real belvedere. He wouldnt even take a swig of the "belvedere" to prove to us it was real.Thank god we had a lawyer with us. Eff you OG!
5	ahh.. what a truly memorable night :)I'm not a strip club frequenter and don't plan on being. But this place was tons of fun! I went with my girlfriends. We originally started off at Palomino... That is a story in itself...As we enter this glitzy semi-run down place, I thought - This is exactly what a strip club should be. Sleezy and a tad tacky, but it's just giving u what you want - sexy fun :)I felt safe. Haha.. You will understand why if you read my Palomino review. The first floor is female strippers. Upstairs are male strippers. So we scurried up to see the beef. It was a large dimly lit room w/black walls. Ahh.. of course a center stage with lights and women screaming & shouting with pure joy and excitement. It was friendly and clean. Our waitor brought us to the table and no more than a min later of sitting, we were surrounded by pulsating muscles with tiny g strings on. lol.. It was kinda weird. They were trying to seduce us by caressing and kissing your hands neck and whatevers.... Next things you know... butts, legs, ding a lings were everywhere. I will not go into details, but it was amusing. I learned a few tricks from these limber boys to try myself :) My favorite part of the night were the shows!! Sooo fun! All the gals gathered up around the stage and watched each performance in amazement. They were great dancers and really knew how to put on a show! You got your typical firefighter, marine, and even an NSYNC performance... The there was crazy chick who was by herself. She befriended us and told us it's her birthday. She also told us about KONA. According to her, he's god's gift to mankind. She loves him and he always puts her in a good mood. She was an odd one. Anyways... A while later guess who comes on stage! K O N A ! Yuppp he was pretty awesome. He did a modern hip hop break dance performance. It was great! Very talented! All the ladies went wild. Crazy chick got even weirder... She sat on the edge of her seat and was panting and caressing herself... I'm thinking she may be a stalker? So yup.. overall goood times. It was fun to be pickin and choosin men... Sizing them up purely based on their physical aspects and making them work for their dollar !
1	I'm seeing all these talk threads about where to go for a bachelor's party.  Well, don't GO HERE unless you want to get screwed, no pun intended.  Voted the Best Strip Club in Las Vegas....uhh doubt it.This was my first time and probably will be my last time here.  2 Floors.  Sausage fest for the bachelorettes upstairs and what seemed like approximately 88% Southeastern asian chicks downstairs.  The other 12% were of the non-white variety.  We arrived at about 11pm so you figure this is the "creme de la creme" of the talent.  I literally ONLY lasted 20 minutes inside OG.  It all started with a camera!  It was never meant to be used inside BUT shiznit happens.  Security never gave me any warning and said, "it's time to say good night".  My response was "GFY and no your not taking my camera!"What sucked was I never got to buy my buddy a dance here, but I got a pretty detailed report about the debauchery (i'll spare you those details) and shadiness after I got the boot from the fellas.  Apparently everybody saw the one of the dancers just blatantly grab a fresh bottle of GG from our table and just run off with it.  The manager accused my buddy of lying about the incident and the dancer finally fessed up and apologized.  But when it was all said and done.....they replaced it with a bottle of Absolut....WTF kinda BS is this?!?Yes the hummer limo ride was free and so was the cover...but it's still "slim pickings" at OG.  Sure you may get your "bang for your buck" BUT I can't ever recommend a bach party with OG in the mix and you'd have to knock me out and drag me in order to go back.  Juss stick to the Rhino or Sapphire.
1	This is a review of the male dance reviewA girlfriend and I went to this club on a Sunday night. The strippers were mostly amatuers and they all danced like girls. We called Palomino and they picked us up from OG and we ended up having a great night!! But you know different strokes for different folks!! I'll pass on OG.
4	I read all of these reviews before I went to Vegas and decided on OG.  I have gone with my wife to Sapphire, Treasures, Scores, and Spearamint Rhino and I must say that I had the best time at OG.  We went on a Sunday night and it was not as crowded and although there are some girls that need to be in the dark, there are many others there who are beautiful and lots of fun.  Our waitress Mary was awesome and made the experience great.  Although I wanted her to dance for us she brought us a girl who was hotter and made the private room for my wife and I an experience to last til our next trip and cannot wait for that.  $12 mixed drinks but I guess that is expected but worth it if whole experience done right.
1	Stay away from Olympic Garden unless you are a SUCKER!  This is the worst strip club in Vegas! This place will flat out rip you off any chance it gets.  We showed up there at about 2 a.m. and the place was dead.  We paid $30 each for a cover charge and there were NO GIRLS dancing.  We waited and waited and waited...nothing.  Finally we asked the manager and he said the girls would "be right out."  Ten minutes later, still nothing.  Four drinks and $80 later at the bar...still NO GIRLS.   WTF!Finally we walked to the front and asked for our money back.  Yeah right!  The manager was a total asshole.  Finally two butt-ugly girls walked out and offered to give us a lap dance...we laughed and went to another club.You should do the same.
4	i was scared to go to this place. i was really relying on the bad reviews on yelp so i came in with low expectations.so me and my girls went sober and stayed that way, yes i know! but honestly i think that was best cause we were able to keep tabs on our money and the ugly strippers. labor day weekend, 9 girls, and about an hour before closing. i highly recommend to go around closing.now it's quite expensive and what do you mean by that? we'll you drop about $40 walking in here and of course you still need money to put in thongs and purchase lap dances ($20).$30 to get in? okay go to the male section of the strip club and when we enter there is a stripper with the physique of actor terry crews (don't know him google him, he is a huge dude) in a thong humping the stage. take it alll in.seeing the 2 drink minimum a server comes up to us and asks for our orders, okay let's order soda, shouldn't be too pricey? nope it's $10 for ginger ale, crap should've just ordered a shot! fortunately our server forgot about us and we never bought the second drink.after cover and the first drink i look in my bag and i'm almost out of money, we still need a ride back to hotel! there's an atm in the back with a charge of $4.i take out $40 and go toward the front to grab 40 $1 bills. that is my budget! make sure you set one!so we decide to sit at the stage. and we start eyeing the dancers walking around. OUR GOAL: we will get our friend the bachelorette a lap dance IN EVERY COLOR! surprisingly there were actually good looking guys! a handsome white one (dimples, possibly gay), a bald latino looking dude (nice body) and a few very good looking black guys (tyson was our man the rest of the night, he supposedly "models" in the east coast) we had jungle fever! they were all very polite and not really pushy, thank goodness.there were a few "oh hell no!" strippers. guy with long hair up to his chin with a big nose kind of older looking, skinny guy with bad skin (sorry i hate being mean, but it's true) although he was still getting customers, that is why ladies it's good to be sober! we get beer googles too. we did head downstairs to check out the lady stripper side and it was quite traumatizing. let's just say we thought we walked into a brothel. if you fellas that night are taken/getting married shame on you! raunchy raunchy.
2	I came here with a bachelorette party, 9 of us total.The men -- there were some really really gorgeous guys.  No, not gorgeous, HOT guys.  Great bodies, great moves -- but I can only remember 2 really hot guys and none of them were particularly NICE.  Some of them were just aggressive assholes.  A lot of the guys looked over 40 and not in a sexy George Clooney "distinguished" flattering way.  The dances -- they were much more raunchy than female dancers.  There's a lot of banana hammocks.  It made me think of impressionism -- good from far... yea, you know the rest.  One guy in particular really needed to ex-foliate their ass (according to a friend).  That's the opposite of sexyThe cost -- HOLY SHIT these guys are shady.  This place felt too mechanical and too shady.  I don't think you'd suspect it at first -- but when we got in we were greeted by a line up of guys.  They seemed friendly at first, but no money no honey.  There was one friendly guy (Asian guy) but all the other dudes seemed way more interested in screwing you over than pretending to want to screw you.First, the guys would take money from out of your hand, put it in your mouth or your dress and then work for it.  Ummm, no it doesn't work that way.  Next, they would just take money from the table by the stage.  What the fuck?  Thirdly, I had one guy rub up against me only to find that he stole a $20 voucher a friend had slipped into my dress.  Yea, sly.  The worst was a guy asking my friend sitting next to me if it was ok if I bought her a dance.  Um, sure I'll buy her a dance but because I wanted to, not because you pressured me.  The worst part? Guess who never got her dance?It was fun, but don't go there too drunk and set a budget for yourself.  Hold on to your cash closely!Ok, downstairs, the girls? from what I could tell the girls were really hot.  I only sat for a little bit but they paid more attention to the guys than me.  So I took my cash and left.
3	If Yelp was a Rated NC-17 website I would be allowed to discuss the INSANE things that went on here for my buddies bachelor party. But I can't so all I can say is quite simply WOW... If you want a mix of raunchy  ladies in with the regular type strippers this place is where you want to beWe called the club the night we planned on going and told them we had a bachelor party. They sent a limo to pick us up in 25 minutes and had a table ready for us. We each paid 40 bucks for some package deal that supposedly covered the limo ride, the entry fee, and we got 2 free drinks a piece. Not a horrible deal seeing as it cost 30 just to get in.
4	PROS: Hot chicks with big boobs and tight abs! Hot men with washboard stomachs and pretty faces! Pretty much what you're looking for when going to these places. It was a last minute decision to head to a strip club so I decided to yelp a place and OG popped up! We were looking for a place that had male dancers so this place was perfect! I called Sophie and left her message stating that I was planning a birthday party of 6 and wanted to head to the club that evening. She was very accommodating towards my needs and sent for a limo! She had great deals and was super nice!The Club: Downstairs is the Ladies of OG and upstairs is where we were headed. We were greeted by Pete who was super nice and hyped us up for a good time! He walked us over to the stage, we sat around the stage with our dollar bills waiting to see some hotties! Drinks were good! The men poured over to us and offered lap dances, don't leave here without getting one! Music was awesome, the boys definitely had some moves and the prices were manageable so bring your money and don't be afraid to spend! Tyler and Tyson were definitely the fan favorites! I kind of regret not taking up Tyler on his offer for a private dance! hahaCONS:We did go there on a Sunday so they closed at 1am. I would liked just one more hour! HahaFinal Answer: Go!! And don't forget to call Sophie! She will definitely boost your experience! Oh and tell Tyler that Jenn says hello! haha  I'm going back in 2 weeks and will definitely call Sophie!!
5	I swear I live this place! Once in awhile I'll check out other joints but wished I need up here instead! I've been here pretty much during all hours of the day! Morning, afternoon, night and late night!
3	How should I rate and yelp this place without being judge?? Haha I don't care!!! Away from the kids once again.... Rent a car, drove to Vegas, got there in 3 1/2 hours at 80 mph. arrived at 12:35am. We met with 2 other couples, drag them out from the Baccarat tables at Caesars Palace to go grab a drink with us at OG. The best way is to call O.G. and make a reservation, they will sent out a limo to pick you up at your hotel. This way you don't pay a cover charge. You buy a greygoose bottle or any other liquor bottle and get only " Smirnoff " free. The bill came out to be 415.00 include tax & tips. And other entertainments would come out of each individual's pocket. hehehehe We had a nice booth with shear curtains. ohhhhh,,, eeewwwwwwwwww,, ahhhhhhhhhh Us girls wondered upstairs to check out the men, It was very empty. Just a few girls with these hot hot men. Their bodies were tight, abs hanging, guns flexing,, yikes .. I was a little intimidated because they started to came at us like fresh meat. We turned and darted downstairs. My husband said "back so soon", LOl.... Well, we all had lap dances, some good, some horrible, some real, some fake ::)) Use your imagination. I recommend to go in groups of couples, you'll have the best time because it is just fun.
3	I went there for a bachelorette party with 6 other ladies.  We visited the men upstairs.  We were seated at the stage.  After we ordered our drinks,  we were suddenly surrounded by the dancers.  There was some confusion because everyone wanted to buy a dance for the bachelorette.  We eventually threw her on stage.  Negatives: Men:  very aggressive and basically attacked our groupAtmosphere:  cigarette smoke hugged every bit of you once you enter the doorPositives: Men: great bodies and had good dance movesAtmosphere: good musicWe had fun because our purpose was to embarrass our bachelorette and show her some boys!  Don't let the dancers pressure you.  Just be firm and selective and you'll have a good time!
4	I gave it only 4 since it was my first strip club visit so couldn't compare it to anything. Overall club was clean and men weren't too pushy. I went on a Sunday at 9pm by myself cause my friend flew back home a day earlier than me. There were only 4-5 guys performing but all decent. I consider myself picky but they had a good representation of all types. Made friends with another lady who was by herself and she opened up a tab for us so drinks kept on coming (so I drank more than I originally wanted to but it was free). Enjoyed a lap dance from the all American looking cowboy...wish I remembered his name but he was respectful and we had fun. Was hesitant going alone but had a great time! If you never experienced a male review or strip club - definitely a great place to start. Naturally if you go with a group you'll get a lot of attention. Did find out that if you call ahead you can get discounts and VIP treatment! Just wish they had a "Meet the Men of OG" photo gallery so you can remember who they are - the DJ kind of rushes through the intro for each dancer.
4	Came here about 2 years ago. Didn't know about this place, we just asked the cab driver to take us to a strip club and he drove us to this one lol.Anyway, we paid and went upstairs where the male strippers were and had a good time. They had good routines and what not. Overall my girls and I had a really good time. We are actually planning on going back in Aug during our next Vegas trip but this time we are going to go with one of their packages!
3	Hmm... we came here last year and it was a good experience. This time around 2011 it was very different. We had to pay $10 for coverage, buy a minimum of two drinks... a drink alone was $10 and we had to tip guys? Okay... this place is all about taking your money. I would definitely go some where else. Besides, the guys here was not as cute. There was probably one guy here that wasn't stuck up and decent to look at. I probably won't be coming here again.
4	Went here over the weekend with a few of my gfs and i must say....not classy..lol.  This strip club is for guys who really wanna get down and dirty.  Super raunchy if that's your taste.  Great place if you want an untamed atmosphere where you might come home with cooties! ahahaha.  I'm giving a 4 star because us girls were treated extremely well.  But everywhere I sat, i was always looking for stripper snail trail, human excrement, etc....  The beer was only $10 though compared to Sapphire's $12.  We went upstairs for the male strippers and that was quite hilarious i might say.  Most of them were gay i believe but nonetheless, they were pretty cool "entertainers"
3	What happens in Vegas...appears on Yelp. Bachelorette party at the Olympic Gardens=Very interesting experience. They sent out a complimentary limo to pick all 12 of us girls up at our hotel, admission $40. We got a quick glimps of the woman dancers on the first floor as we made our way upstairs to the men dancers. The guys here really hustle! $20 for lap dances, $40 to get them to take a girl onstage to do work their magic. I was expecting a cabaret type of show...lets just say this is not at all cabaret. The bride to be had fun and that is all that matters. :)
2	I was planned the strip club for my friend's Bach party.   It was supposed to be $25 a person, you got in, a limo ride, and 2 drinks.  We all pay our 25 go in, then the waiter goes to me at the end of the night and was like, o yah there is a 18% gratuity for your $275 tab.  Annoying how they don't mention that at the door, and the fact it would be tacky to ask the rest if the girls to cover it.  Then on top of it, i give the idiot my card he comes back with a shot and says we can't use your card without you buying a drink so i brought you this crap shot... uh what the hell even is that drink.  I deducted the cost of that from the tip.  I seriously would not have minded if they were upfront.  The guys were cute, I'll give them that and it was pretty funny but sleazy at it's finest.
1	gross. This place is widely known as the toilet of all strip clubs.
4	Great girls that will really like you for who you are! lol Less hassle, less pressure, fun girls! Ask for Johnny for booths,VIP service.
2	I think "Special Olympic Garden" is a more appropriate name for this place, as it is likely the home of the world's most mentally challenged strippers. The physical quality of the dancers is fair to good, however, not nearly good enough to compensate for their stealing, deception, poor behavior, overall lack of conversation skills and even lower ability to form a coherent argument. My friend paid a girl walking by money to give me a dance, and when I rejected her, she refused to give me the money to get a dance from another dancer, instead saying she had to give the money to my friend, who had left by then. When another stripper threw beer at a member of my party, I had had it, and left. Considering the fact that these people are usually compensated better for their "work" than college professors makes it apparent why our nation is in the state it is in now.
1	What a waste of time this place was...The girls were frumpy and many of them in their 40's, it felt like a hole in the wall, and a couple of the girls even solicited us....Stay Away
3	Bachelorette party in Vegas = journey to strip club. VIP package offers limo service to pick you up from your hotel and drop you back, plus going straight inside and 2 well drinks. Started in the guys room. I felt like the guys all stood behind us just waiting to pounce on an unsuspecting lady and con us out of a lap dance and $20. Nice views though, definitely. Girls room was loud and smoky, don't really remember too much more.Definitely recommend getting the VIP package for you and your girls.
1	We were told by a promoter that this place does not charge for every little thing (lap dances, etc.). Boy was he wrong. If you go, expect that just breathing around one of their strippers will augment your tab. I definitely learned my lesson about this place: avoid it. There are bound to be much classier strip clubs in Vegas. Something like Cheetah in Atlanta, GA would have been awesome.
5	Let me just start off by saying this review is WAY overdue. I have been to this upscale establishment on more than one (or maybe 3) occasions and im not afraid to admit it. I come for the guys but always stay for the girls. The male strippers i can handle for maybe 3 minutes before i start feeling like i just got molested by my soccer coach. They are super aggressive and actually jacked money from my friends purse whilst humping her face (they are multi-talened, who knew!). ya try to prove that while a 11 inch cock is in your face (no joke, he was of the african variety). so after we get face humped on the stage by a half naked fireman to the tunes of NIN 'i want to fuck you like an animal', we mosey on down to the women section. These ladies are pure class and fun. without going into too much detail, i easily run through an amount of ones im kind of ashamed to admit to and leave when the suns up. The bathroom attendant is an inneresting addition. first of all the b-room is like 1 stall and a sink. So you can imagine this doesnt leave a whole lot of room for condoms, breath mints, gum, hand towels, lube, or pussy spray AND a whole person. Alas, they make it work and she is very friendly. Jojo the manager now, although he did used to be the valet attendant, is always accomodating and actually remembers us when we make the many trips to vegas a year. However we have hit a dry spell since my BF has a borefriend...oh, i will be back.
2	"Free limo and no cover" my ass.  Upon arriving at the OG, in the ghetto, by a limo that we were told was "completely free", we were informed that it would be $25 per person.  Granted this included 2 drinks, but I want to dictate my boozing, not someone else.  So I get my drinks, which are completely watered down by the way, and watch some of the girls.  Some were pretty, most were not and all but one were pushy.  No, I don't want a dance.  If I do, I know where to find you and how to ask for one.Fast forward to the stage.  I'm there watching the vagina in my face, albeity behind the girls panties, and my buddy is ordering from one of the cocktail waitresses.  His gaze is away from the dancer for maybe 30 seconds.  I turn and get his attention to check out the dancer, and when he does, she looks at us and says "You guys aren't even paying attention to me!  Assholes!" and then leaves.  I couldn't help but laugh hysterically and go to the bar.  I have 4 or 5 Bud Lights @ $10 bucks apiece.  Each with a $2 tip  Earlier, I had tipped another $10 for my 2 booze drinks as well as another $10 for drinks I bought for my buddies.  Altogether, our group probably left this bartender over $100 within an hour and a half.  I feel thirsty.  I order a ginger ale.  He tells me $10.  I tell him I just wanted a ginger ale, nothing in it. "Ten dollars".  I laugh in his face, take the rest of my money off the bar and gather the guys to leave.If you fucks over there are reading this, you screwed up bigtime. The 6 of us were just getting ready to do private dances and were preparing to stay until you kicked us out.  Die in a fire, all of you.  Except the hot cocktail waitress with the nice tits and personality.
1	This place is called OG for a reason, its obscenely ghetto!  The girls here are very poor looking, and extremely aggressive.  I really don't need my hand rammed down your sweaty panties... This is definitely not a gentlemens club, rather a sleazy nudie bar.  Everything here is overpriced, admission is much more expensive than other clubs that are much more upscale and have more polite/attractive women.  The layout of the place is horrible.  I felt swindled and downright disgusted being here, I couldn't wait to leave.  Try at your own risk, you have been warned.
3	What up yelpers so here is the run down on what went on this past weekend 8/26/11....this is a review for the DOWNSTAIRS portion of this establishment...Arrived to Vegas with a group of 6 of my dudes for my brother bachelor party, pregamed at the westgate penthouse and walked the strip, had dinner and ish. As dudes go we decided to hit up osheas (spelling?) to hit up beer pong, bad idea at 10pm when it's first come and everyone is drunk not keeping record on whos got next on the tables.  So we decided to bounce and outside of the irish casino we get approached by this eastern european dude named nash, says he promotes for OG, ask him to clarify what it is, and explains it's a poppin strip club.  Now the deal he offers is free transportation to the club, back to where he picked us up and a $25 a head cover that includes two drinks of your choice, we thought it out and decided to go for it.As promised the dude came through we walked right in and got a table with all my dudes (6) each getting a chair and 2 drinks of choice for the low low price of $25 =)And... the fun begins, $20 lap dances, girls for the most part are 5-7.5 of the scale with an exception of some low 3's runing around and maybe a few 9's which were obviously taken for most of the night.  We planned to chill for about an hour or two... we were there for about 4.5 hours... for some reason time flies in there lolAnyway i'd give this place a 3.5 out of 5 stars, it's roomy, not too large but id say the size of a small wh with two stages, the stage towards the bar is about twice the size of the one on the other end (left of the entrance).  Downsides- bottle services are too expensive, at least the quotes we got the bald dude at the entrance (manager) was very asshole like in charging $375 per bottle, at a strip joint you must be kidding so we passed... also drink prices kept change, my redbull vodka was $10 and then refills were suddenly $13 wtf so make sure you tip one waitress and keep going back to her.  Finally keep your possessions close, some dude next to me who was not in my group was taken for his iphone4 so watch them hoes closely!
3	Enjoyed OG more than I'd like to admit...We took our bachelorette party upstairs where the men were plentiful, respectful, and beautiful. It was a busy weekend so the dancers weren't pushy. Overall, I felt fairly safe inside-even though OG is in a seedy part of town. $20 a dance, $40 to get on stage-and you get your $'s worth.But the cover, holy-moly! $30 cover and then a 2 drink minimum (drinks were $12). Next time I'll try that limo deal the other reveiwers are talking about.
4	I was a little worried going into this place because of some of the reviews. But hey, it was my birthday and we wanted a fun girls night out. Thankfully, my bday fell on a Thursday, which is local ladies night - no cover, prizes, etc. And my out-of-town friend even got in for free too. Top it all off with a Yelp check-in offer of 5 free shots (yep, 5!), and this turned out to be a cheap and fun night out.Lap dances ensued, of course. $20 a dance. Thankfully, the strippers were not at all pushy. And quite a different experience from what I was expecting. The male strippers are extremely hands-on. They kiss your neck, lick your breasts (over your clothes, of course), take your hands and put them on their ass, etc. Good thing I got 5 free shots - I definitely needed them.In addition to the strippers working the floor area, there was a also a large runway where various strippers performed.All in all, I actually wound up having a really great time. And we only spent about $50 between us. I, perhaps surprisingly so, would definitely recommend this spot for a fun girls night.
3	Husband and i went here on a Friday night.  Took the limo, still got charged $25 each.  That included 2 drinks, so not a bad deal. Being a couple, the girls are a little more reluctant to approach you.  We got 2 or 3 lap dances and ended up going VIP with one girl.  VIP is expensive here!  $250 for the half hour, and that doesn't include the $200 bar tab. But it was well worth the money.  Those memories will last a long time...In general, I think women tend to get better treatment in VIP, but my husband got plenty of attention as well. Overall a great experience, but the price will probably have us looking elsewhere next time.P.S.  I was told if we did bottle service we wouldn't have had to pay cover.
2	I'm thinking that they've been hiring the "D Team" from all the other strip clubs lately. This place fell off! I think the only one I want to see naked is Tina the cocktail waitress.....This place needs some new blood managing it.
4	I would say a solid 3.75!Our visit was earlier this year, so this review is a bit over due but here goes.By the look of my photos, you can tell it was an entertaining night even for a Sunday.  Cover is $30 each, then you are directed to the elevator to go upstairs and see what awaits you.  It was just 2 of us gals and we were seated by the stage since there were hardly anyone there; just a few small groups here and there.  The male entertainers do their thing on the stage while the off stage male entertainers approach you randomly pursuing a lap dance.  They were HOT and YES they had all the right moves!  For the most part the ones wanting to give you lap dances were appropriate about it and if you told them to come back they would leave you alone and then shortly return..lol.  There was one that was kinda pushy, had a Euro-sensual(lol) accent but he let up towards the end.  As the men were dancing on the stage and came by us, I requested they do a one arm push up  for a nice tip.  There is nothing sexier than a well chiseled man sprawled out on the floor doing a one arm push to check out at all different angles!  Most of them admitted they could not do it so I gave them a nice spank on the tush anyway and slid some money in their g-string.  HOWEVER, there was this one that could fufill my request immediately and he went to work right away on his one arm pushups...I was stunned and all giggles.  He did receive a nice tip from me and I did get to touch him in places that should have not been touched in public....There were a few downsides: drinks were watered down, one overworked server, and the entetainers would sit off to the side in a group with their gym/basketball shorts on, take them off and approach ladies for lap dances..kinda cheesy.   They would also yell out a group chant when an entertainer would come back accepted or rejected for a lap dance.On the way out, we got a nice hug from a few of the entertainers.  Overall the next time I'm in Vegas, I wouldn't mind paying them a visit again.
2	If you're in Vegas and you happen to have the urge to check out the strip clubs, do yourself a favor and skip The Olympic Garden.  Unless you plan on "strip club hopping" and begin at this place, you should head towards one of the surer bets because you will surely be disappointed.  By the way, most of the better clubs offer free rides and entry...not to mention friendlier and more attractive women.Pros:Large facilityMore than a dozen ladiesBarCons:Less than a handful were actually "ok"Worst in terms of friendlinessThroughout the years, I have managed to visit every major Strip Club in Vegas at least once, so I have a pretty fair range of exposure.  Even at the worst clubs, I've been known to kick back a few drinks and tip the women for their effort; however, at the Olympic Club, I literally could not give my cash away.  It was so bad, that I left the club in less than 10 minutes - I downed a beer in 2 minutes, felt completely dumbfounded by the experience, and left.  There were only 3 people that got any of my money: the door person was tipped, the waitress was tipped, and I tipped the only dancer that said anything to me because I've never left a club without contributing to at least one lady's college expenses.  After sitting in the club without a single lady approaching me, I got up to leave.  That's when an older dancer apologized for the slow shift - I gave her a tip for approaching me because it meant that I could leave without feeling too guilty.  There were probably 3 dancers that were ok, but like all the others, they were busy on their phones.  None of them (about a dozen ladies) got up or even smiled, and none of them got any of my "strip club" roll.  This review may be a bit skewed because I went in the early evening on a Monday, and perhaps the ladies were simply warming up or needed a couple of more drinks?  The club is pretty dark, the couches were comfortable, and the waitress friendly.  I don't mind being the only paying customer in the club, but this place was just plain awkward.  I'm not sure if I would go back because there are simply too many options to even risk wasting my time.
1	terrible rip off.  las vegas joke.  wanted to spend money, got shook down for nothing
5	This place is AMAZING!!! The Men of OG is located upstairs and is a blast! Went there for my bachelorette and took my friend there for hers too. They sent us a complementary limo to take us there and take us back to the hotel. They waived our cover charge and were treated like royalty. The men are great looking and the party upstairs is insane. Defiantly a place to check out before leaving Vegas. Make sure it's the last place you go to cause everything else will seem boring.
2	Place is a complete sham. They will completely and blatantly steal your money and charge, charge, charge your card. Then they will ask you for tips. Only about 10 hot girls that rock the place. If you go here, request Annaleah, Annika, Violet, Eve, Ms. Johnson and/or Logan James. Rest look like coked out whores. Cocktail waitresses and the VIP host lady in the back are rude and greedy. The place is EXTREMELY expensive, without the benefits of a high class club. VIP is too confusing with their prices and they WILL rip you off. Fat girls, ugly girls, old women, pregnant women, and be prepared to walk into a cloud of cigarette and cigar smoke.
1	$12 for a regular bottle of Corona. Isn't this more than enough a reason NOT to go to this piece of shit place ? $20 dance is fine. But it aint fine when all the while you are pestered to go get the $100 private dance which if you say no to, are given the looks that say " ok this is ur last dance..gonna go for some rich ass bugger" ... These guyz just rip you off. Stay Away !!!!
2	Went here for my bachelorette party.  We got the free limo ride from the hotel hook up which was fine and I guess a nice touch.  We were already pretty drunk at this point and the limo driver was kind enough to let us bring our champagne bottle with straws in it into the limo.  The woman taking our money when we got to the club was not so kind.  Cue four girls chugging champagne in a ghetto parking lot in Vegas.  I think we paid $20 to get in but then were told we also had a two drink minimum we had to meet.  I think I ordered a $12 screwdriver which was watered down and weak.  Two sips in I was determined to not get another drink there so I nursed that one for the next couple hours.  The vibe here was weird.  We started out on the first level with the ladies and almost all the men that were there were sitting far away from the stage and not tipping.  Rude.  We sat in the tipping aisle and got a very kind reception from the girls.  The girls were cute but not super hot, but they made up for it in talent.  Most of my tipping money went to them because I was just so impressed with the acrobatics.  They showed us a great time.  Eventually we ventured upstairs the the male stripper section.  It was a bachelorette party after all.  I was instantly uncomfortable.  Only one of the six or so guys was even remotely attractive but that quickly doesn't matter when you see the corny costumes and witness the floor humping.  We all got roped into getting lap dances and honestly, I would have rather had a dance from one of the girls downstairs.  We decided that this was a total mess so we just decided to go with it.  We were pretty much openly making fun of them and at one point my sister started giving my friends dances because honestly, she's more talented than the guys were.  (FYI she's NOT a stripper).  The manager came over and told us we couldn't dance up there.  REALLY?  Were we really competition for the guys?  Was he really worried that the other bachelorette parties there were going to start paying us instead of the guys?  Ridiculous.  Overall we had a fun time, but that was probably because we're awesome and can have fun almost anywhere.  I definitely don't recommend it for male strippers but it's ok for the girls.  We did get a ride back to the hotel afterwards and spent half the ride drunkenly begging and trying to bribe the driver to take us to McDonalds.  He kept refusing and finally said, "You know you have a McDonalds in your hotel, right?"  Good game, sir.  Good game.
1	I've been going to Vegas for years (being a CA native) and have always gone to the OG.  And in the years, you always want to wear sweatshorts because it just makes the dances that much better.  However, this time around, the OG said I didn't meet the dress code.  Weird because the other two dozen times, my money was good there.  Oh well, no more.  The girls were always in your face asking you for a dance.  If I wanted a dance, I woulda made eye contact and waved my Jackson.  F*ck OG.
1	This place is terrible, a literal rip-off. Girls ok. I went with some buddies other night night  to have a good time and it was such a rip-off, beyond rip-off it was robbery! They will take advantage of you every chance they get. They lie, hide charges until the end, and make you thumb print to pay with a cc? WTF? It's because they've been sued and chased by banks so many times. Bad rep for a reason. Do not, I repeat DO NOT give them your credit card. You will be sorry when you get the bill. Plenty of places to go like this in LV that are much cleaner, more honest, and more fun. OG is just awful, full of heartless people (dancers and managers) who, for lack of a better word, rob you. I've been to places like this all over the country for fun and this is the worst experience I have ever had. Not bitter, no ulterior motives, just want to save guys the grief me and especially some of my buddies were put through. Just go to the Rhino or ANYWHERE else in town.
4	Pretty girls, clean environment, popular music, expensive drinks. Exactly what you'd want/expect in a Vegas strip club.
1	What happens in Vegas stays in vegas...and what happened to me in OLYMPIC GARDENS won't happen again; because I WILL NEVER GO BACK. I want to be clear that I am not saying the place sucks; others have 5 star reviews. I'm saying that not only would I NOT GO AGAIN EVER, & I REGRET going there at all. But I suppose it's a mandatory trip; you go to sin city, you gamble, you watching naked dancing girls, you hang by the pool blah blah blah. I have been to Vegas on multiple occasions but only once previously visited a strip club there (glitter gulch on fremont; another 1 star loser) and figured they were all of the same overpriced underwhelming variety. I had heard thru a friend that Olympic Gardens was not like that, so I figured I would check it out. Admittedly I went on a Wed, which is not prime time, but still, it's sin city...to me that means bring the A game 24/7, don't you agree? To be clear, I am only reviewing the downstairs club, the upstairs with the dudes for the gals might be outstanding for all I know.  Downstairs for the guys? Well...The place was less than 1/4 full, the ladies were just ok at best(looks, attitude) and the hustle...jesus christ I have had less complicated sales pitches trying to buy a car! Lap dance is x amount, the vip is X amount, XX amount, and XXX amount (varies by time and location), but there is a surcharge of y amount for drinks, and then there is the pitch for "premium service" and the more tips (I declined, and the dancer was not happy). They want your driver's license, your thumbprint, your first born (okay they actually don't want your first born)...WTF? THE BOTTOMLINE LINE IS THAT I GOT OVERCHARGED on my credit card, and I am still pursuing recourse 3 months later. IF YOU MUST GO, USE CASH, DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR LICENSE or credit card!!!Better yet, hit ANY of the bars in Vegas and watch the go go dancers; they are better looking, dance better, and if you tip them they appreciate it. Jenn at the M, is an amazing go go dancer, and way hotter than anyone I saw at OG.I have only been to two, but the strip clubs in Vegas I know are LAME, and overpriced. Seriously, I am not hating on the place; if they had not stolen from me I would be fine with them. But the dancer/waitress...somebody-stole from me, and looking at the reviews, I am not the only one. Beware.
1	I agree with the other 1 star reviews. This place is a scam. Went there last night after a nice run at the craps table. I got duped into going into the VIP. Only after paying the $500 fee was I told that there was a drink minimum of $200 on top. Of course this was after the dance started and now I can't get my money back. Then the stripper told me that I needed to add a tip for the server and her. Now the $500 dance was going to be more like $800. I got up and demanded my Id and credit card back. They refused to give it back unless I signed off on the $200 hidden drink fee for drinks that never even arrived. I ended up leaving my I'd and credit card. Low and behold today I have a $400 charge on my card. I have already filed a dispute with my credit card company and plan on doing whatever I can to make sure other people are not scammed. This place engages in unfair and deceptive trade practices and should be shut down. Bottom line don't go there. If you do go, do not go in the VIP room and DO NOT pay with a credit card.  Stay away from this scam of a place. Go to spearmint rhino or sapphire if you are looking for some adult entertainment.
1	The person that said a limo would come and get you for free was lying. I emailed them for a bday party last week on a Wednesday night, so not even a busy night. The woman who replied was nice, said she'd follow up with me on Wednesday (never heard from her again) and that the limo would pick us up on Wed night. The limo never showed. If you are a straight guy, just enjoy the beautiful go go dancers all over the strip. If you want men, spend your money for Chippendales but don't go to this place!
3	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE MALE REVUE!! I was there this weekend for my friends Bachelorette party, there were 12 girls, we had set up our visit prior to arriving thru RED CARPET VIP - we had a limo take us to the club, with entrance for the entire party, 2 drinks and a VIP table with dance for the bachelorette.  When we sat down the waiter advised us if we spent 90 bucks more we could instead have 2 bottles of liquor with all the mixers. This was a better deal for us because we all can drink more then 2 drinks and after that the drinks were about 13 bucks each.The show was pretty good, most of the guys were good looking with nice bodies.  They put on themed shows like one is fireman, doctor, etc.  The dance for our bachelorette was really good! We also got more dances for the Maid of Honor and two more for the bride.  WE HAD A BALL! The guys were all very nice!!! We all were kind of skeptical about a male strip club cause sometimes they seem corny but this turned out to be a really fun night!!! The music was good too we typically like hip hop but there was a nice variety!
1	Not my thing at all. Had to be a good sport to support my friend who's getting married  in a few weeks. We were provided a limo from the hotel to OG, fancy.  We were then led up to the second floor to a table set up with two Absolut bottles and assorted juices.  This was the highlight of the evening.  OJ and vodka, hold me back!The usual ensued. Jiggling men, rubbing  their pecs, grinding on brides-to-be.  Squealing girls, pushy dancers asking to give you $20 lap dances. I just said I didn't have any money. They left me alone for the rest of our stay there.So I drank. And drank. Then the nightmare came to a close. Back into the limo and on to XS. Yay.
5	Great for bachlorette parties. The male strippers were fun, friendly and hawt!!!!!!!!!!!!!  although the female ones downstairs looks like deadfish. Back the the hot male strippers - $20 for lap dance $40 for public humiliation gang rape of the bride on stage. Each stripper work hard for their dollar bills, highly recommended!
1	Me and a couple of friends went here for a good time. Although the Men were Hot, It was just a money market!!The service was pathetic! We paid 25 $ cover charge per person which included 2 complimentary drinks..  The drinks were more like water, with the 2 nd drink being just a refill of the 1st one AND when we ordered long island ice tea - they said they can't do it as it contains too much alcohol and cannot be complimentary.. What B$#@&^*T!!  The guy was also forcing the group to buy their bottle service for an additional 120 bucks and when we refused he got pissed at us!!They wouldn't even serve water free of cost although we were spending like crazy in the club..  This club contains all greedy , sleazy people and I would advice NO ONE to go there for their poor service!This place needs to realize that giving the customers a good service is equally important and if they continue with their shams, they would very likely close down soon!
3	Strip shows aren't really my thing, but I had never been to Vegas, and Kelly & I figured this might be interesting, and I had never been to a male strip show.  Well, even male strip shows are not my thing.  The only time I want to see a man strip is when he is stripping for me, in my bedroom.That being said, I think it is a good bachelorette party option.  The brides-to-be (or anyone else who wants to pay) sit in a chair on stage, where the men basically do everything but to them.  It was actually quite funny.It is pricey if you are an out-of-towner and cash only.  However, all of the staff were nice.The store in the entrance has really cute, sparkly jewelry, plus tons of stripper accessories.
4	** Review only applies to the male strippers upstairs***Fun/Cost: (4/5) I came here with a group of 13 girls for a Bachelorette party and we had such a crazy time. Admission is "free" but you've got to pay at the door for the 2 drink minimum, which is $25. They at first seated us at the couches in the back due to our large party size, but we moved up to the seats around wishbone-shaped stage after about 20 minutes when another party left. Then the craziness began. We bought countless lap dances for the bachelorette. Then we bought some for the bridal party. Then we bought one for one girl in out group who thought one of the strippers was hot (they do have amazing bodies here). There were dollar bills flying, girls cheering, cameras flashing (yes, strangely they allowed pictures), and bodies all over. The guys actually position the girls on the chairs in various compromising positions and then lift the girls or their legs up, they'll grab girls hands and put them on their butts; they'll dance on girls so hard that the chair starts spinning; they'll lay a girl down on stage and grind up on them 69 style; they'll grab dollar bills with their teeth wherever the dollar bills are hidden on the girl (wherever). I'm not quite sure what the monetary damage was at the end of the night -- lap dances  are $20, $40 on stage, and then as many $1 that you want to contribute. According to my friend was had been here before, they really feed off the energy of your group; the rowdier and louder you cheer, the more crazy and sexual the strippers become. I guess we were pretty darn loud and rowdy. Ambiance: (3/5) We came a few weeks ago on the last Saturday of April around 10pm and the upstairs area with the male strippers was pretty much full. (The downstairs is the female stripper area and then upstairs you have the male strippers. As you can imagine, all the men patrons are downstairs and all the female patrons are upstairs.) There were a lot of bachelorette parties going on upstairs, but also a lot of just pairs and small groups of women who appeared to just be enjoying a girls night out. Other than the general dark, dimly lit, clandestine vibe of the place, you pretty much create your own ambiance. If your group is sultry and quietly sexual, you'll get that type of experience. If your group is loud and crazy, you'll get that experience. If your group is timid and surreptitious, you'll have a slightly awkward experience. I guess you could just come and watch here (some of the guys will periodically dance on stage) but then you might be better served just going to a male revue show like Chippendales. Location: (2/5) Olympic Garden is in downtown Las Vegas, so its completely off the nice Strip and in a darker, seedier part of town. I guess that makes sense...it is a strip club after all. Service: (4/5) It appears as if a lot male reviewers have had problems here with using credit cards at this establishment and subsequently getting overcharged for services or items. Good thing we just used good old cash and didn't encounter any of those problems! We also contacted Olympic Garden ahead of time and they arranged for a limo to pick us up at Encore casino, which was convenient and cost-efficient. When we got here, we were treated courteously and even when we took forever deciding on what drinks to order, the waitress didn't lose her cool with us. So for us girls, we had a great service experience here.  Overall: (3.5/5) I'll probably never come back here again as most my other friends aren't crazy enough as to go to a strip club if even for their bachelorettes, but it was an eye-opening, one-in-a-lifetime experience. If you do come, just be open minded and just keep in mind that most parties come here just for fun and for special occasions -- don't judge!
1	Will never come back. I was celebrating my bachelorette. Six girls and paid the $40 package. We got there and were served our first drink. Then a bunch of male entertainers came by telling us they would give the girls a lap dance. We never heard they charged $20 for their lap dance. Three of us got a lapdance. Once they were done they came back and said "Okay pay me, its $20" We were all confused. One of the three male strippers starts getting aggressive and starts yelling at us "you need to pay me!" "I gave u a lapdance now you pay me! Stop acting like you are drunk!" We were all sober. I told him to calm down and stop yelling at us. He continues to yell and so I asked him to take me to his manager because that was no way to treat girls. I filed a complaint yet I am not so sure how serious they will take this. Huge dissapointment. The manager said I had to pay him and so I did without any apologies on their behalf AND we never got our second drink. They ruined my first time attending one of these places.
3	O-M-G Devirginized to male strip clubs at OG and I kind of want that flower back...I went here with a bachelorette party and we only stayed in the male strip club area after a night of clubbing (around 2am)Here's the break down:1) Money spent:We got a deal for $25/person for two drinks and entrance, which I didn't think was too shabby.  However, when we got our drinks, we totally regretted it.  We all got vodka cranberries and they all tasted like rubbing alcohol.  Granted we were super inebriated and we couldn't even hold this vodka down.  When the bride wasn't feeling well, I went to ask for water, which you have to pay by the bottle.  I spent $10 for 6oz. of water!!! UGHHHHHH 2) Strippers:This was such a cuuuhhhhrazyyyyy experience for me.  The male strippers were grabbing the girls on the sides and pulling them halfway up on the stage, smacking their booties and motorboating them. SOOO CRAZY and UNEXPECTED.  My friend, the bride, was freaked out and could not handle being near the stage, so we went back to our booth.  The guys walked around and asked if she wanted a lap dance but we adamantly refused!  The girls next to us got "lap dances" which basically entailed the guy banging up on the girl for about 5 minutes while all of her friends screamed, laughed, and took pictures.  The guys were okay looking, but didn't have very good dance moves.  Imagine someone who was trained by a Britney Spears dancer wannabe who mainly point toward their penile area.  Oh goodness, I can go on forever about my experience here.  All in all, it was very entertaining, but just so crazy.  I'm debating on whether or not I would want to go again for another friend's bachelorette.  We'll see....
1	Upon stepping foot inside The Olympic Garden you will be greeted by the nicest, most accommodating staff! No tricks here! All the female dancers are honest, sincere, and intelligent to boot! And talk about classy!!! No tricks here!Buy a dancer one of OG's inexpensive beverages and you will instantly be whisked off your feet as they fall madly in love with you! Talk about a great deal! No tricks here!The bouncers are gentle giants who share the morale of some of America's finest like George Washington! These guys are the cream of the crop! No tricks here!Did I mention that there are no tricks at OG's!?The maitre de will spell everything out on his pad of paper so you don't get confused with how much to pay. I wish car dealers did this! He'll make a few affordable bottle recommendations for you and your group - and don't worry, the dancer pouring your drink expects nothing in return! What a deal!!!! No tricks here!Overall, The Olympic Garden gets 10 million stars! Wonderful staff, wonderful dancers, and maitre de's who care about saving you some money - with no tricks! Thanks, OG's!
5	My husband and I really liked this club due to the fact that you have both the male and female dancers in the same building.  To start off because we drove ourselves our entry was free if we purchased 2 drinks for $25, not to bad (I just wish that we didn't have to get both drinks at the same time).  We started out at the female show which is downstairs, enjoyed ourselves.  The girls were all nice to look at and not to pushy, we met a girl that we both liked and she sat and talked to us for a while even after we bought a couple of dances, $20 per song.  She was alot of fun she had roaming hands and encouraged my husband and I to do the same.   She also told us if we come before 4 pm there is no entry fee and the drinks are much cheaper.Next, we went upstairs to see the men dancers and this was our first time at a male strip club, totally different atmosphere than with the female club.  The women tend to get more riled up then men.   There were very hot guys dancing and they were enjoying themselves, loved the fireman.  As for couples being there I only saw one or two other couples, but tons of women enjoying the show.  The men pulled women from the audience up on the stage and gave them dances up there, it was a lot of fun to watch.  They definitely worked for their tips and made sure it was worth it for the tipper as well.  My husband and I both enjoyed ourselves.When we decided to leave because of the mens club closing we went back down stairs and it was much more crowded and fewer girls going around and dancing so we left quickly.  We liked it so much we took our favorite dancers advice and went back during the day around 4pm.   As she said there was no entry fee and the drinks were a lot cheaper.  When we first got there we weren't sure what to think, nobody was dancing and they were mostly just sitting around.  Once 5pm hit they started dancing on the stage and approaching us, we were the only ones tipping so it was like the girls were dancing just for us (it was nice).  We bought a dance from one girl and told her to come back later, but she never returned.  Another girl approached us after my husband tipped her quite a bit while she was on stage.  Immediately when her songs were over she came to our table thanking us for the tips and asked if we wanted a dance.  My husband paid for a dance even though she wasn't our type and lets just say there was a lot of contact that was unexpected, but very nice;)  She talked to us for a while after the dance and she let us know that most dancers are intimidated by couples, because they don't know if the girl really wants to be there or was dragged along.  So to the couples out there, if you want any attention from the dancers have a good time and let them know you are enjoying yourselves.  We will definitely be back on our next visit.  Thank you OG for a lot of fun.
3	Thank you to the Ladies and Gentlemen of this establishment for inspiring me to keep up with my exercise regimen and healthy diet *wink wink*...Also, thank you for adding some new moves to my already hot and heavy repertoire. :P
4	This review is for the Men of OG. My friend and I had a blast here! A very nice man escorted us to a seat...but we eventually got seated at the stage. The strippers were hot, energetic and very fun!  I enjoyed getting some lap dances from the guys walking the floor. There's private dances too, but I didn't bring extra $$ for that lolOnly drawbacks were the fact that there is a 2 drink minimum and we didn't get our second drink. Our waiter was super busy and couldn't get back to us a second time. (You have to use the same waiter).  The other thing was that we didn't know lap dances were $20 until after our first one. $20 is worth it but I like to know up front. Oh and they ran out of change at the cashier booth lol.  Overall I felt like it was one huge girls night out with the sexiest men I've ever seen.  If you are a timid lady, this is not the place for you. It gets wild. It's Vegas!
4	Gave a review couple of years back and I am updating.  Went with the wife on a Sunday night.  Mary is a waitress that I stronly suggest if you want to have fun and not just looking for a waitress to get money from you.  Take the limo as you save from that and all you are paying for is the 2 drink minimum that if you are not drinking that amount, go back to Iowa.  The women there were all over the place.  Some hot and some not.  We had Lola dance for us and she was hot.  The matre d  was telling me who and who not would rip me off.  which is kind of suspicious so with that...Cash is king there, so leave the credit cards at home.  I would def rec this place to couples
3	Of course the junior achiever male stripper comes up to me. I was thinking to myself "man you better put that away before it catches a cold"... I just stood there. He sort of gyrated around in his matching acid wash jeans and vest. I guess the look on my face was somewhere between pity and disgust as I hurled a dollar at him and tried to fix my face. {....returns to sipping TWO vodka cranberry cocktails...} (see pic)
3	Woooow... I had no idea this place was more famous for their male strippers than their females up until I saw these pictures as I am reviewing. And lucky for me, I was able to experience both! Free limo ride to the club and they pick you up from wherever you're at. Cover is $25 which includes 2 drinks but not gratuity.If you wanna see the male strippers, they take you up the elevator and you'll walk into a room filled with screaming, howling women. The vibe is more fun up here. The guys bring chairs up to the stage and grab birthday girls and bachelorettes to perform lapdances while the entire crowd goes wild.The waitress upstairs was beyond rude. Not only did she question the drinks that we ordered, but basically ordered our drinks for us. On top of that, she FORGOT some drinks. If you're going to suggest how we want our drinks to be made to make YOUR job easier, at least get it right. No apologies, just a scoff and returned to slam our drinks on the table. AND the drinks tasted like shit. I should've just stuck with soda. Our table was still filled with half the drinks when we left to have a better time downstairs.Downstairs with the female strippers has a more sexy, laidback vibe. The girls are just funner to watch because they're more graceful. They have that pole dancing advantage and I love watching them climb up and twirl upside down! The waitresses are a lot nicer here as well.I think I'll just stay downstairs from now on.
4	My review is for the MALE REVIEW (Exotic Male strippers show)Olympic Garden's is my #1 choice for  Bachelorette/Girls Night out!Entry: FREE with purchase of 2 drink minimum at the door ($25)Basically you pay $25 for 2 drinks of your choice (domestic beer, wine, and well spirits) and your entry fee is waived.Days: Wednesday-SundayHours: 8pm-3amThey offer complimentary house limo pick up at your hotel, just tip the limo driver. Message me if you want my friend Joey's number and I will happily connect you with him! When you come in a house limo you will pay the $25 at the door and a host will walk you upstairs to a table or chair seat on the rail. The waitress will greet your group and offer each girl 2 drinks of your choice or to put your tab total towards bottle service. If you choose the 2 drinks you have to order them both at the same time but they don't have to be the same thing so you can order a shot and drink if they suites your fancy. The waitress gratuity is not included in the $25 so make sure you take care of her accordingly. The strippers are not allowed to approach you until you have a drink in your hand. Once you are good and liquored up then WATCH OUT! These guys are there to work and they can be pretty aggressive at times. They will woo you with a gorgeous smile and rock hard body by smoothly asking if they can do a dance for you. Watch out for a tag team where they ask you to buy each other dances. Just make sure you talk to each other about who is buying who what. If you don't want a dance then a polite no thanks or not right now works well. TIP #1: Take a few minutes and check out the scenery and approach the guy you want versus buying something from the first guy who asks. While inside the show you have the option of sitting at the rail and donating $1's to the various entertainers as they shake their junk! Feel free to strategically place dollars between the bride to be's boobies for added excitement ;) If you are really feeling frisky then pick a guy for a personal dance for $20 which is 1 song long or they will usually do deals for 2 songs for $30. You can do a private dance away from the group if you want. For the birthday girl/guest of honor/bachelorette I suggest a stage dance for $40 where she is called up and seated in a chair center stage for 3 minutes of dry humping which might be slightly embarrassing, but wildly hilarious fun. TIP #2: !f you want a stage dance order is as soon as you arrive since sometimes it takes awhile for them to rotate to your dancer. TIP #3: You are allowed to take pictures and video if you wish to get proof of your crazy Vegas adventures!I hope I yelped you!:)
3	I went to Vegas last month with a few girlfriends and we pre planned to go to the OG. We did the VIP package you get a limo ride from your hotel to the club, bottle of bubbly, and 2 drinks for each person and you walk right in and get seated.. not that there was a line to get in... when we first got there I was a little unsure about how I felt and believe me I am NOT a prude.. what I dont like is the guys hover around like a volture waiting for the food to drop.. as soon as they set down our champagne on the table they swarmed us... ok BIG turn off for me.. I dont like to be smothered and told to buy lap dances.. watch out ladies if they dance on you then you need to pay so be careful.. but I knew this ahead of time so they got no lap dances... we sat and watched and got our drink on so we could get in the mood... then I saw one of the dancers standing by himself not bothering anyone and I was said I LIKE him.. he was gorgeous and I liked he wasnt bugging the women! He did a Officer and A Gentlemen dance with a bride to be and it was so sweet and then he danced it was hot.. and then I was like ok he can take $$ out of my cleavage.. heehee... I forget his name he is Cuban and I also liked Carlos he was great and so sweet.. BUT my favorite of all was the server!!! I didnt get his name (he has a shaved head and I think he is hispanic?) but I did talk to him and took a picture with him.. he is a cutie patootie and cuter than some of the dancers!! I flirted with him the most and from hugging him I could tell he has a nice body... loved loved him!! I really do not like guys that are all pushy so the ones that werent throwing themselves on us I liked.... the guys you first see I think are more of the amateurs so they have to do that cause I dont think they get as much $$ but they grossed me out... I would go back though just to see my favorite dancer and of course my cutie pie server!!
4	OK.  I know what happens in Vegas stays there, so I'll tell this story without using names.So, we kill at the craps table.  Friend A meets up with a party broker on the street.  He books us entry, 2 drinks, and a shuttle to the OG for only 20 bucks each.  Sweet.We get there and are sat upon by strippers immediately.  We order our 2 drinks each.  Fun.  Friend A has 2 girls sit on his lap.So, my stripper and I have a long conversation, we went to neighboring high schools. Too funny!  She does her thing, I tip her and she leaves.  At that point I realize I am now alone.  All my buddies have gone to the VIP rooms.I drink all their drinks.  I just sit and enjoy the show.  I spend no more money.  We leave around 5 AM.  Too much fun!We all wake up to go to a work seminar at 8 AM.  Friend A is on the phone with his credit card company.  Turns out he handed his card to a stripper and she hooked him up with the super special VIP rate!  He put about 2 grand into that place!He tried to tell his wife it was stolen.  The credit card charge was to the Olympic Gardens Resturant.  Needless to say, Friend A can not come to our annual trip to Vegas this year, and all my other friends are bringing their wives this year.  Apparently, the VIP rooms are more expensive than I imagined!Nice!Good times!
1	This place is PERFECT for those who never made much of their lives and who';s wallets are thin. It's run down, filthy, old, in a bad part of town, and full of Phillipino "women" who had a sex change! I know the "girls", ones name is Cookie. Look out for her, she'll take all your money and leave you with blue balls and an std! They treat their dancers here terrible and nickel and dime them all the time so what is a dancer to do?? They rip off the customers! This place has had it. and that obese troll named Sasha they keep around for God only knows, is a total bitch who doesn't know the first thing about managing her employees. She's seen regularly yelling at them in front of customers!!!! And harrassing the girls for tips! What the hell did that Jaba the Hut do for them??? Don't go here, it sucks. too many other clubs in Vegas to get trapped and conned in this one!
4	Good place, kept up enough.  Women strippers downstairs, male strippers upstairs.  Gorgeous women everywhere you look, problem is the business.If the business isn't poppin, the strippers may need some clients...thus they will vulture around your penis and your pocket book ALL NIGHT LONG, trying to make you that next sucker to say...VIP room...sure whats that include....But if you know how to say no...its a great place to have a good time.
4	Third time here deserves another review from me. I'm only speaking of the male revue. Both quality and quantity got better. They are all hot and have some serious moves. Your best bet is to take advantage of the limo pickup bc paying $30 just to get in along w the drink minimum leads to a costly night.I have to second another person's comment on the rude limo driver. I hope I don't see him again when I return. The guys do come up to you bu it's a business. I'm sure they don't expect a lot of women to come up to them. Just say no or get a favorite like I have and only go to him.The DJ rocks and the drinks are a bit steep. I paid $13 for a Bailey's but bc of the entertainment, I could've stayed there all night. Drink something before you come and you'll be fine. Kudos to management as Olympic Gardens has raised the bar.
5	Came here for my bachelorette party!  A+  Had a great time, good job guys:)
5	hot hot hot. my husband and i went here and i had a blast. the guys were hot and ripped. I got about ten lap dances sometimes by two guys at a time. the touched my body everywhere as i did the same to rhem. omg i got a private dance and the dancer got really hard so i gave him and my husband blow jobs. was the best night of my life. for those of u who expect free lap dancers u must be dumb no strip club gives free dances and if u r going to b granny prude what the hell r u doing in a strip club. this place is awesome
5	Went here a few nights ago with a friend for a first time strip club experience. Definitely a night I won't forget despite being completely intoxicated before, during and after. Thank you Aloha for making my Vegas vacation so memorable :)
5	**This review if for the Men of OG**I had very high hopes for my recent trip to OG for my bachelorette party...these hopes were met and exceeded!There were 7 of us in total. I had booked an online package that included a limo ride from the Monte Carlo, admission, and two drinks per person. The limo arrived on time and was in constant contact.When we arrived at OG, it took just a second to check ID's and find my reservation and we were whisked inside. You have to walk on the outskirts of the female stripper area to get to the stairs. There was a quiet, sensual vibe. No one was talking and the music was fairly quiet. As we ascended the stairs, we noticed the booming music and the shrieks of happy women. And then, the party was fucking on.We got seated and our waiter came over immediately. We decided to get a bottle (it was just a few bucks more and then we could decide on the strength of our drinks). As the booze is being placed on our table we see a wall of unbelievably attractive men walking our way. A simple "No thank you, we want to get a drink down before any decisions are made" was enough to give us some time to browse. When I found one I liked, my friends arranged for me to be double-teamed up on stage. So fun. We got most of my girls lap dances right in front of us so we could laugh and take pictures (we have over 300 from that night). All in all, it was probably the most fun I have ever had with my girls.Let me take a moment to talk about 3 of the men in particular. Jimmy(**see below) was my first pick. He had boyish good looks and incredible balancing skills :). He was also polite and not pushy. We got most of our dances from him. Carlos is fucking beautiful. He asked me if there was anyone that I thought needed a dance. I had one friend who was so mesmerized but pretty shy. I asked him to give her a few minutes to get some booze ingested. He came back later and she was as ready as she was ever going to be. I asked him to be gentle, and he was very considerate of my requests and her bashfulness. The guys really feed off of your energy. If you slap them, they will be rough with you. If you look scared, they will be sweet instead of crude.I need a new paragraph for Spartacus. I can't even...I don't...I need a moment. You still there? I'm sorry but I don't think I have enough words in my vocabulary to discuss how hot he is. We couldn't get enough. When he wasn't dancing for us, our eyes followed him around the room to watch him dance for other women. He. Is. A. God. I can only hope that he is still there when the next of my friends gets married so we can all bask in his tanned glory once more.There were only 2 guys out of 20(?) I wasn't impressed with, mainly because they were just shitty dancers and seemed bored. Every other guy WORKED his ass off for his money. Expect us back as soon as we can get someone else married!**In the first version of this review, I mistakenly called Jimmy, Ricky. I'm glad someone (who will remain nameless) pointed out this egregious error. All I can say for myself is the combination of booze and hot bodies gave me brain damage. Apologies to Jimmy...we love you!
1	Bad don't waste your money Dancers are very greedy ! And are very pushy take it from a local go to hustlers for male strippers its ran by a female and very kick back atmosphere Ogs is not how it used to be very shady!
1	This place was ghetto, in a bad area and the staff was extremely unfriendly. Once I got there I didn't even want to go inside but I did anyway and immediately regretted it. There are tons of clubs in Vegas, go somewhere else!
2	I was here on Friday night with 7 friends, 6 female, 1 male for my bachelorette party. I have very conflicting feelings about this establishment. The positives are that the men here are GORGEOUS. Incredible specimens. My mouth was ajar the entire night. One of the men in particular, Jimmy, was absolutely incredible. Not only was he the most attractive guy in that place, he was a total sweetheart and gave my friend the best lap dance in the history of lap dances. Ladies, invest in a Jimmy lap dance. It's worth every penny. We spent the entire night laughing. It was great. The minute we got there the guys swarmed us- I could see some people feeling overwhelmed, but we loved it. Now, on to the negative. This club is absolutely, positively homophobic. The 1 male we brought with our party (one of my best friends on this earth- he is an incredible human being and is drop dead gorgeous) was completely ignored the entire night. The guys on stage wouldn't even touch the money that he put out for them. When I inquired about getting him a lap dance, the dancers said that they were not allowed to dance for men. I confronted the guy running security, asking why my friend was being so poorly treated, and his response was that "this is a straight club". That is segregation, and they should be ashamed of themselves.
4	The Olympic Garden (or OG) is one of the better party-atmosphere strip clubs in Vegas with a female revue on the ground floor (ladies working the pole and offering lap dances) and a male revue upstairs (ripped dudes dancing for ladies).Price:Locals driving themselves get in free.  Non-locals coming in their own car buy 2 drinks upfront (about $25).  Anyone coming in a taxi will have to pay extra (about $30).Talent:- If you're here to watch the ladies, the talent's a little lackluster.  The ladies dancing seem tired and they're not physically at the level of a Spearmint Rhino or Sapphire.  That said, there's plenty of working the room and it produces a nice party atmosphere.  Just know that the dancers aren't going to take your breath away.- If you're looking to watch men dance, you'll have a great time.  I brought a bachelorette party here and they said the male revue was over the top crazy and the woman were all having a great time.Bottom line for the guys: if you're looking to drop thousands of dollars on insanely hot women, this ain't your strip club.  If you're looking for a down to earth place to hang out for awhile and be entertained, it's a solid choice.Bottom line for the ladies: this is your place in Vegas if you want male strippers.
2	Went there for a friends birthday.  Warning the male dancers are pretty aggressive.  I've been to more than my fair share of ladies nights etc.  Generally if you say you are uncomfortable with touching the dancers respect that and spread the word to the other dancers.  Here not so much.  The first guys who came up asked if we wanted to buy lap dances for each other.  I said no and going to say I'm happy the first one that came up to me looked a lot like a friend of mine so I didn't get too bitchy.  Paid for both of them to give her a lap dance.  The next guy took it pretty badly when I said straight out "thank you but not interested".  And dude if you are reading this it isn't cause of colour or anything else. You are yummy looking.  You all just need some body language courses in that place.I was quite happy to watch my friend have all the attention but had quite a few of the dancers come over and be handsy with me along with one who insisted that he was going to work on the fact that I don't like to touch or be touched by people I don't know.  The performances were really fun and whooten the guys are really attractive and fun to watch but they are BAD at boundaries.  So expect to be pressured to have lap dances and if you are used to having respectful male dancers dont expect it here.This was a pretty horrid time for me.  Great time for my friend.
4	This review is based on a trip to OG with 8 guys for a bachelor party, so everything that follows are the approx group consensus. About half of us were first-timers. Also, we went here as well as Sapphire, so a lot of both this and the related Sapphire review will inevitably compare the two places.Price:Sophie set us up with a BOGO bottle deal that came out to $500 for two bottles. We were a bit surprised by the tip + gratuity (aren't they the same?) and particularly by the way our waitress explained it to us, but I guess the same thing happened at Sapphire. Dances were $20, which again is standard? Some of the guys ended up spending quite a bit even though the dancers here were a bit less aggressive.Atmosphere:We had a corner booth that was pretty private and seated all of us comfortably. There were a few complaints about not being able to see the dancers on stage very well, but otherwise I think we preferred the semi-privacy.Dancers:The general consensus here is that the girls were in the B range as far as looks went, but they were mostly enthusiastic and less restrictive re: contact.Overall, between the girls and the booze everyone had a pretty good time, including the bachelor. Also, an unnamed person woke up on the sidewalk with no recollection of how he ended up there, so that by itself is probably worth a star, amirite?A few last tips:- call Sophie (lmgtfy is your friend) to get set up for bottle service if you have a large-ish group. don't get the package deals online - they're insanely overpriced- always always call for free+tip limo pickup, but expect to have to cab back
3	One night in Vegas a while back, my gurl friends & I thought we'd have some fun. My friend "J" is a resident, so we got in for free - otherwise, we would've had to pay I think $20 each. The upstairs male strippers were far from hot & closer to disappointing.OK, maybe some of them were jacked & good-looking, but we didn't find them very appealing. When we first got there, a couple of them immediately insisted that I buy my friend a surprise lap dance for 20 bucks. That was annoying because they wouldn't leave us alone.There was a group of girls near us, I guess they decided to buy their friend a lap dance. The stripper looked like he was giving a chair a lap dance: he didn't seem to know how to turn her on, & the girl likewise looked a bit bored/annoyed, like she was thinking "ok let's get this over with sister, you're clearly into guys". Then this male stripper approached our group & told us he's actually a prince from some faraway island, Fiji or something. Over the years, from friends going to strip joints for fun, I've heard all sorts of backstories - they're doing it for college money, they have a kid, they're actually a virgin, they're poor & don't have a choice, etc. So this was new - he's some exotic prince that left home to fulfill his grand dreams of becoming a Vegas stripper. Sounds like Buddha's story....in reverse. Or its porn version.One of the strippers onstage started sexy hip-hop dancing in his black undies, black socks & sneakers. Srsly there's just no way for all of those things to go together & be sexy. To the male strippers of Olympic Garden, take tips from Magic Mike & get it right.Downstairs was clearly where the party was at. The female strippers were super hot, some were cute, & I remember seeing 1 that I figured would be the one for me. If I were a guy, or bi. All in all, it was a fun night. But it was most entertaining downstairs (female strippers) not upstairs (male strippers).
5	Oh my god.  How does this place not have five stars?  I have never seen so many women so happy in my entire life.  And I'm one of them.  I lost all my cash and my voice while screaming in excitement all night, and I didn't even realize I was doing it.  So worth it.
2	Ugh. This place has both men and women. We peeped out the men first, which are "available" until 1am. Not impressed at all. The stage is a little large, and they won't even come over to you unless you throw yourselves at them, which I'm not doing. Sex appeal just wasn't there and I won't compete with the crazies that are laying all over the stage to get his attention. Also-bought my friend a lap dance and it was $20. Completely over priced for a old man slinging his junk around in a dirty looking banana hammock. Ewww.The women- Much better view than the men. Out of the maybe 10 or so that we saw, I'd say half of them had moves (one a couple on the pole but most at least knew how to shake what they had, unlike Saphirre). There were a couple girls that would throw their boob in your face, a couple that were boring and one that was just old.Now, the drinks. I paid $12 for a damn Stella. $10 for a watery vodka-cran. I couldn't believe this. AND you have to buy at least two drinks per card. Not only this, but this is what really pissed me off: I bought the two drinks at separate times. The second time, the woman told me that for all debit and credit transactions, they put a $50 OR $100 hold on your card. The first chick didn't tell me this and the next day I get a call from my bank asking if my card had fraud charges. IN ADDITION TO THIS: The first woman that ran my card, gave me the receipt to sight and a carbon copy that she made, with the card number and expiration date printed on it and asked me to sign it. I've NEVER seen this in my life and asked why that was necessary ad she said it was to match the signatures?I will probably never go back here unless I strictly pay with cash. The money issue is what made me upset. the ladies weren't bad.
5	I'm seriously shocked by some of the poor reviews written about the Men of OG.  I had the great pleasure of experiencing this wonderful establishment during the 1st weekend of May for my Bachelorette/30th birthday extravaganza.  Prior to this weekend I had never been to a male strip club and was warned by friends to not expect Magic Mike, but more of the cheesy fanfare.  Boy, were my friends wrong.    All I can say is AH-mazing!!!We walked up to the 2nd floor and I was immediately amazed by the half naked bodies walking around the room and the men performing skits on stage (e.g., man dressed up as a fireman lights a match and has my friend blow it out and continues to strip out of his gear. I'm about to faint just thinking about it).  The ladies in the audience were pumped and wild, which added to the crazy, intense atmosphere.  Most of the male dancers were very handsome and had gorgeous bodies.  They were respectable, but yes some of them can be pushy. I don't mind because I work in sales and I get they need to make $$$. All you have to do is say no thank you and they will leave you alone.  A lap dance costs ~$20 and $40 gets you a lap dance on stage.  I think these prices are well worth the experience!  Pros:1. Tony aka Spartacus2. Carlos3. Jimmy4. Limo pick up5. ATM $1.00 surcharge fee6. The dancers and staff were all very nice and friendlyCons:1. One of the dancers whipped his penis (which was clothed in a banana hammock) across my face and I really didn't want it, nor like it.2. The drinks are pretty weak3. After the waiter delivers your two drinks he/she disappears to never be seen againThe pros (especially #1...I love you Tony!) definitely outweigh the cons, so I will still award OG 5 stars! I had so much fun that I returned a 2nd night and me and two of my bridesmaids shut the place down.  I highly recommend this place for any birthday, bachelorette, or girls' night out.  Tips: I highly recommend going on Friday and Saturday nights (off days = no fun), don't violate the men (that's just plain rude)Thanks for the fun time OG...I definitely plan to return in the near future!
5	Dude! Go whether you like boys or girls you'll have an amazing night. Bring lots of cash. The guys are hot!
4	I must say that this place has exceeded its reputation. I am very glad that I gave OG the opportunity to prove all the naysayers wrong. I was part of a 16 guy bachelor party and we all had a BLAST! Sophie was AWESOME to work with, she took care of us right up until we got inside the doors, keeping in close touch via email and text message. Sophie had a limo pick us up at dinner and the limo driver was very prompt and provided a good service. He also offered to take us from the OG to our next destination if we needed it. Once inside, we were bombarded with very attrative girls--we all had a great time! None of us had any issues with mischarges on our cards or paying for anything extra--we all had a great time and were treated very well by Sophie and the OG Staff. I would highly recommend anyone get in touch with Sophie for any bachelor party needs.GREAT TIME!
5	Most of you girls writing reviews forget that stripping is a profession.  It is also ADULT ENTERTAINMENT!.   If you scared go to church or go to salt lake city for your male strippers and see what they got to offer  hahahaha.  The men gotta do what they gotta do to make a living.   I could understand the shitty drinks or mean limo driver ,  but girls complaining about pushy guys and a penis slap on the face is BS. This is how it goes down in Vegas.  Hello... did you forget the nickname SIN CITY?  I have taken my wife here a couple of times and my wife loved it.   I go to many strip clubs (i am straight male) and i love if a girl slaps me in the face with their titty or puts my face in her crotch.  If the girls are pushy all i do is keep talking and try to get them to sit on my lap for free while i bullshit and get free feels.  Get my drift ladies.  Give it a shot .  Enjoy yourself.  Your in VEGAS BITCH!  This ain't the holy land.
5	It was a very entertaining night here. As soon as we walked in for a bachelorette party, two other bachelorette parties were leaving and insisted we request Isaac. Well we did and we were not disappointed. For $40 you can put the bachelorette on stage for a lap dance and for another $20 you can get a 2nd stripper so she can have one in front and back.  There were about 8 bachelorette parties there. I did not know us women were that insane when it comes to almost naked men dancing in front of us. Watching other women get tea bagged on the forehead is pretty freakin hilarious and boy do they enjoy it. I'm not sure if all drinks are $13 but I ordered a well vodka/cran and a ciroc/cran and a redbull/well vodka and all of them were $13. The men will not come up to you unless you have a drink. They were polite and didn't bug. Although one guy seemed a little upset when I requested Issac. One pro that can very well be a con is that they allow photos of the men. Great for memories... not some much if your fiance gets a hold of them haha. Over all very good and memorable times here!
5	Holy sweet mother of God....I have never seen so many perfect men in my entire life...I am still shocked that these men actually exist...I will daydream about my lap dance for the next few weeks...So yes, if you are not into the cheesy "Chip and Dale-ish" male strip joints, this place will hit the spot! Guys getting their dance (non cheesy) moves on while rockin' a hot pair of Nikes.... Yes please! Olympic Gardens also has great deals and promotions! We got a free limo ride, and two drinks with a 25 dollar cover... YES!  PS. There is a female strip club downstairs so guy-girl groups can have their fun without having to compromise!
1	the worst gentlemens club ive ever been to! i was charged $240 for a 15 minute dance! my bar tab was $100 for 4 drinks! they will steal your money! avoid at all costs!
2	As a gay man, I came here to support one of my best friends at a bachelor party. Even though I informed every stripper that approached me that I am gay and not interested, two of them proceeded to give me simultaneous lap dances against my will. I told them to stop, but I couldn't exactly push them off of me without getting into trouble with security. Then they had the nerve to charge me. Yes, I was at a strip club, so I kind of brought this all on myself, but I feel the need to comment because, geez, if the strippers are that pushy with an openly gay dude I can't imagine how pushy they would be with a straight dude who didn't want a lap dance. There are guy strippers upstairs but the club has a strick "NO GAYS" policy, so gay guys really aren't welcomed here. If you have a group of ladies/bachelorette party and plan on inviting gay friends, you should call ahead and make sure they will be allowed in with you upstairs (perhaps OG might make exceptions if notified in advance, but I honestly doubt it).Maybe its just me, but can we get with the times people? It's 2013; gays and straights hang out together. I'm not saying cater to gay people, just make us feel reasonably welcomed if we come with a straight group.
3	Well, let's just say we had fun. I was planning my sister's bachelorette party and of course a strip club was on the agenda. I looked all over the place and found a lady named sophie that offered a package for $40, which included limo to the venue, no line, no cover, free shot and $25 credit to the bar. Not too shabby, until they off her a bottle for $45 with mixers. The only catch is that you no longer get the shot or the $25 credit to the bar. At this point I had a lot to drink so I wasn't in the mood to haggle or find out why we paid more then lost out on both those things.Definitely use cash, using a card could be just plain messy. Also when you are seated the men come straight to you and try to get dances out of you, just tell them no; some will leave with an attitude and others will just kindly walk awayThe dancers were up to par body wise, but some of their attitudes were down right shitty. I get the fact that your there about making money but some of us are there for our friends. There were some that had good "personalities" so obviously they received more attention. If your there celebrating something they pull the main girl on stage but that costs an extra $40, this place definitely tries to squeeze money out of you DO NOT FALL FOR IT !!Definitely worth trying once in your life.PS...Limo does not take you back to the strip, I texted him to see how much a ride back would be and he quoted me for $80, ha yeah right
5	Had a really great time here at OG. Contact Sophie for reservations. Tina is an awesome cocktail waitress and made sure our drinks were flowing.
4	It was just me and my girlfriend to celebrate my birthday.  I had no real interest in visiting the club because I've gone on other occasions in years past, and while fun, I never considered it a must-do for every trip to Vegas.  But since it was my birthday, my girlfriend said "let's just go for the heck of it...we'll stay for an hour...get a lap dance (maybe 2), call it a night...and leave for a nightclub."  I agreed under those circumstances!I honestly don't remember OG being this much fun on any of my previous visits.  We planned on staying for an hour and we ended up staying 'til the place shut down.  WHAT?  Had a great time!Now I don't know why we were first asked to pay a $25 cover...and then told to pay $30.  I clearly heard about 3 door guys state to the staff that we arrived in a limo.  We then again confirmed directly with the cashier we came in a limo.  But then we were told it was $30.  Didn't quite understand.  But we paid anyway.Upon arrival, do take your time and scope out the guys you really like - and get a VIP dance.  I had one $20 dance (upon my arrival) and that was the only $20 dance I got all night.  My girlfriend then took it upon herself to get me a VIP dance with Carlos...and all I can say is, "I did not care how much the VIP dance cost"... the remainder of all my dances (with about 4 other guys) were all VIP, which is a reflection that there is a nice selection of eye candy over there.  THAT SAID, I'm embarrassed to admit how much we spent that night.  The boys (at least the handful of boys that were fortunate to connect with us that night) made REALLY good money from us.  They were all kind and wonderful and their fun personalities, good dancing (and hot bodies) made it all worth it.OG should've comped our covers when we left simply for the amount of business we generated for the guys that night...considering it was only 2 of us ;-)  Of course, I say this now, because we barely had any money back for transportation back to our hotel...hahaha.  The only reason I took one star away was because of the cover confusion...and I didn't think the club (waitresses, cashier, bar) took any particularly good care of us considering how much we were spending (I mean, I could've bought a pair of Louis Vuitton shoes...maybe 2 pairs).  Or offered us transportation back to the hotel, I dunno...something!  Not sure I would go out of my way to return, but maybe if there was some promo offered or a comped cover(s) for my group...I mean, considering I would guarantee paying for the VIP dances ;-)Regardless, thanks for my fun birthday, OG!  And allowing me some reckless abandon in a controlled setting :D
5	When I saw Magic Mike (which I did, of course, with four of the ladies in my bachelorette party), I assumed it was the rare strip club that featured men as beautiful as Channing Tatum and Alex Pettyfer. Apparently that rare strip club is The Olympic Garden.*My friends and I came to The OG on the first night of my bachelorette weekend in Vegas, along with many other like-minded bachelorettes.  They kept me in the dark about where we were going, so when the limo arrived, I just hopped in and enjoyed the ride.  The limo was a great touch, included with The OG package.  We were like eight girls on prom night, going to meet our (super hot) dates.When we arrived at our destination, I took in the signage and quickly figured out we were at a strip club.  This was not entirely unexpected, but I laughed and squealed with some measure of drunken excitement.  I'd never been to a strip club before.  We paid cover, with my girls getting mine, then got escorted past the first floor of female strippers to a stairway, where the man helping us asked if we wanted to pay an extra $40 or so for a table with a handle of vodka.  We said yes.We had pre-gamed a bit, but when we sat at our table, we knew, collectively, that we hadn't drank enough.  We gawked at the men writhing on stage, and at the mortifying lap dances happening all around us.  When the strippers started swarming our table, we turned them away, waiting instead for the delivery of our drinks.  The vodka was a long time coming - too long, really - but when it finally arrived, we went right to work.  We got quite a lot of it, with two mixers (juice and soda, I think, but I can't be sure).  At one point, my friend went and bought water, which cost $10 for a tiny bottle.  That's (one of the many ways) how they get you, I guess.We got loaded, and after that, the night was a complete blast.  We stayed for three or four hours and had an amazing time.  The strippers were gorgeous, built like statues, gleaming with pheromones.  Several of them had faces to match, which almost seemed unnecessary.  They performed on a stage that went through the center of the room, generally one at a time (alas, no group dance routines), and they were excellent dancers.  One in particular caught our eye, as well as the heart of one of my bridesmaids.  His name was Tyson, and my friends bought me a lap dance on stage.  It was kind of embarrassing, but I was busted up drunk.  Thankfully, Tyson didn't put my hand on his junk, as some of the strippers did to girls here and there.  I think the men are decent at gaging comfort levels, and I was not giving off touchy vibes.  Still, there are some very incriminating pictures on way too many cell phones.  I think part of the fun of these lap dances is that the strippers put you in compromising poses.  There isn't too much actual contact, but the lap dances are fun to watch.Which I know because almost everyone in my group got one at one point or another.  I bought one on stage for my maid of honor, from Carlos, another lovely man (who was also, by all reports, incredibly sweet).  It cost $40 - certainly worth four small bottles of Evian.  The dances on the floor cost $20, and by the end of the night, we were all buying them for each other, taking turns getting grinded on and hooting and snapping pictures.  I didn't get all the dancers' names, but I know one of my friends had Jimmy, who was almost butt naked, and one of them had a good-looking black man in glasses.  She was smitten with this stripper, so much so that when we got back to our hotel, we called The OG to at least learn his name - we just wanted to know what to call the love of her life.  We were denied.We had so much fun here that we almost went back the second night of my bachelorette.  If I hadn't gotten pukey, I think we might have ended up back at The OG.At some point, I figured out that The OG stood for The Olympic Garden, and I thought, as I'm sure most Angelenos have, "That sure sounds like a Korean restaurant."  I may never be a bachelorette again, but my friends and I are thoroughly enamored of this club.  We'll be back for another round of all you can eat beefcake before the next one gets a ring.*I will note that the club in Magic Mike is remarkably white, but what do you expect from Hollywood?  Diversity that reflects the actual demographics of the depicted population?  Haha, oh you.
3	I write as a Non-US-Citizen, so this post maybe especially interesting for foreigners (but of course also for US citizens), looking for a strip club in Las Vegas. We were six guys on a Bachelor Party.The deal: We choosed the "Bachelor Bottle Bash!" with 2 bottles for the price of one (350 Dollar), no waiting line, no cover charge, free limo ride. We did the reservations four days prior to our Vegas trip per mail, not per registration form, because it didnt work on our mobile phones. The realization: Unfortunately, we got no response from the OGs until we called them on the day we wanted to have some fun with some nice girls. Everything fine, they explained us, the limo would arrive at 10 pm in front of the Luxor. But there was no limo at 10 pm, at least from our point of view. Still waiting (it was 10.45pm and we were already looking for another strip club) a guy (obviously the driver) came to us and said the he is waiting for a Bachelor Pary he should give a limo ride to the OGs. We were surprised but thought "at least" and entered the limo. Maybe a mistake, but our Bachelor was already somehow disappointed (his last days in freedom, ya know).The limo ride was free. We tiped the driver 12 $ and went to the entrance in pleasant anticipation, but the guy managing the line/reservation said, that he couldnt find us on his list...somehow strange, because the limo driver said something different. The situation was definately not amusing, what sould we do. We asked the manager if we could arrange another deal. 45 $ entrance, but no waiting in line, one drink for free and 125 bucks (25 $ p.p.) for one bottle (but not one for free). So instead of 65 $ p.p. (of cource the groom didnt had to pay for anything), everyone paid 70 $, five bucks more than the reservation package did promise and no second bottle for free. Good deal for the OG s, I guess. We finally got in and got a separete booth (which was to small for six guys) and two additionals chairs, but no free drink (as originally promised). Our waitress (forgot her name) was nice and helpful, but after one hour we didnt see her nice butt anymore.The girls: So far the evening was somehow disapponting - until the girls took care of us. Nearly all of them were very friendly and those we choose did some awesome lap dances (20 $ per dance). Most of them were really beautiful (as far I could see in the dark) and the best girls were from the US, I swear.For me it was my second time in a strip club and I was surprised what I was allowed to do. I was allowed to touch them nearly everywhere I wanted to (which was not allowed in Lace`s, a gentlemens club in NY a few days ago). The girls tried to sell as many lap dances they could - but a clear "No thank you, I m fine" finished their offfer. So stopp moaning about their "pushing" behavior.Of course are lap dances part of the girl s business. But that`s the way you can get an extraordinary good one (including ur hands nearly everywhere on her body):- show interest in the girl s personality: Ask her something (name, where she is from, does she do some sports...).- tell her that you like her body, her hair, her eyes (every woman likes that).- tell her that you are on a bachelor party (somehow makes them horny, dont know why)There were three girls, we liked most: 1. Stacy (or Kacy) from San Francisco. She was a beginner, but very charming, with the best body I have ever seen. Damn, I still daydream of her.2. Kim, another US girl; two of us got a lap dance from her, which was the best dance they got on this evening. USA WTF!!3. and a bit older girl from Caracas (Venzuela), who was very, very passionate (OMG).In conclusion: The girls are worth a visit. The evening could have been great, if the organization would have been better. If I book a package, I expect the club to do its job. Pay cash - if you need more, there is a ATM machine.3 out of 5 stars.
1	Your welcome in advance: the dudes were lazy so were the girls smh literally for like her whole set she stood there n did nothing n it was like amateur night. all the strippers had okay to funny shaped bodies. it was apparent that dancing wasn't important all they cared about was getting dances but they failed to realize if they entertained is on stage they would hv gotten lap dances. the pole on the stage was purely for looks none of the girls used it, waste of $25pp and I brought a grp of 7 they ripped us off. the drinks are nasty n watered down and they tried selling us a smirnoff bottle for $50 smh ended up paying another $40 to get a ride back with their limo since ours was nowhere to be found overall very lackluster & disappointing here's my  tip dont go
1	$30 cover, NO. Water $10, NO.Ugly girls, NO.Sexy men upstairs, were way better than the ratchet ass women strippers. Upstairs was way more lively. They place is dirty. It irks me still. Overall, I WOULD NOT COME BACK HERE. I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN WITH THE $30 COVER CHARGE.
1	Came here with a large group of friends and we all had the same unpleasant experience. A stripper sat down in my lap uninvinted, then proceeded to demand money as soon as I explained I didn`t want a lap dance. I have never been to such a ripoff place in my life.Also, the club was so dark that I couldn`t even see the face or features of the person next to me. Would not recommend this place to any one.
1	I went here last year when I was living in Vegas at the beginning of the year I was living at Harrah's Hotel and Casino and I went here on the party bus the girls did not take off their panties for eight thousand bucks and I just had core surgery and they force me to say yes to authorize each of my credit cards too cancel out I will never go back is just a strip club stupid place in America where women are degraded instead of socialize with and fell in love with
5	The women were gross. And lazy. And crawling on the floor and stumbling. And doing this weird ass banging on the pole. Don't even bother. The 5 stars are strictly for the gents upstairs. This was the first time visiting a male-dancing strip club. Never in my wildest dreams did I think I would enjoy this experience as much as I did. My lady friends took me here for my bachelorette party. I was so nervous going up those stairs, not knowing what to expect. As soon as we got there, the men lined up and my friends asked me which one I wanted a dance from. Uhhhhh, idk, can we sit down and talk first so I can get to know each one?! hahaha just kidding. I really couldn't pick one as they were all hard bodied and decent enough in the face. One of my friends chose a guy for me. He whispered in my ear not to be nervous and really put me at ease. It didn't take long at all for me to get comfortable. We stayed for hours, buying each other dances left and right. Even my lesbian friends loved it and wanted to stay! The boys were sneaky in trying to persuade you to buy dances for your friends, but none were pushy. If you tell them no, they go away.The men could dance and they abso-fucking-lutely worked the sexy factor. They were friendly, full of smiles, and totally impressed our whole group. These boys worked hard for their money. I would easily go back,  again and again and again. They gave you just the right amount of dirty without being disgusting or uncomfortable about it. It was definitely the highlight of my amazing bachelorette weekend in Vegas. This is what girls are supposed to do, right? Then get on it! Limo service, drinks, hot men that make you feel like the sexiest girl in the world.....uhhh stop reading and reserve now! I was so impressed that I told my fiancee he has to immediately work on his Magic Mike skills. So far so good. These men were amazing, but don't hold a candle to my sexy love, Jon A.
4	My girlfriends took me to OG for my birthday.  The men were very good looking and in excellent shape.  There were plenty of them strutting their stuff around.  Each of us got private lap dances. Let's just say I enjoyed the dance a lot and couldn't keep my hands off the guy.  I wouldn't mind going back again and again.
4	Went there two nights in a row, the second night was after Spearmint Rhino, got tired of seeing too many fake boobs at Spearmint, we decided to go back to OG. We had bottle service on both nights, I loved the private booth with curtains ! And this club was small, cozy and fun! Not overly crowded and the smokes were not that bad. I think bottle service is much better deal than paying covers and individual drinks, a 750ml Ketel one vodka, mixers, red bull, tips for $330. Of course plus lots of lap dances and tips for the girls. We took the unfished bottle back to our hotel. The girls there were super friendly, seemed they were all friends too. A little girl followed me back to our table, just decided to hang out the entire night, it was fun! She even used the money I tipped her to tip the girl on the stage? WTH! Haha, silly little girl! This is a must go for me every time I am in Vegas for sure! Always call them first to order packages or a bottle for complimentary limo pickup, and no cover charge. Ps. Male strippers upstairs, yuk!! Hell no!!!
1	I really wanna tear into this place, but long story short, if you want to go to a Strip Club with both Male and Female dancers, this place is that. Not much else. Tip: Before you buy a lap dance, make sure you watch them dance for a bit beforehand, as there are some serious discrepancies in talent, ranging from a Cirque du Soleil reject (that's a compliment, by the way) to an actual turrets sufferer.
4	We (25-35) couple visited Vegas for Thanksgiving 2013 and debated to which strip club to go to. Out of countless Vegas' options we decided to visit OG for the prospect of seeing male and female strippers under one roof. And to our surprise we so much enjoyed OG! Totally recommend it! Longer description: Before going to OG we did a yelp research on Vegas Strip Clubs and were a little hesitant even to go anywhere. Most of the reviews on almost all Strip Clubs are written by men that were "milked" by strippers for lots of money and obviously they were upset with the whole experience. We learned that most of the strip clubs would make you feel like you were their "milking cow" and strippers would be pushy and rude if we didn't spend a lot of money. Although we were hesitant, we decided to go ahead and try our luck; hence we were already in the Sin City!We arrived at OG very early (9:30 PM) on Sunday hence we made other arrangements for that night (going to Hakkasan where we had a great time). I will be honest; both of us were nervous and were on a look out before entering the club. But as soon as we walked in, we were greeted by Tony a short-stocky man who was a manager that night. He was very pleasant and as we exchanged couple of words with him we started feeling at ease. He checked our IDs, stamped our wrists and said if we had to leave and comeback he would let us in anytime within 24 hours. He also didn't charge us the entry fee but asked us to buy few drinks while were there.The club has 2 floors; the first one has female dancers and the second has male ones. So we were set at the table and immediately our server came by and asked us for drinks. The drinks came out really well done. Few minutes later one of the dancers stopped by our table to complement me (female) and chatted a little. She didn't ask to dance for us or anything because I think she saw that we were having a good time by ourselves. So she wished us good times and left. And here is what really made our experience even better. A young dancer set at our table and started chatting with us. She was really cute! She was laid back and we started talking about LV and all that. I actually was waiting to see if she was genuinely interested in a tourist couple or was it just to ease us up into endless lap dances. I was surprised that after quite some time she didn't even offered any. I think my BF felt that we needed to let her know that if she had other prospects she should move on and not waste her time on us. We were not gonna get any lap dances just because we wanted to go to that Techno Club first and on the way back, at night to come back to OG and only after that have even more fun. So politely he told her that we just chilling and didn't want to waste her time, to what she responded, "Well I have nothing else to do at this time and if you don't mind I would like to just chit chat with you, before I go on the stage :)". She said it in such a cute way that I felt very good about her and dancers in general. I wish we could have stayed and not go anywhere but we had to leave. So as soon as she went on stage, we tipped her and got moving. Before we left we decided to go upstairs and check out male dancers. There were girls sitting around the dance floor and one dancer on the stage. Other dancers were sitting behind the dance floor and just waiting for new costumers. As soon as we set down at the table, one and then the other dancer came by to chit chat and ask if we were going to order a dance. We politely rejected and kept on drinking at our table.So to our regret, we could not make it back to OG that night but if we ever back in LV...OG is our choice of entertainment!
1	Boring and inattentive girls; I had a better time at a rural Oklahoma strip club. One girl was on her cell phone while she gave a table dance. My husband tried to tip the stage girl and she ignored him. Not that I go to many strip clubs, but in the 5 minutes I have been back at the hotel bar, I have had more fun than the two hours wasted at OG's. We were told by one employee that our first 2 drinks would be compensated- then the floor manager made us pay the entire tab. What a disappointment for Vegas. You'd get more action in a shopping mall lingerie department.
1	Worst strip club for your money.  $66 to get in for me and my wife on a Sunday night.  Recommended by cab driver and valet at NY NY so we assumed it was good.  BAD assumption.  90% of girls have guts.  Definitely a third rate strip club.  Do not waste 1 dollar here.  Go to Spearmint Rhino!
1	Be careful at this place.  You have been warned.  They are thieves who have no shame in cheating, stealing and manipulating their patrons.I was drunk and collapsed in the mens bathroom.  Security saw me in my state, instead of helping me out of the complex, they took me to a VIP booth, ordered me 2 coffees and 2 waters ($40 charge + tip).  Next thing I know, I have 3 strippers all over me... massaging my back trying to help me.... so I thought.  They stole my cash (thankfully they left $3 in there for a cab) and on 3 separate occasions tried to use my credit cards.  Unfortunately, 1 of the transactions was processed - thankfully the bank did NOT honor the payment after I complained.This place is skanky and the staff are even worse.
1	Awful service. Disrespectful staff. My husband ordered a beer from a waitress, gave her 100. Never came back with beer or change. When my husband, a combat veteran, complained he was grabbed by "security" and told to leave. I spoke to manager for several minutes who told me there was nothing he could do. It was the waitress' word against my husband's. So yes let's take a stripper's word over a combat veteran who fought and served our country. My sister was charged twice for one lap dance. Another friend was told he wouldn't get his ID or Visa back until he signed the check which included 240 worth of bullshit charges. I didn't expect much but I was seriously shocked at how shady and underhanded everyone was. Two thumbs way way down.
1	Awful service.  The strippers are thieves.  The bartenders are unfiendly and bitter and the management is even worse.  Horrible Horrible establishment..... you can get better service just about anywhere else.  Overpriced, understaffed and overrated.  Our group of 10 girls were VERY disappointed. We stayed only a half hour (too long.)
2	Yeah they have both male and female dancers but all of them are not good dancers! First with the women there was only 4 that got us hot n bothered and made us wanna tip the rest was boring! Now the men all of them had on basketball shorts so unattractive and such a turn off! There was only 3 attractive ones the others were to skinny are just ugly! I had more fun with the ladies! 2 female dancers that was twins approached the male we was with who is artistic and just turned his chair around and started dancing on him without even asking if he wanted a dance we stopped them and told them that we are only paying for 1 dancer they had the nerve to say that but were twins he have to pay for both! The hell we won't let's just say we payed for 1 dancer! The drinks was weak and watered down so get drunk before you get there! lol What we did enjoy was the party bus that came and got us from our hotel to the club and back. We got a deal from a promoter on the strip $30 for party bus transportation,entry in the club and 2 drinks! The staff was ignoring us I guess because we was 5 women and 1 man. They payed more attention to the male patrons but the crazy thing is we was tipping way more than there male patrons who made them do all kinds of tricks for only 1 dollar and we was making it RAIN ON DEM H@ES!!!!!! LOL
1	Never again...live and learn.  Cheap vodka for an expensive price.  Even our waiter told us we should go drink somewhere else. We took his advice...walked a couple of blocks away and had drinks at Aruba.  Had fun at aruba...got 6 shots of grey goose for the same price as half a shot at OG.  Then walked back to OG because OG had to give us a limo ride back to Ceasars ..lol
1	Horrible please do not go here I went here last year and they cleared our VIP table after we stayed away from the table for a bit and went to the stage. Paid hundreds of dollars and when I threatened to call the manager and/or call the cops they had dickest attitude. Would give no car if that place blew up with the bouncers inside. Wannabe gangster mafiosos
1	For starters, let me just say I love strip clubs. Men and women. I always have a blast. I've been to tons of strip clubs and have never disliked one. This one, however, was truly disgusting. The men are seriously creepy and they're the ones dancing and taking their clothes off. EW. Also, they're so money hungry they'll start giving you lap dances without asking you and then make you pay them. It's pathetic. This place isn't really even on the strip either which I advise everyone to never leave the strip if you're on vacation. It's location is creepy as heck. For a minute, I had thought I was looking hot that night because all of the strippers were trying to invite me out after their shift, but then I remembered that prostitution is legal in Vegas. Ugh. The only cool part about this place is that they will pick you up and take you home in a limo for free. Hm, I wonder why... Creep central!
1	I agree 150% with the other reviews I've read about how they "milk" money out of you. I had FIVE different male dancers within a span of 7 minutes whisper in my ear telling me to get my friend (the bride to be) on stage for a dance, and all reminding me that it's $40. They come up to you, start dancing all of up on you,  and when they're done, whisper again in your ear...$20. Back home in Hawaii, I got into a male review for free and they do waaaay more for basically nothing. The only time you whip out your cash is if you want a second round. Drinks were $12, but in a small glass. And just to add, yes... the dancers have amazing bodies, but their faces... Can we get paper bags please!?!
1	I went this weekend for a bachelor party. We bought the $60pp deal with a limo ride and a $40 bar tab.The limo was a bit dirty with a broken sunroof, whatever. We tipped the dude $10 for a 5 minute ride. He said call him with a half hour notice for a ride home. We did, then when we called him he said "I'm busy" and didn't pick us up, really pissing off our groom.The bar tab: We weren't told the cost of the drinks until we asked. They would ask me if I wanted another while I had a full drink. And actually, they once brought me a drink without even asking me (seriously? You don't get to take my money without me consenting to that). I found the drinks a bit weak/small. They ranged from $10-$13 per.The actual club: I'm not a big strip club guy generally, and went without wanting any lap dances or anything. I sat in the middle of people facing the table. When a girl asked me to move so she could sit on my lap I said no thank you politely, at which point she stared at me like she was disgusted at me, made a huffy noise, and walked off. A few girls came by and tried to do the same, despite me obviously not wanting this (not looking at them, reaching for my drink when they came by, being in an impossible to sit on my lap position, etc). One even told me "you should relax". Clearly this wasn't all of the girls, but the ones that were like this made me feel like a wallet. One or two I said "I can't", or "I don't feel well, so no thank you" and were cool about it. The bad apples really make you hate life though.One stripper sought a dance from my friend, then said he should guy the groom a dance, then went to the groom to try to get our friend to buy it, making it a "he's cheap" or "I got mu $20" situation, which we didn't appreciate. Then she also said our friend should buy the groom a shot, and her a shot, and.... yeah, just a ridiculously uncomfortable money suck.Another friend was taken into the back room (he assumed for a lap dance) and was asked to pay $700 for some "package" thing, then $300 for something else, then $140 for 15 minutes. He thought he was just getting a lap dance in a less public spot...... not the case. In general I think that's a theme here, the patron doesn't always know WTF is happening, and is made to feel uncomfortable for rejecting the girls seeking money thus getting the girls more money.As for the dancing it ranges dramatically. There was a thin/fit girl with tattoos dancing to metal'ish music who was doing all sorts of tricky things and generally being a great stripper. There were also girls catering entirely to one rich drunk dude, who just sort of giggled their bits for 30 seconds straight, crotch pointing at said male.One man, a loud drunk, was ruffling girls hair, and throwing dollars at their faces. This guy literally fell down drunk and was picked up by OG staff. They didn't kick him out mind you, and strippers then catered to him. I felt bad for the guy, it seemed like he was too drunk to consent to large ticket item dances and the like. I see this sentiment on other reviews.There were some girl groups having fun (in the women dancer section), who were hit on by some club patrons. They seemed to have fun other than that (motorboated the strippers, etc). So there you have it. I'm not coming back, but maybe you'll like it more than I did. My advice to OGs is to have some way of filtering out girls who make our experience there awful. There are plenty of great girls, but you get enough girl who won't leave and makes you feel like a jerk for not dropping a ton of money, or limo driver who shines you on for a tip then leaves you high and dry, or falling down drunk patron allowed to go past the line, or watery required drinks, and it sort of takes you out of a good vibe.
1	Was sooo disappointed with this place. I went here with some girlfriends of mine and we went upstairs to see the guys dance. When I asked if i could buy a dance I was told no but I could sit beside my girlfriend while she got one. Really!? Why? I understand the buzzkill for the woman to see a hot guy dancing in another man but honestly that was such a buzz kill for me and was really hoping to enjoy myself there.
2	I would agree with other reviewers who use the words deceptive, scamming, money hungry - agressiveness tactics they use. Be careful when coming here.  My group was also promised a ride home but that never happened.  The promoter kept saying later times but we got the idea, and took a taxi back.
1	Don't waste your money here. The guys are aggressive and talk gibberish to have you pay $20 to rub their sweaty balls on you. It is utter disappointment. Save your money and go see a produced show. They'll come swarming like bees and then run away when you don't take them up on their offer. Never again.
1	Can't give this place any stars. The people that gave this place any stars have probably never been to a nice stip club. This place was dirty! Downstairs felt like a third world country brothel and upstairs was just way too much going on.  Tons of strippers on the floor which wouldn't be bad if this joint strived for quality and not quantity.
1	If you only have $5.00 in your savings account, drive a lemon, like tonbe harassed by overweight , unattractive females in clothes intended for someone half their size, if you like being fawned over by Phillipino, transgender women and habitually fucked over by management and strippers than this club is for you!!!  Back in the day this club was AWESOME!  But with so many other, NEWER clubs up and running this one definatley saw better days.  Now that it has become so skanky it's management and strippers go over board trying to rob every nickel it can out of it's customers any way it can!  Look, if you want to see hot, half naked WOMEN do yourself a favor and go to the Rhino or Crazy Horse Three, but this place is the type of place you would expect to see in a 3rd world country!  Stay away!  Don't trust a GReek and this place is owned and run by them!
2	This place seemed a bit run down and their business was rather slow compared to spearmint rhino or sapphire but we decided to come here anyways for our buddy's bachelor party. Apparently, they have male strippers on the floor above us and that may have affected the quality of the strippers here. After being approached by a dozen strippers, I felt I needed to run off and approach strippers that I was physically attracted to, as did the Bachelor. After getting the Bachelor a few dances, it was our turn, so I ended up getting an amazing dance by a Costa Rican named Emmy.  I tipped her well and rejoined the group. Now is where everything went down hill. I was approached by a stripper named "violet" who was not physically attractive at all. She kept pulling my hair aggressively, choking me, slapping me, and feeling on me as I politely told her I was not interested in a dance. She told me I needed to tip so I grabbed a few singles and gave it up. As I put my money away, she reached into my pocket to grab the stash of ones and said I owed her more than that and walked off with my stack of 20. I tried to grab it back as she aggressively robbed me and walked off. I then spoke to the club  manager, Anthony, and he spoke to her as she spewed her lies and poured poison into his ears. He was able to retrieve half of the money she stole as she told him I was feeling on her the entire time. Look, if I wanted a dance, I would buy it from a bombshell, not a retired cam whore who probably couldn't make a living on her physical appearances. They get an extra star for having some good dancers who never approached and the corrective action management tried to instill. But hiring thieves who reach into pockets to take what they feel like makes this place rather primitive. Please do yourself a favor and hit up sapphire or spearmint rhino instead. You'll see many many more bombshells there instead.Props to the manager Anthony for at least attempting to straighten out some of his more ratchet strippers.
1	Ripped us off. The promoter promised 3 free drinks and a lap dance.. Got 2drinks and no dance.. .  Then girls took 300 for dances, then disappeared. Never trust a dirty whore.
4	Just went here let me say it was lots of fun , very pact seating wasn't too great, drinks were good make sure you get JOAN he is beyond dreamy, sexy and just BEAUTIFUL you definitely won't regret it!!!!!
3	'Made $$$ in minutes at Vegas, lost $$$$ in minutes at the Stripclub.'A Tale of Two TittiesHas potential to be best-seller in the fan-fiction section right? - - - - - - -In Summary my stay was memorable. It was really my first time going in and so why not at one in Vegas? I just wanted to provide some helpful data from all the research that was conducted.[Good to know]-Place is both girls (downstairs) and guys (upstairs) strip club. Don't ask me how I found out.-Choose the girl rather than being chosen. See the dance on stage before giving the green light later.-Be mindful of where you sit in the booth. Outer guys you are the front line.-Know how much everything costs and rules of engagement.-NO MEANS NO BOTH WAYS HOMIES AND HUNNIES. -After 9pm is better-Hotels should have partnerships with rides to and from. Ask a promoter for packaged deals.-Age: veterans over rookies, so don't be fooled by looks alone- - - - - - - '[And] that's all I have to say about that'-Forrest Gump
3	Sometimes you find yourself at a strip club...This place is unique because you have ladies downstairs & gentlemen upstairs. It's pretty funny that sometimes you can hear the ladies screaming from downstairs...I will leave the rest to your imagination...
1	run by thugs, and skanky strippers that are too old and burnt out to show that much skin.Was literally robbed by this staff. and threatened. Sure wish I read through these bad yelp reviews,... looks pretty common here
2	First male strip club experience. Not impressed.... They basically make you pay for a dance by just coming up and dancin gon you and then BOOM they are asking for $20. I must have had the same guy come by like 5 times asking if he could dance on me. Then asked if i would pay and he would come back... UM NO..... Drinks were so exspensive.... holy cow $15 for a shot... of cheap alcohol. Don't even think about bringing your debit card. $10 free to pull cash. the process it takes to buy a drink with your card takes forever i must have spent 30 mins at the bar just filling out paperwork to run my debit card.
5	My first strip club in vegas! Best time ever. Probably better than any club you can go to. Girls downstairs guys upstairs. Drinks are expensive. But a great time indeed!
5	Had an amazing time with my girls on the top floor at OG's. I seriously dreamed of the guys for months after going back home. I've been to multiple male reviews/strip-clubs and by far this was my favorite. No cheesy group dances, and the music was on point. Coming back to Vegas next weekend on another girls trip, and we plan on making two stops back at OG's! They definitely know how to take care of us :)
2	This is not a strip club. It's more like a "watch men dance in underwear club and never see anything."  Don't get me wrong,I know this club is for the ladies but when the gay friends come at least allow them some type of show.
1	No star is my rating, but I have to select something. I was there with a groom and his groom's men, we fell for the $30 a person deal with a free limo ride to the club and back to our hotel plus 2 free drinks.When we arrived they tried to sell us on a $500 dollar shampane. Took about 5 minutes for them to understand we weren't interested. After paying our 30 per person fee. We got swarmed by girls, which 80% of them looked to be in their 40s and not in the good looking way.Once we got seated we paid for a 30 minute "VIP" lap dance for the groom for $140. The girl took him back and we waited, while we waited the waitress got us our first round of "free" drinks. Which then she pushed us into giving her a tip for the drinks. She ended up getting about $20 dollars in tips for our first round.Most of us didn't even ask for a second round.While we still waited a girl started dancing up on one of the grooms men, no price or agreement was ever exchanged. After 20 minutes she stop and told him the price was $240. Because he didn't have that much money on him plus the girl wasn't worth that much. He only had 15 dollars on him which she didn't take and demanded that he ask some of the other guys in the group for money. He ended up giving her $45.We all started to feel uneasy and uncomfortable so decided that we would leave after the groom came back.After 2 hours we got suspecious of where he was because we only paid for 30 minutes. The VIP room wasn't easily accesses so we asked one of the security to let us in. He said one of us can go in, but when he entered he was told by someone else that he couldn't be in there without a girl. The grooms men that entered tried to explain that he was just trying to get the groom and leave because we didn't pay for this much time. The bouncer said the groom must of paid for more time.After 3 hours we demanded for the groom to leave but instead were shown the door. One grooms men slipped passed security and into the VIP room and pulled the groom out. They were stopped and told that the fees needed to be paid before they could leave. They tried to explain we already paid, and the groom was being told by the stripper "he had more time." They changed the groom 700 dollars for a dance that he didn't want.Once we got everyone outside we tried to get our ride back to the hotel, but because we caused so much "problems" the bouncer/security told us to leave the property. So we had to find a cab on the strip to get back to our hotel.I hope no one else gets screwed over like this!
1	Wish I could leave a zero star review, my buddy and I were kicked out for non payment of a lap dance which was not requested. We were relegated to an outside curb, then ushered into a limo.  Overall it was a really terrible experience. Head elsewhere for you vegas strip club experience.
1	It's simple, if you end up here you made a bad decision. The promoter offered us free drinks, and free rides and we got neither of those. When you confront the staff they  blow you off and your instantly to intoxicated.
5	LOVE this place! The staff is friendly, awesome, and personal. Then of course the men, I literally have have a love for the ones that keep it real! Their dances are amazing and truly exciting. You just have to keep it real and tip! That's why you are there! Renee the waitress is awesome and I love the manager he is friendly and makes you feel welcome! Ok enough of my review! Just give it a try and be open minded!
5	My best friend and I met in Vegas for a girl's weekend. Had plans to be picked up by another strip club buy they were 30 minutes late and by the time they got their act together we had less than two hours before their male venue closed so we reschedule d for the next night and called OG's.  We had a limo in less than 10 minutes. Our driver was friendly and set the tone for a great night! The atmosphere upstairs was exciting. .the women were having a great time. The men were sexy..of course I have to give a shout out to Carlos...my favorite. ..but a few new men caught my eye as well. Our server kept our drinks full which is costly but we were prepared to spend money. We paid for Carlos to do a shower show...ladies..it is pricey but worth every penny!!! Hot! Hot! Hot! And getting to dry off his wet body was heaven!! Kona hooked us up with a limo ride back to our hotel with the same driver who continued to joke and laugh with us all the way ending our night/morning on a great note!!The next evening we went to the male venue we originally booked..very nice facility until we were taken to the male area which the pics were deceiving..within minutes we knew we weren't staying!!! We called Kona at OG'S promised to never cheat on our men at OG'S again!! He sent a car for us..waived our cover and bought us a shot! He made sure we had a great time all evening!!  KONA is the man! ! The hospitality was spectacular. .it's a strip club..the drinks are expensive..some men are more hot than others based on your taste..buy we were entertained and both my friend and found our taste and had excellent lap dances..we will be back!!!  Love u carlos!
1	Bartender is the rudest p.o.s.
3	Meh...not a terrible experience but I suppose since I was in Vegas I was expecting something better.  It was my best friends wedding night so I came with him and his husband. Sigh. I'm not gonna lie...when we first came into the room we were kinda sad. There were about...4-5 guys maybe? It was a Saturday night so I thought that was kinda wack.  We sat near the stage where this clown was dancing around with a slinky hangin from his package...uhhh....if you wanna dance around with a slinky I'm gonna need for something to FILL the slinky. Otherwise, you look silly, sir. He came up to me, grabbed my hand and claimed he was waiting for me to loosen up...uhh..I was just waiting for him to get off the stage.  Or at least lose the damn slinky, it's not like he was bad looking but I'm sorry, I just can't get over the corniness of that thing.  Anyway, we endured this dude for a couple more mins hoping someone would catch our eye. By the time he was finished, my friends were over it because it was clear the strippers weren't into making money...my friends are gay and it was made clear to them that they wouldn't be getting any attention. I don't get what the deal with that is...these guys paid money just like us ladies...get over it and do the damn thing! Their money is just as good as anyone else!! I'm pretty sure they wanted to go home and consummate the marriage anyway so it was cool. So I was left to fend for myself. I went to the bar and got liquored up because I was determined to have a good time. I waited and waited and waited...FINALLY...this sexy ass, caramel skinned dude gets on stage. He started dancing and I knew that was what I wanted...could have been the liquor that made him more appealing but who cares, for the first time the entire night I was finally excited about something!! Once he finished dancing I immediately headed for the stage and asked for a dance. I never had a lap dance from a male stripper before so I had no idea what to expect.  He took me to a semi-private area away from the stage and got to work. Siiiiiigghhhh. That shit was amazing lol. He licked, lifted and stretched me in ways I've never experience before (the licking was torso and above so don't judge too harshly lol). He was talking about something I couldn't even remember but it sounded sexy and I was half drunk so whatever he was saying really didn't matter. By the time it ended I could've sworn he said something about exchanging numbers but I can't remember clearly enough...I remember him walking away like he forgot I was supposed to be paying! but of course he came back and was like "I actually need that 20 bucks tho" lol! This dude really deserves 5 stars but considering I wasn't really feelin the rest of the club I settled for 3.I was riled up once that was finished so I splurged on a dance from someone else...I really should have just left with my fantasies in tact from the first dance because the 2nd guy clearly didn't know what he was doing. Oh well...u win some, u lose some! Ladies....this place is worth a try if you can find the mystery guy mentioned above :)
1	I had perhaps the worst business/merchant experience in my life here. I was charged for $700 worth of entertainment and actually only received about $300 worth. Which itself was outrageously over priced. Then they continued to try and charge another $330 on my credit card which they said wouldn't go through. That was for other fees that I did not agree to , nor did I receive services for! I complained to management twice but they wouldn't do anything for me. I urge you not to visit this establishment. If you do, certainly do not, under no circumstance agree to go to VIP room. That is where the ripoff begins! The same thing happened to a friend of mine this same night, only on a smaller scale. I am going to try to take this to a higher level. Checking legal sources first!
