5	Wonderful service very delicious and healthy. . Very much recommend. . Food is amazin. Can't wait for the entertainment bon Saturday
4	These guys are really close to a 5 star.  There were a couple of personal preference things for me, but overall it was really good.  The chicken was very tender and juicy, the lamb was cooked very nicely, the steak was a little over done and I'm not sure about the flavor/marinade, but that might just be a preference thing.The staff is pretty friendly and since this was the first day they were actually open, which means any reviews prior to mine weren't from the regular public!  If you read any of my other reviews I think you'll know I am pretty fair.  Funny thing is, I was actually heading to Frijoles to give them another chance when I saw this place open, and since I love kebabs/kebobs, mediterranean salads.
5	I had the seafood kabob. It was very tasty salmon and shrimp. I also particularly liked the rice which had some little pasta throughout it. Good quality food - I recommend it.
5	Great food. Good atmosphere. good prices. Highly recommend this place!!!
5	My G/f and I stopped in here for lunch. We had the ground chicken kebab and the steak kebab both of which we thought were pretty good. In fact the ground chicken kebab was probably the best I've had. I also really liked the hummus and the tomato cucumber salad. They could however ease up on the herbs in this salad but it's pretty good. The atmosphere is a bit more upscale than you would normally expect for a kebab joint but the cost doesn't really reflect it that much. The service is better than most places I've been with similar food. I really like to support our local businesses in Las Vegas as we are also business owners. I really look forward to going back here for dinner when they add the entertainment and get their liquor license. Food good service good price point is affordable. I think this place will make it and it will be a good spot to spend the evenings. I highly reccomend!
4	"Racks on racks" That rack of lamb tho, is a must... Seasoned with precision. Hummus is a go-to for any meddi spot. Salmon kabob was crisp and succulent, good when u and beef need some time to "meet other proteins." Rice for the entrees was on point, like Stockton to Malone. Overall pretty good, flava u can savor.
4	Love this place!!! The atmosphere is great, place is clean and well decorated.. But the best part is the food it's affordable, delicious, and the portions are big. Next time you ain't know where to go for lunch or dinner try this place you are going to love it too.. And try the combo cabob or the rack of lamb they were my favorite!
5	the food here is delicious! there is a decent variety of mediterranean food - we got a gyro and a mixed kebob and it was Turkish style, which is exactly what we wanted! the prices are great especially for how much food you get. i will definitely go here again.
2	Lots of Mediterranean places have popped up in this space: Opa, Plaka, and now Maza. New ownership, interior has had a face lift, cool bar area but no alcohol available yet. Menu mentions $7 lunch specials but I did not see any advertised. Ordered the chicken shwarma sandwich with rice, $10- hostess/server gave me a heads up that the dish "isn't really a shwarma, it's made in a pan". Decided to give it a try anyway, and the meat and seasonings are okay but it was served, inexplicably, in a giant hoagie bun. When I am at a Mediterranean restaurant, I expect a sandwich to come on pita or lavash, this bun was way too much bread! The meat was of okay quality but sandwich was not served with any sort of sauce, just peppers, onions, and tomato, which gave the dish almost a fajita feel.Option of rice or fries for my side, picked the rice, which was warm and soft, but after eating the sandwich breading, I couldn't take any more carbs.Note that they have discount deals up on Yelp and Groupon, and a Yelp check in offer for a free piece of baklava, which was honored even for my take-out order.
5	Great food! Friendly staff!
5	One of the best HALAL places i ever ate in vegas, people here are so welcoming, Experience is amazing. I totally recommend it.
5	This was the first time I'd been to a Turkish restaurant and the experience was amazing!!!!!! First of all the ambience was very welcoming as soon as we entered.. We were then greeted by a very nice and polite waitress who was very patient with us while we asked her a zillion questions about the menu.. Food came out pretty fast and OMG so tasty... I would definitely recommend this restaurant.. The portions are very fair for the price.. And the owner was very attentive of all the tables.. He made sure we were comfortable, got our food fast, was super friendly and even walked us out after we were done.. But the best part was their bakhlava.. (Request them to warm it up instead of having it cold.. It will add to the taste).. This was by far the best bakhlava I've ever had.. The owner said that his sister makes them fresh which is why they taste good and pretty much homemade..
5	The food is sooooo goood! The chicken, lamb and beef are all so tender and just melt in your mouth. I have never had Mediterranean food in Vegas which was this good before. We also had the seafood platter, again very tasty. I would definitely recommend the rack of lamb, although what my friends got was also very very good! I will definitely come back here! Their baklava is just superb. The owner told us that it is home made. No wonder it tasted so much better than the baklava that you get at other places. Definitely the best baklava I have had in my life so far. Give it a try, I am pretty sure you won't be disappointed.
5	I have a current obsession with Mediterranean food. I purposely look on yelp, and drive all over Las Vegas looking for awesome Mediterranean places (whether it'd be Greek/Persian/Lebanese) and I was really impressed with Maza! My boyfriend and I ordered Esme, Lebni, and Hummus to share and we loved everything. The server/hostess/superwoman was very nice to let us try Ikra (eggplant dip) and it was so good. For the entrees, we both got the combo kabob platter which was perfectly marinated and the meats were so tender and juicy and the vermicelli rice that came with it was delicious, as well (salad was okay). The food overall felt authentic. I usually don't care enough about places to write reviews because A) I am selfish and just care about putting food in my mouth and B) most places are MEH. But this place has only been open for two weeks and I am so glad that it did and hope it gets busy and stays open!
3	I was a little skeptical about this place but gave it a shot anyways. As we walked in the restaurant in was kind of dark and in need of a makeover. The hostess/waitress showed us to our table. Ordered the appetizer platter which was really good. The pita needs a little help though. Ordered the beef shish kabob and the Chicken Adana they were really good and had great flavor nice and moist, rice was good as well just a bit oily for my taste. I didn't care for the salad though if it were finely chopped it would have been a lot better. Service was good and on point.I would try other dishes but would probably take out rather than dine in.
5	Great service, very attentive especially since there was only one waitress, she did a great job.  Try the Chicken kebabs, very flavorful and moist.  Rice pilaf is great here as well.  Cucumber salad was very tasty.
5	The food is full of flavor and amazingly good! We ordered the falafel and hummus for appetizers and the combo kabob and the rack of lamb for dinner. The waitress gave great service and filled our drinks. Come here if you want a taste for the Mediterranean!
5	" You know when you go to a restaurant and the service is good, but the food is not quite good? There comes a point when the manager comes to you and asks you about the service and the food and their just so nice that you have to lie about the food being good. But service is great. Well ladies and gentlemen you don't have to worry about that here at Maza Grill the food is fantastic!! Hands down, hummus here phenomenal!"
3	Food was ok. For the price, i got whatvi expected. Eatable. Reccomendation for the business owner!! Terrible Turkish coffee. We were not asked ' how we'd take our coffee' . And , the 'SADE' coffee had enough coffee for 5 servings. After 2 tries, they still failed at serving a coffee. We still paid for it. I can go on in details for the shortcomings of the food but no need. There are better options.Ps. Owner contacted for my review. Positive return. Give them a shot.
5	Place was really good. I went for lunch there and it was just the best! enjoyed the food my favorite appetizer was the flat bread and hummus!!! the food was delicious. you guys must try!!!
4	Wow!  Good food large portions!  Great prices!  The other restaurant that was here sucked.
4	food was decent and service was great! friendly staff and good pricing (-: first time at a greek restuarant, i wouldnt mind coming back.
5	Right near where I live at the corner of Sahara and Rainbow, this Mediterranean restaurant IS THE BEST THERE IS IN LAS VEGAS!! Come here and try exotic dishes on the menu. You can't lose because it's all good.  I can walk here and make it a point to eat here once a month - weekly if I ate that often! The bottom line is that this place has it all: food, atmosphere, drinks and a friendly staff.  WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
5	Amazing food, Lamb chops were extraordinary. Must have family style kabob platter if you visit. Service was great, very homely and welcoming.
5	Great food! Their rice and chicken kabob were excellent! I love that they serve Turkish coffee in actual Turkish coffee cups. This is a great place to eat and the prices were very reasonable. The service was friendly and accommodating and the owner even came by and chatted with us for several minutes. I will definitely be back and will recommend Maza to my friends.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner. The food was really good and Alex was very friendly and nice.We were the only ones in the restaurant when we popped in and we remained the only ones for a decent portion of our time there. We liked that it was quiet and I enjoyed the music they had playing.We had the Falafel, Mediterranean Salad, Hummus, and Grilled Vegetarian Salad. We both really liked that the falafel were warm, and the eggplant spread it sat on was cold. The Mediterranean salad was very good! Unfortunately, our mouths are particularly sensitive to vinegar-y food, so we were not able to fully enjoy it. The grilled vegetarian salad was really good with the pita bread. I didn't have much of the hummus, but we are taking it home, and you simply can't go wrong with hummus. Alex mentioned to us to check in on yelp to get the free baklava dessert, and it was not a mistake. Absolutely loved it, and ordered a cup of american coffee to go with. Went perfectly together, and was a great end to the dinner. Unfortunately, there were not many vegetarian options. I would love to come back to see a wider variety for those who do not eat meat. My boyfriend had some sun shining in his eyes through the window, so he stood up to close the blinds. In doing so, he hit his head on the hanging light. The glass shade ended up popping off and falling to the ground. Thankfully, it didn't break. The servers said it was okay and fixed it. My boyfriend was laughing, but we were both pretty embarrassed. Alex ended up shutting the shade for us, and told us a story about another customer who had an issue with the sunshade as well. I am glad they were understanding.So overall, 4/5 for the friendly and great service, tasty food, and light and quiet atmosphere,  but not very wide variety for vegetarians.
5	Delicious food!! Need I say more?  The staff are professional and friendly.  The portions are very large for the price point - go in hungry and you will still come out with leftovers.  Definitely a gem in the rough!  I would recommend it to friends, as well as come back next time I am in Vegas!!
5	Great food for an affordable price. Very authentic and incredibly tasty. I had beef shawarma and it was awesome. Also try the Turkish coffee, traditional and very good. A little bit of Turkey in Las Vegas!
5	I will make this Quick and simple. Really Healthy and great food. I have been to many places oversees and this was absolutely spot on in flavor and presentation! We will definately be going again.Oh and i will say they absolutely have the best baklava  hands down in town in my opinion!
4	We are always looking for a great mediterranean restaurant, we have tried a couple on this side of town and have been disappointed dry overdone and poor wait service.  I was a bit surprised when we walked in and it was pretty bare, but it was a sunday night.  We were seated by a very friendly nice young lady, we later found out was from the Ukraine so some of the food is worded differently and has some difference.  For instance we ordered Sarma is very similar to Dolmades I could tell the difference in texture, Sarma seamed softer more creamy texture, I liked it a lot better then Dolmades!  The next app was Baba Ghanoush it is a cooked eggplant dish similar to a Hummus or a baked artichoke dip without the high fat in artichoke dip.  I loved it creamy soft with lots of flavors and low in fat with a warm soft fresh pita, Soso GOODgood.The dinner was as good, we opted for the signature burger Maza Burger, I know strange choice but they made it sound so good in the menu and we were not super hungry it just looked good and it was.  It is not the normal burger I think it may have had lamb in it, it was soft and bold in flavor but the softer flavors blended everything together and the spicy sauce made it a great burger.  It also had lettuce, tomato, a pickled something or other it wasn't a pickle but it kind of was a pickle.  I wish I would have asked I will next time I kind of love pickles! My next visit I am going to get the lamb, i was just not hungry enough this time.The service was A+ she came back a few times even though it did start to fill up as we ate.  I like how she was proud of her heritage and knowledge of food from her reign to explain small details is great detail.I was very happy and will be going back, it is close to home and easy to pick up, now if they only had delivery...
5	I've had a lot of Turkish food that was really middle eastern food so I wasnt sure and my expectations were that it would be middle eastern. I ordered sarma, which most people know as dolma, they were delicious! Very authentic AND Turkish for sure. All the food to follow was very good. As a visitor I would have to say that The area is not a great location but dont let that stop you, it is worth the drive from the strip! The staff who served us were friendly and the food was very good!
5	Very nice and clean place and the food is authentic turkish.
5	I 've been twice at this place and I have only good things to say about it . Friendly staff and owner with fast service. Original Turkish food with big generous portions and relatively good prices. Tasteful appetizers( ikra, sarma) and chicken kebab are among my favourite dishes . Although the  area and location  is not appealing , this restaurant  is worth your time. Would definitely be going again.
4	Stopped here for lunch while getting my car serviced at a local dealership. The gyros are tasty, and my meal was served quickly. It's a nice quiet place to grab a bite to eat on a Saturday at lunch time. Absolutely no problem getting seated, and the waitress was attentive. I'll plan to be back soon.
5	Wow. .. chicken can't be more moist. Lamb and rice is soooo good . Great staff and very fresh meats.
5	Food:High quality, colorful ingredients! Very tasty! True to the Turkish /Middle Eastern culture!Great attention to detail w the preparation of the foods...Salad was so beautiful and yummy, the kabobs... I could eat them everyday w their Medi Salad The Ezme was very yummy... tomatoes & pepper paste... looks like a reddish hummus... no chickpeas here The Sultan Delight was a very light portion of Lamb layered over baba ghanoush... Oh, lovely Sarma, how yummy you are!!! Have them if you love grape leaves (Vegetarian)Turkish coffee & warm baklava... Yum!Service:Very pleasant staff! Alexandrina was very sweet and attentive. .. she made sure we were taken care of and that we were enjoying our food... even offered suggestions & accompaniments...Ambience:Local strip mall location... the old Opa!Not bad at all... the interior is simply decorated w their lovely Turkish lamps Small dance floor area for future live entertainmentNo liquor license as of this date...Overall, our dining experience was a very satisfying one... We will definitely return!Thank you to the Chef for such a wonderful Epicurean experience! Thank you, Alex! We will see you soon!Your constant companion, ~deirdra
5	Great kebabs and I love the mediterranean salad. Don't miss out on the baklava either!  Service is very good as well. Definitely put this place on your list.
3	We waited to be seated for about 5 minutes in an almost empty restaurant. I ended up walking around the restaurant until I found someone, which was good enough reason for me to leave. Food took about 15 minutes which wasn't a bad wait time. I got the gyro and the meat was like an lamb spam mush. For some unknown reason the stuffed grape leaves, who the owner claims is his mother's recipe, tasted like they were canned.. very disappointing! I wonder if it is the way they store them. On a side note, I did order the Maza Sampler and the Cacik, which were very good.The owner contacted me about my review and seems nice enough to work out the incident and provide information about his restaurant.
5	Owner and staff really friendly...Place is clean and new.Food is great and only real Turkish restaurant in Las Vegas.
4	Food and service was excellent a large menus leyla are Waitress was great the 5 of us had a great time there was a singer and music ..we had the dinner family style the  kabobs was super as was the salads and appetizers
2	Meh service and meh food. I got the hummus for an appetizer, the Mediterranean salad with salmon for an entree while my brother got the chicken and mushroom Alfredo for his entree. The hummus was nothing special and the Mediterranean salad was alright. The salmon was fantastic though. Blackened the way I like it. My brother was upset with his pasta because it had red pepper flakes which was not stated on the menu (maybe it was and we don't remember though) it also had literally two slices of mushroom. It shouldn't be called the chicken and mushroom pasta if there are barely going to be any mushrooms in it. My salad also was missing the kalamata olives it was stated to have come with. The service was really just blah. The waitress was nice enough but she brought me the wrong iced tea (raspberry) at first and also my salad came out about 5 minutes after my brother's food. Which doesn't sound like a long time but it is when the person is waiting for you to get your food and there's is getting cold. The last thing was there was no one on the floor for periods of time. There should always be someone watching the dining room. Definitely never coming back here.
5	Very good food. Very attentive service. I've been in twice and got take out once. Each time has been consistently good.
3	Gyro was great, hummus was delicious, french fries some were a little hard. However we ordered a delivery and when it arrived, the delivery person unpolitely said next time we would have to come downstairs to pick it up, we have an elevator which I explained and they company policy. no explaination and it was unprofessional and seemed rude.  This alone will affect me reordering.
5	My wife and I ate here for the first time on 10/24/14, invited by our Turkish neighbor who tries to eat there once a week.  We agree with all of the positive reviews and comments already listed here.  Food was very fresh and delicious.  We had the combo kabobs of beef and chicken skewers and they were outstanding.  Even the french fries were excellent.  Service was good and attentive.  We will definitely be returning in the near future.
1	this restaurant failed to update their menu on a delivery app... after receiving only a fraction of my food, they still insisted on charging me 10.00 an item for food I didn't get, because they "haven't gotten around to updating their menu on that app." How can you charge someone for food they don't get, and refuse to fix it?! worst customer service I have ever experienced. they were rude over the phone, offered no help, and refused to refund my money or call me back. I will never order from this pathetic excuse of a business ever again. disgraceful.
5	Just finished a wonderful dinner here!  Never had Turkish food before.  Will be coming back soon!  The Kuru Fasulye a white bean and chopped lamb dish was delightful.   The Lentil soup was velvety smooth and seasoned perfectly.   Turkish baklava is softer and chewier than most others, not overly sweet.  MUST have the Turkish coffee with it!   Awesome.   Staff was friendly and welcoming.   I highly recommend it.  Like a mini Mediterranean vaca!
5	Went to Maza last night with my Turkish boyfriend. The food made him feel at home. He left full and so happy. Said it was the most genuine Turkish food he has had since he has been here. The Kuru Fasulye and Baba Ganoush were just 2 of his favorites, my favorite is of course the Baklava. We will be back for sure. Yummy!!!
3	On entering we found this very large restaurant was largely empty early on a  Friday evening.  We started off with the Sultan's Delight appetizer - a generous portion of braised lamb over silky roasted eggplant (babannush?) that we almost finished.  For entrees we shared orders of lamb and chicken skewers which came with jasmine rice, a ae grilled pepper and tomato,  pita-type bread and side salads.  The chicken was moist and the lamb tasty though more overdone than we generally prefer.
5	Amazing food! Super large portions!Try the mixed grill and the mass appetizer platter
5	Very Authentic Turkish style food. Leyla our server was very nice. It was our first time eating in their dining room though we have ordered takeout from here several times.  I ordered the Beef Kabob and my spouse ordered the beef Adana Kabob. The Beef Adana was fantastic and very flavorful.  When we come back and we will soon we want to try the Kuru Fasulye which are White Beans cooked with chopped lamb meat in tomatoe sauce.  Service was fast food is great. I have no problem suggesting this place to even my most picky friends. You must try the baklava for dessert.
5	So, where are all you people?  We just discovered this gem yesterday after reading of it in Yelp, as well as its advertising.  At 5:00 it was about empty and were told it's just a few months old.  I ordered the chicken kabobs which incl. a wonderful full salad, perfect rice, grilled tomato & pita bread ($9.99).  The chicken (& lots of it) was pure melt-in-your-mouth, with just the right herbs.  My partner had the beef Shawarma sandwich which he raved about & which incl. a real variety of goodies, accompanied by a huge plate of non-greasy French fries.  The order of Baba Ghanoush was the best I've had in this town & smoky as it should be.Maza is a Turkish restaurant & playing THEIR music!  What a change & how terrific the sounds.  Our server, Leila, was most charming & efficient.  We are now making this our weekly stop & I can't wait to try the lentil soup, Baklava, & lots of specialties-- all for a song.    Let's  put Maza on the map of  MUST DINING & fill it up enough for their live music to come.K I K I
5	This place is my new favorite restaurant. The food was excellent, great service and very pretty inside. The kabobs and rice are the bomb. Please try it out, you will not be disappointed.
5	Loved this Mediterranean food.!Dished were beautiful and delicious.The new owner came out too greet us and brought tea and rice for us to sample. Very friendly and youthful.We came in the middle of the afternoon so it was a little quiet but filled up before we left.Looks like they have luff music in the evenings.We will definitely be back.
5	I ordered delivery from here today and it was amazing. Both my husband and I ordered the gyro. They were huge and delicious. I could only eat about half, so I'll have a nice midnight snack later! Everything was fresh and the delivery was fast. Will definitely order again.
5	I super like this place. I bought a deal on groupon. It was so worth it with the amount of food plus free baklava that we got, also the Turkish coffee was awesome. And the girl that helped us was not only strikingly beautiful but very very nice, helpful and informative.
1	We ordered from grub hub from Maza.  The delivery was very fast, but the food was awful.  We ordered the fish plate, and it consisted of tuna from a can, imitation crab salad, and lox.  I also ordered a pasta that came with some kind of oil that was inedible.  I have not dined at their restaurant, but do not order their takeout from grub hub.  At this point I am sure that I will not try dining in, as the food was disgusting.
4	I've been wanting to try this place since we pass it often to and from work. While it is labeled as a Mediterranean fare, it seems to be Turkish.Babaganoush was pretty decent. It was rather creamy so if you like a creamier dip then this might be for you. Entree meals came with a salad and that came out first in its own bowl. The serving was generous and I like the simple lemon and fresh herbs that make the vinaigrette. Chicken adana kabob had good flavor and texture. Beef kofta kebob could have been cooked less as it was slightly dry though. There was a side of a ezme sauce which is a tomato pepper salsa of sorts, grilled pepper and tomato, onion slices and a few triangles of pita bread. You get a choice of rice or fries and we got one of each which were both good. Everything was simple fare, but solid. The baklava was really good. Real buttery, nice syrup and light on spices and served warm. Currently theres a yelp check in for a free square. Service was friendly. At first we sat around for a long while as the server got tied up on the phone, but after we were checked on in a timely manner. Then a new server started helping and she was super personable as well.  I will be back. It was really reasonably priced, fresh tasting and good portions.
5	I came from florida and for me it's the best mediterranean  restaurant i have been to for a while
4	Saturday night and this joint was jumping.  There were three large groups holding forth, several other tables were occupied, and three more tables filled up just after us.  It's a big place, so there were still tables to be had, but the blaring music presented by a guy who was part DJ, part singer, and fully master of none :) added to the frenzy of activity.  The music - some Turkish, some American - was sometimes too loud, but not always.Hubby went in first, but I lagged behind to take in the cold night air for a bit.  Before I could even open the menu, the waitress came to take our order, and of course I wasn't ready.  She attentively returned a couple more times, and then as soon as we gave our order she said she'd be right back with our salads.  That didn't happen.  We waited and waited while the three tables were served their appetizers (we're not big eaters, so we didn't order appys), then their main courses.  I could have been nursing my glass of wine, but we didn't have any.  Though I had read the Yelp reviews earlier and knew that it was BYOB, I forgot to take a bottle with us, so it was a dry dinner.  I could have been munching on the pita, but we didn't get that until the salads came.  They finally arrived after we asked the waitress to bring them.In an uncharacteristic move, we both ordered the combo kebab platter, both of which came with salads served before the main course.  That was nice, since it was a larger portion than many Mediterranean places that put it on the plate with the entree.  The light and lemony dressing was nice, not overpoweringly acidic.  What I didn't like was the iceberg lettuce; romaine would have been so much more interesting and tasty.The kebabs were wonderful.  The chicken was like buttah, so tender and juicy.  My first piece of the beef wasn't as tender, but all the others were, including the lamb.  I liked the interesting touch of the little cup of red salsa (is that the ezme?) served along with the kebabs, which added a little kick, and would have appreciated a small cup of lebni, the strained yogurt that other middle eastern restaurants often include. But that seemed to be available only as an appetizer.  The rice was perfect.  Only the pita was a disappointment, okay when first put on the table, but then dried-out, too chewy, and tasteless. We took advantage of the Yelp-baklava offer.  While I'm not usually a big lover of baklava, this one was excellent.  And the small cup of Turkish tea we were served at the end was a very nice and welcome touch. Despite the amount of time we had to wait to fill our stomachs, the food was delicious:  well-prepared, not oversalted, and the portions well-sized.  We will definitely go back.
4	Wow. Probably the tastiest kebab I've ever eaten.The seafood kebab comes with juicy lump of salmon and flavorful grilled shrimp, as well as the shiny grains of rice and grilled tomato and chili. The tomato-based dipping sauce has intricate but not overpowering flavor that complements the simplicity of grilled stuff.Tried both lamb and beef, and while both were really good, lamb will remain as our fix. Hummus was great, too.But I cannot end this review without mentioning the most surprising find: Baklava.Whenever we tried baklava in the past, it was always too sweet to the point that caused a headache. We never liked it. But as this place offered baklava as a check-in bonus, we decided to try on a whim - and glad we did! The baklava had a delicate sweetness and texture, and the flavor of ground pistachio completed the traditional Turkish pastry. Also, we ordered a couple of chai - comes in the traditional cute little cup - at no charge!One major letdown was that the both times we visited, the table cloth was not clean, and the paper table cover didn't fit with the shape of the table in a booth, and kept making friction noise all the time. Interior design could use some sprucing up.When those issues are solved, I can give them five stars!
5	Stopped in for lunch had the maza plate,stuffed eggplant and beef kabob everything was very fresh and delicious We will definitely  be back
5	I ordered the food through grub hub. Although it took a while to arrive because I live far from the restaurant, I absolutely LOVED the food. It's to die for! They forgot my drink so I called back and told them if they were still close, they could bring it, if not it wasn't a problem. Since they have forgotten my drink, they went to a store near by, got me a drink and came back. They are not afraid to make the extra step that will make the experience just wonderful! I'm eating the left overs now and I'm sad there's no more Incredible food and very friendly staff! Thank you. Will come back!
3	This place is about the only place that makes their babaganoush on the chunky side. At most places it comes out looking just like hummus...and it's not very good. Theirs could be better but it's still good as were the rest of the items on the Maza sampler (+hummus, tabouleh, & sarma). We also ended up with the Seafood Kabob (we tried to cancel this & swap for the Maza sampler but the waitress cancelled our other order). Which was just as well because it was surprisingly good. The shrimp was well cooked and seasoned and tasted great with this (I think) tomato based sauce). The salmon, which I'm sure was Altantic farmed, actually tasted pretty salmony which is hardly ever the case with farmed raised salmon because it's awful. I don't recommend the Turkish coffee. Despite waiting for the grinds to settle some fine pieces remained suspended so it always tasted a little gritty and wasn't very strong. I looks like they've got a stage and some sweet light action so I'm not sure if this place blows up at night. We went for lunch at 11:30 on a Saturday and we were the only people in there until another couple eventually came along.
1	I ordered chicken shawarma and was cold, and without seasoning.  I told the server that the Shawarma was so could and she microwaved it!!!!  The place was noisy. The owner was singing!!
5	When it comes to chicken kabob, yes this is as good as it gets! FYI: My review will solely be based on their kabobs.For $10 - $13, you'll receive a side salad or fries, rice, meat of your choice, a grilled tomato and pepper, and pita bread. At most Mediterranean restaurants, I'll go with the beef adana (long, hand-minced meat kebab mounted on a wide iron skewer and grilled) cause it's the safest and pretty consistent at every restaurant. I don't like to go for the regular kebabs because they're usually dried out or over cooked. Maza is the first to prove my kebab assumption to be wrong. My first time at Maza, I was on my no carb diet and I wanted to be healthy so I went with the chicken option with no rice and extra salad..a very unexciting meal in my opinion. My friend chose the rice option and I was instantly salivating when they brought it out. They provide a Lebanese style rice with cut bits of vermicelli mixed in - very similar to a rice-a-roni mix. Now as for the chicken, if you know me well, you know that I NEVER order chicken at restaurants because people always like to overcook chicken and dry it out, and I'm not a fan of white meat. However, at Maza I was happily surprised that the chicken is like what Sheila G. said, "BUTTAH." I hate this word but it must also be said, the chicken was sooo MOIST. It's the only thing I order here now. I microwaved the leftovers two days after and you know how sometimes when you microwave meat it just gets tougher cause you're basically cooking it again? NOPE not with this chicken! It stayed tender and just as good as the first night.I've ordered the lamb kebab, beef, the beef adana, and they're all good as well, however my top choices are the regular lamb and chicken (obviously). The beef wasn't as tender, so if you don't mind gaminess... go for the lamb!Bonus star: I live near trop and 215 and they were still willing to deliver to me!
4	very pleasantly surprised by this place .we had a restaurant.com  coupon and ordered the chicken kabob and chicken adana combo  9.95 $   and rack of lamb  16.95  $ .the food came with   side salad , fries or  rice,  a grilled tomato and pepper, and pita bread. all the meats were so tender and nicely seasoned. the food was tasty and plentiful. as a  nice addition , the restaurant had a  live  singer on stage who sang and played nice music.all the waitstaff were very nice and at the end of our meal , we got hot tea on the house.
4	the food was Delicious.the staff was amazing friendly and lovely.the atmosphere in the restaurant was nice.we just love to be there and eat there.we will come back!
5	Got a deal from groupon and went to this place after work, we loved the beef and chicken kabob so much that we went back the next day and tried the lamb chops and baba ganoush! Wow! The food here is amazing!  Good and fast service. From outside it doesn't look inviting but don't be discouraged by that coz inside it is lively with the live music. And they serve hot tea after the meal. Will definitely keep on coming back here. Just purchased again from groupon!
4	This place is a pretty good establishment and the atmosphere was pretty nice especially with the Live Singer singing in different languages, it was pretty cool!  The salads they bring were really good and we also had an appetizer of Pickled Mixed Vegetables which definitely lived up to their name. The main Entree that me and my guest both had was the Chicken Kabob, she had it with rice and I had it with french fries. The meat was served with seasoned tortillas with red sauce, a whole baby tomato, and a whole jalapeno pepper to really spice things up! The service was Excellent from the hostess and the waitress. They did regular checks on us to make sure all was OK and they even had good suggestions on the menu items. They even had chicken fingers and chicken wings for those that aren't to into Mediterranean foods or kids. We finished up with some dessert so we chose the Baklava that was served with Turkish Tea and that was Delicious!!! Everything was great and I would recommend this great eating establishment to anyone, especially if you like Mediterranean foods.
3	I've been here twice now for lunch. Ordered the lentil soup and Mediterranean salad the first time and the Greek salad with chicken the next. Others in my party ordered the chicken kebob lunch specials and a gyro and they looked fantastic. The lentil soup is different than what I'm used to (more blended consistency) but flavor was great. Both times the salads were lovely - fresh and flavorful. The herb balance with the Mediterranean salad was a standout. Chicken was tender and had good spice blends on it. I think probably the worst thing was the pita. Both times it was thin and dry, maybe over-warmed? Hummus didn't have as strong of a flavor as I'm used to, but maybe I'm just used to over-salted store bought stuff. Service was great both times. Wait staff is friendly and knowledgeable about most items on the menu. It's not THE best Mediterranean I've had, but it's certainly the best within a mile or two from my work. I'll be back. The quality and experience is worth the (reasonable) price.
5	Food is authentic made out of quality ingredients. Nice, clean and peaceful atmosphere inside. Thanks Kamil and Alex for great food and hospitality. Very much appreciated. If you are in Las Vegas for a business trip, this is the place for Mediterranean food.
