3	Some people I was working with took me here for a quick lunch. The place was pretty dingy and the food wasn't all that great. They said they import their bread daily from Philadelphia but I don't know if I buy it. They have quite a selection and due offer cheeze whiz if you like to be authentic. I like swiss :-)
2	only come here if you are very desperate for something that distantly resembles a philly cheesesteak.  my girlfriend lives in philly and trust me, when I go there.  I have two a day everyday until I leave.geri's got nothin on the city of brotherly love.They do have some good mozarella sticks tho.
4	I drove by this place and decided to go with a colleague from work who is from Philly.  We each had a cheesesteak and split an order of Perogies and fries.  I had a cheesesteak without onions and with cheese wiz.  It was a very good meal  We plan to return and try some of their other sandwiches and appetizers.
3	This place is OK.  They use provolone cheese and you have to request  cheez wiz which is synonymous to Philly cheesesteaks. The sandwiches are good a bit on the expensive side. They have sweet potato fries which is good.
4	All these reviews are way off. Seriously your going to a little sandwich joint. And your all out of your mind if you don't appreciate Geri staying in business over 30 years. Something has be right?? In the toughest business with 90%+ failure its obvious the place does things right. What more can u expect everything is tasty its an $8.00 sandwich or burger joint. Geri the chef is super accommodating works hard and will make anything you ask for and they appreciate your business. Honestly, Ive had a better Philly and I'm more impressed with all the other items. Perfect for a quick bite. Ill stop by again and again when im in the area and hungry it will be my 10th + visit.
4	Yummy!   Looking for a S Philly Cheesesteak, here you have it.  Came across this gem by searching for cheesesteaks on yelp.  The restaurant is nothing fancy, just like the joints in Philly.  However, the food is served with heart.Bread was fantastic and fresh.  The meat was tasty and cooked perfectly on the grill.  And the cheese ... you can get whiz if you prefer, but I'm a provolone girl with my cheesesteak.  I also chose to add the mushrooms, just because!  Around $8 for the large sandwich which was plenty ... wish I would've taken the last bites home.Boyfriend has been back within the week already for another - will be a place we become regulars.  Nice people, good food, decent prices - what more could you ask for!
3	My quest for a decent lunch spot near my office.  I 've tried Geri's a couple times. It's the kind of place you want to love - has a 70's diner / coffee shop feel to it.  it's definitely worn but homey.  I've tried the cheesesteak and the meatball sammies -  both could use a little more meat, but overall not bad .  added pics
3	Grabbed a cheese steak sandwich at this place and it was a decent.  I had "The Works"  which comes with provolone cheese, peppers, onions and mushrooms. $8.95 for a 9" and $17+ if you want a 21" sandwich. The meat was ok a  bit under  seasoned. Provolone cheese taste the best with this sandwich, Cheez Wiz overpowers the meat and veggies. The price is just a little bit more than the competition if you consider the size  to $$$$ ratio. All in all...it was OK
4	Being lactose intolerant, I cannot enjoy Geri's to the fullest. Cheesesteaks and milk shakes are completely out of the picture. However, they make fantastic chicken fingers, and their buffalo burgers are the best buffalo I've ever eaten. Dave and the gang are always very friendly, as well.
4	Read the reviews and had to stop by....being a displaced Philadelphian. We called in our order and picked it up to go. The owners waited on us and I spoke a little to the nice lady who took our order and rang it up. Having been born, raised and educated in Philly I can tell you this is the real deal. Right down to the rolls (Amaroso) which come from Philly to the Tastykakes, Wise Potato Chips and Goldberg's Peanut Chews. It is a little Philly oasis in the desert. Yo! Geri's, excellent American, wit! Philly folks, you should understand dat.
4	If you are a fan of genuine Philadelphia Cheesesteaks, you will love this little "hole in the wall" place right off Trop and Pecos.  The cheesesteaks are so good that we get one every week, and the shakes and malts are to die for, no kidding.  It's an old style diner, don't expect fancy, but it is very good, with lots of different sides and philly favorites. (Tastykakes, etc.) The only reason I don't give it five stars is that the service is slow and a lot of times outright unfriendly.  I suggest you grab one of the take out menus, call your meal in so it's ready for you when you get there, then take it home.  But definitely a regular choice for us.I am editing this review on 3/3/13 to reflect the fact that the place seems to have changed hands, or at least have new managers and it's not quite as good as it was.  Maybe a 3-star instead of a four star rating now .... ;(
5	Ok..this place used to be my 2nd home when I lived by UNLV..don't get there much these days. Probably once a month now.Dave & Joellen are the WONDERFUL people who own this place for the past 10 years. They know what we want when me or my hubby walk in the door! They were the 1st people we met when we moved to Vegas.Super great food and super people cooking it up and serving it.Its a small place but its a goldmine..there are times when you can't get a seat in here its so packed..and its packed for a reason.If you go..tell em' Dawn and Jay sent ya..
5	Absolutely great food cooked by the owner and served by Mrs. Owner.Friendly atmosphere albeit not elegant. Easy parking in front. Bookstore next door so you can amuse yourself while waiting for your FRESHLY prepared food.My FAVORITE place. You'll see me there at lunch at least 3 times a week.
3	Close to a philly steak but just not the same. It was rather small for the price of the sub. Just writing about this makes we want to go back to Philly and grab myself a Tony Luke's! i like the cheesesteak place inside the sinclair station on patrick and pecos as it had much more flavor
5	So I am one of those people who swears that there is no such sandwich as the Philly Cheese Steak outside of Philly.  The sandwiches I've had at Pat's and Geno's dominate all other sandwiches I've had outside of Philly so much that I don't even like to eat the other ones.  Sure, the Cheesesteaks outside of Philly may taste good, but they are nothing compared to what it's like in Philly.  My friends call me picky, but that is only because they do not know what a Philly Cheesesteak is until they've had it in Philly.  This being said... I LOVE Geri's Olde Philadelphia's Cheesesteak.  I am always very skeptical of cheesesteaks, but I have been going to Geri's for a long time and love it more everytime.  I am always very glad to see that the owner always keeps Cheese Whiz out because that's what a true cheesesteak is made with, don't give me none of that provolone, I want the Whiz-Wit!  The owners are always very friendly, and will do anything to make you feel comfortable.  Say you don't like anything you see on the menu?  Simply ask Dave, the owner that also runs the grill, he will make you anything you ask.  They make great shakes, great burgers, and even great soups!One of the best part about Geri's is that it has the old-time diner feeling.  While the ambience is very simple, the restaurant is only about 6-7 tables, with a small bar at the counter.  The bar is what makes me love this restaurant.  You can come in and at any time you can get a seat at the bar, tell Dave what you want, and him or his wife will gladly get it for you.  There aren't many places like that anymore!  If you don't go to Geri's, you are missing out on a great restaurant!
5	My updated review of Geri's is the same as before.  Geri's is the epitome of good ol' hospitality.  Dave, the owner and cook, is behind the counter with a smile. His wife is usually there with him, serving the drinks, food, and shakes.  They always make you feel comfortable and wanted, which is a rarity these days in restaurants. The cheesesteaks are the best I've had outside of Philly.  Thinly sliced Ribeye oozing juices into the cheese wiz and onions creating a flavor combination even Escoffier would be jealous of.  Come to Geri's if you haven't, you'd be missing a special place in Las Vegas.
4	Oh Geri's....it's been way too long.  When I use to work on the Strip we would come here for lunch every other month or so.  Since I no longer work or live nearby, I haven't been here in a couple of years.  An old colleague of mine wanted to meet up for lunch and when he suggested Geri's I couldn't say no.Since it has been a while, I wanted to make this visit count....so I ordered:Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich w/Cheese Whiz - $7.50Pierogies - $3Stuffed Jalapenos - $3.95Sweet Potato Fries - $2.50I know, it sounds like a lot of food, but besides the Sandwich the portions are small. (see pics)  Plus, I was sharing with my friend.They deliver the food as it becomes ready here.  First up to bat was the Jalapeno Poppers.  Stuffed with Cream Cheese, the Poppers were awesome....cooked just right so they weren't dripping with grease and the Cheese wasn't going to burn the hell out of my taste buds.Next up was the Sweet Potato Fries & Pierogies.  Again, cooked just right....not greasy at all.  I wonder how they do that?!  The Pierogies were very good....chewy, doughy shell with Potato filling....yum!  Sweet Potato Fries were great too....but I saved those to eat with the Steak Sandwich.Last up was the Steak Sandwich....one bite and I was back in Cheesesteak bliss....dammit Geri's, I've missed you!  I instantly remember why I love this place.  My buddy who was having lunch with me is from South Philly and he brings his parents here every time they visit from Philly (5-6 x per year)....it's a family tradition now, that's how good it is!Needless to say, we didn't leave any food in our baskets.Will I return?  I'm not waiting 2 yrs for the next visit, for sure!
5	Absolutely wonderful little family owned and operated business that exists under the radar since the 70's.  It took me nearly half of my 14 years in Las Vegas to find something so close to actually being in Philly for an authentic cheesesteak.  The staff couldn't be more friendly and genuine to round out the total experience.  I hightly recommend it to everyone. And for the true east coasters they  carry a varity of Tasty Cakes and Wise snacks.  Yes they even have Peanut Chews AND TATOR TOTS cooked right OMG!!!
5	After several disappointing tries at finding 'east coast food' in Vegas I gave up years ago.  I had to be coaxed into one more try by a friend who swore this was the 'Real Deal'.  They said if I didn't think it tasted every bit as good as one made in the Town of Brotherly Love, they'd buy my dinner AND pay for dinner another night anywhere I wanted to go.  I totally enjoyed the atmosphere, the service, and the authentic tasting Philly cheesesteak and I paid for dinner.   I'll be stopping in again soon!!!
5	I haven't been to Philly myself but I've watched way too much food porn to know that there has to be fresh bread involved, ribeyes juicy and fresh at the very least. Then there's the veggie and cheese debate but I can tell you regardless of what you order and how you like it Geri's will make it. After many cheesesteaks had on the West Coast (I'm talking about stuff put on sourdough bread, so imagine my constant disappointment), I'm positive I have found some of the freshest, tastiest Philly with a capital P cheesesteaks to be had! I'm pretty sure they are way authentic too. A great place to sit and enjoy lunch, look around and enjoy family pictures, newspaper articles, and other random things posted on the walls. A local, family run business, doing things well for years; definitely a business I can support! Worth a trip if you're looking for a good Philly Cheesesteak, but everything else on the menu is good too...don't forget those little corn nuggets!
4	Today we ventured over to Geri's again for a Philly... I ordered a chicken and mushroom philly w/ beer battered mushrooms and cream soda... my son had hamburger ... Fries and mozzarella sticks and root beer... He said best ever... I encourage everyone to try there philly's best I've ever had in Vegas and the music reminds me of when I was growing up... Carpenter's... Beatles... Barry Manilow..       I love this little place... its a family own business that has been around since the early 70s... Go and try the food... Very very good
3	I saw that Geri's got good reviews and was close to my work, so I bookmarked it.I tried to go a couple of weeks ago, but they were closed for the holidays and had a sign that they'd reopen on the 10th. So I ventured over last week.I got the mushroom cheese steak and fried green beans. The cheese steak was good but a little greasy and dry at the same time. The fried green beans were pretty good. While the food was good, it wasn't quite as good as I was hoping. However, it was good enough to deserve a return visit.
4	Chicken steak and cheese steak are delicious.Fries are good. Prices are reasonable ($6.50 for a plain steak, $8.95 for deluxe chicken).Service is friendly and fast.Not too packed at lunch time.The place has been there forever, and it shows (in a cute, campy sort of way).There aren't too many places in Vegas to get a great cheesesteak, so if you're ever in the area, I highly recommend Geri's.
5	Once again really great food
4	The girls and I read reviews on yelp and decided to satisfy our cheesesteak craving at Geri's Olde Philadelphia. Thank you, yelpers, because we had a great lunch! First and foremost, big portions are all fine and well, but I HATE getting a sandwich I can't get my mouth around, and that is as big as my head. These were good sized sandwiches, but manageable. The daughters split a pizza steak sandwich, something I haven't seen since I lived in St. Louis eons ago. If they've been out here, I've missed them. They devoured and raved. I had the mushroom Philly, and it was spot on. We all really liked the rolls... not soft and squishy, but not so crisp that they rip up your mouth. Very good! The fries were good...perhaps on the skimpy side, portion wise. The beer batter onion rings were awesome, and huge on the portion size...go figure. They have a full selection of Dr. Brown's sodas, even the **shudder** Cel-Ray. (never actually tried it...s'pose I should give it a shot) They have a shelf loaded with Tasty Cakes for you East Coasters, AND.....wait for it.... We saw a couple of ladies come in and buy several sacks full of Drakes Cakes...Devil Dogs, Ring Dings and the works! I believe they ordered them in advance, but I know theres a few of you out there reaching for a pen right now! LOL.. Now.. my yelp peeve: Ambiance. For the love of Mike... it has the ambiance of a greasy old-timey Philly cheesesteak JOINT. That's right, it's a JOINT!!! C'mon, folks! I'm starting to think Americans are watching WAY too much food TV instead of going out and experiencing food. So inside you will see pix of Philly famous, maps, menus, asst. memorabilia and junk. Which is how it should be. Now if I go back to Picasso and it looks this way, we've got ourselves a problem! LOL.. Let's let our joints be joints, our dives be dives, and mom & pop hole in the walls be just what they are!
4	I think this place is really decent. I haven't been to other cheesesteak places in LV, but I have a favorite I go to in Hawaii so that sets the bar for me.My boyfriend and I got 9in cheesesteaks, shared french fries, and had chocolate shakes.  The cheesesteak was not as good as my favorite in Hawaii, but very good nonetheless.  It was a different kind of cheesesteak I'm use to, very simple, not greasy or super cheesy.  It was a more healthful cheesesteak (not that - that's bad).  I loved the fries and for the price it was perfect for the both of us.  I also LOVED the shakes.  They are so cheap and large (ha ha, that's what she said), but seriously, it's served in the blending cup which is always a favorite for me because it stays colder longer.  The consistancy was perfect for me and I love the LARGE straw.My boyfriend said he'd go there again and he is picky as hell, so it must be good.  They are cheap and delicious and filling.
5	I really enjoyed my Chicken Works Philly, sweet potato fries, and fried ravioli. I can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches and sides. It's definitely a bit fast-paced and a very casual spot, so expect to be in and out with a satisfied palette and wallet, in no time.
5	I was in Las Vegas for a convention, and I met a guy from Philadelphia.  We talked a little bit about back east, I'm from northeast PA.He told me about this place, I had to come.When we got there, I saw it was a mom & pop place.  (Those are the BEST!)  I picked up a menu and started to drool.  The nice lady, I forgot her name, got us a couple of drinks, I looked to my right and saw a whole shelf of TastyKakes!  We had a couple while we waited.Dave the cook, was reading the paper until his Mrs. handed him our order, 2 cheese steaks with mushroom and onion, both for me, 2 the works for Rob and his mom, and a plain cheese steak for his niece.We didn't eat them until we got home, and I thought I was in HEAVEN!  I haven't had Philly Cheese Steaks that good since I left Dunmore!Thanks Chevy Eddie & Karen for pointing this place out.  The next time I'm in Sin City, IMA GETTIN' MY GRUB ON, HERE!!!
5	Tried Geri's because Nelson Q. said they had the best cheesesteaks in town. Think I have to agree. I got one with the works for $9 - nice stack of meat with onions, peppers, fresh mushrooms and cheese on a 9" roll. Seemed a little pricey but worth it since it was piled so high w meaty goodness. Bread was soggy with juices and from the 15 min ride home, but still intact. Can't wait to try it again fresh. We also got a decent serving of tater tots for $1.50 and a thick milkshake for $3 - real vanilla ice cream with lots of Heath bar chunks mixed in. I love that they had the foresight to use boba straws to suck it up that much easier. I loved every bit of my meal and promptly fell into a food coma, or maybe it was because secret life of the American teenager was on. Only issue was that they had already closed their doors early at 5:45. Luckily they saw my roomie and let him in, so we may have to call next time if its close to closing time. Definitely have to try those perogies
4	Since we were going to Vegas, I was trying to find a good lunch place and found Geri's on yelp. I had been craving this place till we got there. It's a small mom and pop shop in a shopping center. I got the chicken and cheese sandwich with fries and lemonade. The bf got the Philly cheesesteak sandwich he said his was ok, but mine had great flavor but the chicken was kinda dry. Since it was a mom and pop shop, I thought it would be fresh, but it wasn't. You could tell they got the fries from a frozen bag. There were other people there who seem like regulars who knew the owners. The owners - husband cooks wife helps and is the waitress. They all do it themselves. There were cool pictures all over the wall. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great. Really deserves three stars but they were nice.
4	I like this little Philly cheese steak shop.  My dad turned my husband and me on to it. My dad always has a Number 4: meat, cheese, mushrooms and onions.  I've had a bite and it's really good.  Although this is a cheese steak shop, I'd strongly suggest ordering the buffalo burger with grilled onions!  So good!  Their sweet potato fries and tots are really good too.  Everything is cooked to order.  Normally the service is quick.  Good place to stop if you're in the neighborhood!
4	Firstly, I have to mention that the only reason why gave this place a chance, is because I received an e-mail from Living Social at 1 something AM, and when I tried to purchase the deal at 5 AM, they sold out of the special. That's 113 vouchers in 4 hrs and in the wee hours of the morning. This had to be good.So, after my oil change, I swung by on my way home, and here's what I picked up:Philly steak with the works and provolone (not a fan of that whizz stuff)PierogiTasty KakesPeanut ChewsI was informed that all the ingredients are shipped from PA. I'm not expert enough to confirm that nor am I one who has the ability to compare one with a sandwich from back home (being born but not raised in Philly) but out of all the Philly cheesesteak places in Las Vegas, this place has the goods. They aren't skimpy with the meat either. The people working there were great. They didn't rush me and answered all my questions to make sure they had my order right. While waiting for my food they even schooled me a little of my birthplace. I've observed food service since the 80's and managed 3 restaurants myself over a period of 15 yrs and while it isn't the best service I have witnessed here in the valley, it is one of the best nowadays. When it comes to customer service, you'll find me to be very picky; my 90% negative reviews will show that. I have met only one waitress in Vegas/Henderson that deserved a 5 star within my 11 years here. When the food is great, 4 stars is what they will get. If service lacks, then stars retracts- and for Geri's, the service maintains until the next time I come in when I dine in.
5	I was back in Las Vegas last week and stopped here again.  The best part of this stop was Dave remembered me, by name, from August.  The sandwiches are still great!This is now a must stop place for me when I'm in Sin City!
5	This place is AMAZING!!!  I heard of this place through a valpak advertisement and informed my parents to check it out.  My family is from Pittsburgh but a good portion now live in Philly and i definitely miss the cheesesteaks every time i leave that place.  I had the cheesesteak with sweet potato fries as a side.  Not only was everything freshly made, but the service was amazing.  It's a mom and pop place, and they are so incredibly friendly!!  The hours are 11-6 mon-sat.  I've had cheesesteaks all over the valley and NOTHING compares to these.
5	I've been searching all over Las Vegas for a truly good cheesesteak. I have finally found it. This place is awesome. And they have the friendliest service of any place I have ever been. Finally, my search is over.
5	This is by far one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. I was very surprised to find out on a recent visit that Dave & Joellen have sold the place. Dave was actually there dropping off some stuff so I was able to pump him and the new owners for info. Looks like the place will stay the same. They are using the same ingredients and are not going to mess with the perfect philly cheesesteaks. Thank god!So for now this is still on the top of my list. Lets hope it stays that way.
4	I found this on my GPS while killing time before a flight. I had to worry at first when I saw the Eagles signs since I am a Cowboy's fan! He assured me that he would not spit in my good. I asked which Philly was best and he said "the works", so I ordered it and let me tell you, it was great. I asked if he was the owner and has chuckled and said no. I would have given 5 stars if the young waiter had been as  good as the cook. He had to go out front for a smoke break instead of waiting to take the order from a party of four. The cook did it with a smile on his face.
5	theyre reopening in a week or 2! new owners, promising the same food and menu dave will be back temporarily to show them the business, also remodeling the place! when i saw the for lease sign i felt i lost the love of my life! now im glad to hear theyre back and for good! the cheese whiz and onions is my recommendation! pops has nothing on this place!
5	Reopening this month! New owner, same fantastic food!
4	Just went this afternoon. Our waitress was the owner! They had just re-opened under new management. We ordered 9" cheesesteaks with provolone and onions, mushrooms and peppers. Very good. The rolls were fantastic...a good roll ALWAYSmakes the sandwich. The place is small and cozy...tables-chairs and counter space. The menu has expanded somewhat from the previous owners but the sandwiches are just as good.The service was very good, she paid attention, knew the menu and made time to chat. They place was busy with dining in as well as take-out orders being assembled. The two guys cooking were trained by the original owner. Very good.
5	Geri's is by far the best Philly cheesesteak in Las vegas! Geri's offers same east coast taste i'm use to with a Las vegas flare! Thats not even the best part the new owners make you feel like family no matter who your are! This is gonna be my new weekend eating spot for sure! Eating here wont be a mistake :D
5	This place is awesome. I support family homed businesses. The owner was very attentive. She loves to converse with her customers. She hooked me up with a milkshake and it tasted fabulous. I ordered a classic philly and it was a pretty big portion. I would definitely recommend this place.
3	I'd been to Geri's several times before I got on yelp and it was one of my preferred places to get a sandwich in town.  I'm not near it as often as I used to be, so we haven't been in some time.  So, today while we were headed to Sprouts Market, we decided to hit up Geri's for lunch.  The wife had chili.  I'd not had Geri's chili before, and it was good.  Very large bowl, we probably ate half with me helping.  It had good chili flavor, but I felt it needed more heat.  I understand I probably like things hotter than the general public, so I won't ding Geri's for that.  If we get it again, I'll probably ask for hot sauce or something.My order on the other hand, did not go as well.  I ordered a cheesesteak and fries.  Fairly simple at a cheesesteak place.  Well, after 22 minutes, and my wife had her chili for at least 10 of those minutes, my steak was finally brought.  It was hot, as it was just made.  It was a little drier than I remember.  But, solid steak, and a lot of hot peppers and onions.  But, I did not get fries.  I then asked the cook (who brought my steak, not the server that took our order) where the fries were, and he proceeded to start making them.  I told him I didn't want them, I wanted to eat them with my meal.  Our server apologized and came over with fries when I was more than halfway done with my sandwich.  I told the owner about our experience, and she was more than apologetic.  She basically comped the meal.  I know this is not typical, as I have been here several times before.  I only tell the story on yelp to mention how well it was handled and we immediately felt like it was taken care of.  What was a frustrating lunch ended well.  We will definitely return, this event will not factor into a decision to come back at all.  I will definitely go back, it's a more than solid steak sandwich, and the owner treats you right, even when they have an off day service-wise.  Give Geri's a shot.
5	Get the cheesesteak with everything topped with cheese-whiz, sweet potato fries, and a peanut butter banana milkshake. You won't regret it.
5	Well what can I say- other than this place is great.  I live in Southern California but frequent Vegas often.  I definitely plan on visiting this place again.Here's the scoop...Food - A+People (friendly) - A++If you want to grab a good Philly and visit a place where they truly love what they're doing and the people they serve then this is your place.  If you want a quick chain where they could give two poops about you then this isn't your place.  The food is fresh and reasonably priced.  These people are not getting rich of owning a Philly steak place.  They don't have golden arches or Dora toys for kids meals but you will walk away remembering this place.  Honestly, can you remember the experience you had at the last fast food joint you went to?  Probably not.I spoke with the owners in great length and they are real people.  The owner apparently broke his back and had to go into a different work field (I sure hope they don't mind me posting this - I apologize and will remove if so).  Anyway, this is their life and you can tell they put their life into it.Some other tidbits.  - restrooms were very clean and had plenty of hot water (which is a huge thing in restaurants).What else?  Hmmm.. Not much - I'm not really a red meat guy and consume it sparingly but I had to chow this Philly down. Too good to stop.  Oh - ya - good portions too.I hope this is helpful and feel free to hit me up if you have questions.Oh - one thing I should note - you have to get in their by 6pm before they close and no Sundays.  I suggested they look at extending their hours a bit but then again they are family owned & run.  That's the worst thing I could say. :0
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!  This place is a lil slice of heaven!   If ur from the east coast (allentown/philly area) this place feels (or should I say SMELLS) like home!!  Huge bonus: TASTYKAKES!!!! :-D
1	Geri's used to be my favoriate place to eat in our way into town from Arizona.  We made our last visit there last week.  Unfortunately the owners have sold the business.  Even tho the new owners claim to have been trained by the prior owners the food was not the same.  I ordered a Chicken Cheese Steak with mushrooms and corn nuggets.  My girlfriend ordered the Italian Sandwich and fried mushrooms.  For whatever reason they didn't bring the food out together.  I got my corn nuggets a few mins later she got her mushrooms.  Then they brought my sandwich and it was beef so they had to remake it.  While they were making my sandwich again my girlfriend got hers.  When I finally got my sandwich it tasted like the chicken was dark meat.  Not my favorite.  Had little taste and was definatley not the Chicken Cheeseteak I had eaten in the past.We were the only ones in there which should have told me something!  I had never been to Geris and be the only one there no matter what time we arrived into town.   The owner/waitress seemed gittery.  Not sure what was going on with her.  There was two other employees there who were doing something in the back with some TVs.  It's just not the same and we will not be going back.
4	Yes .. just tried this place . The corn nuggets are great. the cheese steak with the works , better than I have had ellsewhere good crispy sweet potato fries ,, just wish the order was a but largertry it ,, I think you will like it
4	So SAD this place is now closed down what a bummer............................:(
2	I used to frequent this place all the time, it was a favorite for my wife and I. Sadly Dave and Jolene sold the place about a year ago and it was not the same upon our return a while back.The first let down was the entire place had been somewhat remodeled. Granted it was always clean before, but it had a certain old school  dive type charm  to it. The mess of pictures and memorabilia all over the walls, etc. It wasn't classy but it was perfect in its own way. However the new owners painted it a bright white and the usual dim lighting which complimented the place was changed to bright lights. It took forever to get anyone to help us, at least 15 minutes, then longer than forever to get our food. We waited at least 25 minutes where as Dave used to have your sandwich in front of you in 5. The sandwich had hardly any meat on it and it as well as the French fries were doused in salt. We asked for extra cheese however couldn't even spot minimal cheese on there.The cooks were three kids around 18. Not sure how you can sell an "authentic Philly steak" when it is made by a kid fresh out of high school. I used to have a friend who spent the better part of his life in Philly and told me more about cheesesteaks then I could ever imagine.The guy who claimed he was the owner tried to make it right by not charging us but still nothing was the same. I wish the best to the new owners but it is no longer what I am looking for. Change is not always a good thing.
1	This place has since changed owners a couple of times, and finally closed.  If any one knows of a good chees steak place in Vegas, please let me know.
