4	I looked around at some animal hospitals around my area and these guys seemed to be pretty well established and have a decent following. I called them up, scheduled the appt and dropped him off early Saturday morning for his surgery. The staff were all very friendly and the office was clean. I was able to print and fill out the 'first visit' forms from their website so that helped with check in time. All in all a good experience. I will continue to trust them with my dog
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. I went on two separate visits, and each visit deserves it own rating/review.The first time I went was to take a shelter kitten I just adopted to get a free wellness checkup. It was easy to make an appointment and the office staff was friendly. However, the exam room smelled like dog pee and it was off-putting for me (and the kitten).But Dr. Chambers was thoughtful and thorough. When I had questions after my visit, she called me before she went on vacation so I wouldn't have to worry while she was away.My Dr. Chambers experience rates as a 4, and I recommend her.On an unrelated incident, I had to take my senior cat to the clinic later that week. We went there instead of her normal vet because Craig Road is open until 10 pm. I was upset that my cat was in severe pain, but the night vet insisted on calling my cat a "he" instead of "she." Minor, I know, but finding out that my cat is severely ill was difficult for me, and the vet's constant confusion over her gender made me question her attention to the situation. She told us about the options for the kitty's treatment, which would involve a lot of stress for my cat. She also said, "Anything dealing with bones really freaks me out and this makes me worry about my cat," and by then I was pretty upset by her attitude.  WTF, lady? It's clear that I am grieving for my cat and you're telling me you're freaked out by her condition?But my cat really was in pain and it was obvious there was nothing we could do to cure her. So my husband and I decided to put the cat to sleep, and if that's not bad enough, the vet tech who came in with our final bill was giggly when my cat moaned in pain, "oh, she doesn't like me, does she?!" and then she told us to have a great night. I won't mention the doctor's name because I'm sure she's a good person and for whatever reason we had a bad night with her. My experience this time was a 1 because of carelessness and flippancy.
4	I wish I was not writing this review in the wake of putting my sick cat to sleep, but that's a sad reality some pet owners have to face, and it's so important to choose a place you can trust with your beloved little family members in sickness and in routine checkups. My husband and I were glad we chose this hospital.  It's very clean and professional, and the staff were efficient and kind.  I didn't have an appointment, but was able to see the doctor within minutes.  For every treatment, you will be given price estimates.  At first, I freaked and became afraid that I was being cheated when I saw the long list of suggested tests.  But when I looked at the breakdown in a calm way, I saw that the doctor was just offering all of the best tests and treatments available to pinpoint the sickness.  And I was able to ask questions and then decide which ones I was able to afford and still give good care to my cat.  No one there ever made me feel pressured at all, and I appreciated how the doctor spent a lot of time with us explaining the test results and showing us medical texts about our cat's condition.In the end, there was no hope for my cat, and they handled the euthanasia very compassionately and gently.  I will bring my other surviving cat here for any needs that may arise in the future.
5	I had an unfortunate visit here with my brothers blue nosed Pit-Bull named Baloo.  As soon as my mom seen something wrong with him , we rushed him to Craig Road Animal Hospital, I called and told them I was coming with Baloo and it was an emergency. As soon as I pulled up to the front, a nurse was waiting at the door, carried Baloo, and rushed him inside...  Baloo didnt make it... =(Although it was sad, the doctors and nurses comforted us and they did everything they can do to save Baloo.  They gave us as much time as we needed to be with Baloo inside one of their Exam Rooms and it was greatly appreciated.Craig Road Animal Hospital and its employees are trustworthy and honest. They treated us like family and we all know how scary it can be taking a trip to the Doctors, what more our pets?This review is for you Baloo!!! i love you boy!!
4	I have taken my 15 year old dog here MANY TIMES. I have no complaints. All the doctors i have met  seem professional and competent.  my 15 year old needed some emergency dental work. 3 teeth pulled at the cost of almost $900 bucks when all said and done. (yikes!)  But she NEEDED the operation and i did not have the luxury of "shopping around"   for a better deal.  I was very concerned about the use of anesthesia on such and old dog. But she recovered fine.  I even boarded her for 3-4 days during a recent out of town trip. They cared for her and i called in and got updates on her. I felt she was taken care of and was safe here. Yes,  I would go back to Craig Road Animal Hospital.
1	Waited an hour to get a rabies shot for my dog. Got charged for a service that I didn't required for & the vet didn't even tell me about it. When I went to pay the bill it was much more. The vet said she will call me the next day with results. I miss her call by a few seconds and when I call back she left already. Shouldn't make your calls at the end of the day. Very careless~! Was playing phone tag by myself. Kept calling to get results but no doc to give me answers. Nurses can't tell you anything. Seriously you can't just read the damn paper.
2	So I had no choice but to bring my baby back here cause they close pretty late at 10pm. In the day I'm busy =( so I'm only have free time is at night. So my 2nd trip here is much more nicer than my 1st. They explain all the prices and asked me which one I wanted so there was no surprise at the bill at the end. But the wait is still long. Waited about 2hrs and something for everything to be done. Seems like there is new doctors and staff. Doc never talks about prices or bills only the aid/nurses does. Call for an appt they said they take walk ins. So I just went and gave my infor and about 4 mins I'm in the little private room waiting for the doc. Doc look all around and suggested some test to figure out whats going on. Then aid comes to give me a price list and pick one then Doc comes back to confirm that's what she's going to test. 1st test came back neg so Doc suggested another test. Aid came back telling me the prices etc then same thing. Doc came back said the 2nd test results takes a few days up to a week. Doc recommend some specialist if they can't figure it out after the results are in etc.Gave me some RX I told her that their prices are to high and that I'm going else where to get them. Doc was nice enough to write out the RX for me. She also called the next day to tell me what's going on and wanted more infor about whats my baby been eating and snacking on etc. To rule out allergy.
1	Please excuse my foul language throughout this review... Expect a long waiting game. all you do is sit in a room and wait. I cant even begin to express how livid I am right now. All I have to say is... what the fuck!? That was 2.5 fucking hours of my life i'll never get back thanks to these retards. I went to get a dental exam for my dog and they never even looked at her mouth or nothing. Just asked ME questions. what kind of a fucking exam is that?They put me in the exam room and left me there for almost an hour before someone finally came in... they talked to me for a brief few minutes, left, and then it was another half hour before the vet came in. and she basically asked me the same questions the first person asked me. You guys should really learn to COMMUNICATE! Never even got a "sorry for keeping you waiting" or anything. Then she left to make a call, and came back 10 minutes later. I know it doesn't take 10 minutes to make one fucking phone call. They never once touched my dog(besides the first lady, she was nice and gave my dog a treat), or asked me to show them what tooth i was referring to or anything. I had to be like "can i show you which tooth it is?" The entire time i'm sitting in that exam room, i cant help but think "I cant wait to get home so i can write a review about this place" The vet didn't seem like she knew much, I asked questions about root canal and she couldn't even give an exact answer, let alone an estimate on how much it would cost. I don't want a specific number... just give me a ball park... 500-2000? 1000-1500? 300-800? anything! I finally asked how much it would cost if i opted for an extraction... she leaves and 10 minutes later sends someone else to give me the estimate... estimate was $655-$731.... again... what the fuck?! for ONE tooth? shit, what a rip off! Then I asked the last person a question about a different animal hospital... she said hold on and leaves... 15 minutes later... I'm sick and tired of waiting that I  just fucking left!! Its not OK to keep people waiting... 2 and a half FUCKING hours?!?!?! what the FUCK is wrong with you guys!?!?!? I'll never ever EVER come back here, and I'll NEVER recommend this place to anyone.
2	Are all vets crooks?I took my 5 month old English Bulldog puppy in for shots.  I was so worried about the other animals I carried him in and would not put him on a floor other dogs were on. Visit went great and the cost for everything was $104 so I left happy. A few days later my dog was sick and coughing so I took him in.  Turns out it was kennel cough he got because they gave him an inhalation kennel cough vaccine instead of a shot (Since they are the experts I think they did this on purpose to get us back).  He also had conjunctivitis (where would he get this since he is NEVER around another dogs or kids, just me). They came back with 2 prices, one on the high side which included x-rays approx. $450 (to be sure it wasn't something else) and one on the low side (low only to their profit) approx. $250.  I went through and removed things, I didn't think I needed a retina stain for $37 or the $37 antibiotic shot since they were selling me antibiotic pills for $30, I also didn't want the steroids $30 but they talked me into that, I got medicine for his eyes (another $35) and the check up itself was reasonable at $40. So I ended up with about $140 for something they caused in the first place.
3	So my 3rd visit here, Today my baby needed his renewal of rabies shot. Total time spent was 10 minutes. Which was great there with no wait line. I called ahead to make an appt but they said I didn't need one. Which was great but I took a few stars away because I asked  the vet a few questions and she seems like she just void it. So I asked the questions again but in a different way and still no answers or response. She was like you have any questions about the rabies shot I'm like no but I have another questions and she then said she's not sure and maybe I needed to get it tested out. It's like gee thanks for nothing.
4	I recently moved to Missouri because my husband is in the military. We've been to two vets here and no one compares to the staff at Craig Road. I miss them terribly. Their facility is always clean, the staff is always helpful and you really get what you pay for. Dr. Stone was amazing when our new Boxer puppy developed H.O.D., we also saw Dr. Roach. We practically saw them once a week at one point because it was one thing after another with our pets. Really going to miss them. Dr. Stone and Dr. Roach were my favorites.
5	This is a very nice and caring vet.  Can always get an appointment - they are very thorough.  Never a wait, everyone there is very nice.
3	Wow! Holy crap that was an expensive visit! Okay, I have a golden retriever who got sick while he was boarded for the weekend (a MONTH after getting his Bordetella vaccine, no less!) anyways, I brought him here thinking I was being oh so money savvy because I had a free exam coupon and my on-base vet couldn't get us in. So anywhoo, Dr Calloway was super nice and wanted me to get him a chest x-ray and some blood work done. Mmmm okay I should have been suspicious when she left the exam room and sent her vet tech in with price quote sheet. I almost passed out! Well, I went ahead and got the stuff done, not knowing what was wrong with my poor baby who's never been sick. Two hours later, I was over $300 lighter in the wallet (including the  free exam coupon and military discount) and walked out with 10-days worth of 2 antibiotics and the hope that my big boy was on the road to wellness. I will say that the doc was great, took the time to go over his labwork and look at his chest x-rays and I could see he truly had "crud" going on in his lungs. He got an antiobiotic injection while there, plus 2 sets of oral antiobiotics to take. Thankfully my Dexter got better and we didn't have to go back. Good God that was expensive! I hear Ann Road is a little but more inexpensive, and I plan on giving them a shot as my backup next time. But this was a nice facility.
5	We have taken our pets (4 Pomeranians and 2 domestic cats) to the Craig Road Animal Hospital for grooming, shots and examinations for the last 8 years and have never had a problem.  Both the staff and the doctors have always been very pleasant and professional.
5	I have a French bulldog & an English bulldog. I had an issue with my Frenchy when we first got stationed at Nellis. We took her here because our neighbors told us to give them a try. I'm glad I did! They are on the cheaper side for vet care but cheap vet prices don't actually exist. We just had to make an emergency trip there for my English bulldog tonight. They got him in for surgery right away. All patched up and out the door for under $200! Including two medicines for the next week. My bulldogs are like my kids. I'd pay almost anything to keep them healthy and happy but shockingly low prices are way better than the usually shock of their vet costs!
3	Okay so I took my 6 month old pup here because she was coughing on and off. It almost sounded like she was trying to cough something up which scared me. After waiting about 20 mins (not bad) it was after work around 6:30pm - they brought us into the room where the doctor came in after about another 20 mins. The doctor then said she was breathing normally but recommended ax X-ray to make sure. Okay fair enough scan her. The results came back fine but said to put her on antibiotics because it could be kennel cough. The trip was about 200 including antibiotics but to me it did not sound like he was that educated. Will probably not return.
2	We have brought our previous dog there and we had a good experience, the vet that took care of him was thorough of what was going on with our dog. The next pet we brought there didnt seem like she cared. When it came to talk about the bill she seemed more interested in that. When they called us that our dog will be discharged that day, the vet wasnt even there to talk about his aftercare on how we should take care of him at home. Anyway, we took him home and the next morning he passed. We have paid alot of money to them but they have not gave good treatment to our boy. I felt that the vet who so-called took care of our pet, took advantage of us.
5	We have two doxies we take to Dr Stone. She is very kind and thorough. We never have had to wait to see her and the waiting room and exam rooms are always clean. We are often surprised at how reasonable the visits are, expecting it to be more.  We and our dogs are very happy with Craig Road Animal Hospital.
5	Dr.Cathleen Whitcraft, D.V.M was amazing with Rufus!!! You can tell the moment she walks into the room she has a true love for animals. Your pets response to her will say it all! Thank You so much! I will definitely recommend Craig Road Animal Hospital to anyone with pets!
3	This place is okay, but the prices are on the higher end, and they always recommend unnecessary things.  I've had dogs all my life and am active in the rescue community, so I take my rescue pups to vets all over Las Vegas and the southwest.  They always quote me everything that is possibly applicable, I fill the prescriptions online (and skip stuff I can get at any store for a fraction of the price over the counter), and take their advice with a grain of salt.  I moved to another vet for my personal pets because I am annoyed with the constant upsell.  I have three dogs and donate all my spare change to save dogs on the side; the last thing I need to do is waste money.  I feel like they're more focused on that than what is best for the dog, because sometimes, it IS okay to use homeopathic remedies, cheaper medicines, or alternatives to major surgeries or remedies.
5	Dr Cathleen Whitcraft and her vet tech Laura are an amazing team! I have to say I have been to quite a few vets in town, and I absolutely love this place! They give honest opinions and advice. Also, their compassion when it came "time" for my Mia will never be forgotten. Unfortunately I'm moving out of Vegas, and I will miss them a lot.
1	Vet in Latin means " bandit"..230 dollars for X-rays ?.. Please go fuck yourself in future.. still ripped off..but a little better Jesus h Christ on fucking sale $230 for a xray of a fucking dogs front leg Really?..and for the fucking vet to tell me what the fuck it means.....another $45.00Fuck em....
2	I give it 2 stars because I love Dr. Roach: he is an amazing vet and individual. However, I will never return because they gouge you big time. Unless you are made of money and live nearby, I can't see any reason for coming here.For instance, I just got my cat's teeth cleaned for $149 after a Living Social discount. The place I took her to normally charges $300. Craig Road quoted me a price of $550 for the exact same procedure.I have blown so much money at this place for being too lazy to seek out alternatives. Don't be a sucker like me.One more thing, I was expecting to also pay for a tooth extraction because one of the doctors at Craig Road told me a fang needed to be removed. I was pleasantly surprised when the new place told me the fang was fine.I forgot to mention several things previously, and I will rectify the situation now. CRAH is dedicated to one thing and one thing only, and that is to bleed you as much as they can; they care about nothing but money.On my last visit to this place, my cat was undergoing a procedure that put her under anesthesia, so I thought this would be an opportune time to get her shaved. Stupid me, one of those brilliant technicians they employ cut her during the process. I could have done that myself, which was why I thought i was doing the right thing by having them do it in the first place. You would think that with those usurious prices they charge they could afford to hire more competent staff. Another thing that always bothered me about this place is the way they always take your animal in back to do anything, so you never actually know if they are actually doing what they are charging you for. After visiting other vets my eyes have been opened. I was shocked when another vet actually brought in x-rays and showed them to me. Craig Road never does this, the doctor just comes back in and will say something like everything looked fine and they just want you to take their word for it, while they lighten your wallet by another 140 dollars.Don't be afraid to ask to see any x-rays, and always ask what a procedure will cost before they perform it, so you don't suffer from sticker shock. Ask what medications will cost before they prescribe them and read up a little beforehand to see if the medication is needed for it could be just another one of their up sells to fatten their bottom line, or better yet, do not go there at all.Another reviewer mentioned the high staff turnover. I imagine this could very well be due to a doctor not meeting their upsell quota, since they all recommend as many superfluous procedures as possible. Mike F., the man who responded to my post so sanctimoniously and so shamelessly probably tosses them out on their ear if they are not screwing every customer over to his satisfaction. Mike F. is completely full of shit and like this clip joint he runs, he stinks to high heaven. I wish I could remove those stars.Another reviewer asked "are all vets crooks?" in her review and I can answer with a definitive no.  Do not compare other operations to this place. True, lots of vets will play on your emotions, your love for your animal to separate you from your money but nothing in my experience compares to Craig Road. The culture that is instilled there is almost sociopathic in its callus greed. If my review seems bitter it is because I am angry at myself for having patronized this place too many times. I am to blame more than they are.It is sort of like the old parable about the good woman who found a frozen rattlesnake by the side of the road and took it home and nursed it back to health. When the snake recovered it bit her and as she lay dying she asked the snake why it repaid her in such fashion after all she had done for it, and the snake said in reply, "look bitch, you knew I was a snake." I feel like that gullible woman, or like the idiot who went back to the 3-card Monty game after having already been burned. So again, heed my advice, I implore you, stay away from the snake.
5	Craig Road Animal Hospital is the only vet I trust. The professional doctors and trained friendly staff are always prepared and ready for any emergencies. They saved my Piggys life and immediately jumped into action to start treating him. I bring both my pitbulls they love Dr.Daniels. She always makes me feel better too. When we would visit we would get the red carpet entry thru the back so we don't have to disturb other visitors. My dogs are aggressive to other animals and I could not find muzzles to fit them. Craig Road ordered me some so we could safely visit thru the front entrance. They offer all kinds of specials work with u financially and really do care! Thank you Craig Road Animal Hospital!
5	Great place with even better staff. They're very helpful, patient and caring. There have never been any surprise bills and they're very gentle with the animals. I only see Dr. Whitcraft because she is so personable, kind and terrific at her job. I highly recommend this place, especially compared to other vets I've been to throughout the years.
5	I'm so sad to read allll the bad reviews about this place. Either they have really stepped up their game or you guys are talking about a different clinic! Dr Parker and Rachel were excellent! They made Harvey and I completely comfortable, worked with him even though he has some aggressive issues (and gave pointers!), answered my questions, examined him for the issue at hand (that is what I prefer in doctors) and I will absolutely be back if we need them :)I have been to many different vets, Petsmart, on base, even other civilian clinics.. No one has ever treated Harvey as well as Rachel & Dr Parker. I recommend these two for anyone else weary about this clinic.
5	Dr. Calloway, Cortez, and Felicia have been amazing! We brought a rescue dog in because he had two huge seizures. We called to let them know we were coming at 9pm and they met us outside with a gurney. They rushed the pup back and let us stay with him the entire time. They have been so understanding and wonderful! Craig Road and crew never disappoint!
5	Brought our rescue pup in for a ruptured cyst and they got us right in. They were super sympathetic and careful not to overstress the dog. Very pleased with the work of Dr. Stone!
1	My family's regular vet is VCA Hualapai. They are the most amazing clinic ever. We adopted a rescue at the end of August, and his neuter was set up at this clinic. After a lot of disorganization and confusion on their part, I was finally able to take my rescue dog in for his procedure. The rescue organization and myself had only authorized my puppy's neuter and they were only paying for that one procedure. While my dog was under anesthesia, the vet doing the operation (Dr. Orleana Tampira, DVM) called me and the rescue to tell me both of my puppy's ear drums were RUPTURED, and how should she proceed. She stated his ears (smelled sour, were rampant with infection throughout the inner and middle ear and both ear drums were ruptured.) She wanted to know if I would pay for this or the rescue, a call for money per se. I was completely shocked and alarmed. My dog had been in for his regularly scheduled check up 10 days earlier and both ears were in optimal condition. I called my regular vet, she said something sounded out of sorts and told me to bring him in when I picked him up from his neuter. My dog had shown none of the symptoms that "Dr. Tampira" stated. I freaked for a minute, but got myself together and went to immediately pick him up when he was awake. Of the three people I interacted with (Juliet and Gabby? out front) and (Justin the tech who assisted) - not one of them mentioned an ear problem with my puppy. "Dr. Tampira" was also nowhere to be found. I left confused and went to VCA Hualapai. Our normal vet stepped out immediately, took my dog to treatment, looked at both ears and stated they were fine. Both of my dog's ear drums WERE NOT RUPTURED, and there were no signs of infection. They were also not cleaned as a courtesy while he was under anesthesia, because my vet found normal day to day debris in his ears. The only thing wrong with my puppy was he did not like his Victorian collar. She brought in a separate person to verify her results and I left VCA Hualapai reassured and without a payment. They did right by me, and my puppy. I give Craig Road Animal Hospital 1 star only because his neuter seemed to go well and his recovery seems OK. I'll know more when he goes next month for his next puppy wellness visit at our regular vet. The 1 star goes to the nice service from Justin the tech, and the two girls out front. The rest of the procedure was a scam for more money. "Dr. Tampira" told me my 21 week old dog with no symptoms had TWO ruptured ear drums and I have never been treated this bad by a vet. I was never provided PAPERWORK, CONSULT or EVIDENCE about my dogs "ruptured" ear drums. She just wanted to charge to mend something already fixed. I am thankful for my regular vet to reassure me that my dogs ears were great and he is OK. Shame for calling a dog owner while their precious pup is under sedation to squeeze more money out of them. I recommend this vet to no one, with the exception of the AVMA , State of NV, and BBB for proper auditing and observation of practices. Craig Rd keeps claiming my dogs ears are infected and ear drums are ruptured, while they are not. They have never provided proof. They have also expressed a desire to work with my vet to help him, but they never called them and I gave them all of her information and all of my dogs previous records several times. Something very bad went down that day, and I am just glad I got my dog home and he is OK.
5	I'm getting ready to bring our sweet baby Heart in tomorrow for her "Big Girl" surgery & caught up on her shots and routine examine health/ check up. I don't want to be up all night physically sick stressing over other people's reviews reading over and re-analyzing every last word. But I would like to thank CRAH- if it was not for your entire hospital and staff Heart would not be here alive now and have made it passed 5 months old- she just turned 5 in September. Before Heart we had Little Bear and with him was our first introduction to CRAH. They saved both of our Shiba Inu's lives Heart & Little Bear who has since gone to the rainbow bridge (who they handled his cremation for us). We didn't know about pet stores and thats where we got Bear in 07. We call both our rescue babies as we did save their lives from their start in a puppymill then to a "death shop" -  with the help and thanks to CRAH they both where saved. Little Bear  was beyond sick he was knocking on deaths front door. If you know the gimmick of how these death stores oops I meant pet store- how they operate and with their "free vet" visit then you understand what we went through pneumonia- incubation nebulizer treatments for both both of them . My grandma accidently let Little Bear out Jan of 09 when he was about a 1 1/2 old he was hit on the 215. My mom went to the same pet store traumatized over Bear and come home with Heart. Same thing all over with the pneumonia but she was even more sick than what we had already been through. There are just no words that you can express when it comes to saving lives and thats exactly what happened for our family 2 seperate times their lives where saved inside your hospital. Our little Heart girl is the glue that holds our family together she is our reason for living breathing and existing my girl is our lives. Now she is getting ready for her "Big Girl" surgery tomorrow.. Why now at 5 years old? Well we are bringing home our Shikoku puppy within a week and we have to get Heart ready so they will get along better and hopefully she wont exert her dominance as much after her surgery. The Shikoku's are the rarest out of the 6 native Japanese dog species going back to 12,000 BC the Shiba Inu's date early as 5,000 BC. There are only 3 Shikoku breeders within the US they are a very rare breed in the wntire world. The mother and father of our Kima girl are very famous in the dog & show world her father is on the cover of books and magazines. This is the first generation within their bloodlines to be born within North America  we only demand the best for our special girls (every life is special no life more so than another) and just like Heart  when she was a puppy this is where we are going to take Kima of course also. The only difference this time around is my puppy is healthy and not knocking on deaths front door as Heart was and will actually be looking forwa rd to this experience this time around- and because of you all we can I just want to extend my sincere gratitude thanks and appreciation for truly giving me my "Heart" back to myself and our family
5	I have been taking my family to CRAH for a number of years and all or experiences there have been excellent. Their various staff and doctors, current and past, have expertly and compassionately treated my dogs and cats - including a puppy adoption and a senior dog rescue. The puppy is now a healthy 7, while the sweet senior had to be put to sleep after suffering a sudden stroke. My husband and I were besides ourselves with grief. The folks here were just tremendous through it all - with Onyx and us. We lost a very senior kitty whom we'd had for 16 years, waking to find he had passed in the night. Again, hugely distraught, we brought his body to the clinic immediately that morning. The staff could not have been kinder or more gracious. We still have that cat's sister, and she goes in for her vaccinations and occasional boarding visits for several days at a time. She's up there in years and a bit creaky now, but they still treat her with TLC.  I'll stop after adding that I was referred to CRAH by a friend with three big dogs who had been seeing Dr. Myke for years. She also has only the best things to say.
5	My poor dog was attacked by a neighbor's dog while out for a walk and had an injured left front leg and a couple of scratches and was unable to walk and whimpered whenever we touched her. The Craig Animal Hospital was the only animal hospital open after 5 pm to take care of my dog.  We were seen immediately by Dr. Stone and her staff, and were kept informed of her condition.  Thankfully, a pain shot injection had my dog as good as new :) For a panicked pet owner this is a wonderful hospital.  The staff was very helpful and caring.  I would recommend  this place to any pet owner! They truly understand how to care for pets!
5	I have been taking my pets to Craig Road Animal Hospital since the summer of 2013.  I have always had positive encounters with the staff; everyone is super friendly and helpful!  Craig Road Animal Hospital is always clean and I have never had a bad experience there. Their hours of operation are also very helpful to my busy schedule, I highly recommend them!
3	The facility is very nice and so is the staff but what really turns me off is receiving 2 quotes for a neuter (35bucks) then leaving with a 170 dollar bill. I don't get why it's so hard to mention that there will be additional fees or to state that neuters START at 35. I'm guessing that's for no anesthesia? Someone clue me in! Also my boyfriend had dropped my cat off and he told me they told him he NEEDED to get the cat chipped. That's an extra 40 dollars.  I feel like they're car salesmen! Selling extras! He told them the cats are indoor cats and don't need it and the lady told him it's needed. If I was present I would've said NO THANK YOU. I guess I'm just really annoyed about receiving two quotes for 35 and NO MENTION  of any additional charges. I'd like to give you five stars but I don't even think I'll be bringing my female in for a spay here.
1	This place is a total rip off they have vet come in and then have people come in after diagnosis with huge estimates for treatments unbelievable prices ... Went right after to another animal hospital and was given a price from the vet themselves and no huge outrageous estimate... My puppy was dying and all they could see was $ signs... Needless to say my puppy survived parvo but with no help from craig road animal hospital  and all the help in the world from another pet hospital not far from this used car dealership of a vet office ...
5	We switched to CRAH in September of 2012 when we rescued our 3rd Boxer. After paying, in my opinion, extortionate fees at another vets office. From the first moment I stepped in to the office, we were greeted by friendly receptionists. I am very diligent went it comes to my dogs, so this first visit was secretly an interview to see if the vets here would be deemed 'fit' to take care of my precious Boxers (I'm not kidding either ;). After that first appointment, I left feeling incredibly comfortable with my new choice of veterinary care. Having Boxers means we are there frequently!! We have seen pretty much all of the vets there and they all know my dogs well. The staff greet us by our names and with a huge smile. Sadly, we have been through some dire medical conditions and even had to have one of my senior boys who was suffering with cancer, put to sleep. Throughout that whole 2 month process, I feel as though we were treated with respect, love and most definitely a shoulder for support. I would arrive for the appointments every time, in tears and everyone was unbelievably nice and kind. They offer a service where you can opt for the vet to come to your home while you say goodbye to them, and this is what we chose (twice now) and each time the doctor (and Wes, the vet tech) were awesome. The place is staffed with a medical professional 24/7, therefore, on the occasion where one of my dogs might be required to  spend a night after a procedure, I know they are never left alone - something I absolutely could never allow! I am also a board member of a local rescue in town and we use CRAH as one of our veterinary choices for the dogs who come through the rescue. I have read some other reviews complaining of hidden charges etc and I can only say that from my personal (frequent) experience, every time we have been presented with 2 quotes - low end and high end, which is standard procedure with most vets in this town, and we were given an unpressured choice as to which additional procedures we wanted. I have explained many times that money is a huge issue for us, we don't have much therefore I need to keep costs as low as possible, however I don't want to cut out anything deemed necessary. I have never felt pressured or bullied or a bad "mum" when I have declined some services. As long as I have dogs, I will use CRAH to care for them. As a last note, after reading some of the negative reviews which are basically people complaining about having to pay for their animals medical costs, to them I say this, "you own an animal by your own choice. The odds that at some point during its lifetime it will get sick or injured and need veterinary care, are extremely high. Either get pet insurance, or be prepared to pay for your animals well being, or, just don't get an animal if you can't afford to take care of it. Exams, X-rays, surgeries all cost money. Why do you expect to get it for nothing? Vets study for many, many years and don't earn that great a salary, which means they do this for their love of animals. They deserve to get paid, and you need to be respectful of that"
1	I will never take my kitties back here, EVER! This is pretty lengthy but if you read it, you will understand why:On Monday 4/21/14 I came in for a simple ultrasound on one of my cat's abdomens- she had been vomiting for going on 5 weeks now- I had already gotten blood work and x-rays done with a previous vet which showed nothing- next step was ultrasound and then, possibly, surgery. Most vets don't have their own ultrasound equipment and time was of the essence at this point and since Craig Rd does, I simply just wanted the ultrasound so we had some kind of jumping off point of, if they had to do surgery, which organ(s) are affected I  brought my cat in at 640pm (after work and getting copies of her records), we waited for a room for approx 30 mins, no problem. When we got into a room, I was told it'd be another 45 mins before I could see someone. I was fine with this as I just needed some kind of answer for her. After 30 mins, a tech came in, asked me a bunch of questions and left. 20 mins later Dr. Calloway came in and asked me the same questions and stated in the least compassionate way that "we will just have to open her up and do exploratory surgery". Now, I was not opposed to doing the exploratory surgery but I wanted the ultrasound in addition to this to see upfront which area they need to explore. I was trying not to put my cat through any more than she needed. Dr. Calloway went on that they needed to do x-rays and blood work again- what for? I just had these tests done not even a month ago when she first started getting sick. She said exploratory surgery is the only way to be sure since I have done everything else. If this is the case, why did she feel it necessary to rerun tests we already did if they just wanted to slice and dice her? Now it was nearly 8pm and she informs me that the vet who can do ultrasound is going home when I was told by the front desk staff that any vet could do this. So, I asked what the cost for this procedure would be (just curious) and she said "I'll be right back". Another 20 minutes went by and another tech came in with a printout of everything they wanted to do to her- x-rays, blood work, ultrasound (even though she said it wasn't needed) and on and on to the tune of $2700 and change. Really? And he says "Ok- so you're gonna leave her here with us tonight to do this surgery tomorrow." Umm, no! I already told the vet this- didn't she hear anything I said?In the entire 2+ hours that we were there, not once did anyone even look at my cat! They don't even know what she looks like! All they did was talk to ME and not check on the patient. I would've got the same result had I shown up there myself without her. Why did I have to stress her out and have her in a kennel for over 2 hours, not even including the car ride there and back if they weren't even going to look at her, much less do the procedure I was specifically there for?? So, I left in disgust. I wound up taking my baby, Panda, to Advanced Animal Care in Boca Park for the ultrasound that Thursday (1st available appt) and they found a blockage in her small intestine. Surgery was necessary so we scheduled that for Friday morning and they removed part of her intestine which was necrotic (dead), the blockage had blocked the blood supply and killed off that part of her. My point is, the ultrasound showed where they needed to "explore", and that is what I needed to know. Panda is home now and doing great! I would like to add that Advanced Animal Care, Dr. Pederson, saw nothing wrong with her blood work and x-rays and did not find it necessary to redo these same tests. She also understood the urgency of our situation. AND, since Panda had to stay overnight 3 nights, she actually stayed with her! Who does this? Vets don't typically stay with their patients. And the cost? $920- including pathology of the dead tissue, just to be sure. That is a far cry from $2700! So, all I can say is, I will never go back to Craig Rd and Dr. Pederson at Advanced Animal Care will be my vet from this point forward because of the superior care she gave my baby. Please do your research and ask questions! Your pet is depending on you for it's life! It is my belief that Dr. Calloway at Craig Rd. was trying to play on my emotions and get more money. My gut feeling about her is that she really didn't care about Panda at all and was all about the money. It's $185 for ultrasound with them- I paid $400 with Advanced Animal Care and you know why? It was worth the price to get it done right and in the long run, it cost me less and Panda got superior care. I'm sorry this is so long but I wanted to be very clear about why I  will never step foot in there again. I just felt like they turned their back on me and her when we needed them and felt I was being taken advantage of with the situation.
5	I just took my puppy Paris to Craig Animal Hospital and the Doctor and Staff were super nice. I've never had a problem with them, so I'm very surprise to see all the bad reviews. I will recommend this hospital to anyone. Everyone tries to help you in anyway they can. Paris has been to different Vets and I can honestly say Craig Animal Hospital has been the best!
1	I keep giving this place a chance but yet again I'm disappointed. I had my dogs boarded here for two days and spoke to three different people about having my two dogs bathed as well as their nails trimmed while they were boarded. When I picked them up and was reviewing the bill, I noticed I was not charged for those services. The woman at the counter asked if I requested the bath and nail trim when I dropped them off! Yes, I told her, with three different people! I told her forget it and get my dogs. When I left, I was told my dogs need dental work. Every time I go there, I leave feeling like I've dealt with a used car salesman. Stop trying to sell me unnecessary services and focus on completing those services that have been requested! Yes I understand a $25.00 bath doesn't matter when you keep trying to sell me a $300.00 dental service. No more of this place!
5	my pup had swallowed a fish hook and the vets took care of it right away. surgery seemed to go very well and now we are in the healing process. the price seemed fair and the staff was nice
5	I have been using this vet for about 4 years. I trust them to give me honest advice without worrying about it being about the bottom dollar. I also highly recommend their boarding service, I've always used a different service for pet boarding and recently had my two dogs stay with Craig Road. they offer a huge run where both my dogs can be together, for less than half of what petsmart charges. I cannot recommend them enough. I wouldn't take my dogs anywhere else.
4	As we were excited that we adopted our dog Mister from the animal shelter, this animal hospital was close to our house. When they said he was healthy and had no problems,  we were surprised to hear that wasn't the case. As we were upset with all the problems Mister had,  they have been very nice and caring toward all his needs. We are happy we brought Mister home and very happy with the way this hospital has been taking care of our dog. Thanks for everything guys!
5	I love Craig road animal hospital, my dog is fearful and can be a difficult patient, however when I bring her here EVERYONE is very nice and accommodating I notice my dog is a bit more at ease as well. Dr. Murphy is amazing!!
5	I was reading some of the not so great comments, and I truly believe that it's all in the vets you see. Jessica Hagstette is amaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazing!! I see her whenever possible and even when I see her outside of the clinic she always remembers my fur babies and to stop and ask how they're doing. Unfortunetly, when my little girl passed, I had to see someone different who was on call. Dr. Khamsi was nothing short of amazing. The procedure was going to cost $$$$ - and when I asked in her professional opinion if it would make a difference, she stated that she didnt think our girl would make it through the night and to not go through such a pricey procedure. She cried as she helped our little girl pass painlessly. Some vets truly do care about your animals and not the money. I would recommend CRAH over and over again.
5	I brought my dog here to get spayed.  The customer service was warm and friendly.  The veterinarian explained the procedure thoroughly.  The veterinarian assistant explained the healing process, and the effects of the meds.  The day after the procedure I received a call checking on my dog, which I appreciated.  I will definitely bring my dog back again!
4	My dog needed to her shots, I called Craig Road Animal Hospital and was told I did not need an appointment and I could come right in.  And I did!  There was a short wait, maybe 15 minutes.  But the place was clean and the staff friendly.  My pet and I were happy.  I had a good feeling about this place and didn't see any red flags.  I had planned to board my dog someplace else, but canceled that reservation to board with CRAH. I am looking for a long and happy relationship with CRAH.
4	I came here very early in the morning with my cat, who was very sick. I was glad to find a place with long hours and a lot of available services. I saw Dr. Hagstette, and she was so much nicer (and seemed more knowledgeable) than two other vets I had brought my cat to over the past few months. After being here for hours, receiving test results, and discussing my options, I thought it was best for my cat to be put down. All of the staff were kind and understanding, and didn't seem to be bothered by how I just bawled my eyes out the entire time I was there. The day I spent here was one of the worst days of my life, but I feel confident that my cat was in good hands. And as for price, my total costs were a lot less than I expected.
5	Absolutely the best veterinary clinic that I've ever been to. Dr. Mike is wonderful with ali his patients and he explains everything prior to doing anything any procedure. Aftercare is explained in detail and will definitely be back..
4	Was so impressed with Dr. Chris Roberts. He was so thorough and explained everything he was doing while examining my dogs. Most importantly, he was passionate and beyond friendly. Dr. Roberts has definitely restored my confidence with this location.
5	Have been here twice with two different pets. First a stray cat we adopted. He had a sore on his chin and after dental cleaning/X-rays/extraction he's all better. Had bad infection. Dr tampira was great. Kept me updated throughout procedure and just overall has a very caring kind demeanor. Took my doxie a few days ago for dental cleaning. Requested dr tampira. She asked how cat was doing and was very good with our dog. Love this place and will continue to take our pets there. Great care, amazing staff!
5	Craig Road staff has always been very helpful with 3 different pets of mine over the past 12 years. Emergency services and final arrangements are excellent and handled professionally, with care, and with thoughtfulness. Unfortunately, I have had to use those services, but I am very grateful for the availability and trust for me and my furry family during those times.
5	I am so grateful to the staff. My 2 1/2 week old puppy started breathing hard on Christmas Eve and the round the clock staff took my calls and helped me and took him in and saved his life! He had pneumonia! I received phone calls, even on Christmas Day, regarding his status. They bottle fed him every two hours and gave him medicine until he was well enough to go home three days later. I am so grateful. Thank you Craig Road Animal Hospital!
