2	Arizona Charlie's is like a nice motel and a small casino in one. In fact its almost identical to Agua Caliente Casino in Palm Springs.Its a tiny off the strip casino that caters to drunk locals, and has-beens from a day gone by. The casino itself has all your normal games, and a couple I'd never seen before, and hope to never see again.The main bar is in the middle of the room, with a large round bar with inset video poker machines at each seat.The band playing was a mix between Beyonce, Luther Vandross, and Celine Dion. Each band member basically channeling each of their look alikes, while parlaying that into something strange and all around amusing/sad musical scene.The rooms are spacious and nicely appointed with the tiniest TVs ever, but they are all suite style.Security abounds outside this establishment based on its location in the less good part of town.If you can avoid this place I'd say do it. For my purposes this weekend it was just fine.
3	Aight...They get a 3 star jus cuz their chicken wings 4rm the food court inside the casino R fuckin BOMB!!!  Its honestly pretty damm good & @ a cost of $4.25 for 8 wings & sum fries, U can't go wrong...They got 24 hour BINGO & that's prolly the +'s 4 this hotel...The rooms R @ best a 2 star...They got 2 TVs n the King Suite & there's a lil table & couch 4 sitting, but WTF is up wit the sink next 2 the bed?  They got a lil walk-in closet that U could do sum things n cuz there's a enuff room 2, but U coulda used that space 4 sumthin else...The faucets didn't have a marking 4 the hot/cold...No fridge, no microwave...MAN!!!  Good thing the wings were good cuz that saved them...4 real...
4	What? No one has reviewed Arizona Charlie's?It's a total goddamn shithole, which is totally the reason you have to go there. The casino looks like it was built out of a mobile trailer and the customers have been bred up along with the buildings. My memory tells me that it was the first place I saw the mysterious appeal of 'penny slots'.The reason you go here is because of the Sourdough Cafe, which serves cheap food (3.99 steak and eggs is only blasphemy because they changed it to a real-ish looking steak sauced in that faux charcoal flavoring that Burger King uses and before they did, it was 2.99.) It's open 24 hours. There is keno, and strange people, like the guy who overheard our conversation and informed us that testicles was a lot more polite than balls. Or the OTHER guy who stopped to talk about how much he too loved Jack Kirby, and was working on bringing live women's mud-wrestling to the Strip.The buffet is utter shit, which makes the Circus Circus buffet sound appealing. There also used to be a gourmet room, believe it or not, which did pretty decent staples like Fillet Mignon and stuffed salmon. I liked it, but it was above the budget and heads of the usual suspects and so it got replaced with an Outback Steakhouse, which closed very shortly after it opened.I also note that there is a vintage coin-op "The Simpsons" in the tiny closet-sized arcade which costs a quarter to play. Enjoy.
4	arizona charlie's sourdough cafe has recently remodeled adding flat screen tv's and a bar, they now have about 1/3 less seating creating a painfully long wait-20 to 30 minutes. however when you get seated you notice there is plenty of empty seats the hostess is playing some damn mind game or just pathetically slow-probably the latter. the service is very fast & friendly. they serve coca-cola products so that's a big plus in our book. *if you have your players club card you get a special menu with the cheap meals. the new decor is nice & refreshing especially the bar & tv's. they used to have just the keno boards. the food is decent for the price but the eggs were runny-actually they seemed like boil in a bag jail eggs.(not good at all) the hashbrowns were good & crispy but small. the toast was cooked just right not burnt. the ham steak was just right very tasty & juicy. the sirloin was kinda small and a little gristly. the biscuits were fresh & flaky and the gravy was good. overall it's not bad but the portions are alot smaller than before but still a good bargain. less than $20 for 3 people
3	Lame. New policy at the Arizona Charlies limits the 3.99 steak and eggs to people over 21 with a player's card. Since I don't gamble, that effectively ruins this place for me. I'm bummed out and in search of a new cheap dive eatery for my Vegas steak and eggs.
4	Admittedly, I haven't been there in about 8 months or so, so I haven't seen the place since the revamp.  But I loved the 3.99 Steak and Egg Special.  It's the second best deal in Las Vegas (behind Mr. Lucky's Gambler Special). My rating isn't so much about the cheap food served credibly,  but the characters that call the place home.  I usually sit at the counter.  Everyone else there must eat there everyday.  They all seem to know each other and the staff.  You can eavesdrop the most interesting of stories, while you're there.  So the food is ok, but there is a certain genuineness to counter area that's hard to find, especially in Las Vegas.   I fear that may ave been uprooted with the remodel.  I'll update after my next visit.
1	Arizona Charlie's was recommended to us by family who live in Vegas. We came for their wedding, and they told us this place was a good deal. This was how I learned we were the black sheep of the family, because there is no way I would tell even my worst enemy to ever step foot in this place.Every casino/hotel in Vegas has a smoky atmosphere, but in this place you can feel the gritty cigarette smoke that hangs in the unfiltered air. The front desk staff are apathetic if not necessarily rude. You have to give your room key to security before you can get into the elevator, not because they are so up-scale as to offer added security but because only psychopaths and desperate people come here, and desperate people will probably try to break into your room at some point to steal whatever they can get their hands on.The beds were uncomfortable but the rooms were clean at least. My requested wake-up call came through, even though when I called at 2 a.m. to request a 6 a.m. wake-up call the operator laughed at me like I was insane, which I was not to pack up and leave the moment our taxi first pulled up to this hell-hole.A word on the food, which everyone points to as the reason to ever come here: the buffet is horrendous, don't do it. The cafe has a great burger and fries special with your player's club card (you don't actually have to play, the card is free) for about 2 dollars; at 3 in the morning you can take all your siblings and their kids to the cafe for the 3.99 ham and eggs (one players card for every 4 people will ensure everyone gets this rockin' deal) and no one will leave hungry, though the potatoes were cold once and the ham is salty. Still, I think I'd rather have paid a lot more for food and stayed someplace where I wasn't worried about what I would catch walking down the hall to my room.All in all, I will never forgive my family for suggesting this place, and I actually may never go back to Vegas, because all the glitz and glamour in the world will not be able to erase the traumatic memories I have of that city now. Thanks a lot, Arizona Charlie's. Oh, but if I do go back, I will take full advantage of the free drinks cocktail waitresses bring you when you are sitting at a machine, not even playing but just waiting for the rest of your party to come down so you can leave. Free pina coladas at 8 in the morning is the only way I made it through this weekend.
5	One of the better lower-scale buffets. Very nice people, hearty food, and good price. Highly recommended.
3	The only reason we started coming to this place was for their $3.99 steak and eggs (or ham and eggs). You have to get their player's card (ACE) so that you get 10% off of your food bill.  It's a great meal for the price, or actually, at any price.  Once we also added a waffle with whipped cream and strawberries, and it was crispy, yet melted in our mouths. It was sweet enough with the toppings that it didn't require any syrup. After eating, we got sucked into staying in the casino for a bit. One friend had heard that the Wizard of Oz slot machine pays off, so we played a bit. It's fun when you get the flying monkey bonus or get to pick your winning credits by choosing emeralds and looking for the four characters to add to your bonus.  There's also a blackjack table with a bonus bet called lucky lucky where you bet a dollar next to your regular bet, and if your two cards plus the dealer's up card add up to at least 19, then you win at least twice your lucky bet. If your cards plus the dealer's up card is a 6-7-8, you get 50 to 1, and if they're suited, you get more.  It seemed like I would win more on the lucky bet than on the regular bet.This casino is filled with locals, has a small town feel, and is definitely a change of pace from the fashionable hotel/casinos on the strip. You may see lots of "characters" there. That's the best way I can describe what you'll see there.  Try it out.
1	Okay so I have a pad in Vegas and think Let's try some locals place! HA!!! GROSS!!!!!With a players card this gets you to $6.49 for dinner I think it was or $6.99...I'd rather have HOME TOWN BUFFET!Worst Buffet Ever!!!!!Okay at least the Diet Pepsi was good! :)Take Care....
3	Nice place to play and eat.  It is a locals spot though.
4	We came here because we had a 2 for 1 buffet coupon from the American Casino Guide.  We stayed to play because it has a very positive feeling throughout the casino, and everyone from the drink servers to the cashiers had a wonderful attitude.The Buffet:  Good for the price we paid.  They had a nice salad section with chilled salad plates.  They had a meat carving station with roasted chicken, turkey, and ham even though it was lunch. The Asian selections were good.  Basic stuff like chow mein, and orange chicken.  I don't usually eat dessert when at a buffet, but the rest of the family said it was good.  My husband enjoyed the berry pie and the ice cream.  Good selection, and it even pleased my vegetarian sister in law!  The waitress was very attentive and refilled out glasses before we even needed to ask.  Even without a BOGO coupon, we will be returning!The Casino:  Tables were very friendly.  The dealers at the $2 craps tables were personable and funny.  We went back on two different occasions (we were staying on the strip) just because the dealers were so great!  They have quite a few video poker machines which is what you expect to see at a "locals" casino.  However, they have many penny and quarter slots too.  The cashiers were so friendly.  When I went to cash in my chips, they greeted me with a smile, and acted like they were happy to see me.  It is a wonderful change from quite a few of the "strip" hotels, where it seems you are bothering them.  Next time I am in Vegas I am definitely coming back here.  I'd rather spend my money and time in a place that treats me like a valued guest than where I am just another inconvenience.
4	We eat here for breakfast every time we are in Vegas. On our last trip (923/10 to 9/27/10) we decided we try another place closer to the strip and it only made us appreciate the Sourdough Cafe more! Our steaks are always cooked to order, the over easy eggs are NOT greasy and the coffee is good! We usually just dine and dash but this time we were wonderfully surprised with a NO SMOKING room to play video poker! I was one happy girl with a cup of hot joe, video poker and smoke free air-all in one casino!
2	Smoky and old. The last time we went here, we weren't a couple yet, and we were here with two friends checking out a favorite lounge band of mine "650." Some toothless older man (who was probably drunk) asked one of our friends to dance, which caused some uncomfortable silence later on, is all I am gonna say- it's kind of a long story. He did mutter in a southern accent- almost hillbilly,  "You made me a sad white boy." That is one of the memories associated with this casino. It's funny now, but at the time, of course, it was weird. The lounge was very small, but there was a dance floor. And we did get down a few times. Miss that band/group.  When we first moved here, my mom's friends (my Ninang's family) brought us here to the buffet which I thought was just ok. I thought the casino was dated (even back then) and the customers were mostly seniors. There was a super cheap breakfast special though, for years.
1	Location not too far from the strip and amazing rates (the last trip we were able to stay 2 nights, $15/person/night on a holiday weekend) is what brought me and my friends back this year.  I checked us in this time, and the concierge was very helpful and super friendly.  Their main restaurant reminded me of an IHOP or Coco's - mediocre food, to be expected at this type of off-strip casino, and the buffet was a pleasant surprise for the price.  I don't gamble, but my friends were huge fans of their late night Bingo and almost everyone won a game there or at the slots.However: my roommate rented out a huge, multi-room suite on the top floor (couple hundred $$/night).  A comforter on one of the beds had a large, noticeable dried-up stain on it, and he later found a crack pipe which appeared to have been recently smoked and still had remnants in it stuffed into a roll of toilet paper.  He immediately brought these items to management's attention who apologized and offered a discount of some sort that would be accounted for when we checked out.  On check out day, we were told no discount would be given, and after a drawn out discussion they decided to take $20 off of his bill, their excuse being that maybe he was the one who planted the pipe to obtain a discount (which THEY had originally offered, he hadn't asked for.)  My roommate's been sober for 10 years.  Then they pointed the finger at me since I had a key to his room.  Seriously?  They balked when I offered to take a drug test on the spot and gave us 8 vouchers for a free buffet.  Problem with that is we had no use for them since we were leaving, plus there were 10 people in our party.This place would have easily garnered 3 or 4 stars, but management lost 2 - mainly for accusing us of illegal activity.  I wouldn't recommend against staying here, just hope that no drug paraphernalia shows up in your bathroom.  If it does, you're on your own.
4	I like this place.  I'm a cheap bastard, and I can always get a decent room for a good price here.  If you have 5 star tastes and a huge expense account, Arizona Charlie's isn't for you.  But, if you want a decent room to crash for not a lot of money, it's well worth considering.I should add the security is very good here.  A security guy would ask to see my key card every time I entered the hotel room area.  One time I thought I lost my key card in my car.  A couple of security guys noticed and asked if everything was ok.  Afterwards, I noticed there was usually someone patrolling the parking lot, which made me feel my car was safe there.  The staff fixed me up with a new card no problem, and was very polite even though I was making extra work for them.I also felt the buffet was very good for the price.  Again, the staff was very friendly to me, from my waitress, to the chefs, even the guy that cleaned the restroom was pretty cool.One down side is if you didn't drive into Vegas, its way too far to walk to The Strip or the Convention Center.  Also, I like swimming, and the pool was nothing special.I just stayed at Arizona Charlie's again.  The security again was outstanding.  I was telling my friend how good the security was when we drove up to the place, and immediately we saw the bike patrol guy in the parking lot.  The same thing happened the second time we drove into the parking lot.  We didn't even get into our room before yet another guard appeared patrolling the hallway.  So, A+ for public safety.Ate a lot at at the Sourdough Cafe.  Food was good and prices were very reasonable.  I should mention if you get biscuit's and gravy, the biscuit part is literally drowning in gravy!I thought the buffet went down a minor notch from the last time I was there, in both quality and the selection of food.  Still not bad, though.Internet was like $11.95 for 12 hours, which is my only major complaint.One minor complaint is their billing system is very hard to decipher.  They didn't try to overcharge me or anything, but I couldn't figure out how they came up with their final price.My friend and I both agreed we would stay there again.Another update to my review.  I just stayed a few more days at Arizona Charlies in 2012.  Let me say again the security here is top notch.  When I drove into the parking lot, a cop car was cruising around.  Every time I went to my car at night, I saw a security guy riding around on his bicycle.  Never had a crime related problem here.Ate at the Sourdough Cafe 3 times, tried all of their breakfast specials once.  Good bang for the buck.  They had a good chicken pot pie for $6, I think the skillet breakfast  two eggs, hash browns and choice of bacon or sausage and toast or biscuit and gravy was only $2.99, I think it was even 10% less than that if you have an Ace card.I should add the crowd that patronizes this place definitely tends to be older.  So don't expect to see a lot of beautiful gals or guys hanging around here.  The upside is your hotel room neighbors will probably be quiet so you can get a decent night's sleep.One small downside is the garbage truck always seems to do it's pick-up around 2:45AM, and from my room I could definitely hear it.  Why can't management arrange for a more reasonable pick-up time?My friend stayed at the Mirage for 3 days.  His bill was $650 for one person, but he did get 2 buffet tickets.  My bill was less than $160 for 3 days for 2 people.  I had just stayed at the Hilton in Monterey, and although the room there was nicer than Arizona Charlie's, it really wasn't that much nicer.I'm going to keep going back to Arizona Charlies, because for me it is a good hotel for not a lot of money.
5	come to the cheapest local buffet for thanksgiving or close to it if you have a rewards card it is 10.99 13.99 i think without
3	First off, this review is for the casino and bingo hall. I've not stayed here, and I've not eaten here. I've been to the Boulder AC on multiple occasions. It was never anything special. However, upon my first trip to the Decatur AC (for a yearly Thanksgiving Bingo ritual) I was nicely surprised. The casino feels much smaller than many other locals joints. I don't know if that is actually true, but that is the feeling I get. Most of the floor is filled with slots, very few tables, and when we came, only a few were of the tables were open. We came for bingo, but had about an hour before our game, so we played a few slots. We found a nice variety of the cheap penny slots. My wife won on a few machines, so that was nice. We play very rarely, so its nice when we can win. The floor is really smoky, as expected. The low ceilings add to the smoky interior. The cocktail waitresses were friendly, as was the bar staff. However, the only beers they had on tap were Bud & Bud Light. Yuck! Onto the Bingo Hall. The bingo hall was nice and large. Larger than others I've been too, and much nicer than the AC on Boulder. It wasn't smoky (but it also was pretty empty). AC Decatur is one of the only paces in town you can play bingo 24 hours a day, so I can't be real picky. The price for bingo is pretty standard, about $5 if you have players card and buy the lowest level pack. We play for fun, so that is what I did. The bar and the Bingo Hall was typical, except the beer was the same as in the bar downstairs. The bartender says you have to have a certain players card to get Coor's products. In the end, we didn't win, but had a great time. We will definitely be hitting up the AC on Decatur for Bingo in the future!
4	This is a good budget hotel. Understand that it's a distance away from The Strip. A good cab ride. Probably an expensive cab ride. But that's why the rooms are so cheap.The only problem I had was when I arrived. I had booked a room through Hotwire and they had no record of me. It turns out some how I was booked at the Boulder Highway location. It took about 20 minutes to iron out the problems. The rate was great for the quality of the room. I was in the north wing.I did not eat at any of the restaurants. You're fairly close to Las Vegas Chinatown and there's many good places to eat there.The Hotwire booking listed the room as not having Internet. They do, but it's something like $13 a day extra.
1	I'm not sure where to begin. Perhaps starting with three days after I returned home from Arizona Charlie's. Coughing, lethargic, gloomy. Mostly that can be blamed on the lack of ventilation and the probable 2-pack-per-day-per-customer cigarette habit that sucked every bit of fresh air out of each square inch of the building(s). Maybe it was the years of sealed in despair that permeated throughout. Down-on-their-luck locals coming for the penny slots - surely this will be the day I make up for all the lost years? Yes, there were a few clueless tourists there for the cheap rates and the $3.99 steak/eggs deal, though how anyone could have eaten through the fog of smoke is a mystery to me. Some horrific details: a broken down pensioner at the poker table, two overflowing ashtrays next to him. A gooey substance above the light switch in my room. More motorized scooters than I care to remember. On a positive note, it's been almost a month since I was there and I seem to be disease free. Nothing was stolen and the parking lot was well-lit.But, we were there for a middle-school basketball tournament and if anyone thinks that's a healthy environment for young teens, well then let's shoot back in time to 1972.The only way I could see myself back there would be if I were to become another person - one with a gambling problem and nowhere else to turn.
4	This review is for the casino/bingo hall.Call me crazy, but when in Vegas...I wanna play BINGO! LoL. I couldn't really find anywhere on the strip that had bingo...so I ended up finding this place that has a bingo game every odd hour. The person at the counter was very nice and helped me understand how to play the game. Basically, if you're a beginner, they recommended the electronic version which basically plays the game for you. You just have to raise your hand and say BINGO!!! when you get it....and guess what?!?! I said BINGO!!! and won $13. LoL. Yippie! Oh, and the casino has a smoke free section. How cool is that?
3	This is a review for the buffet at Arizona Charlies.  Took my teenage son here for dinner. Buffets are always a winner with him coz he can count on having 2 of his 4 food groups available to eat which are pizza and fried chicken.  With the players card, I got a sizable discount.  The spread is somewhat limited and has a little of the feel of the dining hour at a nursing home, not too spicy, nothing too tough to chew (except for the prime rib).  What I noticed was how clean the restaurant was (no leftover globs of spilled dressing at the salad bar) and how friendly the staff greeted me.  I almost thought we were dining in Boulder City.  My son loved the fried okra, his 3rd food group and the corn on the cob was super sweet and not floating in that congealed yellow stuff so commonly seen at buffets.  Desserts are pretty basic, not extravagant, but the wait staff was quick to fill my iced tea and son's coke.  The food is worth the money, will fill you up without draining your wallet, and won't make you sick after.  Give it a try when you want to eat, but not out to impress.
1	wow... what can I say...by far the worst place I have ever stayed at in ANY price range.The only reason we didn't leave after the first night, is because we had friends staying in the next room.location: FAIL, way off the strip, $25 taxi ride (one way)staff: FAIL, not friendly, I felt like they really didn't care if we were there or not.room: EPIC FAIL, bare electrical wiring showing in the bathroom? dirty room, many things broken in the room, missing clothes hangers, ripped curtains, the rooms are not insulated well, so you hear everything outside...the list goes on and on...you would have to pay me to ever go there again.FAIL
4	First off I am a local.  That said this is the best locals casino.  The cheap tables cant be beat! 2 dollar craps!  Floor staff is efficient,  they will get you your drinks, but wont baby you or chit-chat.  Perfect.  The Dealers and pit bosses are THE BEST.  Professional fast and friendly.  No drama from the staff at the tables.   That said, this is the only casino I've been to where someone was so drunk at the table that they fell asleep standing up.  They only open one craps table so its either empty or completely packed.You earn comps fast here.  I play no more than $20-$40 per visit and i earn food comps pretty frequently.  No other place does this for me.If you like to gamble, this is where you go.  If you want to chat or see a show don't go here.  Try the dessert at the sourdough cafe.  You'll be surprised how good it is!
2	Restrooms- very clean. And I needed them after eating at the bufftet. I went to the buffet because of high ratings on another site, but it was underwhelming. That said, I did win $114 downstairs before I left. So all in all the night was not a loss. If you are looking for a good but less expensive buffet, this is not it.
3	The rooms were not too bad and they did have the jacuuzi running. But, we ordered a coffee pot for five bucks, waited a half hour for it, and the guy showed up without the coffee so he went back to get it. After he was gone I realized the pot was dirty (like even a dirty coffee filter in it)! I called the front desk once, half an hour later again to find out where he was. They brought a new one finally. Not cool, but they are cheap so you get what you pay for...
3	Buffet Deal!  Seems some of the desserts are sort of hidden so do a full scan of the area before selecting your dessert.  The meats upstairs in the buffet are almost as good as downstairs, I bet.  Of course, you are not going to get a steak.  But the roast is more than 1/2 price upstairs in the buffet.
3	Have you ever been to a Casino-hotel which was located in a shopping center that had a Pep Boys, a Cash for Gold place, a liquor store, and something called Pizza Potamus in it? I have. ..This isn't one of those fancy local's casinos like Red Rock. It isn't even one of those moderately fancy local's casinos like The Orleans or Santa Fe Station. Though it might be better than those homeless shelters that they call casinos in North Las Vegas and Downtown, Arizona Charlies is still one of the worst locals joints I can think of.  Whats a shame is that this place is operated by the same people who operate the Stratosphere. I love the Stratosphere. Everyone is friendly, the dealers are cool, and they generally treat me nice(except the sports book manager). Arizona Charlies is practically Stratosphere's inbreed half cousin. It has nothing that the Stratosphere offers. A great example of good customer service at Stratosphere was back in 2010, when I was insulted by a dealer. The manager was so big on customer service that he comped me a free night in a suite and gave me a free meal at Roxy's. I didn't even ask for anything. On the other hand, I had a bad experience at Charlies a few months back and the manager just told me "thanks for letting me know", he didn't even apologize. A world of difference as you can see. I use the Sports Book here a lot and notice that the locals who loiter all day at this casino are very raggedy and street urchin-like. Most of them wear those free shirts that were handed out at the club card booths back when the casinos weren't broke and actually had the money to hand out shirts that cost probably like .75 cents. Everyone here also seems to enjoy wearing gym shorts and sweat pants. You also probably won't ever see a hot chick here. You might hit a jackpot on the slots before you see any woman who isn't 200lbs.The ventilation here is very poor and even if you are only here for a few minutes, your hair and clothes will always smell like this casino when you leave. Is management gonna do anything about it?...probably not.  Why am I still giving this place 3-stars??? Because I did win a lot of money here a couple years ago, and they do have a good staff at the poker room.
1	After purchasing a night stay at this crappy hotel. Roberto, the person in the front of the hotel registration desk did not honor our hotwire deal. In fact very rude and told us to pay more. Never go to CRAPPY Arizona Charlie's Casino because of bad customer service and rude Roberto!
3	I live close to this place and they have 24/7 bingo on the odd hours.  These two things keep me coming back.  Once I'm there though I often wonder why I came to Arizona Charlies instead of a nicer place.  The place has low ceilings, is smoky, only half of the dealers are friendly the other half are zombies, the poker room is always shutting down when I go around 11pm to midnight.  The craps table closes at 1am or 2am, which is annoying.  Oh another positive is that the cocktail service is good, and they have cheap beers if your not playing and getting free ones.  Overall it's just OK, not great.
4	If you are looking for a laid back, old school, local casino, then you found it. This place hasn't changed in 35 years. Thats why we love it. Ok, there were some changes, but the atmosphere is still the same. It's not glitzy glamour and I wouldn't like it if it were. The Buffett is fantastic and seems better all the time. The Cafe offers great deals on breakfast that we have enjoyed for all these years. I stayed here once, and didn't enjoy that, but love the rest!
3	BINGO!!!!!!!!I have this one group of friends who insist that we come to Arizona Charlies every time they are in town. When we were all poor and they'd visit, we'd spend a whole day here, so, I suppose, for nostalgia or something, we often return as a group.Arizona Charlies has some if the nicest, most professional and friendly people on staff. The prices are fair and the services are excellent.The problem with Arizona Charlies is the clientele.Never mind the older folks there for bingo and an inexpensive dinner.The rowdy locals treat this place this flop house, ashing cigs on the floor and leaving trash everywhere. Deff a fun spot, just keep an eye out.
1	We are locals who decided to stay at Arizona Charlie's Decatur due to a problem with our air conditioning. We checked into the hotel and went to the room. The first thing that popped into my head was the old hotel commercial that talked about "the room that time forgot". The furniture had to be at least 35-40 years old. Then I started looking around. Stains on the carpet (that looked almost as old as the furniture) and chairs that looked like they had never been cleaned. I went to the front desk and told them about the dirty room, and they offered me an upgraded room. I took the key and went up to check it out: Even dirtier than the room we were already in. We checked out without spending a single night.If there is a plus to this place, the employees at the front desk are friendly and they try to be helpful. They earned this place the one star it got from me. However, no amount of friendliness or trying can overcome the glaring deficiencies. Very possibly the dirtiest hotel I have ever been in.Here's hoping for a surprise Health Department inspection.
3	This place is NOT near the strip. The hotel was clean and cheap! i would definitey reccommend staying here if you don't mind driving a little ways to get to the strip. they have a casino inside! $5 craps! woohoo
4	This review is for their awesome bingo. I have never played bingo to the caliber of the regulars who play here so the workers gave me a quick rundown on how each play card wins. You have a choice of playing the old school way where you buy a those ink markers, or get a computerized one that does it for you. I wanted to mark my own play cards because that's where the excitement is...hearing "B19," finding it on your card, and marking it. Yes, yes, I know bingo gets a bad rap about it being a game for the geriatric club, but I LOVE playing it! I actually won $100 when the the whole packet of bingo cards were only $8!!
4	$4 steak and eggs with players club card? I'm in!Naturally, I got the steak and eggs (sunny side up). Obviously, the steak isn't going to taste like a $15 steak but for $4, it was amazing. Topped with either sourdough or white bread, which they pre-butter, and smeared with jam? You won't be able to get enough. Possibly the  most filling $4 meal I've ever had.Bonus: You can make back your meal by betting $5 on black or red. Whichever floats your boat.
3	Tell me why we go to this place?  We never do to well here, but we like the staff and they make Baileys Coffee with whip just the way we like it.  (you can actually taste the Baileys)   We had dinner at Ron's (a freebee from the players club)  Nice dinner but overpriced.   24 hour bingo is a plus, and the gift shop stays open till 1am.  The staff is great, and players club not bad,,,  just tell me why we go to this place will yah?
2	The Better Half (TBH) and I were antique shopping next door and she decided to stay much longer than I expected, so I walked over here to watch some basketball in the Sports Book.  This place is a dump!  It's old and very smokey.  The last time I was in this casino, was in the late 1990's and it still looks the same.I watched basketball games for around 2 hrs while TBH shopped and when I walked back to see her, she said I reeked of smoke....yuck.Return Factor - 5%
3	As a local couple in Las Vegas we like to try different upscale restaurants throughout the city.  My husband is a serious "foodie", a great cook and I am one of the pickiest eaters anyone would ever meet.  We tried the steak house at Arizona Charlies on Decatur last night and have to say I was very disappointed.  It started off good but went down hill fast.  First we were seated in the back, by the kitchen even though the entire restaurant was empty except maybe five tables.  We overlooked that.  We were attended to quickly by a very nice and informative waiter who gave very good advice on what to order and drink.  The Chef salad he prepared in front of us was amazing and for me to say that since I generally don't eat Chef salad is definetely saying something.  He recommended an amazing red wine and great steak for my husband and the sword fish for me as well as a drink.  The food was good but the sauce over the swordfish reminded me of the sauce in chicken pot pies so I scraped it off.  At this point we had decided he was going to be tipped VERY well but then.....we looked at our completed plates for 20 minutes with not one bus boy to clear the table and no attention by the waiter even though he walked by us at least ten times and kissed the butts of the patrons seated in the next booth.  By the context of their conversation they ate there weekly and were well known.  They consumed all of his attention which I am assuming because they are weekly clients and great tippers.  What he doesn't know is that when we find a local restaurant we are also great tippers and will visit often and refer people. We eventually asked the bus boy for our check and at that point he took some of the plates from our table.   So what could have been one of our new local steak houses will not be visited by us again which is too bad because the food was good.  Tina Highberger
2	Just another dark, smoky local place.  Went there for a friend's 90th birthday.
4	Bingo is really cheap here the bingo attendants call the numbers differently sometimes slow but mostly way to fast. Pay out is good though for the prices. I would probably come here again if i was in the area
1	I haven't eaten at every buffet in Vegas, but I can say with complete confidence that nothing could possibly be worse than this. Do not believe anyone who says they enjoyed this place, they are demented, and considering that no one in the place appeared to be under the age of 65, dementia has to be a factor because anyone who would return to this place has to be insane and since everyone there appeared to be a regular, I felt as if I were dining inside an asylum.It's unbelievable that this buffet is more expensive than Fiesta Rancho's which is exponentially better. Nothing, I mean nothing, was edible, everything sucked, go to the Chinese station, the Mexican station, the place with the godawful chicken potpie and what I guess was supposed to be Cordon Bleu, next to the nasty Tilapia fillets, I couldn't stomach any of it.I tried some spaghetti but I couldn't top it with any of the beyond frightening meatballs, they looked like they came straight out of an Eli Roth movie. Even the fruit I could not eat because it looked like someone had taken bites out of the watermelon and cantaloupe slices and tossed them back on the bar.And it wasn't just the food: the grannies racing around on their motorized scooters were extremely dangerous...bingo could not start soon enough.Look, I am by no means a picky eater and am an extremely tolerant person, but this place would even test the endurance of Job and I doubt God would have been cruel enough to put him through it. As I stared at the grease pooling on my plate, drowning god knows what I knew without a doubt that I had shortened my lifespan by several days by paying this place a visit.The fact that I had picked up a player's card beforehand was hardly a consolation. Save me a dollar?  I' m the one who should be paid for being here...I tossed it in the garbage with the rest of the refuse.
3	They have a pretty nice buffet. I go for lunch usually. Good service. Reasonable prices. Good selection. All in all it's worth a try!
5	I'll always love this place, as it was the very first casino hotel I ever stayed in on my first trip to Vegas back in 2004.  I went in not expecting much, and was actually quite surprised - it exceeded my expectations well for the price I paid, which was under $30 for a Friday night.The standard room was huge, with southwestern style decor. The slots paid very well...won $400 on two separate penny machines within 2 hours. I can't really comment on any of the restaurants, as I didn't try any.  Cocktail service at the machines was very rapid.Friendly, mostly older local clientele, and great staff.  Everyone seemed really friendly.Definitely recommend!
2	Went here just to play bingo.  The lady's calling numbers is quick and sometimes hard to hear.  My husband, who loved bingo until we played here, couldn't understand her and kept asking me what she said.  Yes very smoky, like most older places in Vegas.  2 free drinks per player before the games start and someone comes around during e game too.Won't come back, it's a locals place.  I'll go to the Orleans instead
1	This is for the Hotel: My girlfriend and I came to town to visit and booked a room here. As soon as we walked into the room we were disgusted.  The room had a foul odor, many stains on the carpet, you could see what looked like vomit stains on the wall, boogers were also stuck to the wall above the nightstand.  The bathroom was absolutely disgusting, the tub floor was brown and looked like it hadn't been scrubbed in years, the towels were dirty, and the sheets were stained. This is by far the filthiest hotel I have ever been in.  We went back to the front desk and complained, they offered us one of their recently renovated rooms but before we agreed we asked to see the room, it was much better, not fantastic, but for the price I couldn't complain about the room we ended up in. So, if you are thinking of booking a room here, make sure you book one of the renovated rooms.  However, I would just advise to stay elsewhere..the casino is disgustingly smokey and dirty and the restaurant is also dirty and the service is poor.  The only reason this place is getting one star is because of the front desk staff.
1	One word.........GROSS! My boyfriend and I stayed there and it was like we walked into a nightmare. The first room we had was absolutely filthy.....lets just say the maids are NOT doing their job. They upgraded us to a renovated room but even though it was better I was still traumatized and uncomfortable but whatever we had no time to look for something else. The casino was a huge pack of cigarettes I seriously do not know how people go there let alone work there. The front desk was nice however. The Sourdough Cafe was far from good it was ok but the service is ridiculous and the waitresses and stupid slow. Never again. Stay away! The Orleans is much better.
4	Above average for decore considering age and placement alway from the strip.  And bed s were excellent on the same premise.  Nice little Stay all considering! Don't get me wrong this is an old hotel, so don't expect any thing modern!
2	I dropped by here on the way back home, and I must say that I am not a fan.Really smoky.Really dark.The carpeting was really old.Almost seedy-looking.Even though I only drink water or iced-tea, the cocktail waitresses were more than happy to serve me quickly and very politely.I can't really comment on the gambling, because I didn't put in enough hours to give a proper evaluation, but I couldn't stay in there very long because of the smoke.The casino that it most reminded me of was El Cortez, so if you've been there, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.
2	Smoky as heck, as everyone has said. But it's an okay little local's place. The sports book has seen better days, but it almost has a vintage feel- and there's no smoking in that are. Which is somewhat pointless because it's all open and connected, but I appreciate the effort.The poker "room" is another story- it's exactly one table, and it's probably marginally famous for being the last poker room where smoking IS still allowed.The buffet here has awful reviews but doesn't look that bad- unfortunately they close at 8PM sharp so I haven't yet managed to test it out.I would not stay here, but I'll come by with the BF for the sports book- the crowd of dedicated locals is kind of ragtag, but they're really into their games and alternate between cheering happily and screaming in agony- and I find that incredibly entertaining.
4	It's not the Ritz, but you're not paying Ritz prices either.  I needed a place to sleep for 1 night to kick off a 10 day Vegas vacation.  Super Bowl Sunday.  Arizona Charlie's Hotel delivered perfectly with clean & basic accommodations.  It's located off-strip in a interesting (?) area of town, and doesn't impose the dreaded resort fees that all the strip hotels charge.  Ask for a room in the Tower, preferably high up facing the Strip. Lots of quick dining options in the area.  However, stay away from the McDonald's that's located nearby across the street.  Yuck!  There's a 24 Hr. Wal Mart Super Center nearby, but it's not virtually across the street as told by another reviewer.  More like about 3-4 blocks and takes a brisk, 15-20 min. walk each way.  I didn't play or eat here, as my stay was so short.  Plenty of free, open parking on both sides of the property.  Light sleepers may want to pack earplugs as you can hear minimal ambient noise from the hallways and other rooms.  Great value property.  A.C Decatur is worth a try.
3	Not what I expected!The name says it all, although...... this reference is not bad. At their great prices you would've expected the quality of the service and food to plummet. Not in this caseThe service is very fast and employees are very friendly.I actually like this place a lot, although it is smaller than expected it is still worth it.
3	Needed to find a hotel room for a couple of nights on the west side of LV. I asked a friend what might work and they recco'd AZ Charlie's. Nice clean room with a large bathroom on the weekend for 2 nights and it was $120 total including taxes. I don't gamble so although it was pretty smoky in the casino area, I walked right through it since the tower elevator was right near the driveway door.
1	Oh my world, I don't even know how to describe how awful this place is. My husband had to go to Vegas last weekend for his job and we decided to stay here because his work friends were staying here as well and had projects to get done together. Let's begin with the rooms, they're  so outdated it looks like they haven't  been updated in maybe 20+ years. Carpet is patchy and the linens are really rough and tacky. The TV is super old and bulky.The bathroom is also outdated but it's actually clean. No fridge or safe in the room. I didn't go to  the restaurants and the casino;it was full of smoke and packed with very elderly people that act like they own the place. If choosing where to stay had been an option I would not have chosen this place. I can understand people wanting to save money but this isn't even worth the low prices. I forgot to mention that the room also smelled like a mix of chlorine and smoke and the wifi is $11.99 a day for only one device. Also, you can hear EVERYTHING going on in the room above/next to you. I woke up two days in a row at 5 a.m because the people above us were walking all over the place and making a lot of noise. Please don't stay here if you have a choice , do yourself a favor and go somewhere else, you'll be happy you did. Oh and if you chose to stay here don't forget to bring disinfecting wipes since you won't want to touch anything (it's gross) and flip flops to avoid walking on their dirty carpets. You're welcome. ;)
2	I reserved a non smoking room and they messed up with that , I ended up getting a smoking room and that was so gross!!!!
3	The cafe had the most amazing Grace yard specials every! !! My personal favorite is the 8.99 prime rim and shrimp it comes with your choice of potatoes and soup or salad!!!  Fricken amazing for the price   Slots here are a hit or miss now sometimes they are kinda lose but mostly tighter then a ticks ass!
1	We were looking for cheap but not at the expense of our safety! Where was security both nights we wanted to return to our rooms without a weirdo waiting for entrance to the elevator with us.. also the carpet was horribly stained and the bathtub flooded above the ankles during a shower. NO THANKS!
4	The cocktail waitresses are always awesome.  Food is really good in the Cafe (great hamburgers).  Service in Cafe is sometimes hit or miss, but the hostess/cashiers are always friendly and helpful. The cashiers and wait staff in the buffet also do a great job and are always friendly.  Gambling is, of course, hit or miss (like any casino).  I like this local place.
1	-9 stars after a day of driving in the RV decided to stop here for.dinner little gambling etc gonna catch a few winks then move on however security comes and says unless your a guest you can't stay here in other words leave after you have spent your money here!  No resting so we tell this very rude person that we have asked the hotel desk and they said yes he said security is the boss here and we say no so we call back to the front desk and she says oh sorry but you can't sleep here only can park to spend money in our establishment WTF??  WE WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK TO THERE AGAIN!
1	They try! Oh, how they try! The buffet upstairs is small, has a small smattering of choices which always the same choices. After two times, ya know, Yankee Pot Roast gets old. The steaks are shoe leather-ish, and, too expensive, not worth it. The 'Italian' selection is tomato soup with pasta. Yuck!The gambling at Charlie's is iffy, the help rude at the 'card center' there. I was snotted off when presenting my old AZ Charlie's card and tried to get the new one, and, certainly won't be 'anxious' to try again, either. It's an old building which shows its age. The Sports Book, exceedingly hard to get to, features the 'gang of toughest toughs' as customers, too. Over 3/4 of the monitors are broken, the place filthy and smelly, too. I'd rather not gamble if it meant going to AZ Charlie's.I'
1	Do not book any events here, the management is rude and pushy. If you are a DJ and your taking down your stuff the workers will rush you and give you an attitude.
4	I love this hotel it's especially good on Monday night football nights where you can get two hot dogs for two dollars and popcorn which is delicious and buttery by the way that is just how I like my popcorn lol. Anyhow they also have my favorite restaurant the sourdough cafe which I did a review on a couple of months ago and many other restaurants to eat here the only negative in fact there is two is the carpet is really dirty and the smell which is horrible with all of that smoke but other then that this is one of my favorite casinos to go to and in the future possibly maybe get a room at I would recommend this casino if your looking for a relaxing environment or if you want to go to a good Monday night football party or looking for a good casual restaurant to eat at.
3	Ok so it's not the Bellagio, but this way off strip locals casino has great deals low limit tables and great food. So don't be such a snob stop on in for a little local flavor. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	My favorite steggs destination! Plus i am a ace member so i get my meal for $4, $5 for non-members. It comes with steak, potatoes, eggs, bread or biscuits and gravy, etc. Worth it!
4	I really like this casino.  I was informed it is the only one in Vegas that has a completely,  separate,  non-smoking room. I tell you.  The air is cleaner in there. I think it is filtered. The hotel is clean and inexpensive plus, you can walk to an awesome antique store that lasts forever.
4	Upon arriving at the hotel just after 8pm on a sunday, we were informed that their signature restaurant was closed for remodeling and their buffet had already shut down for the day, which was ironic, given that they had a bingo game going every hour of every day of every year around the clock!   But, there IS a little restaurant in the hotel called Charlies' Cheese Steak Deli. If you're lucky enough to be served by Juan Antonio, then brace yourself for a rare brand of excellence rarely seen in the off-the-strip service industry. The guy went above and beyond serving our food and drinks! He truly is the kind of guy you'd hope your sister would marry, or at least sleep with more than once. But alas, I have no sister; only a brother, and it's really his call.
