4	Stuck in the area for a 2 hour oil change, I didn't feel like having McDonald's for breakfast, nor did I feel like just sitting around auto shop and watching a snowy television screen.So I walked, and with de Sade in purse, sat comfortably in Cabin Coffee Espresso for some caffeine. The interior was pretty dark- my eyes had a hard time transitioning from sunshine to oil lantern lighting, but they had some "hip" tunes on play. I ordered the large Mexican Mocha Latte...not bad. The coffee proved a lot more robust than Starbucks. Cinnamon lingered on my palate well after I had finished my drink. Even caught some hints of cayenne...that may have enhanced that certain "spice"...but I'm sure that was just psychological. Anyway...good place for coffees. They've got a pretty extensive list of flavors from classic to exotic. I'll have to update upon my next visit.
4	I am so lucky to live right next to what could possibly be the best coffee house in Arizona. I say this without a drop of sarcasm - Cabin Coffee makes a Mexican Mocha to DIE for, or at least run through the street naked with a sombrero on yelling "ARRRIBA!!!".  Their decor is very cozy and lodge-like, with big leather chairs and lanterns and rustic decor, and they even display local photographers' work for sale. Someone has always left a newspaper hanging around to read.The breakfast croissant sandwiches are amazing, I split the ham and cheese one with my dog before going to the dog park on Sunday mornings when we are awake enough to remember to stop in for coffee.The coffee drinks are always made with that extra flair (those swirly little deisgns on the foam on top of your drink!) which I love, what can I say, I am a girly girl at heart and those things are almost like a drink wearing a pair of great heels!The only thing that keeps this from being a five star place is that there always seem to be kids in here (which,ok, I dont dislike ALL kids, I have one who I truly adore, but when I am barely awake and my tolerance level is at its lowest, I don't need to hear someone shout at Cassidy or Kennedy or McKenna or whatever last name their kids are called fifty times before I have my hands around my hot spicy Mexican Mocha) so despite the kid-friendliness of the place I still absolutely love it. The price I pay for living in "stay at home mom Paradise" I guess. They do have a funny sign at the register that reads "unattended Children will be given a Puppy and Espresso" which is amusing and ironic at the same time. Amusing because of the obvious message, but ironic because, again, there are often a passel of semi-unattended kids bopping around. They also have gift cards and I tell ya, it wouldnt be half bad to get a gift card from here.
4	As the name suggests, this place has the log cabin feel that you'll find at small coffee houses in some of the western mountain states.  They have a very modest seating area, but coffee, espresso drinks, and light snacks are all reasonably priced and are much better than Starbucks.  It's easy to miss this location as it is tucked away in a FRY's strip mall on the SE corner of Happy Valley & 67th Ave.
4	What an excellent neighborhood coffee place. I haven't tried the food, which to me seems over-priced, but no complaints otherwise. I frequently enjoy their assorted iced teas as well as their iced coffee drinks. The best being the Trek which is a hazelnut coffee concoction. Awesome. Perfect blend of coffee and sweetness. Its nice to see that the coffee isn't over-powered in a sweeter drink, as this is usually the case at chain coffee shops. In terms of atmosphere, I enjoy cabin coffee because of their living room-like interior. Their sofas and chairs are very comfortable and a large television hangs above the fire place. The music is usually laughable, but I don't fault them for that, just a personal preference issue.  Overall, I enjoy mid mornings and late afternoons at Cabin Coffee knowing that I can either stay and relax or quickly head out the door and still be pleased with my drink and their service.
4	I really do like this place.  On top of being a full service coffee bar the place is ALWAYS comfortable.  The leather couch with modern jazz artists playing during the lunch hours is a great way to get out of the heat and the madness that can be valley life.The fact that it is locally owned does not hurt either.
5	I love supporting local coffee houses and this one is my favorite.  They are always super friendly even if I sit in there for hours studying and only order one drink.  I LOVE their sugar free avalanches!
4	I love Cabin Coffee! The coffee is so yummy and the atmosphere is very cozy and welcoming. It's one of my favorite coffee shops and is a nice break from chain coffee shops. The only reason why I have given this coffee house 4 stars instead of 5 is that many times there's not enough staff. Many times I've gone into the place with only 3 or 4 customers in line with only 1 or 2 workers and it's taken about 15 minutes to get a latte. It's not a big deal that it runs slower than most places, but I'll avoid going here if I am in the slightest rush just since the wait time is unpredictable from very fast to a very long wait time.Another thing I'd like to see is more of a pastry selection :) this doesn't effect my review, but they don't have many sweet treats so it would be nice to see a better selection! Might be my imagination, but it seems like there's more meal-food than sweets and I wish there were more sweets!
5	Amazing coffee! The first time the wife and i walked into this coffee shop we were impressed and how beautifully decorated this joint was. The staff is very nice and helpful, the ladies behind the counter were pretty hot. we were served quickly and their coffee is outstanding, and its awesome when you're hungover!
5	It is as good as it gets. For me, I want a good cup of black coffee. Nothing fancy. That is what my wife and I ordered. The coffee was hot and the dark roast had a great flavor. Even though we were here on vacation and "not a local," Cabin Coffee didn't discriminate.  The service was very friendly and the seats comfortable.  The free wifi was an added bonus.  My wife fired up her work computer and checked her email.  While she was working (aren't we supposed to be on vacation ?) I ordered a cranberry muffin. Wow!  It was really good.Thank you for a good start to our morning!
2	I showed up an hour and a half before they were closing. The place is nicely decorated and the cashier/barista was friendly enough, but i got the vibe that he wasn't too excited for me to show up because they were closing soon-ish. I ordered a small coffee and a pastry and sat down to do a bit of writing. Coffee was average. About 15 minutes later a girl started coming around to the few groups that were left in the place and offerring them free pastries because they had leftovers and were about to close. I felt sheepish because i had just paid full price for something they were giving away now, but i figured i they would be as nice to me as they were to everyone else in the place and offer me some free pastries too. I was wrong. The girl avoided me and gave free pastries to everyone else in the shop. As i was trying to surmise why i got skipped on the pastry fest, a couple of people came in to order but left without ordering because the workers were in a rush to close. The worker's words were welcoming but their tone and body language was otherwise. The place may be awesome, but it left me with a bad impression. I'll try another place first before coming back again.
4	I visited for the first time this week and tried the Black Bear latte. Delicious!  The atmosphere reminds me of the local coffee shops back in the Midwest, which made me feel warm and fuzzy. The staff was friendly but seemed too busy catching up with one another to focus on making my drink.  I will definitely go back. Starbucks doesn't even begin to compare.
4	Cabin Coffee!!! =]I like coffee and I hate Starbucks, so I like to come in here once in awhile when I have money to pay for coffee, and it's always nice. The barista I had last time was funny, she was quick to make my drink. Only downside is the price... I know it isn't Starbucks, it's a local owned place, but their prices seem a little high.
4	I like cabin coffee. Its a nice hidden place where I can go and have a quiet cup of coffee and talk with a friend. It's not a hang out for HS kids. It has a nice Cabin feel to it and the staff is friendly. Oh, PS the drinks are tasty and interesting. the Coffee is always good. I drink it black so if it's been sitting there past it's peak, it's easy to tell but, I have never had that experience there. It's just a nice relaxing place to read the paper, catch up on email or chat w/ friends. I have not had any food there but they look very tempting.  I give Cabin Coffee an 8 out of 10.
5	I love the vibe here. I'm easy to please though as I'm not a coffee aficionado.
4	Cute coffee place located right near work, so I stop by for an iced chai and a muffin before my morning shift. The staff is super friendly and knows my order by heart, which I love. Pretty good chai, too! Not the best but much better than some other places, and when it's made like soy, it still tastes spicy and delicious (unlike a chai I had at Cartel which tasted purely like soy, super disappointing). I haven't tried their Avalanches yet, but I really want to, they look really good. Prices are decent too, about $5 for a medium chai and a delicious muffin. I think the decor is cute too, looks like it belongs up north in Flagstaff or Sedona.All in all, if you're in the area, definitely stop by, but I wouldn't necessarily go far out of my way for it.
5	Better than starbucks.... the coconut mocha is awesome
5	Love this place, the cabin atmosphere is wonderful. I had a croissant breakfast sandwich and the bread was perfect, light and flaky. They make their own tea bags, so my hibiscus jasmine tea was really above and beyond. Very friendly staff, I will definitely be back.
5	Brief: Good coffee, great people, delicious homemade sandwiches and fantastic atmosphere.First of all, they have free wifi, food, and good coffee, so before going into a deep review, those qualities already make for a great experience. But to be more specific on the topic requires a little walkthrough:You walk into this small unassuming coffee shop, nestled between a children's clothing store and scrap-booking shop in the corner of a typical suburban supermarket shopping center, and you enter into a world of fantastically quaint decorations miming that of a rural cabin. The walls are lined with shelves holding old wooden and metal trinkets, a fireplace accents a seating area and a two-man crosscut saw adorns the wall just opposite the register. The aroma is that of sweet coffee and home. You're greeted with a welcome smile from the barista and immediately you're taken aback by the complexity of the menu. The colorful combinations of syrups, sauces and drink types tantalizes your imagination. You make your order and in no time, you have your drink in hand and you savor every last drop of espresso-y goodness.*snaps fingers* O.K., now that I've broken your coffee trance, let's review the food and drinks at hand: The food is homemade, the ingredients are fresh and most importantly, the chicken salad is made in house and is FANTASTIC. The breakfast croissants are delicious and just about every pastry on display is mouth-wateringly-alluring. The pastries are delivered fresh from New York West Pastry and Bake shop.More importantly (in my coffee-guzzling opinion), the coffee beans are fresh-roasted and delivered twice weekly from Riviera Coffee out of Chandler and the varieties they offer generally include fair trade coffees. I must say, for anyone used to the gritty bold charcoal taste of Starbucks brewed coffees (even their so called light roasts), the Ethiopian, Peru, Costa Rican or Guatemalan brewed coffees here at Cabin Coffee will absolutely explode with floral notes and caramely sweet chocolate body that you've never experienced before. Every coffee has its own unique taste and floral sweetness (other than French Roast - an overly dark-roasted charcoal-fest, often favored by those who enjoy typically dark-roasted Seattle style coffees). Try some brewed coffee, GET THE LIGHTER ROAST and try, for once to drink it without cream or sugar. Do it, you might just find the complexities of actually good coffee more enjoyable than the single-sidedness of half-n-half and sugar.Most importantly... the espresso! This is a shop with a consistently good espresso (not mind numbingly amazing, but good) and a mind for delivering quality espresso based beverages. Try a double if you're bold. Try a Cafe con Panna for a lovely after meal espresso-y dessert. Definitely try an americano or cappuccino. And for those of you who are afraid of coffee without sweeteners - Cabin Coffee has a plethora of Torani flavored syrups. End result, good coffee that any Starbucks drinker can upgrade to and feel confident that their drink truly does rock their socks.Speaking of Torani Flavored Syrups, Cabin Coffee can create just about any concoction you can imagine in their blenders. The avalanches here put Frappuchinos to shame. Try the mexican mocha avalanche; cinnamon and chocolate never tasted so good.Ultimately, I love this coffee shop. It's not the BEST coffee in Arizona, but its really darn GOOD. The atmosphere is quaint and homey and it's a great place to study or hang out and get away from the house. The staff is nice and helpful and the drinks and food are delicious. Stop by, and if you run into Janice, the owner... make sure you tell her how great a job she's doing keeping this place running so strong.
4	The breakfast sandwiches are yummy and the coffee is good. The place has a good old charm. Very friendly girl at the counter.
4	I hope this place sticks around. It's a cute relaxing cabin feel too it and the employees and always friendly. Their smoothies are very good and the avalanches are really good too. my drink of choice that i always get is just a plain ole iced vanilla latte and its better than starbucks =]
5	All My Java Divas and DoesThis is the cutest, quaintest cabin feel.  The food and drinks  especially the coffee is a must try.!!!!  You won't be sorry in fact you will be impressed.  The cabin feel here in the Desert  makes for a unique experience.  Wi-Fi available so all you college students get on in there!!! What are you waiting for.  Great place to hold book club, one on one meeting, any type of bible study group.  If your tired of big corporate place you have to try the unique family owned business:)  The prices very affordable.  warded Analynn's  :)
5	I thought I would try a new local shop today, and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered a "Lumberjack" I think is what it's called. I asked for a suggestion as it was my first time, and it tasted great. The atmosphere is my favorite part. It's quiet, easy to study or hang out with friends. The cabin theme is really cool, and done well. Price is pretty average for a specialty coffee. Friendly, non-overwhelming, staff. Overall, I'd recommend to anyone.
3	Was looking for a breakfast joint and found Cabin Coffee on Yelp.  It's really a coffee joint that has some food.  It was okay but I prefer a sit down restaurant.
5	I love me some coffee. The french roast brew is perfect for surviving a long day of work. If you want something sweet, order the iced raspberry mocha. Just the right amount of sweetness without tasting like you're drinking syrup. The muffins are moist and delicious. The spinach salad here is surprisingly amazing (yes, they make spinach salad at this coffee place). The best part about this place? It is not full of hipsters and college students who hog all the decent seating and never leave. I can't wait to go back to try all of the other drinks offered.
3	The Cabin has a cool interior just like you would think, it looks like a cabin! The coffee is pretty decent and they have some yummy breakfast croissants. We usually go here when we don't feel like driving down town since its the closest coffee house that tastes good. Would recommend trying if staying local.
5	Good coffee, decent prices, love the atmosphere.  Only complaint was that the Wi-Fi is a bit spotty.  I found a new study spot =)
5	This place is cool and cozy!  Got the cabin feel to sit back and enjoy some coffee.
5	This place has become a regular stop in our household. I love the coffee and iced teas and my kids LOVE the smoothies!!!  the sandwiches are delish too!  Service is always excellent.
5	I am 100% for supporting little business, especially coffee houses.  I've been to ROOTS, LUX, NEXT, and ELEVATE and this place can compare. Small, cozy and simply good coffee.  Don't forget to try their muffins; I believe they are from a local bakery in  Sun City.Last visit I was able to spend a few minutes talking to the owner...family style place keeping this location low-key.  I'd suggest it for an after-date night hang out  or a quick cup to go.Either way, get the chance to enjoy :)
5	Great little atmosphere to work or meet with people.  I'm not a big coffee guy, so can't tell u if that's good or not.  But, I enjoyed it and the place just has a great feel to it!
5	Super cozy little coffee joint close to home. I absolutely love the rusticness of the decor.  Staff is always friendly and the drinks are delicious!  They have a good looking food menu and plenty of sweet treats, but I have yet to have a meal here.
5	The people serving here are very friendly. I think it may be a family run location/franchise perhaps. I got some sunflower shaped cookies, they are delicious. I also got a 3 meat trio sandwich, and boy do they pack that with meat.  Well worth the somewhat higher price for the sandwich.  I got an orange cream smoothie and it was fantastic.I wish they sold tamales ala carte or by the dozen. They only sell it as a meal with chips/salsa.Service is relatively quick, given that it is often busy there. A lot of kids hang out there drinking coffee and being trendy.
5	The small coffee shop that makes you feel just relaxed. This place has great drinks, smoothies and food. If you are tired of starbucks feeling too generic this place fills your fix. The interior atmosphere is homely and brings out the uniqueness in this place. Definitely a hidden gem in the desert.
5	I live minutes from this place.  It has been there since the shopping center has opened and I've never been.  I went on a whim about 3 weeks ago, and I've probably been back 1/2 dozen times.  I like, no love, the Brown Bear or Lodge.  They have a good variety but not overwhelming.  Even got  a breakfast sandwich once and it was really good.  I am very impressed.  Pennies more than the chain place, but worth every penny.
5	I LOVE this little gem. One day my sister and i went on yelp because we wanted to find a little mom and pop coffee shop. We decided to give them a try and now we are hooked! Their coffee is to die for. My favorite is the caramel bear trap. They also have homemade goodies and sandwiches. The employees are always attentive and helpful. It has such a great atmosphere. If you're looking for a new little coffee shop to call your home, this is the one.
5	I am obsessed with this place! I have gone a handful of times in my short time visiting Az and I have not had one thing I havent enjoyed. I wish this place were in Ca cause it is seriously so good! Beats Starbucks and Dunk n Donuts any day!
5	Oh, Yum...the best word for their coffee, food, service and atmosphere. It's a great, homey and comfortable place for the best coffee around. So much better than the chain coffee - smooth and delicious. I LOVE coffee and I love this place. I hadn't been in a while, but woke up to a rainy Phoenix morning and wanted a hot white mocha in the worst way. Walked in to no waiting and out the door in minutes with coffee and muffins in my hand. Service was friendly with the two young guys working there. Took the coffee home to my 'doubtful' sweetie and he agreed - loves it! You have another convert. Thanks for bringing this great little business to our corner of the world.
5	After countless visits, I'm considering forgoing Starbucks and other chain stores. Cabin Coffee Lounge exemplifies what a coffee shop experience ought to be. Coffee: I've had most of their drip coffees, and they've all been good. The specialty drinks are all good as well! They've got cool names for all their drinks and unlike most coffee shops, they have all syrups all year around! I haven't had their tea, but their smoothies are good as well. Atmosphere: it's a great set up in there! There are leather chairs, and nice tables to sit at as well. Free wifi is always a plus as well. The air is always down cool - a huge plus for the baking temps outside. They have a fireplace for the wintertime. Also, they have TV on at most times. It's either ESPN or world news. Staff: always friendly, professional and ready to serve!
5	Try the "Matt and Traci," delicious!  (vanilla + caramel = yummy!)  I'm not a local, but on 5 different trips to Phoenix to visit family we've always returned to this coffee shop.  Usually, I'm more a fan of the Italian-style coffee shops, but this little place in an unassuming strip mall is pretty darn good.  The lake cabin style decor is cute and relaxing.  Never had a bad drink here, and I've tried all manners of coffee and espresso drinks.  Is it the best place ever?  No.  But is beat most chains by a mile.
4	Best coffee and breakfast sandwiches ever!!! Get the ultimate on a crescent. Muffins are great as well. Completely beats Starbucks. Atmosphere is great with room to eat or just hang out. Even seating outside. Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the service can be spotty depending on when you go. Sometimes early am on the weekends they only have 1 person working. So it can take more than reasonable time to wait for a sandwich (though soooo worth it!!). Occasionally had this happen during the week. Once the rush comes they seem to have more people working so its not as bad. Still worth the wait but can be irritating.  Definitely recommend.
5	I love the ambience here and that they have almond milk as an alternative to dairy milk.   The omelets are tasty too.   Definitely a great place to bring my laptop and get some work done too.   Very comfortable and inviting, courteous staff.
4	Iced teas are great with many flavors to choose from. They also serve pastries,salad and warm/cold sandwiches.
5	I ordered the Honey Bear which is espresso, half and half, and honey. It was absolutely delicious. My friend got their green tea which she enjoyed as well. There's plenty of seating inside (with couches! :) ) as well as some seating outside. They have a large selection of coffee choices to choose from (so it was very hard for me to decide what to get) but I was very glad to have ordered the Honey Bear! The restrooms are very large and clean and it as well as the entire place was decorated as a cabin: wood, stone, chimney, etc. I felt like I was in Lake Tahoe at a Ski resort. Very cute. The coffee as well as service and atmosphere were wonderful!  No complaints. It was a very pleasant experience. :)
5	Unassuming little spot in a strip mall (seems like the best places to eat in AZ are) next to Fry's. Ordered an iced coffee with sugar free coconut syrup, sugar free mocha sauce, and unsweetened almond milk...PERFECT! I gulped it down and got one for the road. I also appreciate the fact that they got my slightly annoying order correct 1st try.Hubby and I got the chicken salad croissant and a ham, cheese, spinach and mushroom omelet. Both were fresh and delicious. Eggs were fluffy. Salsa was really good too.Customer service was warm and friendly. I think the cabin theme is kinda cheesy and unnecessary (seriously take down those ugly icicle lights or whatever they are) but the quality of the food and coffee and top notch customer service will keep me coming back. Great find!
5	The have new and unique coffee combinations. Pastrys are good and the sandwitches are made fresh. I am not a parfet kinda guy but I do recomend there yogurt parfet. It has everything in it. Best coffee shop in that area.
5	I love every coffee I try here. I don't get stuck on one for too long before trying another... Love the atmosphere and that it is like being in a friends cabin just hanging out.
5	Enjoy the atmosphere and their breakfast sandwiches are great. Will continue to patronize this place.
5	I have been going to this coffee shop  since 2004. And I have known the previous owner since then.  Davney added her personal touch to the decor.  Stepping into this place is like stepping into a log cabin.  It is warm and inviting. And the espresso there is spectacular. The previous owner sold the business but nothing was changed.  It's the same place that I have called "my coffee shop" for the past ten years.
4	Certainly a cool place. I absolutely hate breakfast sandwiches, my fiance ordered some egg, bacon, sausage something sandwich, she convinced me to try it and im glad I did, it was awesome.
5	Been going here since high school and I can't believe I just thought to review it. Its like my cabin away from cabin. Such a great cup of coffee, great prices, and the BEST croissant sandwiches- all of them are good! The staff isn't over the top or fake which is nice. I would recommend an Iced Brown Bear, this is my favorite coffee drink ever and no other coffee companies version is as good. Also they have the best atmosphere so cozy and relaxing. Heads up, after talking to some baristas about the job I learned that tips are a part of their wages (like servers) so I try to drop a dollar or what I can give into the jar when I have it, cause I know they are always working hard in there and making good quality food and drink!
5	I loved my experience at Cabin Coffee! Great atmosphere, and wonderful service. I had the green shake, which was recommended by one of the staff members,  and it was very well made and was also affordable. I can't wait to head back!!!
5	I love this coffee shop! It's decked out like a real cabin - it's even sort of darkly lit inside like a real cabin would be. I came in when there were Halloween decorations as well. I like when a place gets festive. There is seating so it's a good study spot as well. It's located in a big shopping center next to Fry's - where it seems the best places in Glendale or Peoria are. I ordered my usual iced soy chai latte. It was delicious! I polished off the whole thing before I made it home - which is a good sign that it was scrumptious. I'll definitely come back here again to study and try some of the other drinks. Next on my list is the Mexican mocha!
4	Nice cozy place! We love coming here with our bikes and having our breakfast. Their leather sofas are so comfortable.
5	I love cabin coffee!!! So much better than Starbucks in so many ways.  The coffee flavor is always on point no matter which drink you choose.  I love the matt and traci or the coconut and caramel avalanche.  Their drinks are a little sweeter so I usually add a shot of espresso to even it out.  They also have almond milk which is great since I'm not a fan of soy.  Try cabin coffee you will not regret it!  Great local spot ;)
5	I came back for another visit and ordered their signature panini and it was delicious! I also really like the spinach salad that it comes with as well. Hands down one of my favorite coffee shops in AZ!
3	I ordered a Vanilla Chai Latte that ended up tasting a bit watery with a very tiny hint of vanilla. It was pretty disappointing. My sisters opted for The Lodge - one got it hot and one got it cold. Those drinks came out good, but I think it needed a bit more mint flavor. I did appreciate that they didn't make the hot chocolate too hot because it was for my little nephew. That's great service! I also got a B&W cookie, which ended up being pretty disappointing. If you've ever had one in NY, then you'll understand my disappointment. It's not authentic. I thought the drinks overall were just okay.
5	Laid back coffee shop with friendly staff, reasonable prices, and great coffee! What more can you ask for?
4	This place is very nice, very clean, staff are wonderful. The only reason I gave it a 4 star instead of a 5 star is because the food was not that great it was just okay. I had an ultimate breakfast croissant. I wish they would have used real egg instead of egg substitute. However I am a college student and this environment is perfect for me to come sit down and get some school work done. I will be back and I'll try something new next time.
5	went here with my three year old and they made her a chocolate milk even though it is not on the menu, they have awesome croissant sandwiches as well as the espresso. the people are very nice too:)
5	Always great coffee and friendly staff.  The inside is a very relaxed comfortable welcoming setting.  Highly recommend to stop by if you want something a little different then the main stream coffee shops.
