5	This is the only original casino of Las Vegas that managed to keep all the history and still stay up-to-date. I love the shops. I LOVE the shops. Also, the gambling here will make you feel like a high-roller. The food here isn't too bad, either. Oh yeah, the rooms are all great and they have a LOT of them.
5	Caesars Palace seems to always get bigger each time I visit and it never gets old! They always seem to find a way to improve it to keep it from being obsolete. This is probably my favorite spot to check out on the Strip. There's something for everyone---bars, lounges, clubs, shopping, dining, Celine Dion, Elton John, and gambling, of course. Okay, maybe not for the kids, but I mean everyone from those who just turned 21 to the retired senior citizens can find something worthwhile to do here and it doesn't even have to be associated with gambling. This is the happy medium.
5	Caesars Palace host a great mall area with the skyline effect that ultimately changes throughout the day, from morning to night with stars in the sky and mind you, this is indoor! Amazing huge Trojan Horse outside the FAO Schwarz toy store! Love the swimming pool, you can lounge like Caesar and Cleopatra. :)
4	One of the better casinos.  I've always had a thing for Caesar's because I was a stone sculptor, like, 10 lives before this current one.
3	I do not like this hotel. I will give it 3 stars because of the fact that it's attached to AWESOME shopping and we always catch jerry seinfeld there. The rooms are not worth what they charge. Yes, they are big but they are outdated. Also, the maid service was mediocre and the rest of the hotel seemed dirty to me. No thanks! Stay at the Wynn for the same price.
4	This is just a review for that lounge that you can run into when you walk in the front.  I love this lounge, there's a Sinatra act there often, and if you sit at the bar, you may find a new female friend sidling up to you.  That's not what I dig, I just love the old school Vegas feel to the lounge, and the fact that there's no cover or line!
5	i stayed here for 3 nights. their concierge/customer service is out of this world. they really know how to treat their guests. the pool area is sooo beautiful and amazing (look at photo posted). the European bathing area was quite an experience, though. haha (naked peoples!!) i loved sun bathing, drinking up mojitos, pina coladas, and martini's by the pool, and swimming for hours and hours. fabulous sculptures, cleo and caesar walking around the hotel, one of the hottest clubs (PURE), lounges, Forum Shops, Celine Dion show, bars, and DUHHHHH the Casino is awesome! lol. i loved my stay here. make it your stay.
5	I love it.  Point blank.  I came for my birthday on a 3 night comp... my room was gorgeous, the bathroom was fit for a queen, and the service was excellent.  Only one incident came up with room service taking over an hour, but to make up for it they took care of the bill.  The pool is to die for.  I wish I was still laying out having pitchers of mojitas delivered to me by bronze godesses... :(  so sad.  I miss you Caesars!
2	Overrated and overpriced.  The rooms in the old section of the hotel are bad.  The only worthwhile parts of CP are the gaming floor (great sports book) and the food (MeSa is great), but you can do that- and shop in The Forum- without overpaying to stay here.
4	Caesar's is a pretty damn cool place to stay.But -1 star for fucking up our room reservations! The Maid-of-Honor booked us the Double Bay Suite - 2 bd/ba suite with a jacuzzi and living room amongst other amenities. Caesar's ended up putting us in a couple smaller suites with no living room, and adjoining bedrooms. On top of that, they didn't tell us that they sold out of the Double Bay Suites, and one of our rooms wasn't even ready in time. Can you imagine a bunch of girls crammed into one room. The MOH then called the front desk and spent about 2-3 hours looking at other rooms which unfortunately were not up to par with what we had originally wanted. AND, when the other room was ready, our keys didn't work. And they were still going to charge us the $500/nt for the smaller rooms. After much negotiating, she was able to get $400 off the total bill. But still, she shouldn't have been spending the entire afternoon bargaining with these people.In the future, just make sure you get what you pay for. Also, the check-in line is about a 30 - 45 minute wait. You can get lost in this hotel. But it's Vegas, what can ya do? Otherwise, I can't complain about this place because it is really nice and has everything - nice pools, shopping, atmostphere, etc.
5	The best hotel on the strip for the $$.I've stayed here quite a few times and if you use their players card, it's easy to earn free comps. The rooms are nicely decorated, the bathrooms are spacious and housekeeping/room service is always on top of things.
5	This used to be my favorite hotel until Venetian and TI came along.  Used to stay here 18 years ago.  Good lord - that make me how old????!!!!!Caesar's is my thrid favorite hotel.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with this place.  A wonderful experience.
5	While I've never stayed at this hotel, I have spent my fair share of cashola into coin here. A beautiful hotel with an even more beautiful venue space, it's a definite stop off on any Vegas adventure. Last year, we came here for the Comedy Festival to see Dane Cook and Dave Chappelle and got shit howdied with a bunch of the comedians after the show. (Note: We didn't get shit howdied with Dane or Dave, but other comedians were nice enough to buy two single gals drinks...imagine that)I won't even deduct a star for the fact that Celine Dion calls this place home. You go with your power of Luuuuurve.
4	Caesar's was nice...our room was great. It had a great view of the strip and this lovely red velvet couch. However, it was missing one integral part- a full length mirror! I'm willing to bet Celine hordes them all for herself. The room also doesn't come with a fridge or coffee maker...yet there is a tv in the bathroom. Caesar's is probably one of the most confusing places on earth- if you get yourself into those Appian Way shops good luck!  The pool was great, very crowded but lots of fun. The location of CP is the best....we never leave that part of the strip!All in all our stay at Caesar's was great.  I would recommend it to friends.
4	im giving this place a 4.5 for the augustus towers.  they are almost identical to the wynn vip tower rooms except bigger and brighter.  really good job on these.  the older rooms are better than average but nothing to go crazy about.  the shopping arcade is a bit difficult to navigate now with all the different wings but its got most everything.  ive found the restaurants here to be just so-so.  however, points to the celine dion show for sure
5	Stayed at the ghetto Imperial Palace across the street since we're all cheap college students. We made this our second home as we tried our best to spend the least amount of time possible at Imperial Palace. The hotel staff was very accommodating. We were there so much, they often mistakened us for their guests. The man in charge of the casino floor gave my friends a tour and offered suggestions on where we can gamble on a budget. They have an awesome sports betting section with a billion tv screens and lounge chairs. I enjoyed gambling at the Wheel of Fortune table. The dealer was hilarious. Cocktails provided were better than drinks I've had in all the bars and clubs I've been to. No complaints. I'd want to stay here in the future.
3	Nice hotel. I wish I could stay here. Probably the best place to play Blackjack!
4	I've been to many Las Vegas hotels and was very pleased with Caesars.  Stay here and play here, but don't gamble here unless you are a high roller.  Go across the street to Osheahs for lower limits and crapless craps.The hotel room was very nice and felt safe and clean there.  Food choices are nice and the pool is so nice!  It's worth just hanging out around the pool at night.All of this comes at a cost though.  Go try to reserve a room and you'll see what I mean.Tip - Tip $20 at the front desk to get a "free" upgrade.  It states here that people have a 76% success rate doing this.http://www.frontdesktip.com/fhotel.php?id=4
5	Ok, so maybe I'm biased.  My dad worked for Caesar's for 20+ years, and when all was said and done he managed the dice pit of the place and also took charge of the high roller suites from time to time.  (Not the high roller room, mind you.  We're talking the private places where people like, oh, I don't know, the Sultan of Brunei plays.)  So I grew up here and I have a particular affinity for it.  However, this does not downplay its grandeur.Caesar's has the distinction of being the only older resort on the Strip that is not in imminent danger of being imploded.  Why is this?  Well, for one, they have the ability to keep up with the times.  In a city like Vegas, you have to be current.  Caesar's keeps its timeless feeling of class while staying relevant to young people and 'old timers' who want the feeling of 'old Vegas' alike.  It's classy without being intimidating, beautiful without being too gaudy, and hip without carrying an iPod.The Forum Shops are being imitated time and again in other resorts, bur Caesar's did it first and did it best.  Cleopatra's Barge is just as booming as it was the first time her famous bosoms hung over that walkway.  And, seriously, the David replica?  It's almost more famous than the ACTUAL David.I've stayed in their rooms twice in my life:  Once during a high school friend's birthday party, and once on my wedding night.  (Just to clarify, the wedding was beautiful.  The marriage?  Not so much, and that's over now.)  I stayed in a 'regular' room for my friend's party.  There were just a few of us - we weren't real partiers - but man, was that room gorgeous for a standard, run of the mill room.  It was smallish but opulent.  The bed and pillows invited you to sink into them and the bathrooms probably rivaled Liberace's.For my wedding, my father pulled some strings and got us a King Suite.  It was airy and spacious, and the decoration was immaculate.  The bathroom was entirely floored and walled with marble.  A giant whirlpool tub soothed my aching be-corseted muscles, and I had to hop into the giant waterfall marble shower just to say I had.Caesar's took care of my father well.  He enjoyed his employ there and they always let him know that they appreciated his work.  What is awesome is that they extend that welcome to all their visitors.  Please, visit Caesar's.  And, while you're there, tip your hat to the sky and say hi to my pops.  He'll like to know you love it as much as he did.
3	Meh, it's just alright.  I was pretty unimpressed with the rooms although the bathrooms are great.  The service sucks though as you get on the phone with the desk and you get put on hold for 10 minutes.  Oh and it smells hella funny.  Haven't seen the pool yet but I hear it's amazing... C'mon Caesar's impress me!!
5	My jaw dropped when I walked into our suite in the new Augustus Tower.  I screamed when I saw the flat screen above the jacuzzi tub.  The new suites are luxurious.  We were on the top floor and had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains.  The bed was comfy, the bathrobes great to snuggle in.  I spent one morning lying in the tub watching movies. Room service can be slow...2 hours for breakfast, but the biscuits and gracy were worth the wait.  Caesars also has a great pool with tasty Strawberry Daiquiris served right to your lounge chair.FYI-I thought we would get a huge bill from the rose petal stains on the white comforter, thankfully didn't.  So go for the romance and don't fret!
5	OK, I do not mean to sound snooty, I'm not, I work hard to enjoy my lifestyle, I am not the beneficiary of a trust fund. I love Ceasars Palace becasue they do it right. I always stay in the Centurion Tower in the Presidential Suite. The room is 2000 sq ft with marbel baths and sinks with real gold fixtures, 2 toilets, a roman steam shower, a lace canopy bed, 24 hr personal butler and all the ammenities only a king would want. I love having them plan my morning service to make my room without the bothersome knocking. In the afternoon, I request a bowl of fruit and sushi placed in my room with a bottle of Cakebread Chardonay for entertaining. After an afternoon of frolicking in the garden of the gods pool, which you would be hard pressed to find a better pool anywhere in the world. The pool has fountains and roman coloumns galore. It is submersed withing palm trees and if your a confident lady, the Venus pool offers topless sunbathing and is arguably the pool to be at and where you will find me. After the pool, I go to my room to find Russian Beluga Caviar and assorted toast points and chocolate covered strawberries...yummy! then it's off to dinner at Pacific Seafood in the Casino with the best sushi and seafood swimming on the strip. After some gaming, I go hit the pussycat lounge to down a martini or two before heading to the best club bar none on the strip called Tryst located at the Wynn hotel. Ceasars is the best becasue they cater to the person who wants and expects the best. You pay a premium for this service but when I'm playing, I don't give a rats ass how much it costs becasue dammit I'm out to party like a rockstar and thats why I work hard. I don't live to work, I work to live. You gotta do it Caeasars palace way folks.
3	This place is 70s-esque, and I had flashbacks or visions of my parents boogying around in drunkenness. So it earns an extra star, because Caesar's Palace apparently has nostalgic value for my family members. The landscaping greenery featured a few Roman-esque statues, fountains, and it was kitschy. And I admit fun. Still, I feel bad for the cocktail waitresses who have to wear these horrendous leotard get ups, and the casino was too smokey and dingey for my taste.
3	I was a little apprehensive at first but my experience at Caesars was not too bad. I stayed on the 40th floor of the Augustus tower and the rooms were great - clean, large, 2 plasma tv's, brilliant views of the Bellagio fountain. The pool was decent, actually it was pretty good. Better than the Venetian and Bellagio, but it did not compare to the one at Mandalay. The location is of course very central with easy access to the Forum Shops. If circumstance made me stay here again - I wouldn't have a problem.
4	We stayed for a bachelorette party and they gave us 10 keys for the 2 rooms.  The beds were comfotable, the bathrooms were easily shared, especially with a tv for us to watch E Celebrities on, and the service was decent.  The only thing was it took them 2 hours to fix our door lock which had low battery.  Afterwards, they ended up wiping out all 10 keys which had to be redone.  For the inconvenience of having us start our Friday night a bit later, they gave us $100 to spend in the hotel.
5	I've stayed everywhere else other than this place.  However, my buddy wanted to be at the center of stuff so Caesar's Palace it was.  The table games area wasn't super massive, but we did have fun losing $$$ there.  I feel like we overpayed for the rooms since we were there for a massive convention.  We stayed in the Roman Tower and the rooms were standard.  The bathroom was the standout since it was all marble with a huge soaking tub (I never used it, though).The food choices were great (cheap (food court, augustus cafe) and expensive (palm, joe's stone crab, nero's) and the traffic was cool (simon cowell was playing blackjack at the table across from me).The big perk was the Pussycat Dolls gambling area.  It's cheesy as hell, but they dance and deal while PCD music plays.  It is so much easier giving your money away to a good looking dealer.  Also, it's fun seeing all the people waiting to get into PURE.
4	For my first trip to Vegas, I stayed at Caesar's Palace. My cousin got married here in the garden next to the amazing pool. Everything about this place is overwhelming yet fun. The place is ginormous and the Forum Shops attached to the hotel is an incredible, upscale mall. Restaurant selections are great too, including Spago, Mesa Grill, Palm Restaurant, and Rao's. The pool area is absolutely amazing - there are a number of separate pools with snack bars and a bar, cocktail waitresses that will bring you drinks all day long. There's even a "private" pool area, part of Pure nightclub, that you have to pay to get into (I didn't bother).The rooms were nice enough, but I knocked off one star because they were lacking certain conveniences...like a soap dish in the bathroom. The bathroom at first glance looked nice - marble floor, big marble bathtub, even a red light in the ceiling (it looked like a security camera!). But the shower stall had only one soapdish to place your shower essentials, meaning I had to put my bottles of toiletries on the floor, which is not so convenient. Also, the shower stall was clearly designed by a man, because shaving my legs in there was no easy task. The casino area at Caesar's wasn't as big as some of the other casinos I visited, but it seemed like enough to me as I'm not a huge gambler. The Pussycat Dolls Lounge Casino area was fun, with leopard print chairs and go-go dancers. Luckily I was with family so I didn't have to pay for my room, otherwise I probably couldn't have afforded to stay here. It's not the most upscale of the Vegas casino hotels, but it's pretty damn nice. I'd definitely stay here again.
1	Here's a classic Vegas story.  A true story and tragedy of sorts.  It was NYE 1999, clock ticked midnight, and I was out on the strip.  Blocks of people packed like sardines.  Out of nowhere a random flying beer bottle smacks yours truly above my right temple.  Blood begins gushing.  Happy New Year, party over.  Being the closest casino, a few friends and I dashed to Caesars.  Next step was to get to an ER.  Just one problem: the taxi line was 30 deep.  By that time, my face must have looked like I had just come out of mother's uterus.  What does the douchebag taxi line attendant at Caesar's do?  Matter of factly remark that it will be $20 to get to the front of the line.  WTF?!?!?!?!?!Classy, huh?Fuck Caesar's.        We took the next cab to pass through, and hell no, no one paid $20.Rating: The most dimly lit one star possible.
4	I roamed through the casino a few times, and boy, the amount of cigarette smoke is overwhelming from 50 feet outside of the entrance. There is more cigarette smoke concentrated in this casino than all of the casinos on the strip combined. Not sure if it is due to the overwhelming concentrated group of smokers that venture here or if it is the poor filtration system. My eyes were parched and stunned.This place must have killer acts. The current feature is Celine Dion's "A New Day." My friend watched the show and was moved. I met her in the Celine Dion store after the concert, and the place was mobbed! It was unlike the Cirque du Soleil 'O' store in the Bellagio. If you just stood still in the store, you still got trumped over. Celine Dion is about to say bye-bye to Vegas. Her contract was only suppose to be through 2003, and it was extended through 2007. So hurry and get a glimpse of her live performance. She definitely appeals to a certain market. Jokes aside, I have to admit I really like her moving music. =PNext up is Elton John.And Pure was...well read my next review...I did not stay at the hotel.
4	The plus side of Caesars is that you never have to leave Caesars!The forum shops, the mall, the casino, EVERYTHING is in Caesars.The rooms were great, minus the 'sweaty wet towel' smelling pillows.Room service was fast and the food was good.
5	ooh i don't know if they upgraded me without telling me but omg the room they gave me was wonderful!!!!!!!! a plasma tv...living area...plasma in the bathroom...huge oversized tub...the room was so nice i wanted to live there!!!! great service...fabulous pool area...I LOVE IT!!!
5	I absolutely LOVED my stay here.  We were upgraded to a Junior Suite in the Palace Tower and enjoyed our view of the strip and Bellagio water show (the view between the Augustus Tower and Bellagio) as well as our view of the pools, including the new 'hotel guest exclusive pool'.Our room was 900 square feet, had a huge closet, two bathrooms, very very comfy king sized bed and a decent sized sitting area.  The bathroom was the best - There was one large shower with two showerheads that you could enter from either bathroom.  The jacuzzi tub was large enough for two and so nice to have in the room.I was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable the bed was.  I slept so well.The hotel staff was extremely helpful and pleasant - Andrew at the front desk is wonderful.  Our housekeeping staff was very thorough and friendly when we saw them in the hallway.  I like the location of Caesar's Palace, it's somewhat central to the hotels on that side of the strip (next door to Bellagio and Mirage, across the street from Harrah's, near TI and Venetian).We also explored the new Augustus Tower and the conference room area.  We even passed a couple of the 'chapels' - I was always kind of curious what they looked like for whatever reason.  They weren't all that exciting to look at, to be honest, but I can see how they had potential to be 'done up' a bit if the wedding party decided to do any decorating - just adding flowers would probably make it look like a funeral parlor.... I definitely want to check out Qua Day Spa on a future visit if we stay at Caesar's again.While I like Caesars Palace as a whole, easy access to the Forum Shops in particular, it's definitely not my favorite overall hotel.  I still have an affinity for the Venetian.  We weren't really intrigued by any of the restaurants in Caesars, with the exception of 808, but we were dazzled by our other dining options at the other hotels and decided to skip it this visit.This hotel makes a great 'homebase' to relax and recharge in between visits to all of the other great spots in Vegas!
3	Dude, I clearly need to make friends with some people on here!  It was an acceptable choice for the weekend, though sharing a double bed isn't all that great (why no queens?).  It was clear from the design of the room that the possibility of four women sharing it was not contemplated.  The makeup light in the bathroom (which was tiny!) highlighted every flaw, there wasn't a full-length mirror, and it was almost impossible to blow-dry one's hair using the other (tiny) mirror in the actual room.  Seems like I might be the only one with this problem, though!  The pool area is nice and spacious, lots of chairs were available at different times and there were plenty of shady options for those of us with fair skin.So if someone here wants to hook me up for next time, I'd be more than happy to update my review!
4	Classic casino.
3	Gorgeous hotel and forum shops: 5 StarsHair in the food at the Buffet: negative 5 Billion StarsBecause I'm an extraordinarily nice person and the bitchy manager who should not be in the hospitality/service industry comped both my and my friend's meals: 5 Billion and 3 StarsBasically this place has too much of a reputation to put it down so much, but avoid Pure (boring) and the buffet (toxic) and you're good to go: 3 Stars total
2	This review is for the buffet, as I didn't stay at the hotel, though the hotel does seem quite lovely.  However, the buffet - blech.  The line at the Bellagio buffet was ridiculously long (we would have waited 2 hours), and we really really wanted to stuff ourselves silly with buffet food (after stuffing ourselves silly the day before at the Aladdin buffet), so settled in at Caeser's.  Dry chicken, reheated frozen egg rolls, and shriveled breakfast products.  No thank you.  So disappointing.
5	I love this place. Love it. I feel like a royal princess type person, and I haven't even really gambled here! Here's what I like about this hotel:Instant upgrade to a huge suiteCleanliness of everythingPool -- so clean, and with many different ones, you can avoid gross peopleDecoration -- SO modern and makes me never want to leaveView of Bellagio water showRoom service -- so speedy hubby and I barely had time to roll around naked in our piles of money on the bed before they rang the doorBeds -- so soft and comfortable, I seriously may never leaveBathroom -- like a mini-mansion, only thing missing is a butler names "Chas"Forum shops -- glamor glamor glamorCostumes -- I heart togas. I can't help it. they're hot.
5	This review is for the Sports Book:Sports Fan in Vegas = The Need For a Sports Book FixI admit it....I am a sports book whore, so it is about time I actually wrote a review on one. Caesars is the best....the absolute best when it comes to sports books in this city. Televisions galore! There are about 6 screens that are movie theater size lost among 20 other smaller screens.  The seating area is awesome....great Easy-Boy type chairs for you to sit on for your comfortable viewing pleasure. A great way to spend a Sunday in fall during football season, but you must remember the saying "early bird gets the worm" if you plan on spending your morning/evening here. People have been known to get there at 6am to reserve the lounge chairs for the 10am games.If you don't plan on being early... there are plenty of seats to go around but they do go pretty fast. The cocktail service is great....I love that fact that Caesars always staffs about 6 servers for their busy Sundays. There is always someone around to take your order. The satellite beer/cocktail carts that they have stationed all around are handy too. The fans that come here are the rowdiest I have ever seen. Always in their fav. jerseys....friendly, cheering and clapping as if you were in an actual stadium. I do wish the food court was a little closer... after 5 rounds of beer and hunger starts to set in, it always seems as if it were located in Utah. Overall, if you want the best sports book experience especially during football season....this is the place to be.
5	This is my favorite hotel to stay in. The rooms are amazing, especially in the new tower. You are close to the forum shops (and even though everything is too expensive for me to buy anything, I still enjoy looking), and you are centrally located to go to all other casinos on the strip. The pool area is awesome, and my friends and I laid out all day and people watched. There are 3 main pools to choose from, my fave is the round one. There is food and drinks available outside as well. Room service was great, fresh food. My only qualm with the room was the bathroom. Don't get me wrong, it was gorgeous, but there is a shower with glass doors in between 2 bathrooms, which might be cool if you are on your honeymoon, but I was with 3 other chicks, and I didn't really want to see them naked. But that's just me, I am sure a lot of people going to Vegas want to see their roomies naked! We ate at a couple of restaraunts inside, Mesa Grill was tasty (it's Celeb chef Bobby Flay's place. I don't like him, but it was good.) We had drinks by the pussycat dolls lounge and they  were strong and got the job done! On a previous time I had seen Celine Dion, and while I am not a big Celine fan, the tickets were free, and the show was pretty cool. All in all, there is a lot to do at this casino, and I had a really good time. One tip, though...there is always a cab line late at nite, so get a towncar. More expensive, but so much cleaner and faster!
4	We stayed here two years ago on NYE.  Our room was just ok, but the location and offerings were great.  The Shadows bar was a blast, the shopping is great and I got a sense of "old, authentic" Vegas.  We ordered roomservice a few times and the food was just ok. My biggest criticism is that they really need to do something about the cigarette smoke ventilation in the lobby casino, it was really bad.
5	NO SALES TAX and every store you could imagine, literally!  I had a mini orgasm just walking around!  You don't even have to buy anything and you'll still take something away from the experience.  If you're shopping with dudes who hate shopping, the decor of the mall is really tight.  We all win!  Yeay!
4	Great place to shop and walk around. Lots of things to do.Remember to catch the Mythology Fire Show.
4	I like the fact that CP continues to improve, expand and keep up with the times.  It hasn't faded (or disappeared) like so many other casinos (Sands, Stardust, etc.).  Our room was pretty nice, big (considering it was the standard room) with a nice bathroom (but why no door?).  I've stayed in newer and nicer hotels in Vegas, but not much better.  The casino is really nice, although the table games tend to the more expensive side).  The drinks flow pretty freely, even in the slots areas.  There are many restaurants (Neros and Mesa Grill are great) and of course there are a lot of stores in the Forum Shops (currently being expanded).  Be sure to check out Tourneau if you have a watch fetish like I do.  The staff was great.  I think they are planning on renovating a lot of their rooms over the next year as well as build a new tower, so it might be worth it to go now for cheaper rates, or wait for brand new rooms.  I would definitely recommend a stay here, but I wouldn't go here exclusively either.
5	this story goes way back...we were in our senior year in college, all old enough to gamble, so we drove to the sin city.  if my memory serves me right, the best thing we did was eating at caesar's palace buffet, sharing 1 lobster with 3 other girls.  the hotel was beautiful, the people were beautiful and even the staff here were beautiful.  we were too poor to stay at this hotel back then, but i promised myself that one day i will be back as a guest.  what a sad story...fast forward 10 something years, i finally kept the promise last weekend.  10 girls checked into a 2 bedroom , 2 story suite, and when we opened the double door, our jaw dropped.  a grand piano, a whirlpool bath tub, a wet bar, marble floors, huge rooms, a livingroom and even a bidet...it was absolutely amazing.  we used every single amenity (played piano when we were sober and threw ourselves into the tub when we were drunk).  i know this hotel is a little outdated compared to wynn and bellagio, but it just has the old charms and grandioso vibes.  what a comeback story this is...the staff at the front desk were very pleasant to deal with and even remembered my name the next day when i asked them to accommodate us with some stuff at their rival hotel.  be sure to take pictures with a lot of naked men standing in the hotel entrance, lobby and outside.  they are mute, deaf, blind and many are even limbless.
5	I've stayed at Caesar's before but not in true baller status like this past weekend. 2,000 square feet of luxury! Get this...-2 story suite-Marble floors-Jacuzzi bathtub-2 huge rooms-King size beds-4 bathrooms-Bidets-5 TVs (including the ones in the bathrooms)-Pool view-Strip view-Grand piano-Spiral staircase-Big living room-Bucket necket sculptures-BarThis is just what our suite was like...but Caesar's Palace also provides one of the best shopping in LV. Ummm...is it wrong to say that I don't wanna stay in regular rooms anymore?? Cuz I don't. ;p
5	I don't know how I got them confused, but somehow, I made an unconscious association with Caesar's Palace and Little Caesar's Pizza Chain.  You know, Pizza! Pizza!  So I had low expectations when I heard we were going to stay there during our trip to Vegas.  I anticipated a general aura of sleaze that was so not what we got.  We stayed in the Palace Tower and were thrilled with our flat panel TV, HUGE room, comfy bed, jacuzzi tub and beautiful decor.  It was truly an oasis of calm and relaxation above the chaos of the strip.  And the shopping!!!  Good Lord!  It just kept going and going...I even got up the courage to try on a $4,000 Versace dress with gold heels ($800) and damn I looked good!  Just getting to try it on made my day.The pools were gorgeous, but unfortunately it was so windy we weren't able to get in the water or hang out...  I thought the coffee at Rao's was better than the coffee at their food court...  We ate at the buffet and got gouged.  We went for lunch but got charged $6 more per person for "brunch."  That blew.  The hotel was recently renovated, and I think they're really invested in keeping up with the Wynn/Bellagio/other new developments.  This was a top tier experience!
5	FAQQ: You liar you didn't even stay at this hotel!A: Hey, with every finger pointed at me. There are four pointed at you (unless you're a Simpsons character).Q: So, why the 5-Stars Mister I-Never-Stayed-Here?A: Two words: Snackus Maximus.I know a couple of friends who got upgraded to a suite here and since they were staying at the hotel anyway, the whole lot of us had no shame in going to the pool.The pool is INCREDIBLE. Booze stands everywhere, a cool crisp pool, awesome architecture, and $500.00 cabanas (yes, i asked. no, i didn't get one. do i look like i'm made of money? jeez).Also, I just like saying 'Snackus Maximus.' I was really hoping they'd have calamari here, but alas, they did not.Q: Elton John or Celine Dion?A: Sir Elton, of course. Duh.FYI ... I failed Latin in college, but if you get this joke/pun, you are amazing: Videsne Poker? Video Poker. (ha!)FYI 2 ... When you start coming up with Vegas-related jokes in Latin, seriously start thinking about which one of your friends put the LSD in your drink.
5	I just absolutely L-O-V-E Ceasars Palace. I've stayed there twice, but I go there everytime I am in Las Vegas.  My rooms have always been fantastic! The last time I went, there was a TV in each room including the bathroom!!! YES!!  The casino areas are large and room, so you dont have to be bothered with stinky cigarette smoke.The food court is fabulous!  I love the salad "kiosk" there!  You can create a huge salad without pigging out!
3	Another solid, but not spectacular Las Vegas Hotel/Casino. Good mid-range selection for the north side of the strip. King room I stayed in was notably larger than similarly classed selections in other hotels. Shopping selections (not a big criteria for me) seem more varied than some of the others.
3	2.5 stars.  First of all, the shower in my room was lukewarm and the lights in my bathroom burned out the second night.  However, when I told them they did take off the room service from my bill.  The food options are lackluster except for Mesa.  We went to the food court and everything just looked wrong to me but still a bottle of water was $5.  Everything is ridiculously expensive, although I know that isn't just specific to this hotel in Vegas.  The pool was nice and there seemed to be plenty of lounge chairs and I got my margarita fairly quickly.  That and the fact that Mesa is in the building give it 2.5 stars.  Next time I will visit the pool and Mesa and stay somewhere else.
5	The 24 hour bar here is awesome.
4	11.24.07 - Took KU -2 over Mizzou; OU -13 over OSU; and UCLA +2 over a Dixon-less Ducks.  Won on 2 of 3.  It's always good when you place a 3 digit bet and walk away with 4.  The only thing that was stopping this review from being the coveted "Rage's 5 Star Yelp Review," was the Jaywalks blowing it vs Mizzou - hate the Big XII.  GO BLUE!
5	as many know by now, walter and i were married here at the palace. we had a nice garden location, near the front of the hotel with the fountains/water falls and all that fun stuff. anyways, the day was perfect, a bit cold but not a cloud in the sky. it didn't seem possible, to have an intimate wedding on the strip. but, i tell ya...my day was amazing and i'm so glad to have had it here. while caesar's is a very popular place for weddings, it was amazing that we were able to keep the gardens clear. the fountains were a perfect backdrop. everyone at the hotel was very helpful. the cost of the wedding, TOO Much to talk about. the cost of the dresses & suits, $2000+, the memories ~priceless!!
4	I'll give it four stars for now, but I just got here. I might adjust it when I leave in a few days.I arrived around 8 PM on a Saturday night and trying to get in to Caesar's was a madhouse. This is a popular casino and the lines into valet were ridiculous. I couldn't even find a sign pointing to self-parking. I was eventually able to valet since I was checking in. Visitors who weren't hotel guests were directed to self park by the valet.The hotel registration desk was close to the entrance, which was nice. I hate when I have to walk through half the casino before I even check in. The line was short and the wait wasn't too long. The clerk upgraded me for no extra charge to a suite-style room in the same tower as the conference I am attending.The room is not at all over the top like the rest of Caesar's. It is well-appointed and aesthetically-pleasing. I wasn't sure it was going to work out for me since it is a smoking-optional room, but they do a good job with ionizing it between guests and it is nearly impossible to tell that someone smoked in here in the past.The bed is super comfortable (I am in it now, posting this before I go to bed) and they have wireless internet available in the rooms.Updated:I never received my bill in the mail after using the in-room check-out. I called the reservation line and was given a different number to call. After selecting the appropriate options, I was led to a recording giving me yet another number to call. I called that number, went through the options and was put through to a line that just rang and rang and rang. I tried every option on that system with the same results. I called every 15 minutes for a couple hours and never got a person on the phone or even a voicemail box. I had to submit my expense report using a copy of my credit card statement.
4	Here on business last month--it's funny, although there were 4 of us traveling, we all got put in different locations of the hotel.  My room was in the Palace Tower and it looked like it was recently renovated.  It was nicely appointed and tasteful, however there were some jarring moments:  half of the closet was taken up by HVAC stuff and the window panorama looked over a soiled rooftop.   Also, for the life of me, I couldn't figure out the clock radio and was woken up every morning at 6am (gleep!).  I shouldn't complain too much--my boss's room looked like a 1970's swinger's club.  I didn't hear the end of that story until we touched down at Burbank airport.Check in/out was very quick and efficient--just how I like it!
2	Great front desk folks, but the housekeeping staff is apparently not drinking the same Kool-aid. My room was disappointingly dusty and there were hairs that weren't mine in the bathroom.  But I did have a killer view of the rooftop below me...and the frontage road.And paying to use the gym just ain't kosher in this day and age.  Why not tack on a few extra bucks to the room rate?  With all the hotel options in Las Vegas, I'll not be coming back here again.
4	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  The service was decent and the hotel room was great.  It is located in the middle of the main Vegas strip so you can walk to all the other popular casinos (ie. Bellagio, Paris, etc.).  To be honest, I really didn't stay in my room very long.  Come on, you are in Vegas...no time to sleep.Tips/Tricks:I noticed some ppl having problems with check-in.  You should be checking-in at the airport.  At the airport lobby, there is a Caesars Palace booth and there is no line-ups.  Bang...in 5 minutes you are checked-in.One of the hot nightclubs in Vegas is Pure.  It is not easy getting in on a Saturday night.  It took us 45 minutes to get in (not bad).  There are three basic lines: girls, VIP, and regular walk-ins off the street.  You have to wait in the VIP line and be prepared to show your hotel room key card.  This card is the secret to get you in (you still have to pay the cover charge which was $30 something).  One more thing...don't forget to SUIT UP.   This is the best nighclub I have ever been to.  It is something to check out.  Yes, bottled water for $8 and a round of drinks for 7 guys will set you back $100 but it was worth it.Getting tickets to any show in Vegas is possible.  Unless you are a high roller or know a pit boss, you will need to do this.  Go to the casino where the show is playing and line up at the standby line at about 4pm (the earlier the better but that time should be sufficient).  Ask a lot of questions to make sure you are in the right place.  You should be able to purchase tickets at around 6 to 6:30pm depending on the hotel/casino and showtime.Topless pool...yea, you heard me.  It is free admission for hotel guest on week days (bring your room key).   The trick is to show up early in the a.m. and get your wrist tagged.  They count how many guys they admit and try and keep an equal ratio so there is no Sausage-Fest.    After you get tagged, you can go have breakfest and show up later in the day to enjoy the view.I tried out Bobby Flay's restaurant, Mesa Grill on the first night I arrived in Vegas.  Wow...what a way to start off Vegas.  The food and service was excellent.  All the other ppl in my party had fish (which they enjoyed) and I was the only one who ordered the Steak.  Awesome steak....cooked perfect and it had this sauce/glace which was amazing.  Average price of each entree dish was $40-45.  I booked this Vegas package through Expedia.com ...removing the flight, I figure that the room cost about $175 per night.   It was decent and I would return to this hotel.
4	Good place to shop.
5	By far this is my favorite hotel in Vegas.  What made it even better was I stayed here FREE (3 days 2 nts)!!!!  I am not talking about their classic guest room.  I am talking about the Augustus Tower room!!!  These rooms run for about $450 per night on weekends!!! I usually stay at the Venetian (also free) because I like the big suite room, but I thought I'd check out Caesars.  I checked in at the Diamond Check-in and the staff was very courteous.  When I first walked into the room, my jaw almost dropped with a 'WOW'.  It was ultra modern and very luxurious looking.  Although not quite as big as a suite, it was very roomy with a nice couch and chair in the sitting area.  I am guessing the room is about 600 sq ft.  We had a gorgeous view of the Garden of Gods Pool.  Double-vanity marble bathroom with a walk-in shower and Jacuzzi tub which I took full advantage of every night!  32" Plasma TV in the room with a 17" in the bathroom.  And the bed, OMG, the bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in with plush comforter and pillows.  I loved it so much I contacted the hotel concierge to find out where we could purchase it.  Honey got it for me as my birthday present!!!!  The bed was by Serta.  Their diamond lounge is the best diamond lounge among all Harrah's chain.  There is also a seven-star lounge that I doubt I'd ever make it in (100,000 points to become 7-star member).  The diamond lounge is good enough for me.  It serves hot breakfast - scrambled eggs and bacon, sandwiches and wraps for lunch, and hot appetizers along with sandwiches for dinner.  Pastries, cheese and crackers, pasta salad, and fresh fruits are served all day long.  You can get just about any kind of drinks you want from the bar.  Everything is free, just make sure you tip the server who brings you the drinks.  This is where a lot of celebrities stay and we ran into one in the elevator.  He was super nice and even chatted with us.  I promised him I was not going to harass him with a picture.  And he said he was happy that we recognized him.  The Forum Shops and Appian Way Shops are huge if you like shopping.  You will find all the designer labels if you are into that.  There are so many restaurants to choose from, too, from cafe to steakhouse.  Another advantage of being a diamond card holder is that I get to go in the diamond line and skip the long wait.  I really felt like a royalty at Caesars!
5	unbelieeeevable.  out of all the many times ive been to vegas this was the first time i'd stayed at caesar's and i must say, it was quite impressive.first of all, the rooms have been recently renovated so our room in the forum towers was aweeeesome. flatscreen tv, and even a tv in the mirror of your bathroom. thats right. mirror. of your bathroom. huge room, nice clean, all the amenities you'd want.  comfy bed, and a kinky mirror at the head to boot.  second, convenience.  the forum shops are downstairs, pure is here, awesome tables, great restaurants, next to bellagio,and mirage across from PH, Venetian, close to wynn...what's not to love? service: top notch. from bell desk to front desk to our cleaning staff. everyone was pleasant and helpful.only gripe? their new "color" salon next to qua spa.  $50 for an express manicure????!?!! oh, and their buffet...does it still exist?wtf. but overall, i love caesar's
3	Beautiful exterior and interior. I like the statues- they make good posing spots for photos. The buffet here was not the best, but not bad for the price they charge. Blackjack Tables were out of my budget so I didn't stay long.
4	i've always loved this casino. i made my first amount of cash gambling here back in the day. I only came here to play some poker and their poker room is beautiful and spacious.  The managers in the room weren't the brightest, but they were friendly and were sort of on top of things.  You can tell right away that they get a lot of regulars in the room, so it made it exciting for some time.
4	We got a room in the Augustus tower.  The room was huge and very comfortable.    Room service was kinda hit or miss and there was a mix up with what room we were supposed to be in but over all the place was pretty good.
2	Blood stains on wall.   Check.Lumpy college dorm room mattress.  Check.Asian guys giving me hard looks.  Check.$25 tables all weekend long.  Check.Two star review.  Check.
3	centrally located on the strip, this is the original of the "super nice" hotels, IMO.  i used to come here all the time with my uncle who would only stay here...many times before i even turned 21.  man...that lobby area hasn't changed a bit.  alright, here's what i got out of my two-night stay:- palace tower = it costs more, but the amenities are the same, except with a more modern decor and the flat screen.  (although they may have put the flat screens in the older rooms too...who knows.)  my favorite thing about this tower is the hotel pool is in this tower right by the elevator.- poolside = nice area with two large pools.  but closes at 6pm.  hello?  what is the point of that?  the sun hadn't even set yet!  and vegas is full of drunkards and people w/out poolside etiquette.  this means towels and trash left all over the place.  open chairs were hard to find.  they had 1 waitress for each side of the pool.  there were at least 60 people on each side.  needless to say, the food/beverage service sucked.  - valets = very courteous.- beds = really comfy.  a standard room with two queen beds fit 4 girls pretty well.we had the goverment discount rate, so i have no idea what the regular price is.  i don't stay on the strip often enough to have a "favorite hotel", so that's about it.  i'd give the poolside a 2, so averaging with my 4 overall is the main reason for the 3 star review.  review for the spa and the bradley ogden restaurant to come later.
5	What can I say great hotel to stay.  Stayed here a few times over the past few years...never been disappointed  once...well except maybe one time the jets didn't work in my jacuzzi.  Otherwise beautifully decorated room.  Huge bathroom and yay for the lcd in the bathroom.  Conveniently located on the strip...great food and shopping.  O yea didn't hurt that I won money from the pai gow table either.   Remember stay in the Augustus Tower rooms and you won't be disappointed.
4	malls = 5 stars.the artisan robotic perfomance = horribleoverall it's a crazy place to shop around. the architecture really does look greek @ some point.
4	This hotel is so huge, I've been there a million times and I still don't know my way around completely.  The Caesars Forum Shops mall is pretty cool.  There's plenty of places to eat and drink.  And there's a theatre with huge headlining acts (I saw Jerry Seinfeld there, my aunt is seeing Cher there).I've played poker quite a few times in the Caesars poker room, and it's definitely one of the best in town.  The have two rooms... the main room for cash games and another for tournaments.  It's pretty well run, and if you call in advance you can get on the list for some games.I think my favorite thing in this hotel is right when you come out of the elevators from the parking garage -- make sure you go through the door on the right.  Trust me, it's awesome.
3	This is getting old.  This is the second review I've had to redo after the original disappeared into cyberspace.  I stayed in the Augustus Tower.The property is obscenely immense and spread out.The room was spacious but smoke filled.The bed was comfortableThe entire place reeked of smoke.They charge a fortune to see performers at the end of their careers.They actually charge only the guys  to hang out at the topless pool.The convention facilities were nice but smoke filled.I'd stay there again if at a convention but otherwise there are other more interesting options.
1	Rooms: CleanService: Very hit or missPrice: Weekend ExpensiveShower: GreatBed and pillows: FantasticHVAC: Did not blow on my faceCheck in went very well and quick! Bell Desk was another story needs improvement.  Sports book needs updated TV monitors and they need to fix the broken ones.Hair dryer didn't work in room but was replaced immediately. TV didn't work correctly was fixed immediately.Pool area is under construction, service is the worst I've seen in a Vegas Strip Hotel. Do Not, I Repeat Do Not! Eat at the Ceasars Palace buffet, the worst buffet on the strip.The pool attendants, lifeguards, servers were all lazy arguing with each other and using ghetto slang to communicate, hilarious to watch but a sad state of affairs for the customer. Where is management and why aren't they training them.For few hundred dollars more you can stay at the ever fantastic Wynn Hotel and get pampered and treated like the high roller you want to be.
4	Caesars Palace!  Caesar built it....Mel Brooks made it famous in History of the World Part 1.  Rainman counted cards at the blackjack tables here in between episodes of Wopner.  Apollo Creed was killed in the ring here!  Numerous celebrities have performed here.  It's still one of the premier properties on the strip.  Very pricey, but very nice!  The service I've had has always been friendly.  The Forum Shops are beautiful!  I guess the best way to break it down is the following:PROS:  -Gorgeous!-Excellent location center strip-Celine Dion no longer performs here  (You can you remove your ear plugs)CONS:-Very expensive-Celine was replaced by Bette Midler  (Is it too late to get Celine back?)-Not meddled by MGM-Mirage Executives-No Micro-brewery.  Seriously...I can't emphasize this enough.  Rome wasn't built in a day, but you certainly can brew alot of  great beer in that time span.  A Julius Pale ale?  An "Et Tu Brute" Stout?  A "Veni Vedi Veci Nutty Brown"?  This would go over huge!  Build one...and star number five will magically appear!
3	I have to caveat this review with the fact that I was very jet lagged when I visited Caesars and by the time I left, very very drunk.  As such the details are hazy and the names have been changed as I can't remember them.This was the first casino we hit (besides our Hotel) and so I wasn't quite sure what to expect - in general I wasn't overwhelmed and it didn't come across as being particularly classy.  The bar staff were very friendly as where the dealers and waitress staff at the Blackjack table I spent the evening at.  They took full advantage of my willingness to drink their free beer and in that respect I felt slightly violated.  Not always a bad thing.I had the New Your Strip at the Mesa restaurant which I recall being very good , but being as that was about the last thing I remember before waking up back at my hotel it's too be taken with a pinch of salt...
4	F-A-B-U-L-O-U-S.  I had two basic rooms with were connected, which was great for 7 girls!  the beds were not comfortable and the 24 cafe is not good.  And those are my only two complaints....otherwise this place is amazing.  So close to the forum shops and all the shopping!  The pool is amazing.  We went to the main pool around 11:30 am and it was packed, so we thought to check out the venus pool.  We got in for free and were taken to a large, white day bed at the side of the pool.  We were also brought out complimentary champagne and the server refused to accept a tip!  It was such a nice way to start our stay at Caesars!  We then purchased $65 pitchers of rock candy lemonade (not virgin), and it was amazing.  We ended up lounging by the pool for 6 hours.  There is no pressure to go topless at this european style pool and not very many girls go topless.  It is tasteful and relaxing.  It was a perfect way to start my 25th birthday celebration!
4	Okay the ratio here between seven and eleven a.m. of geriatric motorized oxygen tank toting smokers is easily 2:1 over any other group of any kind. I noticed this one morning when I was trying to decide between tequila sunrises or bloody marys to ease the transition from the bourbon and waters I had been consuming the previous 12 hours. I plopped my drunk ass between 2 previously stated geriatrics at a dollar machine and slid my little paper ticket into the machine .....repeatedly......like over and over and over. I ask Miss Nebraska 1946 on my right if she had any problems to which she coughs a raspy "not me". That's when Miss Idaho 1939 looks at my voucher and says "that voucher is for Bally's this is Ceasar's".  DOHHH!!!I went back to Ballys and subsequently straight to bed.You had to be there.
2	I am never impressed with the more Disneyfied aspects of Las Vegas.  You won't find me lugging a 6 foot long cocktail down the street, or in the audience of "Thunder From Down Under" or ... staying at Caesars ever again.I can't recall what tower we stayed in but the only plus was the jets in the tub.  Otherwise it was just uneventful and tired.   I hate the glass door in the bathroom.  Please gimme a real door so I can do mah business in peace.The customer service also left a lot to be desired.   My friend is a pretty high roller there and we were still kinda brushed off.   Plus I found the entire casino difficult to navigate.   Easy to get lost.The shopping is great, and we were treated very well at Spago and Boa but it's back to Bellagio and the like for me.
4	Back in the days, it was the best casino until Bellagio outstaged it.  There's a nice mall in here as well.  One where you can do more than just window shop, though there are designer shops in here as expected.
2	This review is for the food court. It sucks. The price for what you get is ridiculous. Ive had better burgers at McD's and for a third of the price!
4	By far my favorite hotel to visit on the trip!!  Loved it.  It was Vegas-tacky but with a touch of class.  Nice people working there.  The mall area was fantastic and again, great workers in there!  Even the people at the Fat Tuesday's were exceptional being so wonderful, handing out coupons to people that got refills etc.  Saw Elton John, ate at Trevi, and walked serenely around.  One thing I didn't understand was the long ass line to get into the Pussycat Dolls club but I did as a lover of the women's appreciate them in the cages around the tables!  I guess that's kind of what's inside.  Again, tacky, but that's why I came to Vegas right?  It's been decided already since we spent more time here than our own hotel our next trip we'll be setting down here, and I can't wait to be treated like a Roman!
4	It's a pretty nice hotel. Nice rooms. Nice people. The statues are a little creepy though..
3	I honestly expected soo much from this place.. It was rated 4 stars on yahoo.. i rate it a 3.. there was really nothing that really made it especially exciting here.. it just seemed like a plain hotel with a nice outter appearance.. Otherwise.. the rooms are pretty darn plain! The Fairmont san francisco can do better!-x3 shells
3	I am just rating the casino, not the hotel... I think the casino is nice, but my main experience here was with the poker tournaments...I found that the people in the little booth area looked at me like I was an idiot and how dare I come there not knowing how things worked...Anyway, finally they helped me and while in the tourney, I was at final table, (the 5 remaining entrants and dealer) we were discussing that we all felt comfortable with using minor curse words, so I say something, not thinking, not trying to show off that I know a naughty word and thetourney director (who was listening to our entire convo) penalized me, that just pissed me off...He was pulling a power trip, anyway, next trip to Vegas, I certainly didn't go to Caesar's to play poker...thanks short little tourney dude for that one.
4	This review is for the downstairs areas and casino only as we did not stay here.Very pretty hotel with a comfort level of sameness that has been here for what seems like, ever. We played a few table games here and checked out the poker room which was beautiful but did not play. We did end up playing blackjack in the "Pussycat Doll Casino" which is based right outside Pure Nightclub. The music was loud, the atmosphere fun and young and we had a great time. The man ended up leaving +$200 and I was +50.Last year, my guy stayed here with a group of guys who were in town for a bachelor party. They dined at Bradley Ogden,played poker ( a lot) and really made use of this hotel. The room was just average from what he says, but since I didn't go, I cannot comment. They are in the process of building yet another tower planned to open in 2009, so if you are looking for something newer, this might be your best bet.
4	Unless you play a lot here, or find specials, the cheapest room rates always get you the Roman tower rooms, which are on the disappointing side for Vegas rooms.  They're older, and don't have all the luxuries that you'd expect from a hotel fit for the Gods.  The new towers are nice and have those things, but will cost you more.As for the rest of the hotel, I do like the grounds.  Like the Venetian, it's very large and extends through the multiple towers but is quite easy to maneuver.  The pool is one of my favorite in Vegas.  Full of marble (faux?) columns and fountains, it is one of the prettier sights to just relax at, and the people there usually aren't too bad eye candy either.  The restaurant offerings are broad, with all types of cuisine, and there is a line to PURE and Pussycat Dolls every night.  It's fairly centrally located on the strip and allows for quick access to all the other hotels.  Suggestion is to look for package deals - and as with all Vegas properties, sign up for players cards/email lists - you'll get special offers that make it much more appealing.
5	I come here every year for the same conference which happens to fall around the time of my birthday.  Being in Vegas for work is sort of a drag.  You're working.  Everyone else is partying.  You're up in daylight.  Everyone else is just getting home by daylight. The staff at Caesars are great.  I always get my room upgraded without any trouble.  The casino is completely useless to me.  I discovered the spa on my last visit and I'm planning to work it into my regular Caesars routine.
5	This is probably one of the best hotels in Vegas.  Between the restaurants and the shopping, it has everything you can possibly ask for.  Last time we were here we ate at Joe's Stone Crab which was delicious.  It's all huge, and another hotel that will impress.
5	I rate hotels in Las Vegas different from most hotels because when I stay at a hotel in Las Vegas I gamble there, I eat there, I'll go to the nightclub or lounge there and possibly shop there.  I might go to other establishments for anything I mentioned above but it's nice if I don't have to.   I love this hotel and all it has to offer.  First off the rooms are exquisite; especially, the Jacuzzi Suites.   I normally stay in the Forum Tower so the location is central and a short walk to 2 nightclubs,  Pure and Poetry.  You have a food court steps from the elevator.  You have the Forum Shops a few steps further with nice restaurants and designer shops.     I normally do pretty good gambling here.   :)   It's even better when I get free rooms.
4	One of my fav places to stay in Vegas! I'll try to keep this short, but here are my favorite things about it:*Rooms are great. I recommend trying the old $20 tip. This upgraded us to a large suite with a HUGE (largest I've seen in vegas) jacuzzi tub and a nice strip view.*best poker room in vegas, awesome sports book, and the best mall attached to a casino. *Nice pool, but it isn't the biggest, and it isn't as great as Mandalay Bay's*Fine dining is great, but their food court blows, and there are only limited other options.
5	We were able to get a suite in the Augustus Tower.  I hate the following adjective, but, the place was AMAZING!  I enjoyed living it up for once.
5	Classic Vegas, but it doesn't feel outdated at all. This is one of the biggest resorts along the Strip and it is REALLY easy to get lost in here. Stay with your party or you'll have a hard time finding them later on. I mean, this resort is epic. I would love to stay here sometime. It keeps its theme up pretty well. Definitely the forerunner for a lot of the newer resorts in terms of theme, shopping, decor, and general atmosphere. (I'm looking at you, Venetian.) If you visit Vegas, you have to take a stroll in here, HAVE to.
3	Make sure you get a map and know which building you are staying in. The front desk agent was pressuring to upsell to a better room at $40 and I decline since I was staying alone this time. THough I think the upsell they offer is a bargain compare to booking the same room online.   I stayed in the Forum building and finding you way in the casino is a maze.  the signage in the casino does not show the forum or centurion building and instead shows the newer towers.  The rooms in the Forum building is nice, but the hallway was really old.  Also the room I had on the 12th floor did not have a jacuzzi or deep soaking tub like I did when I stayed in the Centurion building. The room is wide, but something were old like the dirty safe in the bathroom. I forgot to mention my closet was also in the bathroom.   The view from my room was facing the front and flamingo hotel with their huge advertisement for Donny and Marie.  Scary when you wake up in the morning to see them. There is a window with a view of the pool area on the elevator landing.  ALso no laundry bags for my dirty clothes.  The toiletries were OKAy -- I still think theHotel at Mandalay bay have the best hotel room toiletries on the strip. I even bought the home size version on this trip.
3	I recently stayed in the Augustus Tower where the rooms were lovely.  My friend stayed in the Roman Tower where the rooms are in need of a serious renovation.  Casino is too smoky.  Very confusing layout in the casino.  Bellagio's casino has almost a perfumed aroma.  Big negative of Caesar's is that there is no security checking room keys at the elevators.  Much safer at the Bellagio.  Better value at the Bellagio too.  The only reason I'm giving Caesar's 3 stars and not 2 stars is the beautiful room overlooking the Bellagio fountains.
5	Caesar's recently underwent a massive renovation to keep up with the times.. and boy are they ever keeping up!It's absolutely stunning.. from the Forum shops to the Casino and the restaurants. The rooms are about average for Vegas - nothing THAT great. The beauty really lies on the casino floor.
1	This hotel is beautiful (if you don't go into a room).  I try to not write bad reviews but this has to be said...The hotel itself is wonderful, the forum shops are very nice and it has a great appeal because it is smack in the center of the strip. HOWEVER, when we stayed there last Christmas (Dec 2007)  it was less than impressive.  We went there to get away for the holidays.  The hotel didn't have our room ready so we checked our bags in with the bellmen.  No problem we were a bit early.  When we did get our room is was enormous.  Now you are thinking wow that's great.  Well that would be great if they didn't furnish it like it was the size of a closet.  It was so sparsely decorated it was odd. The room was very dated and warn like it seemed the last time someone remodeled it was when Elvis headlined in Vegas.  The bed was NOT comfortable and the linens seemed past their prime.  Ok so let me move on to the bathroom.  In a word....Disgusting. You have a white marble bathroom the least you can do is keep it clean.  The white marble is very dated aswell.   The touch-up painting was done by someone who apparently was painting with their left foot.  The towels were like sandpaper (and white towels should NOT have stains on them!!!! Use your imagination to figure that one out). It was so busy for Christmas and the hotel was actually sold out.  When we were checking in this fiercely dressed woman and her husband were complaining and wanted their room changed. Hmmm...I should have taken a tip. So when they were unable to get their room changed we didn't even bother to ask when we got to our room.  We thought we cold deal with it since we figured we wouldn't spend that much time there.  I know stupid.  So we just went back to Vegas and what do we see?  A new tower being built for Caesars.  Ummm How about fixing what you currently have???
2	Technically, two and a half stars.  It really is a beautiful casino - the problem is that that doesn't necessarily translate in execution.CONS:1.  Very bad time with the front desk getting our room.  First they gave us a smoking room when we specifically told them non-smoking (it was also listed in the reservation).  Took them over three hours - from 10pm at night to 1:30 am before they got us in the right room - this was after numerous calls and going back and forth to the front desk about this.2.  They are not sympathetic at all - their attitude is pretty bad - each time we went back to the front desk they kept saying it would only be 15 mins, then 20 mins, then 30 mins - and each time they kept repeating that they don't guarantee room types only a room reservation.  When you are exhausted from a full work day and have just flown in - all you want is to just settle in your room - not have to wait 3 and 1/2 hours til after midnight to check into your room.   When I escalated my concerns to the manager - even he was very unsympathetic and kept putting it back on us saying they don't guarantee anything.  Jeez.  Horrible customer service. You make the consumer feel bad, thanks a lot.3.  They neglect to mention on their site that only some of the pools are available and that there is ongoing construction.  So instead of getting the peace and quite you would think in the serene Garden of the Gods pools - you get a lot of raucous construction and beeping noises for ambience.  Lovely.  And to think that I specifically chose this hotel just for the pools.  4.  Ceasar's is the only casino that doesn't have clear marked paths for children to stay on when going through the casino - they seem to purposely make you go out of your way to wander every which way until you get to your destination.   If I were an auditor with the gaming commission, I would certainly look into this and ding them for it - it doesn't help with keeping the under 21 off the gambling areas.PROS:1.  To be fair - I think because they could see I wouldn't stop complaining until someone did something, they did credit me a $50 food and beverage credit - although, we realized the very next morning that was barely a blip - two crepes later and one coffee and that was that for the food credit! Not even enough for a $2.50 banana or a $3.50 small water.2.  Beautiful casino and forum shops - especially with the recent renovation, it certainly impresses.3.  Room was very nice if on the small side - even for the Palace Tower - which is one of the nicer towers.  I don't know why - but when we mistakenly got placed into a smoking room - the room was much much bigger than the non-smoking.   NEUTRAL:EVERYTHING is way way overpriced - like I said $3.50 for a small water.  But then again that's what every other hotel would charge anyway.Would I come back?  Nah.  Overriding everything is the horrid customer service leaving a bad taste in your mouth.   There are other hotels you can spend your hard earned money on with the exact same amenities or even better.
4	I've stayed here before and I really like Caesar's, but they tend to be expensive, so I only stay here if I'm in a large group.  This last time I gambled here and had a great time.  Too bad I got so drunk I really don't even remember how I lost all my money.  But it was all in good fun!  I'd definitely come here again!
1	This review is strictly a review of CP LAGO "BUFFET"PASS!!!!Although beautiful from the outside, Caesars just isn't that great inside. The buffet was a big let-down and it cost 26.00 for dinner...when you can see the entire buffet in one glance, thats just ridiculous!!! Our waiter looked like a washed up sailor. I asked him what kind of sodas they had, he then asked me what I wanted and told me no several times before giving me 3 options, on top of that he totally sprayed my face with his saliva while he spoke to me. Then when we came back with our plates...he brought each of us 2 sodas...I am assuming this is so that he has to do LESS work? 6 sodas on one table looks kind of ridiculous. I have never had a waiter do that to me ever. Super Lame. Do not come here for their buffet.
1	This is based on the Buffet aloneDon't let the extravagance and massive size of Caesar's Palacedistract you from how freaking horrible their buffet was.I'm not sure if this rule works but when you go to a buffet for dinner inLas Vegas and no one is in line for it, I'm thinking it is a first warning.The eating area looks nice enough, but when you see the spreadit is just awful, at no point should you pay $25+ for a buffetand you're able to be at one end of the buffet and you can see the otherend of it, the buffet was THAT short. It was just unimpressive.I don't know about you, but when I go to a buffet, i like SELECTION.Thank goodness they had snow crab legs because if they hadn'ti would've FLIPPED, so of course i tried to get my meal's worth.The food in general was just unappetizing for my eyes and my stomach.Avoid the buffet at all costs.
3	Although Ceasar's struggles with many of the typical problems I have with big casinos on the strip(old people, screaming children, temperature control issues), it was overall better than I had initially expected.  Our room had just been remodeled, and was pretty nice.  Not dingy at all.  Also, we had a TV in the bathroom mirror which was really convenient while we were there on November 3rd, trying to keep up with the presidential election as much as possible while we were partying in Vegas.  A couple of issues, however.  Apparently, the entire Forum Tower was experiencing some sort of engineering difficulty, and there was a loud noise coming from our door lock throughout the entire stay.  The actual noise it was making is hard to explain; but it was loud enough to wake me up every 15 minutes during the night when it occured.  However, they did comp us the bottle of 2003 Clos du Val Cabernet Sauvignon that was in the mini bar after I called and complained about the mechanical noise.Another issue:  there is a lack of hotel security in the late hours of the night/early hours of the morning.  I was walking back to my room alone after leaving my boyfriend to play at one of the blackjack tables for a bit longer, and some sleaze followed me back to the elevators, cornered me and propositioned me like a prostitute, telling me to "name my price".  As I frantically looked around for someone, ANYONE, to help me, there was no hotel employees around to assist me, and thank god he didn't follow me into the elevator after I scurried away.  I mean, I acknowledge that sometimes I dress provocatively, but not this time. This guy was just completely out of line, and there was no security guard in the elevator area making sure outsiders couldn't wander up into the hotel or assault the guests.But, other than that, Caesar's wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.  The Forum Shops cant be beat; having Vegas's best shopping right at your fingertips was awesome(and bad at the same time).  And, the Elton John show was outstanding!  Definitely check The Red Piano show out.
1	When you walk the Forum Shops of Cesars Palace, you always think that the hotel has got to be absolutely amazing.  I mean, what else would be standing right beside the Bellagio?  Don't let the headless statues and blue-dimmed lighting fool you from the paved walkway outside.  Just like Caesar himself, this place is just bad.  All this construction and new buildings being constructed, but all the while everything else stays the lamely the same.And like some sick joke, Caesar retaliates by stabbing everyone in the back with its $25 priced failure of a buffet.  AT ALL COSTS- DO NOT EAT AT THE BUFFET AT CAESARS PALACE.  You pretty much feel down right depressed when you can see the whole buffet without even turning your head.  If you ever wondered what it was like to eat at someone else's high school where you just knew the students would wait in depressing lines for less than appetizing looking food, Caesars Buffet is the place to go.Ohhh- and don't get me started on the service...
2	We visited here to see the Seinfeld on tour bus. They were giving away lot sof seinfeld colectibles and t-shirts and the bus was an exhibit of memorabilia with Monk's Diner serving Non-fat Yogurt and other free snacks like junior mints,twix and black & white cookies. The event itself was very dead and somehwat hidden. The parking was the worst, you had to park out back on the 5th level and then take the elevator to the casino which was impossible to navigate to the front so we ended up back outside & having to walk to the front with no sidewalks on either side of the road. We did however enjoy the aquarium at the Forum Shops they had a diver in the tank and you got to see the fish even more close-up.
4	Now this is a resort.  Hotel.  Casino.  Mall.  Heck, it's everything.  Without sound, of course, because for whatever reason, no one has sound any more.  I don't get that, but it's not just Caesar's - it's all of Vegas.  But you can't really blame that on them.This property is monstrous, and they appear to be building another tower to boot.  This place just goes on and on, and they were also the leader, with the Forum Shops.  Make sure you hang out long enough to check out the ceiling, which changes color to make you feel like you've spent the entire day there.  Wait a minute - you did!
3	Caesar's is a nicely-themed property and stylish.  In my opinion, however, it is poorly laid out and difficult to navigate through.  The casino area is enormous, with lots of nooks and dead-ends.  I seriously think you could get lost in there for days.  Plus there's no easy pedestrian access from the sidewalk along the strip.  You have to wander through statuary, fountains, different levels of flooring, and down winding routes.  Once inside, you can eventually find your way to the Forum Shops, which creates another whole problem............finding your way back outside.They do make some stout drinks that the cocktail waitresses will quickly deliver if you tip appropriately (but only if you're playing.........not if you're "pretending" to be playing).A nice place to visit for awhile, but too much going on for me to get comfortable there.
4	My hubby and I celebrated my 27th birthday in what I considered "style".  I'm a bit high maintenance at times when it comes to hotels and if we were going to do Vegas, I wanted to do it on the strip, in a perfect location in an upscale hotel.We took a cab from the airport and headed down the strip to the hotel...little did I know it took up like four city blocks! I was THRILLED.  I've always had a thing for Greece and Italy, so this hotel seemed fitting.  I was in awe ...considering this was my first trip! :) Upon arriving, I took photos of everything from the lobby to the casino...I thought it was gorgeous...was it crowded, yes!  Was it overdramatic, of course! Was it Vegas?  DEFINITELY! We pulled the "$20 Trick" by placing a $20 under our CC (thanks Sarah G.!!) and telling her about my birthday.  She upgraded us from a standard room to a junior suite with a Jacuzzi.  It had ZERO view, but I loooove Jacuzzi bathtubs, so the view was pointless. :) I was thrilled!!What I was not perfectly thrilled with was the kids...they were freakin' EVERYWHERE...and there is a Pussy Cats Doll bar in the middle of the hotel that boasts girls dancing in cages OUTSIDE the door, so...hope your 5 year old enjoyed that show!The casino was a bit out of our price range, so we opted to gamble in other hotels, but I really loved our room, the service was good.  There were tons of nightclub options all within walking distance INSIDE the hotel (which I thought was great) and plenty of entertainment without stepping foot into the 100 degree weather!  I won't stay here again, only b/c it was SO expensive and we didn't really spend enough time in our room to justify it, but it was a great experience and I would recommend it if you don't mind shelling out the dough but be sure, you LOVE big hotels b/c you can get lost up in this joint!
2	Yeah... we are getting closer.  Just a little bit closer to the garrish glitz of an older school vegas.... trashier.  More gaudy.  Just way too much shopping and overprice nonsense.  The one time I stayed there, the steakhouse I ate in was ferociously bad.  And pricey.  Not like, "I am normally cheap and whew that was expensive", but "I am going to hunt these people down and make them pay eff you" type of aggro way.  Not really... it's hyperbole.  I have been saying that a lot lately.  Whatever, I am leading you down the path from Caeser's to my mind and we don't want to go there, do we?It isn't a casino / hotel that I would ever go into again.  Hearing myself say that.... well.... wow.  I shouldn't be talking to myself.Whatever the case, I gotta knock that to two.
3	mmmmmmmmm meh. caesar's is alright. we got a free upgrade so we stayed in the palace towers. it was alright... bigger than the roman towers..and a little nicer. after staying at the palazzo, this is definitely a downgrade. its still a nice hotel. casino's alright...actually i didnt gamble much here.  wish they had $10 blackjack tables. their min is $15. so we went elsewhere. its nice that its connected to the forum shops......bbbuuuuutt, i think i'll stay somewhere else next time. this place didn't impress me too much. but its cheap .. so it'll do if you're tryin to save $.
4	Considering that the whole reason my friends and I stayed here was that hotels.com spat it out as providing the best deal on short notice, I thought Caesar's was great.  Let's be real, it isn't the Palazzo, and you can definitely tell it's an older hotel, but it's still nice.  Our room was basic, with comfy beds, plenty of space, and a view of the awesome pool.  It's a nice place to stay when the hotel isn't the centerpiece of your Vegas experience.  There's plenty to do in and around the hotel.  Shopping is sweet, and there's plenty of it.  The pool is fantastic and there are lots of good restaurants.  I'm also partial to the casino, but this isn't really useful, as I've never met a casino I wasn't partial to.  Overall, highly recommended if you're not looking for a total VIP experience.
4	This review is for the hotel only.I've stayed on various properties along the strip and this has been my favorite for a few very important reasons: Decor, cost, and location. Location: Mandalay bay, Palazzo, and the Wynn are too far -- Since you don't spend a lot of time in your room anyway (and you shouldn't), it's really nice being in the middle of the strip and close to every major attraction. The forum shops attached to Caesars is one of my favorite places to shop! What a winner!Decor: There's a cheesy roman theme here, but it's now gaudy like the Monte Carlo and the rooms are actually very nice. It's an interesting place to be, and definitely one of the newer hotels. More importantly, it's also very clean.Price: This is the kicker for me. You have your standard marbled sinks, heated floors, and jacuzzi tubs in a basic room. Anything else around the Caesars Palace price range does not get you anything better.
3	My family and I stayed here awhile ago.  The only thing I vaguely remember is that the room was pretty small and dark which was uncomfortable.  Afterward, we found out they had given us one of the lower-end rooms :(The Forum Shops and the V.I.P. room are the best things at Caesar's Palace.  The shops go on and on, never-ending. I once saw Beyonce and Jay-Z coming out of one of the restaurants, so I followed them all the way to valet. Yes, I'm a creep. The V.I.P.lounge and gambling room is amazing because there's basically a complimentary AYCE buffet inside. I love me some free food!
3	This is only for the casino/shops.You will find other, better places to gamble and find a bite. Casino? Well, my Blazing 7's machine must have been on one hell of a cold streak. Placing $100 in a $1 machine, I played the max bet and was out of money within several minutes. I probably had 35 spins, 33 of which were losing. I guess Strip gambling really is worse than the local joints.Shopping? Sure, the Forum Shops are dazzling and numerous, but you have to be made of money to purchase anything. As it is on the Strip, of course everything is jacked up. $11 for a fruit cup and water in the food court? Sorry.  Rumor had it that Pete Rose was signing autographs...for $$$.  It's only fitting to see a former hardcore gambler sign his name in Las Vegas for compensation. We'll see what the rooms are like next time.
3	It's Caesars and it is 2009 now, no Frank isn't going to come around the corner, well at least the real one, LOL. It is a great location to stay so you can't go wrong there. The European pool is small and if you're with someone worth being watched look up above at the convention level windows! CP is a pretty wild place. Have stayed there a number of times over the years, best room actually had a view of The Fountains at Bellagio! Rooms are OK, will be interesting to see what the new space brings. The casino is OK, pretty good visuals (people watching), WATCH OUT FOR THE RASCALS!!!!!! The fun part is the entire complex and seeing how lost you can get. The shopping area is a hoot, what a collection of retailers. Say hi to Steve Garvey at the Collectors store, ask him how CINDY is doing!
3	I've been to Vegas MANY times but have never had a chance to stay at CP. Other than the Forum Shops, the hotel is pretty decent.  The room we stayed in was VERY spacious, however the room was a bit outdated....  Not as modern as some of the other hotels.   One of the biggest downfalls about staying at Caesars is that there is only one way for cars/taxis to get in and out of the hotel. We waited over an hour in the taxi line because once the traffic light turned green, only 3-5 taxis were able to get through. And that was every 5 minutes....do the math and you're in for a long wait.
3	We stayed here for three nights over New Years, last week. Stayed in the Palace Tower, I did that with the (mis) understanding that it was close to the Qua spa, (turns out they had moved it to the Augustus Tower). Got it through hotels.com so may have been their error. The room was very spacious, nice bathroom with jacuzzi tub, bed was very comfortable and it was quiet. The day after New Years there was a faint odor of cigarette smoke (coming from another room?), in our nonsmoking room and the smell of vomit in the elevator we had to use. Fortunately they had taken care of it by the afternoon. The housekeeping was less than stellar. I turned up the sofa cushion and it was full of crumbs, yuck. You just don't want to see evidence of others in your room before you! The shops are wonderful, every high end designer under the sun has a shop there in the Forum shopping area. The spa was awesome (will review that separately). The location was great too. I won't go again on New Years, just too crazy and crowded.
5	CP is easily the most popular casino on the strip.  What really makes CP stand out is its mall- The Forum. This has to be the nicest mall I have ever been too. Sure, most of the shops are high-end and it would take a few 10 shot Mai-Tais to get me to actually buy anything, but its fun to just walk through the mall and enjoy the sights.
3	The alarm clock in the room was falling apart. They told us at the counter they bumped us up into a nicer tower, but based on my review-hunting, that was a lie. But i'm a bit of a push over so we let it slide (also JUST in case my research was off)The hotel itself is elegant but outdated. Once you take trips into other neighboring hotels (Venetian, Bellagio, etc), you'll see what I mean.However on the plus side, if you are staying in Caesars you get into Pure VIP style. So that was a bonus.Wouldn't stay here again.
3	The hotel is right in the middle of the strip, spacious rooms w/flat screens, tv and phone in the bathroom, a sex shower, view of the Bellagio water show, a comfy couch, 2 desks and sleeps 4 comfortably.  No free Internet, no tables under $10, 98% of the forum shops are unaffordable unless you're a gagillionaire and the most ridiculous thing - the gym was $25/pp/day (unless you're a diamond member).  Even if you are in the diamond club, no guest!  Lame!I had a great time and had no real complaints, but then again, it was free. (wheeee!)
3	Nice hotel, but too big! Seriously.. The hotel, casino and shopping area's are so huge. It took me at least 2 days to figure out my way around. Don't forget something in your room cause you'll end up having to walk a mile back to your room. I got lost a few times. The hotel is beautiful and the room was awesome. The bath tub kept me busy for hours! It was huge and had jets in it and was the most amazing thing ever! For the bath tub I'd stay again, but other then for that reason I'd pick a different hotel next time.
2	Since the mall has it's own entry, I'll just detail the casino.  Simply, it's a letdown. I've been to Atlantic City and this casino was closer to A.C. than Vegas.  They had a paltry selection of tables and more elderly on Little Rascals than in any other casino I visited.  The casino feels cramped and the restaurants seem to be crammed onto the floor...Mesa Grill deserves a far better space than the corner of Caesar's.  That being said, the Sports Book was decent with a great crowd for the NFL playoffs.  Regardless, with so many options in such a close proximity, don't waste too much time at Caesar's.
3	Hotel-only review...Stayed here for a bachelorette/bachelor weekend with my husband. Booked our stay through Southwest Vacations which included the Classic room. Fellow Yelpers suggested the old $20 bill under the credit card trick to get an upgrade.We went ahead and asked for an upgrade. The clerk agreed. We slid the $20 but she graciously refused the tip... and now we know why.Room was supposedly an upgrade which has to be hotel-speak for a higher floor. But even then it was on the 15th floor with a view of the parking lot below. Nothing special about the room at all.Overall, everything was clean and in working order.BEWARE of the fridge. If you remove an item to have a closer look they will charge you. The fridge is weight sensitive. Don't end up paying $10 for a Red Bull just because you were checking out the place.
4	all i can say is free upgrade to a deluxe room in the palace tower at $60 per night! vegas must really be struggling if they've giving rooms away at this rate! I guess it all evens out since I made my contributions downstairs over several nights. this place was buzzing this past week (during the nahb conference), great overall service, i loved the airport limo service. don't worry, i'm not the high roller in the group, its someone else.
5	You can tell that this is one of the older hotels but it is still really nice.  My eyes must have been huge the whole time.  Its so extravagant!  There is this place in the middle of the forum shops that every hour the very large statues start to move and talk to each other and its fuckin bad asssss!!!!But the buffet in Caesars sucks ass!!!
4	Only place where there was ribs in their buffet.We drove and called up other places in vegas but the only place was Caesars Palace. Thanks CP. Ribs were good and there wasnt a huge line to them either especially in Vegas.
4	First, let's start with the poker room, pretty much my first destination on arrival.My first impression was, "chilly". I mean that literally, you need to wear pants and a light sweater to be comfortable in here.I just play tournament poker, so I'll give my impressions of the two $65 + 5 add-on games I played in.  The add-on is only 500 chips on top of a stack of 2,000.  Blind levels every 30 minutes offer little time to play solid poker and forces more aggressive play very early.  Not my style, unfortunately.The drink service is pretty quick, I'd have to say.  There's a food service available too, and one a.m. massages at the table.  Not bad, though I've always hated card players on T.V. getting massages during the World Series.We enjoyed a show in the Coliseum and wowza, what a theatre, and Bette Midler, what a gal.  She's still got it.
4	I visited Caesars right before the holidays.  Even for a Monday it was pretty slow--the sour economy had definitely taken a toll on Las Vegas.  On the upside, if you were in town and had some money to gamble with, there were lots of open seats at the blackjack tables and plenty of elbow room at craps.HOTEL: I stayed in the Augustus Tower.  The room isn't super-extravagant by any means but it's spacious and includes a desk, a small table, a couch, and a flat-panel TV.  It also had a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  The bathroom is very nice--spacious with marble floors, a jacuzzi tub, a glass-doored shower, and a little room for the toilet.  Nothing remarkable about the other room amenities.  I've never been to the gym or spa, but I hear they are incredible--much better than Wynn and even better than the Bellagio.  On the downside, my bed mattress felt a little cheap and uneven, which was a disappointment as I've stayed in the Augustus Tower several times in the past and this was the first time I've had that problem.CASINO: This is why you come to Vegas, right?  Caesars has just about every game you could want.  (I don't think they have Casino War, but you shouldn't be playing that anyway.)  The gaming floor is pretty spacious and clean.  The Sports Book is huge and is a good place to watch a game even if you can't get a one of the nice seats.  One disappointment was that it looks like all the relatively more favorable payouts are gone: 9-6 Jacks or Better video poker is replaced with 8-5 or worse!  Also, I couldn't find a blackjack table with the dealer staying on soft 17 (though I didn't check the few tables in the baccarat room).  The Poker Room looks pretty good, and they even have a rather large set-off area for tournaments.  In terms of cash games, though, there never seems to be enough of a crowd.  For baccarat, the tables are well-spaced though almost all of the tables are lacking the new computer screens (which, of course, prevents those great "Push the button!" moments).  I thought that the dealers were quite friendly.  The little lounge for baccarat players is decent.  A couple of years ago, they had these addictive little gummy candies, but, alas, they are no more.  You'll have to head to your local Chinese grocer.RESTAURANTS, ETC.: A lot of the restaurants deserve their own review, but here's the overview.  Generally, I think Caesars offers a very nice selection of places to eat, and that's not even including what you find in the Forum Shops.  I wouldn't characterize any restaurant as mind-blowing, though.  True, the buffet (Cafe Lago) is less impressive than many other casinos on the strip, but the food is alright.  Augustus Cafe is pretty standard.  Beijing Noodle No. 9 was just opening when I visited, but, at least architecturally, it looks like an exciting place.  Hyakumi is pretty standard sushi fare.  I was a little disappointed with Mesa Grill given Bobby Flay's celebrity, and I suppose the same goes with Guy Savoy.  (Note, however, Guy Savoy has the most amazing bacon bread I've ever tasted.  This, indeed, was mind-blowing.)  Neros is pretty standard.  Rao's is pretty decent Italian fare, though I was shocked how empty the place was in December.  I've never been to Sea Harbour, but when that same space was Empress Court, I thought it was very good.  PURE deserves a special mention.  I haven't been there since October 2006, but the place is great, albeit expensive (in the range of $2,500 for a table for five, a bottle of Dom, a couple bottles of Grey Goose, and generous tips to our smoking hot server and a very helpful bouncer.)  If you're willing to spend a decent amount of money to get a table, I think it's worth it, if only not to stand in those ridiculously long lines.COMPARABLES: Overall, Caesars is not quite as good as Wynn, but just better than Aladdin (which has been replaced with Planet Hollywood).
4	This review is for the Diamond Club, where high rollers can get unlimited food and drinks after losing thousands at the blackjack tables.  It's worth it, right?The best thing about this place is that as long as one person in your party is a member, your whole group will get in.  The boyfriend and I tagged along with my uncle and aunt and ate our weight in pesto bread and chocolate mousse.The shot glasses filled with mystery dessert were awesome!
3	We stayed here to see the Elton John show last year.  On a previous trip we also explored the shopping mall.  I'm not into gambling and I'm too old to try to get into Pure so I can't say much about those.I made our reservations for the hotel and Elton John over the I-net.  Upon arrival they put us in a room of a less nice type than what I reserved.  Fortunately I noticed that at the desk and complained about  it so they put us in a better room.  When I got up there they had a huge basket made of chocolate and filled with chocolate waiting in the room, with "Welcome (someone else's name)" on it, apparently thinking someone else was going to stay in the room.  We waited around for about 8 hours to see if they'd come get it .  Nobody showed up to get it so we ate it.  It was yummy.   I suppose I could have called them to come take it away but after they almost stiffed us on the room reservation I didn't feel like it. Elton John's show was pretty cool.  We ate elsewhere (at the Eiffel Tower and Stratosphere) so mostly we were there for the show and the shopping mall.  The bathroom was really, really nice with a big sunken tub.  I didn't have any complaints with the room, however there are so many cool places to stay in Vegas I'd probably check out another one on the next trip just to see as many as possible.
3	One Word: Overrated
4	Stayed here for 5 nights in Feb - it was a good stay.  We were upgraded at check-in to a suite in the Palace Towers.  Single LCD TV, jacuzzi tub, 2 bathrooms with 2 toilets and a large two-person shower... awesome.The Palace Tower is nice, although if you can get a suite in the Augustus Tower, that would be nicer for the views.  Our suite was looking at the new Octavius Tower that's almost done... surprisingly, there's not much construction noise.Pros:- Nice upgrade and suite - Great central location on the strip- Love the Forum shops- It's classic Caesars... yes the Wynn and the Palazzo are swankier, but there's something nice about the history here.Cons:- They charge for everything... wish they would provide free internet- The fridge is filled with their items on sensor - we moved stuff aroudn for our own items and had to get the bill adjusted at the end- Pools currently closed for renos - I suspect it'll be nice when they're doneI enjoyed it and was glad we got the upgrade after reading horror stories about the standard rooms.  Would come back again.
5	Me and my buddy came here on New years Eve. Lets say you have about two hundred bucks in your pocket. Your buddy does as well. You live in California too. You feel spontanious and decide to go to Vegas. Well here is what to do. Fill up the tank. Also bring a bag of nice clothes. Then make sure once you get to Vegas fill up the gas tank again. Then go to the top floor of Caesars palace parking lot and park the ride. You could change in the parking lot if you want or you could go to a local 24 hour fitness if you have a membership and change there. Then once your there you can club hop, gamble , eat , play cards, hook up. But, be careful there are alot of hotties who are really hookers. You could waste your time thinking your gaming when really it is just a hooker. They happen to be drop dead gorgeous too. So I would talk to the girls with slight flaws. The ones that look perfect are probably hookers. Easy way to spot them is if they happen to be talking to an old dude with money. Drinks alone can cost you 100 bucks for the whole night per person. Save like twenty to thirty to get into the club that seems to be popping the most. The clubs in Vegas are far nicer than Californias. Also far more expensive. But, the good times are rolling all around the place. Obviously if you have never been to Vegas you have to go at least once in your life. Oops I almost forgot if you really are low on cash you could drive to the rest stop on the way back and sleep.
3	Beautiful and ClassyJuly 08' ---Second time in Vegas  - of course you want to try a different hotel that could be better than your last  and we thought of Caesar's. Pretty bossy..cause it's  close to everything! Love the theme and love love love the pool and the drinks at the pool. :) I barely got to see the shops because we spent most of day time at the pool lol.The buffet we ate at was not bad. We stayed in the Augustus Tower Deluxe Room. It had great deco and the beds were comfy. However ...our service wasn't so grand. Our room wasn't ready until an hour and a half after we checked in! So we had to wait. gay right?!? They had a convenience store with just food and drinks and mags- nothing else and it was super small.. their souvenirs were wack. (Didn't have many to choose from and they were ugly) Also one of the nights we ordered room service and the chicken was pink on the inside.. grr... so 3 stars for you..It sucks to know that others probably had good service here. Planning on going this summer.. any suggestions on where to stay?
4	If you had to ask me where to stay in Vegas - Caesars Palace - I would pick this over Venetican!
3	This place is pretty cool. I only went there to grab a snack before catching dinner at the Bellagio but the atmosphere is a bit better here than other Vegas hotels. At least it wasn't over the top cheese like Paris, Excalibur, or others.
4	My wife and I just got back from Vegas, we stayed there March 4-7th. We ended up getting to the hotel to check in around 430pm and we only waited around 10-15min. The front desk person tried to up sell us a different room and we declined because my dad purchased this room for us and we didn't want to pay extra money. We stayed in the Roman Tower and when we got to the room, we had mirrors on the ceiling and a hot tub in the bedroom. Oh and you can see in the bathroom from the bedroom, because one of the walls is glass (nice touch) Our view from the room was of the pool that had constuction but we could see the sunset and a good view of the Palms (which is where we will stay next time) and the Rio. When we got to the room it was clean and we had no issues. I lived in Vegas for almost 2 years and I still got lost in this hotel. I started to figure it out only one day in but still. This place is huge. The only things we played at Caesar's was penny/nickel slots. We went across the street to O'Shea's to play table games since it was cheaper. We didn't eat anywhere in this hotel so I cant say anything about that but over all it was a nice room and the people working their were kind. Don't even think about checking out at the front desk on a fri-sun, for its WAY to busy. We carried all our stuff downstairs and then saw the line at the front desk and I wold have been in line for like an hour. So we went back to the room...checked our balance and checked out through the TV...much easier. If you have any questions you can always ask me. I am a travel agent so I will give you all the info I have. Peace Out,MZ
4	Woah. This place impresses the not-easily-impressed, i.e. me. It's just beautiful. Over the top? Sure. Gaudy? A little. But the white marble, the HUGE ceilings, the roman statuaries...it's just pretty damn cool. The sports book is not a room...it's a cavern. A large, huskily-lit cavern which makes you feel small, like a wonder-filled tot. The many small bars which dot the landscape are bulwarks of cool, little islands of fashionable nonchalance in a sea of decandent frivolity. I want to come back to Vegas, and I want to stay here.
3	Caesar's Palace is nice.  The atmoshpere is pretty.  There's a beautiful large fountain in the middle of the check-in area.  We had a nice room, if I remember correctly.  The staff was just so-so.  They're kind of going through motions.  The best part of the Palace is the awesome mall down the street that's about three stories high.  It's hardly the best hotel on the strip but it's decent.
4	I love staying here, especially at the suites. I love the theme, but hate the smoking environment.. ahhh! They messed up once by checking us into an occupied room and we ended up getting upgraded to a beautiful suite, as well as a free certificate of $100 to spend in their hotel. Not to mention, the several knocks on the door, dropping off gifts. They seem to treat their diamond members very nicely. Probably my fave hotel in Vegas.
4	Beautiful. Stayed here on an overnite trip and found it hard to leave! The service from check in to check out, and everything inbetween was flawless.  The propety itself is enormous and easily to get lost.  There's great places to eat here, though we didn't. Had to go back to Piero's. But they have a bar called the Galleria or something. The mixed drinks seemed a bit lite on the vodka, but service from Frank the bartendar was good. He was attentive n friendly.  I do recommend this hotel for anyone looking for an amazing visit.
3	I was really excited about staying here as I never have, but have always admired it as I walked through on my other visits.  We booked a room in the Augustus tower, which is the newest one.  Upon check-in, they wanted to place us in another tower.  Luckily my boyfriend was able to prove that we requested this specific tower, and the guy relented.  My parents were not so lucky as the booked their room through Expedia, and not through the hotel, thus the very mean person behind the counter told them point black that if they couldn't prove it that it was up to Caesar's discretion to put them wherever the hotel saw fit.  Umm yeah, I think you might lose a few points on customer service on that one.So, my boyfriend and I go off to our room, and it was very nice with an incredible view of the Bellagio water show and the strip.  The room was clean and everything was comfortable.  We got a good price for the room, so there is no complaint there.  And maybe I built it up to something it was not, but other than the view, there wasn't much to write home about.  It is not the Wynn, not even close, but then again not many hotels hold a candle to the Wynn.  But if I go back, and do not have the cash to stay at Wynn or Encore, I am going back to the tride and true favorite of the MGM for the convenience of all the restaurants and the tram there.
3	We get free rooms here so it is hard to complain...But when I was there last weekend, there was a big mess with my room situation. First, they gave me a one bedroom, when I need a 2 bedroom because I have 3 guests.  They told me I could switch rooms the 2nd night, but what a hassle! So we get up to our ONE bedroom hotel room and these people walk up behind us and are like "Um... are you tring to get into this room?  Because this is our room and all of our stuff is in here already."  It locked the poor couple out of their room and we had to go back to the front desk and get the room situation handled again!  It took over an hour and a half to get checked in to a room.This hotel would not be my top choice if I did not get comps here.
4	I stayed here with my best girlfriend and her husband. The place is really pretty, super gay...I mean Cher, Elton John and Bette Midler were playing here. ha ha ha  LOVE ITAfter a few cocktailsI was so turned around I wasnt sure I would ever find my way out, but I guess that is the point. The "shows" they have of the statues freak me out, maybe I was to drunk. The pool is under construction, so make sure and check on that before you make a reservation.
4	I really like this casino because of its features. For one, I really like the ambiance of Pure. I've always had a good experience every time I go to this club. I have yet to try Poetry, and this past Thursday I missed out on seeing that hottie Keri Hilson. The things I would do to that woman... you know like take her on a date and tell her how gorgeous she's looking and that I enjoy her company. Yeah thats the life.Anyway, another reason I like Caesar's is the Forum Shops. I'm not that big on gambling, but when you're bored waiting for others to meet up with you, the shops are a way to kill time. I know its mostly high end stuff, but its nice to see stores like Express, Gap, the Apple Store, and my personal favorite: Niketown. I can always count on Niketown to have something that catches my eye, yet I have to resist and save my money. Reason #3: Fat Tuesday, which is next to Express and Niketown. Treat yourself to a Magnum 44 with a triple shot of Everclear and proceed. Reason #4: the Forum shops have a Bank of America ATM located in one of the hallways. If you're a BofA customer and you're trying to avoid withdrawing from a 3rd-party ATM, this has to be great news to you. Reason #5: Watching the Roman soldiers-in-costume chase people and eventually take pictures with them. Yessuh. Reason #6: Cleopatra's Barge, the floating lounge with complimentary snacks and cougars galore. Reason #7: The moving statues show. Way better than that living garden BS at the Palazzo. Reason #8: F.A.O. Schwartz and the giant piano you step on to play it. It's even more fun when you're plastered. OK, I ran out of reasons. What I don't enjoy is how much of a pain it is to get to self parking. Trying to get here is one of the reasons I try to avoid driving along the Strip as much as possible. I also don't like that the tables usually have $10-$15 minimum bets. I know its Caesar's and all, but if you're a gambler on a budget, it would be nice to have. If you like Elton John, Bette Midler, and Cher, you might like it here too. I'll update my review when I get around to staying here for a night or two, but for now, Caesar's is pretty solid.
4	Stayed here for 2 nights for a convention. Room was really clean and the staff here was attentive. I got this room comped in the Augustus tower and it was pretty nice. The room I was in had a view of the Bellagio and the lake in front so you could see the water show, but I've been to Vegas so much that I literally looked out the window for a total of 5 seconds my whole stay here. When I usually go to Vegas it is for gambling, eating, bachelor party, eating and some more gambling and eating. The reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because I got killed playing blackjack. :(
3	This review is really for the food court. Particularly..... "Ah So" the asian cuisine..... I didn't look for this place and I'm not making the name up, but I was a little upset at the name, not to say I didn't try it, but still!The prices here in this food court of non commercial eateries is fairly expensive, but somewhat satisfying. The menu's are small but the different places remind me of the buffet at the Planet Hollywood (Spice Market).The bowl of udon cost me 9.95 and it was pretty good. The best part was the soy sauce packets, heck with red and yellow packets, or white with red packets.....these are fish! Like they're little fish where you unscrew their mouths and squeeze them and they barf out soy sauce, I mean if I was full of soy I'd barf too...But if you're in the area, across from Bette Midler, and hungry for some sterotypes and people watching, enjoy a bite at the food court of the Caesars... don't forget to get your cigar at Casa Fuente afterwards!
4	3.75 stars.Among the casinos on the Strip, Caesars is a sprawling behemoth. Filled with shops, absurd statues, and smoke, Caesars offers everything from working girls, dazzling beauties, and Cher to obese couples dressed in matching tee shirts covered with images of dollar bills. The sprawling space has surprisingly few tables, though, even on Friday nights. Very few options for grabbing a quick bite, but the conference rooms and services are excellent. The rooms are minimalist and spacious, with tubs and showers for couples in most rooms, king beds with goose down blankets and pillows, and velvet couches. Comfortable, but not luxurious.
4	i've always wanted to splurge & stay here.  old school, themed, strip casino. classy. very nice casino.  high-end mall w/a cheesecake factory chain restaurant. compliments the hella-classy  neighboring bellagio w/a linking walkway.  worth a look if you haven't visited. i enjoy their table games.
1	Friend and I went here to play around for the evening. Primary objective: drinkWe arrive and find the Seahorse Bar.  We go to the counter to order our first drink.  Johnny takes our order, takes an order from a waitress, then proceeds to knock a beer over in our direction spraying all over me and my friend.  No apology, not even an offer for a napkin.  So I reach for a napkin and the bartender tells me not to worry about the mess, that he will clean it up.  I informed him that he had spilled on us and he still didn't acknowledge this!  He just made our drinks, charged us full price and went on with his day.Overall I have always enjoyed Caesars but this time they failed me big time.
5	Yeah I love this Casino, we love the sportsbook and their large big screen tv's to watch sports.  We tend to be winners here for the most part. Plus they got the Mesa Grill restaurant. We ate at their buffet which was okay, the deserts were super good yum yum.  Anyways we went here when David Copperfield was in town and the show was great.  Anyways we like going to see Pete Rose and got our picture taken with him.  We like their forum shops and the architecture was nice. We never stayed there, but if we did definitely go to the pool and looked nice.  Anyways really cool and fun.
4	Stayed in the Forum Tower during Memorial Day weekend.  The room was very modern and clean...loved the LCD TV that was embedded in the bathroom mirror.  The bathroom was definitely one of the bigger ones that I've seen.  The shower had dual showerheads which was pretty cool too.Great rooms + friendly staff + located in the middle of the Strip = awesomeness!Only complaint is that Caesars is really huge so it's easy to get lost in it...it took us forever to find the Forum Tower our first night there.  Overall, fantastic place to stay at.
5	I have never stayed here, but I have spent so much time in the place that I feel like I have. I love their Poker Room, shops, casino, and selection of restaurants. The staff has always been friendly and courteous. As with all Casinos I do wish they had more wheelchair accessible gaming tables. My last visit to Vegas was for Vegas Uncorked 2009 where I attended two events at Caesar's during my stay. The first was a Dinner at Restaurant Guy Savoy(Reviewed separately), and The Grand Tasting which was held at the Caesar's Pool. This was an amazing opportunity to taste food, wine and spirits from over 40 different restaurants and purveyors. The pool was an outstanding venue, except for the fact that they placed the most popular booths (Bobby Flay, Mario Batali, Guy Savoy, Emeril, Joel Robuchon etc.) together, causing a horrible bottleneck. My Vegas philosophy is, "Stay where I get the best deal, play where I want." I hope that someday the time I spend "playing" here, results in me getting the best deal here!
1	Buffet sucked!!  over priced and yucky food.  They also lied to us repeatedy.  They said a table was unavailable then gave it to the next group. Told us they ran out of crab but continued to serve others.  Mis-billed us several times.  When we pointed out an error on our tab, they returned with a new tab with false drinks.  Clear fraud.
1	Overall this place is very nice. 5 stars for the hotel part. My review is solely based on the crappy food court!! Meh. Well not the whole food court, 2 places in particular. After a night of drinking I was feeling a little hungry, it was a little late, so we decide to go here. I saw Chinese and instantly I was heading there. Well this place, Ah So it's called BLEW!!! Kung pao chicken tasted like kung pao turkey! Gross. I forcefully chewed my food that was going to end up being thrown up anyways :( My boyfriend had their expensive ass pizza at Romaine Course, $7 dollars per slice and lets just say, it wasn't something you find in Chicago. Puke! Never again!
4	Once upon a time on a random Vegas Sunday morning...Cell Phone: *ring *ringJimmy:  *Groggy  * Clears throat   * coughs*  Hello?Cell Phone: Hello Mr Ngo, this is Chase Bank just checking to see if you have your card in possession.Jimmy: Ummm, yeah, why?Cell Phone: We noticed some irregular card activity this past weekend and just want to be sure everything is ok.Jimmy: What do you mean?!Cell Phone: We noticed a withdrawal of $500 from your account followed by another withdrawal of $500 at 3:15 am.Jimmy: Oh, I'm in Vegas.Cell Phone:  I see Mr. Ngo, just know that any significant withdrawal followed by another within 20 minutes will draw a red flag.Jimmy: Oh ok, thanks.Phone: *ring *ringJimmy: Hello?Phone: Hello, this is Bank of America...**********************************************************************************************Now every time I stay @ Caesars, I book for only the Augustus Tower.  Private checkin' and entrance are there for Diamond players.  Beautiful rooms, 550 sqft. standard.  Better in person then in pictures.  Nice comfortable white beds.  Plenty of lighting, unlike several Vegas hotels.  LCDs are Sony... big plus!  Nothing much bad to say about property except for it being so huge.  Staying in other towers is a b*tch to get to.  Not only is it far from the front entrance, it's easy to get lost.  Too many nook and cranny and seperate pathways.  Palace towers is one of the worst to get to.  Stayed in a room there once and almost always forgot how to get to the elevators. Beautiful pool areas... can't say the same of eye candy.  More of the "mature" folks are here.  The only Vegas property that has two separate casino areas.  I don't like how they take commission right away for winning hands at the table games.  Wished high limit area was more secluded.... then again, I would love it more if I won there.Forum Shops, best shopping destination for lovers of designer labels.   Almost every major player has a boutique there... LV, Gucci, Balenciaga, Ferragamo, etc.  Just wished Prada and Dior Homme set up shop there instead of having to jaunt over to Bellagio and Wynn, respectively.    Despite the minor setbacks, it's still one of the best properties.  You can stay here the whole weekend in Vegas and never have to step foot out of the resort.  Believe me... it's happened before!!!
5	I am madly in love with Caesars...I've stayed here twice now and it is magic every time! The good people at CP sent a limo to McCarran airport to pick my ass up...the nice man had a little sign with my name on it....sooo cute....he drove us to CP where he directed us toward the check-in counter and said our bags would be up in 15 minutes... The ladies at the counter were sweet and they tried to accommodate our needs as much as possible. We requested to stay in the Augustus tower since it has a view of the water show at the Bellagio we also asked for connecting rooms which they also made happen for us! The rooms were clean and big and we had a fully stocked bar....but uuummm don't touch or lift anything....I repeat do not lift or touch anything unless your ass wants to pay for it.....yes they have sensors that charge the merchandise to your room if moved. CP is right in the middle of the strip....everything is at your doorstep...the ambiance is amazing...casino is great! There are two pretty happening nightclubs: Pure and Poetry...(I'll Yelp those later)....The spa and salon are both magic (I will Yelp those two as well).... And room service is EXCELLENT!! Esp. at 6 am when you are drunk and stumbling in.....nice to know you can get some hot fries and Gatorade at your door step in a heartbeat! Stay here! Worth the 7.5k tab for 9 of us! (3 night stay, spa and salon services for all of us and room service twice a day......)
3	The rooms here are pretty nice, especially the ones with the jacuzzi tubs.  I hate to be shallow but they need to hire some younger cocktail waitresses.  I totally commend them for keeping their loyal employees around but it's just totally wrong to see a 60-70 year old woman in a skimpy cocktail outfit.  It's even worse when they can't remember what you ordered 10 seconds after u ordered.
4	The hotel is just like any other hotel in Las Vegas. There's way too much crap going on. That's a good thing.The outside looks cool, it totally can't be missed. The interior feels like it really housed Caesar himself, if he loved slot machines and mall stores.The accomodations are what this review is for.The room was clean. But, this was a work-paid-for trip, so the brilliant genius that is the HR lady, booked my room with the most vile and disgusting piece of crap human ever to exist on the face of earth co-worker ever.I can still give the accomodations a fair review.But, dude, this guy is just plain stupid. He's home-schooled. He needs pro-active. He wears the same black shirt and jeans in rotation every week. He has dandruff, so the black shirt doesn't help. And he didn't come to Las Vegas for partying or women. He researched online, the best arcade.The best video game arcade.The best effing video game arcade?!?Now, I would understand if we were still in elementary school and we were on a field trip. Drugs and alcohol would be out of the question. But this guy is old enough to hand his weiner over to a woman in exchange for cash.And guess what kind of video game?Dance Dance Revolution.Needless to say, he found his arcade. And to add to the vile-ness of this guy, he came home after his DDR Dancing and went straight to bed.No shower.If you ever see the people that play Dance Dance Revolution, you'll see that it is, to their defense, pretty active. You'll be sweating. And in Vegas, for sure, you will be perspiring sweat so bad you would need to carry a towel. And he does. But, nope, no shower.Right to bed, no shower, as my other coworkers/friends watch in horror while pouring ourselves pre-drinks before we start our night, his ends.It could have been a horrible experience, but he was awake and out when I was asleep. I was awake and out when he was asleep.The bathroom was immaculate. Knowing that the roomie didn't shower made my experience all the more awesome.And to top it off, there's a TV in viewing distance of the toilet.Taking a dump and watching TV is how sh*t should be done.
1	At first glance, our suite looked great.  And then a few minutes passed and the cheapness started to set in.  The room was stupidly big, with a tacky slick black boardroom table sitting right in the center.  The bar looked like a bad movie prop, and the a/c was worthless.  The beds were extremely uncomfortable and the sheets and pillows were low grade.  As for the bathroom, the shower had absolutely NO flow, and if you've ever been to Las Vegas, then you know that the water is over-treated to begin with, so coupled with the bad shower flow, you can't get ANY soap out of your hair.  We will never stay there again.
2	I came out for the weekend because I've got a players card and the hotel offered me 3 nights free with flight. So I figured what the hell. I checked in and got a Palace tower room with a view of the pool. It seemed like it took forever just to get to the right hotel elevators from the lobby compared to other hotels. The room itself was very spacious however the room it self-showed signs of wear and the bathroom was dated compared to other high end hotels I have stayed in the past. The bed itself was very uncomfortable. I woke up with a stiff neck. At one point the T.V remote stopped working and I needed to call the front desk to have someone come up and change the dead batteries. Also the doors of the rooms are so heavy that every time someone closes the door you can hear it slam and it didn't help that you could hear the people in the next room screaming all night.  The hotel pool itself was kinda cool it had a nice layout. But it seemed like there wasn't any pool waitresses or waiters to order any drinks + it was a little too conservative, too many families. This hotel also had it's pluses, It was in a great location of the strip so if you like show's you can get there by walking and the forum shops are located in the hotel which is nice. All in all I had an ok time. I would be pissed if I had paid to stay here but this hotel is just not for me......
3	I really like Caesars b/c of the historical aspect of it. This was one of the original old school casino. This was the mega casino before the mega casinos. I like the faux Roman/marble decor. We've stayed here twice. Once in a deluxe room in the Palace Tower. It was a nice room. Modern decor. Comfy bed. Marble bathroom with oversize tub and in the middle a huge shower cabin that divides the his/her bathrooms. Nice view overlooking the pools. The other time we had a deluxe room in the Forum Tower. The room was less impressive than the Palace one. Decor was ok. Bathroom was smaller, just had a shower cabin. Although it did have a TV in the bathroom mirror. That was neat. Housekeeping skipped our room a few days. Then we got a room next to HVAC system or something b/c we could hear the machine run from our room. The ice machine didn't work on our floor. The GF was not impress. The pool is very nice, one of my fave in Vegas. Everybody knows about the Forum Shops and the endless stores they have. Some good dinning options, everything from a food court to high-end gourmet. Nightlife has Pure and Shadow bar. The casino floor is a tad dated. But it's huge with a nice mix of people. My fave sportsbook, was here for the last Superbowl and it was a rowdy good time.  Service is good. I like it, but I understand why others aren't so high on this place. It has a little of everything. Good location, in the heart of the strip. If you stay I would book a room in the Augustus/Palace Towers. I want to give it 4 stars but I know I'm partial, so 3 stars.
4	I've heard that Caesars Palace has a good tower and a bad tower.  I've must have been in the good tower because my experience was pretty good.  Checking-in was a breeze due to the many cashiers working in the large lobby.  Like other Vegas hotels, going from lobby to hotel room here was a long trip.  When someone says, "Drop your bags off in the room and meet back here in 5 minutes."  You better tell them to make it at least 15 minutes.I was pretty high up, which gave me a beautiful view of the Strip at night.  The rooms were very nice and spacious.  Definitely a comfortable enough room if you want to bring several people back and chill late at night.  The bed was also very nice and extremely comfortable.  The bathrooms were also strong--everything performed as it should, and it even had a slightly luxurious feel to it.  I loved the showers.  The rooms weren't cheap, but the experience was good.Caesars Palace has a few other bright spots as well.  There is plenty to do around Caesars Palace--such as the Forum shops.  Plus, it is very close to some other marquee casinos like the Bellagio.  I've heard mixed on this--but based on my experience, Caesars Palace does a good job of clearing up the cigarette smoke on the gaming floor.  It isn't as good as the Wynn or the Bellagio, but Caesars Palace is definitely more comfortable and non-smoker friendly than a Harrah's or a Sahara.There are plenty of other Las Vegas hotels I would like to check out, but I wouldn't mind staying in Caesars Palace on my next visit.
4	I stayed in a hotel room with 6 people (shhh they didn't know).  We informed them that 4 people were staying, but at check out we only got charged for 2 people...which made the 3 night stay incredibly cheap for 6 people.  This pleased us quite a bit.  The room was very nice, bathroom was large and also nice.  We were able to get a cot and it was a little bit cramped, but not bad at all.  We had a good view of the strip and the beds were comfortable.  We spent a lot of time in the hotel wandering around, the first day or two we continued to get lost but finally we were able to figure everything out!  All in all I had a great stay here and would definitely recommend to anyone.  The location is great, as it's right in the middle of the strip.
5	After being slightly peeved for having to wait for a good half-hour at the check-in desk, the rest of the stay was amazing.  Case in point: 1) Reasonably priced upgrade got us a nice, big room with ceiling shower at the Forum Tower.  Lack of view (I never care much for the view anyway) was more than compensated by proximity to the awesome Forum Shops.2) (most importantly) Helpful staff who, cognizant of my agitation for forgetting to bring my Blackberry charger and having to be Blackberry-less for the weekend, saved the day by directing me to the security desk who then produced a Blackberry charger that a previous hotel guest must have left behind.  Their loss is my gain.3) Guest list @ PURE - no effort necessary.  'Nuff said.Later on I realized, the abovementioned wait was not the fault of the check-in desk staff.  It was the two oriental ladies (read: supafobs - you can tell by the way they dress) who made a huge fuss about something and caused one of the staff to spend a good amount of time with them trying to explain the situation.  By the way, their broken English didn't help any.
5	Me likey:)Poker room and nice rooms to shower in (spent a total of 4 hours in 3 days in it but whatever)I was here working a trade show at Caesar's. I told them when I checked in and they gave me a room in the same area as the convention. I also happened to slip how VIP I was that Paris gave me a complimentary  upgrade-just to give them a opportunity to level the playing field. They took good care of me giving me a room in the Palace tower. Beautiful new clean rooms, plasma tv, full mini bar, plasma tv(with movie rentals). Very niceMy not so VIP coworker was given a room in the Roman tower. It paled it comparision. If I had stayed in that tower I would not be so happy. I think it's where the ruckus starter are stuck together--kinda like a slum. JK!The casino also has one of the best poker rooms around. No smoking allowed! Which in my book would make them six stars if I could give them a super special bonus star....I lived at the poker room, I was the semidelusional chick ranting and raving with a lot of chips (if anybody was there June 29/30th) I slept about 4 hours total over 3 days so I got weirder every night. But our table was the one laughing the most so I think it was all good.Anways I would say this is on my 3 top places to stay in Vegas.See ya guys there sometime:)
1	This place is horrible!  Granted, some of the suites there are nice and luxurious, but the customer service was horrible! I stayed at the hotel and made reservations for one room with double beds that was non-smoking.  When I tried to check-in they said they didn't have any rooms with double beds available!Because I was with my friends, we couldn't just get a king size bed, so I had to wait at the front desk for a long time and then a double room finally became available, and I took it.  Unfortunately, when I arrived in the room, you can smell the cigarette smoke right away.  Apparently, the guy gave me a smoking room!  After calling the front desk about this, they said they couldn't give me a non-smoking double bed room.  After some complaining, they said they finally just got one that should be ready soon and that I would need to call them back in 30 minutes.  Long story short, it took me 1.5 hours and 4-5 phone calls to the front desk to finally get me that room they said would take 30 minutes.  After this experience, I don't think I will ever stay there again.  The Palazzo and Venetian are so much better with the price of their rooms and more importantly, their customer service.
4	prob my favorite hotel to stay at when I'm in Vegas. a lot of different restaurants. pretty cool mall they have there. night club there is crazy. Caesars is right in the middle of the strip which makes it the perfect location when visiting Vegas. enjoy!
5	i love caesars... i always stay here.my host is absolutely amazing... his name is Cambo Nguyen. If you play big ($100/per hand and up) he will definitely take care of you!!!caesars is really great. i love the augustus tower and on booked weekends if you are diamond and they fully booked when u've already had reservations, they upgrade you to the biggggggg suites!caesars service is really great. they are owned by harrahs entertainment. i like harrahs entertainment better than mgm because they have a tier system with their players.they treat the bigger players with more perks. for instance, u dont have to wait in line and more thing are available to you. at MGM casinos, i have to wait for valet for like an hour! where as harrahs, they bring the big players cars out first. now thats service! you know if you are dropping $ in the casino, you mean business.... not like some families who are on vacation with nothing to do... you kno they have all the time in the world!baccaratt lounge is great here. this is the only place that i have ever seen a 24 player run.... some of the pit bosses are assholes but all the dealers are great and the lounge service is top notch. this is my hotel of choice. caesars recognizes who you are if you are somebody.i love the shopping... this place has the best mall in all of the world and i love pure night club. everything is convieniently at caesars palace. sometimes i dont even have to leave this place the whole weekend!
5	I love Caesars! The room was amazing. Very clean, they also have nice pools.Downstairs with the shopping stores and everything is very nice. Everything is expensive though but I love it. Great place to shop
4	It was like one big mall inside of here. Yes it is visually appealing but the place is pretty much one big indoor mall. Stores everywhere. You can get lost inside of here I have ahha.
2	Stop building more towers and start building more parking garages!!! I hate when I have to come here because it takes FOREVER to find a parking space and then when you finally do, you have to walk 5 miles to the entrance.One positive....SONY Style in the forum shops : )Second positive.....the fish and chips in the gourmet-ish type cafeteria in the casino rocks!!! (and the table attendants are really, um, attentive)
4	What a great hotel! I stayed here over New Year's eve one fine winter. The rooms are nicely furnished (especially the bathrooms).  The hotel has plenty of things to do (i.e. Mesa Grill, gambling, loooots of shopping, clubs like Pure, and much much more).  These Vegas hotels are like little cities!Would give it 5 stars but the room service was not as smooth as it could have been (ex: the front desk was quite slow at bringing up needed extra robes and pillows)Still, it's an amazing hotel and I highly recommend it.  It's location is solid and there is just so many different activites to do in the mammoth hotel.   Our room had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountain and the Eiffel Tower of Paris Paris.  Three of my four nights in Vegas were spent out till sunrise and it was wonderful having a plush hotel room to crash in afterwards.P.S. The first night I was here I had a Caesars salad.  It came out wonderful.
5	First time at Cesars stayed in the Forum towers.  Beautiful batroom, with ceiling and wall shower, tv in mirror.  Room has been updated but they need to update the dresser counter, looks old and scratched up.  Why would they update and not change the dressers Beautiful casino and love the forum shops, even though they are expensive.  Loved the pool area.  Would stay there again.
4	I didn't get to stay at Caesars Palace, but we spent a lot of time here during our Vegas trip and boy its pretty. I love the shopping and the changing sky colors. I also loved the fountain show, the people looked so realistic!My friend also got a mimosa for five dollars and said it was really good, they didn't go cheap and overdo it on the orange juice, but they actually used the right proportions. If I could choose to stay at any hotel, it would definitely be either Caesars Palace or the Bellagio. But I also gotta love Caesars Palace to quote from The Hangover "I have a question for you, and I'm sure you get this a lot but, is this really Caesars Palace? Like, did Caesar actually live here?"Well it sure looks nice enough for Caesar to live in!
4	Caesars is one of the nicer hotels on the strip.  Although it's been around for a while they've recently remodeled a lot of it.  Caesars also has the Forum shops which has nice stores in it but it also has stores like Express and the Gap that you'd find at your local mall.  The shops aren't as high end as what you'd find at the Bellagio or Wynn but there are still nice stores so you have an idea of what to expect.  The hotel has some pretty famous places such as Mesa Grill (I completely don't recommend going there) and Pur nightclub.  Although I've had bad experiences at both Pur and Mesa Grill, the hotel itself is still very nice and there's much to see there.  For anyone who hasn't been here, I'd recommend stopping by to check it out.  The shopping area has many other restaurants and Greek statues you can take pictures of/with.  That area also has a fake skylight similar to the one at the Venetian.
5	I really love Caesars. On a recent trip, I was fortunate to have been book at Caesars, to review it for a business function. The staff was wonderful, and they even sent a hotel limo to pick up my husband due to his late arrival. My event manager hooked us up with various entertainment and we had a blast. Location simply cannot be beat, and the property is truly awesome. If spending your day at one of the beautiful Caesars pools is getting too pricey, I suggest running over to the Flamingo, and parking it at their European pool. HAAA HAA HAA! People watching at it's best, and you can get a cabana for nothing, as long as you pend $200 - 300 on liquor.
5	I think this might be my favo hotel/casino in all of Vegas. Now, I've never actually stayed here, but it just looks nice, you know. I have, however, been in here several times, and I will eventually stay in it one day (maybe in a couple months, if I decided a trip to Vegas is necessary). When I was in Vegas over Memorial Day weekend, I went to an awesome pool party here. The regular Caesar's pool was pretty awesome, but there was an even awesomer pool that was gated off to the side. That's where the pool party took place. And you're probably wondering why it was so awesome right about now. Well I'll tell you why. Cause it was a topless pool party. Yeah, let that sink in for a minute. You're in Vegas, on Memorial Day weekend, it's hot, you're in the pool, there are hot topless chicks all around, and you're just chillin' drinking pina coladas and beer... that's the life. Btw, I'm not sure whether or not it's pager friendly...
3	Not a bad place to stay, but it's damned pricey to hang out here.  Six-seven dollar drinks, high table minimums, and restaurants that start out around $25/entree.  The staff is friendly enough, but the place is so mobbed that you definitely lose all sense of "I'm special because I'm a guest here."  Our guest status didn't help my party get admission to the new club that opened up in the Palace, for example.The pool is great, though.  Gigantic, plenty of seats -- even on the weekends -- and not the total meat market I'd thought it would be.
4	Amazing hotel. Incredible amount of stuff to do and shows to see. Snazzy room with comfortable bathroom and clean. I'd definitely stay here again.
2	the buffet is horrible...$27.99...we left Wynn because the waiting time was 30+min...and thought the Caesars Palace-a gergous hotel probly have a good buffet too?!?! naw~ I won't go back...after we paid the front...we were told to wait outside...even though the inside was clearily EMTPY?!?!?!?!two guys were standing in front of us...and the hostess told us to wait downstairs..which is only 3 feet away...and told us because it will get crowded.....okey.............looked around..nobody is here to get crowed with....after about 5-10 min, we were finally waited to our table...waited for our server to get our drinks....don't come......so we went get our food first...come back try a server to have our drinks...10 min past...where is our server...? the section has only 5 tables....maybe he is busy..with WHAT?finally came...got our order 2 ice tea and 1 coke...but he came back with 2 coke...we looked at each other thought maybe there was one more person that only we didn't see but he could see...? and he didn't the same to the table behind us...brought 4 drinks for 3 people...but i guess they didn't want the fourth one so ask him to take back...they do serve crab legs and shrinp but they bring it so late that i see many tables didn't eat...we also had our plate when we started our dessert....TI charge $17.99 but it was better than here.....so i guess we weren't coming any time...soon or never...
1	My fifth trip to Vegas, so I'm not an expert, but....I try to stay somewhere different every year.  Caesars Palace was by far my least favorite place to stay.  The room was not very clean and the hotel staff was extremely rude!!!  Be prepared to spend some $$$ if you stay there.  The breakfast buffet was horrible.  We ended up walking down to Planet Hollywood for their buffet, which was waaaay cheaper and 10 times bigger and better.  I was not impressed with the pool at all.  I will not stay there again.
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas. Growing up I was used to the cheaper hotels- I was always at circus circus or downtown, but that was fine. Caesars was my first "fancy" hotel and I've stayed at most of the nicer ones on the strip. That being said, overall I think this hotel is the best. They have a good range of guestrooms, awesome pools and, to me, The best shopping around (bellagio and wynn are too fancy and planet hollywood and the mall aren't fancy enough).We've stayed in the Palace and Augustus tower and one of the older ones. The Augustus is the biggest, but the location of the Palace tower is the best because it's slightly closer to the shops and it's right by the pool.  (Since they're building a new tower, access to the pool from the Augustus tower was blocked - we had to walk ALL the way around.)  But even after that setback, I think it's the best bang for your buck since it's not too expensive and the pools are great. It's perfect for us because we like staying in nice rooms but don't gamble like high rollers...so going across the street to Bills or Flamingo is easy for the lower table minimums. btw: you have to try the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate at Serendipity 3. So good.
3	Spent four nights at Caesar's.  The casino and restaurants are high quality and the forum shops are great.  Pure was fun, but it's pretty small.  The poker room is excellent.  It's separate so you don't have to try and hear over the slots like other poker rooms.  The dealers are friendly too.  The room isn't anything special.  Does have a mirror on the ceiling...kinda fun.  Seems like they missed the rooms when they renovated a few years back.  Stayed in the Roman Tower.
5	I stayed here for business. The room I got was average, but again my company paid for it, so for being what it was, it was nice. The casino is amazing, I actually won $ 100.00 from a five on a slot machine. The place has some amazing statues, and the shopping complex is pretty awesome too. If I go back to Vegas, this is definitely where I would like to stay.
4	Ok so I just stayed here last week, and I must admit Ive always been impressed with this hotel Great night life, great places to get drinks and the breakfast cafe next to the registration is great for food! BUT HORRIBLE service! It took them 10 mins to sit us down with no one sitting down any where in the cafe, plus it took us 20 mins to get our food and 30 MINS to get our ticket! I was outraged!!! To me this is unacceptable! I dont care if its 4AM or not! It should take that long to get my bill! But I give them credit for the food it was really good. I had the waffles and eggs with bacon! I was very happy but it was putting me asleep! Which is a good thing I might add, but it took way to long to get my check. At this point I was tired and cranky and the beer buzz was gone! hehe But the hotel is nice and I like having a good time here. But i wasnt to happy with the room. It was average and nothing really im pressive about it. Other than the 3 by 3 inch tv's in the bathrooms. It was affordable and the service desk was very helpful with anything I needed I just think they need to update the rooms. Though I did enjoy the pool and that was alot of fun, did look a tad bit dirty but I blame that on the amount of people that come and go in that pool. But still was fun and enjoyable. I will give this 4 stars because i understand the hotel is old and perhaps seeing only about 15 years of its life now.. But over all I had a great time and enjoyed myself. But I would rather spend an extra 100 dollars and stay at the wynn or the hotel and get a tad bit more luxury. Thats my 2 cents.. But if you are looking for a good place and is very affordable.. This is your place! Ill be back though, its the only hotel in the strip that played NON STOP soccer in the bar next to the casino which was impressive to me! enough said, I was sold for my whole entire trip!
3	3 stars for the outside appearance of Caesars. It's huge as hell! I like the Forum Shops here. I've never stayed here before: Way too pricey for my taste, but at least it's nice to look at for free! LOL
4	The move "Hangover" was filmed here. The mall is great especially with the talking statues. They have every store you can think of here. VERY PRICEY. Love the decor inside very CLASSY and HUGE. Service here is very RUDE. They even have the PLAYBOY STORE.
4	Vegas BABY! You're so money and you don't even know it. Here we go... Checkin was kind of a drag...they only had 2 people working the front desk, hello! It took me about 30 minutes to check in and the line wasn't even that long, but the guy was very apologetic when I got to the front with a sour look on my face. The concierge was SO friendly as well the bell man who brought up our bags. The taxi cue was great, really funny guy. The little shop in the hotel is SO overpriced I wanted to smack someone...you mean to tell me this pack of smokes is $13??? Bottle of Diet Coke $6....Where's Ashton? It's Vegas. Prices to be expected...sort of. I've stayed at most of the hotels on the strip and I thought Caesars was just as it should be. We stayed in the Forum Tower (which I would TOTALLY recommend). Not sure if any of you have stayed in the tower...but that's where you SHOULD stay. The beds were soooo comfy...room was cozy, updated (fabulous bathtub!)...yada yada yada. Honestly though...you go to Vegas, not for the rooms...you go for the experience...casinos, shows, food, nightlife. I mean the room is important, but you just want someplace to sleep for 4 hours or so. This is great place to do it. Great restaurants...Mesa Grill (Bobby Flay), Beijing Noodle 9 (BEST KUNG PAO SHRIMP. EVER!!!), Guy Savoy...I mean really people. Nightclubs, Pure...I saw tons of stars...such a celeb hangout. The place gets so crowded though...I mean, to the point where my face was in some guys armpit, at least he was wearing deodorant. I like Caesars...its a big hotel, clean rooms, nice service, cool dealers and a Las Vegas Casino...I mean what else?  It's VEGAS! ENJOY!
5	Yes Sir, the best hotel at Vegas handsdown you already know, anyone whos anyone stays at caesars their wuality of everything is unmatched i dont know what it is about the place i think its the great pools. Or the staff, Or that ive had a great time in vegas everytime we stayed here maybe im bias oh well, but i have stayed in alot of hotels here! Take my word, pay a little more, will be well worth it. ****UNLESS OF COURSE ITS YOUR FIRST TIME AND YOUR GONA BE ABOUT TOWN, THEN JUST GET A CRAPPY MOTEL*** LOLLTFR
3	This property is very sprawled out.  It has a prime location on center strip, and the place has gone through many changes over the years.  I personally like the Forum Shops the best, and I usually eat at The Palm whenever I am in town.  They have a good mix of vintage Las Vegas, which is evident when you first enter the casino.I would give it a better rating but I had an incident in this hotel once.  It ended up ok.  The statute of limitations has long since run out.  I am innocent, of course.  Mums the word.
2	Caesars Palace is not the grand hotel it once was.  Caesars does hold a prime spot on the strip, but the hotel itself has seen better days. What's really disappointing is the poor level of customer service they extend to their guests.  I have given them 3 chances to change my mind, and each time they've disappointed.  I give the hotel experience 2 stars.The Forum Shops were expanded a couple years ago, and the shopping there is always fun.  It's filled with luxury and high end shops.  Spend the day drooling or splurging it's your choice.  I give the Forum Shop experience 5 stars.
3	The rooms here are really nice.  I stayed here for the first time a few weeks ago but I got lost the instant I walked in.  The elevator to the room was over at the treasure island.  You have to walk 5 miles to the freaking tower elevators.  I'm fat I hate walking.  The only good thing about this place is you get to stand in a special line for pure night club.  Whoopie!
5	If you have the money to stay in one of the suites.  I highly recommend you do so.  Stayed in one about 2 years ago and I was blown away.   Comfortable king sized bed, cool couch, view of the topless pool, dual head shower, and large jacuzzi tub.  Everything you could need is in the hotel itself.  You never really have to leave.  Tons of great restaurants to choose from.  Bobby Flay has one here and it was great, pricey for sure, but great food.  Most of the time they have top notch performers.  Saw Elton John, but missed Jerry Seinfeld.  The gaming is a little rich for my blood.  The Forum shops have the best shopping in Vegas.  There is a Diesel store.  Nuff said.Be prepared to lay down some coin during your stay, but hey, you only live once.
4	We stayed at Caesar's Las Vegas on August 17-18, 2009. Our company was there for the TPP expo. Around 9am in the morning on August 18th, while we were sleeping, 2+ strangers entered our room with a working key. The strangers saw our things and walked out muttering something about "someone's already in there". A few minutes later they enter again and then leave again. About 10 minutes later we get a call from the front desk (her name was Naisha) telling us that somehow our room was marked as checked out - which was alarming considering we haven't even woken up or checked out in any way. So we told her we were indeed still checked in and also requested a late checkout. We thought things were okay now... but about 1 hour later, another group of people entered the room with another working key. This made us really upset! We expressed our concerns during checkout but was only offered a verbal apology. I've stayed at many other hotels on the strip before and I must say this was one of the worst experiences I've ever had. Had we been comped in some way that would at least have made up for it, but we weren't. Caesars is overpriced and overrated! Palazzo and Encore are my favorites.UPDATE 11/9/09: I upgraded this review from 1 to 4 stars because the Hotel Manager contacted me directly and offered 2 free comps to come back. Great Customer Service!
4	Good: Nice statues, lobby area, restaurants (expensive though), rooms were nicely decorated and bed was comfortable. The maid service was very effiecient. Every morning we would leave our room for about an hour and come back and room was completely clean and towels replenished. Bad:Very expensive, the casino was poor imo.. I liked the bellagio or wynn much better. The bathroom sink nobb wasn't working well. Our Palace Tower room 2525 in a conjoining room and you could hear the conversations of the neighbors easily.. they weren't even speaking loudly. The pool area seemed pretentious.. didn't like all the private club cabana stuff.. but i guess that's vegas.  Long line at checkin and didn't get the Forum tower room I had reserved.
5	Just about the rooms:We stayed in the new tower, though I had never been to Caesars Palace it was by far the most beautiful room I've stayed in.  The layout was spacious, complete with a large bathroom, table and chairs, huge TV station - the room just felt sooo large.  The furnishings were amazing, chic, modern yet with that classical feel, clean, not too clustered and really tasteful.  It is by far the nicest room I've been in.  The bathroom was large, had tons of amenties, a great shower and tub and I really felt pampered just to be there.  The mini fridge was stocked with deluxe things as well, yet another perk.  Overall it was clean, amazing, comfy and made me feel really pampered!
5	This Review is strictly for the Augustus Tower and not for other rooms or services.It is hard to rate or generalize such a big hotel so I'll try to be fare.Staying in the new towers is extremely worth your money! Why?- It is still cheaper than Wynn, Bellagio & venetian- You get a bigger room, very specious, open & fresh, clean carpet, extremely comfortable beds!- Awesome contemporary design & style, very impressing furniture & vibe- Full HD flat screen TV's (in the bathroom too)- Nice mini bar & safe- Best view in Vegas of the Bellagio fountain & Eiffel tower at Paris (Ask for right side or you'll be stuck w/boring view)- Great efficient service- Best SPA in Vegas: Big, fresh, relaxing best experience I ever had!- Efficient room service & cleaning team- The best Valet (driving them crazy 6 times a day! They already knew me by my full name!)- Forum shops are great!- Centrally located- Great bars!Also:- We lost our keys, got exchanged, had security escorting us to the room- Ordered one extra room across ours out of the blue (needed privacy) no problem! -  We were charged $80 for few calls from our room! Check out rep waved it for me! - Any requests we had were accommodatedNo complaints, a truly 5 star experience in Vegas! Boy, I miss those days!Yalla bye!
4	Just got back from Vacation. Stayed in the palace tower deluxe room 2 nights.Pros:1. Property was well maintained and clean2. Comfortable bed and well maintained rooms3. Great food court.4 Pool was awesome, with comfortable chairs.5. Service was good - Cocktail waitresses and pool waitress were attentive.Cons:1. Their room pillows were less than comfprtable.2. Ventilation in the casino (especially the older part) could be improved. Smoke oder was noticeable. But I can't complain that much because I was smoking.3. Due to the season, the towers blocked the sun at the pool until maybe 4:00. The waitress says this does not happen in the summer.4. Our wait at check-in and waits in the food court were a little long.I will be back for sure. Lounging at the pool was the highlight of the trip.
3	This palace was just too darn big for this girl. We stayed in the palace tower for three nights for a bachelorette party. Let me premise by saying we have a compted room so it was very nice for that reason. The best part of the hotel is their pool area and also their Augustus Cafe which had prompt service and great late night eats ( Club Sandwhich and Caeser salad!!!). Housekeeping was friendly and did a good job cleaning. CONS:1) We got a room with two bathrooms thinking that would be helpful for four girls. Nah. The problem is that there is one big connecting shower. Whats the point of that? We cant shower together, ew. So I found that pointless and we should have maybe stayed at the Augustus tower if we had known this. 2) The pillows are BAD. Probably as old as the hotel. 3) The room was huge but seriously, the beds look miniature in this room. They were two double beds, and seriously looked like Full size. Not even a queen. 4) Half the room was empty. It could use some furniture. Also the handles to some of the furniture were broken. 5) Older crowd, families and lots of weddings. Not really the right kind of scene for a bachelorette party. Venus pool was lame. It is not owned by Club Pure anymore, and its basically a Euro-Topless pool now with bad music playing. Boring. The worst part is that every time we called down for anything either A) they enver answered B) transferred to another person who never picked up. So annoying. I probably wont stay here again by choice. With the prices they charge for their rooms, Im shocked they are so packed.
4	i stayed at caesars the last 2 times i went to vegas... both times i went for a bachelor's party... both times i stayed in the new tower, and let me just say it's pretty lush... the bachelor stayed in the suite in the old tower, so i was able to scope out his suite... let me just say, there is no comparison between the old tower and the new tower... everything in the new tower is so much better, current, and worth it... very relaxing both times staying at caesars palace... no complaints here... h-100...
4	Have decided to write reviews for all the places I've stayed in Vegas, but be warned that my stay here was over a year ago, so things may have changed.I was apprehensive about coming here because I've heard things about how campy and outdated they are.  I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, there's an awful fountain of naked muses in the lobby right when you enter, and there are similarly bad imitations of Classical sculpture everywhere in the hotel, but it's Vegas, so that's to be expected!  I was there for a conference and my employer had already pre booked everything.  The check in staff were very pleasant and offered a tempting upgrade to a better room for a mere $30 a day.  I waffled, then agreed to the offer.  When I got to my room, I was stunned--what a great bargain! It wasn't the largest room in the world, but it was around 500 sq. ft, VERY ample space.  The decor did not make my eyes hurt.  The bathroom was huge and had a TV as well as a jacuzzi tub.  And it only came for $30 more!  I slept very well--it was quiet and the air smelled clear (rare in Vegas).The conference center was also a pleasant surprise. Very well appointed and large.  It was hard to get to from my rooms though.  And it was so big I got lost.  The casino was average--seemed a bit empty, but the economy had just tanked when I was there (October 2008).  The one restaurant we went to, Rao's was good but pricey.  I think they were trying to capitalize on their reputation as one of the hardest restaurants to book in New York.  I'm still very much an MGM Grand fan when it comes to restaurants, though.  Maybe I am limited, but it just seems easier and more dependable, since they've managed to amass just about every noteworthy chef on the face of the earth over there.My colleagues were a bit annoyed with the catering staff at this hotel for our business luncheon, and I must say that they were pretty rude to her regarding her gluten allergy.  But that aside, I had a very nice experience here, certainly better than the Venetian, which is supposedly a better hotel.
3	Sounds like Harrah's may have bludgeoned its bondholders and blown out its cost structure enough to keep the multi-property CRM behemoth from having to put any of the golden gooses -- Caesars Palace foremost amongst them -- on the block. As a consumer, I suppose that's a good thing, because that monstrous combined inventory pool, and the infrastructure and tactics to shuffle loyal customers amongst its properties like pawns on a chessboard, is what lets them comp rooms even for occasional visitors like me.The rooms at Caesars Palace must be highly variable, because my $500/night room looked like a Motel 6, but clearly that can't be representative.It's nightclub Pure will of course not be able to compete head-on with Tryst/XS, but it's still the Tuesday night spot and worth stopping by once just to check it off the list.Poolside brunch is fit for a...Caesar. Legendary.
1	I was in Las Vegas two weekends in a row. The first weekend, I stayed at Caesar's Palace with some girl friends. The second weekend, I stayed at Planet Hollywood, also on the strip. After comparing the two, I would give Caeser's a D and Planet Hollywood an A+. The service at Caeser's was not good ( I waited an hour and a half for something I called down to the front desk for), the room was old, the tv was junky, and the decor itself was sub par-not to mention i paid a pretty penny to stay there for 3 nights. I paid a lot less $ for my stay at Planet Hollywood and it was absolutely amazing compared to Caeser's Palace.
5	Great time, great people, well recommended
4	Forum Shops a blast.Makes me wish I was filthy.Filthy-rich, dumbass.
4	This review is only for their poker room. I've never stayed in there rooms here. I like their deepstack poker tourneys and this time, they've improved their tourney structures and I think they have one of the better tournaments in Vegas.Poker room is spacious, tourneys well run, clean well lit room. Didn't play cash this trip here as I was on a small bankroll this trip.
1	Thumbs down!  Their customer service stinks!  They are only interested in taking your money and not providing any service at all!  One evening I was trying to turn off the tv to go to bed.  The remote wouldn't work to turn it off, change the channel, change the volume. So, I called the front desk to report it.  I definitely wasn't going to run down to the front desk in my pj's.  The next morning when I checked out, they charged me for the phone call...in house!!!!  When I complained to the front desk person, she asked me if it was working now.  I said "yes".  She replied "oh good, now I don't have to write up a service request".   When I inquired why and when did they start charging for in-house calls.  She stated that is just the way it is...  What kind of customer service is this!!!  I call to tell them their equipment isn't working, basically doing them a favor and rather than apologize... I get charged for it!!!!   There are so many other good choices in Vegas.  I would stay away from this hotel.  They have gotten too big for their britches!  I also went the year before.  My reservation was for an up-graded room.  They stuck me in the oldest part of the hotel.  And, if that's not enough for you, my room wasn't even clean!  There was hair on the wall of the shower and on the floor of the bathroom.  I had to trek all the way back through the hotel (a 30 min walk) back to the front desk, wait in line to tell them they put me in the wrong room and it was not clean.  If I didn't say anything, they would have left me in a lower room.  What a scam!  What more can I say...STAY AWAY!!!!!
1	This place has gone way down hill. At check-in, the man smirked and laughed because our rooms weren't ready and they were the wrong rooms. He didn't believe a word I was saying. I said I had a confirmation letter. He said, "But you don't understand". When I reached for the letter, he said, "I'm going to get a manager." The manger read me the hotel riot act from the insider's point of view, how these things happen, etc. I showed her the letter more than once. Nothing but boilerplate. Worse, the bar service at video poker is rude, if anything. Sat at one for ten minutes after ordering a drink. Only three people at bar. Pass! $42 dollars this AM for three O.J., two coffee, and three banana nut muffins. Stay where you get the best deal.
3	Aside from their Forum Shops and the pool area, I'm not sure that Caesar's Palace has much to offer in terms of a hotel or casino because it's so big and messy its hard to find anything. The rooms that are not renovated are absolutely terrible and the rooms that are renovated are way too expensive for what you pay. This hotel in general is really expensive for its caliber because I feel like it's trying to be a Bellagio or Venetian or even Wynn but its only barely topping over Excalibur. If they were to charge such outrageous prices, they should at least renovate ALL their rooms and make them worthwhile.Otherwise, its mid-strip, lots of HUGE speed bumps so not good for modded cars, and now they've opened a Serendipity on the property for all to gorge. Eh.
4	I must confess - I am a sponge. I don't gamble, and my total loss of earnings from gambling is probably netting out to $10. However, it is nice to have relatives who are gamblers and in turn it has allowed me, the sponge, to stayed at Caesar's on half dozen occasions. Suites/ rooms, Augustus/ Palace Tower, winter and summer... yeah, I've done it all. The maids at Caesar's are awesome... housekeeping is super responsive and I really appreciate their help in answering my sometimes bizarre requests. Admittedly I have never liked the pillows at Caesar's rooms - they're very soft and as someone who sleeps on a memory foam pillow, it doesn't work for me. Reservations... hmmm could be improved. General my host does the check-in for me, but the one time I had to do it myself... goodness me, it took us 20 minutes before we got to the counter. The shows... so they built the Colosseum for Celine, and she may not be everyone's cup of tea but as far as concert seating goes - this place is AWESOME. And then there's the pool, my favourite part of the hotel. Bummer that it was too cold to swim during my last visit. Overall, will go back!
4	Ok, they made up for their HORRIBLE performance on my previous trip. As part of the Harrahs Entertainment Group, they do have a lot to offer, especially for groups and meetings. Yes, it is a bit of an icon, and they really need to renovate the Roman Tower, but overall, as with every massive casino in Vegas, it has something for everyone. I'm not sure what happened with some of their staff on my last trip, but changes were made, and staff was great. I am still a bit in awe of some of their cocktail servers. Some of those women are 80 if they are a day, and still running around in the skimpy outfits. Braver that I am now!
4	Beautiful hotel. You can stay inside the hotel and never leave and yet you still haven't seen everything, no need to even walk outside. Doesn't compare to any other hotel (not including city center - which was not open when I went) -this place will keep you busy. I recommend you stay at the Forum Shoppes Tower.. awesome remodeled rooms.
2	I have wanted to stay at Caesar's for years and finally was able to in September.  It was such a disappointment, even before we arrived.Customer service is non-existent at this property, with the exception of the occasional veteran cocktail waitress ("We used to be called 'Goddesses'").  Don't bother trying to arrange anything through the concierge as this property no longer has any idea of what it is the job of a concierge should entail (a gift basket sent to a room?  call the patisserie directly yourself.  dinner reservations for 10?  call the hotel restaurant yourself.  wth?).  I'm not even sure why they bother to have a concierge.Don't bother to try and complain to the parent company either (which is Harrah's and has been for 3-4 years now), all they will do is say oh sorry.  Yeah, that's it.  I love what used to be and maybe still is the main gaming floor of the casino.  You can tell it was built with class and panache.  It's dingy now though and all but completely overshadowed by the gambling extension that includes the (stupidest thing I've ever seen) "PussyCat Dolls Stripper Show and Gaming" area.  Caesar's traded in class for ass.  Oh how the mighty have fallen.You know it's bad when the (not purposely skanked stripper wannabe employee) dealers are equating their job to working for slavemasters, when employees tell you that the company used to be great to work for before the beancounters bought it out, and the cocktail waitresses (when you can find one AT ALL!!)  hate their outfits and clearly feel they used to be treated better as employees.As for rooming...we had something in the renovated Augustus Tower, and it was very well done, even had a great view of the Bellagio fountains (shame we couldn't hear the music).  One of our friends, however, had the misfortune to book into a Centurion room.  She couldn't sleep (bad bed, thin walls), there was no door on her bathroom, and the room was ghetto.The redone pool area is...interesting.  Clearly, this place was made for people to lounge, to see and be seen.  Forget actually swimming, it's not deep enough.  We paid for a cabana by the I think Jupiter pool, had it for 1p.m.-7 p.m., and guess what?  At 5 p.m. they decide to close that pool to put a shock treatment in.  Really?  That couldn't wait 2 more hours?  We had to walk to another pool to get cool.  Stupidest damn thing ever.I've reviewed the restaurants and shops I visited there separately, but suffice to say the only good restaurants in that hotel are Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill and Rao's.  Qua baths and spa is also a remarkable experience.Almost forgot to mention the gaming.  No good blackjack, though we played a little anyway.  Barely any fun slots and all the denominations are mixed in an incoherent way, plus the layout of the slots is not comfortable (as in I felt like I was in the way of traffic all the time and didn't want to continue sitting there).  We got maybe 3 drinks apiece the whole weekend while gambling (and 2 of those were at the blackjack table from the sweet veteran waitress).  Just not a place worth losing money at.  I'm used to losing money gambling, but come on - at least give me drinks and a good time while I'm doing it otherwise I won't come back to lose more to you.I am just so saddened by this visit.  I really thought it would be a special place, but it is just a sad shell of it's former glory.  The soul has left and the heart beating there is cold and weak.  Unless the property changes hands again, I won't go back to stay, though I will go back for the Mesa Grill.
5	this place is huuuuuugeeeeee and cheap.we got a suite at roman tower, even though the TV's are outdated (CRT instead of LCD or LED) the grand piano just kills, this is where having a girlfriend who can play piano is somewhat valuable http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VyjyHoBg3KC5BSFRlD0ZPQ?select=Q1mcTVHhnnDKoi1HopGlagi will definitely come back to this place!
2	Check in took over 30 minutes! Each registration clerk was spending over ten minutes with each person/ group. Very poorly organized. We have stayed at the Bellagio, Paris, Wynn and Venetian in the last 18 months and never had to wait. The newly remodeled deluxe room was nothing special especially when compared to the hotels listed above but was comfortable and quiet.. We're here to see Bette Middler, but probably should have stayed across the street. We ate here at Nero's: see separate review.
4	Not bad for an old relic. This dinosaur of a casino is actually a lot nicer and more modern than what I was expecting. The suite I was staying at overlooked the pools and was located in the Palace Tower, which is one of the newer towers (the Palace Tower opened in 1997, while the Augustus Tower opened in 2005 I think). The size of the suite was roughly the same, if not larger, than a standard suite at the Palazzo. But, the bathrooms are much nicer. There were 2 bathrooms (his and hers) with a 2 person shower with 2 shower heads joining them. The smaller bathroom consisted of a sink and toilet, while the larger bathroom had a toilet and bidet, sink, and hot tub. The suite was tastefully decorated with modern furniture. The king-size bed was comfortable but a little softer than I prefer. The view from the 11th floor was decent -- overlooking their pools, but there's not much else to see except the other towers and I-15. My only complaints are that the hot tub was extremely loud (like having a lawn mower in the bathroom) and it took close to 10 minutes for the hot water to kick-in with the showers. Other than that, the suite was amazing. It was a little bit of a hike from the parking garage and the signage could be improved but it's well worth the trip. Caesar's has done a good job staying relevant all these years among the mid- to top-tier hotels in Vegas. Although their clientele is definitely a mixed bag of high-rollers and some... um... not-so-high-rollers... and everything in between. They may not be in the same class as Wynn/Encore or the Bellagio, but they're a good option if you're looking for a hotel one or two steps down from that.
4	My wedding coordinator Jamie was extremely helpful and patient! The ceremony went wonderfully. I wish I had gotten rehearsal time! But even without the rehearsal time, the minister was really helpful with guiding us to what we were suppose to be doing. The wedding went great and it was a wonderful experience and it was such a pleasure working with Jamie with putting it all together!My only complaint is that our photographer wasnt that great. He wasnt very talkative and he'd walk off really fast and we'd struggle to catch up (I'm not a pro in heels so basically running around Caesars Palace in heels, in a dress wasnt my idea of a good time). We didnt get many unique shots like I hoped we would and we didnt get any shots IN the casino, so that sucked.
4	Stayed here recently because we got married in Caesars Palace. We stayed in a "deluxe room" in the Augustus Tower. We originally werent placed there but our taxi driver said to ask for that tower cause it over looks the Bellagio water show. Well we got the tower... but on the wrong side. Instead of seeing the water show, we got to see the roof of the building under us. Oh well.The room was HUGE. I wish I had taken pictures. The bathroom was HUGE!!! The bathtub had jets in them and there was a tv on the opposite side of the tub! Watching tv while taking a shower was an amazing experience haha.The bed was so comfortable and the pillows were amazing. I wish I knew what type they were so I could buy some! Our room was right next to the hallway where people get off the elevator (why do we always get placed near the elevator) but it was quiet. Overall, I would definitely stay here again!!
4	Cesar's Palace is 1 of the 3 hotels i like to stay when in Vegas. I stayed in the Forum tower which has been recently renovated. It is farthest away from the check in \ lobby but closest to the parking structure and in the main casino. My experience was simply fabulous. Beautifully appointed huge rooms with big bathrooms which have built in TV in the mirror. The bathroom has two shower heads. one on the wall and another on the ceiling. The best thing is that you can use both the shower heads instantaneously. Beds were super comfy and room had a single seat sofa and day bed. The bathroom really nice high end toiletries which in itself define luxury. This hotel has the best pool in Vegas so if u happen to stay here don't forget to take a dip in its majestic pool. The Forum shopping offers excellent dining and shopping experience if u feel like escaping from casino floor. I will definitely stay here on my next visit.I got an excellent deal on the room with dine in credit and paid like $50 during peak holiday season- Woot
4	I like Caesars a lot. The place is huge, and has tons to do. There are bars, lounges, and clubs galore. The Palace is pretty clean, except the sports betting area. We went and lounged around and caught some of the Texas game, there are people sleeping, or passed out drunk, papers everywhere, looks like someone went mad with the college sports betting and it ended up looking like a trade floor on Wall St. They also have the Forum Shops, which are amazing! This place is its very own adult playground, if I stayed here I may never leave.We were given free passes to Pure, but didn't even go because of the ridiculously long line, and ended up going elsewhere. Caesars is pretty damn rad, I would love to stay here some time.
4	This review is specifically for the Augustus Tower accomodations:Now a few years old, Augustus tower shows a few signs of wear but remains a top notch accomodation in Vegas. Geometric contrasts and dark browns accented by pastels make a modern continental style that is approachably hip (bright and airy but not overly feminine), with just a few Roman accents. High ceilings and a generous footprint, ceiling high leather headboards accent the plush pillows and bedding with honeycomb cotton blankets. Smaller flatscreen TV, but a huge mirror and comfortable seating area. The glass shower and spa tub are both oversize in the well--appointed bath (another small flatscreen and makeup mirror). Oh, and did we mention a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains? [Make sure to request--no, DEMAND--the view room]
2	To be honest we did not stay here, we only walked through and gambled. So take it for what it is. This place is enormous, with multiple towers and spokes. Lots of stores. Notable restaurants by famous chefs (Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill, Spago by Wolfgang Puck). They may be good, but they$ are not cheap!. Dinner entree at Mesa will set you back 35-45, not including salad, appetizer, drinks, dessert. Pizza at Spagos is about $20-25. I also did not like the casino because it is incredibly smoky, and the slot machines seem to be set to pay out very infrequently. We simply did not like the feel of the place, although the Roman architecture and decorations are cool. We decided we would not want to stay here.
4	Caesars is probably my favorite hotel on the strip, mainly for the forum shops. Haven't stayed at the hotel in ages so I'm not sure what's changed, but it's always a pleasure walking about, taking pictures, and exploring. There's plenty to see, do, buy and eat.
1	We stayed at Caesar's for 3 nights. We had upgraded our room to a deluxe by telephone about a week before our and it required a payment of an additional $40 per night. In my opinion it was not worth it! The telephone agent told us the deluxe rooms were newly renovated, had digital do-not-disturb signs, and doorbells. I looked online at the rooms and got extremely excited to see the dark wood colors, modern decor and the dual showerhead in the stall. When we get to registration the clerk asks us which tower we would like. First I was annoyed that we didn't automatically get the same tower I had discussed with the agent over the phone. I was so jetlagged I couldn't remember which tower I wanted (the Forum tower) so I simply told the person to give us the best one thinking that that's what we would get. He gave us the Palace Tower because we would have a Jacuzzi bath. It was okay, but disappointing. I was too tired to drag all my luggage back downstairs and ask to change the room so we decided to stay put and crash for the night. I've been to LV many times and I've never had the opportunity to stay at Caesar's before. I was thoroughly disappointed because of the price we paid for the room and the quality of the room we received. Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the room but it lacked a lot of little touches that I appreciate when I pay a premium to stay in a hotel. It wasn't dirty or old. It was just plain and underwhelming and I basically felt lied to about the room when I upgraded over the phone. In addition, my husband complained about the bed being uncomfortable.The only thing that was a pleasant surprise was the quality of the bathrobes. I even considered buying one before leaving and I never do that.Things that were done well-rooms are clean and I didn't notice any wear-and-tear.-asked for non-smoking room and received a non-smoking floor with no evidence of smoke smell around.-If you want tons and tons of space in your room with a hallway that takes up several hundred square feet, choose the palace tower.-we got a strip view without asking for it.-The Pussycat Dolls casino which runs Friday thru Sunday is the classiest and funnest party pit I saw on the strip.-There is a Bank of America atm in the Forum shops.Done badly:-Extremely high prices for rooms. They charge 5 star prices for a 4 star property.-Was told I would get one type of room over the phone. When I showed up I got another. I was too tired and luggage too heavy to change once I realized the error.These two factors alone encourage me to never stay there again. I would only stay there if I got to stay in the Augustus tower and the room rates were more on par with reality.
2	Gin & Tonic = bad. While the $.01 slots were fun and a good time-waster, the water they use to make their ice sucked.  No two ways about it, it's stale-freezer, hard-water ice, and it tastes like crap. So much so that our party left Ceasar's and went over to the Bellagio, and won't be coming back.
5	If you want ultimate Vegas, stay here.  Not only is it conveniently located right in the middle of everything, it is the only hotel in town that combines cheese AND class -- most places only have one or the other!Class: the spa is world-class, Michael Boychuck runs the salon, the Augustus and Palace towers are beautiful, and the pool area is huge and varied and very tastefully appointed, with topless areas to escape the hordes of children.  The Colosseum is supposedly the premier performance venue west of the Mississippi (state of the art sound system, etc, blah blah blah).  PURE is possibly the douchiest nightclub in the land , the Pussycat Dolls deal blackjack, and the attached Forum Shops have every pretentious ripoff luxury store known to man.  In addition, there are probably at least 30 restaurants on property (including those in the Forum), including obscenely overpriced celebrity eateries like Guy Savoy's, Brad Ogden's and Bobby Flay's.Now, more importantly -- Cheese: they have actors hired to stroll around dressed as Roman characters, who break into impromptu speeches in awesome fake-old-timey voices, and who are more than happy to pose for fotos with guests.  Caesars is one of the last hotels to retain its themed shtick, which it has kept since 1966, and which is reflected in the rooms in some of the older, dumpier towers (Centurion, Forum and Roman).  Everything has a wonderfully outdated fake-Roman twist to it, from the casino carpet to the employee uniforms.  It is unabashedly old-school... so if you're looking for McLuxury and to have your ass kissed with a sterling silver feather, look elsewhere.  If, however, you are in Vegas to have FUN and experience the True Spirit of Vegas, please come in!  Sure, the place is rambling and labyrinthine -- it was built piecemeal over 44 years, so what do you expect?  All the more interesting to wander around in a drunken stupor, my friends. Popcorn ceilings and dangling acrylic jewels... a nightclub shaped like an old-tyme Egyptian barge... a shoeshine man who gets soused on Chardonnay every night and parties to smooth jazz on a little boom box... cocktail waitresses who have been there since opening day, and who are still forced to wedge themselves into sexy mini-togas... dealers who wear silk blouses with their names embroidered in fake-Greek script, and who give their golden Caesars medallions away at the end of every shift...what's not to like?  If you have even a SHRED of a sense of humor, and an appreciation for real Vegas cheese, then there is no other place in Vegas better to dally.
4	You don't even really need to leave Caesars Palace to have a fun Vegas trip - I ate, drank, played roulette, went shopping, went to sleep...all without ever leaving the building.  It's massive, so be sure to wear your walking shoes.  The Diamond Lounge is fantastic - complimentary drinks and finger foods (though their selection of liquor isn't as good as I hoped it would be).  Pure Nightclub and the Pussycat Dolls Lounge are located downstairs as well, for your evening entertainment pleasure.  And when it's all said and done, you can head up to your room and snooze on the comfy beds in their guest rooms.  Definitely a great place to stay!
3	It may not be the newest or most trendy of places on the strip, but Caesar's is a good place to stay. There's a ton of dining options (most of which are pretty good), they have a lot of good machines for gambling, and several bars throughout for the mid-casino pit stop. Our room was clean and comfortable, with a very nice bed for crashing. I would definitely stay here again.
5	Abiding by the falsely reassuring maxim - what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas - means omitting sordid details such as -Topless private cabana spritzingLes Liaisons dangereuses featuring a Republican lobbyistSushi outing with Canadian girls of dubious sexual orientation.Can be declared with certainty,Caesars is a classic, worthy of Rome.
1	I am never staying at Caesar's Palace again.  Repeat - I AM NEVER STAYING AT CAESAR'S PALACE AGAIN.  Harrah's has been laying off boatloads of staff, and as a result the service at their hotels sucks ass.  I had a decent experience there Memorial Day Weekend 2009, so I foolishly booked another stay there for my 25th birthday, December 27 through 29.  I *could* have booked a standard room through expedia.com or some other online agent at a substantial discount.  Instead, I figured I'd make use of my Total Rewards Players Card to book a room in one of their upgraded towers.  My rationale was that I would be fighting with one of a million NYE travelers, and they would likely honor my reservation for a nicer room since I legitimately book through their website using my Players Card. Well, guess what?  I show up and my friends who booked through expedia.com end up in a upgraded King Suite, while I end up in the crappiest of crappy room in their oldest tower ON A SMOKING FLOOR.  I mean, really?  A smoking floor?  Who has those anymore? Of course, I call and complain.  This is NOT what I am paying for.  They were unable to transfer me to another room, but said that they would give me a $50 discount and transfer rooms for me the next day.  They stated they would call me between 11 and 1 the next day to arrange for the room transfer. Well, guess what? They never called.  When I called the Front Desk to inquire, I was placed on hold for 30 minutes before being hung up on, TWICE.  So, I gave up.  Next, i thought, why don't I order some food?Well, guess what? Room service showed up 2 HOURS after I placed my order, an order that consist of a plain ol' burger.  No apology, no discount despite having complained several times.  I checked out the next day.  And I NEVER got the $50/night discount they had promised to me.  Whatever, go figures.  I go to Vegas several times a year.  Caesar's has lost a would-be loyal customer forever.  AND, they have lost a would-be loyal gambler as well.  I won $2500 Caesar's in 2009, and I'm never letting 'em have it back.  Take your money and run. If you are looking for a great place in Vegas, I *very highly* recommend the TRUMP HOTEL. There is no casino there, but the service is amazing, every room has a full kitchen, and the rooms are huge!  The staff there even made evening arrangements for me: chauffeured me to and from Tao nightclub and got me a line pass so that I would get right into Tao.  Free of charge.  Seriously.  Try the TRUMP. If you want to stay somewhere with a casino, I recommend ARIA.  The hotel and casino are beautiful, and they have the best buffet in town.
5	I went to Vegas the first week of January for the hundreth time it seemed.. but this time  was different. Why you ask, oh because I went with my parents and baby sibling.. yes that's right a family vacation to las vegas. The pain of having a 12 year old wingman.. I can't even describe. But... a little sweet relief came to me at caesars. Every 5 minutes while sitting at the slots or the tables a cocktailer would come by.. now i didnt order one everytime, I'm not that much of a fish, but the consistency was very nice, seeing as at the wynn it took like 15 minutes of play to have a drink in hand. Anyways, idk if it was because i was there for CES but the rest of vegas.. no hotness.. caesars.. lots of hotness! Great tables, great clubs, excellent, my next trip to sincity i will be staying at caesars. Plus they have SERENDIPITY!!! love fro cho. Caesars is where its at.
5	We went out there April of 2009. Booked our room on one of those travel websites and got a room for about $90/night. We were only staying 1 night so we weren't too worried about staying somewhere super posh, but wanted to make sure we were in a decent room. We arrived in Vegas and were uber tired from our flight. Got the the hotel to check in and were advised that they gave us a free room upgrade. Sweet! There was construction and our room was almost close to impossible to find, but with the help of a friendly housekeeper, we were pointed in the right direction. We got into our room and wa wa we wa, it was so nice. There was a large king bed, a lounge sofa, flat screen TV in the room and a TV in the bathroom mirror. The whole room and bathroom were really spacious and clean. I have had bad experiences staying at other casinos that you would expect to be somewhat decent and end up getting a S*!% hole for a room. The fact that the casino itself is clean and not a smoky as other casinos was a plus. The Forum shops are also nice to walk around for an hour or two. I highly recommend Cesar's, but make sure you stay in the newer towers to get more bang for your buck.
4	This is the most beautiful hotel I've ever seen.  So much to see and do here.  It's almost overwhelming.  Filled with statues and fountains.  Makes you feel like you've stepped into an actual palace.  Fabulous
3	Way over-priced.  Our room was nice and all -- but it was comped -- so it would not have been worth the $300 a night tab that would have been charged.  The casino is smaller -- and the casino floor seems harder to navigate than The Venetians...if you can imagine that.  The buffett sucked btw.  ICK.  The mall on site helps -- but like my friend Erin B. says, the only ones that can afford to shop there, are both rich and skinny.  Basically, at Caesars, you pay for the privilege of being at the "Famous and Fabulous Caesars Palace!"  Yeah.
5	Stayed at Caesar's for a convention in the Summer of 2009 for 3 weeks, and it was awesome. From the room service to the friendly staff, to the housekeeping, everything was top notch.The only recommendation that I can give to people is, whatever you do, do not stay in the Roman Tower. It's the oldest, and the crappiest of them all. Forum Tower is nice, but Palace and Augustus Towers are the two most glamorous and probably the most expensive. Galleria Bar near hotel registration is also a pretty good bar and behind it is the casino floor.
3	stayed here last week for one night, got the room for 100 bucks, so i wasn't expecting much....and the room was just average.  there's a lot to do around the property so you never have to leave, but i have to agree with everyone else, caesars is old vegas...they really need to update the rooms and the casino.
4	This isn't the real Caesar's Palace is it?-Alan from HangoverThe most celebrated casino/hotel in Vegas. I truly like Caesar's Palace; its been at the strip for a long time and has a unique history.  There wouldn't be a Vegas without Caesar's.  I enjoy shopping here and gambling.  I haven't checked out the rooms in the new Caesar's yet .  I recently saw the movie Hangover and now I am yearning to go.
4	Sir Nicholas has been going to Vegas since he was too young to gamble as part of family vacations. Naturally as soon as he was able to gamble he loaded himself up with player's cards and the benefit of this long-lasting relationship is that I can stay at places like Caesar's for quite a steal when I go to Vegas.Since it was our first time staying at Caesar's though they gave us an upgrade. This automatically means I'm having a good experience. The beds were comfy, the rooms were rather large, the shower area was separate from the toilet, which is nice if there are two or more of you in a room. And though the do not disturb lights confused me at first I eventually figured them out. Best of all they let us have a late check out of 1 pm when we called to request a little more time on our room.The downside of staying here is that you have to pay for Internet, everything in the vicinity for food and drink is pretty expensive, and you're always tempted to leave your room for a little Blackjack. Oh well, hit me!
5	I have a soft place in my heart for Caesars Palace.This was the first casino to offer me free room years ago. Every time I come to Vegas I have to spend time here. I always rub Caesars finger for luck when I first enter the casino.After all these years I still think this place is still one of the best.Love the shopping and service I receive. I just wish my luck were a bit better here.This place always makes me happy. Lots of great memories.
2	I would never stay here again and, being a travel agent, I would NEVER send someone here.I was here as part of a conference (about 80 people in about 40 rooms) and was able to see several rooms. My room had no mirror in the bedroom and a terrible view. Some of my friends had no closet--just a bar in the bathroom. Others had windows into the bathrooms, or walls so thin they could clearly hear the conversation their neighbors were having. People universally complained about the uncomfortable beds.When checking in, the president of the company was advised that we could all check in at the special "diamond" line. But when some people tried, the desk clerk sneered and told them to get back in the regular line. If you aren't there to gamble, service is pretty poor.The hotel was enormous and very poorly signposted. It was easy to get lost and turned around.The conference room was freezing and the food was *atrocious.* Food that we paid for ourselves cost an insane amount--$24 for breakfast at the Augustus Cafe, for example.You had to pay for everything--the business center, to work out...everything. LAME.I really did not like it here. It was claustrophobic, service was rude, food was either disgusting or expensive, and the rooms were terrible. I thought my distaste was because I'm not really a Vegas person, but I spent some time at the Paris which I loved (and which was less expensive). The only thing I liked was the Forum...I'm a sucker for fake sky.
4	We were offered a free upgrade at check-in, which really set our experience off to a great start.The dealers were delightful, even helping out a new gambler like me with tips and tricks!  The overall feel to this casino was as classy as it gets and I will be going back.Would have loved to be able to see more of PURE (it was only partially open on Sunday).
4	Caesars is pretty difficult for me to rate...I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could.  When we have stayed at Caesars in the past, upgrading to a suite is basically a requirement, as the basic rooms aren't much more than the rooms at a normal chain hotel.  I really like the pool area there...very relaxing...complete opposite of the one at TI, which I reviewed earlier, but there's certainly a good time for both!  I guess part of what makes me like Caesars is the history and the classic design of it.  I don't foresee staying there again in the future, but that's due to the other great options moreso than a knock against Caesars.
3	Caesars is alright.  Pros:-Big sports book-Room upgrade at check in for a $40 tip-Nice pool-Tasty bloody marys-Amazing shower water pressure-Reasonable if not "cheap" hotel room rates-Pure nightclub draws a pretty enjoyable people-watching crowd inside the casinoCons:-Food at food court not that good-"Two casinos" but they are disjoint with somewhat of a lack of what I was looking for in terms of table games-$5 rake in the poker room (usual is $4)-Rooms fairly small even in (new) Augustus tower-Pure nightclub blares obnoxiously loud music that permeates the sports book and poker room at nightAnyway, its a place you can go and gamble, which I suppose is what you came to Vegas for.  And its not seedy and sketchy like I suppose it could be.  Still, it's showing its age and is just not all that special.
4	I love Caesars Palace for sentimental reasons. It's a big part of Vegas history and lore.I appreciate how Caesars continues to stay updated & fabulous.The restaurants, the shopping, the spa, the beautiful pool & gardens are truly amazing. The staff and service is great.Why not 5-stars? Well, you have to pay for every little thing while a guest here.I'll still return to Caesars as it's my favorite. Hail Caesar!
4	this is typically our hotel of choice since we get our rooms comped and it is the best hotel form the harrah's owned - hotels (which takes up a huge chunk of the strip).,, for the most part, we enjoy our stay. certain towers have better rooms - so the augustus tower is the best one - altho they have nice upgraded rooms at the other towers as well. they are also scheduled to open a new tower soon and upgrade the rest. the pools have been revamped - so there are more pool areas to lounge around. i have only seen this a couple of times, but they do have 'goddesses' passing out frozen grapes. for gaming, they are more on the $$$ side, so if you are not looking to play big in terms of table games, you may want to visit a different casino. otherwise, the dealers are nice enough. it can definitely get crowded on weekend evenings. for food - they don't have the best assortment. the high end restaurants usually have great reviews but the buffet, cafe and other offerings are a bit sad. i do like payards (see my review) for quick sandwiches to go and pastries. the food court is so-so but a better option than some of the restaurants. serendipity is not bad. you also have the forum shops - which is nice to walk around. it has a mixture of your regular mall stores as well as high-end stores. also has a better assortment of retaurants.we enjoy our stays here. partly because it's free...
5	Mutliple simultaneous tournaments, many single tables. Room is really big and decorated with poker star posters (why don't they sign them? they all visit). Many televisions and giant wall tv projections with sports. This place is great, I just relaxed and played a $75 hold'em tournament for a few hours. I'll definitely go again when I'm back in Vegas.
4	Nice hotel, great rooms, great location. Nightlife is OK. loses 2 stars because the hotel is way too big. i either didnt want to go back to my room or leave my room cause of the walk to everything. I guess thats the point. keep 'em downstairs to shop and gamble. ok. +1 star for craftiness.
1	This review is strictly of the suite that we rented.  So after watching the Hangover, we just had to do it Caesar's Palace suite style for my good friend's bachelor party.We rented out a huge place that held our whole group and it came out to be about 800 bucks a night.  Not a bad price considering the amount of people.  We walked in and WOW, it was a dump.  The carpet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years.  There was stains everywhere.  Some people had lots of fun in this place.  There was dried vomit on the curtains.We figured we weren't going to be in the rooms that long but still.  After the first night the people didn't even clean our rooms.  And then at some point on our second day there they issued the wrong keys to another group that almost came into our place.  So they reset the keys without telling our group so we were all locked out.This place might have been the place to be 10 years ago but no more.
2	Caesars Palace's buffet totally sucks - I've eaten at nearly every buffet in Las Vegas and have got to say that it's probably one of the worst 2. It was a great deal at $34.99 for the bracelet to eat infinite buffets (deadly by the way), but the selection of the food was just poor. The omelette was decent, which is why I'm rating it 2 stars; however, most buffets there have an omelette-maker anyways. I wouldn't go back to Caesars unless it was out of convenience and with the bracelet.
4	Stayed here for the first time over Memorial Day Weekend and really liked it. The room was not as big as some other hotels I've stayed at, but it was definitely nice and up to date with the decor. The best thing about the entire stay was that we were put in the Palace Tower which is directly over the pool. The pool area is beautiful with many pools of different sizes including a pool area to gamble in. However, the Palace Tower is also super away from the casino, and the strip. Not an easy find after a night out on the strip...Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed staying at Caesar's this crazy long weekend, and I would definitely stay there again.
3	I stayed at Caesers for the first time this past Memorial weekend. CHECK IN:  We arrived around 12pm and as we were in line, there was a "check in nazi" walking up and down the line telling everyone that check in doesn't start until 1pm.  Okay...  We of course ignored here and proceeded to the next available front desk staff.  Jason was sweet and checked us in, also offering us an upgrade option to one of the newer towers.  if given the opportunity... STAY IN ONE OF THE NEW TOWERS!!   Jason pleasantly checked us in and sent us on our merry way. ROOM:  The room in the new tower is BEAUTIFUL.  The beds had pillow tops.  It was spacious and CLEAN.  My biggest complaint is that the vents/walls/etc are THIN.  We can hear our neighbors opening/closing the cabinet drawers, running the water in the bathroom, flushing the toilet, and parts of conversations through the vents.  HOUSEKEEPING:  The rooms were well cleaned and maintained.  My only gripe is that one of our robes were damaged and we called for a replacement.  I checked out 2 days ago, i'm still waiting on someone to come in and give me a replacement. GROUNDS:  I went out to catch a cab. One of the groundsmen were dusting the marble steps.  He was off to one side of the step and i slowly was going to shimmy through the other side.  He practically had an anurism and did not let me pass.  He shoooed me away to go a different route.... really???RESTAURANTS:  Went to the following places.  These are brief reviews (please go to restaurant on yelp for full review: BEIJING NOODLE 9:  Absolutely Awesome!!  Loved this place!!PAYARD:  Yummy pastries and desserts.  Kind of  a rip-off, but what do you expect, you're in a hotel in Vegas!!NERO:  Horrible horrible horrible service.  Not a fancy steakhouse...even though they pretend to be.  RAO's:  Loved this italian gem.  Food good.  Staff friendly.  Ambiance.. wonderful!! MESA GRILL:  Good... but it's fancy Southwest/Mex food.  They do NOT offer substitutes (not even egg whites vs eggs).   Pricey and you may not get full.  It's  a great location and with the Forum Shops, you really don't have to leave the compound.  Would i stay here again...... probably not.  Would i come back.. of course!
5	This is a.t.'s favorite room. And, it is an actual "room," tucked away behind Pure and the sportsbook. Cash games in the front, with a big tournament room in the rear. During slow times your choices are just 1/3 NL or 3/6 limit. When it's busy there's 2/5 (no buy-in cap) and rarely 5/10 NL. Was just here for the 12th time during the WSOP and it was packed.Con: The rake is now $5 + $1. Some of their best staff has left for other casinos. There's no Fiji. Drink service is average at best, with waitress talent on the lower end. Pro: Pussycat dancers are passing thru every 15 minutes (Thu-Sat nights). Dealers have the best mix of skill + personality on the strip. 6 tournaments daily. Noise level is the lowest, since it's not exposed to the casino noise. Player competition level is not high, the games are relatively soft. You can buy in at 1/3 NL for up to $500.
4	Great poker room!Great service!You know what?  I have read questionable reviews of the buffet, maybe I am naive because I am not big on buffets but the Caesars buffet is my favorite in Las Vegas!  Its not huge but its is on point, really high quality foods, from cheese to roasted veggies, from mixed fungi to wonderful prime rib, all sorts of high end moments of food to nosh on...I am a big fan of Caesars on every level not gonna lie!I will keep going back!
4	I have to admit, my first time staying at Caesars Palace was a little overwhelming.  I just remember going through a bunch of corridors and pathways just so that I could get to my room.  It took quite some time to figure it out and then by the time I got used to layout of the hotel, it was time to fly back home.  So it was quite an adventure really.Here's what I liked:-Lots of dining options at both the casino and the Forum Shops-Seahorse Lounge is a great place to just sit down, have a martini, and people watch-It's in the heart of the Strip, so it's pretty much within walking distance to other resorts.-Very upbeat nightlife from PURE-And for me, the slot machines are pretty forgivingWhat I didn't like:-It's enormous!We stayed in the Palace Tower and our room was cozy and had 42" plasma.  It was pretty nice.  So yeah overall, it's a great place to stay and also hangout.
2	Umm... I paid for a ok room for the price of $700.00 for 4 days 3 nights.I can't stand the fact that I lined to get to the airport, I stood in line to get my baggage, I stood another line to get to the shuttle and I STOOD in another LONGER line when I got to my HOTEL.  The other thing that bothered me is that it's not like I'm staying at some low class hotel where everyone is staying at... I mean Holiday Inn can process checking in's faster that they did.  I knew that there must be something else they are doing aside checking you... it turns out... when I finally got to the front desk... they are selling upgrades.... and that's why to took my 50 mins to stand in line to check in.  GET THIS... when I refuse to upgrade.... they told me my room is not ready yet... at this point, I pretty much lost it....after throwing a one minute tantrum.. MY ROOM WAS ALL OF A SUDDEN READY..... NEVER STAYING THERE AGAIN I EXPECTED MORE FOR WHAT I PAID... NO FREE Wi-Fi $15.00 a night... I told them that Holiday Inn and Marriott gives you free Wi-Fi and Continental breakfast for a smaller price than what they are charging.... I'm telling you... I am WILL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN, one time is PLENTY****
5	I like the accommodating room with jacuzzi. I like the fact that we were loud at 4 in the morning and no one complained. I like how easily it was to get into PURE (but i guess who can't?)I like the fact that we went from $50 dollars to $500 dollars at the craps table. I like the guy at the craps table giving away $$... wait.. I might love him. I like the waitress that comes by at least once every ten minutes. I like how we can bring drinks into the Pool. I like how Shaggy serenaded us from 3 ft away. I like the fast room service that cost a grip because we thought we're SOMEBODY. I like the fact that we were the only obnoxious people gambling at 9am. I like the pit box manager who didn't kick me out when I spilled the drink onto the table. I like you, Caesars Palace.
1	long tradition of harrahs flag ship property  Caesars....  as a frequent vagas visitor i tried just about all the buffet offered by hotels.  But my  recent buffet experience @ Caesars was soo bad  i just had to spend my time in this review. DO NOT GO THERE....  my son(18) literally said  he cant believe Caesars is serving this crap.   nothing to choose from  worse than luxor...    U'd expect to grab a drumstick and pluck off the meat....at least at Caesars..  but nothing.  Everyones faces were in disbelief.   U would do soo much better at Mirage buffet...
2	Expected better. stayed there first part of June, 2010. Booked two rooms.  The rooms, at least in the Centurion Towers and Emperors towers were very thread worn, smokey (claimed to have been non smoking rooms) noisy . Ceratinly not what I expected. Maybe in a motel. Never again. I think I'll try the Palazzo next.
5	I was with my mom, step dad and my soon to be husband looking for  chapels for our September wedding and for as many times as I've been to Vegas, I have never been to Caesar's Palace.  That is until a couple of weeks ago.  I was determined to get that long 3ft 100oz drink that i always see people carrying on the strip.  So we're riding down the strip scoping people's drinks and BAM I found the one I wanted.  We asked the gentleman where he got the drink he said "Caesar's Palace, Forum shops, Fat Louis".  We were on a mission now! lol After 10 minutes passed (looking for parking which always sucks!) we got into Caesar's Palace and .... WOW! It was amazing!! This was one of the most amazing casino's I have ever been too!  I love the decorations, the layout of the casino, and the forum shops especially!  Even the bathroom was nice! :)
1	My sister and I got to the hotel at 8PM Friday night.  Our parents warned us that their Thursday check-in experience took 1 1/2 hours so we knew we were in for a wait.  45 mins later we made it up to the counter where they only had TWO staff members checking people in.  I've never seen this at a Vegas hotel.  They had us down for a room (afterall we'd made the reservation back in April), but he indicated that it wasn't clean.  He tried for another and that room also needed to be cleaned.  He told us to come back 1 1/2 hours later to pick up our room keys.  We'd worked a full day, we were looking forward to getting to our room to freshen up before dinner.  That was not to be...We had dinner at the Augustus Cafe and food was way overpriced.  Our waiter would disappear for 20-30 minutes at a time, which meant that by the time he brought the food out the fries were cold as was the toasted club sandwich.  Felt like I was eating someone's $16 leftovers.  We waited another 30 minutes for him to bring the check.  Gratuity was included so what did he care?  Ridiculous!We were poolside Saturday, which was great!  We paid $20 a pop for cushioned loungers...a bargain compared to the rest of the seating.  We had a great waitress, Maria, as long as we kept orders coming.  After a few hours, I was ready to head up to the room and she was nowhere to be found.  When we did catch her to close out our tabs, she'd put half of my sister's check onto my tab.  When I pointed this out, she snapped "This is why it's a problem to have so many credit cards!" as though it were my fault??  I would be more understanding if she 1) didn't get snappy and 2) didn't ask for our name after each order.  We had to wait another 25 mins before she brought back our corrected tabs.  Again - gratuity was included so why rush?The room itself was located in the Roman Tower, which is obviously the older, unremodeled section.  The rooms were just so-so and resembled something that I'd expect to find in an off-the-strip motel.  Our toilet wouldn't flush so we had to have an "engineer" attend to it daily.  When we called Housekeeping for more towels it took a whopping 2 hours, which we didn't have, so we had to share.  Gross!  The cleaning staff seemed to get the majority of the blame, which doesn't seem fair.We were fortunately granted late check-out when we called down Sunday morning.  We got to enjoy brunch (delish!) and take our time hanging in the casino.  Unfortunately the message didn't get relayed to our room keys because we were locked out!  I called down to the front desk, they referred me to security who verified that we were granted late check out.  We sat outside our room for 20 minutes, waiting for security to reach us.  He was probably the nicest employee in the entire hotel.  Wished I'd caught his name so I could give him a shout out!  All in all it was a crummy experience.  I've stayed at many a hotel in Vegas and it's usually so seamless.  I never have to deal with staff and I'm able to enjoy my stay.  I left disappointed with the staff as a whole and will not be returning to Caesar's!
1	Reviewing for their Buffet:Ambiance:  roomy and airy.  I like the ambiance.Selection of buffet:  very limited (an embarrassment for the name of the hotel / casino:  "..Palace"???)  Taste of main dishes:  at par with any cheaper restaurant offering buffet (like Golden Coral)Dessert selection:  plentiful BUT taste???  Now don't get me started.  The creme inside the fruit cups had a very bland taste that I only took the fruit cups so that I could scrape the minute berries atop the cup.  The consistence of the creme varied from cup to cup so that tells me that not all dessert offered were freshly made.  The chocolate / mocha variety pudding like in small plastic cups was just blah.  I'm very much disappointed with this place, so I won't be coming back.
5	Easily one of my favorite hotels in Vegas. What I love about this place is the great variety of shops and entertainment. The overall layout is spectacular, too, with its glamorous architecture and life-size statues. My friends and I visited the pool here recently and it was awesome! Tons of space to sit around, plus there were at least 4 different pools where you could swim in. We chose to stay at the pool with the bar and card tables -- there's shade to cover the whole pool and bar area. I ordered a Pina Colada for $14, which was pretty pricey, but the atmosphere was great!As for the entertainment, the Atlantis show always entertains me, and I highly recommend grabbing a drink or snack from Fat Tuesday (few steps away from the Atlantis fountain) to enjoy while watching the show. By the way, the Atlantis show is easily my favorite out of the other shows they offer at the other fountains, so make sure you watch it -- shows appear every half hour, if I'm not mistaken.Caesar's is also home to Serendipity 3, which is an awesome restaurant/dessert parlor. This hotel is one of the best to go for shopping, since they don't only have stores that only rich folk can purchase stuff from.In a nutshell, if you're a first-timer in Vegas, you can't go wrong with Caesar's.
4	This hotel is very nice, the exterior is very pretty.  Our room was nice, clean, and had a nice shower with dual heads.  The beds were only full and we would have preferred queen since we had to share beds.Some disappointing things about the hotel, internet is not free 15/day. The food and convenience store are expensive ( I know its vegas).  Also if you don't vallett, be prepared to carry your luggage all through the parking lot, then through the casino and back through to get to your room!  In 100 degree heat its not fun :(    But all in all nice hotel and the pool is relaxing even though we attended pool party's at other hotels during most of the day.
4	Came here on a business trip, it was friendly and pretty nice room. Didn't get to enjoy the hotel much but played a few hours of poker and went to bed. Pretty spacious living and decent service while I was in the lobby and casino area. I would come again if the room prices weren't so high on a regular basis.
3	Love the decor, mostly friendly staff, excellent eateries and shopping.  Always an open seat on the gambling floor and large enough that I never feel boxed in, like at some casinos.  I had a nice 6 night stay when I was here, but I was dissatisfied with my experience for this being a high end casino.  I understand that keeping up with the Jones' has never been more true than for Las Vegas strip casinos, so I understand construction happens.  However, they shut down the pool for 2 days during our visit in the summer because it was a windy day and they feared items would fall from the construction being done in the towers.  Now don't get me wrong, I agree that if there was a chance of that, the pool should be closed, but in the height of summer I felt they should have their construction sites locked down better to prevent this.Also, I tried the $20 sandwich technique (putting a $20 bill between your license and credit card during check in and asking for an upgrade - works great at most places, even higher end ones), however, I was told that it was not necessary and the receptionist offered me a chance to upgrade for a fee.  I decided, why not and chose to upgrade.  I was pretty upset when I found out that with the cost of the upgrade plus the base rate, I was charged more than if I originally booked the upgraded room.  Nothing makes you more upset than finding out you were duped, even if it is your own fault :)
5	Definitely my favorite room for a tournament on the strip.  So quiet, secluded and smoke free.  Now if my 2 pair could hold up one friggin time.....
3	"Is this hotel beeper friendly?"One other key thing that changed between my two Vegas trips, was having seen The Hangover forty million times.  So you better believe that I was quoting it... well... probably beyond the point of being super annoying.So Caesar's would obviously be the gold standard in quotable opportunities.  "Is this the REAL Caesar's Palace?"And while it was, the hotel and casino felt a bit blander than many of the others on the strip.  It was big, and there was a lot of white marble, but all in all, I found my time, and encyclopedic knowledge of stupid movie quotes, was better served in a different venue."Gambling? Who said anything about gambling? It's not gambling when you know you're gonna win. Counting cards is a foolproof system."
5	Not much of a "tourney poker player" but the man is.... and this poker room is hands down his favorite on the strip. btw he's not a smoker.
2	This is about my 10th time in Vegas but 1st time staying at the Caesar Palace. I was so excited about the stay, we had upgraded to the new deluxe room at the new Augustus tower.I couldn't be more disappointed!!!The hotel is very fancy, and the rooms are very nice, spacious, and clean. Although, too fancy for my taste: those free snacks in the room that you get charged for just by moving them (remember The Hangover?) are just annoying! You're worried about breathing too close to them...The new tower has floors 23-36 (our section) with 4 elevators; only one operated. You have to wait 15-20 minutes to get into an elevator, each way.The service was... what service?!! It was sooo bad! beginning with the front desk that told us to come back for checkin in 1 hour, and when we came back in 2 hours the room still wasn't ready. Lago buffet - good luck getting a drink order; we had to wait about 20 minutes for a waitress, and even asked a few workers for coffee, while ignored by all.Munch bar, which will get its all glorious review, messed up our order, made us wait 25 minutes for our food (when 3 tables that sat after us got theirs already) and compensated us with a free beer. We can get free beer at the casino all day long!!!Finally, the hotel is super huge! it takes forever to walk from one part to the other. it's a 15 min hike from our tower to the pool, and another 10 min to get the towels. Oh and last but not least, the day of the checkout the maid knocked on our door at 9am. I thought it was a universal rule that the day of checkout you don't clean the room until after the people, well, checked out... and who wakes people up in Vegas at 9am anyway?!!!We love Vegas and are definitely planning on spending more cash.. i mean vacations there; but never again at the Caesar Palace!
5	Absolutely BEAUTIFUL! Im not a fan of marrying in chapels but I reccommend this place its gorgeous! My dad and his wife married here 3 years ago and I can still remember how nice it was. Really looks like a palace!
4	Okay, I have a love-hate relationship with this hotel. LOVE that their rooms are so beautiful (well, in the Palace/Augustus towers that is....) LOVE their pools, 5-6 of them? Their pools have blackjack tables in it and classic roman statuettes all over the place. It's PIMP. LOVE their Qua bath and spa.....it's soo relaxing. HATE their front desk service and the way they run the hotel. Two years in a row, they screwed up on our reservations. Even though they try making it up to us by upgrading our rooms and comps, it's still annoying that they can't get it right to begin with. The lines at the front desk are soooo long. For such a huge hotel, one would think that there'd be more than just 3-4 clerks at the desk. So there's the love-hate...in the end, more love than hate...We always have a good time at Caesars, so it's my go to Hotel when in Vegas.
1	Hmm...Where do I start? Sad once again that 0 stars is not an option. When you walk through the grounds at Caesars, the amazing "Garden of the Gods" pool, and inside the casino, you are immediately struck by the opulence in the gorgeous statues and marble columns and accents throughout the property. This all ends once you get to your room. We paid extra on expedia for an upgraded room (jacuzzi). Originally, they put us in the Palace Tower on the 6th floor. Upon entering the room, I felt like an extra in the movie "Casino".- very 1974 feel to the room. Very "old vegas". The decor looked very old, torn, retro, dark, farty. The rug was absolutely awful. The pattern looked like big roaches crawling all over the rug. The bed was the most uncomfortable thing I have ever laid on, it was like CAMPING on the floor of the forest with no sleeping bag. Awful. My back killed me when I woke up. I woke up early due to someone HAMMERING loudly, and it continued into the afternoon. The view was also laughable. We had a completely obstructed view of the pool area. There was a huge statue in front of the window and all we could see was the statues ass. Lol. Add to that, that the windows were filthy. If there was a good view, we wouldnt have been able to see it anyway. Lol. There were towels in the bathroom with holes in them, and the plastic jacuzzi tub looked like something out of a motel 6. Then we went downstairs to complain about the decor and condition of the room. The desk clerk encouraged us to pay and ADDITIONAL $150 to get an upgrade to the new Augustus towers. She assured us it was completely different from the room we had and it was brand new and gorgeous. After much contemplation, since we had already paid extra for the room we had, I went for the additional money to get into the Augustus Tower. We get all the way over there, and that room is THE EXACT SAME ROOM just a lil bit longer, had a tv in the bathroom, and a view of the bellagio fountains... Not worth $150 to us to be in what looks like the same room- Down to the carpet, comforters, etc. So we go downstairs again and ask to DOWNGRADE to our original room and get the $ back. They grant us this but are kinda rude about it telling us the WONT move us again since this was the 3rd move on DAY 1...Still unhappy about the room, and the service, we called Expedia to rescue us. ********** I dont know who knows this- but if you book through an Expedia or a Travelocity, etc you are buying a guarantee. NEVER BOOK DIRECTLY THROUGH THE HOTEL!!! If you dont like your room, or your hotel, or housekeeping doesnt come, or your air doesnt work, or its somehow not up to par, you can call who you booked through and ask to change hotels. We did this and expedia was willing to do it. They just had to get an ok from Caears. Caesars would not let us out. We were being held hostage there. Such BS. Finally after a day and a half fighting with the hotel through expedia, they let us out of the last night in Vegas and we got another hotel. Such a mess. They are supposed to refund us for the last night, and as we just got back last night, we are still waiting for that $$. Gonna have to begin the fight again from home now. Would NEVER stay there again. They pissed me off so badly, I spent 0 ZERO money in their hotel, casino and I skipped Qua. I didnt want to give them another dime. It seems that they are known for their pools and thats it. If that is enough for you, if you arent in the room often, and if your running around gambling, that may be a fine hotel for you. But after we have stayed in all the nicer hotels in Vegas, this was a  huge disappointment. Not at all luxurious or what we paid for. All their money clearly went into the lobby and pool area and not the rooms.Another thing- as soon as we left I noticed red, gross bumps all over my lower legs. It looked like I had a disease. When I got home, my mom said it looked like beg bug or flea bites. Bedbugs at Caesaers? Really? Gross.
4	This place is huge. The forum tower rooms were small but modern and nice. The bathroom was spacious and included a television installed in the mirror which was awesome. The bad part about it was that our room's view was of a wall. The Augustus tower rooms were HUGE, like twice as large as those in the forum tower. More space than necessary but it was nice. Great view too, of the Bellagio fountains. I preferred the forum tower bathrooms more but the Augustus tower bathrooms weren't too shabby. We were lucky enough to get one of the few rooms around the elevator area which are roughly ten feet longer than the rest of the already large rooms in the tower.While leaving the hotel on our way to LA, we came across an extremely buzzed man walking unstably in traffic next to the hotel by the parking lot. All of a sudden he stopped walking and we waited for him to move for maybe a full minute? He was not budging so we finally honked at him. It took him maybe another minute to respond after wobbling in place with a bottle of beer in hand...
4	Stayed at the Palace Tower (got upgraded from the Forum Tower)  - got a nice room - comfy bed with wonderful linen.  Spacious room.  Nice jetted tub.  Very clean.Try the Lord of the Rings slots!  It's lots of fun!Love the food court.  Try their Nathan's Chili Hot Dogs - out of this world!Enjoyed my stay here!
4	Just stayed at CP and have only really 1 complaint-when you check in, you'll see 5 or so people behind the desk helping customers. So you randomly pick a line to wait in- maybe get lucky it will move quicker than the line the guy just walked up to after you've been waiting 10 minutes...oh wait, he got served first.What's with the Costco style line? Seems silly a casino would even think of going that route.When I stayed at the Pallazzo- it was 1 line, moving quickly, with a guy asking your name and introducing me by last name to the person behind the counter. Maybe we dont have to go to that extremes, but I sure miss it when a casino reminds me of Costco.Rooms were nice- a tad on the expensive side, but location was top-notch.
4	Ok yes, I was suckered in by The Hangover! It looked so cool in the movie! Also the idea of lounging poolside at various pools lured me. My boyfriend and two other friends planned a couples trip for boyfriend's birthday July 5th-7th. Since we'd be staying there during the week as opposed to a weekend, I thought we'd be able to get a good room for a decent rate. We booked the Pure Package and I think we paid about $350 for two nights. The package came with 2 VIP passes to Pure, and entrance to the Fitness Center and Qua Bath Spa (which I highly recommend). I know the VIP doesn't really mean shit but I couldn't prove it because we went to Pure on a Tuesday night, so there was no line anyway. We booked a room in the Augustus tower which is one of the nicer towers. It was great! My favorite part was the bathroom. First of all, it's huge. You can re-enact scenes from Step It Up in there, take a bath and a shower at once since there is a separate bathtub, and the best part...watch tv! We had a nice view of the strip and Bellagio fountain show. The bed was comfortable. I recommend staying in this tower because it's closest to the check-in and entrance however, it's a bit of a walk to the pool.The main pool was nice. I'm a little bummed that I didn't get to explore the other pools but the heat was tiring and once I found a spot to lay on, I didn't want to move. There's a cocktail waitress to serve you or you can go to the bar and order there which also has food. Nothing like drinking a margarita and eating fried food under a 103 degree sun in your bikini.I didn't get to eat in any of the restaurants but I did see Shaq eating at Munchbar! It is nice having the shops downstairs and the location on the strip is somewhere in the middle. Minus a star because check-in took way too damn long.
4	This place is HUGE. The decor is over the top, but not super gaudy (is that possible). Stayed in a suite in the nicer, newer tower overlooking the pools. Awesome views, great access to the pools, which are as amazing as everyone says they are. My only complaint about the pools is my general complaint about Vegas: the mix of kids and naughty adults. We have children here! Please refrain from rubbing up against each other in the main pool. kthxbai.The room was nice, modern decor similar to what you'll see in nice hotels in urban areas. Very large, but a bit warn (dents in the wall from the doorknob, a kid had scribbled pen on a chair, chipped corners on the furniture, etc.). Great bathroom, but needed upgrading. The shower floor was spongy and the jacuzzi tub didn't work. BUT, at 11:30pm we called the front desk and they sent up a repair man to check out the tub - how's that for service? It worked, but then only spouted scalding hot water. We gave up after that... didn't come all the way to Vegas to take a bath anyway. TV was kinda small.Gambling is ok, good variety of things to do. Really like how it's connected to the forum shops. The shops are fun and not too ridiculously expensive to browse in. The moving statutes are entertaining. Selection of restaurants/eateries is better than most hotels. Overall, a good time was had by all. Doesn't hurt that we didn't pay to stay, either.
4	I love Caesars Palace, but it sure has changed.*I talk about back in the day like I'm in my 50's, if you couldn't already tell.*One thing I really miss is the original facade. Caesars has always been one of the tackier places, but now it's just TOO tacky. I miss the original gold plated alcove over the main entrance and I LOVED the glowing blue towers. And the area outside is just a mess. The nice gardens and driveway were replaced with that Roman Plaza thing which makes getting in and out the place kind of a mindfuck. There also used to be a HUGE arcade and motion-simulator theater in the basement of the Forum Shops. I had many fun days at those places as a kid. Good times.I'm happy Cleopatra's Barge is still around though, what kid didn't want to rub the bosom of Cleopatra's figurine?Another thing I remember is the Race For Atlantis. It was a motion-simulator thing right next to the Atlantis show(fittingly enough), now it's just a giant, gloomy open space. As for things that are there NOW, the Colosseum is a very nice theater. Not a single seat is very far from the stage. The food court next to it though definitely doesn't seem to be worth trying. And I LOVE the Forum Shops(even though I can never afford anything).Oh Caesar, I love how you're nice enough to let peons like me roam freely through your palace.
4	If I had my choice I would always stay here. For some reason I love Caesars. Im part of the rewards club so I can usually get a pretty good room for cheap. The location is the best part of this hotel. I feel like its pretty central to a lot of great things. I have never had a problem with service or anything else for that matter. The last room I had was one of the newer ones and it was beautiful . It does need an update and Im sure that the other newer hotels in Vegas have better rooms but I still love it. Maybe its nostalgia. The pool is nice, there are different sections depending on whether you want to relax or party hard.
4	Fantastic Hotel, one of the best in Vegas.
4	Caesars has been by far one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.  Here are my pros and cons about my views on Caesars...Pros- centralized location of the strip- easy access to north & south end of the strip via monorail from Bally's- clean and intricately decorated- unique architecture- very friendly staff- clean and large sized rooms equipped w/modern tech- nice selection of eateriesCons- not impressed w/the casino--could be a little bigger- self-parking too far from the parking garage- room rates are slightly higher than what I wish but no complaint- elevators are far from the casino floor and long walk to the front      entranceOverallI would stay here anytime whenever I get a chance to come out to Vegas even for a few days.
5	We stayed here for three nights in July.  We booked a room in the Fortuna Tower since we were sharing a room with another couple.  When we arrived, we were upgraded to the Augustus Tower and I have to say that our room was great!  It was HUGE for a hotel room -- especially in Vegas -- and we had a fabulous view of the mountains the pools!  I love Caesar's because it is WAY over the top (just like most everything else in Vegas!), it is centrally located on the strip, and it has pretty much everything you could want in one place.  I love the shopping, the restaurants, and the pools.  While Caesar's is somewhat more expensive than other Vegas hotels, it is definitely worth the price to me.  To have so many restaurant options available is fantastic.  I love the food court option too as it is a little less expensive and it allows you to watch the action on the casino floor while you eat.  Fun!  The group we were with was not really interested in high stakes gambling, so we mostly stuck with slot machines here.  We did it for the drinks, mostly, and I have to say that for free drinks they were really, really, really strong.  Another reason we chose to stay at Caesar's was for the pools.  We spent a couple of days floating in the water while having the friendly waitresses bring us drinks.  It was heavenly!  The food they serve is typical bar food, but it hits the spot after a long day in the sun.So, the room was clean, the staff was friendly, the pools were great, the shopping is excellent, and the restaurants were wonderful.  All in all, Caesar's in heaven in Vegas.
5	We stayed in a suite here for three nights thanks again to my gf's wonderful parents.To describe this hotel in one word is "Grand." Caesar's Palace isn't just a hotel. It's a city; I wouldn't be surprised if they had their own unique zip code.Architecture: Yeah yeah I know, it's Vegas; of course they have an endless amount of funds to build whatever they want. But still, I have to say that I was amazed & couldn't resist admiring the amount of craftsmanship put into every little inch of this place. The close attention to detail on their replicas of Rome landmarks is pretty incredible.Food: We tried a few things at their food court. The pastrami & corned beef sandwich at BARBQ with the fries from the restaurant identified with no name, but a picture of a burger. Fries were bomb, and the sandwiches were pretty good. We also got the macho nachos at Ole! which comes in a giant bowl, the two of us got full off of just that. We also tried the Trevi restaurant which sits in the middle of their shopping forum by their beautiful fountain - I'll have a separate review for Trevi soon. I haven't tried their main Italian restaurant, the Raos, but we'll mos def try it next time.Shopping Forum: The pretty much have everything here: LV, Gucci, Burberry, Tiffany's, Banana Republic, and a bunch of overpriced brands that I can't even pronounce.Pool: I've been to other pools in Vegas and I've gotta say that Caesar's has my favorite pool. There's actually 5 pools here all located in one area, but one main one. The main is designed so that it's more like a fountain, where a statue/monument type of thing is in the middle and the pool water surrounds it - quite beautiful. A small pina colada at the bar here is $14. eek. Another cool thing is they have tables to gamble at in one of the 5 pools. The players are waist-deep in the pool while they play at tables, while the dealers stand in the middle of the dry area of the pool - cool!!!Room: The suite we had here was no "Hangover" status. Supposedly we were put in one of their older towers, so the tv & technology is a little outdated. At one of our mornings the bathroom lights just would not turn on for a while. This is my one and only gripe I have about Caesar's. Regardless of whether a tower has been made recently or was the first one made, they should do whatever they can to keep even their older towers updated to keep every single one of their rooms relevant. For a place like Caesar's, updating/maintaining their rooms shouldn't be hard at all. Goodness, if they just sold one of their millions of statue replicas that's hidden away in the corner of their rooftops that nobody looks at, I'm sure it would accommodate for their fees to update their older rooms.Conclusion - awesome place to play and stay at, check it out whenever you get the chance!
4	This hotel is clean, the staff are friendly in all the resteraunts and the casino floor, and the decor is...well...gold!  i like the decor at bellagio better.  i like that this hotel has chain resteraunts in it like cheesecake and max brenners, so that i don't need to get ripped off by the cran and over priced food served at the hotel's cafe resteraunts.  we went to rao, and that was also a rip off...actually.We stayed in the Palace tower, deluxe room, having prepaid.  the room was great, their was a jacuzzi, the bed was comfortable, even though they have a cali king instead of an eastern king (ugh)!  Infact this room was EXACTLY like the Ritz in Henderson, Las Vegas.  Little things were not really maintained properly, the shower clogged up if you used it for longer than 5 minutes, the desk lamp was not working.Now here's why i wrote a review, to WARN you guys of the upgrade scam!  Like I said we prepaid our delux room in the palace tower, when we went to check in the employee who was really nice, down to earth, tried to get us to upgrade to a luxury suite in the augustus tower.  I told her i've already paid for the most expensive room they were offering how can it possibly be an upgrade, she said, and I will QUOTE, "Well with this room you will get a jacuzzi and flat screen tv, and views of the bellagio fountains from your window" all for an extra $30 a night!  Fortunately my husband said no.  We got upstairs and we had a flat screen tv, we had a jacuzzi so the only thing that Ceasers was selling us was the bellagio fountains!!!  I was really pissed off, i tried to get connected to the front desk manager to complain (there is never ever a point to complain in vegas, there are just too many people for management to care), but the wait was too long and since I knew there would be no point in complain I just said forget it and took it as a lesson learned - ceasers staff is very nice but they intend on ripping you off!!!  I'm going to email this review off to the Bellagio though...they might be interested in knowing that Ceasars is making money off of their fountains, maybe they can get a cut!
4	I was so excited to stay here because I loved coming here to go shopping when I was younger. Shopping at the forum is great, not the best anymore but when I was growing up this was the place I saved my Christmas money for. I would go on a shopping binge with that saved up money. Anyways, staying in the actual rooms was great! The rooms were spacious and there are little hot tub baths. Pretty impressive. The pools were amazing. They were fun to hang out around and the group we were with rented a cabana and we all had a great time hanging around and having some shade when needed. I loved it! The pool is what made the trip so fun, I didn't stay out too long because the sun seems to zap my energy, but for the two days that I spent out there I was not disappointed. Service around the pool is great too. The only thing that bothered me was that every time I had to go to hotel registration for anything, I was in line for a good half hour before I gave up because it was not moving. It was very irritating. I waiting in line for almost 30 minutes for them to tell me that I couldn't get a new room key (I accidentally demagnetized mine) because I was not the one who rented the room. On the bright side, at least they were not going to give keys to random people so I felt a little safer. Last thing, this place is ENORMOUS so set aside some time to figure out how to get from place to place just within the hotel, it is a pretty massive hotel.
5	Beautiful hotel!! Rooms are really nice.
4	i came here for my best friend's bachelorette party.  we booked our rooms through a travel website and got a great rate for our rooms in the forum tower.upon arriving at the main entrance, i wandered around the lobby area looking for the forum towers.  the signage was confusing so i had to ask an employee for help.  i shoulda known that the forum towers would be located by the forum shops (duh!).  the rooms were adequately sized and the beds were oh-so-comfy!  since we had a full itinerary for the weekend, we never really got a chance to spend time at the pool; although we made time to check out the forum shops which is every shopper's dream!  all these amazing stores, just make sure you have enough $ to shop.  otherwise, it's just a tease!staying here was great since it's right on the strip and pretty centrally located to all the great clubs and restaurants.
5	I love playing here. Comfy chairs. Attentive cocktailetresses. Dealers and bosses on point. English ONLY, means English ONLY!  Hahaha....Talent is ok. Mostly tourists at the tourneys. Lots of home players coming to play. You can see how nervous they are both in their faces and the fact they get their pocket Js cracked by my 85 off because they didn't raise my blind and let me see the flop and catch 2 pair. :) Definately a more pleasant atmosphere than the Hollywood Park crowd I'm used to. Buy in of $70 is awesome. Payout structure is decent. I've played twice so far and cashed once, and just barely made the final cut the second time around. The location of the poker room is great. Right at the entrance off the Strip. Right next to the Sports Book. Right around is the bathrooms. And the fact that the poker room is an actual room is an even greater appeal. The tourney times are very convenient too. Multiple times and at least 4-5 tables the two times I've visited. If I'm playing a tourney, I'm coming here first.
4	Went for my 21st birthday, got upgraded to a forum tower suite 23rd floor overlooking the pools. 2 bathrooms with an entrance to a double shower headed shower in each bathroom. Huge tub, tons of mirrors and closet space. Beautiful room, within walking distance of the best hotels. Had the time of my life.
2	Do NOT bring your satchel to this place!I decided (poorly) to bring my Harrah's play to this hotel. I am a rated Harrah's member, so get the standard RFB comps. After staying at their "Flagship" I am honestly thinking about switching to the competition. If this is the best they can do, I need to move to MGM or someplace else that will respect our play better.I understand I'm not a 7 star rated player... but you never know, I could be one in a few years... I booked a room in the forum tower, smaller and modern decor. When I got in, I was moved to the Roman tower, 3rd floor. My view was of the pipes, outside access staircases and the side of a building. At 2:30 I discovered that the shower was not working, neither was the drain. I called and asked to move. They told me they would send an engineer up to fix it and they were completely booked.Anyway, after about an hour or so of waiting, and the engineer telling me that he was going to need another 45 minutes to fix it, I asked again to move. All of a sudden they were NOT fully booked and I was moved to an equally old, not renovated mess. The only reason I am complaining about a free room here is because of the LYING, the BROKEN SHOWER, and the SHOVING ME IN A FAR WORSE ROOM THAN I CHOSE online. If I knew that was going to happen, I would have stayed at PH like normal.My host will hear about it, or not, as I may not be back to Harrah's at all.
3	The sportsbook here used to be the benchmark for watching & betting sports.  But on my most recent trip at the beginning of September, it absolutely sucked.  The casino is a bit drab and has that old Vegas feel.  But the poker room is great and there's plenty of great eats here, including Bobby Flay's Mesa, which was great on previous trips, but I didn't eat at this time.Still, a fun place to play, but their prices on rooms are a bit out of whack to me.
3	Got 4 nights of a comp room at Caesars. Unless you upgrade they put you in the Centurion Tower, which is the older but renovated tower. The room was pretty large as it fit two beds and a couch. No desk. The bath was huge though - the size of a studio apartment in New York City. No ice machines in this tower so whenever you wanted ice you had to call room service and they would wheel it up. If you stay in this tower, do not stay on floors 30-32 (the first 3 floors in this tower). The tower sits right above Cleopatra's Barge (nightclub) and multiple people had told us that the could hear the club into the wee hours of the morning. The pool at Caesars consists of 3 pool areas. The pool bar is long, there are in pool blackjack tables, and massive beds at poolside that you can rent for $200 a day. The chair area is cramped and get there early to grab chairs. The sun also hits the pool at a weird angle, so only half the pool gets sun. The hot tub is the size of a small pool. All in all it was a good stay. But who is to complain since the room was free?
4	So what do 6 handsome young men do in Vegas at noon on a Saturday?  We go to Caesar's "tops optional" swimming pool, of course!First of all, they must have recognized game, cause all of us got in free.  Secondly it was RAGING!!!  Great music, great scenery, decent service and the SUN SHINES ALL DAY, BABY!I highly recommend visiting this pool the next time you are in LV!
3	Went to the Pussycat night club at Caesars Palace.   We were on the guest list and didn't have to pay to get in the club and good thing cause when we did get in (10 minutes or so wait) it was dead!  It was about 11 or so Wednesday evening, but ha it is Vegas!  The club itself was beautifully and the decor was awesome. Portions of the club was closed the roof top was open and that is where the dj and dancing was taking place, which was amazing; over looking the strip of Vegas with all the lights..  There was no chair or seats open anywhere.  Only for those that have a booth and I was not dishing out $1500 bucks to sit my butt down for a few minutes in between songs.. The club itself was okay, nothing great, but like I said we also went on a Wednesday evening!!!
3	The best thing about this place are the Forum Shops. Otherwise, we have hung out for shows and treats here and there. The ice-cream store on the first floor (can't remember its name) has some pretty darn good ice-cream, tons of choices and toppings, even though quiet expensive... Walking through the shops truly resembles a summer stroll under a perfect, blue sky.
3	As resorts go, Cesar's is OK. Expensive, easy to get lost in, and over the top with faux Roman decoration. The service varied between being good to indifferent. The wait staff was pretty good when I ate in the Lagos restaurant for the buffet. It was more hit or miss with the front desk. The front desk is very, very long with clerks scattered along it. Except for the one line marked "Keys and Mail" , you queue up in front of a clerk except if a supervisor is working. Supervisors tend to avoid making any eye contact and thus avoid helping you. My room was on the 67th floor. It was clean, spacious and had nice amenities like robes, make-up mirror and two shower heads in the bathroom. There is also a TV screen built into the mirror which I found distracting even with the TV off. I was attending a conference. The rooms were good, but I also found out you pay through the nose for every item like $300 for Internet access. Ouch! I'd only come back if I was there for another conference.
3	4 stars with 1 star deducted for the super loooong check-in.This is one of the nicer casinos on the strip with clean and big rooms.  The beds are comfortable and they generally upgrade you to a room equipped with a jacuzzi for free.  Plenty of lights and mirrors to facilitate our vanities.One complaint is there's always a long line for check-in because they take 15 minutes per person to check in for some odd reason.  That's just unacceptable.The buffet serves the same things as most buffet except it is relatively cheaper and no line.  I only care to eat the king crab legs anyways and the quality of that is the same as other buffets.  I also tried the sandwich at their deli.  They toast it for you if you want it hot.  I was STARVING so it was probably one of the most delicious sandwhich I've ever had.The ceilings are high enough for you to ignore the smell of cigarettes in the casino.  Overall, a good experience.  If you join the Harrah's club membership, you might be able to book this hotel for free!  And free is good.
3	Omg, It took FOREVERRRRRRRRRRRRRR & a day to check in.  There were at least 8 counters open so the line for each counter was short, only 2 - 3 people in line. Do not be deceived! Once you get in line, you'll realize how long it is to check in.  At least management know people were getting cranky and walk around offering water bottles. Pshh, water bottles. Maybe if you had free sushi I would be less cranky...The hotel is huge with different towers so it can take a while walking from place to place. It's worst when you're walking around in heels. Beauty over pain! The things I did like:+spacious with high ceilings so you don't smell the smoke+nice decorations, lots of photo ops+jacuzzi in the room+nice bed with comfortable pillows
3	When we arrived, I chose to upgrade our room to the newer Augustus Tower for an additional $50 a night. Well worth it! Our room was beautiful and large, and we had an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains. The hotel is in the middle of the strip, which makes exploring Vegas a little easier. We did the South end one day, and the North end the next.My gripes:I could NEVER get in touch with concierge!When we arrived there was still a rollaway bed in the room that we had to have removed.Last morning there, the water in the shower was COLD! Not a good impression to leave...
4	This place is huge!!Very roomy casino.  I only played a couple of slots here, mostly walked around the forum shops.  Love the seahorse bar, complete w/seahorse aquarium.
4	I've stayed at 25 plus hotels in Vegas over the years and I have to say that, year in and year out, Caesars is about as good as you are going to find. They have great restaurants and shopping. The people are nice. The rooms are just fine. It has pretty much everything you need to experience Vegas. The Venetian has better rooms and THE Hotel is a little bit trendier/ hipper but, for the total package, Caesars is as good as there is in Vegas.
5	even it has been one of the oldest hotels in the strip..still has its great interior design and depicts the Romans architecture..awesome!!
1	I would have given 0 stars if I could have. I've stayed in several Vegas hotels and the experience I had at this hotel was almost as bad as my experience at the Stratosphere. The only difference is that the Stratosphere is dirt cheap and this place is an overpriced, overhyped joke. I had paid in advance for an upgraded room. When we got to the room it looked like something out of the 1970's. There was an ugly rug that had a pattern that resembled roaches. The window was dirty, the view was obstructed, the tub was plastic and worst of all the bed was hard as nails. We woke up with sore backs. We also woke up to the sound of hammering at 8 in the morning. UNACCEPTABLE! This place is a fortune. I could have had an experience like this at a cheap motel off strip. You might as well be sleeping on the floor. We tried too add money and get a more upgraded room but that room was just roomier with a non-obstructed view. Same 1970's decor, same hard as nails bed. After that we got our money back and went back to our original crappy room. We had tried the biggest upgrade we could get and still thought it was a joke. This is one of the priciest places to stay in Vegas and it seems that all the money went into the lobby and the pool area. The pool area was impressive but there were not enough free chairs for people to sit in. I understand every hotel wants to make as much as they can but this is just an insult. The pools are very pretty but still not worth all that you have to put up with. We had called expedia to try to get out of this hotel stay. These travel sites have a guarantee and will do their best to change your stay if you're not happy. We had done this before but Ceasars would not let us out. They held us hostage until the last day. Extremely rude people. At that point we had decided that we wouldn't spend a dime there. It's a shame that they have to resort to such tactics to get people to stay at their overrated and overpriced hotel. We had to fight for days just to get out of our stay on the last night. I wouldn't go back even if it were free.
2	I was unimpressed with Caesar's Palace especially since Caesars Palace markets so much hype behind its name.  I was expecting more upscale hotel common areas, lounges and casino floors. We even had an updated room in the Palace tower, but it still didn't make up for the less than appealing casino and tacky common areas.  I was also expecting a customer service oriented hotel/casino staff that most people would expect from any hotel in the US.   We really enjoyed visiting and gambling at the Bellagio, Wynn/Encore, and Planet Hollywood (all of which had much cheaper rooms when I had booked CP).  The Bellagio and Wynn/Encore felt and looked (and smelled) 4-5 stars and that is what I had in mind when I booked Caesars. In my opinion, Caesars Palace is a 3 star hotel if you stay in the newer towers.  2 star for the Roman tower rooms.   The poor guest service, outdated 80s lack luster casino areas, and thick throat constricting stench of the place really brings Caesars Palace down. Sure the marble and statues are nice and some areas are nicer than others, but Caesars Palace as a whole is disappointing.  The place reeks of cigar smoke and an airfreshner that is a mix of kitty litter and sunless tanning spray.  The sports book is lacking in a huge way.  If the prices for Caesars were more around $169 or less than it would be a reasonable place to stay.We paid $330 a night to stay at Caesars and for that price we could have booked the Bellagio and received true Vegas luxury throughout the hotel and casino.    Our room was not comped or discounted.   Our trip was pre-paid and set up through a travel agent.    We were there Nov.4- Nov.7, 2010.    Check-In was horrible.  As seeing how they have over 3300 rooms, Caesars Palace should be experienced with how to check-in guests efficiently even during the busiest times...that is their job as a hotel.  There should be no excuse for how we were treated like second class citizens upon check-in.   I was very patient, polite and kind to the check-in staff during my dealings with them.   We waited over 7 hours to check-in.   I called to talk with a manager after our return home to let the hotel know about our check-in experience, and the supervisor I talked with could care less.  Apparently, having to wait hours for a room is par for the course during busy times and the hotel doesn't care.  The supervisor chalked it up to being busy and that they have to deal with travelers all of the time (Hello... what hotel doesn't have to deal with travelers??)  It seems like the hotel staff and bar staff and casino staff assumes that everyone is comped and getting a free room because they are the most uncaring and apathetic lot of staff I have ever dealt with at a hotel.   Our palace tower room was nice, but outdated some.  The casino was lame and slots were tight.  Cocktail waitresses were unattractive and rough on the edges.  This is not the hip place in Vegas to be.  The Forum Shops and Forum shops restaurants are nice. Dont be fooled by the marketing.  Caesars Palace is a rip off!  There are several other casino hotels on the strip that are much higher quality and updated, with better customer service, and the same price or  much cheaper than Caesars.
5	There is nothing about Caesars Palace that does not scream Las Vegas. The rooms are all good, clean, and way above average...though Augusta Tower is much better than Palace Tower.There are great dining options, including big name chefs. The shopping is spectacular...I can get lost inside of the Forum Shops for days at a time!!!I am a Diamond member at all Harrah's owned properties, so parking is a cinch. However, if you are not then don't expect any valet parking on the weekends. Self parking is convenient enough...but hey, it's Vegas so I valet every time. The table games are always busy and the Poker Room is secluded, which makes it unique. The table limits seem to be a bit more than other casinos, but I guess that's the price of admission. Don't expect to find any $2 Blackjack tables or even a $1/2 game in the Poker Room. Caesars Palace is a must...and worth visiting every time you are in Vegas. It's classic, iconic, and a must-see/stay!!!
4	The gambling area fit the whole Caesar theme!! Loved it!! Very live and staff was very friendly =)
3	I guess the days of free drinks are over in the Sports Book.  That said, Caesar's is one of my favorite books, with about 8 huge screens for various events plus another pair for the ponies.  The chairs are very comfortable if you can get a seat, otherwise it could definitely stand to be expanded, which I am sure will not happen.A great place to watch a game.
4	Let's see beautiful hand painted ceilings, immaculate gardens and landscaping, outstanding setup for the "high rollers", wonderful shops.....magnificent sculptures and artwork....fabulous food choices...albeit very expensive though....etc.....I think you get the picture. The renovations they have done over the years are nothing short of spectacular...so if you have a little money to spend for at least one night a stay at Caesars is a must. Eat, Drink and Be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	Not a bad place to watch sports if you can find a seat.  VERY VERY minimal seating at this sports book & they are totally anal about you sitting in the racing section to watch the big screens.I don't mind hanging out here because I love Caesars Palace but there are other sports books *ahem, M resort, ahem* that provide better viewing experiences.
3	I'd really give this place 3.5 stars. So first with the positive. The palace tower room was gorgeous. I got upgraded to a suite and I never wanted to leave the room. The decor was modern yet functional. Lots of space - like 700-800 sq feet. There were two bathrooms - one with just a sink and toilet, the other with a sunken in jacuzzi tub and toilet with a bidet. The bathrooms were adjoined by a shower with dual shower heads. Disappointing there was no free in-room coffee or tea. Had to pay like $15 for it.There are lots of restaurants and shops at The Forum in Caesar's Palace. You don't even really need to leave the property.Now on to the bad. Check in was terrible. First my room wasn't ready when I arrived at 1 pm. Fine they held my bag and were supposed to call by 3 pm when it was ready. They never called so I went to the front desk at 4 pm and they gave me my room key. Right when  I walked in the room reeked of smoke though I asked for a non-smoking room. I called the front desk and they tried to move me way across the hotel. I refused so thy finally gave me the min suite in the palace tower. So once I had my room I was fine but he check in was just awful.My friend checked into her room via text from her email confirmation and just walked up to the bell desk to get her keys & she checked in early. So that's probably your best bet because the front desk check in was bad.
3	This is the first time I have stayed in a hotel in Vegas, and honestly, I think Caesar's Palace is over rated. I was woken up at 4 AM because a bunch of drunk idiots were knocking and yelling for the person next door to us. It wouldn't have been a big thing, but there is a space under the room door that let's a lot of noise and light in, plus everything echoes into the room from the hallway. Also ATM fees are tiered for how much money you want to withdrawal. For about $100, you pay about $4.95 plus you own bank's surcharge. Another annoying detail, the gym use fee is $25 per visit. So what is the point of having a gym. Another issue was the room we received wasn't the room we booked through a discount size we used, a little frustrating. Positives: lots of little dance rooms, slots are fun here, this seems to be the place to go if you want to party. There is even a mall inside the hotel and I had some super yummy lobster chowder from one of the little concession stands.
2	This is about the room. I was in the Palace Tower last week. It was fine. It could have been in Peoria. There was a bed, a desk, a chair, a servi-bar, a couch, a bathroom. Nothing spectacular. No cable on the TV. I was told by others who were staying there that the hotel doesn't want you to stay in your room; they want you to gamble. The bed had pillows, blankets. The bathroom had shower, bathtub, toilet and sinks. Absolutely nothing special.
1	Customer service at check-in is horrible..unfriendly. the only reason why chose to stay at this hotel is b/c it is pet friendly. the hotel provides bowls and mats for your pet and a big of doggie treats. When i arrived, I was told at the check-in that i need to pay additional $50 for two nights b/c i have a pet, BUT i provided the receipt to the front desk that I already paid for that with the room that i reserved (Pet-Augusta Tower). the room that i reserved already includes the pet fee but the lady said no..that's not true. After 20 mins going back and forth...she finally went to talk to the manager and she came back to apologize for her stupidity. Next, she said i have a 1 king bed for you... i said NO..i reserved a 2 Queen Beds...then said that's not what i have. she eventually gave me a 2 queen bed and then she said...what time do you want house keeping to come by. I said..i do NOT need it... then she said.. NO, it is required that you have house keeping so what time. I said..i do NOT know what time b/c i don't know what my schedule is tomorrow. i have never heard of such requirement. Next..went to the room, there was NOTHING for the dogs...no treats, no bowls..etc. etc. went to the front desk...and asked them how come we didn't get any treats or doggie bowls/ toilet bags etc...front desk said..we don't offer that... and then i said...look at your website..it says it comes with it!!! after an hour...someone stopped by the room and asked what we need... i said pet supplies bowls and treats. she said... what are treats?? i don't know what treats are. i only have cookies for dogs. i was like OMG!!! Treats = Cookies idiot!!! so frustrating!
1	Take a cab to the shops and restaurants, but for the love of God, DO NOT STAY HERE!We just spent Thanksgiving weekend in Vegas where my wife's family lives.  We thought we'd make it into a nice vacation too and got a room at Caesars.  We'd never stayed here before and were really looking forward to it.  It started off pretty good, then rapidly descended to one of the worst stays I've ever had.When we arrived, the Valet sign at registration said it was full.  WTF?!  I told my wife to just stay there and I ran in to get our room.  I upgraded to the Augustus Tower Deluxe room and ran out.  Luckily, the valet went ahead and took the car and it was a relatively short walk to the room.The room itself was actually really nice.  Great jacuzzi tub and a nice bed.  The pillows were worn out feather pillows that needed to be replaced, but the rest of it was nice and had a cool modern look.  You have to pay for the coffee, which I thought was pretty ghetto considering every other hotel I've ever stayed in gives you free coffee, but that's the kind of crap I expect in Vegas.Then things start their rapid decent.  We ordered room service.  My stomach has still not fully forgiven me for that mistake.  We got fried chicken and a chicken soup.  The soup was good.  The fried chicken was something that they pulled from a KFC dumpster, stuck under a heat lamp for 5 hours then took up to our room.  It came with a discus... oh sorry, that's right, it was a biscuit.  Took a bit and a liter of water later could finally resume conversation.  Eating a tablespoon of all purpose flour would have been preferable.  Needless to say, we stuck to the restaurants from then on -- Payard is actually quite good.Then next batch of horror was coming and going to the resort, since we were visiting my wife's family we had some visiting to do everyday.  Well, the valet at registration was ALWAYS full!  So they made us go to the colosseum area -- on the opposite side of the resort from our room!  It was at least a 15-20 minute walk every time we needed to go back and forth from the car.  Had I not upgraded to the fancy new tower, maybe that would have been better, but as it was it made us dread coming back every day.  Long day, exhausted, sleepy -- no worries, have a nice 20 minute walk, cross two separate elevators, go through two smoky casino areas to get to your room!  Methinks not.The other horrible thing was the room was making us sick!  Seriously, the second morning of our stay both my wife and I woke up congested and had a sore throat.  Later in the day we realized that it was the heater!  We would start to feel better and then the heater would kick on and we started getting congested again.  I turned it off and opened the air vents on the window and we both started feeling a lot better.  Ultimately, I think that saved me, but unfortunately my wife got a full on cold that I blame on Caesars.  Maybe it's because they are still doing some construction on other parts of that tower?  I don't know and don't care, it's unacceptable.Sorry for the long review, but really there are lots of great places to stay in Vegas so why deal with this kind of BS.  I know next time it's back to Bellagio for me...
4	I love Caeser's Palace, especially the shoppes... The shoppes are an upscale place that you can definately spend a pay check or 2 @ ;)  There are great places to eat and even better places to shop! Check out Max Brenner's if you haven't already, the hot chocolate is great! Also check out the only Nike Town, the only one in Vegas to my knowledge... Also they have Burberry, Louis Vuitton and Coach for all the fans of that, plus a whole lot more for your wallet and stomach ;)  Happy shopping!!!
3	This was my first experience staying at the ol' Palace. I must say that if I had a choice I wouldn't have stayed here...because I know the table minimums are not MY minimums but, who gambles where they sleep anyways?We stayed in a room in the Roman tower and while it left something to be desired it was definitely ok. I love that the Forum Shops are right there although I do wish the food court in the hotel were...better....alot better. As it was...pretty terrible.My favorite thing about Caesar's Palace? The customer service!!!!! I got lost like...10 times? Nobody ever got annoyed. The people ALWAYS introduced themselves and gave me perfect directions. I live in Austin so a smile to me means "excellent" customer service.
3	We had a bit of a problem at the cafe. If by the service we got from the cashier & host at front of buffet, I would have rated our experience at 1 star or less. But I went to look for management and ran into someone in a suit. He was talking to a coworker but stopped to listen to us. I believe his name was Tom, he then spent about 10 minutes on his cell to get someone. A guy from Food & Beverage Dept came down, Scott, he listened intently to our story. He then went to the buffet front station, then came back to us and assured us things have been taken cared for and won't happen again. If only based on Scott's service I'd give 5 stars.
4	Visited Caesars during our anniversary last month and i must say it is a very impressive hotel and casino. I went over to get my free medallion and as i was walking through  the casino area I noticed all the Greek heritage located everywhere throughout the establishment. The only problem i had with the place was that it was very dark in the casino and shopping areas....doesn't have a lot of natural sunlight that shines into these areas. The lobby is awesome and while the pool areas were closed...the pools are immaculate....a must see for sure. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	I think the only thing this hotel has going for it is it's location. That would be the only perk to forking out the serious $$$ to stay at this mediocre hotel. Don't get me wrong, the place looks beautiful and the rooms were actually quite spacious and clean, but the reason for the bad reviews are mainly from the HORRRRRRIBLE customer service. Here's what happened to us on our 4-night stay:1) We booked 2 rooms, one with just 1 bed and another with 2 beds. We show up at 11am to at least reserve our rooms and check in early. When we actually show up and get to our rooms, we get both rooms with just 1 bed. After going back dwon to the desk to get the CORRECT room, they tell us they are sold out and cannot fill our request...NO...NOT A REQUEST...OUR ORIGINAL RESERVATION!!!! Then they tell us we can call in the morning so that they can switch us into a room that has two beds...AND EVEN THEN THEY COULDN'T FULFILL OUR FRICKIN RESERVATION!! They had to bring us a roll-away bed for the remaining nights. ALREADY -1 STAR!!2) Now, every hotel has valet...BUT I HAVE NEVER...I MEAN NEVER....been denied access to valet when I was a guest at the hotel. That, in my opinion...is UNHEARD OF. They told us that we could use the Colloseum valet, but that would mean we would have to walk all the way around the hotel to get to our room in the Augustus Tower...not worth it. MINUS 1 1/2 STARS!!3) Now I know I shouldn't be too much of a big deal, but when I went to the Players Card services area to reprint my card, the lady went all POWER TRIP on me and actually told me, in a VERY HORRIBLE ATTITUDE, that I should not be so careless and not have it near any other credit cards or a cell phone. I mean really, how are you supposed to carry around those cards and not have them near items you carry everyday. Minus 1/2 star!4) THEY DIDN'T CLEAN OUR ROOM ONE DAY!! I mean ok, we did leave our room at 2pm, but when we left, the carts were still out there and there was definitely no "do not disturb" sign left on the door. -1 another star. So there you have it. I would be very reluctant to return here, especially since they charge INSANE prices in comparison to everyone else. You are definitely not getting what you pay for. I'll stick to my usual Venetian/Palazzo. Or almost ANYWHERE ELSE for that matter.
4	Awesome. Caesars Palace opened in 1966, but you'd never have guessed.Full size statue of David in all his gloryAWESOME pool(s). 5 total. One topless. Damn those mattress beds pool size are comfy.Blackjack tables IN the poolFriendly woman who comes around refilling water while you are eating in the food court. That's service.Avoid the check out line, converse with the gal at the end of the line and receive your receipt via email. score.Mike Tyson was not in our room, nor a ChickenPS - the black hat conference goers are no joke. They hacked into my computer, back in San Diego, via my laptop in Vegas. Impressive, guys.
4	I tend to be loyal to brands, people, and even hotels. I used to be an MGM girl but I think the tides have turned and my new place to stay is Ceasars. The service is always on point, the cleanliness is above average, and you can't beat the pool(s) deck. It's centrally located and the rooms have always been nice. I never hear any noise once I shut the door. My new Vegas home is Ceasars Palace.
5	Alright, I gotta admit that this has got to be one of my top favorite hotels. The employees are so friendly and very helpful and that is what's most important to me because they make you feel so welcome as if you were right at home.Aside from that the place is HUGE on general. They have a food court, high end shopping area (if your going to shop be prepared to make a dent in your wallet because it is very high end), and they're are many restaurants and cafes to pick from. My favorite tower is the Augustus tower - away from the casino and all the smoke. Augustus cafe has the best onion rings ever but that's a whole other review (:The Augustus rooms are beautiful! It has a very vintage modern look to it. The tub is a jacuzzi! There also is a TV on the bathroom incase you get bored brushing your teeth or taking a bath. Love this hotel!
4	It's big.  It's the classic.  It's upscale.  It's well situation in the middle of the strip.  Long walk from the parking garage but that is true for most Vegas properties.
4	This place is worth going to, as a tourist. Mini shows, shopping, restaurants... It's got it all...I love going to Express, MAC, looking around at Nike shoes, Fat Tuesday, Aldo accessories, and samples at Max Brenner ;)More stores available and lots of good backgrounds for pictures...
4	I like this casino/hotel. I've never stayed in the hotel but its a great place for tourists to take lots of pics - with light shows and to get Fat Tuesday refills you can watch said light show. Hard to understand everything they say in the shows which I've seen several times, too many to count - and still have no idea what they are saying. The casino is attached to the forum shops - with all kind of high end shopping to be done. Ooh and if you are a boxing fan, the other night we saw they showing the fight for free in the sports book. Unfortunately we had out-of-towners that didnt want to stay unless they could sit.? pshh. not me. I needed to stand after that great meal @ cheesecake factory!oh and by the way "this is not the "REAL" Caesar's Palace."This was where I spent 4th of July this yr. Great fireworks and snowboarders showing off their talents. I always make it a point to go thru here when I make it out to the strip. that being said. drinks @ their bars can be pricy. $15 for a mojito that tasted like Crest. No thanks.
1	When my friend told us we had a free room at Caesars Palace, we were excited to finally stay here. We arrived at 3am, checked in and told us they were out of double beds. Single beds were the only thing available, they told us they will give us another room the next day with the double bed..... but for our trouble they will upgrade us to a deluxe room and will send us a roller-bed. Room was tiny and you just cannot compare with Venetian or Palazzo. BUT its understandable knowing the fact that Ceasars is an older hotel than the two. But i guess we were just spoiled by Palazzo with their awesome room.... It was 5am, roller-bed still haven't arrive. Called the front desk and they told us our ticket request is still in progress. ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!! We all fell asleep and woke up.......and guess what, roller-bed still not here!!! We went to the Palace Station and ate at the Oyster Bar..... Highly recommended to go and try it there, everything is so flavorful and yummy. Its our tradition to eat there everytime we are at vegas..... When we try to valet our car back at Ceasars, they told us since the lot is full and we r not a diamond or seven member, we had to go to the Colosseum valet to park our car.....whateva..... Went back to the room and called the front desk about our doublebed. Long story short, no doublebed room, no notes on our account about changing room.......if i want to talk to a manager, I had to come downstair and ask for them.... ARE YOU F*@&ing kidding me!!! What kind of service are they providing????? After I hung up on them, 2 minutes later......knock knock........rollerbed is here!!! After 15 f***ing hrs later. So bull@%*& We were ready to head home the next day, so we packed our bags and headed to the valet. When we walked out......our car was parked on the curb and it said valet was closed. We saw an employee and told them that was our car......they told us we parked at the wrong valet and there is a $20 fee for leaving the car overnite.... ARE YOU F*@&ing kidding me!!! Ceasars, we r not ever ever stayin at your place again, even if the room was free....It was a horrible experience. Your service to us was outrageous. So disappointing, I have no comment for you!!
3	Classic new Vegas. A must see and Caesar shops are great. Parking is hard though and not easy to access. I have never stayed here so I can't comment on the rooms. The sports book needs some major love though. It is pretty much in a hall, hard to get a seat which are just roped off swivel chairs. The book really needs to readjusted somehow and it is not comfortable or a place I would like to spend much time betting.
4	Sue me - I kind of loved it. It's just so over the top in that Italianite - gilt - fake columns kind of way. Over the top ostentation at its finest. The grand entrance, the cloudy muralled ceilings. They have a great Gap store in Caesars to top it all off. It's just HILARIOUS and Vegas is best when it's hilarious! Also, some of the best food is here, incl. Max Brenner's "the Bald Guy" from NYC.
4	i overhear a lot of conversations that involve many quotations from the movie, "the hangover" when walking around caesar's palace.  i seriously think the people that go to caesar's now live to reenact the movie.as a gambling hall, caesar's will take your money.  as a place to stay, i think staying in the forum tower is worth it as it's newer, but it's really pricey just for a night (fortunately i get comped rooms).  as a place to eat, eat anywhere besides the buffet.the decor is somewhat mixed; some tacky, some classy. but hey, this place is classic las vegas, so no matter what caesar's will always be a palace.Specialty: Taking your hard-earned money (duh, it's Vegas)Recommendations for first timers: Ask if Caesar really "lives here".Service: 7/10 Variety: 8/10, Parking: 10/10 marc out.
4	This hotel/casino is a great example of good investments over time.  For decades Caesar's has been a top tier property in Las Vegas.  Here's why:- It has consistently changed with the times but never strayed from it's target of being a top notch hotel.- The Forum Shops is one of the best shopping malls in the world.  It has a collection of shops that are unrivaled in such a small space.- The number of food options allows for any diet or preference.- They've remodeled many of the old rooms and have built a new tower.  They've been able to stay relevant by doing so.- They have some great nightlife options.  Pure is their anchor nightclub.- The location in the center of the Strip allows you to wander around Vegas and experience both the old and new side of Vegas.This is a must see property for our out of town guests.  They've never left disappointed.  I enjoy coming down and shopping at the Forum Shops, which I do 5-6 times a year.Will I return?  There's no doubt about it!
3	Kitsch, gaudy, gilded awesomeness with high-end shops that will thrill everyone, from the poorest, paupered window shopper to the wealthiest bizzle on the block!
4	This review is for the Casino only.A great place to play Black Jack.Excellent dealers, professional staff and classy old school Vegas.Check out the Egyptian ship at Cleopatra's; it's actually floating.
3	We stayed at Caesars Palace for 5 days/4 nights.  We had what they called a Classic Guest Room.  One big bed, 2 sinks, 1 toilet, shower, & tub/shower.  No bathroom door - I guess for people with wheelchair but really no privacy in the bathroom area.  Tiny TV & blowdryer in bathroom.  2 rolls of toilet paper!No coffee pot so couldn't make my oatmeal packs.  They have a coffee stand downstairs so people had to buy coffee $4+.View - could see the Rio from a far.  Nothing special.Huge hotel.  Forum Shops downstairs.  Lots of restaurants downstairs too.  Munchbar skip it: http://www.yelp.com/biz/munchbar-las-vegas#hrid:CHX86xMBwnSzXGA7n7MHWgSerendipity3 - Skip it!http://www.yelp.com/biz/serendipity-3-las-vegas#hrid:T_pmHN05z5kxpguPVDfP8QSelf parking FREE & pretty easy to find parking.
4	You can't go to Vegas without strolling through (and leaving your money at) Caesar's. It's pretty much the ultimate Vegas hotel. Great, spread out casino floor, mediocre food court, but the Forum shops are awesome! Cheap stores, expensive stores, they have it all. And make sure you stop at Fat Tuesdays when you've lost too much money, their High Octane yard long drink will make you forget just about everything. Can be kind of embarrassing, but oh well. Make sure you don't make the same mistake that I did. Limit yourself to 1 yard long drink a day, for your health. Seriously. The regular rooms are decent. I've never seen a suite but one of these days I hope I'll get comped one!
5	Best stores to shop at love the interior and theme. Every time I come to Vegas I have to go in and walk around at least.
4	Caesar's is a 5 Star Hotel that still caters to the rich and famous.  It has been featured in countless movies from Rain Man to Casino to The Hangover.  This used to be the hotel to be seen in and in all honesty is making a big come back.  Caesars is old but they have expanded and modernized the entire property a number of times.  It also goes to mention that the Resort Property is absolutely HUGE.  The pools, the restaurants, the glamor,  and the shows are still first class.  The rooms have all been redone and are very nice now.  They did a great job in making everything modern looking with decor and amenities.  The Forum shops are still the best in my opinion with all the Designer names mixed in with upscale stores.  This hotel is always full with a good mix of people.  I bumped into Jay-Z (literally), NBA stars, actors etc here throughout the years.The High Roller reputation that his Casino holds has been earned and solidified for decades.  It has over the top Roman decor but has kept up with modern times surprisingly well.  It can be intimidating gambling here as more fortunes have been won and lost here than anywhere  else in the world.If you are a VIP this is still a top 5 hotel, if you gamble especially poker you will be in heaven, and if you are a high roller you will be treated like Caesar here.
3	Sightseeing location #1: Caesars Palace+: the forum shop is enormous; delicate sculptures everywhere; large casino; a walkway across from las vegas blvd. to the hotel itself, which provided me a great opportunity to snap a few nice shots on my dslr-: compared to the other hotels, Caesar's Palace is more of a place to shop, rather than sight-see.
4	For how old it is they have surprisingly clean rooms. This is having lived in one of the older towers as im sure the new ones are still fairly sterile.Harass addition of pet friendly rooms have made them a definite choice when visiting with (my sisters) dogs.
1	Casears palace seems a bit overrated.ive been staying at this hotel everytime i have a family trip out here and some of the rooms are nice and some are completely horrible. The only thing that i would make me rate this place as one star is because customer service i.e valet annnnd bell boys are fucking rude. They do NOT greet customers with a smile nor do they treat you with good hospitality. Valet denied us even though we were diamond members and bell boys talked down to my dad when he was checking our bags in.bell boy even had the nerve to question why we tipped him what we did.excuse me? He doesnt even derserve a tip for how he treated us! He should be thankful we even tipped him! THANKS CAESARS FOR A HORRIBLE WELCOME AND GOODBYE!
4	I've stayed at caesar's several times now in different towers. Each time I was happy with my accommodations. The people here are nice. The rooms are clean. Overall, a pleasant experience.They have a nice pool area with several pools.  I also was here for a convention last year and I enjoyed the accommodations as well.  This place has a lot to offer, from the casino to the pool to the clubs and the dining options, you don't really ever have to leave the hotel.  The poker room is nice because it is non-smoking and the dealer are nice there too.  The housing staff are also very accommodating and if you need a cot there is no charge and they bring you blankets and pillows upon request.
4	its more than a casino and hotel. they have shops and restaurants inside, and club pure. serendipity is conveniently located right outside the building, so you can go downstairs and get some frozen hot chocolate!the hotel is really nice inside; very spacious and classy looking. they have very comfortable mattresses and pillows so its easy to fall asleep and not miss home! pool area looks pretty too.
1	When I placed my reservation over the phone, the gentleman was nice and helpful.  He informed me that if I add about $80 or $100 (not sure the exact amount) to my original reservation, I can get a larger suite in the Augustus tower.  I placed the reservation, he sure sold me.  I received an email confirmation that did not give the details of the room I reserved, it simply gave a confirmation # and explained that I can set up a text message service that will provide for a quicker check-in.  I signed up for the text service and I was so excited to use it and know that I can avoid the check-in lines and go straight to the bell desk to pick up my room keys.  Upon arrival, the bell desk claimed my keys were not ready and to continue to the platinum members line to ensure faster service.  I waited in the platinum members line for over 15 minutes, not one person came to the desk to greet me.  After 45 minutes of what was supposed to be the "fastest check in"  I was finally greeted by staff who said they will check me in. By the time my reservation was pulled up ( an hour of wait time had passed)  he gave me keys to a regular room.  When I noticed he wasn't directing me to the Augustus Tower as promised, I quickly mentioned that I paid extra for that type of suite.  He questioned me and asked if I had any proof.  I told him when they sent a confirmation email, it says nothing about Augustus, so I have no proof, other than the extra price I paid for the room.  Another 3o minutes pass, several arguements, and a lot of disappointment occurred before the check in attendant finally found my correct reservation. This is completely unaccepatble.  I dont understand why Caesar's doesn't automatically send an email confimation including the correct room reservation?  Or why the computer system is not updated correctly.  Either way, after a huge mistake like that happens at the resort's expense, the customer MUST be compensated somehow.  After such a stressful and aggravating check in, I went up to the room to settle in.  Only to find dirt and nasty body hair all over my bathtub! I had to clean my own tub before I got in.  This entire experience was very disappointing and unsettling.  I called management and notified them of my experience.  They took $100 off my reservation, which did not solve the problem or satify me one bit.The ONLY reason I would ever come back to stay here is because this is the only hotel on the strip that is pet-friendly.
4	I really like what Caesars has to offer, but there isn't really a lot of value here in their accommodations when you compare to, say, Palazzo or Aria.  Sure, the location makes it nice, but still can be redonkulous pricing.  But still, it's a great place to stay at if the price is right.Now if you do stay here, I recommend the Augustus Tower, which is located next to check-in.  Otherwise you're gonna have to hike your shit through the casino maze all the way on the other side of the hotel to your elevators.  Augustus rooms are kinda like mini-suites, not nearly as big as Palazzo but I think run the same price or even more...so again not worth it unless you're getting a deal or bribing the checkin to upgrade.  Good views of the fountains from here.Forum shops, Pure, and the pool are cool things to do.  Serendipity out front for you to indulge your choco desires.There seem to be alot of hookers that hang out here in front when you're walking back late at night...so if you're looking for some hoodrats or "just a mouth" to entertain you, stroll on through.Pai Gow: I've had some good runs here (once got 4 straight flushes in about an hour)  but unless you can hang with the typical $50 mins, this ain't the place to play.  I'd only come here when starting out or if I'm up already.  Cool dealers too.  Crystal is funny as hell.
4	This is has got to be the best hotel. I love the architect of this area. It really inspired me to go to Italy someday lol. The statues and all the stores were amazing.
3	We took advantage of a mid-week deal.So despite the accolades from The Hangover, and the hotel being known for being a little more on the high end, their filters for clearing out cigarette smoke from the hotel leaves something to be desired. Our floor was smoke free but we could still smell it.Other than that, we really enjoyed the room. It was a Forum Tower Suite which had an OK view we could see the Rio in the distance but there was also the parking lot and walls to contend with. The bathroom had a hot tub, separate shower, and smaller bathroom off the main entrance of the room (which we took full advantage of!). Also, it had insane closet space, the bed was comfy and huge. The LCD TVs were just okay but who watches that much TV while in Vegas?It's a bit of a walk through the hotel to get to our tower but it's close to the Forum Shops (hence the name of the tower) so that helped.Location of the hotel itself is unbeatable, the minute you walk out from the lobby you're on the Strip.We ordered room service on our last morning there (too lazy to look for options outside and had a flight to catch). It was really tasty but costly. Totally worth it if you don't have time/energy.Overall, I liked the hotel and would recommend but the cigarette smoke might lead me to stay elsewhere.
4	Beautifulll hotel! :) I loved staying here because you could do just about anything without having to leave your hotel lol :) I also loved how it was in the heart of the strip:)
3	I'm rating the hotel as a place to stay 2 stars (poor value) and the service, restaurants, Qua spa and shopping 4 stars (consistently good to excellent quality and decent value for Vegas).  I just stayed here with some girlfriends for a 3 day weekend.  We loved the location and that Caesar's had so much to offer, but the room was nothing special, and I won't pay full price to stay here again.  The 2 bedroom suite we payed about $1000 a night for (Fri-Sun) was actually a 1 bedroom suite plus an adjoining regular room (a bedroom with a TV and a small bathroom).  It was comfortable, but not impressive.  Cons: The decor was plain and outdated, the TVs were old and crappy and there was no view.  There were Krurig coffee makers in the rooms but you had to pay $12 to get 3 K-cups at the honor bar (getting nickle and dimed while paying $1000 a night to stay here = not cool and not classy!).  There is a fee to use the fitness center ($25 per day), a fee for wireless internet, and the pool was closed despite the weather being perfect for laying out =(.  The hallways smelled of smoke.  There was a mini-fridge stocked with drinks, but no place to keep our own snacks and drinks cold and no microwave.  Pros: The master bathroom was impressive, and the beds were comfy.  The couch was also large and comfy.  They will bring you a mini-fridge on request (we didn't take them up on this, so I don't know if they charge extra for it).
4	This was my first time staying here since I was a little kid and I loved it. Being centrally located on the strip was a plus. It meant that everything is really around you and within walking distance. The farthest casinos away from you are the Encore and the casinos around the MGM. Other than that, everything is close.The casino is spacious and never really seemed super crowded even during the peek times Friday and Saturday night. My room was awesome with a huge bed, flat screen tv, plenty of space and a double shower head bath.The hotel itself seems geared more for the adult crowd. I didn't see a whole lot that kids could do but that didn't bother me. Walking through the Forum Shops was fun with their 120+ stores. I am sure if you wanted to find something to buy, this would be the place to do it. Their food seemed a little limited as they really didn't seem to have some of the fast food type places if you wanted a quick bite. See my review on the buffet to see how that went. I loved staying here and would gladly come back here at any time.
5	Ive visited Las Vegas 12 times since January 05, and ive stayed here each and every time.Great Location. Ideal.  Great access to shopping and additional restaurants with their forum shopps mall.  Lobby is as classy as any.  Quality people stay and gamble at Caesars.  Limited trash.  Drink Service like all casinos slow.Garden in the Gods Pool area now the best on strip unless you want to avt like a 19 yr old retard.  Roomy. big. 8 pools to choose from. Clean. Great expensive cocktails.Poker room best for tourists on strip.  Roomy. Friendlly staff.  Isolated from smoke and slots.  cheap tournaments all day long.Seasoned dealers with good array of games.  Right limits as too keep out the trash.Accomodations are very fine.  Just make sure they dont give u old rooms in Roman Tower...slip check in person $25.  Ask for Augustus(newest) or Palace tower(refurbished).  Augustus bigger but Palace just as nice with extra toilet anf better proximity to pool and casino. Flat Screen. Marble. JAcuzzi.  Coffee table and couch.  What more u need in vegas?Lastly, I have personally e-mailed Caesars President Gary Selesner twice giving him feedback on his operation after last two stays.  Not only did he answer promptly, but the responses were extensive and not generic.  That shows me he cares.  And thats they type of operation i want to do business with.
3	If you want to live like a king, don't stay at Caesar's. I was not impressed with my three night stay. Granted, it was for business, and CES on top of that. Still, I've been much happier at other hotels like Wynn and MGM at that same crazy time of year.I was sharing a room with a colleague, so we were a little bit disturbed that there was a window between the bathroom and our room with two double beds. Who gets a double room and wants a bathroom with a window?? We're clearly not sweethearts on a wild romantic getaway.The TV was a late 90's RCA and broken too. No desk. No couch. Ancient heating/cooling system. We requested a room change once my colleague discovered we could hear every word coming from our neighbors next door.The new room was a little more updated, but felt kind of stale. Still no desk. I was not impressed as a business traveler and would have been even less impressed if I was staying on my own dime. I'm sure a premium room would have been comfortable and palace-ish, but my accommodations were certainly not fit for a king, let alone a tired website editor just trying to get some work done.
3	Had a four night stay in the old roman tower.  Newer rooms and except for the old tv room was nicely and newly furnished. Really soft pillows.  There was NO door on the bathroom   Room was clearly designed for couples but if you are shy about showering or going to the bathroom be warned. Toilet is in a corner but not privateService ok.  One bad thing there were two small old probably blood stains on the carpet.  Food comes out. This had not. More gross the anything. E mailed and called hotel. Still no response three days after we leftGreat poolDecent food but pricey and except for Mesa grill pretty standard fair.  Coffee shop good but horrendously slow.  20 minutes to get a bill.  If clearly caters to large parties and known customers. A fun old time place with a history and some flaws.  Really 3 and a half stars
3	One of the better, cleaner hotels in Vegas.Stayed in a room (in the Augustus Tower) that overlooked the Bellagio and Strip, great view to see the Bellagio water show, but note that every time the water show happens, it sounds like thunder.  Room was clean, spacious.  Walking anywhere in Casear's is a haul though, .5 miles to conference center .75 miles to Forum Shoppes. With a number of great restaurants and bars/clubs it's easy to stay here for days on end.
4	I love Caesars Palace. Just my opinion, but I think they have the best general common areas. The casino is huge and they have plenty of interesting and fun shops. It took my friends and I couple hours roamed around the Caesars. I think the only downside is that they are not connected to any other hotels and after walking so much, it will be nice to be able to just hop from the Caesars to another hotel. P.S: Wear your most comfortable shoes. Your feet will thank you.
5	I'm a deal taker. I usually go to Vegas on a Sunday so the rate is lower than the atmosphere is on the strip. Love Love Love the stores there but this review is more about the stay. Went for CES 2011, attended the event last day, and the room rate that Sunday was like 200 bucks cheaper than one night ago, so I booked a room for only 76 plus tax. A great deal for Caesars Palace.. Upon checking in I found out they only gave me a room on a lower level so I couldn't see anything outside the window. But it's OK. I don't wanna see that every time I go there.Remember last year Harrah's Entertainment promotes a lot on their decision to eliminate resort fees? Well no resort fee on their properties but you'd have to pay Internet if you want access in your room for about 15 bucks per 24 hour period. In fact you can't even stay in your room for 24 hours and you can use your phone to browse the Internet, why should you pay for that ridiculous charge? When I go to Vegas I just bring my laptop to a Starbucks on Paradise and sip the drink while checking emails, so there's no way I'd pay for that rip-off. But I was just so tired that day and didn't want to make any move so I just decided to be kind enough to them as I got a good deal on the stay. Oops but the wireless on my side of the floor wasn't working I soon found out so I called up the front desk and they transferred me to COX where they solve all the technical problems. The gentleman I talked to over the phone was very nice but after several rebooting both on my computer and their router, they still couldn't solve it which left me the only option to use the plug-in cord. a great excuse to tell the front desk to comp the Internet charge for me which they did. Nice.. oh and the people at CES gave me a badge for free so I didn't even have to buy a student pass. Thanks a lot. So remember people, just make a call and they could sometimes waive the overpriced charge because as a human they know it's unreasonable too.oh can they PLEASE STOP DESIGNING SELF-PARKING, HOTEL CHECK-IN and TOWER ELEVATORS EACH ON a VERTEX of a TRIANGLE? I'm tired of walking so much every time I check into a hotel. And Caesars you have the most confusing direction signs I've ever seen in Vegas. Not everyone likes to go straight to their room from the helipad..
4	This is for the BUFFET.Although it was a very small buffet... EVERYTHING I put on my plate was DELICIOUS... Well besides the yogurt but I didn't know it was PLAIN yogurt... I thought it was vanilla. But I ate every bite of each plate I had and was satisfied to the t!! The server was decent and earned her tip!! :) It was the last buffet that we decided to go to for our wrist band. I loved the breakfast/brunch and definitely loved the french toast!! YUMMMM!!!!:)
4	Surprisingly enough, this was my first time I ever stayed at this hotel.  Why?! This place was awesome! Hence the fact this is an older hotel it's still up to date with on a lot of cool stuff! One of the biggest night club in Vegas (Pure) and Celine Dion was there! We stayed at the Augustus Tower which was not great, but not bad for the price *cough*cough*FREE!*cough*cough* My heart still belongs to Wynn/Encore, but a change in scenery would be nice.
2	Gaudy old school Vegas. This is the place you want to go if you feel the need to be in the company of fanny pack wearing mid-westerners, and camera toting Japanese tourists. It's not my style and the marble statues everywhere do nothing for me.The snack I had there was far from spectacular and way overpriced. I wont return for the food or hotel accommodations. I don't know much about the casino, I had lost all of my money by the time I visited here.
2	For a place like this in vegas they should really check there pinying on happy chinese new year.
4	I've been staying at Caesars almost every Vegas trip for the past couple of years and overall it is an excellent hotel.  I can't speak for the other towers but the Augustus and Palace towers are worth staying in.  I've heard the Centurion is one tower to avoid... Overall service has always been excellent.  I actually don't think I've received bad service over the past two years - which is actually pretty amazing. The casino is large so there are always open tables to play.  There are multiple bars around as well to just relax and drink.  The spa Qua is really nice and relaxing.  Best of all Qua is very large so it doesn't feel crowded.If you go there make sure to ask for an upgrade to the Augustus tower.  Will definitely go back.
5	All i have to say is the forum shops are the it place in Caesars its not the place to shop on a budget. But just to walk thru and sight see all of the beautiful things here and not to mention the cheesecake factory is bomb!! i would most definitely say stay here but go shopping off the strip at the blvd mall that sit blocks away from the strip on Maryland parkway if you are tryna stretch your bucks  here in vegas!
3	Caesar's is where we stay for most of our Vegas visits.  We have only stayed at the Forum Tower, except the last visit (last week) because I apparently reserved the wrong tower (I should never make a reservation in the middle of the night after waking up from a dream of Vegas).  The Forum Tower is very nice (comparable to the Wynn and Bellagio), including service from the time of check in to check out.  The Roman Tower is ok.  In addition, I noticed a disparate treatment (not sure if it is isolated or not) when I stayed at the Roman Tower this time.  To make the story short, not only was service so so, they attempted to downgrade us to a different tower.  However, after logically arguing (how can the rooms be the same when the pricing is different) with them, we got our room at the Roman Tower.  We will be visiting again in two months (we made sure it was the Forum Tower that was reserved).  Hopefully, I can give this rating a four or five star.
1	Three of us checked in to Caesars on a decent deal that we thought was a great deal.  After walking from the parking lot to the lobby which we schlept our luggage approximately a half mile (No exaggeration)  We checked in and schlept  the luggage for another half mile.  We got to our room opened the door and found it to be occupied.  Tired of walking, I contacted a maid and tried to explain the problem, after she realized what I was saying she stated "that happens often"  I telephoned the front desk and was immediately given an upgrade.  So I had to return to the lobby and get the new room key.  We were directed to a new tower.  Upon entering I noticed the room looked nice.  When going to take a shower the shower tile was full of black mold, the water drained slowly and the previous residents hair was stuck to the drain.  Several phone calls to fix the problem and plenty of exasperation.  12 dollars for 3 k cups of coffee, 25 dollars to use the gym, internet was not free (i used my hot-spot so I don't know the cost)  7 dollars for a beer in the refrigerator, but considering that was the price for a beer at the bar at least they are consistent.   The prices throughout the casino were high, this caused me to leave the Casino and go to a casino that at least had decent prices.  A beer at a local casino was $ 2.75, I put the rest into the slots. Caesars is too big to fail!, and to big to manage.  Wynn, encore, mirage is much better.  Caesars should hire Steve Wynn to decorate the place.  Might help, though i'll never go back.
4	We didn't stay in the hotel at Caesar's, but he did eat at the buffet downstairs. Out of the 5 buffets we had on the trip, this was the best! Our server was fabulous, and the food selection was great! My only complaint is that they did not offer cotton candy for dessert like the other buffets! :)
4	what happened to the Caesar's Palace Poker room reviews?  that's what my review was for. now it's just for the hotel itself. oh well. still a fan.
1	I always look forward to Vegas trips. Though I don't like to admit it, I get all excited and giddy days before! I'm not too picky when it comes to hotel accommodations. I've stayed at hotels ranging from Circus Circus to Polo Towers to The Wynn and almost every other hotel in between. But I have never experienced such terrible service as I did at Caesar Palace. I had booked 3 rooms for the weekend and was told the rooms will be ready by 4 pm for my friend to check in. By 4 o'clock  only 1 of the rooms was ready. No biggie though, I didn't need the room immediately. At 6:45 pm my sister arrived and tried to check in for the other 2 rooms, front desk told her house keeping was cleaning the other rooms which will take about 10 minutes, the rooms will not be in the same tower with the first one because there are no rooms available and the rooms will not be next to each other. WTHECK?! Really Caesar Palace, is it that difficult to arrange for 3 rooms to be in the same tower at least?! Anyways, 10 minutes roll by still the rooms are not available, 30 minutes later still nothing, 1 hour later still nothing... 9:30 pm and still my other 2 rooms were not available. To make matters worse, I had 8 guests waiting- not able to grab dinner and not able to get ready for the night out! Finally I arrived at 10 pm and was furious because the rooms were "supposedly" still not available. After throwing a fit and almost on the verge of throwing the front desk man into the fountain, the rooms were magically available and incidentally next to one another. To make matters worse, they only offered the rooms to be complimentary for the night and an upgrade with kings beds not 2 twins. In conclusion, Caesar Palace can offer bad customer service so be aware if you decide to stay here. They overbook the rooms and do not prepared to accommodate their guests when they are over capacity. So aside from the whole rooms ordeals, I don't think I can stay at Caesars Palace in the future again because the rooms definitely need some upgrading, the selection of food/places to dine at are minimal, wow it's quite a trip from the parking lot to the hotel and Oh Yea, service can be a hit or miss. The only thing I really liked/looked forward to whiling staying at Caesars Palace was the pool and checking out.
1	Being a Vegas local, I would recommend to go else where.  I had had the impression that Ceasar's was one of the premier resorts on the Strip and I found this to be incorrect.I had a conference this past weekend at Ceasar's and had a room in the Roman Tower.  I am aware that Ceasar's had recently built a new tower, but in my opinion, they should have spent the capital upgrading the original towers.  The room was nice enough, but I have been in Comfort Suites that were nicer.  There was mold in the shower and hair on shower walls and ceiling.The first night, I froze in my room.  The second night, I turned up the thermostat to find that the vent was only blowing cold air.  I placed a call to Front Desk and a serviceman called upon my room 90 minutes later (around midnight, when I had a 7:30am meeting the next day for my conference.)  The on the second night, the electrical breaker blew in my room and I, temporarily, had no electricity in my bathroom.
3	Another year, another MURTEC and once again it was held at Caesar's Palace Convention Center.  As far a convention space is concerned the hotel is great, but staying there for a convention is hectic at best.I arrived in the morning and attempted to check-in.  It was well before 3pm so I wasn't expecting to be put in my room but I wanted to leave my bags with the bell desk at a minimum.  I was booked into the Forum Tower which isn't the newest tower but it is remodeled.  It was the tower that was built in the 80's if I'm remembering right.Like I expected the room wasn't ready, but I was told they would call my cellphone when it was ready.  It came around 2:30 and I hadn't gotten a call so I checked and the room was already ready.  I don't mind this but if you're not going to call, just tell me 3pm.  Don't let me find out later that the room is already ready and you haven't called.The room itself was nice, I was at the end of the hall on floor 59, which i believe was floor 9.  I had a room that faced the strip, although on floor 59 you're looking more at the top of the Colosseum than the strip.  Like they said, it was remodeled recently.  There was a 40ish inch flat panel on the wall, 2 cordless phones, king size bed, a chase lounge and overstuffed chair.  The bathroom was also nicely done.  There was a over sized shower stall, a separate water closet for the toilet, and a 15in TV mounted in the mirror.  They also furnished two robes and had a safe in the closet.If I was gambling only or wanted the shop at the Forum I wouldn't mind staying here.  For a convention its hectic, I would have preferred something in City Center like Mandarin or Vdara which are calmer to say the least.  The Convention space is just awkward to access and requires wondering through the expansive casino and back hallways of shops.  Its clear that access to the convention space access was not part of the original focus of the resort.Aside from the hiccups with check-in, the service was top notch.  I needed a new iron and they brought one to the room within 15 mins.  The checkout process was easy and could be done from the room, the front desk or the guys with Ipads in the front desk area.I personally wouldn't stay here on my own personal trips to Las Vegas.  I think there are newer equally priced places that aren't such a cluster.  Having said that, they provided a good product (Forum Tower or newer) and good service.  If you want the crazy hectic Vegas experience and a good strip location, stay at Caesar's.
5	I love this hotel. They have so many statues. All the employees are great. It's never too crowded. I gets crowded but it isn't as bad as some of the other casinos on the strip. Beautiful atmosphere!
5	Love this hotel!  My friend got comped on the busiest weekend and scored three rooms.  Two of them were adjacent, so it just made staying there that much more fun.  Double room, beautiful view of Bellagio fountains and rest of the strip.  Casino downstairs had reasonable limits during the day.  i want to be back there!!!!
4	Caesar's Palace probably has the best location on the strip since it is smack in the middle.  The poker room is large and gives me a very comfortable feeling when I'm playing in it.  The rooms, and hotel, is a bit old in general, but they have been well maintained and I spent some time soaking in the in-room jacuzzi to try to sweat out all the alcohol.  The drinks here (free ones that you get gambling) are probably the best along with Bellagio's.  The slot machines though they don't have too many of the new games and I usually end up going to other casino's to get my jackpot on.
5	This place is phenomenal. I love Caesars Palace. It's my favorite hotel on the strip. It's nice and has a good shopping area and great clubs. Beautiful new pools and the mini suites are perfect for us!
5	"Just Say No!" has been around for years to protect our children from drugs.  Well, if you are over 18 there is one drug you must try...Absinthe, the best show at Caesars Palace.  If you want to hear Celine...watch Titanic.  The best entertainment at Caesars is this "trip" of a lifetime, without a drug test. The venue is a 1800's wooden/stain glass tent from Belgium, set outside at Caesars Palace.  The interior is dark and mysterious with wooden chairs around a small stage and a bar.  The air is that of a freak show and you are waiting for the Elephant Man to come out. Go early and enjoy the whole venue, which includes a very eclectic outdoor lounge filled with artwork and sculptures that are a cross between a haunted house and Alice in Wonderland. The New York Times has called this show Cirque du Soleil meets Rocky Horror.  The acts are so intensely entertaining that you are either crying from laughing or praying on your knees that nobody gets hurt from their amazing feats of acrobatics and stunts.  This show is by no means for the timid.  The performers are so talented and death defying, you experience that sensation of driving by a car accident where you don't want to look but you just HAVE to.  Just say YES to Absinthe!
4	Great ambiance.  Forum shops are great for designer labels.  Waitresses were quick to bring drinks at the slots.  The buffet sucks.  We went there for brunch and it was more like a continental breakfast.  Couldn't get my coffee or champagne refilled.  Had to go to the server station and do it myself.  Paris brunch was way better but the lines sucked at both.
4	Review for casino and ticketing only:I've been to Caesars many times for shows and I've always found it to be an interesting place to people watch.  I like the different ways to get to the Palace and Forum casinos and how people I'm with often seem to get lost without proper directing.I was here today to buy a ticket for the new show "Absinthe."  OK, off to the box office by the Colosseum.  Nope.  Try check in.  No  box office.  Ask the concierge.  Oh it's outside by Serendipity 3.  Who knew?  Well they did.  And then, the box office doesn't open until noon, so I sat in the shade and played Angry Birds.The box office attendant was great!  She was very competent and helpful.  Now for the show in another week.  I can't wait!
1	WORST Vegas experience EVER! Where do I start?? First of all, my husband was attending a conference, & we made our reservations for a King room 4 months in advance at the conference price. When we arrived, we were checked into a double TWIN room. When we made this mistake known to the front desk they told us; " we are very busy with another big conference & near sold out. We can see if tomorrow we can accommodate you better". It was late, & we were both very tired from the 8 hour drive, so we agreed. The next day in between my husband's VERY important conference, he attempted multiple times to remedy the mistake. Each time he was told "well, maybe we can change your room this afternoon, after housekeeping? But we are near sold out, so we just don't know". At 1 pm the second day of our stay, we were given another room. We packed up all our stuff/luggage & made our way to the next, supposedly correct room.......MUCH to our dismay, this room was also......you guessed it.....a double TWIN.  So, we slupped our luggage BACK down to the front desk to AGAIN attempt to rectify the mistake. FINALLY, on day 2 of our 3 day stay.....we obtained our correct room. Albeit, the crapiest King room they probably had, with a view of the dirty/dusty, pipe filled roof of the "good tower". The wall was PAPER thin, & the drunk guy next door kept smoking in his room despite the wing being "smoke free". I could actually SEE the smoke wafting under the adjoining door (that incidentally, his drunk ass kept trying to open, day & night). Each time we encountered the front desk person of the hotel, we were met with smiles & apologies, but little else for these logistical mistakes. I mean, seriously??? Doesn't the computer system KNOW which rooms are TWINS & which are KINGS?  Seems simple to me??? Also, in the land of complimentary hookers & cocaine......all we got was a meaningless "sorry" from the front desk for this kind of minimum wage worker folly of errors??   At least toss us a spa credit or something???  For what we paid for this place....you'd think they could actually get the damn reservations right? With all the competition & places to stay in Las Vegas....shame, SHAME on "Caesar's Shack" for their lack of customer services & mediocre facilities. I WILL NOT be planning another stay at this craptastic place EVER again!! Do yourselves a favor & stay next door at Bellagio or even at one of the older places like Luxor.....I bet you'll get some ACTUAL customer service.....
5	We got off to the wrong foot. The man at registration was rude. YADA YADA YADA. My stay was fantastic so I didn't knock off a star for that. Problem was resolved quickly and painlessly. So i was off to my next adventure!My room was in the palace tower (I'm pretty sure that was what they call it). It was very nice. I had a lovely view of the south strip and could see the fireworks at Treasure Island. I also had a nice view of the west side of the Las Vegas valley. I went to Cleopatra's Barge (which I haven't been to in probably ehhhh a long time) and had a nice time. Not exactly a night club but fun in a very relaxed RETRO way.All in all, the Palace will always be "THE" Palace.
3	Decent accommodations. You should expect more for the price, but it's certainly not bad. The room was spacious, but a bit worn. Amenities were few and far between. Apparently you need to upgrade to a suite to even see a flat screen television. Lighting was kind of awful in the room, too. Bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was much larger than I had anticipated. TV in the bathroom was a nice touch, but that just made me wonder why they couldn't spring for a decent TV in the main room.
3	This was my first time staying at Caesers. I was invited by a friend who has membership to the Diamond Club so my stay here was not your typical stay. My first thoughts were this place is huge. It took me a day to get my barings and to figure out where things are located, how to get back to my room,.etc.. This place is too big for its own good. Very easy to get lost in here. The Diamond Lounge was ok. Best thing about ti was the free drinks, but they served up some lousy food. Caesers has a great location on the strip and is close to many activities. Certainly not a bad choice for a place to stay in vegas. I'm not much of a vegas person so I cant really be too objective, but for the most part nothing negative to report about Caesers and overall it was an enjoyable stay.
4	Four stars for a free upgrade to a fat suite because our room wasn't ready in time.One star for the jacuzzi tub.One star for the amazing four fauceted shower (massage functions, baby)!And two stars for the flat screen TV built INTO the bathroom mirror.Sweet!
3	Caesars is best for the pool, spa, and shopping. There are also some great restaurants. But the rooms leave something to be desired. And I'm not a particular fan of gambling here. The whole property is extremely large and sometimes even overwhelming. Beware: getting lost inside this casino is not a hard thing to do.
3	First time at ceasars palace and It was a long walk going back to our room from the front of the hotel. We did have two showers but they were joint together with see through glass doors which made it hard for both bathrooms to be used at the same time. It was also an inconveinance for us to park on the other side of the hotel property  because not just the front valet was full but the back valet was full too and we were not able to get a bell boy to help us with our bags to our car. Overall, I rather spend my stay else where.
3	Caesars is the icon of Las Vegas.  It represents, for those that know the history of Las Vegas, the pinnacle.  Times change, and how they change.The '60's are gone.  The days when Sinatra, Sammy Davis, Jr. and Dean Martin were the big shots is long gone.  Caesars has reinvented itself and has done a good job, but other casinos are raising the bar.  In fact too many to mention have raised the bar.Caesars is enjoyable. But it took too long to check in. The convention area is a long, long walk and confusing too.  It's now more of a mid-level property than the 'high roller' or luxury hotel of the past.In many ways it is now a mainstream, middle class hotel living on a reputation from almost 50 years ago.Nonetheless, not a bad place and someplace you'd be fine with bringing the wife or girlfriend.
4	My reason for being at Caesars Palace wasn't for a bacchanalian bachelor party resulting in a destroyed suite, Mike Tyson's tiger, and a naked Asian guy jumping out of a trunk.  My girlfriend and I weren't staying at CP.  We were there for the Vegas Uncork'd Grand Tasting by the pool.  What is there to like about Caesars Palace?  Pretty much everything! Yes, it has the standard array of table games, slots, and video machines of various minimums. What separates CP from the average (and newer) casino/mega-resorts is that it possesses old school Vegas charm, but also has an abundance of modern-day cool.  It's distinctive in that it possesses a fine selection of world-class restaurants, high-end retail, and a first-rate entertainment venue.  CP's stable of restaurants reads like a Who's Who of the culinary world and is certainly the equal of the MGM Grand and Venetian/Palazzo in terms of quality and variety of eating destinations.  If price is no object, I highly recommend Guy Savoy, Mesa Grill and Bradley Ogden, in that order.  The Forum Shops are a bit rich for my blood, but it's without a doubt one of the most interesting, high-end shopping venues in the country.  However, despite all of its goodness, Caesars Palace is not perfect.  It possesses one huge flaw...Celine Dion.  Really?  Celine Dion?  Why?
5	Caesars Palace is one of the best Casino Hotels in Las Vegas. I've stayed twice before and would return again. Last visit, I stayed 4 nights and attended a convention for work. The room was clean, elegant, and comfortable. Staff at the front desk and throughout the hotel are friendly and hard working. You get what you pay for, and in this case, pony up: Caesars Palace is the place you want to be while in Las Vegas.
4	great hotel! loved our room! awesome time =)
5	We didn't choose this place, but it was a great choice. Got a smoky 1966 room at first. Asked for new room, got overlooked, then complained and got a great upgrade for free. Marble bathroom with huge shower, jacuzzi tub. 500 thread count sheets and view of the mountains and pools. GREAT room. Loved the whole hotel. I went in and out of almost every place on the strip and Cesar's offers an overall best for ambiance, quality, and service. Sure its expensive, but I felt like I was in luxury. Venetian is a wanna be Italian ambiance with cheesy shops and painted on tiles. Pools were amazing! Casino was high end and attentive. Good choice of restaurants (choose Sushi Roku) and gym was really nice. Hate that everything has a price tag--like $12 coffee in the rooms, but get the gym and you get fruit, water bottles and free coffee. Worth it.
4	My girls and I stayed here a few weeks ago for 2 nights, and the hotel room was beautiful, with a straight-shot view of the gorgeous pools.  Our room was pretty large, and it actually had TWO bathrooms (two toilets, two sets of double sinks, 2 bathtubs, even 2 showers).  The only thing was that the two showers were right next to each other, with glass doors so we could only utilize one at a time, and had to have a system of hanging out towels over the glass doors so that someone else can use the sink and get ready.  The only thing I didn't like about staying here was that it was really confusing to get around, and we got lost multiple times... and our rooms were so far from the forum shops that it was kind of inconvenient.
3	Very beutiful casino filled with ornate decorations and statues. They won more from me than I did from them, but other than that my gambling experience here was mediocre.
5	I've stayed at 4 or 5 hotels on the Strip and Caesar's is continually my favorite.  I have stayed in the Palace tower and the Forum tower.  The Palace tower deluxe rooms are among the best in that price range.  Beautiful.  The food court downstairs across from the Colosseum is yummy, the pools are beautiful, and the staff is incredibly friendly.    The Colosseum is BEAUTIFUL, I've been there three times to see Celine Dion.  Amazing.  We've eaten inside Caesar's at Mesa Grill which is ou t of this world if you are a fan of Food Network Chef Bobby Flay.  It is worth the extra money to get a deluxe room, I think the general rooms are the "old" rooms and they do need revamped.  I have never been disappointed at Caesar's Palace though, for sure.
4	My husband and I just stayed here for an anniversary and I loved it! The room was a good size and the bathroom was huge. This hotel is huge and so unique. I also love the forum shops. I will definitely stay here again.
4	Wow.  I was upgraded to a deluxe room in the Augustus Tower with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  I'm a bit biased.Let me just tell you, though, if you can get this room... you should.  I didn't want to check out.  The room was huge, the beds were comfortable, the view was breathtaking, the bathroom was god-like and I just fell in love with it all.  Now I'm withholding a star from this rating because the other two people I came with, who were also upgraded to this tower, did not get the same view and their room just wasn't the same without it.  Still nice, just not 5-star worthy.  Some things to know...1.  The taxi cab line is crazy.  It's really not worth waiting if you are going somewhere within walking distance.  I waited over 45 minutes one night.  2.  The pool at Caesars is top notch.  Don't make the mistake of finding this out on the last day (like I did).  Experience it, love it and oh yeah, get there early cause it fills up quickly!3.  The 24-hour buffet pass is worth it.  I know it seems steep, but just purchase it and you won't regret it.  Ceasars for breakfast (seriously, it's the best for that) and Planet Hollywood for dinner.  Rinse and repeat.  I left out lunch because you should be a) at the pool b) at the spa or c) raking in money at the craps table.  Overall, I can definitely recommend Ceasars Palace, but just make sure you don't get stuck in one of the old rooms.  Whatever you can do to get into the Augustus Tower, do it.  And request a view of the Bellagio Fountains!
5	Caesars is SOOOO much fun! Can't say anything about the hotel but the casino, shows and shops are always a great time!
4	This was a great hotel to stay at.Having been to Vegas a few times, with a budget and without - I have experienced 3 stars and 5 stars.    This would have been a hands down 5 star experience - except for what happened at the very end...My story begins on a cool summer day.  Strolling in with luggage in tow, a beautiful statue of three bare women engulf the main lobby.   Camera flashes, chimes and screams echo through the open air from the casino floor just yards away.   The wait was over quickly, and I approached the desk as a woman graciously checked me in.   I was happy to know that my room was located on the 32 floor of the new Augusta tower - where the showers are bigger, the Jacuzzi tub fit 2 if not 3 comfortably and the rooms were fit for a king to be. Blah, blah, blah.... You know how vegas goes. Let's get to the good stuff. So I order roomservice, and holy crap was this stuff expensive!! At no time did i spend less than $50 for a meal - i mean $10 for Orange Juice????  Okay - whatever....  I'm at a 5 star resort - so 5 star prices.The real kicker came at check out.   I wanted my point on my card, so I wait in line.    I wait in the Platinum line.  and I wait....  and I wait..... as I see the non-platinum LINES moving quickly.    At no time did a customer service rep. look up at and me and pull me from the PREFERRED "I SPEND A SHIT TON OF MONEY HERE- GIVE ME GOOD SERIVE" line.....And so I leave my special line and go to the line next to me.... and it moves quickly - but just as I am about to go up the girl takes her break!!!  SERIOUSLY!!Well, as I was waiting in the non preferred line - a rep goes back to the platinum line and is playing on the computer.  I rush over to her and say, "Ma'am I just need to check out".she replies "Sir this is for the platinum guests only, please remain in your line"I say - "ma'am I am platinum, and was here before that man"--- "Sir, he was in line and you cut across, please go wait behind him" I turn around and say to the man "Was I here before you".... ... "Yes he was" the man tells her. 45 seconds later I was checked out. That whole process took me 27 minutes!!!   No 5 stars for you Cesars!  No 5 stars....
5	Recently stayed here and had a ball!Booked off of Orbitz in a package. I went with 4 people for 5 days/4 nights with a round trip flight for $397.Originally we were placed in the Forum Tower but decided to do a room upgrade into the Augustus Tower for an additional $40 a night. Apparantly it's the newest building in the hotel and it shows. The location is perfect. The casino, pool, front desk, and buffet are literally an elevator ride downstairs.The room itself was very spacious. Our room had two queen beds (although a little small) and a couch/coffee table in a fairly large living area. The LCD TV was a little dinky, and there was no free coffee. Be wary of the wet bar and snacks they place, they all charged to your room if you decide to consume them. $26 for 200ml of Grey Goose?! FORGET ABOUT IT! hahaBut the bathroom was my favorite part of the room. Two separated sinks. And there was a tv in the bathroom and the toilet was in a separated area from the sink area. There was a HUGE standing shower in addition to a jacuzzi tub. Perfect for two people if you catch my drift :P HAHAI wouldn't place it as high end anymore especially with some of the newer properties on the Strip. But its still pretty luxurious and swanky. Plus the location is right in the middle of the strip. Maybe because I had a great trip, but I would definitley stay here again!
1	For 42 years I have wanted to stay @ Caesar's Palace. In April I finally got my wish, and shared a room with my niece, who has stayed @ Caesar's twice before. The room was adequate except the "Do Not Disturb" sign was missing. While we were having lunch the housekeepers came to clean the room. When we returned, my niece came to find that her brand new bottle of Ed Hardy perfume and Coach clutch were missing from her suitcase; A value of $165.00. This was reported to the hotel, and within two days a letter was sent denying all fault. She suffered the entire loss. My Niece has stayed at eight other hotels in Las Vegas, and has never had a problem. Because of the security issues, we will never stay @ Caesar's again.
3	Really a 3.5 for me after our stay here. The Good: Rooms are very spacious, and very clean. The casino and all the shopping in the Forum are wonderful. The pool is amazing and so beautiful High end restaurants are good inside (The Palm) Great nightclub Awesome bar's throughout Beautiful Greek decor The not so good: No bathroom doors in the rooms, weird I know, this really bothered my brother in law. No privacy when your doing your thing. The front desk took forever and ever, very long wait to check in. The staff are just OK, I would expect better service at a place like this. One morning my brother in law went down for coffee, the morning they were leaving and got told by four different staff members where to go as it was early, and all the information they gave him was wrong. He had to wait 30 minutes for a cafe to open at 6 am. and was treated very rudely. The coffee for a 20 oz. cup was $5, or room service $15. I feel like they really take advantage of people with outrageous prices. My hubby was the smart one walked across the street every single morning for me to Burger King, where I got almost three cups for that price. The guest parking is a nightmare to find, no signage at all, very confusing. As well as the number of elevators for all the different towers. Yes, it is huge once inside but very hard to find your way around. Final note, instead of charging my husband's company credit card they charged our personal credit card after numerous times of discussing this. So we had to expense it and wait for our money. They could not reverse the charge, again not the best Customer Service. Would I stay here again, hmmm not sure really, maybe if I got one hell of a deal.
5	We just stayed at Caesars for our 10th anniversary.  We booked a room in the Forum Tower, but received a FREE upgrade at check in to the Augustus Tower with a view of the Bellagio Fountains.  The room was huge!  The bathroom was also huge with a marble walk in shower and jetted tub.  They also have flat screen TV's on the wall.  The beds are super comfy.  There is a separate sitting area with couch, chairs, and table.  The staff that I encountered were all very friendly and helpful.  I was worried that we would be up all night with the younger party types, but it was very quiet and we slept so good.  The Buffet of Buffets pass is so worth it.  It is $45 for 24 hours and you can visit any of the 7 buffets as many times as you wish during that 24 hour period. It is a very good deal, considering we were spending around $45 per meal before we purchased the pass. The Caesars breakfast buffet is just ok.  The Flamingo has a much better breakfast buffet (included in the Buffet of Buffet pass). You can completely skip the Imperial Palace buffet; it was dirty, gross and they gave us used dirty silverwear! Oh, if you want to use the pool at Caesars, you better get there early.  We went down one day around 2pm and could not find a SINGLE chair to put our things on because it was so crowded- and they have five pools!Check in was a breeze, check out took  a little longer.  But this hotel deserves five stars all the way!  I would definitely recommend it.
3	Not a bad stay.
4	We arrive at the hotel rather late in the evening to a reservation that we made at least 9 months ago for the front desk guy to tell us the room was not available. With my whit and charm I was able to swing on of the suites for that night until our room was ready. This suite was a one bedroom two bath with a living room and dining room. Pretty fabulous!They notified us the next day that our room was ready...we were moved to the remodeled part of the hotel. The Augustus Towers. Pretty nice and spacious...the bathroom was big with a "royal bathtub"/seperate shower. There were two queen beds and a sofa. Location is ideal as it is smack down in the middle of the strip.Oh and last thing, make sure to go poolside at some point...all of the pools they have are fabulous.
5	This place is pager friendly.Great stores at the shop forum area. I really liked how they set off that area. Awesome statues and paintings every where. It was like a new world.
2	Walked in after a 5 hour flight went to check in and they tell us the room isn't available so they had to downgrade us from a delux suite to a classic room for the night (I've stayed in motor lodges with classier rooms than this patetic excuse for a room) we finally get to the room and we find out its $15 for wifi. Went to the bar for drinks 2 margiritas = $30 barely any tequila and all sour mix. The mini bar will bankrupt you. They also gave us a $50 credit because of the room mixup but apparently that $50 can't be used since every time we tried to use it we had to scream at the rude inconsiderate staff. I will not stay there again.
1	My buddy was having a bachelor party in Vegas during Memorial Day weekend 2011. Before arriving, we called around various hotels to book a suite and Caesars Palace gave us a quote around $1,800 for Saturday night in a 3,000+ sqft two-bedroom Palace Tower Senators Suite. I forget the exact numbers, but it was the best deal we could find. They also said it included an amenities package that gave us free WiFi, a tour of VIP facilities, entrance to a luxury pool, etc. Finding nothing better, we called back and booked it.On the day of check-in, they told us that there was no amenities package. Really? We requested that it be brought up to a manager. The manager went to check the phone logs and was only able to conveniently pull up the call confirming our booking and not the sales pitch from the first call. It took him 45 some minutes on the phone to pull this up! Really? MAKE US STAND 45+ MINUTES IN THE LOBBY WHILE THE MANAGER IS ON THE PHONE? We asked nicely if they could give us any comps, perhaps entrance into the hotel's nightclub, Pure, or vouchers for the buffet, or at the very least free WiFi. He said the nightclub wasn't possible, since it isn't operated by the hotel. Really? He said that WiFi was $15 per night and that could not be waive. REALLY? He did offer a $200 voucher for the buffet. Really? We ask if it's possible for the vouchers and WiFi but he said he couldn't do it and that we have to choose. First of all, that's insulting to present it as "$200 buffet voucher or free WiFi". You're a freaking manager, what's $15 for WiFi to you? Come on, WE WOULD PAY $1,800 FOR THE SUITE BUT THEY COULDN'T COMP US $15 FOR WIFI!? And a $200 voucher is nothing! We had at least 5 guys staying. This whole ordeal took over an hour of our time, and HE NEVER APOLOGIZED FOR MAKING US WAIT. Heck, while we were in line, another guest was complaining that Caesars Palace screwed him over because they gave his room out to someone else. Being diabetic, he originally had a room with a fridge to hold his insulin, but Caesars Palace screwed up. THE GUY HAD TO GO GET HIS INSULIN SHOT AT THE URGENT CARE BECAUSE CAESARS PALACE DID NOT PROVIDE HIM WITH THE PROMISED REFRIGERATOR!We were so pissed we asked to cancel our reservation. We were going to find somewhere else to stay. The manager then had the nerve to say "You know it's Memorial Day weekend right?" Implying that we wouldn't be able to find living arrangements elsewhere. You know what Caesars Palace? WE'RE NEVER GOING TO STAY AT CAESARS PALACE EVER AND TELLING EVERYONE HOW YOU MISTREATED US!
4	Loved the Wizard of Oz penny slots!  Was hooked on for a while when playing w/other gamblers as a group.
3	Stayed here a while ago, and am just getting down to writing a review.Many other folks will go on about how big it is, and the shopping, and woo! Vegas, and all that.  So I'll skip it and get right to the main deal.The rooms (Palace Tower) are very nice indeed.  Big soaking Jacuzzi tub, shower, king bed, toilet, and flat screen TV.  So A+ on the rooms.What is just Plain Wrong is the cost of everything else.While I thought Vegas made money on gambling, apparently they supplement those millions by charging $12 for a pack of 4 Keurig coffee cups.  And $14 a day for internet.  And $8 for a can of soda.  Holy crap.  Does anybody actually buy this stuff?  I guess one person doing it per day covers the rest, or something.The staff was above par and quite helpful.Lots of restaurants, too -- I reviewed those separately.  Mesa was the best.
1	horrible   stayed fourth of july weekend  hotel lets outside people into their pool facilities and then tells their guests looking for pool chairs that its first come first serve     pool manager even worse and extremely rude   been to Vegas over thirty times     Cesar's the worst
4	Hotel - pretty niceCasino - very funPool - AMAZING!Caesars is in a great location. You can walk right out onto the strip or walk through the Bellagio all the way down to the Aria. The restaurants are all pretty good and the best part is their absolutely stunning pool!! Kendra Wilkinson was hosting a party last time we were there so it was totally packed, but we still manged to find a nice spot in the sun to sit and relax. The cabanas are pretty pricey, but definitely worth it if you plan to spend all day at the pool. Pure is also one of my favorite clubs to go to during the week, weekends not so much but the cover is usually free or $5 and the drinks are great!
4	One of the greats of Las Vegas.  We stopped by for a drink and ended up playing blackjack for 6-7 hours.  This was solely because our dealers were awesome and couldn't stop talking smack about Steve Wynn - lol, apparently he robs his employees or something.  Nevertheless, around 1am, we ate at Nero's (which is open late-night...AWESOME) then picked up a room.  The room was on the 26th (?) floor in the Augustus tower and I must admit the room was stunning - great bathroom...as good as Encore.  The view was the pits however :(Still, I would stay here again if we got a better view.  Can't wait to try Mesa Grill next time ;)
5	I stayed here once before with my anti-breakfast bf when I (was the best girlfriend in the world) surprised him for his birthday and flew him to Vegas for a night. We stayed here because he *loves* the Hangover, and I found a great room rate. Our room had like, 27 tvs and a view of the entire north end of the strip. It was incredible.
3	One of the coolest casino's to come to on the strip. Then again most if not all of the casinos on the strip is awesome. So I'm basing this rating pretty much compared to the strips casinos. If I were to compare it to all the casinos/hotels I've been too, I'd have a bunch of 5 star casino ratings, but fact of the matter is that all these casinos are awesome that are on the strip and there would be no standard or a bar that I must place to keep the ratings fair with competition on the strip. So all an all this is casino is just as the awesome as the rest on the strip so ain't nothing different or out of the ordinary that would rather make me come here rather than another casino on the strip. This casino is HUGE but doesn't stand out as the others such as the Bellagio has their own water fountain, MGM has their lion cage, Treasure Island has their pirate show etc.There is nothing here that stood out IMO, so it stands as a regular 3 star hotel casino.
2	This was my first time in Vegas and the bf made sure I learned the importance of having a hotel on "the strip."From the outside looking in it's a beautiful place. I find their casino floor doesn't have such an overwhelming cigarette smell.  Their customer service was amazing. Valet was always on point all the time. My disappointment stems from the room. The bathroom was beautiful until i realized there was no bathroom door for the toilet. I notice that was the complaint of others as well. The room was large, a queen bed with one couch in the room and a large reading chair. But what irked me the most was that the TV was not a flat screen but instead a big bulky thing that had horrible blurry reception. You would think Caesars would have enough money to update and renovate all their rooms with flat screens by now.I will not be staying here again since there are plenty of other hotels i still have yet to experience in Vegas my next time around, but i did appreciate very much the location of Caesars.
4	We have had several enjoyable stays at the Casino. The multiple casinos, restaurants, and bars mean you really never have to leave the resort. The pool is beautiful but often crowded. At the pool, you can "buy" pool side beds, cabanas, and couches but they are over-priced if you don't have a group ($300 / day + includes food service). The rooms are just really average, even the deluxe rooms.
5	This place never dissapoints...the restaurants are good and the rooms have a luxurious feel...the forum shops are a must do ... imo one of the best places to stay in vegas
4	In town for a two night stay and having been to Vegas several times, I looked forward to staying at Caesar's for the first time ever in my life.  It usually is pricy but I scored a $99 per night reservation.  Upon arrival, I found out the hard way that self parking is on the opposite side of where the lobby is.  Soooo be ready to walk through the whole casino with your luggage to check in at the front desk or check in your baggage at the Bell Desk.  By the afternoon, I was ready to check in but upon arriving, I didn't see any sort of lines being formed.  Unlike other casinos, Caesar's didn't have the DIsneyland queue where people line up to check in.  So lines were just being formed randomly behind every front desk person that they had.  Not exactly the most organized way as I was able to score a short line while I saw another person standing 5 deep.The room was pretty good from the Forum Tower.  The room is a bit older but had a good view of the West Vegas side facing Rio and the Palms.  The shower had the "rain" faucet and the bathroom mirror had a little TV inside.  Unfortunately the TV was on the outside and not where the toilet was.  Boooooo!  Caesar's location on the Strip and proximity to other casinos made it a pleasant place to stay despite the horrendous triple digit temperatures that I had to deal with.  The location, plus the quality room, at a decent price makes it a definite desirable option for any out of town group who wants to set up their vacation home base in the mid-Strip.
2	Staying here for the week for a convention, and I am not at all impressed with the room.The toilet requires you to hold the handle down the entire duration of the flush, otherwise it won't do it's job. Room is 2316 Incase management sees this. I will be checking out tomorrow so please come fix it for the next guest.The other amenities in the room are lacking as well. No refrigerator, no microwave. Roughly. 30" LCD tv, which by today's standards is a bit small for the room.I do not plan to stay here during future personal visits.
4	Me and my family stayed in Caesar's last month. And the place is grandeur. It is beautiful and quite spacious. The Forum Shops contain numerous stores, such as a 3-STORY H&M store, Louis Vuitton, etc etc. There is definitely a lot of stores and boutiques. The front of the hotel is so beautiful. The swimming pools of Caesar's Palace. There were so many pools with a massive one in the middle. Beware: the Pina Colada costs 11 bucks. no exaggeration, no lie. the hotel is in a nice spot relative to the Strip. Close to a lot of big hotels. i just can't stress the beauty of this place enough. The front and the inside and the pools...Caesar's was absolutely beautiful. There's spas for you, dining.I think what's impressive is the Forum Shops, shopping section (east wing) of Caesar's Palace. Holds probably about what? over 100 shops? Do keep in mind these stores are high-priced stores. There is an antique store , having like 1980s or 1990s or before 1960s and such posters with autographs. Pretty cool to look at. So if you don't mind pricy shopping, Forum Shops are the way to go.If you have children along, definitely try the pools at least once. Again, the hotel is convenient in terms of location on the Strip (in the middle).I really liked this hotel. Very big and not small at all. I had fun.
1	Was attending a conference in January for which my plan changed-still working it out with billing department as I was charged fees even though I canceled. No response from their "customer" service department.  With all the choices available in the area-can they afford to be so cavalier?
3	It's a hotel and casino in Vegas. Nothing to flashy and very accommodating.What more is there to say?
4	Poor Alan got gypped when they told him Caesar didn't live here - I have a picture that proves he TOTALLY does! :) See uploads.This hotel is a prime example of Las Vegas decadence, and I LOVE it. Granted, I've never stayed here, but I've spent enough time in the Forum Shops and casino and bars to know it's my kinda over-the-top fabulousness that defines Vegas.The main check in area is pretty fabulous, with the ridiculous painted ceilings and domes. Gorgeous.I'll write a separate review for the Forum Shops, but needless to say, they're equally as awesome. One of these days I'll stay in the hotel itself, but either way - I always make multiple visits to Caesar's when I'm in LV, and really love being immersed in the classic theme.Speaking of which, I still have a $12 casino credit if anyone's headed there anytime soon ... :)
2	Poor value for the price.  Pillows were not comfortable, tv was 20 years old, toilet would run until you jiggled the handle, the shower leaked all over the bathroom floor every time we took a shower, the faucet in the shower didn't work properly, the thermostat was very old and temperamental, there were holes in the walls in the bedroom and bathroom as well as the front door, and the carpet was filthy.  We found out later that the floors on our tower are scheduled to be remodeled but the standard of our room was unacceptable for the price we paid.
5	Saw Mike Tyson! Hahaha Sweeet
5	Im writing about the spa, i didnt even get a treatment...the rooms are amazing, diff saunas, cold room, roman baths etc...amazing vibe. Its pricey just to go in but since i stayed there i got a pkg that included entrance, make sure to take your time, i had to hit it on the way out and i wish i had a few hours. Oh and you might want to check if youre with a date, i think there is/are co ed rooms, so you can meet up an have tea or somethin, I wasnt aware and was bummed i didnt know that.
5	slip the front desk a $20 and get a free upgrade!
5	Loved it! For me personally, the hotel experience can make or break a Vegas trip. Caesars is one of the best hotels on the strip. Their customer service is awesome. They accommodate to your every need and are quick too. The rooms are great! Spacious and clean with bathrooms that have almost anything you need (toothbrush, razor, mouth wash...). The tubs are awesome! They come with jets so it's like a mini jacuzzi in your room. Getting a room with a view is totally worth it. We had a view of the pool during our trip. The pool is my favorite part. There is a large pool that's perfect for lounging in (nobody really swims). There are several smaller pools scattered. There is also the Venus pool which is 21+ and is more of a party pool. Be sure to go early on Saturdays if you want a chair. People take their tanning seriously and there's hardly any space available after 11. Lots of dining and drinking options too! There's bars and restaurants everywhere. A bit pricier than other hotels but the food is good. If you have a terrible sense of direction (like me) do not go wandering around the hotel by yourself. The place is so huge that its easy to get lost. I was there for 4 days and still couldn't find my way around properly. I definitely want to go back.
3	I like this hotel, particularly the pool! Best pool ever!  The only thing that I found odd was the room we stayed in was described as a "Suite"...and it was definitely just a standard double bed hotel room. Nothing fancy, nothing amazing, no extra space, just very average.  What I found interesting though was trying to take a shower or do anything in the bathroom considering the wall between the beds and the bathroom was only glass with portions of it frosted, it had a criss-cross pattern that wasn't frosted so you could totally see anyone in the bathroom!  Considering the room has double beds so you're probably SHARING with someone that seemed pretty crazy!  Since I was the only girl in the room I had to hang towels on the shower door just to feel comfortable taking a shower with a couple guys on the other side of the glass! Awkward. However, I really do love this hotel.  It's really nice being able to walk into the forum shops especially since it was raining the weekend we were there.  Also, there are some really great restaurants right in the hotel and it was nice and clean, unlike some Vegas hotels.
2	I am staying at CP now for a convention. I have stayed in lots of "luxury" hotels -- Hyatt, Hilton, Omni... this is just typical Vegas. Noise, people, food way, way overpriced. I had room service when I arrived as I always do, and I always order a cheese plate. This was one of the most expensive and the worst. Someone just pulled it out of the refrigerator and threw it on the tray.The brie was cold, the nuts were old, for $40. Wow. That little in-room coffee pot which will brew you a free morning coffee in any other hotel? $12!!!! I can always get a latte for $7! I very much feel like a captive audience. On the plus side, the staff are very nice. Even when I called to complain that the room hadn't really been cleaned, that there were implements from the previous guest, including a wet towel in the sink. They were nice about that.
2	Every year, a little shine rubs off of Caesars for me...
3	Not as good as it used to be... For the price range I'd go elsewhere. But not being a guest and just walking around is great! Inside is pretty
2	Very nice atmosphere if you like walking around looking at casino and shops.However, this place is way overpriced, with $10 cocktails.
2	Roman Tower is a dinosaur and criminally overpriced. Thankfully, we stayed with a discounted conference rate, but even that was almost not worth what we received. I saw a Palace Tower deluxe room with the jacuzzi that a friend was upgraded to, and it looked very nice. However, our Roman Tower room was outdated and very, very blah. The room had an old CRT television that had interference at times. The carpet had stains that were unsightly, but not necessarily unsanitary.  The "closet" was an open rack in the bathroom behind the door, which was terribly inconveniently placed for two people trying to get ready. The cables for the internet and TV were just  laying in a pile next to the entertainment center.The view of the pool was the best part. of the room, but that wasn't enough to make me feel like I was getting value.Ironically, when I went to visit the Palace Tower room, I saw a sign that said something like "pardon us while we remodel".  Well, I didn't see any dust or inconvenience.  Perhaps a similar sign should be placed in the Roman Tower: "Pardon us while we remodel everything except this ancient wing of the hotel."Also, one of the elevators in the Roman Tower was malfunctioning for 36 hours before it was addressed. People were getting stuck in it and it would be the only elevator called to a floor, but then you couldn't go anywhere.  Frustrating.I understand the Roman Tower is the lowest tier room, but I know you can get better quality for a better price at many other premier strip hotels.The pool was nice with comfy chaises and a good pool temp. But the music blaring from the Venus pool was mixing with the regular pool music and making for some bad mashups. Not well thought out.During checkout, the line was HUGE at 11 am (checkout deadline). Understandable, but after the line got out of hand and we were all not moving for about 15 minutes, nearly a half dozen staff came out to man more spots on the desk. If these people were here, how were you not prepared for the 11 am checkout barrage.  Dumb!As for the casino, I think it's solid, but quickly being overshadowed by newer properties. I used to be a big fan of this sports book, but after seeing some of the newer ones around town, I think I'd go elsewhere.Proximity to good restaurants is a plus. Mesa Grill was awesome, but I'm not planning to return to Rao's.
5	Great service.  I left my phone in a cab and didn't know the name or number of the cab. They reviewed the security footage and tracked down the cab I was in.  Didn't get the phone back but they surely did all they could!PS - Amazing pools but drinks are expensive.
4	My sisters and I really liked this mall. There are several mid to high end stores there and decent restaurants too. It reminded me of a shopping experience I can enjoy back in Chicago.I believe the mall stays open until midnight.
4	veiw from hotel room was excellent, buffet was good. i enjoyed cranberry juice a lot while playing in casino. club in hotel was o.k bit congested .roman scriptures r theexcellent part in hotel. going to pool & sunbath was relaxing.
3	Roman Tower is a old and overpriced. Thankfully, we stayed at a "summer discount" which was a pre-payed $245 for two nights for a Saturday and Sunday night. The room had an old television that had interference at times. The carpet had stains, but not necessarily unsanitary. Every room that I saw in the Roman Tower was completely different. I had a room with a separate shower and bath tub where a friend only had a smaller bathroom with a shower and another friend's room was so big that they could have a dance party in there. My view was of the roof and the tower next to us, nothing special.  Our other friends had a view of the pool which was nice.I understand the Roman Tower is the lowest tier room, but I know you can get better quality for a better price at many other premier strip hotels.The POOL was the best part and is why I'm giving this review three stars and not two.  I loved every part of the pool situation.  You could relax or walk 20 feet and play blackjack or walk another 50 feet and be in a dance party.  Kids weren't really an issue and our part of 15 were able to throughout the day get lounge chairs and eventually all sit together.  We were going to purchase a cabana but boy am I glad we didnt! $1500 minimum ($500 rental and $1000 f&B credit) the cabanas are NOT what I expected when we got there so I'm so happy we didn't do that! The frozen drinks at the pool that were $22 had 4 shots of alcohol in them - not bad when you think of how much one drink would have been.  The fish tacos and french fries at the pool were delish!During checkout, the line was HUGE at 11 am (checkout deadline). Thank goodness I checked out via text and then stored my bag with the bellman.As for the casino, I think it's nice.  Table minimums were a bit high for me and I did walk across the street Saturday night as I wanted to play $5-10 hands not $25 hands.Food after 2am is the worst to find! Food during the day was easy and convenient The Forum shops were great to be close to and we (8 girls) had a MAC girls night out which was great to walk to.
3	We stayed here in July 2011. We first got an optional smoking room in the Roman Tower...Horrible! Don't do it! Just because it's close to the exit doesn't mean it's clean!!! Smelled, looked like an old cheap motel! The view: The rooftop of some other bldg! The next morning I called and asked if we could be moved to a different room. Javier (at the front desk) did all he could and got us moved to the Palace Tower. We experienced a 180 degree change!!! Beautiful! His/Hers Showers and bathrooms, 3 vanities, huge closet, drawers, jacuzzi, flatscreen TV, minibar (beware, if you move something, they'll charge you for it, so you might at well drink it :)) The view: all the pools...gorgeous! Takes a while to get around so wear your walking shoes/sandals...wear heels to go out...cheapest drink is $6. Overall it's ok. I would stay at the Palace Tower again...no doubt.
5	This place is breath taking you have to go here if you go to Vegas.There is everything, shopping scenery, but don't forget your camera!!
2	Yelp Says that Two Starts = Meh. I've experienced better.Here is how Ceasars Palace got two stars from me:* STAR 1 - Saw it in almost 24 yo movie called "Rainman"* STAR 2 - Saw it in HangoverIt would have gotten 3 more starts if:* STAR 3 - Coffee and pastries in downstairs coffee shop were each $3 less and tasted better than hot bitter liquid and old newspapery food* STAR 4 - They cut their prices in half and doubled the quality of their rooms* STAR 5 - I had no other optionsWhen I was a kid, this place was amazing...but even back then, I would have taken a Motel 6 and a happy meal toy over staying at Ceasars Palace.
5	really sylish looking so amazing great
3	Has Caesars changed drastically in the last few years or something?  When I was a kid, I remember being AMAZED by Caesars... It was gorgeous and there were cool (free!) shows and bright lights and it was just super awesome...I went here on Monday and.... nothing.  Like seriously, NOTHING.  There was nothing amazing, no shows, food was pathetically overpriced (and didn't even have a gimmick!)  The clubs seemed lackluster and the stores seemed very bleh.Why the extra stars then?  Well, Caesars is the home of Serendipity III and that deserves 3 stars right there.
4	ROOMS - Stayed in the Forum Tower...comped room (heck yeah!!) ...not much to complain about here - the bed was super comfy; everything looked newly updated; huge waterfall shower;  just a really solid room.&POOL - if you're looking for an over the top party scene this isn't the place.  The pool area is enormous, with lots of different pools w/ different vibes...but the primary vibe is chill, relaxed, luxurious, and adult - - - i didn't see a single kid, but i think there's a kid area somewhere.  The "Venus" pool area is topless, although the ladies going topless are a mix of "damn!" & "please put your top back on", so your eyes never know what they might accidentally land on....  Had a blast both days w/o feeling like I was at a frat party : )NIGHTLIFE - "Pure" nightclub is a joke.  Period.  Maybe the club is beautiful  but the people they had in that line were NOT.  We were on a list to get in free & were about to walk in when I took a good look around and realized I'd be spending Sat night w/ some seriously "not ready for prime time" individuals.  Hmmmm....that sounded mean... but when you're in Vegas you kinda want to be surrounded by hotness ; )SHOPPING - a bunch of the same shops that you can find everywhere else - BUT, the little boutique (Carina?) had an awesome sale & I got out like a bandit!!  ....also made out w/ 75% off at the swim shop outside the pool area....end of summer sale - WOO!RESTAURANTS - Eat at "Joe's" & be happy.GAMBLING - the "pussycat dolls" section of tables was full of some smoking hot dealers...but I tend to like a slightly less distracting vibe when I'm losing all my money - - - I had a great night (turned $100 into $750) & a junk night (lost $300 in about 30 minutes).
3	As a local, I have no loyalties to any properties. You've seen one, you've seen them all. Caesars stands out to me for the simple fact that it has an absolute crap parking situation. I could elaborate on this, but it would out me as a directionally challenged fool. If you're visiting, my suggestion is to valet at one of their three valets and make sure no one eats the breadcrumb trail you leave.Caesars has a nice collection of restaurants-Mesa Grill, Rao's, Bradley Ogden (which is apparently closing?! say it ain't so!), as well as the collection housed in the Forum Shops which is a key piece of the property. Without the Forum Shops, Caesars doesn't have much going for it as it sits right on the bermuda triangle of the LV strip-Flamingo and LV Blvd.If you like 90s power ballads, you're in luck because Celine Dion is back for another run and I hear her show is pretty decent. The Colosseum has concerts from time to time (Stevie Nicks, Kylie Minogue) and was home to Bette Middler and Elton John for a time. They don't mess around when it comes to headliners and you won't find your average Vegas "showstopper" at Caesars.I guess I can appreciate the free entertainment hosted in the Forum Shops a la mechanical Greek gods/thunder-lightning show that is about 4 minutes of robots shifting around, water spraying every where and temporary hearing loss.One bonus: Caesars does NOT charge resort fees. Their rooms are pretty nice and on the scale of Las Vegas hotels, they're probably in the top 5 when it comes to prestige. The fact that they don't charge fees for outrageous things you'll probably never use on your stay is just good business.
3	This review is for the hotel & pool only (excluding the Forum and casino floors):We got a comp room in the Forum Tower (thanks Caroline C!). For some reason, I always imagined Cesar's room to be magnificent and grandeur. But sad to say, it was just any other room. I was not going " Wooo " and " Ahhh" like I thought I would be when I opened the door. The sleeping area was very spacious. The beds were comfortable. The blinds were dark enough to make the room pitch black (a MUST when I want to get some shut eye!). You got your standard desk, chair, closet w/safe, and television (that for some reason the remote decided to stop functioning and we were unable to turn off the television; there was no off button on the TV).The restroom was very roomy as well. It had a 2 sink counter, standing shower, and a separate jacuzzi bathtub. The toilet was off to the side in a room by itself, which freed up the rest of the bathroom to be used when the toilet was occupied. The only thing bad about the restroom was that the hair dryer didnt work.We had an opportunity to visit the pool on Sunday morning. There were a good amount of people there at 9am. They had multiple pools. All great for splashing around, but definitely not meant for a workout swim :)
5	One word- MASSIVE!!!!!!!!  You can easily get lost in the place!! As soon as i walked up to the front doors of the beautiful Hotel, I immediately thought of "The Hangover" scene where they all check-in and Zach Galifianakis' character asks the Lady if this place is pager friendly.. LOL!! Anyhoo.  This place is filled with not only a HUGE casino but its home to some famous restaurants such as Bobby Flays' Mesa Grill with his take on southwestern flair with his grilling skills!! Also u gotta check out Caesars Forum shops! Another indoor mall which makes you feel like your outside! beautiful fountains, Aquariums and  sculptures surround this place. They even got a live statue show of the Gods! This is truly a Hotel that's gone above and beyond!! I would definitely recommend this place for anyone !!  i might even get the $4500 per night Villa like in the movie.. lol. ya right!
3	The hotel was fabulous and so was the room in the Augustus Tower. The clientele was pretentious and rude. Everything was 3 times the normal price of anywhere else. The buffet was a mess. The bell staff and valet were so very nice and deserved every bit of their tips.
5	Love love love love love this hotel.  We stayed here for my friend's 21st birthday.What I will say, before I say anything good, is that it is very easy to get lost in here.  This place is massive.  We, in fact, did get lost on the way to our rooms.  But once you know where your room is located, you're good to go.I didn't eat at any of the restaurants here and I didn't gamble, so I can't say much about those things.  But this review is mainly for my experiences with the staff, rooms, and pools.  Upon walking into the room, I was in shock. There is so much space in these rooms!  I didn't feel crowded in this room at all, even after all of our luggage was spread about the room.  The beds were amazingly comfortable.  I slept like a baby all weekend - and I usually have a very hard time falling asleep.  Lighting in hotel rooms is usually an issue with me, but they had a light in the hallway, two lights by the beds, and a lamp as well.  So I didn't feel like I was sitting in the dark at all times. Now onto the bathroom.  Amazing.  Wonderful.  I love a bathroom that four girls can share without feeling the need to elbow each other to get things done.  There was a jacuzzi tub (that all four of us fit in, because we tried it), a long sink with a mirror covering the wall of it, and also the wall of the jacuzzi tub.  The shower is in the corner.. but the door is clear.  So to fix this problem, we hung towels over the door so we could all go in and out of the bathroom without having to worry about seeing lady parts that weren't ours.  The toilet has a separate door, which is even better, because the whole bathroom isn't taken up.  Room service was thorough and very nice.  The TV was standard, nothing special.  Our view was of the back end of the strip, so I could see Encore.  Our rooms were right by the pool, so if you go down the elevator, you're just right there.  I LOVE the pools here.  There were so many, and we visited all the ones we could.  We even got into the Venus European Club, but quickly left when we realized, upon entering, that it was a topless club.  I don't like seeing other lady parts.  Mine are fine for me, thank you.We stuck to the main pool, which was Athena's pool, I believe.  The water temperature was perfect on a hot Las Vegas day in July.  We even got a couple drinks to have while we were in the pool and they definitely hit the spot, but they were very expensive.  I would recommend staying here, I loved it.  It is a little pricey, but if you have friends that can split the cost, why not?  I will be coming back, if I can.
4	Compared to the Circus Circus this place is light years ahead.We pricelined a hotel and got Caesars. I was a little saddened that Bellagio wasn't the hotel surprise.This place is larger than gigantic. Walking from our room to the lobby takes 15 minutes!!!! (assuming you don't take a wrong turn)Our room was very large and had some nice high end touches like automatic curtains for the ultimate lazy git. And the TV in the bathroom made you feel like a playa.The bed was plush and comfortable. The casino was decent and the forum shops were just as huge. You could easily spend your day just trying to get out!It's nice.
5	I've always loved the architectural aspect of Caesar's Palace since the first I've been there as a kid. Of course, things and buildings get old as time passes. Nonetheless, I am never sick of going to Caesar's every time I am in LV. They have Forum Shops, Max Brenner, Serendipity, to name a few worth to try places.
4	I'll begin my review by addressing some of the common concerns previous reviewers had written down. Checkin: We were asked to come back an hour later because the room wasn't ready. Not a big deal because we were shopping in the mall anyway and as another added benefit, we were upgraded to the Augustus tower from the Palace towers. Dirty Rooms: Our room was clean however there was a slight smoke smell (we were in the non-smoking section). It wasn't a big enough deal for us to switch rooms but it was noticeable. I've stayed in a total of four hotels now (Palazzo, Mandalay Bay, Aria, Caesars) and I"ve been comparing them together trying to get a ranking going on and Caesars would be in 2nd place. Palazzo is still my favorite (you can refer to my reviews for information on it), but the location of Caesars gives it a big advantage. With Palazzo, I hated having to walk so far to everywhere. It was nice being able to get pretty much anywhere I needed to be (Bellagio, Aria, Venetian, MGM Grand, PH), via light walking or the tram. Bed: A+ Very comfortableSafe: Box attached to the wall, very shallowLocation: Augustus Towers would be more appropriate for anyone who spends more time on the Bellagio side of the strip. The entrance to Augustus Towers is right near the stairs to go to Bellagio, trams. Parking Garage: Incredibly hot, they need to create more ventilation in there. Depending on where you park, the walk can be far and walking through that garage is like walking through the Sahara
4	"This isn't the real Caesars Palace, is it?... Did um.. Caesar live here?"   HAHA  That cracks me up every time..As a little kid, I used to love to stay at this hotel.  I was always a fan of the fake skies and the various Roman statues sprinkled throughout the casino.  From what I remember, the rooms were fairly spacious and clean, and I just loved the ancient Roman decorations.  Now as an adult, I love this place for the shopping!  The Forum Shoppes... oh my!  I love the H&M here!  I think I spent the most money at this particular one.. I don't know why....  Retail therapy does wonders.. that is until you get your bill.. EEK!Serendipity, one of my favorite dessert places on the Strip, is also right outside Caesars.  Make sure you stop by if you have time (http://www.yelp.com/biz/serendipity-3-las-vegas#hrid:NljQf1OK85_UaHAv0rjncA)If you're into the clubbing scene, PURE is the spot for you.  It's a pretty sizable club, and if you get there early enough (before 11pm), you can usually get in for free.  And of course, be mindful of your guy:girl ratio.
3	Friendly service and clean room.  I stayed in the Forum Tower, which appeared to be recently renovated.  I was really impressed by the built in TV in the mirror in the bathroom.  This TV was not just mounted on the mirror - it was INSIDE the mirror!  While the shower had a rain head and a regular shower head, the water pressure was lacking.  The other con was that there was no bathtub.  Boo.  Otherwise, bed was comfy, and this was a nice place to stay.
4	We stayed for three nights recently and enjoyed our stay. We were in the cheapest room in the forum tower and thought it would be somewhat crappy. We was pleasantly surprised. The shower had a rain shower head and a standard. It was all marble and big enough for two. The bathroom mirror had a built in tv inside. There's a separate toilet area also. The bedroom area had a mirrored headboard and the bedding was actually quite nice. There was a sofa and a sofa chair in the room also. I've been to Vegas numerous times and this was the nicest standard room I've ever been in. It's not amazing but it's amazing for the price. I was extremely satisfied with the room.The only negative thing I have to say about our stay is about the check in process. Check in was 4pm. We got to the front desk person at four o'clock on the dot. The front desk person started checking us in and somehow they didn't have a room available yet. If I wanted to pay to upgrade to a better room I could have that now otherwise it would be an hour or two before we'd get in a room. My girl and I were pissed. Planet Hollywood tried this BS on our last stay there and they're owned by the same company. We declined the upgrade and then he said maybe one of the rooms being cleaned would be ready in a half hour to an hour. Maybe. They'll call me. We went to a bar in the lobby to cool down and sure enough they called in a half hour to say the room was ready. What I don't understand is why if checkout is at 11am they don't have my room ready by 4pm. It's bad enough you can't check in 'til four but then they try to get you to upgrade to check in on the time they set. How long until check in is at 6, 7, or even 8? The biggest reason I stay at Harrahs properties is the whole "No Resort Fees" thing.
4	Caesars is a timeless place. They keep updating their restaurant roster. Try Payards for desert or Central for a some awesome comfort food.
4	I was honestly shocked at just how much I wound up enjoying my stay at Caesars Palace.  Though we had initially booked a room in the Forum Tower, which I had heard was a lengthy suitcase drag from the front desk, we wound up being upgraded to the newly renovated Augustus Tower due to our room not being prepared upon our arrival.  Our new space provided a luxurious experience that included dual flat-screen TVs (one in the bathroom), a jacuzzi tub, floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the Strip and the Bellagio fountain show, a large sitting area, and more.  The room was extremely clean and well-kept.  Plus, the beds were very comfortable.While the hotel was large and involved a substantial effort to navigate, I found it much more inviting and less overwhelming than the MGM Grand, where I had stayed a few years back.  The Forum Shops provided access to high-class shopping, decadent restaurants, and enjoyable entertainment.  The pool area was ridiculously amazing!  When we first stepped out onto the patio, we were amazed by the large pool that loomed in front of us.  On the first afternoon, we parked ourselves adjacent to this crowded venue.  However, before heading back inside later that day, I did some exploring and discovered that there were several other pools laying just behind the main attraction, including one with swim-up blackjack tables.  So, we made sure to enjoy those additional sections on the following day.  The staff at the pool was extremely welcoming, and the cocktail list was spectacular.  My Cranberry Mojito included a bunch of ripe berries and fresh mint sprigs.  It was incredibly refreshing and addicting!  There was also a pool party occurring in a blocked off section of the yard that we could not see, but could definitely hear.  We decided not to participate, but it seemed like the party-goers were enjoying themselves.All in all, Caesars Palace provided all of the standard amenities and more, without being as hectic and stressful as the other large casinos on the Strip.  This old classic had been revamped and ready to take on even the trendiest of hotels.
2	If you are looking for a nice room I would not recommend the Roman Tower, the room was outdated and needs update ASAP.  Of all the hotels I stayed during my trip in Vegas only Caesars Palace still uses tube TV.
5	I will only stay at Caesars when in Vegas! Caesars is truly a picture of  the classic, self indulging ,Vegas experience.My girlfriends and I stayed in a deluxe room in the Palace Tower. Our room was very nice, with a great view. It was also quite spacious. I loved the jacuzzi tub and the comfy bed (even though I only slept about 2 hours the entire weekend).The hotel is in the perfect location on the strip...in the middle of everything! The only time we ever got a cab was at 5am on our way to the palms. The staff is extremely hospitable and will help you get in anywhere, or give you good recommendations.Caesar's has my favorite pool  (its actually a pool complex),and they even keep the Venus pool open year round.You could honestly stay in Caesars all day and be completely satisfied. They have lots of dinning options (the buffet, although not as good as the Bellagio's, is delicious), the spa is expensive, but worthy of the emperor of Rome,  the shopping is intense, Pure is tons of fun, and so are the other countless bars. What else do you need!?Caesar's casino was my favorite, because I won lots of money and I found the crystal chandeliers a soothing surrounding to my black jack game. Cha-ching!Plus, this is the Hangover hotel, how can you go wrong staying here!? Just don't leave your friend on the roof and forget about him.
4	What can you say? Just an all around cool Vegas hotel!
4	Overall this hotel was very nice.  This was my second trip to Vegas and refused to stay at the hotel I was at last time.Caesar's was clean, the food was good and it smells great walking into the lobby to check-in.  The service at the front desk, concierge and room servie was awesome.  I'm always amazed at how great the service is in Vegas compared to other places.The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because of security.  I know with these large hotels it's hard to control flow, but I have been to other hotels where a key is required to enter the guest elevator area or on the elevator to get to a floor.  Some creepy guy was on my floor asking for money and scared the shyt out of me.  I called security right away and they said they would check it out.  It just freaked me out.If I go back to Vegas I would have no problem staying at Caesar's again.
4	Caesars Palace is a great place to escape, stay, eat, shop, drink, dance, and hang with family & friends! Their suites are very nice & roomy, plenty to eat & shop @ the Forum shops, dance & party @ Pure! It's a great palace trust me!!!!
1	Went to 2 places to get a drink and a bite to eat. Each place had no customer service- I didn't get served or given a menu even after I waited.
4	Place was super nice! I must say, in the casino area, it didnt smell so bad. Normally when you go around the casino areas you sell smoke but here you barely smelled any cigerrette smell. Nice place to take pictures. never ending structures. definitely love the forum shop! when your in vegas must go to the forum shop!
5	We were upgraded to a junior suite by Douglas (players club status).  Douglas was a professional and we appreciated all he did for us.  I actually dropped my sunglasses on the counter and he noticed they were bent and proceeded to fix them.  I cannot thank this man enough for the extraordinary service and welcome.  The room was fabulous.  2 bathrooms with a large jetted tub, dual shower. Bed was so comfortable.  Very quiet.  We stayed 5 nights and couldn't ask for anymore. Excellent location and all star service!
1	Even "upgraded" to a $500 suite in the Roman Tower, this place reeks of someone's idea of "nice" from the 1950's.  Terrible wi-fi you have to pay for ($16/day), if you want a coffee maker that's an extra $40, no mini-bar but a mini-frig with no ice maker, yes the suite has a a huge room , two toilets, and small bedroom, ancient jetted tub, and steam shower, but the water would not get hot.  Overpriced, with such poor service, we left after the first night of a planned three, immediately got a fantastic, modern, WORKING room at the Mirage for 1/2 the price!  Casino floor seems smokier than Mirage, Paris, or Venetian. NEVER AGAIN!
4	This is one of my favorite hotels to stay at... Its a good location, it had a mall connected to it, and its very clean!  Always request to stay at the Augustus tower because the rooms are newer and its easier to get to and it had great views of the strip too!
4	Never stayed at this hotel (although I wouldn't mind it) but on my last LV trip a couple friends did and they absolutely LOVE it. Rooms are huge, clean, and well decorated (so they say)...For some reason I like the casino here... I dunno what it is about it but I just like it. There are TONS of places to eat... TONS of places to shop... and LOTS of sculptures... beautiful Roman sculptures to see...  curved escalators and a little waterfall/pond inside... outside of the property there are Roman sculptures and waterfalls... it's really a gorgeous property inside and out. They also have a free show in front of the Cheesecake Factory called the Fall of Atlantis. Pretty cool show that shows the myth of Atlantis. I think they perform it every hour... and behind the show there's a huge saltwater aquarium with LOTS of different fish. Very pretty!It's located pretty much in the center of the strip. Great location. Great hotel!
3	I want to give them 4 stars but  3.5.  Caesar Palace is overpriced hotel.  The hotel is ginormous and elegant. It is very well-maintained for almost 50 years-old hotel. The pool and Roman garden are awesome,lots of statues and Roman sculptures. You will feel like you are in Rome. Even though, I can see some aged of the room ( Roman Tower ) but it's clean and very quiet. Even though the room is small. The casino is huge , I like to walk around and see hot girls dealers at the pussycat dolls. The poker room is big and quiet , lots of newcomer and donkeys there, but too bad they don't have 1-2.  to have 1-3 game which I need to adjust my game or play 2-5 instead.The forum shop is awesome, lots of stores and great restaurants. There was free show at the Atlantis, lots of Roman statues. I am surprised to see Apple store there but hey. Apple need high roller shoppers too. Besides that the forum shops are one of two circulated escalator- the other one is in SF.  I am not quite sold with the taxi service, bell service and luggage carrier here. It took them a long time to get your luggage beside that when I left the person tips , he shorted on changes so he took all $5 for that slow service. Waiting for taxi is awful , no line there, you will walk your own to find taxi and it was very chaotic with those valet people. so I took a star off from these services. But overall , if you can find good internet deals, Caesars Palace is worth to stay. It shows historical of Las Vegas and lots of attractions.
5	i walked inside this hotel as I was walking the strip, and this place is fa-a-ncy! They have great decor and fancy sculptures and fountains... I wish I could afford to stay here for the weekend, but unfortunately its quite pricey :(
3	I was in Vegas for a work function, and the entire company stayed at Cesar's palace.I'm only giving it three stars because everything was a- ok, really.  I say this because I was put in a room at the Palace Towers and another room at the Roman Towers, and let me tell ya... YIKES! All those rooms are horrible! The rooms smell funny, and everything looked old! I was expecting something a bit more nicer especially for the price we are paying to stay and dine there.  Finally, the hotel workers were nice enough to put me in the Augustus tower, which is by far the newest and best tower in the entire hotel. The rooms in Augustus was actually decent compared to the other two towers.  One thing I would suggest is... as soon as you arrive in your hotel room, call the front desk and have them change your sheets.  This is not just for cesars' palace, but for most hotels- especially in VEGAS. My sheets were dirty, but they were nice enough to accommodate me.  Actually, the entire Cesar's palace stuff was very accommodating through my entire stay.  I'm guessing they had to be accommodating because there were over 2500 folks from the same organization I was with staying at this hotel.  Knowing that, the staff was probably trained to be more hospitable with us. I can't speak for the shops or spa services.  The gambling tables/casino was pretty standard, and the room service was decent.  The lady who's in charge of the kitchen during room service at night (I think her name is Linda) was very helpful.  The food came out quickly, and the food was also decent.  Just don't expect it to be top notch just because you're paying $15-20 for one item.   Not bad, just an ok experience.  I would return, but I hope they're as accommodating the 2nd time ....
4	Stayed in a Forum Tower deluxe room; was offered an upgrade to a Palace Tower room (much nicer than Forum Tower), but declined due to location of Palace Tower elevators.  The Forum Tower deluxe room is smaller than Bally's North Tower deluxe room, but I thought it was nicer.  I really enjoyed my four night stay and would stay here again.  For me, the main detractor with staying at Caesars Palace is the rates they charge for rooms.  However, as I said, I really enjoyed my stay.
4	I love this hotel, great shops and pool!  They must have a great air circulating system because i didn't get the smelly smokey air you usually get when hanging out on the casino floor.  MY hubby stayed here for his bachelor party and he said the rooms are really nice.
5	Here for a conference and found myself walking around this beautiful place.  Love the Forum shops and the casino floor is so unique.  It helps when you are sitting in lectures all day to be able to sneak out for a break and take a few pulls on your favorite machine, or walk though the forum shops browsing for a special item. Someday, perhaps I'll get a room!
4	This place is HUGE! My friend got comped for this hotel and I literally got lost here a few times. Even though this place has been opened for a long time. It's still very nice and well-kept inside. Don't stay in Palace Towers.. it's hella far! The walk was crazy from the casino floor to the room.The room was very pretty. It's better than any place I've ever stayed at. Right when I entered the room, the bathroom was on the left. There was a shower, closed toilet room, 2 sinks, and a jacuzzi tub. OMG! I didn't even get to use the tub! No time! The closet also has a motion censored light! Love it!
3	Endless stores in the Ceasar's. The ceilings were painted to resemble the sky and you just see alot of geek gods and goddess statues. Nice place to take pictures. But I hated their casino. It was too smokey for me. It place was nice, but it was old as well and I don't care for replicas of Greek mythology.
3	I've been to Vegas a lot.  I usually stay at the Venetian/Palazzo and I love it there.  This time, however, I met the fam and stayed at Caesar's.  While it looked nice and seemed rather well built a lot of things were broken or non-functional.  First the jacuzzi in the room was broken.  We paid for an upgrade and got a broken jacuzzi.  That's a big fail.  Another thing was the ice maker and the soda machine on our floor.  Both were broken...for the entire 5 days we were there.   Another thing was the lack of ramps.  When rolling heavy luggage on the way to the room it would be nice not to have to lug it up stairs, even if there are only 4 or 5 of them.  Other than that, however, I enjoyed my stay.  For the right price, I wouldn't be against staying there again.  I mean very little time was spent in the room anyway because, hey, it's Vegas.
5	best time of my life at ceasar's palace, this casino is by far the best looking from the inside out, their customer service is the,best and im a picky son of a gun. I played the roulette table in their pussy cat dolls section, they had strippers dancing on poles in front of the tables. The girl at the roulette table,named aileen was the,best she keeped the drinks coming I played for 2 hours and had a great time doing it. Other than that this hotel resort and casino,has many things to offer, valet parking moves fast and the I would recommend you come and spend your money here.
3	Stayed here about twice, and the rooms are just okay. We stayed at the Spa Suite in the Augustus Tower, and the infinity tub was GIGANTIC! But with outdated walls, they lose one star. The big problem I have with this is the room service. Ordered a mocha to start the day and it didn't come til 50 minutes later. It went to the time that I forgot I ordered something. And the mocha was lukewarm. ????But The Jupiter Pool gains a star. Secluded from the loud noises, sitting on a chaise in a cabana, and a back massage when needed, this is almost like Hawaii....... almost. All in all this place is okay. But I'd never stay here again after the second. The Encore, Palms Place, or Venetian is the way to go.
1	I've stayed at this hotel only 3x and don't know why I bothered to give them another shot.  Thinking their attitude would improve...me thinks not.1) Was there around Thanksgiving this year and the quality of the rooms were as follows:   a) Carpet corners looked like a cat/dog has been chewing and naw-ing on them for the last few years.  Bathrooms had wallpaper covering OLDER wallpaper.  Why wouldn't you strip it and just redo it or paint it?  The beds were HORRIBLE....the mattresses clearly were not replaced in YEARS.  The TV -- we now have LCD and what's with the old cabinets?  We had 2 little lamps and one electric socket that wasn't working.2) When explaining our unhappiness with the room, the front desk asked us "so what do you want us to do about it?".  I thought to myself "you have got to be kidding me....the economy is bad but there are 150+ other hotels to go to and they think their entitled"?  3) After mulling through 3 managers and raising a stink were we able to get issued a food credit.  Even that took more than 6 hours to get.  Disappointed in overall service, their total rewards program (how they are different "owners/operators" from the hotel that is.  Getting things comped isn't so easy and unless you're famous, their motto seems to be just to STAND IN LINE...sorry guys, but our family had other options and we regret we chose your establishment to stay.The long and short is this: don't get suckered into paying anything extra for a room that they cannot guarantee for you because you may end up in a worse off room and even asking to change properties won't happen.   I will never stay here AGAIN and I will stay at the Westin or off the strip before staying here ever again.  I don't care if they offered the rooms for free.  The hotel overall is smoky, dingy in the hallways, and not quick to respond to fixing things.  They will "get to it when they can" and that can take up to 1.5 days.For the prices of these rooms at retail, go stay at Vdara or Cosmopolitan.  Even the Bellagio standard rooms are nicer than this place.
1	I've been staying in hotels for 35 years and the room I had last night (3914) wins the "worst smelling room ever" award. It smelled like someone had lit a truck-load of cigarettes on fire in the room for the last five years and then coated every available nook and cranny with tar and nicotine.  It was so bad you could smell the room the minute you stepped off the elevator and onto the hall.I had asked for a King non smoking room. When I checked in the desk clerk said they didn't have anymore (really? in all of Caesars?) but I could either take a twin or take this smoking room.  Which she reassured me they had aired out with an ozoneator and I wouldn't be able to tell the difference.They truly ought to give tours of this room.  If you're in Las Vegas and are trying to quit smoking be sure to drop by Caesars Palace, Centurion Tower room 3914.  It's like sleeping inside of a nicotine patch.
1	Caesar's Palace is the Walmart among the strip's big properties.Crappy customer service - making me wait while they train their newbies (how about training them on the process BEFORE you put them in front of people and try training them on how to serve customers?).Price gouging runs amok. $15 a day for in-room WiFi ($25 for property-wide access), $25 to use the health club, a crappy meal at the noodle shop costs $9 for a small bowl of soup / $20 for kung pao chicken / $5 more for noodles or rice (really?), $17 for a HOUSE red wine at RAO.The layout and furnishings are as old and tired as the brand itself.If you go there expect to grab your ankles and bend over a lot.
4	I had a Roman Tower room with a king bed, love seat, and desk.  All standard amenities and comfortable bed.   Bath had a small TV, tub with shower and separate shower stall.  Double sink was located in separate area.  There were no doors on the bath in my room - if you're alone it's great - if not you want to ensure you do not get this type room unless you have no modesty at all.  It is located in the oldest part of the hotel.  I did not expect it to be the most luxurious, but it was perfectly acceptable - I was offered an upgrade for a very modest price.  Since this was my first stay I decided to start at the bottom.  I was alone, and the room was fine for me.  For what I paid it was a bargain - I've paid more for standard motel rooms.  Distances are daunting, but this is a large property - it can't be avoided.  It was almost smoke free, and as a staunch non smoker that was important.  The Forum Shops are great.  The help in the Caesars stores were friendly.  The desk staff was efficient.  I had no wait at all to check in.  The maid was particularly friendly.  Parking was easy - I used self always.  Learn the back roads - Frank Sinatra Dr, Dean Martin Dr, Jay Sarno Dr, and Industrial Rd - avoid the Strip.  Once you learn to navigate on these roads getting to and from Caesar's is easy.  Use maps and Google - my iPad on Google was a great help.  Once you learn your way it's so simple to get to some other properties too.  If you demand utmost luxury then pay the extra for a room in one of the newer and more luxurious towers - as always you get what you pay for.  For my money I thought the Roman Tower was a great bargain for the price - it's still Caesars, and any room in Caesars in great.  Location is hard to beat on the Strip.  Almost anything you want is within easy walking distance as well as other great properties.  I didn't give it five stars because I think unless one has stayed at many of the Strip properties it is hard to rate it at the very top.  I'll guarantee I'm a fan of Caesars though.  Two things I did not like.  There was an adjoining room door - there was not enough sound proofing, and the neighbors were unnecessarily loud late at night.Also I was near the Forum Tower elevators on the 7th floor Roman which matches the 53rd floor of the Forum.  When returning to car I forgot the matching floor for elevator.  I asked at Players counter, and was informed she had no idea, and I wasn't allowed to use those elevators anyway - only down not up.  That's bunk.  So I had to walk a great deal further with luggage, and then walk all the way back on my floor since my room was at the extreme end directly next to Forum.  Needless to say I noted the floor number that time, and I used those elevators my entire stay.  Take the time to learn location of your room relating to available elevators - it'll make your loading and unloading far easier.  I would definitely stay at Caesar's again, but naturally as with most price is always a consideration - for the right price Caesars would be an easy choice.
4	First off, I just wanna say this was my first time going to Vegas. So with lots of good ratings from friends, I decided to give it a try.The first night I shared room with a friend and it was located in the forum tower. They had the reward points and earned two nights free which I thought was great! Their room was pretty nice with a flat screen in the main bedroom and one in the restroom! Called for room service to get some extra towels, toothpaste and covers. They bought it over within 25 minutes. They also includes extra toothbrush and mini mouthwash!!! Awesome!! However, the next day when I checked into my room. Located in the roman tower. It was kind of a disappointment because the restroom didn't even have a door! I know!!! I would of complain but I figured, why :/ I was leaving the next day anyways . Some of my other friends who flew in the very same day got the same package and with my story to them about my room, they told the customer service n got themselves free upgrade. I guess i should of complain right!? Oh well. That's really why I gave it four stars.. Not meeting the expectations. On top of that the requested bed was a king n I ended up getting a queen size. Great right? But I do enjoy the customer services and been taking lots of pictures!!!! Love this hotel, compared it to the others n yes.. It's worth the money! Do go a cheap rate if u search around n get promotions code.K, it's 3a.m.. Maybe I should sleep. Wait.. Who sleeps in Vegas!? Lol
2	I came to Vegas for a conference, and I did not stay here. I have been to Vegas several times, and I have never stayed here. Although the food and shopping are great, it just seems as though this is the first of the "big" hotels that is starting to go down hill. With all of the newer hotels around, it seems as though it is time for this big boy to get a major overhaul. At the time, I am sure that it was the best of the best, but over the last 20+ years, this place has really taken a beating. When compared to the Venetian, Bellagio, Wynn and others, this place is struggling to keep up.Several of the tables where we were gambling were also filled with very grumpy dealers. I can understand that higher buy in tables having a more experienced person with expectation of players knowing what they are doing. However when you are with a bunch of non gamblers, you go to the low buy in tables and expect a little bit of latitude in your play. I have even been impressed at other casino's that they are even willing to help you learn the games, thereby staying there longer to lose your money. Not here, and will probably be a long time before I lose my money here.
5	NO RESORT FEES!!! Most every hotel in Vegas charges MANDATORY resort fees of typically $25 per day. Caesars allows you to choose wether you want to use the rest of the resort and pay the fees.This was my first experience at Caesars.  What really sold us in the first place is the location, we never stayed there, and of course the extra $75 in our pocket for resort fees.The experience with the service was great and location is excellent so overall it gets my full five star.We came for New Years.  Valet as with pretty much all Vegas hotels is complimentary. The Hotel/Casino is beautiful with tons of restaurants and shopping to match. The customer service was so exceptional here and really started our 2012 off the right way.  My friend Will and I arrived and upon checking in the front desk attendant asked if one King bed was ok.  We asked her for two beds.  She took a few moments, apologized for our wait, and then came back to tell us unfortunately they did not have two beds, so they upgraded us to a 1300 sq ft suite facing the strip and that they would get us a rollaway and if that was acceptable for us.  We were like....hell ya!!! So off we went to our Suite.  Beautiful!!! Pics attached. The rest of the stay was excellent. They called to follow up and check that our stay was great.  If you asked someone at the hotel if they knew the direction of a specific area....they would not only point you there. They would often walk you there.  I could not believe that in such a busy time of New Years that they really made so much effort to ensure their guests were taken care of. A+
2	Snafus at check in, indifferent staff, way too many "bros" living out their Jersey Shore or Hangover fantasies. Mediocre room with no coffeemaker, overcrowded pool, overpriced restaurants. Ended up spending most of my time at Bill's where the slots were looser and the crowd wasn't so full of themselves!
3	We stayed here after we got an awesome deal on Vegas.com. The room was cleans and comfortable. Some amenities were outdated, but given we got a steal, we didn't care. They also only had one mirror in the room (surprising) and we had three women in one room, so getting ready was a bit of a challenge.
4	I have been in and out of Caesars many times over the years.  I can almost find my way around :-)  This was my first time I found the pool areas and gardens.  I took a whole bunch of photos I have yet to upload.  My favorite restaurant is Hyakumi.  There are lots of places within the building to take pictures.
5	An old but renovated hotel.  Stay in the octavious towers for sure.  This place is huge so expect to walk to get anywhere although its in the center of the strip. Try a drink at numb located in the casino or try your luck at the tables. Pure is also a nice spot to see or be seen.
4	Once again, I'm commenting on the hotel grounds......haven't stayed here yet unfortunately, although my cousin swears they are the most comfortable beds ON THIS EARTH.  She loves staying here.  I just have never had the pleasure.  What I love about this hotel is that it is older elegance, and yet, it still draws throngs of crowds, young and old, refined and hip.  This place is still happening, and it's still beautiful, it continues to grow by leaps and bounds (I always see new things here everytime we come to Vegas) and it simply never disappoints.  The Forum Shops alone keep this place going, but this hotel continually boasts great entertainment, great dining, great hotel amenities (from what I hear), and whatever else tickles your fancy.  What I love is that they were the first hotel to have a buffet....... their "Sunday Brunch."  I cannot tell you how special it was, and how much my family and I would create an entire trip around making sure we got to have Caesar's Palace Sunday Brunch.  Now?  Buffets are everywhere at almost every hotel, and not just on Sundays, and as for the famous Caesar's brunch, they have now downplayed and minimized the once great and amazing brunch.  That part makes me a little sad, but the memory of what it represented to us still lingers on in my mind and makes me smile.  It also dates me a little.  : )     Some of you know, though, what that brunch was all about !!My aunt was a high roller here and loved this hotel.............perhaps, more than her children.   No, just kidding (I think).     :)
1	I am a 22 year old female. This is one of the worst hotels i have ever stayed at on the strip. The shopping obviously is great. We had to wait 45 minutes in line on a wednesday night only when 4 people were in front of us. Very very slow check-in. Now the people who work at the Hotel is the problem.  At Qua Spa the front people are very rude and unpleasant to their costumers. They told me that i had to get my mother "in check" while we were 2 minutes late for our spa day (DO NOT BE LATE). We were 4 people booked for about $160 per person massages (for two days) and that is the way they were treating us, if not the other costumers/guests as well. They never asked how our stay was going, nothing to make us feel comfortable as they should. And if you are late, your minutes will be deducted from your massage. The room we stayed in was nice and very huge!!! Grand piano and all! Didn't really bother me the we had a wall for a view but there were chunks of the walls missing and the room looked as if people tried to destroy it. The 90's tv was mostly static so we couldn't hear or watch it most of our stay..(If you try to use WIFI it cost $14.99 per computer, per night. Rollaway bed is $30.00 fee a night. Room service is also a 18% gratuity charge.)Another incident happened twice in the Caesars Palace gift shop. Two times i had went there to buy stuff for the flu i was having at the time. They would not let me charge to the room and was giving me a very hard time. My name was on the room with my parents so i immediately tell them that i was going to the front desk to complain. I did just that and the guy at the front desk apologized and told me there should be no problem. I went back the next day and the same thing happened, unfortunately i was so fed up and sick that i did not feel the need to keep complaining about the poor costumer service. As i am still sick with the stomach flu/strep throat i caught there, i called front desk to help me out so i could go to a 24 hour urgent care. They gave me a number of an operator who informed me that urgent care was not 24 hours. I called the front desk again and had explained what had happened. Front desk this time gives me an address of an urgent care 4 miles away. Got into a taxi and by the time we got there, the urgent care sign said they were not open on weekends WHEN Caesars Palace assured me that it was. By this time i was so ill i had to go to the emergency room and they would not call me an ambulance. I was rolled in a wheelchair into another taxi going to the 3rd hospital, that did nothing for me, and they were not allowed to give me a throat culture or tell me what my fever was at that point. just prescribed me a bunch of drugs and sent me on my way to walgreens so i can wait 2 hours for my prescription while throwing up blood. Worst experience of my life. Moral of all of this ..The people at Caesars Palace treat their guests like crap. Everything is also EXTREMELY over priced. Even for people with money. They really like to rip you off and talk down to you. Never staying here again! And never get sick in Vegas..worst healthcare of ALL time.
4	I love Caesars palace!! but I gave them one less star because the walk to the different towers are quite ridiculously long lol. I stayed in the palace tower. But other than that, I love the location of the hotel! Right in the middle of all the fun!
4	Very nice property. Great room overlooking the pool. My favorite thing about the room is the bathroom! Beautiful granite countertops, huge jacuzzi tub, and very large shower with glass door from floor to ceiling.I would definitely stay here again when I go back to Las Vegas.
4	I stayed here for recent work conference and it's one of the better stays I've had in Vegas.  The rooms were nice, it didn't smell too much like smoke, there were a lot of options for food and the beds were comfy.  The jacuzzi jets in the bathtub were also a nice perk.  The only downside was the check-in/front desk was really slow and the Business Center people took two hours to get us our boxes of items for the show leaving us with a pathetic looking table for awhile.
4	Let me take you through my stay...Check in: Terrible!  I'm sure it wouldn't be any different at other hotels on the strip, but waiting in line for 30 minutes when there's only 3 people in front of us, at 9pm at night....not cool.Room: Awesome! We got a 2 bedroom suite and it was amazing!  The view was of the Casear's many pools, which are beautiful!  The living room and dining area were huge, as was the master bedroom (ours), with two bathrooms which were connected by the shower..pretty cool.  I will say, for the money, we probably didn't spend enough time in the room to get a suite next time.Shopping: If you're like me and not that into gambling your money away, check out The Forum shops.  There's everything from Express and Banana Republic, to Guess by Marciano, on up to Gucci, Dolce & Gabana and more.  Room Service: Eh.  We tried ordering breakfast one morning and after being put on hold for 20 minutes, were told the wait was an hour and a half.  Ummm, nope.Spa: I'll do a separate review for this, so check it out.  It was AMAZING!Overall: One of the nicer hotels I've stayed at in Vegas.  I've been several times and have stayed at New York New York, Rio and Bally's.  I would definitely stay here again.  It offers easy access to the strip and is situated a convenient spot on the strip.
5	The nicest standard rooms in Vegas are in the Augustus tower at Caesars (just narrowly beating out Palazzo).  The older Roman and Centurion rooms are no where near as nice.  I would recommend the upgrade if you can get it.  The Palace tower is also very nice and the Forum tower, while smaller has also been done up.Nothing says Vegas more than Caesars.  It's corny, garish and cool all wrapped together.  It's also dead in the middle of everything.Make sure you have good walking shoes as everything requires a bit of hike.  Also Vallet park as the self parking is remote and hard to get in and out of.Best Diamond Lounge of all the Harrahs properties.  I've stayed here at least 20 times over the last 10 years, probably more.
2	Here's what you need to know:  Give the valet ONLY your car key.Valet is actually quite prompt and they are super friendly.  But I have to minus almost all their points for losing a key ring attacked to my car keys with all (two) of my other keys.  Maybe it's my own rookie mistake, but 10 other casinos on the strip didn't seem to have a similar problem.As for the rooms, pretty decent size.  I was in the roman tower, 12th floor, decent view of the pool.  Too bad it's winter.They get a star back for their craps tables, only cause I won some small change here.I'll have to write up the restaurant reviews separately... but (Bobby Flay's) Mesa Grill - Big thumbs up.   Hyakumi (Japanese restaurant) - skip it.
4	Just stayed here, i loved the atmosphere, the beautiful rooms, yummy food, convenience, ill go back, the only thing is that its not that modern or renuvated but still cool!
5	Wonderful hotel - very beautiful with top-notch shopping, restaurants and plenty to do. PURE night club is awesome!
1	This hotel should receive no stars, at all. The check-in process was long, the room, soiled and for $225/night I received no robe, no coffee maker, no refrigerator, no make-up mirror and was charged almost $20/day for a three cup coffee service. There was smoke everywhere and most attendants were too busy to assist in directing me to my meeting room. I was ripped off and am now upset. Furthermore their internet service is over $20/d, their restaurant offerings, overpriced and the selection - poor. The bell hop was friendly so I tipped him well...
4	This is one of my favorite casinos to visit.  The sports book is really nice and there are some nice places to eat there.  We stopped by some craps tables and the folks running the table were more than happy to talk to us and answer any questions we had.  This is a very pleasant casino to go to.
3	So unbelievably average. Below average actually, for the price, but I have had some GREAT nights in the casino here and the Forum Shops are amaze, so I gotta give some props for location. If you are here to see Celine another benefit is that  you might run into her before the show. This happened to us when we stayed here for my cousin's 21st birthday and she was so excited (she's a huge Celine fan)!!!!Pure is pretty disappointing, I don't really like the crowd too much but I have had a TON of fun at Shadow bar. The rooms are the major problem - expensive and not worth the price. If you are going to cough up that much for a room, you are better off staying at Venetian or Belliagio or better yet at the Wynn or Encore. Nothing special at all about the rooms and for some reason even the newly re-done rooms look worn and the bathrooms are kinda janky. Don't bother with the room-service. The food isn't very good and, although there are some great places at the Forum Shops, it would be nice if there was something right downstairs when you just need a quick bite (there's a food court but I'm not really a food court type of girl). And the breakfast is weak which blows after a long-night of partying when you are looking for brunch / possible hang-over cure.Anyway, it's popular and you will probably have a great time if you stay here, but, like I said earlier, you can do better for the price.
3	All of these casinos start to run together after awhile. But Caesar's does have one of the biggest gaming floors I remember seeing in Vegas.A good a place as any on the strip to throw away your money!
4	Well, started off slow due to the 20 min wait to get checked in.  They need more staff  on hand to handle the mass amount of guest checking in at 4pm.  I stayed in the Augustus tower, 36th floor with a view of the fountain's at the Bellagio.  The room was great, wonderful jetted tub, big enough for 2. TV installed in the bathroom also so you can relax in the tub and watch a little TV.  Bathroom also has separate glass enclosed shower. Bed was very comfortable.   Honestly, the best thing about this room was the view.   The casino floor is HUGE,  one of the largest I have seen in Vegas.  There are restaurants scattered all over the casino floor and  the Forum shoppes.Service other than when I checked it was great.
4	No resort fees which is always nice. If you stay here and are driving,  valet your car - the walk from the self park garage to the hotel check in took me over 20 minutes and it's pretty easy to get lost as this place is huge. I got upgraded to a room in the Palace Tower which was huge - two bathrooms, flatscreen TV, nice furniture etc. (was a weekday) without asking - nothing to complain about here. Poker: They have a 1-3 game with 500 MAX buy-in which is nice. 2-5 has no MAX buy in. The dealers were all friendly and competent - the competition is mostly tourists. No redbull(monster only)/top shelf liquor in the pokerroom. Waitresses are very attractive, but hey its Vegas. Personally I like the 1-3 here better than the 1-2 at Bellagio (200 max) or the Aria. Bathroom and sportsbook are located right outside the pokerroom.Sportsbook: I've placed several bets here however I've never stuck around to watch a game. The seats are always taken and full. The nice thing is you can cash in your ticket at any Harrah's property.Casino: Same games you would find at any other casino in Vegas, with somewhat higher limits.
4	This was perhaps my 10th stay at Caesars, and I'm never disappointed.  I booked a regular room online, but upgraded to a suite at the desk.  I'm really pleased with spending the extra money, as I felt a little more like I was at home, and not in a hotel.  Didn't need to use concierge or bell, but the associate at the desk was extremely accommodating.  A timely follow up voicemail was left, with contact info, in case I needed further assistance.It was Super Bowl weekend, and I went to Pure on Saturday night.What happened in Vegas........well, it ended up on Facebook!  :)
3	I've never actually stayed at Caesar's, but I have wandered the casino floor a ton and walked through here probably a hundred times going to the shops and such. This place is just massive! And their signs are very misleading. It'll say "Form shops this way" and you'll follow the signs only to realize that it's taking you on a tour of the entire floor. If you half-way know where you're going you basically go the completely opposite way and cut 15 minutes out of the trip.All that being said, I do really like the look and feel of Caesar's and would stay here in a heartbeat.
4	I like this casino more than most of the ones on the strip. For being ancient, it still has the appearance of being new. Forum Shops are the best thing in this casino. Restaurants are generally good here and pricey (expected on the strip). The food court isn't bad either and it's definitely unique to all the food courts in other casinos. I live here so I've never stayed here, but if you're looking for a place to occupy your time for hours, then come here.
5	Awww the sweet memories of Caesars Palace. Being walked in on by housekeeping, doing a cartwheel in the hallway and tore a hole in the robe. The amazing pool. Everything! I stayed here in 2010. The rooms are great. Good quality soap, and as I mentioned before the pool. They have several pools. Main, a few hidden ones and the best one of all, the guest only pool. I wasn't a guest but my family happened to be staying there so I just took the key and showed local ID. Locals get a pool discount!
2	I don't know what it is but when it comes to Vegas, I become a lot more critical on the service and appearance of things. Maybe it's because the way the city is so centered on delivering the best and the inflation of costs to cover that. So when it came to Caesar's, I needed to know what it was all about. Whenever I come to Vegas, I usually stay at the newer, more modern hotels but this trip, I wanted to see why Caesar's remain to be one of the oldest casino's but yet can afford to expand every year and also hold one of the best shopping and eating areas in Vegas. When I checked in on Saturday, I had a the Forum Tower Deluxe room booked. But as I was checking in, the front desk asked if I wanted to upgrade my room to a Palace Petite Suite for just 60$. He explained that it double the size of the Deluxe room + more modern. I immediately took the deal and made my way to my room and man o man, was I disappointed. The rooms are in SERIOUS need of a renovation. Based on other yelpers, apparently only some of the towers are renovated to have the modern feel but my room was clearly not one of them. The walls had the old wallpapers from I don't know, the 90's? And also, the TV was really old and small (I mean TV's being so affordable these days, they can't upgrade that?). Anyways, I overlooked the aesthetic flaws of the room and went to go take a shower. WTF? The shower doesn't have hot water. Like really? NO HOT WATER IN VEGAS?! So I called the front desk and complain about the issue of the hot water on top of that, I wanted to actually downgrade my room back to a Forum Deluxe. They tell me that all the rooms have been booked and that I can't change my room unless it was upgraded to a more expensive suite and that they would send over a technician to check out the problem. At this point, I was already disgruntled by the service here and waited impatiently for the technician. Fortunately, he came immediately and tells me that this issue is an actual issue that requires them to open up the shower and change the hot water cartridge. I call back the front desk and the supervisor advises me that I would need to go back down to the front desk and speak personally with the supervisor about this issue. At this point, I was already furious and marched my way down to the front desk and I tell them my issue (I was rude and I had a reason to). They gave me a $50 food and beverage credit for this mistake and they move me to a similar room one floor above (I thought they had no more rooms left?). Honestly, Caesar's Palace might not have resort fees but they also don't have a refrigerators in their room (yeah, if you want one, you need to rent one for $$$) and their rooms are OLD. I realize that this hotel is one of the oldest ones but honestly, it's just a tourist trap. If it wasn't for their somewhat good service and providing compensation for their faulty rooms, they would've received a 1 star. I rather pay less and get a better room at the Cosmo and a lot better service.
3	We have never stayed at Caesars, but have walked through it, gamed, shopped, etc.... on almost every stay in Vegas.  It is like the Vegas epicenter.  You can't get away from it!  From the second I walk into the Palace I think, ugh, now we have to figure out how to get here (where ever here is).  Caesars is so big it is really easy to get lost.  They have signs, but they are just sparse enough that eventually you will find yourself on the casino floor completely turned around - I am sure that is how it is designed!  My best advice on this is don't cut through the casino and instead walk along the edge of the casino to get to where you are going.  And there are lots of  places to go!  Can't misses are: 1) Qua Spa2) Forum Shops3) The fountains around the propertyThe restaurants, shops and spa are some of the best in Vegas so chances are you will end up here, but beware it is a black hole!  Stay on track and stay your course :)
4	This place is old, but it's kept up and still looks nice. What I liked most was that it's connected to the shopping center and a lot of good eats. Cheesecake Factory! We didn't do much gambling here since there were no promos. I will come back for Celine Dion! I must see her in concert. I believe she's there for another 3 years.
3	It isn't what it used to be and it's starting to show its age compared to the newer more high end casinos next door (Bellagio, Aria, Vdara) However, there still is a lot to see and do a Caesars. The forum shops are still my favorite place to shop on the strip and the ceiling is one of the highlights. We don't gamble much, but every time I walk into Caesars I walk out with a little money unless she wants to go to the mall. The rooms are nice, but again there are better rooms in Vegas for much less... I guess there are perks to being an iconic Vegas hotel.
1	What a dump.  I had stayed here several years ago for a conference and was back in town this week for another trade show.  Instead of being at the Venetian or the Wynn, I was one of the few unlucky ones who got stuck at Caesar's.  Let's just do a quick rundown of what was crummy about my stay there:- Official check-in is at 4 PM but my room wasn't ready until 5:30 PM.- Room was in the Roman Towers which smells musty.  - TV was broken, 2 lights were out, 1 flickered, and there was no TV remote.  Not offered a room switch although I should have insisted on one. - Paul Mitchell convention with tons of young hairdressers who unfortunately were in the room next to me and got back drunk every night at 3-4 AM yelling & screaming.  Rooms don't have much sound insulation so I heard much of their conversation.  It also took the Front Desk over 15 minutes to send someone up 2 times to get to finally shut up.  I wasn't offered another room either or a comp.  - $25/day to use the gym which had the cheap eclipital machines, no rowing machines and a single bench press.  YMCA typically have more impressive gyms and equipment especially in regards to free weights.   - There is no express check-out.  It took over 30 minutes just to hand in my key & get my room receipt.    It is clear as day that Caesar's has been really hit by the economic downturn & really been skimping as much as possible on room maintenance.  Also not a place that is business traveler friendly as evidenced by the disaster that is the check-in/check-out process.  It never was a great place for service but you frankly get better service from the Front Desk at a Motel 6.  The only good thing about the stay was that the bed was comfortable & the bathroom had a shower & tub.  I would have just been better off staying at the Hard Rock or another place off the Strip instead.
3	Holy crap this hotel is HUGE?! How many towers of rooms do they have?!I've been to Vegas soo many times and I have never once stay here. I FINALLY had the opportunity to stay here and it was pretty nice, however, I feel that it's not worth the price. You could stay at just as nice or nicer hotel for a cheaper or the same rate, respectively.FYI, They charge for every little thing. For example, it cost $1.50 for them to transfer a call from our room to Serendipity!Because Caesars has been around forever, some of their rooms need some remodeling and need to fix their showers, specifically have hot water.
4	Definitely beats the last hotels I stayed at, palazzo and PH, but not as great as those higher end hotels (cosmo, wynn). We got the rewards membership and got discounted rooms, pretty decent room. Very clean and simple. The great thing about this hotel is that it is HUGE and there's SO MUCH to do. The forum shops are great. Lots of stuff to do in Caesars! Check in isnt till later in the day but we were able to check in early before noon. I recommend people to  try to checkin early if they want and most likely you'll be able to get your room early, since rooms are usually available. If I had to save money I'll def stay at this hotel. Its inbetween 2 great nightclubs, XS and Marquee, right in the middle of the strip. So many restaurants and shops and things to do in Caesar, you really can't go wrong at this classic hotel.
3	My room was in the old tower...my bad didn't t know that one sucks. Thin walls and a tube tv? Wasn't in room much thank goodness
3	As Casinos go, this place was good.  I loved my room which was huge, it had a walk in shower, great beds, couch, mini-bar.  I think the staff is what made my stay as good as it was.  I was disappointed that the buffet was shut down and there was a lot of remodeling going on.  I know once it is done it will look great.  I will stay here again. I do hate the fact that you must pay for internet, there is no coffee in the room and water is so high.  Its Vegas
4	If you know me and you know me well then you know I love the movie, The Hangover.Of course, I have to throw out a few references...Julius Caesar really didn't live there.The place is pager friendly but I'm taking cool points away from you to be on the web reading this review with a pager on your hip.You won't find pay phones here.I suppose this review is about the gambling experience I had here --- AWESOME. What a really cool place to hangout for the night. From what I understand this place is old but the atmosphere here is amazing. I would have thought that this place was recently built because everything here appears brand new. Everything here is taken care of daily and taken care of well. All things appear brand new to me.People smoke here but the place doesn't smell like cigarettes. You'll find lots of action going on here even late at night or early in the morning (however you look at it). The dealers at the tables (I'm a craps shooter) are extremely friendly and they made my experience very memorable. You'll find a few different nightclubs here, Pure, being one that I previously reviewed.One quick funny story. I was here in November 2010 with two friends who wanted to turn $200 into a $1,000 over a few hands of black jack. The dealer, a very old Asian man with a thick accent, spent almost six or seven minutes cutting the cards in front us and didn't say a single word to anyone (I was just watching my friends gamble). I was wondering why the hell it was taking him so long and within five hands and not even five minutes of dealing my buddies were each out $200. I suppose this dealer was trying to provide some sort of experience because dammit Vegas will get you.I plan on making several more trips in my lifetime to Sin City and will soon not only patronize Caesar's Palace for gambling purposes but for the hotel stay, clubbing and for dining. You must visit this place if you are Las Vegas.
5	I really enjoy the  "feel" of this place!  It's difference from the new Vegas . It still has the MAGIC  I  expect from Vegas.  I don't really care for many of the newer hotels,  I feel they have non of the old time charm of the "rat pack" days.
1	Overall it was ok, but I left with a really bad taste in my mouth and I won't ever come back. They charged me $15 a day for Internet access PER DEVICE! So, my wife and I got online with both of our laptops and both iPads. They charged us $60 for the day. Shame on me for not reading the tiny print, but that's ridiculous. I know Vegas is all about squeezing every last dollar out of you, but I thought they had a little more respect for their customers than that. I don't care how the rest of the stay was, if you screw me that bad, I won't ever come back.
2	I've stayed at Caesar's multiple times, usually when visiting for March Madness, Bachelor's Party, or other guys weekend.  The rooms have normally been fair-to-good and the convenience to the restaurants, sports book, and casino cannot be beat.  However, I recently visited for business and actually wanted a nice, quiet room where I could work and sleep and I would NOT return to Caesar's for that purpose.  Paid up for Octavius Tower (newest bldg), my room was next to the freeway with semi-trailer noise, the room wasn't very clean, there was noise coming through the vents (no joke), the pillow top beds are mediocre... Overall it was overpriced by 80% compared to other hotels. So if you're in Vegas to party and gamble with the guys, get a room in the old towers, you probably won't be worried about sleep anyhow.  If you're here on business or with your wife, seek a different property.
3	Great place on the strip to stay Their rooms are hit or miss!! I was in an outdated version that had a bathtub right next to the bed. Tacky!  Shops at the hotel are amazing and they have a lot of great restaurants to choose from.
1	Nightmare wedding location. I had a wonderful planner on the wedding side named Lindsay and she has nothing to do with what comes next. Caesars just cancelled my wedding ceremony venue 3 weeks out due to ignorance in construction permitting that led all brides until August to find a new venue outside of the Juno Garden. I have already paid for invitations programs etc with this info on it. I'm sure there will be no reimbursement for this at all. Thanks for ruining my wedding day and all keepsakes from it. You construction manager should be fired and sued for incompetence. In the meantime my wedding is ruined and potentially thousands of other girls who got that call saying from today trough August all weddings aren't happening at the Juno Garden. Furthermore I tried to work last ear with your citywide group to secure a reception venue and they consistently blew me off and misquoted me and changed sept heads over the 3 months forcing me to secure a reception venue off property as well. Not a good sign Caesars it looks like you are on the decline despite years of supremacy on the strip. So beyond disappointed.
3	This is just for the casino and shops. It's a really nice area that actually has some peaceful spots as well. Lots to do between eating, playing slots, table games and places to shop.  The chair lift was broken when we were trying to get up to another part, so we had to walk around an entire different area of the casino. When we told the security guard, he didn't really seem concerned. It would've been nice if someone was.
4	Stayed in the newest tower. Octavius.  Opened Jan 2012.  Nice room.  Qua Spa and fitness center was awesome. Great location. The Forum offers unlimited dining and shopping.  Good conference hotel. Casino a little too smokey but otherwise had a god experience
4	Finally stayed here - awesome! Great room and great view!
4	I have stayed at several hotels on the strip over the last year or so, but this week was my first time at Caesar's. I really enjoyed it. The place is so huge that you really don't even have to leave (except it's Vegas, so you have to). There are a ton of shops, plenty of restaurants and the rooms are really nice.Pro's:My room had a single king sized bed, a large walk-in shower with bench, small couch and over-sized chair. All of the furniture was very comfortable. The pool area, forums, and casino floor is all very nicely done and modern.Con's:Access to the gym is an extra $25/day. Wi-Fi is $14.99 per day. The mini-fridge has weight sensors, so if you move an item (without using it), you can get billed. Parking feels like it is a mile walk.Nevertheless, I think Caesar's is a great spot. It's affordable, has nice rooms, and is right in the middle of the strip.
3	10 bucks for wi-fi?! Cheap bastards.
2	Octavius Tower is a bust. So they finally opened up their fancy new tower after a 4 year hiatus.  I'm thinking they should have kept it closed.  It's new but that's about all there is to it. Looks like they defaulted to cheap fixtures and trimmings.  and the white light that is pervasive in the elevators all the way to the room bathrooms is just a bad design choice.walls are paper thin, the slightest sound in the hallways projects and amplifies into the room.  sounds from the adjoining rooms are also crystal clear. I'm going to stop here. try it to believe it.
2	Every time I come here, I always have to fight the urge to ask them if the real Caeser lived here. Every, freaken, time.Ok, so down to the review. I don't like this place. I just don't think the gambling floor is comfortable and conducive in its layout. For the size of the hotel, the buffet is kind of weak. The selection is limited and the food is forgettable. The vibe of this hotel is also teetering to "old", due to natural causes of aging but its more apparent when you compare this hotel to the other new kids on the block, i.e. Cosmo, Aria, Wynn, Venetian. It's still steps up from Bally's-esq type hotels, but Caeser's is no longer synonymous with upscale.The rooms... If you're unlucky, you'll get the Octavious Tower (I believe) and have to walk a mile to arrive at the elevators to your room. Also, if you book a regular room, you'll run the risk of staying in a room that is on par with the room at the Motel 6. The nice thing about Caesers is that its part of the Harrah's properties, so if you record your play, you can get rewards at the other casinos like Planet Hollywood, Ballys, Flamingo, Rio, etc.Perhaps the best thing about staying at Caesers are the Forum Shops. The ever-evolving forum shops are still cool to stroll through and pick up a few things.
4	We stayed in the Octavius Tower. I loved it. I had no problems with noise & It was very nice looking (I'm not some high-end, rich person though). I wanted to compliment their service answering the phones. Every time I needed to contact them the person on the other end of the phone was SOO nice! Extremely nice. It instantly put you in a good mood!
2	I don't really go for nice hotels (as long as there's a bed & a shower I'm happy), but my papi decided he would take me here for a night for the experience. He chose this because this hotel is... Caesar's Palace! Caesar lived here! Of course we'd love to experience this, too.Checking in took forever. We were unaware that you can check in thru text 24 hrs prior to your check in day, so we didn't do that. It took 45 mins before we can have our room keys and the bellhop to take our bags to the room. And so we enter the room... It was nice! I loved it! There's a bed, a purple couch... Ooops. The couch has a stain. We check out the bathroom. A tv in the mirror too! Just like the Flamingo! And the spa tub? None. The view? The strip... If not for the Colosseum blocking it. The comforter looked dusty-white, and the hidden part of it under the pillows were white-white. I wonder when they last washed these linen! Papi got confused. Our room should come with a spa tub and all the works. So he called guest services. They said we can either stay in this room and we will be given a $50 credit towards food and beverage, or move to our new room. We asked if we can get a credit towards gaming instead. No, they can't do that. So we decide to move to another room instead because we have the Buffet of Buffets and we don't need their f'n food credit, our faces are already stuffed. And we have to use it within our visit. 48 years later, our bellhop has not arrived yet. We came in at this hotel at 1pm, and it is now 3pm.So... We FINALLY went to our new room. I know this hotel have different towers but this ours was just a freaking far walk! But, when I got in the new room, voila!!! It's twice the size of the other room! The bathroom is the size of our apartment living room. You can actually put a couch in there and a love seat and there will still be room for our flat screen... and the spa tub! No stains on the couches this time... And our view was the pool... or should I say pools. Pools of glory. Super fancy!But.I would not have stayed here if not for the deal my husband found. I would come back to say hi to Caesar and maybe to try the Qua Spa (good reviews), but not to book a room. Unless somebody else pays for it.
4	4.5 Stars.  Casino is always busy and crowded, but the dealers are very friendly.  Room was okay, not much better than other casinos on the strip.  What you really pay for is the great service.  Friendly and prompt.  I docked half a star because beverage service needed some severe revamping.  Waited almost 15 minutes for a waitress to come and waited another 15 for my drink.
3	We stayed here for a bachelorette  party! Woot! Woot! I'm kind of a hotel whore and I loved it! It's such a nice and classy place. The place is also HUGE! I've never been to a hotel where we didn't need to leave the whole weekend. The only time we left was to get Subway across the street. The only damper was that the TV didn't work. So, they gave us hotel credits but then they didn't work and had to go back and I hate that! I still drank and someone else went but still...it sucked for that person. The club is definitely a little outdated but I loved the patio area and the fact that I didn't have to wait in line because I'm a girl? I guess. Success!
4	I definitely recommend the Octavius and Augustus towers. Room was fabulous since it was newer. I also appreciated how close the towers exited to the strip.
1	I'm not sure if I've ever given only 1star but this hotel is horrible! Thank God we did not actually stay here! We had a trade show at Caesars all week and had the worst service I have ever experienced, especially for how much money we spent. I am so happy we decided to stay almost next door at Treasure Island, they were great and cheap!At Caesars, It seems like they hire people from off the street for their staff because no one knows where anything is and can not answer any questions or direct you to anyone that can.Every time I picked up the phone to call for anything I was on hold for at least 5min before having to hold another 5min to speak to someone that could help with anything. The trade show was 5days and I do not know how many times I had to call to find where our luggage had been taken to or never getting items that we ordered and paid for. They lost our luggage for several hours and still charged us per bag for drop off. We absolutely dreaded coming back each day. The entire hotel reeks of smoke, and for a Vegas hotel to stand out like that, they have to really be bad. The absolute worst service EVER! I would rather stay at some cheap motel then have to deal with their incompetence and lack of customer service ever again.
4	IMO Caesars still holds up very well with all the ultra-posh, fancypants newer hotels and casinos.  A Vegas Classic!
5	I stayed in the Palace tower and it was wonderful.  This was by far the nicest hotel I have stayed at in Las Vegas.  The room was a bit of a walk from the strip so bring your walking shoes.  Other than that everything was 1st class!
4	Don't remember playing too much here, as we came by Caesar's Palace around 4 in the morning one night however I do remember how beautful everything was! and DANG this place is huge. I wish we would of spent some more time here, but with only a week and so much to do, we had to run around as much as possible. I will definitely return and may even consider staying at Caesar's as it's location on the Vegas strip is smack dap in the middle!All I have to say is, who let the dogs out!
2	Caesar is tired and so is his palace.  Service is weak, problems don't get dealt with. Everything is overpriced beyond acceptability, I know it's a "resort" in a touristy town, but sorry, $14 for a pint of beer is stupid.  I guess I was stupid not to ask.  Not a fan, bordering on 1 star.
5	Once again here is another non-food review, but after seeing some of the ones on here I felt compelled to do this..Hail Caesar!So first and foremost, I think for what is actually given room wise the price is more then adequate..I have my total rewards card and I'm not sure if it helps out or not, but I always have found the room rates to be well within the price range and certainly well worth every penny when it's all said and done..I have seen in some reviews that price is an issue and I pose the question of why you go through with it then..GO TO A MOTEL 6 and at the very least not hold Caesar's liable for your poor judgement!I have stayed in both the Forum Tower and just recently the Augustus Tower which once there I don't think I can stay anywhere else! The room we had literally faced the Bellagio (even from the bed laying down I was staring right at the "O" sign outside of the Bellagio) and is about twice or even three times the size of my apartment..How can you go wrong with that? The deluxe room had a king bed, couch, "dining area", and of course the most kick booty view ever all for as I said above an AFFORDABLE price! Overall, I really don't see myself going back to anything lower then what I experienced here!Staff wise I had no issues at all during the entire trip..I mean everyone from casino attendants to security smiled and said hello so certainly the other reviews with non cordial individuals seems out there to me, but who knows maybe I just got lucky? Either way I have no complaints nor have I ever been mistreated during my 2 stays there for that matter.I do admit that having a Tower Room makes it easier to walk to the parking structure when it's time to actually go back home, but having the Augustus Tower room definitely made a difference when tired from walking the strip as it was right at the front of the casino..I guess that's a tit for tat sort of deal right?Before I ramble I can say this..It is not that far off price wise from any other hotel WORTH staying at and it's good to feel catered to and if I have felt like Caesar himself after my stays here then they are doing something right. I'm anxious to come back for many more outings and innings..Haha
4	Great hotel.. Nice view of the strip from the rooms
5	It was more like 4 1/2 stars, since our stay wasn't flawless. In my opinion this was among the most aesthetically  pleasing casinos in Vegas.          It's not cheap, but our room was top notch. One of the most overused (but true) cliches is "You get what you pay for".  The room was spacious, exceptionally clean, and we had an awesome view of the strip from our window. However, my favorite feature was the giant jacuzzi tub with large roman tapestry designs on each size (I'm a sucker for large bathes).          My only minor complaint was with the room service. Our breakfast was about 15 minutes late and they forgot our sides. I know that sounds a little nit-picky, but for the price paid for the service, I felt it needed to be flawless.           I also appreciated the large fountain and aquarium in the shopping area and all the roman replica statues and busts. The casino/shopping  area have a lot cool little details so be sure to look around.         Overall, if the opportunity arose I'd be thrilled to stay here again.
4	My husband booked a room in the Forum tower (through Costco) and we were upgraded to a suite when we arrived.  It was very nice in terms of size and comfort, but it could have used a little updating (chipped paint, worn textiles, etc.). For a free upgrade, it was fabulous, but I think I would have been annoyed if we paid rack rate for it.  The Forum tower was very convenient for the pool and for parking.  We had a bit of difficulty locating any empty lounges at the pool, but we eventually found two and had a good time.  The poolside drinks were a bit pricey, but I think that's true of all similar situations.  All of the employees with whom we interacted were extremely friendly and helpful.  We were very happy with our experience here, and we will likely stay here again.
3	It's unfortunate that I stayed at Caesar's AFTER I stayed at The Cosmopolitan, because the former is obviously older. Nevertheless, even without the comparisons, my opinion of the hotel and grounds is merely average.The most important thing in a hotel is the quality of rooms. I stayed in the Palace Tower, one of the relatively renovated/new-looking towers I believe, in a nice room on the 12th floor with a view of the beautiful pools. The room was nice, if a little on the plain and small side, with a good large bed, a couch, a desk, a flat-screen TV, closets with hangers, a makeup station with lighted mirror for vain chicks like le girlfriend, and a large bathroom - which actually consisted of two mini-bathrooms each with their own toilets (mine had a bidet, something my butt was pleasantly surprised by) - connected by a shower with two separate heads; there was also a large jacuzzi on one side. One of the shower heads didn't go hotter than lukewarm, and the shower drain sucked liquid slower than a person recovering from a stroke, forcing us to stand ankle deep in the dirty water if we showered for too long. Other than the shower problems, the room was alright, if a little too classical for my tastes. Then again, that's the whole theme of Caesar's.The hotel and property are enormous. Maybe TOO enormous, especially for the fat lazy denizens of our good country. Expect to take about 10 minutes to travel from your room to the strip during the beginning of your stay. The restaurant offerings inside are decent (Bradley Ogden is a very nice, Michelin-starred choice). Additionally, the hotel is connected to the Forum Shops, a large collection of designer stores and restaurants. The casino is large and has the largest poker room on the Strip I believe, but the card tables don't have automated shufflers, so the long shuffles broke the pace of the games.The aesthetics of the hotel are pretty great; Roman and classical styles are everywhere, from Corinthian columns to grand fountains and statues. Marble (or faux-marble) comprises all the hallways. Best of all, the pools here are probably one of the best on the Strip - they have 4 or 5 pools, some pool club, and a hot tub, and all of them are arranged together in a really aesthetically pleasing way, with columns and statues rising up out of and flanking the pools. Oh and yeah, if the amazing reviews for the spa here, Qua Spa, didn't convince you, let my charming good looks do that for you: GO THERE. Ultimately, this is a classic of Vegas, but I don't know if that means it's great. It's certainly a decent hotel, with both pluses and minuses, but I don't think the rooms (or the casino) can compare with newer hotels. Like the COSMO YAYY.
2	VERY beautiful hotel. Inside-Outside. BUT! The workers are mean. I stayed there once for a bachelor party. They fully shut down the water at 3am, right at that time we came back to our rooms, NO WATER??? R U SERIOUS??? We called them and they told us to take a drinking water from the refrigerator. Really? I need to take a shower! I want to take a shower whenever I need. I'm paying for the room and they just offered couple bottles of drinking water as an compensation. Very funny
5	My sister (the bride to be) booked a special rate for our hotel room about 5 months in advance. We  made two changes to the reservation before coming for our stay. Both times were very easy and I had excellent customer service.My other sister (fellow bridesmaid) checked in while our other sister and I were on our way to Las Vegas. She got an upgrade and it was beautiful.Our stay was great. We were in the towers right next to the pools, PAYARD, and  not too far from the entrance. It was really nice to wake up and think "what should we do today? sit poolside? shop in the forum shops?" We walked from our hotel to places like the Monte Carlo, Venetian, Planet Hollywood, and it was fine. Although there are a lot of places to stay in Las Vegas, I think I will have to come back to Casear's Palace!
4	I went with three friends for St. Patrick's Day (and it was a Saturday). We parked in the back and had such a hard time trying to find check-in. We were constantly getting lost in this place. We had booked two suites but when we got there the man at the check-in counter recommended that we upgrade to a 2 bedroom suite, Augustus Tower Senator Suite. It was actually cheaper for us to get that room for all 4 of us instead of just two separate rooms. That room was amazing. It had a double door entry, a huge living room with a table that seated 6, 4 bathrooms, bidet, large whirlpool tub, two bedrooms, great view. We were in heaven. So many amenities, I could have left my toiletry bag at home. Fantastic time at the beautiful Caesar's Palace.
5	Great Hotel..... super nice staff great shopping mall....... I will see u soon again.
4	We had a king bed in the Augustus tower and the room was really spacious! It came with a sofa, round table, plenty of drawers.. his/her sink, stand up shower, tub with jets.. (too bad the jets didn't work during our stay).  I love the location!  It's close and centralized on the strip so you can either go north or south to find more.  The Augustus tower is by far my favorite here! I've stayed in other towers but they don't compare (otherwise I'd remember them!)..  Luckily I've seen a few celebrities here as well (Tito Ortiz and Daughtry to name a few).
4	Recently stayed at Augustus tower and the room was really spacious It came with a sofa, round table, plenty of drawers.. his/her sink, stand up shower, tub with jets. I was really impressed and i had a great view of the bellagio fountain at night time i would watch the show the pool is also very nice with a nice bar I'll definitely comeback :)
4	I really love Caesar's Palace. Located in the middle of the strip with just about everything you need. A nice mall to walk around to spend your winnings, food everywhere from pricey Spago to cheaper food court....hotel rooms are spacious and nice as well. Definitely one of my favorite hotels in terms of practicality! For looks, it's nice, but I personally like the theme/colors of Cosmo and Aria.Oh, and the fact that it has Payard makes it even better!
5	I really love, love, love, Ceasar's Palace! We had comp tickets for a deluxe suite, and although they were free the Hotel did not skimp on the luxury!!! The spa OUA, Fab Fab Fab, the pampering although pricey was undeniably the top of the line. Location is everything in Vegas, in my opinion even though I don't gamble. I did go there for a vacation, which to me meant sleep rest and sleep some more. The bed was super plush, the shower great. I just cant say enough. Staff super polite, This will be my place of choice next time.
3	It's amazing how they keep building this place to the size it is.  From the outside, it really looks like a huge empire with their enormous towers spreading all over the horizon. Inside, Caesars is still classy as always, but the older towers are really outdated and rather than remodel they've expanded.  I was able to stay in the newest Octavius towers this time around, the last time I stayed at Caesars was over 5 years ago and I remember the room being small and dingy.  They called it a suite, but it's about the size of a regular room. What was convenient is it's located right around the corner from check-in and overlooked their recently remodeled swimming pool with a great view.  The bathroom area is huge though with a jacuzzi bathtub.  We were hoping for a jacuzzi in the middle of the room, though but it wasn't.  Also we were expecting it to be big enough for 3 people (a suite with a large couch they said) but it was smaller than pictured and the couch was uncomfortable so we ordered a roller bed which cost $30 a night.  Wireless Internet access also costs about $12 a night too.I will say that their swimming pool is a good reason to stay at Caesars.  There are about 5 pools in the area with a couple jacuzzis on the side, and a blackjack swim up resort style area as well (not worth playing though,double down on 10&11 only, no re-split Aces, no surrender).  There are ample amounts of free lounge chairs, which is important because of the amount of pool loungers. You can also charge drinks to your room from the waitresses but you'll need to bring your id.  Prices for a large slushee drink here (pink lemonade, pina colada, strawberry dacquiri) ranged from $13 for a small and $17 for a large.The Forum Shops and the plentiful full bars scattered thoughout.  Bobby Flay has his Mesa restaurant her too.  Negatives are the only late night 24 hour restaurant (Cenral Michel Richard) is over-priced and the food wasn't very good. They're trying to be more foodie friendly and more than the avg bar but at 2am we're not really looking for that.  I guess we could've ordered room service but they said it would be at least a 1 hr wait and I was hungry.  The food court by parking has decent selections, but whatever you do don't go to the Lobster Chowder place!!!! Go across the street to Planet Hollywood for lobster roll fix or get something else instead if you must. Seriously!!!
2	I have never had worse service in a hotel than this past weekend at Caesar's- we found the guest's before us underwear in our room, it took 6 hours for them to bring us an extra blanket and 24 for the extra pillows- our wake-up call never came- this is supposed to be a world class hotel- I don't think so- and when i told the staff about these instances- they just couldn't be bothered and the manager shrugged and said it's a holiday weekend- we don't have the staff- then hire more people- hello
3	The shopping is phenomenal....! The structures are so Caesar...! Reminds me of when I was in Greece on vacation...!
5	The 5 star review is based on customer service- amazing!I was there for Memorial weekend- and everybody knows any holiday in LV is crazy... Sergio at the check in counter was suuuper helpful. He was able to get the two rooms I had booked upgraded complimentary and they were connecting.I would give 3.5 to the "upgraded rooms"... They were so plain and standard I wondered why they were considered an upgrade. But I was thankful the checkin process was smooth and easy on a holiday weekend- so any room there would have been fine.In all honesty- I'm not sure if I would stay here again... For the money- I'd stay at another hotel... But I'm really happy to know that their customer service goes the extra mile.
4	Great room, and the service was definitely two thumbs way up. They made sure my stay was top shelf! Room service was prompt and on key! Will i stay here again... Definitely.. The weather was great (108 degrees on friday) and the pool was hoppin. Great music and good times.
4	Before we arrived I was already calling concierge for help!  They are so friendly!  No matter where in the hotel you stay, at least where we stayed, it was close to everything you wanted to do, Pool, Gambling, Food.  Easy access to across the street and the Shops at Cesars!  Oh HEAVEN!  And my newest addiction is the Craps Machine, Yes, Machine!
4	Caesars was awesome easily one of the best hotels that I have ever stayed in, I mean what isn't there to like.  First off the place is massive, just flat out huge, multiple restaurants, multiple bars and of course an assortment of slots and table games for your gaming pleasure.The pool area is magnificence; I believe there are good 7 or 8 different pools for your swimming and also ogling pleasure.  Chairs are on a first come, first serve basis, so get out there early to snag the prime locations.The room I stayed in was amazing, probably bigger than my apartment, huge King size bed, a couch and two arm chairs.  The bathroom alone was a prize, huge walk in shower with dual showerheads, a huge Jacuzzi tub that could comfortable fit two or more people. Two separate toilets in two different rooms and also a bidet and nothing says classy hotel like a bidet.The only downsides are that it is super pricey, 8 dollars for an aluminum bottle of Miller Lite at the pool side bar is a bit extreme. 25 dollars for a Long Island ice tea poolside. Everything is way more than it should be but then again it is Vegas and on the strip, so you should know what to expect.The TV was acting very bizarre, the channel would randomly change to the menu screen several times by itself and then it would be impossible to change the channel off of the menu screen.  Finally called down to the front desk and they were able to reset the TV but then the TV would no longer turn on, called again and they sent someone to replace the batteries, they seemed to fix the issue but it was still an annoying situation.Also for some reason I was standing on the side of the tub and noticed that the paint was chipping in the ceiling above the mirror, come on Caesars you're a classy establishment, you've got to be more through with your upkeep.Still wonderful hotel and definitely looking forward to a return visit.PS I won 52 dollars on a penny slot, like I said what's not to like.
5	My favorite Las Vegas Hotel!I hardly get to stay here because of how expensive it can be but I usually try to stop on in when I'm out in Sin City.
5	I love this hotel.  The rooms are luxurious and spacious the restaurants are a plenty and the buffet is hands down the best buffet in town.The shopping in the Forum shops is some of the best, from luxury like Prada and Gucci to affordable like H&M you cannot go wrong.The place is just truly amazing and worth every dime to stay here.
4	I was really not expecting this place to be so nice. I used to work for the company that owns Caesars, so I had insider information. The one in AC is OK, but the one in Vegas is fabulous!Where do I begin? The rooms are spacious and lovely. The beds are comfy. The views from the upper floors are amazing! One side faces the Bellagio fountains, the other faces the Caesars pool. The bathrooms are insane! HUGE, and they come with stand up showers AND enormous jacuzzi tubs. You can literally fit 3 people in that tub comfortably. The pool is beautiful, clean and also enormous. They have great frozen drinks, hot waitresses, comfy poolside chairs. The bars are great, the restaurants are cool. The go-go dancers are amazing eye-candy. Sheesh! I loved every second of my stay here, and to make things even better? On my way out, I dropped $1 in a slot machine as an afterthought and won $300! What's better than that?Hats off to you, Caesars Vegas, you made me actually enjoy my stay in that godforsaken town.
1	this review is only based on my experience here. Overall the hotel is huge and nice. rooms are comfortable. So we checked in and they ask us smoking or non smoking. we told them non smoking. we than go to our room and guess what it was smoking. so we called to have them move us. And after driving 6 hours we just wanted to relax. they told us there is nothing they can do for us and they will send a machine that would clear the smell. We didnt like the idea but watever. But we have to leave the room for one hour."One Hour Later"We go to a bar and have some rounds. we go back to the room and the guy who drop off the machine must have lite a cig in the room bc it was worse now. My wife called and talk to someone for about 20 mins just to find out that there is nothing they can do until tomorrow. we ask for corporate number and the women refused to give it to us. she was very pushy and demanding. so we had to sleep in that smell which we hate."Next Morning"We call at 8am bc the front desk told us to call first thing in the morning. Lady was very rude and told us there is nothing they can do we have to wait until 11:00. Finally we get a new room around 1:00pm"Around 4:00pm"At the casino changing some money the cashier throws me the money. and yells NEXT. isnt there job to tell you good luck."Next Next Morning"Go to valet to pick up my car. guy didnt even look at me wanted for 20 mintues and after i started to see people who arrived after me get in there cars. So i had to approach the valet guy to figure out where is my car. No one got it.Im sure this hotel has tons of employees but during our stay we spoke to all the ones that were having a bad day and bad attitude.
3	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) As grand as you expect it to be...or saw in The Hangover :p2) Swanky Greco-style! Amazing artwork, decor, and definitely Caesar salad ballerness3) I'd recommend it most certainly, but prepare to pay some mooola $$ cuz you won't be saying "It aint no thang"Cons:1) Could put more emphasis on giving the vibe of each guest being royalty...but I guess that's just logisitically impossible or too costly...but I'd say I should feel like a friggn Caesar in my PALACE! (gorgeous people feeding me grapes, transportation by human-drawn chariots, my own personalized robes with gold embroidery, a platter of roasted boar and fresh fruits, wine by the jugs!) NOW THAT's Caesar-ness
2	Nice, fancy place compared to the Harrahs, but I wish I could go back to the Harrah's Hotel! We decided to treat ourselves to a "nicer" hotel for our last couple nights in Vegas. But for the price, it's not worth it. I had to call engineering twice to fix the t.v. (fuzzy picture) and the sink (clogged ). Then the sink clogged up again . No one that works here gives information freely , you must ask for details,otherwise no one will tell you what you really need to know. We also had a terrible experience w/a casino attendant while asking help with the slot machine -    (Christy) she was very rude and nasty. There are plenty of choice hotels here, don't choose this one. The Celine concert was excellent, however!
2	One of my 'Must Do's for Vegas was the buffet. A cab driver suggested the one at Caesars as many of the others have "gone downhill." Words cannot explain my disappointment. The buffet is extremely small and lacking selection. As a matter of fact, one of the local casinos in my home town is about 3 times larger and 100% better for the same price. For the buffet to be that of such a grand hotel and in a grand location, I was dumb-founded at it's mediocrity.
1	Attended a conference last last month.  Had never stayed there, but had fond memories from my younger days.In a word, disgusting.  Bathroom tiles had moldy grout. Wood trim and doorjambs around the tub warped, moldy, and dry-rotted.  Ridiculous 70's phone by the toilet that I am sure costs 2.00/min.  No fridge in room, not even a mini-bar.  Staff could care less about you as a guest - not one even a hint of a smile.Worst thing was the pool - we wondered why it closes at 4pm?  Happened to be in the pool area after hours, saw a roach, then 2, then 16, then 128 - we left before the invasion overhwelmed us - apparently they own the pool after dark.  Like someone turned off the lights and the real nightlife of Vegas came out to play.Cant imagine having people, especially kids sitting on the same pool deck and loungers covered with roaches the night before - shouldn't this be some kind of healthcode violation?And the food was terrible - bland, uninspired, did not have a good meal on property.  Had better meals at in my highschool cafeteria than here.My first and last overnight stay at this hotel - the nerve to charge 160/night for what I consider worse than a 50$-a-night motel six.
1	I had my wallet stolen here. I knew exactly what machine I was sitting at because I had just put $20 in when I realized it was missing a few minutes later. Security claimed they would "check their security tapes" and offer me compensation, which never happened. They were not apologetic at all, as if this happens all the time. I didn't like the tone in which they spoke to me, as if I was lying or had dropped it. No. I was playing at a machine and know the *exact* moment I reached into my purse to get more money and the wallet being gone. It's a little bit my fault for having a baggy purse and I won't be using it again EVER, but I felt as if their security lacked any type of customer service experience. I will never, ever come back here again if they are that relaxed about theft or monitoring the gaming floor.
4	Regardless of how long this hotel has been here, it is one of the most famous hotels in the world. The clientele here are older and classier than what you may see at the Palms, Cosmopolitan or any of the other Harrahs Caesars properties (Flamingo, Bally's, Harrah's etc.) It's no coincidence the Hangover movie chose to film parts of their movie in this hotel/casino. One of the drawbacks of this hotel is maybe that the casino floor is too big, and it sometimes may be too big and you can get lost in it if it's your first time there. The casino has an elegant pool as well. The casino has awesome Greco-Roman artwork and architecture; patterned to the liking of we studied about Greece and Italy in school or when you go visit those places. Water fountains are also just as elegant. One of the best things about Caesars is that it is located in the center of the strip at Flamingo and the Las Vegas Boulevard. Just hop over the sky bridge and you are at Bellagio or Bill's across the street. There is easy access to self parking here if you use the back road of Frank Sinatra Drive and turn into Jay Sarino Ave.  Caesars is also connected to the Caesars Forum shops, the biggest upscale retail in Las Vegas. As for shows, Celine Dion and Elton John have live shows in their big theater and Shania Twain is supposed to come at the end of the year. I also noticed they are building a Nobu Japanese restaurant which should open at the end of the year. I enjoyed the customer service from the concierge, casino dealers and even janitors. I highly recommend tourists to browse around this casino if it's their first time, if they do not want to stay here because it is somewhat on the pricer end of the spectrum as, say the Imperial Palace across the street. But definitely a famous hotel and cornerstone on the Las Vegas strip.
4	Stayed for three nights- great location on the strip, and no resort fees. The Augustus tower was close to the lobby, had a Starbucks next to the elevators, and my room had a view of the Bellagio fountains. Room was clean- two queen beds, a sofa, a desk, and a couple of chairs and a table. Bathroom had two sinks, a TV, separate shower & tub and separate room for the toilet. Housekeeping was quick with all requests.Checked in a few hours early but they still managed to find a room for us. There's a bunch of stuff to do in Caesars- numerous restaurants, bars, the Forum Shops and of course the casino. If you do manage to leave the hotel, most everything is within relative walking distance. As much as I like staying in a different hotel each time I visit Vegas, I would definitely consider staying at Caesars again.
4	I am only reviewing the venue as I didn't actually stay in the hotel.I arrived here for the EVO Championship Competition (It's a video-game fighting tournament.) to check out the new games coming out and also to support some of the vendors.Casinos and hotels in Vegas are always very luxuriously and decadent and here is no acception. There are amazing paintings on the walls and roofs and giant statues of Greek... people throughout the building. Its bright and left me awestruck (First time visitor) and I was snapping my camera left and right trying to take it all in.I don't know how many people on Yelp go to comic book conventions or video-game expos but for those who don't know: There is always a SERIOUS funk in the air. I'm not kidding. A large room with a ton of guys who put their lives in video games and comic books, and not so much into personal hygiene, it's gonna have a musk that could very well bring a tear to your eye. (I'm really being honest and not mean. I promise.) Thankfully, Cesar's Palace has a top notch air conditioning and ventilation system that left everything breezy and light. (Thank you sweet merciful Cesar...)I don't know if it is just me but the staff here seems a bit intimidating! Maybe because there are more bouncers then anything else. There were a few staff members I interacted with that were very nice and helpful. For the most part though I tried to avoid them.Note: Next time I go I want to try this Fat Tuesday place. Everyone was walking around with these amazing looking slushy drinks and I wants one.
3	*they over charged us, put another card down, for incidentals and then they ended up double charging me. Just have to wait til the money gets back in. Annoying.*stayed in the palace tower. LOVED IT, but the bed was not comfy at all.  Overall the hotel is wonderful, I love the topless pool! Lol. It's Cesar's its nice, it has so much to offer I might go back, but the over charging rubbed me wrong. So I'm rating low because of that. They admitted that it was a mistake by the girl at check in... Thought they would give us a better perk rather than "oh opps!":  It's Caesar's
4	Stayed in the Palace tower. Great location. Near the pool and the Forum shops.The hotel is also in the best location on the strip.The pools were great and you never have to fear that you will not get a lounge chair.You must get one of their pool side mojitos - delicious!
5	We stayed in Octavius or Augustus (I forget) in May 2012. The room was very nice and comfortable; I slept like a baby and I showered like a Queen. Concierge bent over backwards for us; their humility and kindness was above excellent. I loved the pool and the service waitress who came by to check if we wanted anything during reasonable intervals. The gambling floor was huge and I often got lost. It seems this was done on purpose, haha. Tip: Bring a hotel map.
5	Cool place! makes me think of Hangover. All the hotels in Vegas are very cool and unique. Not for kids. If i was a kid i would have been very bored
4	I stayed here with a friend for one night.  We had a room with two queen beds on the 26th floor in the Palace Tower. The room was spacious and had a nice view.  The bathroom had a Jacuzzi tub and separate shower,  It was a huge bathroom.  Overall, I thought it was a nice room and would not hesitate to stay in a similar room at Caesar's again.The hotel itself is huge.  The guy at the desk said two miles.  With the Shops and all, I can see that.  The good part is that the width takes up at least a block, maybe even two, so we were able to walk through the Forum Shops in air conditioning and thus avoided  the 108 degree heat for part of our walk to the Venetian.
1	My friends and I shared a room together during Evo 2012 and we stayed at the Roman Towers floor 14. The room was pretty nice, BUT on the day we checked out our friend was removing luggage from the top of the TV Cabinet (pretty tall at least 6 ft) and a DUSTY, OLD, USED CONDOM FELL TO THE GROUND. Idk about you guys, but I was pretty pissed that our room ended up not being cleaned from top to bottom especially with it being Caeser's Palace. My boyfriend called the front desk and explained the situation and they said they'd send up a manager. We got a call about 10min later from front desk saying they'd comp a phone call that was made for $62 (boyfriend had called me "long distance" because it was a call from NV to a CA cellphone - was about 5 minutes long). Obviously that wasn't the point and they ended up sending up the manager. So the manager and another random lady showed up, we explained the story and he pretty much confirmed what had happened. To be honest, I don't think anybody believed us because we all LOOK like we're teenagers but I was the youngest in the room and I am 23, so they probably thought we made everything up.ANYWAYS, 10 min passed and we got another phone call from some random person who was obviously given the task to call us and he said they'd comp us $50 for the room. Our other roommate then chimed in explaining how what had happened was a completely violation to cleaning standards, but nothing else happened. On the way down I reminded them that they said they would comp the WHOLE phone call and not just $50, so when we went to the Check-Out desk we explained to the lady our story and she was happy to do it (of course she was, so we wouldn't cause a commotion most likely). We all remained professional during the entire thing and kept telling them it wasn't about the money, it was just disgusting and they acted like it wasn't a big deal.Anyways, probably never staying here again. Completely grossed out and disappointed with the lack of customer service with this place. Caesar's Palace is going to SH*T.
1	So excited to stay a Caesars Palace for our wedding! So disappointed in our stay. We booked our room over 3 weeks prior to our stay. We booked a room in the Palace Tower that was supposed to have couches and overlooking the pools just as our previous stay. We asked for early check in. When we arrived about 1 pm we were told no rooms were ready yet. They took our cell number and would call. At nearly 5 pmwe went back to check on our room. They assigned us a room. When we got into it the room was NOT the large room as requested when booking. At that time we had a dinner engagement.  Went to from desk next morning at 7 am and politely asked about it. The lady at the front desk was so rude. We told her it was our wedding stay and we just wanted theroom we paid for. She told my husband..oh just go buy her a purse! She did not care at all. At the bar across from the front desk the blond male bartender was worse than rude to our party of 8. He insisted they were out of Makers Mark and Jack Daniels. There were plenty of both on the shelf above the bar at the other end.The concierge was rude when we asked about ordering extra flowers. Caesars took what should have been a very special stay and turned the time there into a non memorable experience.  Money was no object but they have lost out because next time we will go across the street and try the Palazzo!Let's call it the Bait and Switch hotel
3	I was super excited to stay at Caesar's Palace for my 40th birthday.  We booked our room 6 months in advance and had very high expectations.  We stayed at the Palace Tower Room 2618, where the toilet was a constant problem.  It overflowed a few times, leaving the carpets soaked.  I slipped when I went from the carpet to the tile, with my wet feet.  The staff came and fixed the toilet/cleaned the water, but we were never offered another room.  By the sceond day we could not flush the toilet anymore, and it was close to check out time.  The area by our pool lobby smelled like vomit, as did a few of the elevators.  There was a hole in the wall near the door by our room.  This was unacceptable.  There were few cocktail waitresses in the casino.  The place is very large.  Our friends stayed in the Octavius Tower, which was very far and inconvenient.  The sports book could be so much better.  There were two large screen tvs that were very outdated and the tv screens were blurry.  Overall, I expected excellence at this hotel, but what I got was fairness.  I would not stay there again.
3	I stayed here for a Bachelorette Party this past weekend.  On Thurs, we were in room 832 in the Palace Tower.  Room was nice with a view of the pool.  I think it was a small suite.  Only had one bed and one shower but 2 bathrooms.  Bathroom was nice compared to where we ended up staying next.  On Friday to Sunday, we were in a 4-bedroom suite in the Roman Tower in 1182.  This was cool, but I wasn't a fan of the bathroom.  One of the rooms smelled like smoke.  None of us stayed there.  There were 16 girls.  I was surprised that such a nice hotel didn't have flat screen t.v.s yet.  It was nice they had a counter, fridge, and dining table.I did not like the service.  I asked for 16 towels and they asked why.  Then they said, well we can give 4 towels per room, and I was like duh!  4 bedrooms, 4 towels each so 16 total towels.  I also asked for 20 paper cups so we can drink our alcohol.  Waited 30-40 min and said forget it.  Overall, I would stay here again because it is a nice hotel in general.  I think they just need to fix a few things.
1	I WILL NEVER USE VEGAS.COM OR STAY AT CAESARSWe were booked to stay here 7/3 for 2 nights & left after the 1st. The bathroom fixtures were rusted, the bottom of the door was broken & coming apart, urine had ate away at the marble around the toilet the grout around the tub was dirty & moldy. The other doors were 1.5 inches from reaching the floor, we could see out into the hall & into the adjoining room. the air conditioner was very clanking. They sent someone to fix it which was no help. They switched our room to an nicer room that had 1/2 the crystals stolen off the wall sconce chandelier. The blanket had a big hole in it & the lighting was too dim to apply my make-up. We asked where the buffet was & they said it had been closed for month & vegas.com should have told us & they didn't. They suggested we go to Flamingo's buffet which was closed for 4 hours due to a water problem. We then walked to Paris who's buffet was open but were out of food. No meat, no fresh cooked veggies. The salad bar was old wilted lettuce with no tomatoes, cucumbers, tomatoes or other fresh veggies. At least the Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian was outstanding. I will never stay at Caesars and never book from Vegas.com & will tell everyone i know to avoid both of these when booking a Vegas get away
5	About the room my boyfriend and I had:Can I first start off by saying that checking in was probably the most torturous thing... I live in Las Vegas, but I've never had the pleasure of staying at one of the hotels here. Somehow we managed to choose a line with the shortest amount of people but waited longer than those standing lines double ours! And the guy who checked us in put us in the wrong room (and a smile wouldn't have hurt either). Luckily we had a friend who works there looking out for us, we got a call and they promptly brought us our new room keys.Now aside from the waiting and the little mishap... The room was BREATHTAKING. Absolutely better than anything I could have never imagined! We got a suite in the Forum Towers on the 66th floor and the room was divided into a living area and the bedroom. The living area had a dining table big enough for 5-6, two huge windows that covered almost the whole wall with an amazing view of the strip, a large L-shaped couch, a lounging couch, a little coffee table, a TV, and a mini fridge stocked full of everything to quench your thirst (if you don't mind paying the extra money for it...). There was also a little stationary area, a coffee maker and built in controls for the curtains. You may be thinking, "wouldn't it be easier to just pull the curtains shut and open?" Well yes, but doing it with a push of a button is even better! And there's even a little half bath!The room... Oh the room is to die for! There's another huge window in the room with the same great view! A large king sized bed fit for well... a king! It had six super sized pillows and two little throw pillows and all white covers and sheets. Two little couches and another TV. This may sound like it's super cramped in there but it's not! There's more and enough walking space between everything. There's a... (wait for it) lovely walk-in closet that I wanted to steal! The room is very regal looking, yet still has a comfy feel to it.And the bathroom. Oh how utterly amazing the bathroom was... I was looking forward to having a nice relaxing bath before dinner and the wrong room we were in didn't have one so I was super bummed needless to say but this bathroom... oh this bathroom had a wonderfully amazing jacuzzi tub big enough for two! And the shower had 4 different nozzles (and no, that's NOT overkill). One slanted down, one over-top and two on the side; each with it's own knob and a separate temperature knob. The mirror has a build in TV with a touchscreen remote built right into the wall. Of course, there were complementary soaps and lotions and whatnot. There's beautiful marble and travertine tile (or at least their lookalikes) all over the place which gives it a warm and rich feel to it. Not to mention soft and comfy bathrobes in case you don't feel like putting on your clothes after your nice relaxing bath (like me!).Mirrors...  there are mirrors everywhere lol... A top ceiling to floor one in the living area, another in the bedroom and a checkerboard wood framed one behind the bed (for... you know... checking yourself out in the morning...). Everything was nice and clean and everything was perfectly in place. The carpet was very clean, normally I like to bring flip flops when I stay in hotels but I forgot mine this time but my feet didn't get dirty at all so that was a major plus for me!I got a huge break on the price of the room because of my boyfriend's friend, but it was still kinda pricey... However, it was worth every last dollar! And I mean it! We loved the room so much we didn't want to leave, and honestly, I would model my future house based on this room. But checking out was super easy, done right from the TV, which was good because we were running a little late. I highly recommend the Caesar's Palace and if you can, spending a little bit more for one of the suites. Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
2	Is this the real Caesar's Palace, like the one that Caesar stayed in? Methinks not!I was not impressed at all with the casino here. From the outside Caesar's Palace is absolutely beautiful, the arena, the tall pillars, statues and the clean ancient roman structure look. I think there is more hype about the resort than there is excitement. The girls dancing near the black jack table looked bored and lacked enthusiasm. There was definitely quite a bit going here at night with the line for club Pure and all of the casino traffic. Walking through the back area you can head to the gardens and the pool area which is huge and really nice. I will say it is better on the outside than on he inside.
4	We didn't stay here, but we plan on doing so in the future. It's such a BEAUTIFUL place to visit! We walked through the mall area with all of the statues and it was stunning. The kids loved it!  The ceiling of the mall is a blue sky dotted with clouds and the statues are very well done. We were disappointed that the Caesar's moving statues weren't working. That was a downer :-(. However, everything else was lovely and it's a great place to just go walk around and admire. The casino was fun. We played the Wheel of Fortune slots there and won a bit of money :-) The atmosphere is lively and fun. I hope the hotel rooms are as nice as the casino/mall area because that would make it a prime destination. Great place to just cruise and check out the statues. Just don't be surprised if the moving statues don't work :-(
5	Here is my short and sweet 5 star review of our July 2012 stay at Caesars Palace.... We are Total Rewards players and had a very good comp stay but were generously upgraded to the Augustus Tower. An elegant spacious room (3989) with a great Bellagio fountain view! Room was very clean and maintained well by house keeping. Beds were firm with high-end linens and comforters. Well stocked mini bar. Nice Sony plasma tv. Furniture was sharp, comfortable and stylish. The bath was great... All current design marble bath with an over sized jetted deep tub, separate shower, separate water closet and nice Qua Spa bath products. Also a small tv, blow dryer, vanity mirror. The room had a good amount of storage area and a safe, iron and ironing board. Hallways are also beautiful design and very clean. The pool was a big hit with us since Caesars doesnt tolerate or condone a "spring break" scene.... It's a great mix of all ages in a relaxing beautiful setting... They do get busy but chairs are usually available... Food and drink service was great. We really appreciated this well maintained beautiful pool area! We enjoyed massages and relaxation at Qua Spa.... A class act spa... Worth every penny! Lots of food and shopping throughout the property ... Some affordable some expensive. The casino is up to date and lively with lots of machines and tables... Smoke was comparable to other casinos. In conclusion ( I really did shorten this) ....We were very happy with our stay at Caesars... From reservations to check out we were so well taken care of...it really was apparent that management is doing something right and guests are having great experiences! Thank you Caesars!
2	Meh...  I've stayed at better hotels. This was my first time staying here and i really wanted to like it.  I go to Vegas pretty often and have stayed at almost every hotel.  Pros: PoolNice big jet tub in roomsYa that's it for the prosCons:Extremely tight machines.   I went with a group and we felt fortunate to get $30 wins.  Seriously nobody was winning anything.They need more cocktail waitresses.   At one point I played for 2 hours without being offered a beverage.  I called an attendant to find one and he couldn't and told me about his frustrations with their crappy service, and how the waitresses are never around.  We finally went to the bar and paid for one.The room decor was average.  Bathrooms were really nice thoughdidn't really like the food choicesI really expected better.
5	Lifestyles of the (not) Rich & Shameless.You know life is good when you're wading in the Temple pool, water falling down from the fountain above, massaging your head & shoulders, cooling off from the dry Las Vegas heat.  My stay was at the new Octavius Tower, which recently opened at the beginning of the year.  The Augustus & Octavius Towers have a separate entrance & lobby, which successfully segregates VIP' s like me (LOL) from the plebs staying at the more economical Palace Tower.  Early check-in was a breeze, and I was soon on my way to room 6278.  Room - OMFG!  This is nice!  2 queen beds with 4 pillows & a bolster greeted us as we walked in.  A large, flat-screen TV w/ media hub, a Keurig coffeemaker, well appointed minibar & couch were available to peruse at our leisure.  The carpeting was nice & soft, and the room window had a pretty decent view of the Bellagio fountains next door.  The bathroom was spectacular!  There were dual sinks w/ another flatscreen TV, a whirlpool bath and a separate shower w/ a rainfall showerhead & glass door.  I drew a couple hot baths during my stay and enjoyed soaking my old man body, with the jets seemingly making all my worries go away.  The complimentary bath products were Gilchrist & Soames Qua Bath & Spa.  It could be the just the fancy packaging, but they seemed luxuriant.  Pool - The Temple Pool is gorgeous.  Forget going in the afternoon, because it's literally shoulder-to-shoulder.  All someone can do is stand & pee.  I made sure to head to the pool the next day when it opened at 8am.  About 30 patrons had the same idea, but fortunately, they were concerned with confiscating pool chairs for sunbathing.  I had the circular Temple Pool all to myself for around 20 mins, in which I swam and waded underneath 1 of the 4 fountains as described earlier. Great way to cool off.  Complimentary coffee & tea is offered at the Augustus/Octavius lobby during the hours of 7-9 in the morning.  Bonne Maman honey from France is offered in individual mini-jars, of which I have about 10 here at home awaiting for my disposal.  Hey, it's free!  Don't judge!  Across the lobby is a Starbucks in case you don't fancy the free stuff.  BTW, Starbucks located in hotels/casinos don't offer free WiFi.  Bummer.Express checkout was a breeze.  I reviewed my bill on the flat-screen TV, confirmed checkout and left the room keys in the room.  I had the time of my life.  I felt like a foreign diplomat on my way to meet Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton over cucumber sandwiches to discuss diplomacy.  If you have the money to burn, I recommend staying at Caesar's Palace and re-enact your own "Hangover".Good times.Excelsior!
2	Definitely one of my least favorite casinos to be honest. I am not sure if it is because of all the hype that surrounds Cesars palace, or because it just wasn't as fun as all the others such as treasure Island, and the mirage.  Sure there were a few lifeless table dancers, but they werent impressing anybody.We walked through and discovered the Temple Pool with a few people near it, definitely was not impressed with it either since it was far overrated.The statues were nice at least.
5	A great hotel and casino with a spectacular view of the Strip!
3	Caesar's Palace remains classy in an ideal spot along the Strip.  However, I think I enjoy visiting Caesar's more than I do staying at Caesar's.The rooms could be cleaner - I found dirty underwear under the bed in our $350 room in the Octavius Tower!!  In addition, the Octavius Tower is literally half a mile from the main lobby, too much of a trek.The food court is crazy expensive and not exciting.  A redeeming feature is the pool, or should I say pools?  There are over five pools and each offers a different clientele.I would do Caesar's again...if I have a free room.
5	4.5 Had very nice stay at their forum tower suite this time.  We were there for 6 nights 7 days.  This is the third time we stayed in this grand hotel, and I felt I owe this hotel a nice review. We only stayed at the Augustus Tower before,  but this time I wanted a bigger room.  So its between the view of the water show and the roomy suite. There are pros and cons about staying in this tower.Pros:Closer to everything, it's basically in the middle of the hotel.Very spacious suite big enough to have a partyThe suite has very good amenities with neat little convenient features like the curtain control panels for all the windows, privacy button, TV embedded in the bathroom mirror, etc.Hugh walk-in closet with a safe. Nice tub in the suite bathroom.The shower has four different shower head targeting at different area of the body.  Kind of useless in my opinion, but it could be a very nice feature for someone else.Good house keeping service and room service.The peeves.It has no microwave!  The main reason I wanted a suite was to have a microwave, so I can warm up my coffee and tea, etc., Although there is a k-cup machine for coffee, but u can't use it to warm up stuff.  I've never stayed at a suite where there was no microwave.  It use to be $10 to rent one from the hotel when we stayed at the other tower, but they discontinued this service as of last month. Loud A/C, sounded like someone was taking shower in the neighboring room but it turns out it was the A/C.  I didn't get good sleep for the first few nights due to that.Outdated depressing elevator, slow moving and old decor.   Elevator affects people's mood especially if u just lost ur money in the casino.  Depending on which room u get, some rooms have the view of Rio and parking lot, but no view for the Bellagio fountain show.
4	Great hotel and its location is outstanding. Right in the heart of the strip. They have everything you need here, great places to eat and great shopping where you feel like your in Rome. Casino is huge with many tables so you will not be sitting and waiting. The pool? Well that's the best part. Outstanding pool with hunts you can rent and waiter service to you wherever you are in the pool area. They have a tiki bar also and a private section where you can have a VIP party. The crowd is beautiful here so you can just sit and relax. The rooms were very spacious and priced perfect. the Suites are unreal. Next time I go to Vegas, Ceasars it is. There is not one thing bad to say about this place at all, very classy hotel and priced perfect.
4	nice sports center.
4	I was very happy and surprised.I read the reviews of the long waits to check in. I tried to this texting sign in and the technology really did not work. So I started frustrated but when I got in there was no wait. I had a friendly person who upgraded me to the 27th floor on the Palace tower one floor away from the suites.Second the casino and area is beautiful. I really enjoy the area, the shops and the cleanliness of the place. It feels like it remodelled.. The service was great. The toilet broke. I think they addressed it right away. I lost my key and they replaced it very quickly. The staff were just genuinly friendly.The price was a little high but Las vegas is just pricey. That is the way it is.I did not eat there but I think there are a lot of options. I did have a drink at Shadows. It was really nice.I played poker in the poker room. The service was much better than the Flamingo. The only problem they want everyone to play No limit.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!  Management service is awful. Their toilet backed up and did not respond immediately not even to fix problem and make us, their guests happy. We noticed problem at check in.  They did not address issue until night before we left  Upon check out they tried charging us the entire first night and part of the second night!!! This was being done despite their restroom not being of any use to us! My husband was not happy!!! The hotel supervisor was extremely stubborn telling us that was all he could do. How can you expect a guest to stay in a restroom with a backed up toilet. While we were in lobby another couple was waiting with same issue!! After spending an hour arguing with supervisor he only comped part of the first night.  Never ever staying here. I should have read the reviews as it seems others noted the same issue with management doing all they could do to make their guests happy.
1	Caesar's Palace, you are the WORST hotel/casino that I've stayed at during my trips to Vegas.Short story:- Messed up our comps when confirmed they were available- Dirty band aid in our hotel bathroom- Broken faucets- No video roulette- Housemaid didn't replenish our bathroom toiletries after the first nightLong story:My boyfriend, a total rewards member was graciously comped 5 free nights plus food comps at any of the Caesar's properties. And without a doubt, Caesar's would be first on our list. When I booked the hotel, I was confirmed that the nights were free and the food comps were available. After a sickening flight, we were told that we did not make reservations under the same code and was not offered other comps as substitution. Disappointed, we went upstairs to check out our hotel room. After a quick tour, I stepped into the bathroom and there it lay. A DIRTY BAND AID. Just there. Laying. On the ground. I was appalled that this institution supposedly reputable and gorgeous had such a disgusting slip up. Furthermore, the faucets were broken. HOW DO YOU HAVE BROKEN FAUCETS THAT YOU DON'T BOTHER TO FIX? Then the cleaning lady didn't even bother to replenish our bathroom toiletries. The whole time at Caesar's was a disappointment. In all, Caesar's is nice on the outside and the casino floor. I wouldn't bother to come back to Caesar's to stay the night though.
3	Lets play together!Ok this place used to be my fave, but then ventured out and fell in love with Red Rock and The Cosmo and all the nice new casinos. I shouldnt say much though bc I now work for MGM! LOL.So The newer rooms, like new modern bedding, are cute. The bathrooms were huge, but sometimes finding your area is confusing. Walk past the barge, 2 steps to the right and bam youre there! JK. But seriously, if youre not super familiar you can def get lost!The slots here are so-so, they dont have a ton of NEW slots, but they have a ton of SLOTS... among sluts. LOL. I like to play in the back towards the Forum shops, thats where they have a lot of penny machines plus theres usually a cocktail waitress or 4 around.Favorite shop at the Forums is def H&M! I love to just go and walk around and shit and people watch! I love the crazy wacky tourists! Beware though, those shops are freakin huge and you can also get lost!! Check out the giant fish tank and then go to Fat Tuesday!!
2	Buffet Review:I got the 24-hour buffet card at my stay during Vegas.If you are looking for long lines, little selection, and bad service - this is the place to go!Come early for lunch and line up. I was a bit anxious to get in and try the food since there were so many people in line. Oh, was I wrong.Highlight:- Lox (raw, cured smoked salmon)Un-Highlight:- Service (took forever to be seated when there are so many seats open)- The food looks horrendous 1-hour into the buffet. People are savages, and Cesar's Palace reminds you of this.- Stomach-ache (probably from the Lox)- No good seafood!Overall, I won't be returning here again unless the place gets demolished and rebuilt. Maybe, I'll think about it then.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE. The cleaning ladies robbed us. They took all of our cash, and jewelry this weekend. All the hotel manager did is give us a $100 credit that was used up with lunch and one drink. I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas, and I was giving Ceasars a chance since I had never been. I should have just gone with the Wynn or Cosmo where I normally stay. Extremely disappointed.
1	The front desk was so rude to us.  They oversold the hotel because there was a huge event going on that weekend and she wouldn't even help us try to find another room elsewhere.  We were tired from driving six hours.  We looked tired.  Anyway... lets just say everyone was booked and we had to stay at a fairfield inn.  At least the Fairfield inn front desk people were extremely nice to us.
5	This casino has so much to offer over such a large space, one could very easily go inside, and never leave until their trip was over. The rooms are great (I was lucky enough to stay in a room with a lovely view overlooking the Bellagio water show), there's plenty of shopping and dining options (including the fantastic Mesa), the pool complex is absolutely beautiful and relaxing, great shows at the Colosseum, and then there are the forum shops. Throw in a great casino floor with high ceilings  to help keep it from getting to smokey and you've got everything you need.
5	Everything you could need is here.  Yes you can venture out... But why would you?!
4	Everything you need is here.We stayed here on a stagette because the bride has seen "The Hangover" way too many times. Actually, I never asked her why this hotel... but she insisted that we stay here. I am glad she did because it seriously has everything you want... It's smoking hot in August (duh) so being somewhere with a decent nightclub, a bunch of restaurants, shopping, a beautiful pool, a convenience store... seriously, if need be, I wouldn't have had to venture outside.We had booked a room in the Forum Tower. When we arrived, they upgraded us to the Palace Tower. Woot woot. Much bigger room with two washrooms. Perfect for three girls. If we were on a higher floor, we would have had a view of the pool. I think I saw the top of Snackus Maximus. I wish we had a fridge for our use since ours was filled to the brim with mini-bar regulars. But we had ice... after getting vodka and mixers from the store in the lobby, we were able to imbibe in the room. We spent a lot of time in the room since we spent a lot of time in the hotel. It was just so easy to pop upstairs to grab something or to drop off our shopping before coming back down to play the Big Buck Hunter slots. We wandered to Spago's in the Forum Shops before dancing the night away at Pure. Utter convenience.
5	Suite dreams are made of these! the Octavious Tower Suites are the best bet on the strip... Especially if it's comped! You get your own VIP check in and valet entrance
5	They've revamped the rooms since the last time I stayed a few years ago but I love it!I stayed at Caesar's for my birthday week in Vegas and I'm so happy I did since it's my favorite spot.  Our tower was directly next to the pool so I enjoyed the fact that I could just walk out the elevator with pretty much my bikini and go straight to the pool without having to walk through the casino and half the hotel.
5	Caesar is alive and well herein his mighty palace, as one is transported into the realm of the carnal god surrounded in beauty, luxury, and an unconquerable military who dominated the planet before the reformation corrupted the glorious antiquitous pagan culture. Roman guards stand tall and proud as the Emperor partakes in the world's fineries. Comely courtesans are accompanied by their lords, statues and tapestries, columns, saunas, and pools array the courtyard to form an earthly heaven for its fortunate occupants.Oh, but for the Circus Maximus again...Dining recommendation: Nero's Steakhouse featuring prime beef that melts in your mouth. Great service, beautiful environment.
5	3.5 stars overall for this ?i doubt the reviewers here are 4seasons/ ritz carlton type of customers so gimme a break.the pool area here exceeds other strip/off the strip joints.7 pools (2 are private/ club affiliated) but the main pool if you will is huge.there are TONS of poolside lounge chaises & even the big kingsize beds are up for grabs if you work it ($200 something rental )there are cocktail waitresses ($10 beer $15+ cocktails) .the sun hides around 5 though which is the only sucky thing.our palace tower room (which ,by the way, is the tower closest to the pool. dont listen to anyone else.... palace tower closest to the pools. as soon as your elevator hits the ground casino floor, poof, your in front of the pool entrance.. )& speaking of, the palace tower is the 4th nicest tower .  ...so,we went on a tues-thurs in early july & each night (including taxes) was around $150our room was king size, 2 bathrobes, hot tub, his/her sink, walk in shower, & in a separate room was the toilet.the parking lot,however,is super far from check in desk.& our text msg check in didnt work.no free wi-fi.oh, & they charged me alot more than my guaranteed rate (the prob was fixed,but i was panicky while waiting on hold & that was not cute)this is a super hotel if you insist on spending $7 for bottled dasani water  on a strip hotel... or if you feel like splashing/tanning in the best pool on the strip / las vegas.& might i conclude, i found a fu%&*# bargain !!----- OOOOPS i forgot to mention the best part ..!!in the hallway, in front of the (big ) closet, there is a vanity desk w/ a lamp & a light mirror that flips over to magnify like crazy... but the fact that theres a lamp & the vanity mirrror lights up gives you crazy makeup options!  WOMENS DREAM COME TRUE------ the hubby can get shave/ crap in the other room, & we get awesome lighting / tons of space to apply our eyeliner!
4	When it comes to high end casino properties, there is the Cosmopolitan, Venetian, Wynn, and Bellagio. Directly behind that is good ol Caesars Palace. Of the Caesars (formally Harrah's) Entertainment chain of gambling sanctuaries, CP would likely be considered the grand daddy (i.e. flagship) of them all.Casino wise, CP has little to frown about. There are thousands of slot machines for grandma pulley and her double player cart inserts and a couple hundred tables for Daddy Warbucks and his love for roulette, pai gow, or BJ ... errr 21. It should be noted that they also feature a table or two for progressive blackjack, Caribbean stud, and even Spanish 21. A rarity indeed for most casinos that don't have these games available during all hours.The high limit area is impressive. There are a few dozen high limit slot machines with denominations of $100-500 and a vast staff for private dealers of any mainstream house game. Poker players, there's even rooms for you all as well, and they're quite pretty. No guarantee you'll receive any comps of course, best ride the coat tails of the high limit players.TotalRewards has undergone a variety of changes over the last few years. While most Diamond / 7 Star players might not have issues securing amenities at CP, know that point poolers will see a huge drop off comp worthy points. That said, the standards are higher here, so don't be surprised your baller status at nearby Bally's doesn't exactly translate to an instant reservation at Guy Savoy.The hungry will never feel that way at CP. From the laughable Augustus Cafe to the various yet random Chinese themed spots to the Mesa Gril, there is no shortage of interesting eateries throughout the resort. Guy Savoy has my allegiance, as does lunches at Bradley Ogden. Old Homestead is a classic steakhouse spot and Hyakumi actually serves a mean plate of raw fish. What I'm really looking forward to is next week's opening of Bacchanal Buffet (500+ items, 17 million to create), which has been rumored to be the next greatest all you can eat venue in the city.Shoppers are guaranteed to appreciate CP, after all, it's one of the only properties that can boast something as robust as the Forum Shops - a semi high-end mall of just about anything. It's a tourists haven, but not necessarily a trap. Locals aren't likely to purchase much here since the dollar doesn't go that far, but like all fun shopping - it's fun to look.The pools (cheesily named "Garden of the Gods") are actually more decent than they sound and each one has a theme / gimmick. Most of them have cabanas, but beware of paying retail for these (hello comp points!), as there are way better pool cabanas along and beyond the strip. I'm a fan of the Neptune, only because its the most social pool where you can mingle and get your splash / tan on at the same time.Beyond the usual amenities, CP boasts the Colosseum, one of the best concert venues in the city. I've seen a lot from Celine to International pop stars do their thing here. It truly is a sight and sound pumping venue to behold. The property also sports one of the largest parking structures on the strip, I've yet to NOT find a space here. If you feel like clubbin and are in an overly pretentious mood, Pure (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pure-las-vegas) might be the place for you. But a word to the wise - bottles are not only expensive here, but the service has been notoriously bad. Pretending you're a celebrity might be a better move than attempting to buy your way in.Finally, the onsite amenities are the real draw. People who are complaining of the antiquated cheesy Roman themes are probably staying in the Forum, Roman, or Palace tower. For the complete and modern contemporary version of CP's finest rooms, shoot for the Augustus, even if its a regular room. I promise it's worth it.
5	This isn't the real Caesars Palace is it?
5	This is one of the classic hotels on the strip. A must stop if you are in Vegas. The rooms are nice and very clean. Do I need to say more it's Vegas baby. This hotel is classic and one of the best hotels on the strip. If you love to shop visit here. If you want to gamble visit here. If you want to get drunk and party it's all good because this place is happening. Do I need to say more it's Vegas baby.
4	I went to Caesars Palace a couple of times while I was in Las Vegas. Caesars Palace has a nice vintage feel. The atmosphere at Caesars Palace was amazing. I did not stay at Caesars Palace but I did most of my gambling at the casino. I also ate at some of the restaurants in Caesars Palace .The staff was very friendly and professional. Caesars Palace has some nice restaurants and shops. I really enjoyed the food and shopping at Caesars Palace.   The gambling was pretty good. I mainly played the roulette at Caesars Palace. The croupier at the roulette table (I think his name was Ernie) was very professional and friendly. He made playing the roulette table enjoyable. I appreciated his great customer service. Caesars Palace was definitely one of my favorite places to go to while I was in Vegas. Caesars Palace is a good place to enjoy the Vegas lifestyle of shopping, restaurants, and gambling.I give Caesars Palace a 4.5 rating!
3	I checked into my room. Really nice view of the strip but my room had a strong odor of smoke even after requesting a nonsmoking room. I called down to the desk, they offered me another room but they said it's also a smoking optional room. Which means...HELLO...it will smell. I told them that I cannot be in a room that smells like smoke. So, he continued to look and found one. Yes, he found a room that smelt oh so lovely but it was smaller, very darker, looking straight at a WALL. I'd rather be in a room where I can see LIGHT, SUN, ACTION, THE SKY, etc. We called back down and moved again. I know it's a pain in the ass - but seriously, if we are complaining about the smell, don't downgrade us to a lesser room.Anyway, the customer service was professional and they knew how to handle it well in the end. Check out was easy, extended til 1:00pm.Pool was neat - drinks are a bit spendy!!!! ($16 for a small)The hotel is sooo large, it takes almost a mile to get to your room from the strip!Would stay again if I had to - but I'll probably continue looking around for other options. I'm never set stone at any hotel in Vegas - I like changing it up.
4	For my second stay EVER in Vegas, I got to check out Caesars, and overall, I'm pretty impressed. I shared a room with another girl in our bachelorette group; between the two of us, we paid $544 for three nights. That's about $181/night. However, when she arrived to check us in, they informed her that they only allow groups of three or more to have rooms with two beds. Apparently, the room we'd booked included one FULL-sized bed. Now, that's not the end of the world, but really, who pays $181/night to share a full bed?! She was able to pay $20 for an upgrade and from then on, everything was awesome.We ended up in the Octavius tower, which is the newer one. Our room was HUGE. Two amazing beds, huge bathroom, tons of space. Everything seemed clean and in good condition which is always a plus. The blinds on the (giant) windows were amazing as well - I would up at 8:30am and thought it was the middle of the night because it was SO dark. Well done, blinds.I loved the pool, as well. We had a ton of pools to choose from and that whole area seemed pretty clean, too. The first day we tried for the pool we could only get a few chairs because it was so packed, but the next day was quite a bit easier since we went early. I really have no complaints other than the "two beds for 3+ people" thing, because that's pretty annoying. Nothing a crisp $20 bill won't fix, though.
4	Stayed in the Augustus Tower over Labor Weekend and had a blast.  Caesar's may not have the best bars/lounges on the strip, but the seating is comfortable and they are fairly private.  While I prefer the people watching at Cosmopolitan or Aria, the laid back feel of Caesar's is very much welcomed before or after a night on the town.Stay away from the MunchBar, the food isn't good and it isn't priced well either.  Pure is a decent spot.  The patio is huge but there isn't anywhere to sit if you're not popping bottles.  The buffet was still under construction during my stay, but it's supposedly going to be the biggest in LV once it does open.My room in the Augustus Tower was great (4284).  Perfect view of the strip and I could watch the water show at the Bellagio unimpeded.  There's even a separate entrance and registration desk for the Augustus Tower that can be accessed on Flamingo.The bathroom came equipped with a water closet, television, dual vanities, separate shower, and whirlpool tub.  However, the television in the room was a bit small, 32 in. if I had to guess.  WiFi was not free and cost $14.99/day.  I thought that was kind of lame considering all of the amenities included.Having to pay for internet access wouldn't be a big enough deterrent to prevent me from staying here again.  And all those shops in the Forum don't hurt either.I came, I saw, I conquered...
3	I stayed in the Augustus Tower for a business trip (thank goodness I didn't pay for it).  The room was amazing, especially the bathroom...it was HUGE!  The bed was comfy (the little I slept) and the room had enough space for me to clone myself at least 35 times and still have room.  Awesome slot machines (I ACTUALLY won money).  The Pure nightclub was pretty disappointing after waiting in line with my fiance for over an hour...we stayed maybe 30 min and left.  Great central location for anything you want to do.  The buffet was closed, so we had to go elsewhere to eat.
2	I came back a week later to Caesar's with a different friend and it was not great this time.  I had upgraded to a renovated room when I booked, but the check-in clerk insisted that the room he was putting us in was an upgrade.  This was not true.  It was an old room, and our view overlooked the roofs of the forum shops.  In addition, the toilet handle had to be held down for five seconds to flush and the deadbolt on the entry door didn't lock.   I had booked through Expedia instead of directly, and to be honest, it always seems that hotels seem to put clients who booked through a discount site in the worst rooms.  My friend also has experienced this situation.  In actuality, how you book shouldn't matter.  As long as I am staying there, I am a guest of theirs and they should want me to be completely satisfied with the amenities and the customer service.  That would be my only reason for returning or not.
5	Located on The Las Vegas Strip, Caesars Palace is a true classic. This is one of those properties that remains fresh and gives a nod to The glorious Las Vegas of yesterday. They just reopened the buffet and it is supposed to be incredible (A review is forthcoming). I recommend staying,  but even if you don't stop in, look around and enjoy yourself. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Caesars Place oh how nice it must be to be able to stay at this location? I only get to come pretend that I live the high life when I want to see a top notch show or have a good meal.  Of the 5-6 times I've been here in the past 18 months I've only been able to use their valet once (its always full).  The parking structure always have spaces but you have to search a long while desperately waiting till someone pulls out to get in.  (send yourself a text so you don't forget where you left your vehicle)  Just be prepared and add a good 45 mins into your plans to find parking if you are coming down. I've been to three different shows here, spent time on the casino floor, in the bars/restaurants, shops and have loved every minute of it.  Whether you want a 50k watch or a $50 t-shirt you can find it all in and around this lap of luxury just be prepared to pay for it.  I know it sounds like I'm complaining but trust me its nice not to have to worry about the haggard freaks you see on the strip and I'm more than willing to pay a few dollar more in order to enjoy some time with people who are dressed nice, smell good and still have a sense of class about them.
4	Gorgeous hotel! The room itself wasn't the nicest (Palace Tower) I've ever stayed at but everything about the hotel was amazing. Great shopping, convienent location, and good casino. We didn't try the food in the hotel so I can't really comment on that but I have no complaints. The inside of the hotel was luxurious and beautiful. Definately will stay at Caesar's again the next time I'm in Vegas!
4	I really enjoy staying at Caesars but I was really disappointed when we arrived this time for a surprise getaway for my moms birthday and our rooms were in separate towers. Then I ended up having to sleep on a rollaway bed because the 2 queen bed rooms that we were told we were getting were actually sold out. I've never experienced this type of problem before. They offered to move us to an upgraded suite for the remainder of the stay and even transferred our luggage for us. The rest of the stay was wonderful. We enjoyed a concert and a full day in their amazing spa. We will definitely return sooner than later.
3	The hotel over all is pretty good, but my only complaint was that my room had a bit of a strange odor.  The hotel is huge with several towers.  The casino has everything a gambling enthusiast might want; slots, tables, cards.  There are also a few restaurants inside tho they will cost you a pretty penny.  The pool is about average size, and I say this because we visited several other hotels while we were there and they seemed to have some bigger ones.  But I really did enjoy the swim up bar  If you are not too concerned about the view from your balcony, the price of the rooms is not too bad either, but watch out for the odor. In the end, I think this hotel is decent for the price that we paid.
1	We went to Vegas this last weekend for my bachelor party and had the utmost horrible experience. I have traveled all over the world and have stayed at different calibre places- from 5 star resorts, motels, and even 3rd world country bungalows in remote villages. I have never been so disgusted in my life than I have with my recent stay at Caesars. We had booked the VIP Absolut Suite at Caesars and were HIGHLY disappointed. The room is NOTHING like what they advertise in the pictures. For spending $4,000 a night, it was the biggest waste of money.We get to the hotel early to check in, and get situated to start our fun filled weekend. The first disappointment occurred with us waiting 45 minutes for the bellman to take our luggage from valet to the inside of the hotel. I literally had to push the cart myself to get it in. Standing in the heat outside of the hotel for nearly an hour was definitely not how I wanted to start my weekend. We go in to check in and reservations said the room would be ready in an hour.  Since it was an hour wait, we went to have an early lunch and came back 2 hours later to give them enough time. The room was still not ready and were told that they didnt know when it would be cleaned. Even with American Express Platinum Early Check in, the hotel screwed us over with our room. We had a Cabana reserved at Encore Beach, and almost lost our reservation.  We had to go through our luggage in the middle of the lobby, take our clothes,  change and get ready in the public restrooms.Later on in the day once we were able to check in and received our keys, we go to the room and the keys didnt work. We had to go back down to get new keys 2x. At that point, one of our guys pushed the door in and the doors opened without a problem. In order for us to get into the room the entire weekend, we had to push our way in because the keys didnt work. Maintenance came at least 3 times to attempt to fix the electronic panel on the door (it was never fixed.)The service was horrible, we waited 20 minutes on the phone in order to receive any customer service. For VIP treatment, we were treated as if we didnt exist. The rooms were disgusting and the beds were dirty. The showers and bathrooms were filthy with remaining bodily fluids still present. The bathrooms definitely were not cleaned. Housekeeping came both days but only cleaned the downstairs living room. We had to call the front desk 2x to tell them to come and clean the bedrooms and the bathrooms. Their response was that they "forgot". We tried reasoning with Guest services but they did nothing to help or accommodate us.   After those 2 days we could not take it anymore. We had to check out of the hotel. To spite our group, the bellman from Caesars sprinkled and threw a can of Comet all over the inside of one of our bags. All of my clothes and shoes were ruined. We have pictures of this monstrosity.We went to Wynn to stay for our final night. We had a basic room and were treated like royalty. If you want an amazing and luxurious experience, stay at the Wynn and don't even bother at Caesars. It lacks customer service, needs a facelift, and is definitely dated.
5	So, my review may be a little bit skewed. My mom is a Diamond Rewards member with Harrah's, which owns Caesars, so my experiences here have always been FABULOUS.We stayed in a great room in the Augustus Tower, which had an AWESOME view of the Bellagio Fountains. It was exceptional. The floor was also nice and quiet, considering it was packed. We ordered room service a couple of times - they were surprisingly quick, and the food was good. The customer service was exceptional - from check in to check out, and everything between, we were treated exceptionally well.Perks to Diamond membership? Skipping the line at the buffet!! The line was literally over an hour wait, and we walked right up and were seated. Awesome.
2	Stayed in the suite in the old power. Old equipment, old torn carpets. rooms were spacious but would not stay in CP again.
2	This review is based strictly on the room and nothing more.  I give two stars because my room was showing it's age and was pretty shabby.  i thought casinos like Caesars would keep their rooms always in good (if not great) shape but this wasn't the case.  And to top things off I ended up getting one of the rooms without a door separating the bedroom and the bathroom.  You could have easily walked in on someone using the bathroom...is this how they do it in Rome? ;-)   I wished I would have stayed at Paris across the street.  I would have even saved a few dollars.
3	I received a complimentary stay at Caesar's Palace for two nights.  Right off the bat, I should not be picky at all, BUT I would like to share with others my brief experience staying at one of the more expensive hotels on the strip.First we were issued one of the Augustus Tower rooms, one of the nicest towers, but when I requested an UPGRADE for two instead of one beds, we were not only downgraded, but was issued a different room at the opposite tower which was your basic stay room with nothing fancy.  The room, I will tell you now, is just like any other room on the strip if you were looking for something comfortable.  There is nothing fancy about a basic room at Caesars so definitely save your money for another hotel OR get a better room at Caesars if you want the full experience.  In addition, there was lipstick found on the bedsheets upon entering the room, the light shades were a bit broken, and the view faced the side parking lot.  We asked repeatedly for a different room but EVERYTHING was booked that weekend.Like I said, I should not be picky since it was comped but the experience and the downgrade left me feeling a little empty from the hotel experience side of Vegas.  Again, unless you are getting a really nice room at the Augustus Tower, save your money for another hotel.
4	They were shooting an episode of Royal Pains at the crap table while we were here at the 3 card poker table. Decided to play after eating at Bucchanal buffet. The dealer was friendly and so was the other players. Didn't win but still had money when I left.Looks like they're doing some remodeling. Never stayed here but they do have a good variety of restaurants.
5	Best Pool.  Now best buffet.  If you're a comped regular here, this place rocks.  Great food options because of Forum shopps.  Just dont get stuck in Forum or Roman Tower and you will be pleased.  Service here in my 12 stays always impeccable.
3	I finally paid more than I wanted just to say I stayed here. I was disappointed. The room wasn't any better than an upgraded room at Excalibur. Also, if you're young and like to party, this casino isn't for you. It has an older person/ family friendly/more laid back feel to it and it gets pretty quiet/dead about midnight. I feed off of the energy around me and enjoy lively casinos even at the wee hours.  The adjoining mall is cool and convenient. And there are a lot of places to eat. Overall, I think it is overpriced and kind of dead if you like to get your party on. Unless I got a great deal, I would NOT pay their inflated prices to stay here again.
2	Just because you pay more at Caesars Palace, do  not expect better accommodations or a more upscale crowd.  The rooms are mediocre, but clean.  The pool area is like an episode of  "Jersey Shore." Next time, I'll stay somewhere else.
2	we got a room in the octavius tower.  it smelled of the drain in the shower.  we suffered through the first night because we arrived at 2 a.m.  and were too tired to complain and wait for another room.  the 2nd morning we called front desk to request for another room but we did not get one until almost 5 p.m.!  the 2nd room smelled better. but both rooms' showers were very weak.
1	I would give a ZERO if there is. I left two items in the room, one of them during the room switching. I talked with their front desk, security, and lost&found many times, and their answers were always "NO". For a hotel like Caesars advertise, it is not acceptable. Also, the room is noisy which was the reason I switched the room, and their maintenance person had to come to turn off the fan completely. Want to stay there? Your call, but I won't!
3	TIP: When you catch a cab from the airport and they ask you whether you want to take the freeway or the side streets to Caesar's, take note that you're being scoped out for a scam and tell them to take Paradise.  If you say don't know or just say "the fastest route", the driver is most likely going to take you on the freeway, which will run you about $33 compared to about $16 the other way.  This happened to me, but I didn't know I was being hosed until the Concierge at Caesar's gave me instructions for the ride back to the airport.  Pretty shady, but so glad the hotel gave me a heads up for the return.It's hard for me to give a thorough review because I'm not a gambler and hate casinos, but was here for a conference.  Last time I was in Vegas, I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental, which is not a fair comparison (although Caesar's charges as much for some of the rooms).I was upgraded to the Octavius tower, which is the newest tower and I guess the nicest rooms unless you're in a suite.  The room was very nice and comfortable. Loved the color scheme.  But they got cheap in weird places, so it falls short of being luxurious (although some wouldn't know; I'm just old & sober enough to know & care).  For example, there's a TV in the bathroom, but it's tiny, not HD, has only 11 channels (compared to the large HD TV in the bedroom with 30+ channels), and there's no remote so you can't control it from the jacuzzi tub...why bother to have the TV?  It's almost worthless.  Also, no in-room coffee unless you pay for the pods, which most hotels give you for free (there was comp coffee in the Augustus tower lobby area in the mornings, though).  No bath salts available for the tub (even checked the gift shop)--do not use the shower gel because once those jets get going, you'll be overrun by suds (LOL).  And the maid didn't leave a new supply of toiletries on my 2nd day (which would've been ok except that I had 2 shower gels & no shampoo on day 1, so was hoping to have that corrected on day 2).On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable and the casino offers good restaurants.  The food during the conference was very good, too (breakfast, lunch, appetizers).  Staff is very friendly, courteous, and helpful--great service.I just wish the ventilation system was more advanced.  The newest casinos like Cosmopolitan and Aria have such great ventilation that the cigarette smoke really isn't a problem, but at Caesar's it hits you the second you walk in.Summary:  I'd stay again if for business travel or I got a discounted room or something.  Even if staying elsewhere, I'd come here for some of the restaurants or shows (or shopping, of course--can't beat having the Forum Shops there).  If paying full price and didn't have business bringing me here, I'd opt for Vdara or Cosmopolitan or Mandarin Oriental personally (MO & Vdara are non-gaming).But again, remember that I don't like casinos and going to Vegas is not my idea of  a great time...this was all about business for me.
4	I was excited to stay at Caesar's because it's an iconic hotel on the strip and the name just flows with classic La's Vegas. Caesar's has been doing a lot of remodeling and acting new towers since it opened in 1966 so it can keep up with the new trends and tough competition ever since Belg and Venetian opened. We checked in inside the lobby and was told our room wasn't ready because we arrived before check in, she asked to leave my cell number and would contact me when it was ready. Our bags were already checked in with the bellman, so we decided to do take a look around the casino and play some of the slots, it looked a bit rundown in some parts and had low ceilings in the older parts of the casino. We got a text telling us the room was ready so we went back to the huge front desk area to pick up our keys and were sent to the Centurion built in 1970, when we got to out room the smell of smoke was too strong and the room looked very rundown and not up to date like all the other modernize casinos. We went back down and complained and she upgraded us with no charge to the Palace Tower built in 1996. The room was remodeled and everything was modernized like the flat screen TV, marble entry, bathrooms and one of the softest beds I have ever slept on and the customer service to me was average compared to Bellagio and Wynn.Caesar's Place is just like MGM GRAND, HUGE HUGE!!! You can get lost just walking around if you don't know know where to go, and the time it takes to go out to the strip from your room is about 20 minutes about the same as MGM. The good thing about Caesar's Palace is the Forum Shops being attached to the casino and the variety of restaurants with the Cypress Food Court, mid range to 5 star restaurants located all around the property gives you a lot of dining choices. You are also center strip so across is Bellagio and Flamingo and not too far from the Wynn and Fashion Show Mall. We really did enjoy our stay despite the room fiasco but it was resolved quickly and Caesar's Palace is not cheap despite being center strip, the rooms can be very pricey unless you have a room discount or comp from Total Rewards Casino VIP. You are basically paying more for the Caesar's name and location just like you would at Bellagio but I'd rather stay at Bellagio because the service is way better and more upscale in my opinion.
4	I admit that I am pretty amazed that Caesar's remains one of the few old school casinos to still remain on the strip.  They have not only just survived, but managed to be one of the top casinos that people frequent.  With some of the best restaurants on the Strip, they have proven their prowess in more than just catering to the gambling crowd.  Sadly, I don't see some of the spectacles they used to have like Evil Kneivel jumping over the fountains in his motorcycle.  But it still remains one of my favorite go-to casinos.
2	I recently attended a conference at Caesars Palace, and our company held a cocktail reception in one of their Presidential Suites, and found the suite more than lacking!   Not only did we have to wait until 4pm to check in, but when we finally got into the suite, the real issues began.It was dirty (carpet had really filthy areas, the door jam outside looked like someone had spilled beer on it, and several yellow upholstered chairs were so dirty I had to move them out and hide them in a closet); the furniture was chipped, tablecloths had holes in them   When I requested housekeeping to help clean up some of the filth on the door and in the service area, they showed up 2 hours later.  By that time I had already cleaned the grime away.  (Note that all of the staff that came by to help were very nice and really tried to fix the issues -- such as get the air conditioner to work, and get the front double door to closes!) It also came with no standard-stocked items.  When I requested a coffee pot to replace the K-cup maker, they told me I had to "rent" one for $40; to get a corkscrew required calling room service and paying for them to deliver one, etc, etc. etc.  The final ding was that for over $800/night, our not-so-lovely view was of the back of the Caesar's sign.  If you are looking for a high-quality suite, don't come to Caesars!
2	Gargantuan and Inconsistent!In a city where everything is larger than life, Caesar's Palace is probably the king. This is something to think about when booking - because getting from point A to point B in this palace-place is going to eat up your time.In terms of the standard services - guest check-in/out, bell staff, housekeeping, spa, taxi line, doormen, you'll be dealing with some very nice people and experience attentive service - and for this excellence - the star rating of this hotel is warranted. But remember - this is a massive hotel - that often appears understaffed - so sometimes your wait for this excellent service is going to be a bit longer than you'd expect.. And - while the general staff was wonderful - a small brush with management over a water shut down (for seven hours - with no planned adjustment to the bill) - showed management to be unpleasant, aloof, and disconnected from the guest experience. No stars for management.The rooms themselves are great, if you're staying in the recently renovated Forum Tower. There, Caesar's Palace appears a five-star hotel. However, if you're in the Roman Tower expect the average-quality of a three-star hotel that has seen better days.The best thing about this hotel was the Spa - which - while quite expensive - was worth the price and experience.In other - wifi will run you about 15 bucks a day for service - but only in your room. If you want to access the hotel wifi from other areas of the property, you're looking at an additional fee.Overall - while the stay was okay - the size of the hotel got to be cumbersome - and the inconsistency of value an annoyance.
4	i did splurge & get a room here.  beautiful property all around.  big, lots of walking involved, but i quickly learned shortcuts to my destinations.  big beautiful rooms w/pimpin' bathrooms & showers .  super-comfy beds.  i didn't dine here or play table games here this trip .  unlike Aria, this classy joint has soul.  they have a Nobu too
2	I don't know...I just don't like this place. It's wayyyyy too big, so it takes forever to get from point A to point B
3	We asked for non-smoking (Palace Tower) but we were hit by a wave of smoke when we opened the door. Worse, the bathroom had been used - towel on the floor, wet sink, open tube of soap or lotion. They said sorry, although we requested non-smoking, they could not guarantee it. They could, however, run an ozone machine there for an hour, but we would have to be out of the room. It was near 11:00 PM and we were exhausted from our trip already. They insisted no other rooms were available. But we insisted that we could not stay in that room, especially since it didn't look like it had been properly cleaned, and that they speak to their manager, after which another room magically appeared.It was a bigger room with two bathrooms sharing a common shower, so that was nice. But you could see it was falling apart. The toilet flush handle would get stuck and keep flushing. Water leaked out of the shower stall door. The shower heads put out fine needles of water, mildly uncomfortable.  The bidet water pressure was too low for use. The TV had the wrong aspect ratio set (which we could not unset). But it was better than the "smokehouse". Our room at the Venetian was more updated, with motorized shades/curtains and a real sitting room.The main attraction (apart from their new spa, for $45) is their pool area, which was very windy that week, but still ok when the sun was shining. If you like sunbathing, it's a nice area. But there was a soda can floating in the center pool. Gym is $25/day.Restaurants there are Vegas-priced, expensive, but you can get a set lunch for about $24. Best deal is the food court burger for about $6 (using free Total Rewards card). Also great BBQ there. Lobster roll not much lobster, though everything there is cooked well.There is also the Bachannal buffet, but arrive early to miss the line. We paid $43 for dinner. Good selection includes crab legs and prime rib, but not much fish or lobster. (The Bellagio's buffet had awesome sea bass.) Lamb was tough, dry. Also had some Asian dishes. Great ice cream selection, e.g. Balsamic fig.
5	Really nice property on the strip with the main entrance lined with shrubs and statues; you really feel like royalty. The newer Octavius tower has really nice rooms overlooking either the south side of the strip or a pool view (good for checking all the eye candy in the summer). This tower also has close access to the pool from the elevators, however it's a long walk from the elevators to the lobby and casino. The casino is huge and I enjoyed gambling there.
1	Stayed here for two nights for a business trip.  Definitely WON'T stay here again.  Last time I stayed at the Bellagio and I remember it being all around better.Since I'm not much of a gambling man, this review focuses on the hotel aspect and primarily the room.First, the hotel, like many have said, is too large and the conference center is buried in the back of the compound, with some of the longest escalator rides ever.  Casino/hotel signs and directions are generally lacking and not clear, especially in the conference center.Second, my room in the Roman tower was outdated and lacking.  Tube TV with 20 channels; a cheap power strip sticking out from underneath the tv stand with a plethora of items plugged in.  A Motorola cable modem blinking away down there too.  Lacking some standard amenities (coffee pot, mini bar/fridge, ample power plugs on desk or near bed).  The only redeeming factor was that the bathroom was huge.Third, in-room wireless internet is an ungodly $14.99 per night PER device.  Other "standard" business hotels (Hilton, Marriott, Westin) charge for internet, but all your devices can use it.  And to top it off, the wireless service was extremely slow.In summary, if it weren't for the business trip and conference at Caesar's, I would not have come here - and I definitely won't return.
4	I went here to go to the buffet and play some machines. The layout has been the same since I was a kid and they've kept up the place pretty well.The only negative was the wierd forum valet which had 1 attendant.
1	Security broke into my room at 2:30am because they double booked my room! Didn't knock or think to call the room?! When they were tampering with my door I thought it was the room next to me. Than they ask for my ID as if I'm some sort of criminal, I even have to ask the security guards to excuse me so I can get dressed!! Absolutely unacceptable!Did I mention that when I got to my room the cleaning lady was still cleaning it. Of course I called the front desk to speak with a Supervisor and they bounced me back and forth between Caesars and the Flamingo, it took 10 minutes to get someone on the phone! This leads me to believe that they don't hear about most of their guest concerns. This hotel is obviously mismanaged and disorganized.Needless to say, I will never come back & I suggest that you don't run the risk of having your vacation or getaway destroyed by this place.
4	Recently stayed at Caesar's for two nights (Monday-Tuesday) in a king room in the Forum Tower.Though the hotel is insanely big and like a maze designed to lose you in the casino, the room and service were great.We had a king sized room in the Forum Tower, everything was new, well-designed, and the bathroom was amazing (hello Porno shower with multi-shower heads!). Any questions I needed from the front desk were promptly and politely answered on the room phone / in person.I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 though because the ding dongs who work at the pool aren't particularly helpful with getting pool chairs set up, etc. Just because most of the pools are closed doesn't mean you don't have to do your job...Also, the electronics in the room were utter crap. The TV was a flat screen with pixels as big as my thumb nail, and to charge $12 to use the coffee machine is offensive. Other than that, the place was pretty swell.
4	Nice rooms! Great service!
5	Impressed with this casino. It has been updated and though it is very "smoky" the restaurants and buffet that is coming soon will make this a great place to stay. The rooms are well designed and upgraded. The pool area appears neat and clean.
2	I was here for a conference and even with the upgrade the experience was subpar.  I think the bathroom was the best part of the whole room. The jacuzzi did rock.  But I swear the minute you do anything in your room, you will pay for it.  Want to listen to music, you pay.  Want to watch a channel?  You will most likely pay.  On business and need internet? You pay $14.99 for 24 hours on ONE device.  So if you have an IPad and a laptop you have to pay per device. I paid how much for this room and I have to pay for internet separately? Only in Las Vegas. You want coffee in the morning?  You will pay about $40 for a small carafe.  You want to work out and not feel like a slob the entire time on a business trip? You pay $25 per visit to the gym. Also the minute I checked in their front desk told me my conference was in their building.  They even told me where to go.  So I got up and took my time thinking it was in Caesars.  But when I couldn't find it, I had people that kept directly me very confidently all over their stupid conference area.  Whenever I hit a dead end I called the front desk and begged for help (most told me they didn't have an updated conference sheet list...how does that help anyone?).  Seriously they must all be idiots.  If I heard "it's in the Neopolitan room" one more time I was going to scream.  I was an hour and a half late for my conference because everyone working there truly believed it to be there.  It was at the LV Convention Center, which was 10 minutes away.  I had about 8 different people at Caesars tell me the wrong thing.  Luckily, I called a coworker who has more brain cells and could get me there. Also, the shuttle pickup to get there was in some creepy backlot alley of the hotel (where you would most likely dump a body). Heard the Bellagio is much better!
1	So I get this miscellaneous $200 charge from Caesars and immediately call them.  First off, it's hard to find their phone number and they say all billing inquiries must be handled my email only.  Heck no, I'm not waiting days before they care to respond, I want answers.  So I call the front desk and they pretty much tell me that the money is for movies, music, internet or any room damages.  And I said "I'm sorry, so you just assume I bought $200 worth of stuff or caused that much worth of damages?"  She then tells me it's a retainer and they wait until the cleaning lady gives the "green light" saying the room is fine and then they refund me in 5 days.  Well thanks for telling me when I checked in. And thank god I used a credit card and not a debit card.  I can't wait almost a week to get $200 back. I will never go back here.
5	Our Wedding at Caesar's Palace's Venus Garden was absolutely wonderful and a big reason was our Wedding Coordinator Melissa Thomas!  We can't say enough GREAT things about her.  She had a solution for any of our questions and she had it right away!  Even questions about reception entertainment (artists, comedians, etc), she had a selection of vendors and price points for us within 24 hours.  My wife said Melissa's professionalism and knowledge made her pre-wedding preparation effortless.  We really could not of planned a better event.  ALL of her suggestions were PERFECT!  Our Wedding Guests said that EVERY detail covered and this Wedding was one of the best they attended.  Ceasars Palace package has everything for the couple and their guests at a great value!  My wife tried many salons before our decision on Caesars and said that Color at Caesars was by far the most impressive!  We would highly recommend Caesars Palace and Melissa Thomas for anyone wanting a wonderful Wedding experience (before, during, and after)!  We also have to give props to our photographer, Luis and our Caesars Palace first contact, Valerie Thornton!  Our Wedding Video (posted online within 24 hours), pictures, Wedding Suite, Venus Garden, and Salon are some of the best options in Vegas in our opinion!  One conversation with them and Caesars Palace will feel like the PERFECT location for your most special day!
4	I had a wonderful, lovely time staying in the Augustus Tower. There was a nice bedroom with comfortable king-size bed, an adjourning bathroom with vanity table, bathtub, and shower, and a large living room area. It was so spacious, comfortable, and luxurious to have so much room and it was decorated so nicely. I was really happy with our room. It made me want to just lounge inside. The only reason I'm not giving Caesar's another star is, it was incredibly difficult to get the free slotplay advertised. First, I signed up for Total Rewards and was told when I checked-in at the front desk to ask for the required $10 coupon. At the front desk, I was told they had run out of coupons and didn't know when they would get another shipment in. After I checked out, I went to Total Rewards and told them the front desk had run out  of coupons and could they just look me up in the system. The Total Rewards person told me I had to be still checked in to get the free slotplay. In the end, I didn't get it. I was given the run-around.At least our room was lovely!
2	We have stayed at the Wynn many times; thought we would try Caesars as our friends were from France and they ( and us) liked the casino and thought we would donate our $$$ there....Reserved three rooms from Nov 19-21 in the Octavius tower. Supposed to be their higher end rooms. Rooms were tired even though we were told they were recently remodeled. Have to say the service overall was marginal; service from Faoud at the front desk was horrible. Gave my wife a real attitude when she was asking about a discrepancy on the bill. We ended up moving to another front desk clerk, Alyssa who helped out. She was great......We also had very poor service at the bar near the Forum shop entrance... the six of us waited for 10 minutes to order. The bartender did not make eye contact...more worried about cleaning the bar and a few glasses than helping us. We ended up walking away. Not real busy either. Then at 24 hr restaurant near the front desk,the waiter was a deer in the headlights. Slow service and multiple requests for silverware, coffee etc.Again not a very busy restaurant .Bottom line don't expect great or even good service. We will go back to the Wynn or the Cosmo...seems like there is an issue with hotel management.
4	Over the top and gigantic.  We enjoyed that you could find some quite spots in random lobbies, or outside by the fountains, etc.If you are looking for cheap amazing drinks, look out infront of Caesars where there is a little Mojito stand.  The pineapple mojito was amazing and the employee was very kind to make it the way I want it.
2	Expensive room (Octavius Tower),  Filthy Bathroom, Broken wireless, Overpriced and medicore restaurants==================================I go to vegas 4 times a year and stay at Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn or MGM. This was the first time i was at Caeser's Palace. The in-room wireless for which you pay $15/day doesn't work. You are left without the internet. The jacuzzi, that they claimed was best thing, was FILTHY! I could see ugly green/brown stains all over with hair and what looked like fecal matter. YUCK! When I complained, the staff insisted that I should give them notice. How much notice do you need for a clean room for one of your most expensive towers? I am sure this was a great hotel 20 years ago when it was first built. Now it is showing its age and attitude of staff says that they are not getting paid enough to be there.
4	Even after all theses years its still pretty good, my wife really appreciated the giant naked man statues.  Me less so.
4	Overall Caesars is alright. It's the size of a city block and easy to get lost inside, especially since the Buffet isn't marked on any of the signs! I need Bacchanal, alright? I have stayed in the rooms, thanks to HotelTonight (amazing app!) for only $54. Now, the rooms themselves I would give 3 stars. The average room for the average person is simply average. I'm sure that the highroller Hangover suites are incredible, but the beds, shower, and cleanliness isn't much more than I'd expect from a roadside Comfort Inn. It was a flophouse for the evening so I didn't much care, but it's not the cream of the crop that I expected.Some real winners dining-wise as well, as well as a great set of shops. Kiehl's, yes please! Also, anybody who has Elton John music playing in their elevator gets super brownie points in my book, much less a concert series.Veni, Vidi, and not yet Vici, but someday, yes, someday.
1	Bar service is pretty stuck up and very rude if you don't have ID in hand
5	Stayed here for 50$ thanks to comps!! Would have been 300!Super nice hotel for 50 for me and my boyfriend!! Super big for us both too!! I think we stayed in the Augustus tower
4	Surprised the suites are not nicer. I paid for a deluxe tower room at maniacally and it was a nicer room and not a suite. Sort of odd. But location and price were good. No complaints just nothing to rave about
1	I'm pretty much done with this hotel simply because their service is atrocious.  I was upsold to the Octavius Tower.  The main reason I did it was not because it was a nicer room but rather, for the parking.  The woman at the front desk told me they had special valet parking with an entrance on Flamingo.  It had just taken me 30 minutes to go 1 1/2 blocks on the strip, so that benefit alone was worth the upgrade.  I picked up my wife at the airport about an hour later (she had arrived that evening) and we zipped into the valet without having to deal with the strip traffic.  I was very pleased until I was told that unless I was a "Diamond" or "Seven Seas" card level, I couldn't park there.  When I informed the valet what the lady at the front desk said and why I upgraded the room, he just said sorry and when they were full that didn't apply (he then preceded to direct me to the Forum Shops valet...which is all the way down by self parking.....what's the point?!).  When I complained to their customer service, the witch on the phone said since I didn't appear to be happy with the arraignment, we could just pack our bags and move to the room we originally had.  Imagine that.  They upsell me on false pretenses, it takes me a total of 45 minutes to get back to the hotel after being redirected, and now she wants to inconvenience me more by packing up!  I let her have it and insisted on talking to a manager.  He apologized for her behavior and gave me a $75 food credit.  Might I suggest to management that if there is some stipulation on your service, you sure as hell should mention it when you're upselling someone.  I wouldn't have wasted my time or money on it if I knew it wasn't guaranteed (and your Front Desk person knew that by the comments I made to her)As for the casino itself, the best analogy I could give is a person living in a small town and going to New York.  The place has gotten too big for it's own good (and their staff doesn't seem well equipped to deal with the traffic).  No matter where you went, it was a long walk.  Ironically, for such a huge area, their table area is rather small.  There's very little about this place that's relaxing (I usually stay at the Wynn and it's much more enjoyable).  Their new buffet, Bacchanal, has lines the size of the bigger attractions at Disneyland (it was an hour and a half wait on Saturday night).  Of course, if you were a "Diamond" or "Seven Seas" member you got to cut the line (or you could pay a $20 line pass....hilarious).  Once inside, there were still lines everywhere.  On the day we were checking out, I had to wait 2 hours to cash a sports ticket because their computer were down.  When I went to the "special" Octavius Tower registration desk, the woman said her computers had limited access, so she couldn't print my boarding pass and directed me to the Front desk.  The woman at the Front desk seemed annoyed that I had taken her away from some paperwork (keep in mind this was at 3:30am...we had a plane at 6).  She said the concierge normally takes care of that and they weren't open until 8 so I would have to go to a "paid" kiosk by the Total Reward Center.  Again annoyed, I went back to the Octavius Registration.  There was another lady there and she said she could print my boarding pass.  After 4-5 minutes she said she couldn't find my reservation.  I told her I was sure it was right.  Somehow the woman thought my first name was my last name (not exactly a common mistake).  I truly have to wonder when this hotel hires people if the manager just puts a mirror under their nose, and if it fogs up, you're hired.  Seriously, there are a lot of brain dead people at this hotel.  They also treat anyone that isn't a "Diamond" or "Seven Seas" member like crap.  When I'm at the Wynn, they certainly roll out the carpet for their high rollers (yeah, I get it), but they treat everyone else nice also.  There's no reason why you can't do both.  I never even notice the difference in service at the Wynn and am always treated very nicely.  I don't care what kind of deal I get at this place when I go back to Vegas, I won't be staying here again.P.S.  I was just reminded about their marketing of their "no resort fees".  If you and your partner use internet, it's a joke.  They'll make more off of you then the resorts that offer a "resort" fee.  We paid on average about $10 more per day and luckily we didn't go to the gym (yeah, that's extra also).  The "no resort fees" ploy is just a gimmick for them to make more money.
3	if they check you into the roman towers, tell them no way!  its the last tower to be renovated in feb 2013 and right now its OLD!  yuck ...
3	Just a normal stay at Ceasar's, nothing special.
3	Stayed at Caesar's Palace a few years back and actually enjoyed it.  I don't know what's happened since.  Most hotels on the strip had a pretty good filter which filters off the cigarette smoke.  I walked into Caesars and I was blown away by how it smelled.  I understand that smoking is allowed but I really think Caesar needs to step up their game when competing with hotels like Bellagio, Wynn, Encore, Aria, etc.  On the side note: I'm starting to see LOTS of footprints on the parking lot ceilings which leads me to the conclusion that this place is heading towards Circus Circus status. Just saying.
4	Had a great room! Nice facilities.
1	UGH! had the worst experience trying to get our room at this hotel. i was checking in on a Sunday, around 2pm, trying to see if our room was available,  when the man (not quite) helping us told us rooms were ready, but we would have to pay a $40 early check in fee, or wait until 3 pm, to get our room sans fee.Ok, I have never paid a fee to check in early- esp by an hour! at any hotel. this seems unheard of ,but fine,  we'll wait and hang out with some friends in the casino.  So at around 3pm, we come back, see if we could get our room - and we are told no, rooms arent ready- theyll call us within 40 minutes for our room key. An hour goes by- no call. we go back to check in at 4 PM, and NOPE theyre still cleaning the room. It wouldnt be so bad if we didnt see the crowds of other hotel guests being given key cards and directions to their room. but seriously? So by 5 PM, we're pretty fed up. Our room was not ready. We need to get ready for dinner! It wouldnt have been so bad if the staff we dealt with were apologetic or even showed any sympathy for our situation We finally were able to get our room by 5:30pm. We thought the worst part had been over, but as we walked in, the room was unlike the other rooms we had previously stayed in at Caesars. The bathroom had no door, the room seemed cramped, I'm pretty sure it was a wheelchair accessible handicap room- but not in a good way. It's almost as if they saved this sh*tty room for us. It was in stark contrast to Cosmopolitan where we'd stayed the night before. I almost wanted to go running back to Cosmo, where the staff have ALWAYS been accommodating.4 unsuccessful check in attempts, one sh*tty room later, i'm never ever staying here again. Zero stars..
4	Overall very high marks and certainly better in quality of rooms and service than Harrahs' (BY FAR), Paris (service issues), and Plane Hollywood (rooms and hallways are too dark and the layout is more convoluted). Stayed in the Augustus Tower in a luxury king - great room and great bathroom with large jacuzzi tub with a mini tv.  Marble floors!  Even the staff - asking if I was enjoying myself and what, if anything they could to - very nice touch. The main issue - walls are thin enough that you hear people closing doors esp if they let them close naturally (tension arm). And for the rare instances when you're recovering in your room and NEED that sleep - well, that part really bites. Overall Caesars rocks and already planning a return and dreaming of Qua spa...(see my related review on that!)
1	This place sucks. The parking takes forever to find, buffet is overpriced and takes 3 hours to pay, direction is confusing! Will never come back.
2	Had I paid $69.00 to stay at a chain motel I might have been happy. Room was big but sparsely furnished - the old tube tv couldn't be seen from the bed thanks to the vast cavern of nothingness in between.  Bathroom sucked.  Cracked tiles.  Old tub.  Dingy feel.  Plus I can't remember the last time i stayed somewhere that didn't have a small fridge or coffee maker.  It *might* have been okay if I hadn't seen my friend's room in one of the new towers (who paid the same as I did) but I saw and after that my room just felt cheap and ugly...like so many of the people that I encountered on the strip.
5	What can I say? If you're a Diamond member (access to the awesome-licious Diamon Lounge with all the freaking free drinks you can absorb) and are staying in the Augustus or Octavius Tower AND go to the Qua spa...tis a ROCKIN time/place.  Staff was so very attentive to every need and kept asking if we were happy and if there was anything else they could do for us...a-w-e-s-o-m-e...Also, I never do this but we "was"starving one late night and ordered room service - Chinese food.  It was pretty dang good - this coming from an Asian!Rock on (li'l) Caesars!  Rock on!PS.  Don't even waste your time staying at Harrah's - what a pig sty - and avoid Marcus Paige one of the casino hosts.  The guy is CREEPY with a capital "C" (and that rhymes with "P" and that stands fer pool!"  :)
4	Stayed at Forum Tower for 1 night. The bed was great and the bathroom was great. I like the shower place and how it was designed. The service was great. They bring our request stuffs as soon as possible. But, just that the check in time was late, so we have to wait in the lobby where there's no chairs to seat on...and I wish they have free wifi in the room
4	After seeing the movie "The Hangover" I must admit I always wondered what it'd be like to stay here.  Then, coincidentally I had a work trip which required us to stay at Caesar's since this is where the trade-show was held.  B-E-A-UTIFUL.  As gaudy as it gets, very roman, very big ... just amazing.  A room for just myself was as large as the first floor of my townhouse which means it was pretty damn big.  King size bed, fit for .... a LOT of people.  Huge huge hugeeeeeeeeee bathroom.  I could have had a dance party in my bathroom screw the rest of the room.  The place is was just so big, that it may have overwhelmed me and I didn't request any sort of special room.If you're attending a tradeshow here or planning to do a lot of walking around Vegas etc.  make sure you bring comfortable shoes.  Marble floors and heels all day will leave you hurtin for an entire week once you're home.The little coffee places they have around - great coffeeeeeee! Therefore, you must stop for a pastry and a coffee before doing anything else.Casinos. Well, I'm not a gambler but theres plenty to do.  I rather window shop at the inside shopping mall.... Dolce and Gabbana, Louis Vitton, Jimmy Choo, Hearts on Fire, you know, the finer things in life that I cant afford? :)
4	Last March, we celebrated my friend's birthday and with the help of our two VIP friends, we got two comped rooms. I had stayed at Caesar's with my family previously and hadn't enjoyed our accommodations as the rooms were small and dark, so my expectations were low.However, my friends had gotten two rooms in the Octavius Tower and I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the rooms were. Even though there was only one bed in one of our rooms, we had plenty of room and there was more than enough space for 4 people (eight total).Caesar's is one of my favorite hotels on the strip because I love the location, theme, and design. However, I do have some complaints. Even though the rooms in the Octavius Towers are nice, the walk to and from the casino and lobby was tortuous; almost never-ending at times. And you know after a long night of clubbing in heels, girls just want to get back up to the room as quickly as possible.Another thing is the only 24-hour cafe in the entire hotel happens to be one of the most expensive and with a very limited menu. Maybe I've grown accustomed to the vast menus in cafes at Mandalay Bay, Wynn, and Bellagio, but I would've appreciated a more diverse menu with more options.
4	The four stars really was for the Deluxe Pet Stay Room on a non-pet floor.  Arrived in Ceasars for our Holiday in Vegas (familly for Xmas) with Apricot the fluffy white dog in tow.  It has the most complicated Valet parking with its winding road to the self-parking and separate Valet for the Colosseum (theater).  We were redirected to the Main Entrance where they mentioned that it might be difficult to get valet parking because it was busy unless you were Diamond or Seven Stars member of the Total Rewards program.Somehow with Apricot, we get good vibes.  Waited in line for the valet, mentioned we were checking in and was given the parking ticket for the valet and off we went to go check in.  At Check-in, we were told that 45 min wait for our room (pet stay deluxe) but the Front Desk saw Apricot and wham, she tried her best to find us a room quick.  The room itself is one of the rehabbed rooms in the Augustus tower (which is the only tower that will accept pets).  It has a separate entrance for the Augustus and Octavius towers but again only for Diamond and Seven Stars.  We had a wonderful room with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  The room was spacious and as I mentioned remodeled so it was a nice shower and jacuzzi tub with all the modern amenities including robes.For the most part Ceasars is one of the higher end Harrah properties on the strip but it's also showing it's age.  There is a mix of old and new.  Gambling is a bit pricey since minimum on the game tables are $15 or $20.  This are the minimums I find in the newer places like Cosmopolitan or Aria which are definitely more modern and high end.The food choices are plentiful but again it's showing its age.  There is supposed to be a new NOBU hotel within Ceasars soon which will be higher end.Considering the room was comped.  I was happy with more money to gamble with.
4	I have been to Vegas many times and have always wanted to stay at classic Ceasars Palace. However, it has forever been out of my price range. This past weekend my friends and I scored a great deal and had the pleasure of staying at Ceasars.  We checked in and a room wasn't ready in Forum tower where we booked, so we were upgraded to the Palace Tower. Our room was very nice, spacious and I loved the double sinks in the bathroom and the extra vanity in the room. It made getting ready soo easy! (3 girls in the room). The decor is calming and nice and the beds were very comfortable. The great thing about Ceasars is that there is SOO much to do in the hotel, you really don't have to leave. Many restaurants, a food court for casual dining, nightlife,(Pure/Shadow) shopping and other random gems like salons,etc. The staff was always more than accommodating... the valet, bell hops and housekeeping staff were extremely friendly. Whenever I called the front desk I was asked how I was enjoying my stay every time.  There was one major con... we ordered room service it was at 3am, so I will give the hotel the benefit of the doubt. The chicken wings were fine, the nachos were okay, but the chicken soup was disgusting. The broth was just water and they used fettuccine noodles!! My soup was packed with gross noodles, broiled unseasoned chicken and water broth and my friends was all broth (better seasoned) , barely any noodles and no chicken. I was horrified...I couldn't eat it. I was going to send it back, but my friend ate both soups (she must have been very hungry). For the exorbitant price of room service I was appalled, I would have been much happier had they just opened a can of Campbell's. Room service aside, the stay was pleasurable and I would recommend Ceasars to a friend.
5	Put a dollar in the Penney slots and won $50 HIYOOOOOOO! Plus the H&M inside the forum shops is the bomb diggity! For these reasons alone Caesars Palace gets 5 stars.
3	I made it to Caesars Palace!I say this because while being a broke college student, we always stayed at the other palace on the strip... The Imperial Palace... It was New Years Day, 2013 I got a great deal and booked under $100 for the night!It was the BF and I and we wanted something central for Taxi purposes, this is important! We were going to be clubbing at LAVO for the evening so taking a cab, or walking in my heels, you have to think about being centrally located.Got upgraded to the Forum Tower (I don't know what we had before) on the top floor.. (Hello # 69!) Walked in and found the room to be pretty spacious for the 2 of us. Nice King bed, couch, and cool bathroom (No tub, just a pretty cool shower) TV in the mirror (Great for getting ready for clubbing).I liked how close the tower was to the casino (You walk right into it!) and it was pretty close to the parking garage, and to the Forum shops! LAVO was playing all that EDM Music. So after the open bar, we left and ended up a PURE.  This was the quickest walk back to the room ever! Stop by PURE and get on the Hotel guestlist. Room Key may be requested.I have heard great things about THIS palace. I'm glad I got to check this one off my list! I'll be back, if I can get a cheap deal like this again!
4	I had visited Caesars a few times these past few years for the forum shops (and Fat Tuesdays hehe).  This past weekend was my first time actually staying here as a guest, and I was really impressed.  The room was booked for the Roman tower through expedia, but after reading some yelp reviews about how old and tiny the rooms there are, an upgrade was pretty much going to be necessary.  We finally arrived in Vegas around 6 pm on a Friday, and I was a bit worried they wouldn't have open upgrades available.  Slipped a 20 sandy over and the nice gentleman at the front desk gave us a great complementary upgrade.  Our whole stay there was very pleasant, and all the workers were more than accommodating: spacious bathroom with a jacuzzi and his/her sinks, a vanity table with good lighting, lots of closet space. Caesars has a great location for clubbing, and it's really cheap to taxi to all the good clubs.  (I don't care of XS is practically across the street; that's still unnecessary pain to trek over in heels.)  Anyways, for the daytime, there's a lot of good food and shopping options inside: the buffet, Mesa Grill, Spago, Fat Tuesdays, and most designer stores.While it still isn't my ultimate favorite place to stay on the Strip, I will definitely return if the price was right.
4	I've been writing too many reviews about ... F O O D !As a frequent participant in Vegas " staycations" , it's time for me to branch out on my reviews and comment on the local hotels.  Since I'm a semi-degenerate gambler, i tend to focus on the best bang for my buck.  I feel the Caesar/Harrah's reward program works best for me.The hub of the Caesar's / Harrah's Hotel/casino's ?  Well, of course - Caesar's !!Likes - room variety - I'm kinda partial to the Palace tower and the Augustus tower.  The palace tower is the only time i've had a room in America with a bidet ( yet, i didn't try using it ! )  I've only stayed in the Octavious tower once - very similar to the Augustus.Restaurants - between the hotel and the mall, so many restaurants that are decent to down right excellent, but of course, they ain't cheap.  And of course, the buffet has definitely stepped up it's game !  And as i've recently reported, the food court is above average, price-y but what do you expect at Caesar's.  I need to try the new Ramsay pub - based on Yelp reviews, I'm in for a treat !Casino - I admit it, i like the fact that it's, "old - school " - my guess is the average age of the dealers is 50.  At times, the craps dealers are slow moving which disrupts the flow but i like the old fart's so i tolerate it.  I think the gaming machines are limited but i'm about the craps anyways.The pool - i've probably stayed at Caesar's at least 20 times and i've yet to USE THE POOL.  I've seen it, looks great.  My friends/family love it so i trust their judgment.Comps/rewards card - They send me frequent freebies - i especially like the contests - bingo, slots, poker etc - I've yet to win big but i've been close.  I like the year end shopping extravaganza - perfect timing for getting Christmas gifts for friends/family.Bonus points - priority check in and valet and i get to cut in line at the buffet given diamond card status and i get free tickets for the "B" shows every month.Cesar's is by far my fav strip casino !
4	who i going to complain about the decor at this place? great cocktail waitress, higher payout in little time. just wish they had more cocktail waitress near the slots. seem like you have to play table games to get a drink
5	If you can request the Augustus towers than do it. They are new and awesome view of Bellagio fountains if you can get that south side view.Like all nice hotels on the strip it is very expensive. Great location. I have stayed here several times and the staff is very cordial and wanting to please you. They realize you have a choice.
4	Caesar's is a great hotel on the strip.  Restaurants ranging from simple to elegant, bars, great shops, and anything your little Vegas heart may desire.   Why would anyone skip out on stopping into Caesars when they are in Vegas?  I am not a huge Celine Dion fan but I was brought to her show on my last trip and I had a blast.    Caesars is a great place to be a part of Vegas.
4	I think my sister and I have shown our parents another side of Vegas to make them want to come back for a second time within a year :)My PG trip with my parents was still amazing!  We booked a package deal where we got Celine Dion tickets which also included our hotel stay at the Caesar's Palace.  There was a minor difference in price between the two hotel rooms that we booked, but they upgraded us to the Octavius rooms (which are newer) from the Augustus Towers.  Some reasons why our Caesar's Palace stay was awesome:(1) Octavius tower rooms are luxurious!  Although the Octavius towers are smaller than the Augustus Towers, there is more of a sense of luxury and peacefulness once you enter the Octavius tower rooms.  (2) Huge variety of slot machines here! Which means hours of fun for me :)(3) Not only that, but Caesar's palace has so many restaurants to choose from, which makes it very convenient for my very particular parents.  (4) The location of Caesar's Palace places you right in the middle of the strip and easy to get to where you need to go.(5) Caesar's palace houses the Celine Dion concert.  One of THE best concerts I have ever seen and one of the best shows in Vegas.  Her voice is amazing and she is still breathtakingly glamorous.(6) Caesar's Palace Forum Shops are right downstairs.  Tired of gambling?  Or, have you won big?  There are tons of stores here for you to shop at your heart's content.(7) Most importantly!  The Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars is AMAZING!!! It is my new favorite buffet in Vegas!  Stay tuned for my buffet review! :)Only reason why this place is not getting 5 stars is because the lines when you check in to the rooms are EXTREMELY, PAINFULLY slow.  I wish they had a better/more efficient way to get their guests in and forward them on to where they need to go.  Places such as Aria make check-in/out seamless and Caesar's needs to catch up!OVERALL:I'd come back again and stay at Caesar's.  Great rooms, great entertainment, and great buffet. What's not to love? :)
3	They have staff dress up in ancient Roman garb so you can have a glorious time of getting your cheesy tourist photos taken to your hearts content.  The casino itself wasn't one of the nicest on the strip but it will do the trick.  The location is very central to everything else on the strip and they also have the awesome Forum mall that can give a lot of added value if you need to do lots of shopping.
2	I didn't like our room. We stayed in the "newer" area but the furniture and interior were just... dull... nothing resembling Caesars. It felt like I was staying at a Best Western. The buffet here was good though... that's about it.
3	The room was just okay, I think that they could offer free Internet though for the price.
4	Caesars has a lot of good things going for them, including good restaurants inside the casino and forum shops!Tons of places to get a drink, including a few clubs and lounges.  Haven't gambled here yet, so can't really talk much about that.Since there is so much to see and do here, it is almost necessary for you to come down and take a look at it for yourself :)
5	Everything about this hotel was good, not one bad thing to say!
4	A really nice place for a convention.  Clean and lots of room.  Good catered food even for large groups.
2	Out of dozens of trips to Las Vegas, this hotel has the worst service!I must first start out by writing I only chose to stay at Caesars because I was offered a complimentary stay and a $300 dining credit. When I arrived, I received a call in my room telling my which restaurants I could choose (so I was aware that the hotel knew the restaurant choices). The following night I visited the concierge so I could hear the list again since I didn't have a pen when the call was received the night prior. A restaurant was recommended to me as was instructions on how to claim the dining credit (since it was my first time using a credit). Unfortunately, the concierge was incorrect and that restaurant wasn't covered by the voucher. More unfortunate was the price of the bill. I had to pay $380 for a dinner at a restaurant that I didn't want to eat at, but was presumed to be free (for the first $300 anyway).I understand the concierge made a mistake with the restaurant, but the hotel front desk and the concierge would not honor the mistake or even credit me for a future voucher. I'm confused that as a marketing tool, Caesars offered me a dining credit to entice me to stay at their hotel in the future but would rather lose thousands in opportunity costs for retaining me as a future loyal customer than honor a $300 mistake. Bottom line: I trusted their concierge, was extremely let down, and will never stay at Caesars again. There are plenty of great hotels in Las Vegas that understand the importance of loyal service and how it is cheaper for a hotel to retain customers than find new ones, and I'll be loyal to the first hotel that can demonstrate that they value my business. P.S. I spend thousands on gambling and entertainment every time I visit. It's not about the $300, it's about the service.Pretty hotel though..
3	For the price of the rooms, there are several things they do good and several things that could be majorly improved.  For one, the Roman and Palace towers are in horrible condition.  If you are not in the Augustus or Octavius towers, forget about it.  The line to check in is just ridiculous.  I've never checked in here and not had to wait an insane amount of time to just get a room.  The Casino is clean (not too horribly smoky) and has a wide variety of games.  Pure is a trendy nightclub that as long as you don't have to wait in line, a lot of fun...just be careful the drink you order as some can surprise you on how expensive they are.  The conference areas are awesome for large or small conventions.  Beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are spacious.  Love the rooms with the jacuzzi and shower separate.  The price of coffee, alcohol, or basically anything you'd get in your room (movies, room service, food of any kind) is crazy expensive.  Guess that's how they get you though.  Food wise, the buffet was back open but I didn't get an opportunity to go there.  The places I did dine in the casino were Serendipity 3 outside the entrance and the little market place by the shops.  Piece of pizza was almost $8, but by far the cheapest thing around.  The food at Serendipity was awesome, but if you can eat it all on your own, you need a medal.  Great to split with a friend (or make one while you are there).  Cell phone signal, not any provider in any room.
3	This casino is so big, I always get lost! Foodwise, they range from a food court (where you can pay $4 for a soda and get free refill for your whole weekend in Vegas, seriously, the cashier even tells you that) to fine dining. Their new addition, Bacchanal Buffet is a must try. The casino is filled with slots. The tables are not my cup of tea as the minimums are more than I'm willing to play. If you're coming from the escalator from The Quad, you cannot get out the same way. It is ONLY an entrance. I always have a hard time finding my way and square footage wise, this is one of the biggest hotel.
3	While the property itself is beautiful and the location is supreme our room was not what I would consider luxurious. It was nice and fairly large, but there were no plugs, only an extension cord running behind the bed. There was one wall plug behind the curtain where the cover was actually hanging out of the wall with a lamp plugged into it! That just didn't seem to safe.The positives: the bed was super comfortable and the bathroom was very large.I realize I was in the cheaper tower of this hotel and I actually used the app Hotel Tonight to book the room so it ended up costing me $54 for the night so if I had the chance to stay there again for that price I would. If I had to pay full price I think I would look elsewhere and happily walk down the strip to see the sites.
5	OMG, LOVED staying at Caesars. From the hotel check in with impeccable customer service to our room in the new Forum Tower, this place was amazing.Our room was spacious and had just the right combination of class and Las Vegas vibe with a TV in the bathroom mirror to make us happy!The casino was bumping with tons of people from all walks of life and featured excellent shops and dining experiences from Food Network faves as Gordon Ramsey and Bobby Flay to megastars like Celine Dion and Shania Twain, to the popular Forum Shops.This is definitely a wonderful place to stay when you come to Las Vegas.  Can't wait to come back and stay here again.
4	Have never stayed in the hotel, but the casino is large.  The sports book is probably one of the biggest is Vegas.  Good screens.  One of the few places that have a good Keno section.  Restaurant selection is decent, but for the stature of the property should have more.  Mesa Grill is good, yet last visit was average.Have never shopped inside the resort where it's mostly lesser known upscale, but the Caesar Forum Shops are wicked.  Almost every store wanted is located here.Probably the most famous Vegas resort, so always worth the visit.
3	My husband and I decided to take advantage of the deal they offered, $170 per night for the Palace Tower room with a jacuzzi. We had certain expecations since their rooms are usually $350 and up.Good air circulation/ventilation which means it did not smell of stale cigarettes and the smoke did not linger throughout the casino. Very helpful, friendly staff.We booked the Palace Tower room and needless to say, it did not meet our expectations. For a jacuzzi room, it was average. Nothing special about the room, decor and the bathroom. The only plus side was the view of the pools. (We recently stayed at T.I. in a jacuzzi suite and the room was better!!)Bacchanal buffet was AWESOME and worth every penny!!
5	We stayed here this past weekend and it was our first time staying at Caesar's 1. I used my Rewards account and got a significant discount on the room 2. upon check in the staff informed us that our room sold out for the weekend, so they upgraded us for free... no questions asked no hassle 3. Everyone was very polite, they were helpful and I felt so welcomed 4. the rooms were clean and beautiful5. the new buffet was amazing... (which i review on separately) 6. NO RESORT FEE... like every other hotel in Vegas... really?I would definitely stay here again! Friendly staff, decent prices and a beautiful hotel
5	"..is this place beeper friendly.."  It has turned into one of the best hotels on the strip.  The have some of the best restaurants from Baccannal Buffett, to Rao's to Mesa grill to Joe's Seafood and Crab Claws to Payard's to Serindipity to now Nobu's.  The service is wonderful and the hotel has amazing gambling.  The shopping at the Forum shops is wonderful and they have some of the best shows in town.  This is one of the greatest resorts in all of Las Vegas.  There are many mega resorts that popped up, but Caesar's really stepped up their game!
3	This is a pretty nice Casino. Most of it feels nice and open, probably the nicest slot layout out of any of the casinos in Las Vegas. The color scheme was nice, and the ceilings are beautiful. Best Sports Book in my opinion also with Mirage being the runner up if that is your thing.
4	This is a true 3.5 considering it is in Vegas. If it was not a Vegas hotel it would be a solid 5 stars but given the newer hotels that have gone up in Vegas, the competition is stiff. Caesars is an older spot that lacks some of the decor and nightlife that the other spots have to offer. Caesars caters to an older crowd nowadays, which I can understand because for those who were frequenting vegas 15 years ago, CP was the place to stay. But don't worry, for the young folk there is plenty to do. Caesars is a great place to stay if you get an upgraded room. The standard rooms are just any standard hotel room but the upgraded rooms are nice and comfy with a spacious bathroom, vanity, and jacuzzi. Comfy, clean, and spacious. Wi-Fi is not included. The lago buffet has been replaced by bachannal, which is supposedly one of the best buffets in vegas right now. Although my favorite places to stay in vegas are the palazzo and the wynn/encore, Caesars is a great place to stay if you dont mind being away from the hot night life spots. There are the forum shops (which I LOVE), many lounges, great restaurant options, and of course the best spa in vegas QUA (45$ day pass). They also have a nice pool which is heated to 86 degrees in the winter. The casino is not my favorite but it has every slot/table you would expect. They have a Pussycat lounge blackjack table area with live girls dancing. It is an awkward setting but definitely entertaining. The nightlife here is definitely not trendy or the hot place to be right now. They have many lounges and their big club is Pure, which has definitely fallen off.
4	Mother of god, this is a massive casino.....the scope and scale just sort of boggles the mind.
1	This review is based on a recent stay at the "Laurel Collection" rooms in the Octavius Tower.  Short answer is:  don't.I visited during a busy weekend and was happy to get several emails asking me to check-in online so they could be ready for me when I showed up.  They also mentioned that I could use the VIP Porte Cochere on Flamingo Ave instead of the main on-strip entrance.  So, after battling the hideous strip traffic, I went right by the main entrance, which was a zoo, and zipped into the VIP entrance only to see two signs:   one said "Laurel Collection."  The other said "Valet Full:  Seven Stars and Diamond Only."When I asked the valet what to do the Valet Full sign won -- I was Laurel Collection, but not Seven Stars or Diamond -- he rejected me and offered lame directions to get back to the main entrance -- which I did some 30 minutes later.  I was livid.  Think about this:  I was at the main entrance, I drove by it because they said I could use the VIP side entrance, and then they wouldn't let me.  So I had to cross Interstate 15, come back up Flamingo, sit through numerous light cycles, finally make the left onto the Strip, and then fight to make the left turn into Caesar's ... all in all taking me to self-parking -- the farthest possible spot from the Porte Cochere --  which, by the way, was itself jammed.On arriving I told them this tale, and a manager named Andrew offered to put a $50 food and beverage credit on my bill.  After I left, I noticed that they couldn't even get that right -- no such credit was applied.  F**k you very much.  Empty promises squared.All that aside, Caeser's is simply too big for its own good and unless you are Diamond or Seven Stars you will most likely find yourself -- even in the Laurel Collection -- treated as a 2nd or 3rd-class citizen.By the way, I think "Laurel Collection" is Greek for "far from everything."  The rooms are nice, but far from the center of the action so think "more walking" which is just the thing that everyone wants to do in Vegas.  The other amazing BS was that my room was on the "61st floor" in a building that maybe had 40 floors.
4	I have been to vegas three times this year. Twice i have stayed at Caesars during business trips. I loved this hotel. I have stayed at many of the Las Vegas places but i did like this place. My room was in one of the new towers and it was so nice. I have many fav hotels and places i love to eat. I will be writing more reviews. This is worth a stay, o and go to Pure. Fun Fun Fun.Stayed July 2011
4	I love this hotel for the great buffet it has! Also, we were there to see Sandy Lam at the Colosseum so it was pretty convenient for us to stay here and head downstairs to catch the concert.We got two queen-sized beds on the 13th floor. The place was clean and I have no complaints. I especially love the bathroom! There were two sinks (thank goodness, since there was three of us), a TV so I can brush and watch at the same time, a glorious bathtub with a shower head, and a shower with not just one shower head but TWO medium pressure sprays right below (it was a massage in a shower!)I would book a room again just so I can enjoy another nice, relaxing shower :)
5	best buffet !nice room luxury roomsnow crabsteakstone pizza
4	Great rooms, jacuzzi tubs, and awesome service make this one of my favorite hotels on The Strip.  As much as I love walking down Las Vegas Blvd, there's really very little reason to leave Caesars.  Great restaurants by Bobby Flay and Gordon Ramsay, an awesome mall at the Forum Shops, and incredible shows and performers make this an easy choice when looking for a place to stay.
1	BE AWARE TOTAL REWARDS MEMBERS!!! THEY WILL NOT COMP YOU THE WAY OTHER HOTELS WILL COMP YOU. THEY WILL LIE TO YOU!!!! EVEN WITH A DIAMOND MEMBERSHIP!!!They said room was free. NOPE!!!!If you don't care about getting comped... this is the place for you. The view on the outside is spectacular, view on the inside is just as great!Rooms are nice, gambling is OK. Won't be staying here in the near future. Plenty of other great stays on the strip.
4	We actually stayed at Caesar's this time, so this is a review of the Hotel. They are rather large and it takes forever to get anywhere, but the room itself was great. We'd booked in the Augustus tower and they ended up upgrading us to a suite in the Palace tower. First complaint was that the guy checking us in didn't bother to tell us that we were in a different tower or that we'd been upgraded, so we ended up going back thru the line to get our questions answered.The room was spectacular even though it was way more than we expected. Two-person jacuzzi, his and hers bathrooms. King size bed and 3 different toilet areas. The TV's in the room were way too small and the remotes didn't work very well. I tipped the maid after the first night and apparently that wasn't up to par as she didn't refill the coffee or do much on the 2nd day. All in all it was a good stay.
4	After all the years of coming to Vegas and for one reason or another ending up at Caesars, we finally just decided to stay here.  Caesars is kind of the center of the Vegas universe.  They get big names at the Colosseum (ok, Celine Dion and Shania Twain, doesn't thrill me, but they seem to pack them in), they have the forum shops (high end mall), a high end spa (Qua), top notch restaurants  and I suppose you can gamble here too :)  Caesars is the kind of place you can walk in one day and not leave until 3 days later.  That is good and bad.  It has it all, but it is also incredibly large, with a complex floor plan and it takes a lot of hoofing it to get from one end to the other.  Now, one of the reasons we picked Caesars this time is they didn't have resort fees.  I, like everyone else, detest the useless resort fees that Vegas has begun shoving down our throats.  Caesars didn't used to charge them, however I heard as of 3/1/13 they will be charging away - so be forewarned!  We had planned to do the spa and had heard the Augustus Tower was the the newer of the buildings and the spa is in the same tower so we thought we were being smart by booking a deluxe room there. Plus it has it's own check in desk so you don't have to wait in those long lines at the main reception area.  At any rate, they decided to upgrade us (yay!), however we got put in the Palace Tower.  Now we had the single nicest room I have ever stayed at in Vegas, but the PT is SO far from everything I wished I had brought more comfy shoes.  The Palace Tower suite (2802) we got was on one of the Penthouse floors. The bank of elevators were way out of the way so they weren't busy and you had added security of needing a key to get to the floor.  The suite itself had 3 full bathrooms w/tvs (which was totally excessive), wet bar, desk, sitting area with TV, dining room, a bed room with a King size bed, a couple of arm chairs, another TV and then of course the double closets, jacuzzi spa and 2 person shower.  It was insane!  I mean, incredibly nice! The only complaint (other than the walk) was that there was zero view.  We basically could see other Caesars Towers (this isn't that big of a deal though).  I would definitely stay at Caesars again. It has it all!
5	LAS VEGAS - NOVEMBER 2011 PART IHey Spring Breakers: "Deal of the Century"Since spring break is approaching for college students I wanted to write a review for them. I stayed here for on November 2011 for to watch the Pacquiao-Marquez III bout. So why am I writing this now? I don't go to Las Vegas a lot and prior to this the last time I went to Las Vegas was on 2005. I'm writing this now because I don't know when I will go back to Las Vegas. (This is Part I of my Las Vegas vacation. Part I and III are the Wicked Spoon Buffet and Flamingo).On July of 2011 I made reservations for the Roman Room for three nights. For three nights I stayed at the quintessential Roman Tower. Unlike most hotel rooms this room was really spacious. The beds are not close to the TV at all. You have a lot of room to walk between the TV and the beds. The room did not feel cramped at all and made my stay here more relaxing. The bathroom was spacious and clean. This room also had a nice balcony. So how much did I pay for this type of room at Caesars? Would you expect about $300 a night? No. Since I booked it early (4 months prior to the fight) I only paid $73 a night. I'm honest no b/s. As my boss said, "You got the deal of the century". Also my first night at Caesars I won about $115 on one of the slot machines.
5	Stayed here Dec 2008. It was great we stayed in the Augustus Tower . The room was very nice we paid $230 a night. It is a luxury hotel the best hotel I ever stayed in. Nice huge casino, attentive staff, great room service. We went here last minute but next time we plan a trip in advance we will stay again. We couldn't get a good rate here for last minute super bowl Feb 2013. As you know it was booked.
5	We had been wanting to try out Caesar's palace for some time now, and on our spontaneous trip over the weekend, we finally got to. It was a great choice, as we were given outstanding customer service and were made as comfortable as possible.First off, we were lucky enough to have Nayel help us with our super early check-in at 10 am, which I might add, only cost us an extra $30! That was awesome. What was even more awesome was that she gave us a free upgrade from the Roman Towers to a luxury room in the Augustus Towers. Score! Sure, there were two beds and it was smoking - but that's fine with us since it was such an amazing upgrade! When we stay at Caesar's Palace next time, we are definitely going to look for her to help us again.In addition, the room was gigantic, with both a large tub with jets, as well as a separate shower. The beds were spacious and comfortable. We were warned about the motion censors on the food and beverages in the room, but one of the items had already been opened and moved. We let them know about this at the end of our stay, and they didn't charge us. Everything was spotless and neat. We had a great view of the strip from our side room on the 25th floor. It was also delightful to have the cleaning staff greet us as we would come down the hallway. I'm not used to staff being so friendly! It was great!I'm looking forward to coming to Caesar's Palace again.
1	The worst check in process ever.  The place is old and tired.
5	The  suite was huge, several bathrooms. The views overlooks Bellagio's fountain and across the street is The Eiffel at Paris. They treated you like Royalty here, the ultimate luxury and they know how treat their guests!
4	Stayed here for my bachelor party. The hotel was great, there were no issues at all. At check in I attempted the "secret sandwich," which scored us a room with two bathrooms and a great view of the pool. Customer service was great all throughout the hotel. We requested extra towels, and they were immediately brought to us. Gambling is okay here, but be advised table minimals are a little higher than other casinos. Still, a great place to stay and gamble. I would also definitely join Total Rewards while you are there.
5	Ceasar really did hook it for my trip this time around. WOOOHOOOO!!!!  Upon arriving early, we tried to check-in early which with we did for a decent fee and while checking-in, got a free upgrade to the Augustus Tower Deluxe room instead of the Roman Tower room that I had reserved. BOOYAHHHH!!! Got to the room and I was just filled with joy with how big the room was. Plenty of space and the nice! The bathroom had dual sinks, jetted tub, separate shower next to it, small separate room with the toilet which you can close the door on when taking a dump! hahahaha. Make-up mirror for the ladies and TV for the dudes! lol Had a good view of the stripGaming tables are gaming tables to me. I played a little and I lost! :(  emotionless dealers but I had fun. Had buffet at one of the place in Ceasar with unlimited Mimosas which AWESOME!!!I had a blast and definitely would come back to stay here!!!!!
1	Well what a poor experiance  have had at the resort in las vegas .Don't stay in the palace tower room 1406 unless you want food exhaust pumped into your roon most of the day and night. I 'V Been in vegas many times but this was my worst experiance i offten stay at The Wynn and will return to them with open arms as Caesars palace is not a Palace. Upon calling the front desk for a solution i was offers a room air freshener  well that stinks Pass on the palace and move over to another Casino in vegas you will be glad you did
4	I have nothing but GREAT things to say about Caesars. Yes, it is a huge, expansive property. But it has everything!!! I have been to Vegas many times, typically I don't spend much on the room because it Vegas!!! Go out and do something!!! We were at Caesars for a convention and I wanted a room with a view. My original room was in the Palace Tower, did the $20 trick and was upgraded to Augustus Tower with an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains, Paris area. Best view I've had anywhere. Room was king bed, tons of space, jacuzzi tub for one, separate shower, flat panel tv you could see from the jacuzzi........totally sweet room, clean, classy, spacious. HIGHLY recommend the Augustus tower with a view. Although I donated my share of monies in the casino, there was a great selection of games, tables (although mins were higher than your average place) and bars. Drink service was outstanding wherever we were at in the casino or in a lounge. I'm not a nightclub person, although we did go to Pure one evening. Seemed nice, not my scene.....I'm more of a lounge person. Checkout first thing n the morning was a bit long, but it moved pretty fast, as did check in. I would stay again in a heartbeat!
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 30/100Joined some friends from Colorado and checked in for a personal staycation twice, once for each of the past 2 years - courtesy of Samantha. Both stays were comfortable and service was swift. During my first caesar's palace experience - with two other ladies - our room overlooked a beautiful view of the bellagio fountains. We were driven there by a service limo and driver was very nice and helpful. When we got to the hotel, bell service took our luggage and we ran up to our 2-queen bedroom. Toothbrushes, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, even cotton buds were ready in the bathroom drawers. Towels were plentiful. We would make use of the jacuzzi to soak our tired feet at night. Second time around, there were 4 of us. We checked in to a suite with a king size bed separate to the living room. Called for an extra bed and staff brought it up to us in less than 5 minutes. We were also welcomed with a table full of fruits & bottles of water. Plenty of space to lay things out. There is no free wi-fi. You would have to pay by the hour. So what we did was head down to the starbucks right by the elevator lobbies and lounged there to access the internet. Forum shops are not too far of a walk away. We strolled around the casinos and headed to serendipity - which is right out the main entrance - for breakfast the next mornings. Luxurious shops surrounded us but you have to realize that you don't have to spend a dime to enjoy yourselves. At times, Cleopatra and her guards hang out at the lobby and welcome pictures. Check out the Elton John and Celine Dion gift shops to view memorabillia and souvenirs. Luxury can be found in every corner. There are endless things to see here.
3	Well, there was an Orthodontic Convention going on there  Feb 20-23. After we had to fight for the rooms that were paid for by our boss, not to mention he paid for upgraded rooms as well. We had received an E-mail indicating that our rooms were ready however, they were not. Not only were they not ready we were not getting the rooms that were paid for. They wanted to put my co worker and I in a smoking room with 2 double beds. My other co workers were going to be put in a smoking room with 1 king bed. Ummmm I don't think so! Once I got the manager he then all of a sudden found our rooms go figure. There was another member that was with us however, she was in a different tower. Once we got to our rooms they were very nice and could not complain about them at all. When we checked in, although our rooms were paid for we each had to give our own credit cards for incidentals. Ok didn't think anything of it. Both my co-worker and I gave our CC and one co-worker out of the two in the other room gave her CC for incidentals. The other member we were with in the other Tower gave hers as well. I think there was only one charge to one of those CC and it was for WI Fi. All other charges to our cards were done as we went through our weekend.By the time we returned home on Monday all 4 out of the 6 CC were compromised and had to be canceled. There was activity going on in stores that we were not anywhere near. Now 3 weeks later my bosses CC has been compromised. Activity going on in one of the Casino's. Why it took so long to get that one figured out is beyond me. Needles to say now 5 out of the 6 have had to be canceled. The only CC that was not compromised was the one co- worker that did not give hers to the front desk for incidentals. Now seriously don't you think there is something funky going on or what?  Such a shame as we really enjoyed our time there. It's a beautiful hotel a little to big but beautiful and the food in all of the restaurants were very good. Not only am I concerned about returning to Caesars, I'm concerned about any of the hotels and who can and can not be trusted.
4	Still one of the best hotels and casinos in Las Vegas.  Can anyone imagine the Las Vegas strip without Caesars?  If you go to the other casinos out here, there's a little of Caesars that has been adopted into their casinos.  Just a bunch of biters out there. I don't get to Caesars too often anymore since I now live here, but was a regular when I wasn't local.  I love how Caesars didn't sell out with its looks, feel, and ambiance.  I still like the modern casinos that were built in the last 10 years, but Caesars is a staple in Las Vegas.  Overall, they can't be touched. The only reason I would visit Caesars now is for the Forum Shops.  The Forum has stores within everyone's price range.  It's also a good break from the heat and gambling.  Parking is easy at Caesars.  You can self park or valet to their Forum Shops or Casino.  I still prefer to valet when I visit Caesars.  I don't gamble much, but the gaming is still live with a lot of action on the weekends.  There's still ton of eats, shopping, and sightseeing in Caesars.  If you've done Caesars, you know what I'm talking about.  If you haven't, then it's time for you to pay a visit.PS: Caesar never lived here. I didn't think so either.
5	I absolutely love Caesar's. It's hands down my favorite place on the strip. It is centrally located, awesome facilities, and amazing restaurants. In fact the only think I don't like is the snotty little brats that work for Pure's Management Company at the topless pool. They act like we are all trying to break into their sorority party. Otherwise, this place is so amazing and you don't even need to leave Caesar's property. I can't wait to come back.
3	Little mix up with our reservation (that I made last November!)I've been staying here every year for about 8 years (meet here yearly for a Trauma Conference) so it with some regret I'm only giving this visit/stay a 3 star review.  The little mix up to my reservation was that I had requested a King bed and was given a two queen room, in addition they had placed me in a free upgrade without asking (in a brand new tower) and when i saw that and requested my original room back they found that my requested room type no longer existed. To explain more fully I will say that the conference meets early and runs late, and we found early on that to stay in the tower that the conference rooms are actually in (20 floors down of course!) is much more convenient and there is no lack of luxury in the wonderful jacuzzi suites. Because of this when i make my reservations FOUR months in advance I sort of expect a place as wonderful as Caesar's to be able to keep the original reservation or maybe at least mention that all bets are off and i may not get what i wanted in spite of the fact of early reservations or that they might upgrade me without my knowledge. We routinely stay at the Langham Pasadena (formerly Ritz Carlton) and while I'm not a total snob, they are really the template for the ultimate in customer service. Think Nordstroms gone crazy...that's the Langham.  I guess because we only have a couple of fancy trips per year I appreciate the effort that goes into making my stay that much better. It saddened me somewhat to see that Caesar's was not able to meet or exceed the quality of customer service at the Langham.So here we are, finally in the correct tower but in a double queen room only 12 floors up (I also request the highest possible floor just for the wow factor of the gorgeous strip views!) Is it a nice room? Yes. Is it the room I had been hoping for for the past four months? No.  We'll survive, though, and trudge on bravely facing the harsh reality of our measly little queen room but still...visions of the King room still bounce around in my head.  Next year I plan to call in the summer to talk to someone in customer service so that I can use their system to try to not have this happen again. Room service was delightful and every staff member I've called on the phone so far has really wished us well and asked how our trip in was. They are so friendly, that's for sure.
4	Stephy Anne and I stayed here for her birthday. We loved the room (we upgraded it twice and ended up with a very nice one!!) and the service was as you would expect. Nobody is noticeably nice nor are they noticeably rude. It's Vegas. It's all about how much money you are spending, right? The bar in the main lobby was my favorite part, as our bartender was awesome and very cool. The casino was a casino. They are pretty much all the same on the strip. The room was cleaned every day and always looked very nice, and the cleaning staff even organized our toiletries we had on the bathroom counter so that they looked very nice. It was an impressive experience and I would stay with them again. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because Stephy Anne bought a Coach umbrella and had it in her suitcase the day before we left and when we got home we discovered it had been stolen. There is no doubt that we had it packed. We went over that room several times, even under the bed, before we left and we had everything packed. That sucked. It made a 5 star stay into a 4 star, but 4 stars ain't bad!!
4	I haven't stayed at Caesar's Palace so cannot really rate their rooms but I loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee the fact that they have so many slot machines! My favorite is wheel of fortune slots and I can find plenty here at Caesars Palace. :DI also love how they have bunch of boutique stores! Nice break from gambling splurge and drop all your winnings! And last but not lease, the newest buffet on the strip, Bacchanal buffet! Haven't tried it myself but heard pretty good things about it, so excited to try it on my next vegas trip!
4	Great venue. Excellent rooms. $50 hamburgers (yes, shocking). Good spot to sleep but less marble and better wifi would be great.
5	Loved our last stay here! Our room was in the Augustus tower with a view of the Bellagio fountains and it was excellent. The staff was very nice and helpful our whole stay, plus casino, shops, restaurants and pool area are among the best we've tried on the strip. The central location is a plus for walking and taxi fare friendly when we got tired of walking. Very classy hotel without being overly pretentious.
5	All around my favorite resort casino in Vegas. First off, great casino with lots of options and even reasonable minimums. The interior of the casino/hotel is amazing. They have lots of statues and paintings and really fall in line with the Roman Theme. The forum shops are great and include many of the popular designers with helpful sales personel. And finally, the buffet. The number #1 rated buffet in Vegas and it is well worth the $50 you spend to get in. Crab legs, sushi, steak, ribs, lamb, tacos, muscles, clams, pastas, you name it they have it and it all tastes as though it was ordered as an individual entre.
3	I went here for family vacation two years ago, I wasn't a Yelper back then but I am now. I don't know what the heck the deal is with this place. It is not as good as people say it is.The pools sure look a fun place to be in, but I went in and it felt like any other hotel pool. It had a great design and all, it's cool putting a bar in there and a card dealing place, but seriously you have to be that much of a lifeless gambler to actually gamble while swimming.Ugggh....the place disgusts me. Over-expensive bottled drinks in vending machines, it is really hell and for rich people. Casinos everywhere and smell of cigarettes....ewww.
1	I have never experienced racism until I went to CP.  My husband, a friend, and myself were staying at CP and decided to have a late dinner at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab.  The host told us they were about to close and not taking anymore customers.  When we looked back to the restaurant, the host sat a white family.  My husband and his friend are both Hispanic and I'm Filipino.  We were appropriately dressed (better dressed than the white family that was seated).   We complained to the CP management and they mildly apologized.  I will never stay at CP and will strongly discourage friends and family from eating at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab.
3	Just spent 4 nights at Caesar's Palace.  Was upgraded to a suite in the Palace Tower.  Very nice room, but would have been better if it was cleaner.  Biggest problem was the water temp for the shower.  Never once during our stay were we able to get a hot shower.  They even shut the water off between midnight and 5 am once during our stay for repairs.  No one even asked how our stay was on checkout.  We were with a convention so we did not have a choice on hotels.  Next time I book the Mirage or MGM.  Have been much happier at both of those in the past.I also don't think that their air filtration system was working well.  Just walking through the casino to the elevators made our clothes and hair stink.  Haven't had that experience at the other hotels we have stayed at either.  I'm not anti-smoking so that isn't the issue, just that other hotels seem to handle the smoke so much better.
1	The journey to Vegas can never be fast enough. Crossing the barren desert, everyone rejoices when they see the lights and know they are on the strip. This was our first time in Caesar's Palace- we paid online on Caesar's website where the room was advertised as "pleasing to the senses." The first contact we made was with Elsa, a loud mouth, rude, snappy front desk attendant. I paid for the room with my B of A debit card and expected no issues as I have been to many, many hotels in Vegas and beyond with no issues. Elsa made a point to berate me for not having provided a credit card- I made it clear that there was more in my account than most people have lines of credit for and eventually had to get a manager as she was making such an issue of it. Meet Tyler Moeller. Tyler is the night hotel manager, he comes across as well spoken and appears to be attentive- he simply does not do anything for you other than nod in mock understanding and say mmmhmmm.  I realized that the pool of people that the recruiting department had to pull from "was what it was," - I made my way to my room. Now keep in mind, it is a Monday( I am writing this as I am sitting in my room now) and we paid top dollar due to Easter being so close. The room was utterly plain and devoid of anything- Hard Rock, Palms, Venetian, Wynn...even Treasure Island, hell, the Tropicana have better rooms. The TV is a barely working 32 inch from 1995( I just had to check) you know, the large 100 plus pound, can't get your arms around TVs of yesteryear. Shocking.  Cheap. Crude. I called and Annisha, the customer service rep answered the phone with a breathy, nasal voice. After a few seconds speaking with her and her limited sentence construction, I realized I was getting nowhere- her last interest was in making sure that I had a good first time.I decided to order room service- the "hard charge" they put on my card did not work for room service and I was told that I would have to provide my card # again or pay cash??!!!? Seriously???? I would give no stars if I could- never again...
1	I was so disappointed with Caesars Palace. I can't think of a single good thing to mention. I checked out of my suite a day early and my friend from Vegas took me to Red Rock.Staff - With very few exceptions they were Rude, Slow, Apathetic, Unprofessional and clearly don't value nor enjoy their jobs. Food - I'll be posting individual reviews for each restaurant but during my stay I experienced Gordon Ramsey's Pub, Munch, In Room Dining and the "Food Court". All bad experiences, some shockingly (Gordon Ramsey's /tear). My best "meal" was the $17 small, lunch meat sandwich from the Food Court and the two tiny pickles that came with it. Slots - Don't bother. They are ridiculously tight. I was here last October and thought I just had Extremely bad luck. This trip was even worse somehow. Money that would last me all day and night in one of the local station casinos was regularly lost hour after hour at Caesars. In my two trips now staying with Caesars I have yet to see ANYONE receiving a hand pay. My highest hit has maybe been for 80-100. This trip alone I had hits of 400, 430, 550, 2000 at Red Rock. Room - Two rooms clumsily converted into a large suite. 9th floor of the roman tower. Was straight out of the 80's. Carpet was worn, I was terrified to touch anything. The water wouldn't get hot enough for my liking. The arms of the entertainment center conveniently blocked half of the old school small tube TV. My back still hurts from the bed and the pillows were either totally flat or 14 inches thick when compressed.Unless your desire is to live out some Hangover fantasy, these guys are everywhere, STAY AWAY.edit - check-in took 45 minutes.
1	Stay away from Caesars Palace! I have stayed at Caesars Palace several times before and each time my experiences get worse and worse. I continued to stay there because of location but if you are going to spend over $500 a night on a room don't spend it at Caesars, go to the Venetian, or the Wynn properties. The VIP check in clerk was completely incompetent. When he looked up my reservation he asked me if i knew how much the rates were even though i had already paid the first night, frankly insulting. He gave us a smoking floor room when my wife has bad asthma and I had requested a non smoking room. He never took my credit card information when I handed it to him at check in, and was woke up at 7:30am to put a credit card down. Food Court was slow and serves cold food. Room service was ridiculous. They got our order wrong every time, and it took at least 1 hour plus for delivery of the cold food you pay an arm and leg for, and I got two harassing phone calls asking us to immediately put the cart back in the hallway (one of the phone call the cart was already outside). Our room had a broken lamp that flickered off and on all day. I really got the overwhilming impression they do not care about people anymore only the bottom line.
1	I haven't stayed here, but I am planning on staying in August. I really want to get a suite, but there are no pictures on their website! The pictures they do have cannot be viewed for some reason. I have tried to view the pictures several times on different computers. I'm getting so frustrated I might take my business elsewhere.
5	One word can sum up my stay here:  Amazing!!!  I've been to Vegas a ton but this was my first stay at Caesars.  Because of the experience, it won't be my last.  The service was fantastic. Every time I called the front desk to ask a question, I was addressed by my name. The cleaning staff were extremely friendly and their work was impeccable.  If you're looking for the modern, earth and stone look, this is not the place for you.  The room definitely had an older vibe. The bathtub was outside of the bathroom and there were mirrors everywhere, even right above the bed!  The location is great with lots of shopping and dining options.  The pool is nice too.  The surrounding cement does not get unbearably hot in the sun.  I was able to walk around barefoot everywhere!  Outside to the right of Serendipity's is the Mojito booth which my husband and I hit at least once per day during our stay in Vegas no matter where our hotel is.  We had such easy access this time though!Thank you Caesar for an awesome experience!
5	My third time to Vegas but this time It was focused on spas and vivalasvegas. I heard about their famous spa and roman baths and since my best friend lives in Vegas we decided to book two nights.  We self parked where we accidentally entered the employee elevator but they were very helpful and lead us to the main entrance. It's a lot to cover with your wheely bags but we made it to the front desk. I had heard about the long lines but it was average.  We had Cheryl check us in and she was lovely. I had read some negative reviews on their service but I was very happy.  She even upgraded us to a deluxe suite.  It was Amazing!!  We had 1000 sq feet of luxury.  The bathroom was to die for a with Koehler SoK tub. If you don't know what that is...it's a tub where you can fill it to the top so your shoulders don't get cold and the extra water runs down the lip that is all around. It had jets and light changes. We each took a bath immediately! I couldn't find the toilet bit it was hidden behind a door near the fabulous sit or stand three shower head shower.  The bed relaxing. The cleaning lady was adorable! Big tip! Do not take anything out of the fridge unless your going to drink it. It's weighed n computerized so they know. They will then charge you a 25 rental fee. We had brought a bottle of prosecco to enjoy. Oh well. My friend forgot her toothbrush and they sent one up. A small fee but very helpful.The qua spa was incredible and a MUST! Pricey but if you have three hours to relax to for it! We need to treat ourselves more often.  We also ate at the old Homestead steakhouse which was divine. The ribeye cooked perfectly.  We sort of never left the Caesers compound we loved our room so much!  Peyard for breakfast is you want that French experience which we did.  Always great service everywhere. If you sign up for their rewards card they do small discounts at the restaurants. We weren't their to gamble just to spa it up and eat!
4	I really like this hotel. We have stayed in regular rooms and in suites. They have a special VIP private dining room is perk I quite enjoy because not all the hotels have one. I have to mention...I lost my phone upon checking in...it was late and we had been driving for a while. I thought for sure it was gone, but when I checked with security the next day, I was informed that an employee found it and turned it in. THERE ARE GOOD PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! That experience...mixed with their killer pool, make me a fan who would return and has!
5	Rating all the Vegas Hotels/Casinos that I have been in, it is only fair to give Caesars one up, because when it comes to Vegas, Caesars is as good as it gets!I think its everybodys highlight to walk through here when enjoying what the strip has to offer.Though the shops and restaurants, the bars, everything is more expensive here than elsewhere on the strip, everyone still wants a piece of it.We wanted drinks but they were so expensive we went for some pralines at Max Brenners, shopping wise they have great lower budget options like H&M and a really nice one at that.It's beautiful and fun to stroll through every single time.
4	This is a must see place! Finally, it's almost where it should be! New restaurants, must love the new Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill, Nobu is a genius addition to the palace as well! Is hosting some of the best shows in town, my old time favorite, Absinthe, a combination of Cirque de Soleil, comedy and burlesque ! Shania! I was so excited to have the privilege of seeing her firs show here! And now apparently Brittney Spears is going to be there... I don't know about that one, I mean Ceasars is know for real artists performing there...I would give a 5 star, but the cigarette smoke and the cold AC during the summer really not very attractive, nor healthy Good luck!
3	upon arrival they didn't even have our room thaqt we booked in january/'13 for a check in of 3/6/13 the guy had to go back and get approval......not saying he wasn't nice or courteous but seriously?!    we play a lot and come to vegas 15 times a year don't have the patience for ish like this . and i'm not the type of person to ask for an upgrade or a favor maybe i should be. the rooms were already comped by the casino host based on our play from our last stay. the room was nothing to write home about ur avg room you would think they could have done something nicer given the fact that my friend was playing 1500 a hand for 7-9 hrs.i averaged 450 a hand for 7-9 hrs   we ventured down the strip and mandalay bay saw the amt of action we were bringing they comped us rooms immediately which was nice not that we even needed them but its nice to feel appreciated some times i guess maybe im just old fashion like that. however back to the Caesars Palace  they do have nice forum shops and ample pools   but the gave us a room in the octavio tower which is no less then a half mile hike to the room from the registration desk and our room was at the end of the longest hallway i have seen in vegas yet it was like we were being place on time out lol.       after looing 23,000 we aptly named the walk to the room "the walk of shame" not i cant write a review based on loosing that would not be fair now would it lol    ( after all vegas wasn't built on winners , trust me on this one) all in all the host jay craviotto reviewed our play and comped the 100.00 something room a night haha and the 200 in food and drinks we charged to the room) which was obvious was going to happen but he was a pleasure working with and we may return here but we get way better comps at cosmopolitan and mandalay bay for some reason) we get show tickets and mny to play with and large rooms etc etc . who knows may try them again but this time i would have to go through a host like jay who is understanding of the gravity of the situation
4	Walking around here is a bit annoying; the place is massive. It is a long walk through the casino from self parking to the Roman towers for example - all indoors though. Parking is free. The property was insanely busy with people walking through it to get to other parts of the strip, gamble, go to one of the bars or restaurants, or just look around. It all was very nice and clean though which for the level of foot traffic was impressive. The pools are for hotel guests only (there is an attendant to check key cards). There are many pools to choose from though they all resemble a Greek style design. The lounge chairs are rather comfortable and do not need to be reserved. The thicker cushioned lounges ($300) and of course the cabanas need to be reserved ahead of time. The Garden of the Gods pool closes at 6p Saturday and the others an hour later which I just can't understand. All in all a very enjoyable complex. Room 780 in Romans tower was traditional, but massive! There was a couch and two chairs making up a seating area - albeit around an outdated disappointing in cabinet television. The bathroom was large as well with a toilet and bidet separated into another room. The main door to 780 was behind another door off the hallway. The keycard was required for both doors. Next to the internal door was a door to another room - I am guessing for adjoining purposes.The shops were really cool. The ceiling looks like sky and all the buildings have their own roofs which make for a good "skyline." The center area kind of reminded me of St Peters Square with all the figures around it.
3	This used to be one of my favorite places to stay at. Here are some quick tips though!1. Parking here is really ample, there's a lot that leads to the back part of Caesar's Palace. Park on the 5th floor on the outdoor rooftop for easy elevator access without walking too far.2. The check-in counter from the parking lot is a long ways away! Try to take the Appian Way to cut through most of the building and read them signs!3. The $20 tip trick holds true here, try your best to score an upgrade to another resort room!4. No resort fees! Though I think the price is just built into the hotel total price anyway.5. The Bacchanal Buffet is tremendous! I wrote a review about it separately from this one about the Hotel itself.I stayed here multiple times with different people. My family and I visited some time in 2005 and stayed in the nicer suites. It was really comfortable, the decor was awesome, and the jacuzzi tub was a plus. Fast forward a bit and in the last year or so my girlfriend and I wound up in Vegas for our first (of many!) trips to Vegas. I was excited to relive my experience in a suite that my family and I stayed in.There are a few things that cause me to believe that whoever designed Caesars was a guy who wanted people to walk long distances for no reason. The property for Caesar's is humongous. I mean walking through the whole property would probably be a nice day's exercise. Everything is far apart.What probably makes the least sense is the fact that the parking lot and the hotel lobby area are really far apart. The last thing that I wanted to do was to walk with all my luggage to the check in counter that was about ten minutes away. The other thing that bothered me was that the room elevators for each of the individual towers was also far, far away. It seemed like there was no central design in mind for Caesar's Palace.Anyways, it's good to get exercise, but one of the bigger design flaws is the lack of signage that tells you where to go. It's hard for first time hotel guests who parked in the lot to find the lobby area by navigating the vast ways around the hotel floor. Besides the complex design, the whole casino feels like something that is semi-transformed from being part of old Vegas legend. It feels kind of like some of the games have seen their fair share of days. The rooms within the casino though are pretty comfortable provided you do not get hooked up with the rooms near the parking lot. The day we came to Caesar's, we tipped $50 to get a "complementary" upgrade. As a side note, $50 is way over paying, usually a $20 will suffice! Anyways, the room we got upgraded to was comfortable, but I would say that there were many small issues with room cleanliness. Speaking of which, the service is mediocre and is typical, nothing to rave about, but pretty standard in Vegas.The bottom line is that if everywhere else in the 5 star hotel category is sold out/expensive, I wouldn't mind staying here again for cheap. Otherwise, I  would say that staying at this hotel is pretty skippable.
5	Clubs, cocktails, casinos, crazy weekends ... if you love Vegas as much as I do there is no better place to stay than Caesars. Caesars is located in the heart of the strip, right next door to Bellagio, and a short walk from both the Venetian and the Cosmopolitan.  The casino is huge, filled with blackjack and craps tables. Bring your friends, bring your chips, and enjoy the night with free cocktails. If you have never played craps before this is the place to learn. Be careful though, your first roll of the dice is intoxicating after one night you will be hooked. Caesars also has the best sports book in Vegas. If there is a game you want to watch, this is the place to come. You can bet on anything and the environment cant be beat. Caesars I love you more than you will ever know, I miss you dearly, keep a light on for me, I promise I'll be back to visit soon.
5	The decorations of the Casino was great! The Weekend Champagne Brunch was AWESOME!  The food was delicious, The have food from a lot of different cuisines, our server was great on keeping our champagne glass full. for $49.99 a person it was well worth the money.
5	I was very fortunate to be able to stay in one of the Caesars Palace Hotel's suites a few years ago. Not only was I taken back by their amazing hotel room, but their entire Rome themed property surrounded with beautiful pools, tall marble columns and life-like statues.  I've been coming to this hotel for years, and the atmosphere never ceases to amaze me.The property boasts tons of restaurants from gourmet to casual dining including restaurants from famous well-known name chefs such as Bobby Flay, Gordon Ramsay, and Nobu Matsuhisa along with more casual family dining such as The Cheesecake Factory and Planet Hollywood.They also have lots of gaming space, including an immense Race and Sports Book area where you can bet on your teams or just follow the action on one of their oversized flat screens or LED board.You could also dive into one of their five spacious, elegant pools, enjoy some relaxation in their spa, indulge in a drink or two at one of their bars or see their live performance show with the famous Celine Dion singing her greatest hits.Another reason I enjoy staying at this hotel is for the shopping found in their Forum Shops.  You can pick up the finest apparel, jewelry and other gifts there from stores like Banana Republic, Bebe, Bath and Body Works, Christian Louboutin, Coach, H & M, MAC Cosmetics and Tiffany.  They even have an Apple store!  Okay, so I only named a handful of MY favorites, but you get the point.  They've got everything!  I will definitely be back the next time I'm visiting Las Vegas!
4	Back in the day, this was the greatest hotel in Las Vegas.  Not anymore, but it's still very good.  The whole Caesars/Harrahs corporate marriage has reduced the quality of every property in their empire, and this one is certainly less of a Palace than it used to be.  Very few high rollers in the casino, lots of empty pits that I never saw open, penny slots everywhere, the gambling greatness has obviously gone elsewhere in Vegas.My room was in the Forum Tower and was quite nice.  Large, contemporary, comfortable.  And I didn't even ask for an upgrade. The only thing to be aware of is that the marble shower, which is huge and featured a seat built into it, leaked to the bathroom floor and left water on the floor, even with a bathmat.  The floor is marble as well, so it got a little slippery, so be careful.  But if, heaven forbid, you should fall in the bathroom, there is a phone in there and a TV built into the mirror, which was very cool.Everything in this place is expensive, dare I say overpriced. I had a package delivered from the Business Center and got charged $5.00.  I asked for an hour later checkout and got charged for that too.  They have Keurig coffee brewers in the room, but the coffee pods are $12.00 for two, with condiments that barely would be enough for one cup.  And oh yeah, there were no coffee cups in the coffee kit or the room.  In addition, the hotel is HUGE, and it is a long walk from the front entrance to any room tower, the restaurants (pricey) or anywhere else on the property.  This is one place where paying the bellman a tip to get your bags to your room is a good investment so you don't have to drag them all over the place yourself. On a related note, lines at check out time can be long, so you might want to use the under publicized express checkout on your TV to avoid the lines.  When you check out that way, you get your receipt sent to you via e mail before you get to the lobby.  Pretty sweet. One thing that has not changed from the formerly perfect Caesars was the service.  From the people at the front desk and beyond, the service and friendliness of everyone I came into contact with was truly exceptional.  At least the new corporate structure hasn't messed that up.  There's still something special about Caesars Palace.  It's a Vegas institution, even though it's lost a bit of its luster to some of the newer and more luxurious properties in town.
1	Don't check your bags with the Bell desk.  It will take over 40 minutes to get them.  And you have to wait in your room.
1	I was really disappointed from the start of our stay.  We were on a girls weekend and made a specific request for two non-smoking rooms with two beds.  When we checked in there were none available.  Kimberly, the front desk clerk did her best to find us an alternative, but two of us still ended up sleeping on pull always.At the end of our stay the bill was completely wrong with all kinds of extra charges, and because we did express checkout rather than stay in the 1 hour line, I could not dispute the charges.  Rather,I must take extra time out of my day to call the billing department.  I found dealing with minor issues at this hotel difficult at best.  I don't recommend staying here.  There are plenty of other choices that have way better customer service.
4	7 Stars and Diamond Lounge located near the Augustus Tower. The Forum Tower is located near the food court. This is the place I stay when visiting Vegas.
5	We just stayed at this hotel for two nights and it was wonderful. When we arrived I requested an early check-in and they gave me a free room upgrade to the luxury tower suite. I did not ask for an upgrade but the extremely kind woman at the front desk gave it to me. The room was amazing, overlooking the pool, and had a jacuzzi tub and stall shower. It was awesome. The entire hotel is dedicated to extreme customer service and is highly responsive to all customer requests. We ordered room service and it arrived 30 minutes later as they said it would. The prices are comparable to other high end hotels and the environment is pure Vegas style. I really love this hotel, the Forum shops are awesome, many coffee bars for when you want coffee in the morning, and every type of restaurant you could imagine. Next time I want to stay at their Hotel Nobu because it looks divine. =)
5	I recently booked and stayed at Caesars Palace for the first time in my life for a bachelorette weekend. Not only was it a great weekend, it was by far the greatest Vegas experience I've ever had (and I've had a LOT - stayed in most of the hotels located on the strip!).Service was impeccable; from the front desk to the pool attendants, everyone was kind, caring, attentive and appreciative of your business. This is HUGE for me. It's frustrating to stay in one of the newer hotels and feel like your being treated like a second class citizen because you're not staying in their penthouse. And when we tipped a bell hop or parking attendant, they took it with appreciation (unlike most my experiences when they just expect it).Rooms were great; beds were super comfy, loved the shower (and the shower pressure) and the fact that it had a spa tub - just bummed I never got the chance to use it!The pool was the perfect amount of relaxation with a good time. If you're into the whole clubbing-pool idea and want to pay at least $50 to layout on a pool chair, then this isn't the spot for you. The pool had a great mix of music from oldies to top 40's, the drinks were fabulous, and the pool attendant passed out complimentary otter pops while we were hanging out. What's not to love?!We went to Spago's for dinner - between the entire group, the reviews ranged from mediocre food to great. Mine was great (I ordered the New York steak) and I'm writing the review which is why it still gets 5-stars for me! But the service was fantastic! Our server was Charlotte - she was absolutely lovely; she was hilarious, helpful and knew how to get it done.After dinner, we ventured to Pure. Seeing as we were a bachelorette party, we were asked to join the VIP section which, I'll give you this, definitely made the entire experience 5-star worthy. That said, after several drinks, one of our group members was warned several times that if she continued to drink/dance crazy, she would be asked to leave and eventually she was. However, even THAT experience was pleasant! The bouncers were really nice and understanding about the situation.*At checkout, unfortunately I had to physically go checkout because I had to swap out credit cards to pay the balance. Were the lines long? Yes. Are the lines long everywhere on a Sunday checkout day? Yes. Why was this a 5-star experience? Because they offered complimentary waters while we waited in line.Overall, if you're looking for a nice and tasteful Vegas experience - stay at Caesars.* Our 5-star experience at Pure MAY have been because it was the weekend of Coachella which meant not a lot of celebrities around to take up the VIP areas. If that were the case, I'm incredibly thankful that the bride-to-be inadvertently scheduled her trip during that time!
4	I am a sucker for themed hotels, however, in addition to come to the hotel to look at the detail, I like the Forum shops. It's the closet thing to the mall that you will get on the strip, at inflated prices. Personally other than FAO I've never actually bought anything, just browsed. It is a good way to kill time, look at expensive stores and admire the decor inside the mall. For the most part, the store are no different than the ones we have in Vancouver. I enjoy the feeling that you're outside instead of in a mall (faux cloud roof). It is actually a big mall worth checking out, just not strip shops.
2	While the shopping area and some of the restaurants are quite excellent, the rooms are not up to the standard of a $500.00 a night room.  Much has been done to maximize profit for the hotel. The staff work short hours and there are insufficient staff to assist, which results in long lines everywhere.  Want to make your own coffee in your room, it goes on the bill at premium rates. Nothing included.Also, skip Old Homestead Steakhouse at this hotel, it is not the same quality as the one in NYC.
4	Last year I stayed in Caesars Palace several times.My flight got into town earlier than check-in and the clerk was nice enough to find me a room that was available and it was pretty nice and I enjoyed staying in that room.If you never been to Caesars you are in for a treat. There are shops and places to eat galore and of course gambling. I think I am the only person who has gone to Vegas didn't gamble but still came back with more money than I came with. That's because I found a quarter in the casino. lolOn my next stay at Caesars, I stayed in a room that was EXTREMELY close to the club which was not good and it was older than the prior room I stayed in. Will I go back to Vegas probably will I return to Caesars probably but will I stay there, I have no idea.
5	One of the superior hotels in Las Vegas!A very luxury hotel that meets all expectations. No need to write everything I want to praise, because it is certainly well known.I can only complain about one little thing: The windows do not open. Not even a small gap, as usual.
4	Had a great weekend here for buddy's golf!  We had a great room in the Augustus tower on the 42nd floor overlooking the Bellagio fountain.  Morning and night I could never get tired of the view!  This Casino is very well situated on the center of the strip.  Over the week we had some good meals at the restaurants and enjoyed walking through the forum shops.  Nobu is crazy over priced, Gordon Ramsay was quite good but very expensive also!  After rounds of golf we really enjoyed the Qua spa's especially a massage after being out in the near 100F Nevada sun!  Didn't do much gaming but there is always lots of options.  There are so many hotel choices in Vegas but you shouldn't be disappointed with CP!  Only complaint was that on the Friday and Saturday the Casino was quite smoky!  I wonder if LV Casinos will ever ban indoor smoking!
5	Let me start off by saying that this place hooks you up.  I received an email about concierge service prior to my arrival.  I made a request and was told that I would receive a call within 48 hours about the items I was inquiring on.  Well since I didn't get a call back, I called them.  When I told them what happened, they quickly apologized and deducted $200.00 from my stay and sent me a limo.  What service.  I will always make this hotel my go to hotel.The detail that was put into this hotel is amazing.  The design the decorations were breathtaking.  The rooms were spacious (Palace Tower Suite).  I was totally taken back on the intricate detail of the columns, the pool area, and the statues on top of the roofs.  Beautiful details all around.  The huge mall inside was amazing. Anything you needed was in there.  The restaurants were great.  There was one that was open 24hrs.If you must go to VEGAS, definately stay here!  Its an experience you will never forget.
5	What's not to love about Caesars??? Come on Friday or Saturday to see Cesar, Cleopatra and Anthony walking around around the casino to greet guessAlso gotta try the Bachanal buffet, it's #1 in Vegas right now
4	Stayed in the Augustis tower and it was beautiful. Nice view of the Bellagio. This is really a Resort!! Theres so much to do!id stay again if the rate was nice.
3	Im really conflicted with Caesars. The rooms are severely outdated and doesnt accommodate the needs of the modern traveler. The televisions were extremely small (32") and uncomfortable beds. The bathrooms were dated as well, with the white marble looking dirty and the wall paper peeling. I was quite disappointed with the service. I requested just two wine glasses and didnt get them until 6 hours later. Also when I ordered room serviced breakfast, I received jam that was previous opened...The only redeeming factor of this hotel is the AWESOME buffet. I've been to all the buffets in Las Vegas and hands down, Caesars buffet is the best.Stayed April 2013, traveled on business
5	My new favorite hotel on the Strip! I go to Vegas for one reason and one reason only, and that's to have fun and Caesar's Palace is definitely a FUN resort. There's so much energy and movement, it totally embodies the spirit of Las Vegas. I stayed in the Augustus Tower which has easy access to the casino entrance, plus its own Starbucks in the lobby. My favorite thing about Caesar's (besides the buffet, Bacchanal, which was so good, it deserves its own review) was how many tiny little bars they located all over the casino floor. If you ever wanted to take a break and sit down (and not drink those watered down gaming drinks they pass out) you could easily find a fun bar to grab a quick cold one. I went to a few other hotels during this visit and that was not something they all offered. It's just nice so that you still feel part of the action, but not throwing all your money down a machine( throw it at a bartender instead, they are MUCH more appreciative!) It's easy to get lost wandering through here, but there's so much to look at it never really matters. It's practically dead center on the strip so it made it easy to get around to all the other casinos, especially because my friends were staying in a different hotel. Only complaint is that its FREEZING in the casino and the rooms. I think that's a general complaint about Las Vegas, but Caesar's seemed especially frio!
1	WORST PLACE EVER!!! RUDEST STAFF I EVER MET!!!!now i didn't stay at their hotel but i was in the casino and their staff at the gaming tables were BEYOND rude.i'm just standing there, watching my boyfriend play roulette and the roulette ball tossing woman decides to card me even though i'm not playing. Okay, no big deal. I hand her my US Passcard and it's obvious she has absolutely NO idea what she's looking at, she hands it over to the guy next to her who's stacking the chips and he too has no idea what he's looking at, at which point they hand it to the female pit boss who (guess what?) has NO IDEA what she's looking at and they start giving me a hard time about it. It was the day before my 30th birthday. Yes, THIRTY! 3-0. Thanks for ruining my birthday Caesar's Palace with your incompetent staff who were practically on the verge of tossing me out of the casino if i didn't conveniently have my passport on hand. it's absolutely ridiculous having two female chinese immigrants harassing me about my United States passcard whilst IN THE UNITED STATES. what kind of absurdity is THAT?!And then they have the nerve to tell me that it would've been better had i shown them my driver's license. so you're telling me that you know what all 50 driver's licenses look like and what all 200 country passports look like BUT you have no clue what a United States passcard looks like when you work and live in the United States?!You need to better train your employees on their manners and what government issued IDs look like. You are lucky yelp requires a 1 star minimum because honestly, you deserve ZERO STARS!
1	I hate this hotel more than I can say.  I'd give them a negative star and beg people to tear it down, but the Forum shops are okay, and their concert venue is really nice, so I'll add a star for that.  Other than that, this place is overpriced and over-rated crap.Their casino is awful.  Their machines have some of the lowest payouts in Vegas.  Their table games have some of the highest minimum bets on the strip, and their staff is snobbish and rude.  If you aren't laying down $100 per hand, then you are simply not worth their time. The last time I was there was about a year ago. I actually had one of their pit bosses SNEER at me when I asked if there were any $10 Blackjack tables available, and he told me me it might be best if I found a lower class hotel to play in.  EXCUSE ME?!?!  I was wearing dress pants and a polo at the time, so it's not like I was looking trashy...I was just waiting for my concert to start and wanting to blow $100 or $150 while I waited.The hotel itself was probably considered really nice when it was built in 1962, but it is completely dated and tacky compared to anything else on the strip.  It looks like some 60 year old Persian guy went nuts with marble statues and gold spray paint. (Not trying to be racist, but that stereotype is the only way I can think to describe the absurd level of tacky)Do yourself a favor.  Play somewhere else.  Oh, and for less money, you can upgrade to a pretty nice suite at any of the folowing for a MUCH better experience: Mirage, TI, the Monte Carlo, and the Venetian.
3	I like Cesar's Palace i just feel they have built so many new casinos now that this one feels so old fashion now. The furniture and interior needs some uplifting and the colors look very dull to me every time i walk in they just look to dark to me. Maybe there suppose to look that way because they want to keep it in the ancient times, but i wasn't that impressed with the room we stayed in either and the room service was not the greatest they didn't show up until 3:00 pm in the afternoon which we had wanted our room cleaned earlier. I am only giving the 3-stars because it is one of the original casinos that was built in Las Vegas and it has some history to be seen there.
3	This was my first and last stay at Caesar's Palace LV.  I prepaid for 3 deluxe rooms at the new Octavius Tower and was expecting a smooth check-in process when my family and I arrived but no such luck.  Driving up to the South Entrance Exclusive entrance was smooth, the guy at Valet was nice and helpful!  Walk into the hotel and head towards check-in and the girl at the front desk was not the smartest.... I gave her my name and reservation numbers along with letting her know that I had paid our rooms in full prior to arrival.  She smugly replied to me with a "we'll see about that".  From there my registration experience only got worse,  it took her 20 minutes to verify that the rooms were paid in full and after that she proceeded to ask for a CC for incidental authorization which is customary in some hotels but for whatever reason she ended up charging $600 to the card instead of the authorization.  I asked her why and she said well since you already paid for your rooms the computer system won't allow me to just authorize $200 a room so I charged it and when you check out  the charges will be reversed.  Well I found this whole ordeal to be completely unacceptable being that Bellagio and Venetian did not do that and even worse a trip to Laughlin a couple months back staying at Harrahs no problems.  So I asked to speak with her manager so sue called him and then hung up and said to hold on, she went out a door and was behind us talking to a man on a desk who followed her to her workstation and said he was the guy in charge, his name was Justin Prince.  We explained to him the problem of charging the card vs auth and the fact that even after we checked out the reverse normally would take a couple of days to process. He really didn't care not even when I told him about the other much nicer hotels and even Caesar's sister hotel Harrah's.   Not very customer service oriented.  We finally made it to the rooms and they were nice large marble floor bathrooms with jetted tub, comfy bed and nice linens, flat screen TV and a decent view of the Bellagio.  After unpacking and getting situated we realized the lack of outlets in the room.  With 3 people staying in the room in a gadget dominated world with only 3 open plugs, certainly not enough for the iPhones and iPads and laptop to all charge at the same time.   I did call the front desk and they sent a maintenance man over with a power cord and I do have to say the lady at the desk and the maintenance man were quite nice.  My only other issue was they only provided 2 sets of towels, so I had to call down for that too. Now the Casino- well it's the same OLD, same OLD.  Not much different than when walking thru in visits past.   They need a make over or major refurbishment. The Forum Shops-  Very nice shopping as usual.  Probably the only reason for a future visit.
1	Paid 900 for a weekend stay in a room that smelled like sewage. Complained and they sent maintenance out . The man said the rooms have this problem in the summer, and all he could do about it was spray air freshener. TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE! This facility has unsanitary plumbing ventilation and is too cheap to fix it.  Should be shut down until odor issue has been resoved.
3	My first trip to Vegas. I was in town for a conference and had a room in the Palace Tower. The space had an Art Deco flair. I had a clean room which was very quiet, almost eerily so at times, as I rarely saw anyone else on my floor other than housekeeping.The space was a tad worn, with tape holding down carpet seams in the hallway, some frayed carpet behind the nightstand, which I saw when trying to plug in my phone charger, and some wearing on the back of bathroom door and vanity, but really overall nice. The TV reception and availability of channels was not great, but I imagine most people are not there for the in-room TV options.At the conference they had impressive food at the welcome reception, and the desserts at all meals were great. During the conference, especially in Pompeii III, there was a lot of ruckus (loud conversations, motorized vehicles) in what I imagine were internal hallways, which made it hard to hear some of the sessions.I found that Caesar's Palace had an iPhone app, and since there were not a lot of in-room materials detailing amenities on site, I tried using it to find out more about the spa and other options, however when I would put in my room number and name (which were what the room was paid for under) the app would generate an error. I am not sure if it was related to the fact that I was told at check in that my room was not available, and was put in a different room.I was also given two room key cards, and one of them was never functional. Not a big deal since I was alone, and once I figured it out I made sure I kept the functional one with me.The location was convenient to the Forum shoppes, the Bellagio, Mon Ami Gabi and more.I did enjoy the room including decor and the array of restaurants on site, and if I were in the area again for business, I would certainly consider Caesar's Palace.
4	This hotel is MASSIVE!! you can literally get lost. SO many towers in different locations. So far ive stayed in the Augustis tower, which is beautiful... and the forum tower. The Forum tower has remodled rooms, but is dissapointing after the Augustis tower guest room, which has a seperate valet.Caesars Palace offers THE BEST shopping in VEGAS! The Forum SHOPS ARE AMAZING!!!! Every store you can think of, for every budget. Versace store is bomb.com! ALWAYS my first stop at Caesars.  The casino itself is large, but not for gamblers. Too many distractionsService at the front desk is Usually Very good.BUT, the MAIN Valet is HORRRIBLLEE!! =[ it WILL take you 25-30 minutes to bring your car out of valet.I recommend using the Forum Valet behind the main entrance. Fast and EfficientI will not give 5 stars, untill ALL the guest towers have a remodel. The Roman tower is still ghetto.
4	Loved my room, huge, bathroom was ridiculous. I would totally stay here again. Overlooked the pool, my only complaint was when I tried napping in the afternoon to rest up to go back out, the music from the pool was so LOUD that you could hear it in the rooms. Otherwise, great experience with checking in and the room being ready when we arrived. Cleaning crew did a good job. Beds were very comfortable.
5	I LOVE staying at Caesars Palace.  Here's why:1. For the price that they charge, their rooms are pretty nice.  2. It was in the Hangover, and every time I stay I hope I see Mr. Chow! 3. LOTS of food options...both fancy and affordable.4. It's in the middle of the strip, so you are pretty close to everything.5. Their pool is HUGE.  If you are not in the mood to go to a pool party, you can relax in one of their beautiful pools! 6. Forum Shops are awesome...so many great stores!7. Serendipity 3 is right outside...they have the best triple decker grilled cheese and frozen hot chocolate.8. Great photo opps everywhere - so many sculptures!9. Their lotion smells fabulous.10. Great service.  Last time the guy upgraded us, just cause he was nice. Also, they were pretty quick at bringing extra towels, lotion, etc.Only downfall: If it's your first time staying here, it's pretty easy to get lost.  The hotel is HUGE so make sure to ask for a map :)
5	We checked in and were upgraded to the Octavius tower. That and the Augustus tower are in the best location, close to the pool, buffet and exit to Las Vegas Blvd. You only have to walk across the casino to get to the forum shops.  The casino was only mildly smokey, I am usually sensitive to it, but it was OK. I did not smell of smoke after being there. Pool was great, swim up black jack, great bar and food, lots of choices for swimming, lots of shade too! We were there in June.  The Tower rooms have a VIP valet, that was wicked quick! Free too! Room was great, large bathroom, couch area, soft but comfy beds. Hubby enjoyed the SMOKE FREE poker room. Service was impeccable throughout our stay! The $25/night "resort" fee was annoying,  but that got you free, pretty fast internet.
4	Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.This is a classic Vegas hotelGreat selection of restaurants with awesome casino.The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.Great service.From time to time, you'll see Caesar and Cleopatra roaming in the hotel with guards.Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.I like staying here.
4	Holy beautiful! I suppose this review isn't quite fair, because I didn't stay there, nor did I spend any real time here...we simply tried to find Pete Rose to get an autograph. Pete Rose doesn't sign here anymore, but the scenery is absolutely breathtaking. The sculptures, the carvings, the art - all spectacular! The ceiling is phenomenal!...puts the  Paris' to shame!
5	One word can sum up my stay here:  Amazing!!!   I've been to Vegas several time but Caesar's ranks as my favorite! The service was stellar!.Every time I called the front desk to ask a question, I was addressed by my name. I was here for a conference and lucked out with an upgrade to the Augustus tower Jr. suite, thank you!!Location is perfect with lots of shopping at the Forum shoppes tons of dining options!!Huge pool, casino, everything. Let's be honest, Caesar's is massive!! Right in the middle of the strip, plenty of action all around!!Thank you Caesar for an awesome experience!
4	Totally loved Caesars!!  The casino is clean and well laid out.  It is so huge and seems to go on forever, but it's seriously hours of entertainment.  We loved exploring all of the shops and drooling over all the high-end merchandise.  The sky ceiling is beautiful and makes you feel like you are in Italy walking down the street.  There are a TON of restaurants in the casino and you will definitely have more than enough choices if you stay here!
4	My second time in Las Vegas, my boyfriend and I stayed at Caesars. What a great choice. We originally booked the room through hotels.com, one of the rooms in the FORUM tower (one of many at Caesars). The rooms in FORUM tower are recently renovated with updated furniture and it looked very nice. Upon arrival, we realized that the rooms in FORUM tower don't have a bathtub, (which was a big deal for us) so when we checked in, we asked for an upgrade to a room that had a bathtub. There was a small extra fee per night but it was definitely cheaper than paying the regular rate for the room we were upgraded to : AUGUSTUS tower. Our room was very spacious (probably bigger than my old apartment) with a very comfortable king size bed, sitting area with sofa, dining area, a HUGE bathroom with  a bathtub and glass door shower with the toilet in a separate room. This particular room had the view of the strip and the pools at Caesars. We totally lucked out.It is a HUGE hotel/resort so it's very important to know exactly which tower and which casino you're in so you can find your way back after a few drinks. They have great restaurants : MESA grill by Bobby Flay, the Buchanal buffet (50 dollars but totally worth it) and others. Their pools are more mellow than most pools at other hotels, it's more of a relax and sip drinks kind of atmosphere, not let's have a huge party with 1000 people and a dj. The only downside to this great place was that there was a fee for everything. Like, if you even moved an item (even if you were to put it right back) in the bar fridge in the room, they will charge you. There will also be a charge upon checking out for resort fees and pool fees. Nothing too outrageous but no one ever wants to pay anything extra at the end. Overall, my experience was just fantastic and I would definitely stay at Caesars again.
4	Its tradition that my mom and dad go to Vegas every 6 months to splurge...and just so happens to drag my me with them. With foreign parents, its often difficult for them to communicate to the English Speaking people of "Las Vegas". Guess who serves as the translator?  So, I'll share my insights. They have something called "Diamond in a Day" where if you accumulate around 5,000 tier credit points you get the Diamond Card. Now this is awesome if your cranky and don't want to wait for the taxi or buffet line at the resort (perks of diamond). Its also handy if for some odd reason, such as  you get a hangover and forget your in Vegas and have an insatiable craving to work out, you can get into the Fitness Gym for free (Which is awesome)Now for the room, we always stay in the Octavius Tower, mind you, is Awesome! The beds are extremely comfy, decor top notch, and you get a nice view of the pool downstairs. I hear the price of the room in Octavius is pretty pricey, but we always get COMPED. Other than getting drunk and wasted at the many bars, what else can you do?The Pools, they have 7 pools which are open during the summer and 1 pool that's open year round. Its Awesome, the water is crystal blue complemented with the authentic roman floor decor and surrounding statues make you really believe that your in ancient Rome. Its a nice temporary escape from the fact that you just lost thousands in the casino. They have nice seats for you to sunbathe and free towel service. The only downside is that the beds surrounding the pool are EXPENSIVE.  Overall, the hotel itself is top notch. If you're in the Total Rewards program, this is the best hotel that is in the program. So the next time you're deciding to gamble millions, remember to choose Caesars.
5	This place was amazing! Great service and the rooms were awesome! I would definitely stay there again!
4	Love The Casino here. I got lost the first time. There is always plenty of entertainment around.
4	My hatband and I visited to hotel for 2 nights.When we checked in we also got a free upgrade to the a palace room which was pretty amazing. It was big and had a huge bathroom area with a jacuzzi.The facilities were great. Amazing pools and a lot of entertainment within the hotel. The location is great and close to everything. I would recommend the Bacchanel buffet (hope I spelled it right..) - amazing and worth the price. cons:-The Resort fee is high and only provides wifi for one device, otherwise you need to pay $14.99 a day - high! -coffee in the room is $12, crazy! -the comfy lounge beds around the pool are $50/bed(!), we moved to the regular beds. I would expect a more reasonable price for that or even free, as we are paying a lot for the hotel already. -self parking is really far from the front desk, consider dropping off bags first and maybe then go park.
2	It's pet friendly ..yes that's true..but only rich dogs are allowed to stay here...Guess I should have checked that out more first, oh well, I told the clients I was taking them here so it is what it is..got them a regular room, while my chihuahuas and I stayed in fab suite.The good...RemodeledCheck in was quickRoom was niceBed comfyThe bad...All the commie fees on my room serviceThe commie fee they hide as a resort feeThe commie ATM fee for my Australian clients $27...omgThe service has gone way way way way down.....I avoided the pool because I am not into blaring DJ's banging hip hop and techno while I try to lay out and read a book...I expected more from Caesars...yes I can see Hardrock...the Palms etc going that route but really..this is Caesars..most of their customers are over 35.....anyway hate to be a party pooper but I'm not into teeth rattling bass at the pool, and I'm nocturnal....I party till 7 a.m.....I want my daytime quiet....so I ordered room service...This is what I orderedEggs BenedictBerries with creamA side sausage for the chihuahuasDiet coke....The food was super fast and excellent....perfect..loved it....what I don't like is all the bs fees they add to everything....my food was about $50....but my bill was $98..by the time the guy left. Do they think we don't notice all these bs fees??? What the hell is a resort fee....am I paying for the pool DJ? Is it for wifi? Can I point out that their wifi per month is only $20!!!! How do they justify all these commie fees.....aren't they supposed to be considered amenities.???? Isn't that why I am staying at. Nice resort??? Sh-t I could have stayed at Motel 6 with no wifi..pool..or pet fees...what the hell has happened to our world when I can get better service at a crap motel than I can at Caesars????I think I preferred Vegas when the mob ran the place and it still had class.....now it's ran by a bunch of useless Commies!!!!!
4	Review for the pool:My friends and I wanted to simply get some sun and sit on pina colada. And we did JUST that. We initially went into the day-club area quickly turned around and left because there was no place to sit or layout. The venus pool is a nice kidfriendly pool. There are statues and fountains all around and chairs everywhere. We went on a saturday so it was pretty crowded but had a great time hanging out...
2	Old ass rooms! They are soo cheap here that they turn off the ac every time they clean the room in hot Las Vegas. Our room has a view of plumbing and a wall. Look at pics I posted
3	The rooms are very nice and everything is very clean at this hotel. My only real complaint was how ridiculously over priced the alcholic beverages were at the pool...really 18$ for a 16oz drink that had only one shot or $24 for a 24oz drink with 4 shots...come on,,be reasonable with your paying hotel customers and they will return for years to come.
5	I had such a good time staying at Caesars Palace that I was compelled to write my first Yelp Review ever! How 'bout that?Anyway, the coolest thing by far about this place was that I did not have to stop watching my FRIENDS marathon while I was in the shower. That's right, folks, there is a TV in the bathroom! Maybe some people may think it's tacky, but I thought it was effing awesome. And, the shower. Very roomy with great water pressure. Not only was freshening up a good experience, the naps that we took during the 111 degree weather were great amazing as well. Our king-sized bed was cozy and we didn't have to fight for pillows. Too lazy to get up and close the curtains? Why not just push the button right above the nightstand and have electronics do it for you? Mind blown. The non-smoking room really did not smell like smoke. This place was immaculate.The casino was excellent. Can't get enough of the SATC slot machines. The Bacchanal Buffet was worth the wait. The next time I go, I will have to remember that it's bigger than it actually looks! The Asian section was in the way back and I amost missed it! The bar Numb was yum. And, the proximity to the restaurants and stores at the Forum Shops was great, too. We didn't even have to go outside in the heat while we were all dressed up for dinner!This was the first time I went on vacation with the boyfriend, so I am glad we stayed somewhere so nice. I am not entirely sure how much he spent on our stay, but I am sure it was well worth it!
4	Wah! Got upgraded into the Octavius tower when we arrived!So nice and clean! ALTHOUGH, I could not get connecting rooms with my parents, we at least got on the same floor. BUTTTTT. my parents got like, tooth paste, tooth brush, and stuff, and our room did not!The maid service was very nice every morning! most of them would greet us in the morning!minus one star because the walk was SO far from our rooms to the parking garage. (i found a shortcut while we were checking out, take the Appian way shops for a nice shortcut! to the parkinglot)also, if you're 20, they card right away!
3	Depending on what end of the strip you're staying at, you may or may not make it to Caesars as there are so many hotels, casinos, and restaurants.  However, if you're going to catch a show or concert, you'll most likely end up at Caesars.  The hotel has a bit of nostalgic draw as well.
3	Caesars is iconic on the strip and a great place to see a concert or show.  The restaurants are pretty good and the bar scene and casino are very crowded, at least on the weekend nights.
1	I did the math....$28 resort fee X's 3910= MORE THAN 40 MILLION A YEAR!!!!Commie fee alert, Commie fee alert!!!I also Googled resort fee for my fellow yelpers....covers...fitness centerlocal callsinternetnewspaperI NEED NONE OF THOSE!!!!When is it time for us to speak up about this kind of BS...its an outrage....the above should be services and amenities that are part of the fact that I would choose to stay in such a resort.Do not even get me started on room service Commie fees....This is false advertising, we are being taken advantage of, start standing up for your rights people!!!!
2	Spent 4 nights there for a convention, the exterior, the casino the lobby, absolutely beautiful.  The concierge and the staff are a dream- completely dedicated to your experience.  However when you get to the room in the palace tower its a little downhill.  First thing is unmopped floors and sinks that have not been wiped down for some time.  Open the cabinet door to the mini bar- it comes off in your hand.  On the second day there, a large piece of wood that was covering the pipes on the sink fell off and got my foot (ouch) I quick phone call to the desk promised a speedy repair but we saw no such thing - left 3 days later having had to step around a large board in the bathroom.  Down the hall to purchase a water from the vending machine rewarded me with a machine that took my money and rewarded me with gushing ice cold  water from the bottom of the machine and over my feet.  That didnt ever get mopped up either.  So, in the future I will mostly likely visit the good parts of Caeser and stay clear of the housekeeping nightmares by staying elswhere.  Its a real shame - if housekeeping could rise to that standard the rest of the staff had I would stay there every time.......
4	Request a room in their newer towers that were recently renovated. much nicer and up to date.
5	wow. hopefully my husband and i can spend a night here next time we're in Vegas. We had a lot of fun in the casino here and just really can appreciate the classy decor and architecture. Its a stunning hotel, and huge and perfectly located in the strip.if you're not staying here, go check it out! Its so cool!
1	Don't stay here.  Bad security.  Car got broken into in the parking garage.  They were no help whatsoever!
2	Outdated rooms. An old crowd and no Jacuzzi
2	Soooo disapointing! Sooooo overpriced for what you get... And as already mentioned by many other yelpers, the resort fee is a nonsense... The front desk is a long wait, the frontdesk lady is not accomodating, nobody proposed to take care of our luggage, the room in the forum tower was just renovated but small and way way overpriced compared to other hotels like the wynn, venetian, aria! We had a problem of trace of blood on the toilet door, and the 2 managers we talked to were unpleasant and inefficient.We don't recommend this hotel. Better options are available for the same price range. The only positive point is of course the location... That is the reason for the 2 stars rating...
4	Celine's show is in the Colosseum. Heard this place boasts 4296 seats! Flay's MESA grill, Ramsay now his has Pub and Grill, and 6 months back, Nobu opened up! More fresh Jp food I have never enjoyed as I did last night. Nobu hotel is also new.PS Cheesecake Factory and  Chocolate by the Bald Man inside Forum shops!
4	I still love this joint! But hey, it's Caesars Place! It was built in 1966 and still holds it's own. Just go there and enjoy everything.
4	"We're counting cards," I fibbed. Nah, I never gambled once and threw my money away instead on food and shopping. Most of it is high end, like "La Perla," but they got the joe schmo stuff now, too. Take a gander: "Emperors Essentials" has "Hangover" movie merchandise. #rainman
4	Its all about the Octavius Tower. The rooms are new, clean, and well designed. The bathrooms are the best. Large tub, separate shower, his and her sinks and separate toilet room. The beds are comfortable and the robes perfect for day napping. Pool - well, poolS. They have 7, but with that said they really have the two main larger pools. One was cold, one was warm. Amazing mojito drinks (32oz.) run about $24. AHH! So needed on these hot summer days though. Pool s crowded in the summer, go early if you want a group of lounge chairs together. Better yet, get a cabana if you can afford it. Food - I think Caesars has a great variety. Some of my favorite Vegas restaurants are here. Bobby Flay's Mesa is amazing, and the new Gordan Ramsey Pub & Grill is very good as well. They have one Starbucks in the hotel and anytime after 9am you will probably wait 30 mins in line. Usually its worth it, compared to the off brand coffee shop they have.The Forum Shops - Walk right on over to the shops without ever going outside. YAY! They have some designer stores (think GUCCI, LV), then they also have an H&M and Ann Taylor. The Forum also has more restaurant choices like Spago and The Palms Steakhouse. They have a little of everything. Perfect if you don't want to be at the pool or gambling during the day. Gambling - lots of tables and they seem to have the limits not insanely high, even on the weekends. The dealers we had were generally nice and helpful if you had questions.Overall, I love staying at Caesars because they have a little bit of everything for everyone, and the rooms are comfortable and nice!
2	I'd really give it 1.5 stars but will settle for 2.It's simple - overpriced rooms, food, drinks - ridiculous $28/day resort fee - crummy wifi (for the $28 fee no less) - full resort wifi is another like $25/day - the Roman Tower rooms are like the Motel 6 down the street - front desk service slow, slow, slow - the service for room issues was dismal.Go elsewhere.
5	Fantastic room, great price, location and great shops. Got a free upgrade to a much larger an nicer room. Dual waterfall shower heads, a lounge couch, chair, nice big screen TV, a huge king size bed. A fully stocked mini-bar with wines, beers, sodas and champagne. It was an amazing experience.
4	I still remember, back when I was booking our trip, an American bird was telling me how much she hates Vegas. Apparently, she hates it so much that she wouldn't feel an ounce of sadness or guilt if the place disappeared from the face of the earth.... My answer to that? Suit yourself - your loss because I loved it!Aside from the fact that I'm a bloke and I am both an avid advocate of and grateful (Believe me.. I am 150% grateful!) for the general consensus that is: "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas".  Anyway..... This trip being our first time in Vegas, we decided to do it in style and well, it had to be Caesars Palace! Anything else wouldn't have been good enough! We stayed in the Palace Tower and it costs us a bomb for 4 nights but you know what? I had a great time! The hotel is massive (it will literally take you close to 10 mins to get to your room if you're in say the Palace Tower from reception) but then again, that's normal in Sin City. With a couple of casinos namely the Palace Casino and Roman Casino, shops, restaurants: Gordon Ramsay's Pub N Grill & Nobu to name a few + a separate shopping mall in itself that is the Forum Shops (which you can access from the Palace Casino right next to Ramsay's Pub N Grill), Pure Nightclub and the Colosseum where you can watch Celine Dion or Shania Twain perform; Caesars is cool.. really cool..I liked our room - The bathroom was very spacious and we had a great view of the strip. The staff that I dealt with were really nice and helpful. The only letdown is that you have to pay for internet, which is a quite rubbish really. I mean most hotels give you at least free Wi-Fi in the lobby so....Overall, I really liked it and I will definitely check it out next time.
2	We booked a room that allowed dogs. A $200.00 refundable deposit was charged at check-in. It was very apparent that our room was not cleaned well if at all. The bathroom floors were filthy. The carpet had debris on it that would indicate it was not vacuumed and the sliding glass doors were dirty.As far as the $200.00 refundable deposit goes....It was refunded to us but it was very obvious that they never fixed any of the damage to the room. The chairs & Sofa were stained and the doors had scratch marks on them.Very Disappointed!!!!
4	Caesars Palace property is a place that everyone should check out.  It is one of the older hotels but now is more popular than ever.  It does not look like it is fading or anything and is still expensive as hell to try to get a room for the night.  It is now known as "the HANGOVER" hotel.  The movie craziness mostly are seen in the suite here, so this place has life again.  Rooms are pricey, tried to look into staying here one night recently and it was a higher price than we were willing to play. We got a good deal from Aria, this place was not offering any deals.  Great place to walk around and check out the restaurants that are here.  I did not gamble here that much, it was just for walking around.  I loved the statues here too, I agree with some others.
4	I recently stayed here for  the 4th of July long weekend, and I was pretty impressed with our room in the Octavius Tower, which is one of the newer buildings Caesar's added on. Our room was definitely more spacious than the typical Vegas hotel room I've had in mind - there are two queen size beds, a roomy couch, and a few sofa seats. The bathroom was definitely much larger than any Vegas bathroom I've previously seen - there was a separate shower from the big jacuzzi-style tub. Noise was never an issue and we didn't have any problems with utilities or cleanliness.Over all, I'm impressed. While I long to stay at some of the more "hot" hotels such as Aria, Wynn, or Cosmopolitan, I definitely would not have an issue staying here again.
5	In my opinion this is still the Best Hotel in Las Vegas. I just spent three wonderful nights and had a blast! Dining at Rao's was Fantastic! My room was sparkling clean and the housekeeping staff did everything with a smile. The entire hotel is very well kept. Even that it is now pet friendly, which is something I still don't understand why taking an animal on vacation is a good thing, that just my opinion. There is so much to do there you really don't need to go any where else! I loved it. I had planned on going to the pool for just a few hours before hitting the strip and before I knew it I had spent just about most of the day there. It was just beautiful! It  was extremely hot and the waitress staff were happy just to get you a large cup of ice water and they had life guards walking around giving offering everyone ice pops. I'm going back to Las Vegas in a couple of years and Caesars Palace is the only hotel I'm staying at. PS: lock up your belongings if you stay anywhere else, I was on the plane home with a passenger that has his Rolex watch stolen out of his hotel room. I won't say the exact name of the hotel but its one of the new ones and it starts with a "W". See you soon!! Viva Las Vegas!! Love YOU!!
4	The rooms are very comtemporary. The bathrooms have a tub and shower. The tub has jets so it could be a jacuzzi. But who needs that with the 4 different pools they have and they are gorgeous.  Be sure to get down there early as all the good seats in the sun get swiped quickly. The housekeepers are really nice and honest. Valet has 3 separate spots plus the valet in the forum.
1	Wow this place has gone down hill. Old smelly rooms. Service is horrible
5	OCTAVIUS TOWER:We never stayed here before and I decided to try Caesar's.We booked a room in the Forum Tower and decided to check-in at the Private Laurel Collection Valet.When we arrived,the nice lady was confused about us staying at a Casino Tower and privately Checking-in.We asked for an Octavius Tower Room.She had to call the Rooms Department,we thought we had to pay.Later,she decided to upgrade us at NO CHARGE!Then,we gave her a tip afterwards.The room is very nice.You have a Jacuzzi in the bathroom and a separate walk-in shower.The room is small,but it proved to be a luxurious room.I stayed at Palazzo the previous days,and this is better.The service (LAUREL COLLECTION) was great,the employees are super helpful and nice.The only minor con is that the drapes aren't automatic(I expect that is to a standard in newer hotels),but that is not a problem.-Rooms in the Octavius Tower are in the class of a Four Seasons or The Bellagio.Thank You Caesar's For Upgrading Our Room.Cannot Believe We Got Upgraded From The Second Worst Tower(Forum) To The Newest And Best Tower.CASINO TOWERS:Roman,Forum,PalacePRIVATE TOWERS:Augustus,Octavius
4	Octavius tower is beautiful! Room was huge. Bathroom had a jacuzzi, stand up shower, his and her sinks and a separate room for the toilet. The bed was nice and comfy, there was a couch, plenty of room for two people. Room was clean.Caesar's palace is huge, staff is friendly, Octavius tower is near the pool and buffet, a walk to the stores, but that's okay, we didn't mind. We preferred being closer to the pool. It was never an issue to get a lounge chair. Check in was easy, there is a separate place to check in and valet is free.Food poolside was pretty good, had a panini, wings and fries. Staff is helpful and valet service, just call ahead since there are ton of cars. Price wasn't bad at all. We would stay here again, but we would ask for a room with a view. We only got a view of the highway and Paris Hotel partially.We came 4th of July weekend and Caesar's was the only hotel to put on a fireworks show. It was great! I love the location too, middle of everything and it wasn't hard getting a cab.Qua spa is fabulous! I recommend it! We got massages and spent  a couple hours at the different treatments/pools. Well worth the money.
4	The Octavius tower has beautiful rooms. Love the comfortable beds. Very happy here.I have stayed in the MGM, Bellagio, Venetian, and the Palazzo and recently Ceasar's Palace. We had an awesome stay. I highly recommend Caesar's- but request a room in the newer Octavius Tower- we had a pool view. These rooms have the most comfortable beds which makes it hard to even get out of in the mornings. The room was clean, decent size with a sitting area and the bathrooms are large and spacious with deep soaking tubs. The pools at Caesar's are the best and the $17 mojito was perfect. Ok so they do nickel and dime you on the fees but that's not uncommon at these sprawling Vegas resorts. And yes we added the resort package onto our room for $28 for internet and for use of the fitness room which I used everyday during our stay. DO NOT TOUCH THE MINI BAR - EXPENSIVE!! There is a nice little sundries shop right by the lobby- buy your bottled water and snacks there to save money. The amenities - the pool, the fitness room, the Qua Spa, the location on the strip, and being close to the forum shops is why I loved staying at Caesars! I am a huge fan of getting the day pass to Qua Spa- it's normally $45 however they charged me $25 probably because I had the resort package added in my room cost. It was one of the highlights of my Vegas trip. I love the suite sized rooms at the Palazzo but I would definitely come back to Caesars and stay in the Octavius Tower again. We were very happy with the staff and the room.
5	Jacuzzi room in the Palace Tower was awesome! Close to the pool. Ground Level, past the elevators of the Palace Tower there's a blow dry bar that I never had the time to check out, but it looked convenient
1	My Fiancee and I visit Vegas 3-4 times a year. This time when we were coming to Vegas, our trip was going to be a family trip So we decided to pay a little more money and book two Palace Tower Deluxe King rooms. I explained to the lady on the phone that we were coming with family so we wanted our rooms close together and we wanted a pool view. She told us that would be no problem and she could accommodate us.     On Saturday July 27, 2013 at 1630 we arrived to Caesars Palace. When we first pulled in we were told Valet was full so we could drop off our bags, but would have to park at another location. When we pulled up to valet, my fiancee's mother told the valet that she was a players card holder. The valet said since we have the players card he could park us. When we arrived to check in, Salcala helped us. The first thing she told us was it was kind of early so she wasn't sure if there were any rooms cleaned for us. It was 1651 at this point, so I was very confused since check in time is 1500. I told Salcala that the lady I talked to on the phone told me our rooms would be close together, have a pool view, and be non smoking. Salcala said the closest she could get us was one room on the 24th floor and one room on the 25th floor, but since the rooms were so high up we would get a great view. Salcala also explained that since I was using a debit card she would have to charge a fee of $200 on each room for incidentals.  When I walked into our room (room #2541), the first thing I noticed was the strong smell of cigarette smoke. The next thing I noticed was our view. All we could see was a parking lot and a small section of the Mirage pool. Not only had the lady we booked with told us we would get a pool view, but Salcala told us we would have a great view. A view of a parking lot and part of another hotels pool isn't what I consider a great view. The next thing I noticed was a bottle cap and peanut shells on the floor.  When I sat down to call and complain about the cigarette smell, I smelled a very strong stench of urine by the phone. I called and complained and was told that they could bring in a machine that takes the smell of cigarette smoke out but we would have to leave the room for an hour. We had just arrived and the last thing we wanted to do was have to leave the room for an hour. The lady also told me she could have someone come in and use a spray that would help remove the smell. I told her that would be fine. I was very upset that we couldn't be accommodated any other way, so I called back. I talked to a different lady and she told me again that they could bring something in that would get rid of the cigarette smoke. I told her I had already been inconvenienced and would not be made to leave my room. I told her I expected to be switched rooms. She said there was nothing available to accommodate me. So after all this inconvenience of being on a different floor from my family, having been lied to about the great view we would get, the smell of cigarettes and urine, and the uncleanliness of our room, there was no way we could be accommodated. If it wasn't for my family staying, I would have gone to another hotel. Even with the staff spraying our room, it still smelled, very strongly, like cigarettes the entire weekend.     After lunch, we wanted to go to the front desk to get a copy of our bill. The gentleman, STFlores, explained to us that we would be receiving back $91.02 on my fiancee parents room (room# 2423) and $116.00 on our room (room# 2541). We explained to STFlores that we were told we would be receiving back $200 on each room. He explained that in my fiancee's parents room they ordered internet, and we did understand we had to pay for that, but we should be receiving back $200 on our room and $175.01 on the other room. STFlores explained that the resort fees come out of that $200, but we told him that Salcala did not explain that to us. He told us that Salcala was right over there and we could go talk to her. We requested that he have Salcala come to us. She came over to us and we explained the confusion. She said she felt she explained herself correctly because she, "always explains herself thoroughly to customers". She went on to tell us all resorts charge resort fees. We explained that we are not trying to dispute the resort fee's, but she did not explain herself in a way that was clear. When we checked in we asked Salcala three times if we would be receiving $200 back for each room as long as we didn't charge anything and she answered yes all three times. Salcala said she was sorry WE didn't understand HER and then stormed off. STFlores didn't ask us how our stay was or if we were satisfied and didn't offer to have us speak to a manager.
1	I've stayed here several times over the years and it seems like this place has fallen on hard times. On arriving to a room in the Augustus towers we were shocked to see that in room coffee was $12 and if you wanted to use the fridge it was $25. Motel 6 has better service than this. I used a debit yard and was told there would be a $200 fee per guest for incidentals and this was fine,  however it wasn't until we were at the bar with drinks in front of us that we found out that they don't allow you to charge to the room if you use a debit card, even though they hold $400.I went back and forth with  Calvin at guest services who was less than helpful and seemed to insinuate this was somehow my fault, while this is different than every other major hotel. In short, I have had better service in 3rd world countries, and even though I was here for the blackhat conference, I will never set foot on this property again. Anyone who raves about this place has no idea what constitutes good service
1	If you stay here, make sure your room is not facing the pool as they host parties down there occasionally and basically have no consideration for the hundreds and hundreds of guests who now can't sleep because the bass is so unbelievably loud.  Even with ear plugs in, the bass is so loud that I can't even think straight much less actually sleep.  For those of us here on business, this is just plain ridiculous and the hotel does not care when calls were placed to question it.  Parties are great in Vegas, but to basically say 'F you' to all the other guests who are paying good money to stay here is not good business practice.  I've been in Vegas many, many times and have never had such an experience.  Horrible customer service.  Stay away.
1	DONT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!It was my first trip to Vegas ...I had trouble experience First I made reservation through Hotels.com and requested 2 connected rooms since my mom on wheelchair .The receptionist was so rude and was yawning all the time. He checked me in and gave me the keys for my room and told me" sorry since you made reservation through third party we cannot honored your request and there is nothing we can do to help!!! Really!!I got room at the 10th floor and my mom at the 15th floor which been such a hassle for her.Got to the room and even though we claimed my son through our reservation there was no bed for him so I had to call to request a bed. After 15 min there was no bed ...my husband called again and after 30 no bed I have been told I can leave the room and when we are back the bed should be there.I got back to the room after 2 hours and still NO BED!!!At the check out  I have been asked if my visit was pleasant and I informed them that it was horrible all I got SORRY !This is our first visit to the hotel and Vegas and this will be the last visit to the hotel.My mom visiting from out the county and I really wanted to make her feel special .I hope this will help you to improve your service !!!
1	The Palace tower suites were a joke.  Bathroom had maintenance issues, exhaust fan not working, missing floor tile, etc ... front desk didn't seem to care.  And security didn't seem to do much about allowing children into gaming areas....Perhaps a phone call to the Gaming Commission is next. Don't waste your money at this run down casino.
3	My sister and I stayed at the Caesars during our most recent trip to Vegas. I want to give this place more than 3 stars. I really do. Maybe I've been spoiled by staying at The Venetian, Palazzo, and Encore in recent years. But Caesars was just ok and didn't have that wow factor. Service at check in was disappointing. We had an issue with our reservation as it had been done by an affiliate of Priceline. The worker seemed annoyed and was quite rude while she figured out the situation. In the end, we stayed in a standard 2-bed room on the 5th floor of the Palace Tower.Pros:- Centrally located on the Strip- Beautiful pool and awesome pool service- Forum shops are open quite late- Valet and luggage service is top notchCons:- Some of the chairs in our room had funky stains and some air vents looked dirty in the restroom. - TV in our room kept messing up.- Check-in service was disappointing.- Not too many good dining choices. Overall, the Caesars Palace was ok, but I don't think it was worth what my sister and I paid for.
1	Will not stay here again going back to staying at the Venetian! Better service and bigger suites! Caesars parking situation was rediculous charging people staying the night for parking because they can't handle the amount of people?? That's a joke, they also require a large deposit even after u already paid for the room which I have not seen at other Vegas hotels. Was looking forward to staying here but left dissapointed...
1	I travel to vegas roughly 4 times a years and I was excited to stay at Caesars for the first time. That excitement ended as soon as I got in the check in line. I arrived at 10am so I figured I might not be able to check in right away unless a room was ready. Lucky me there was a room ready but I had to pay $33.60 to check in early even though the room was clearly ready and just sitting. They I was told no free wifi and it was $25 a day to use the gym! Within the first hour I was ready to leave. Never again. Stay anywhere but Caesars!
2	I was here on business over the weekend and just had a mediocre experience. The block rate we got for the business was between $132 and $152 a night. + Attached to the Forum Shops+ Registration staff was friendly+ Bell man Federico helped us out a LOT+ Cool fountains and decor+ Comfy beds+ Free Parking (as most hotels in Vegas have)- Our first room smelled moldy/rank- Got moved, but to a smaller room- Reception/Front Desk takes a WHILE to pick up- Housekeeping forgot to clean our room one day- There was calcium buildup on one of the sinks- Found out they only vacuum their floors (wear slippers because they're never formally cleaned!)- There was a CD player in our room, but no ipod hookup (I know this is minor, but who brings CDs with them to a hotel in Vegas?!)- Bell hop services charge $20 for a full cart, or $5 per box/piece for the convention center (a little steep for someone who is staying there)Overall, I think this place needs a massive facelift considering all of their new competition around them. Not sure if I'd pay that much to stay here.
4	It's not Las Vegas unless you stop in for a hot minute (literally) at Caesar's Palace. This is what Vegas is all about - the sights, the sounds, the smell of old lady perfume wafting throughout the casino. Mix in some smoke, some booze and crying gamblers who've lost their plane tickets home and it's a complete vacation!Clearly, this is a more upscale place to stay and to gamble but does anyone come to Vegas to save money? No. The rooms are clean and there are a ton of them! Beware that you will now be charged a RESORT FEE on top of the normal room rate. Basically, it's another rip-off disguised as a fee but what can you do?What I really like about Caesar's is the antiquated feel of the whole place. Not that it's old and run down but that the statues and paintings and walls really came from antiquity. I love the Romanesque vibe and in Vegas who doesn't like a couple of naked people hanging around - even if they're made of marble?While staying here the check-in/out process was fairly efficient and the front desk staff was really nice. They have a bell desk to check bags and there are plenty of fine restaurants for your dining pleasure. I really like that they have a food court now which is right next to the entrance to the Forum Shops. It's a good option. I very quickly lost a lot of money on the roulette table so from there on out I had to stick to slots. There are a ton of fun games so just take some time and check it out. One of the best things about this place is how huge it is. There is almost no reason to leave at all. Shopping, food, gambling, bars, clubs, offtrack betting, rooms for sleeping or throwing up - who could ask for more? If nothing else everyone who visits Vegas has to walk in, do a lap and then decide from there what to do. So much fun!
5	My Home away from Home...When my husband and I come to vegas this is usally the place we stay at.  Amazing food, amazing suites, and great service.  Gotta love being a Diamond member as our Host takes great care of us and sets us up with a beautiful suite with a beautiful view....how can u not love it? Celine Dion also sings here...also recommend Absinthe show here!
3	Can't tell you about the hotel or food here.Shops are great at the Forums.Casino here leaves something to be desired. : /
4	If you can afford to, I recommend you stay at the Caesars; they've really got this whole Vegas luxury and no need to leave the property thing down. I was set up here for a few days while attending a trade show. All the staff are really helpful, nice all the time and know the ins and outs of the hotel. The property itself is ridiculous. HUGE, gorgeous and so comfy you don't want to leave. Sure you walk a mile every day if you go from end to end, but who cares. You can shop without going outside, eat varying cuisines at the buffet or at their other restaurants or you can people watch at the casino. Having stayed at other hotels on the strip I'd really like to be able to come back here again, but like I said, it's a matter of affording it. Caesars = serious dough!
2	Because Caesar's is one of the older hotels on the strip, your experience is really going to vary based on which tower you are put in. The first time I stayed here, I stayed in the Augustus Tower - amazing view, huge soaking tub, flat screen TV in the bathroom, and generally a lovely room that was pristine. However, my last visit to Vegas this past weekend has changed my opinion of Caesar's. What I thought was an upscale luxury casino and hotel quickly became a disappointing, lackluster hotel, with rooms that were comparable to a Motel6. I had 3 nights booked and once I checked in, I was thoroughly disappointed with the accommodations. The first night, I stayed in the Roman Tower. Clearly one of the oldest towers, if not THE oldest tower at the resort. I requested a high floor and a room close to the elevator. I was put in the room farthest from the elevator and on the fifth floor. I had the not-so-awesome view of the top of the vents of the casino. The ice machine on the fifth floor didn't work either.I called the front desk to explain that I wasn't exactly thrilled with the room. The first time I called, it seemed like I was disconnected randomly. I called again and was able to speak to someone after holding a couple of minutes. The front desk attendant said he heard that the lower floors were having issues with the ice machines and that he would send a bucket of ice to my room from room service free of charge. This didn't fix the problems of the moldy smelling hallways, torn curtains, and overall disgusting room. Because the hotel was booked for the night, they weren't able to move me to a different tower, but then I was told that I should try again the next day because there were going to be some openings.I ended up calling the front desk 5 different times - each time, the attendant told me something different. "I wasn't aware the ice machines weren't working." "There isn't any availability in other towers." "The only higher floors are smoking floors." "The whole tower is a non-smoking tower." "I can move you to a higher floor." "There's no availability on a higher floor." I even went to the Total Rewards counter to see if they would have more success because I was there as a VIP. The Total Rewards assistant really tried her best, but it seemed as if she was dealing with the same incompetent group of people on the phone - considering, she was placed on hold for a good 10 minutes. I eventually made my way to the front desk and spoke to someone - which was the best way to go. The attendant (I think her name was Tiffany) spoke to her manager and she was given the go-ahead to move me to another tower if there was availability. Amazingly, she was able to find a room in the Palace Tower and she efficiently made the changes to my reservation. The Palace Tower is MUCH nicer than the Roman Tower - not as shiny and new as the Augustus Tower, but still nice enough. The windows were on the dirty side and the furnishings were older - a couple of knobs were missing from the TV stand, etc. I probably wouldn't pick Caesars for an upcoming trip to Vegas again. If I do, I'll be sure to specifically request the Augustus tower because I'd rather never step foot into the Roman Tower again in its current state.
4	I attended a meeting at Caesars in May.  I had been to Caesars many, many times, but have never stayed at the hotel.  They put us up in the Octavius Tower...very nice!  Big rooms, comfy beds, nice bathrooms and great views!
1	ok when we got there they tried to sell us one of there more expensive towers an up grade of $40 more a night when we were already paying $109.00 a night .oh plus a resort fee of $28 a day for use of the pool internet and use of the gym, which we didn't even use. ok when we got upstairs the little closet which is usually separate and in the hallway was in the bathroom . ok when I went in and took a shower there was no skid backing or mat in the shower to stop you from falling "very scary" and dangerous. I called and told them they said they would try to do something.they sent up 4 bath towels you lay at the floor I called them again and said if I fall or my husband fell I would sue caesars palace then the guy that brought they towel finally brought a rubber mat I said that is what I was looking for .it took 3 calls to get that straight . also the toilet jammed 2 times while we were there and they failed to clean the room after we called them twice and didn't leave glasses they finally brought the glasses that they brought to another room thanks a lot ! finger prints and all . then they brought 4 more after I called. oh did I mention they put us in the room next to where they dump the laundry.oh we wanted to valet they were always full 90% of the time. I couldn't believe it. the room they gave us before along time ago was great .this was a horrible experience and we will never ever stay there again ! oh I failed to state their ice machine was broken the entire time we were there that was 8 days really at an averge of 100 degree of heat per day my guess you would need ice. I see others that have stayed in the "ROMAN TOWERS" had the same issue with the ice machine not working either.
1	Just awful. Terrible room. Beat up furniture. Dirty carpet.  Terrible room. Despite being a non smoking room it smelled of cigarettes.  Font desk gave incorrect check in and room change information.  I will never stay here again.
5	I've stayed at the Augustus tower and the room was huge. Very nicely decorated too. My diamond card got me in the member's lounge that had appetizers and TV's.
4	I've stayed a Caesar's a few times, and this last time I have to say they have really stepped it up.  Every time I'd see someone from the hotel staff, they'd take a second to ask how my day was going and see if there was anything I needed.  The place pretty much speaks for itself, so there's really no need to go on and on about the decor, but the pools (and the bar at the pool) is awesome and a perfect way to spend a day.  You'll probably want to stake out a chair early, since they tend to fill up pretty quick on the weekends.  All in all it was a great experience, and Caesar's is definitely my "go to" when I'm in Vegas.My only criticism would be that the Bloody Mary's at the bar/restaurant near the front desk are absolutely wretched, but I won't hold that against them... :)
1	Worst hotel room I have ever stayed in. The Roman tower is the ghetto tower. I wouldn't put my dog in this room.
2	Lack luster and some things need to change or be upgraded. I can honestly say I was surprised and disappointed and I am sorry to say it because I thought I was going to be blown away by one of the most famous hotels on the strip. Ive stayed in other parts of Vegas and around the United States and I can honestly say Cesars would not be my first choice. The room I felt was super plain and nothing came with the room, most hotels provide something and other amenities.  I just felt are room had none of that off the bat. They didn't seem to share that privy information either, even concierge wasn't helpful for one thing passes into their Pure night club. Pure nightclub was nice I liked the layout but I'm talking of my experience and stay at Cesars. They make it appear as if they don't want you to enjoy the the things they offer snacks and such are obviously hiked. The neat things  and stuff on a more positive note, over shower head, the fact its connected to some shops and food places that are really good. Kuerig is in your hotel room to make hot water or coffee (hotel sells 4 kcups for 12.00, grocery stores charge 12.00 for a box of 18!). We had to change rooms due to a situation and the room was not cleaned well it was obviously rushed and half done. They need to give the cleaning crew a tad bit more time, this is to be a home away from home, you don't want to have to wonder if something was done correctly.15.00 usd for wifi per each device and 25.00 per day for multi devices in your room only. Who does that?!  1.00 to 2.00 per minute for a LOCAL CALL IN VEGAS 702  NUMBER, really?! I have never in my life been charged for a local call in a city I'm visiting. Ive been to other hotels in Vegas and Ive not seen such a ludicrous thing. I used my cell the entire time unless I called a place in the hotel.No free tea or coffee, don't need anything fancy but it just seemed they were out to make you pay.I feel I wont be back to , any other past and great experiences at other Vegas hotels without feeling like I had to bend over and grab my ankles.
2	First time going to Vegas,  and I must say, I picked the WRONG HOTEL. I went for my 21st birthday this past weekend and I wish I had put more time in searching for better places to stay.Unpacking: I put my make up bag on the nightstand and it tipped over. My lipstick rolled and fell on the other side. When I bent down to look for it,  there was a birthday present waiting for me... A USED TAMPON!! OMG!! I didn't make a big deal about it because it was my birthday,  and I wasn't gonna let a damn thing ruin my weekend,  however,  I did mention it at checkout and the receptionist was expressionless.  He didn't do a damn thing about it.2nd: There is a $25/day service charge on top of the hotel cost for staying here.  WHAT SERVICE? My room wasn't even clean when I checked in. Coffee,  which is normally complementary at other hotels is $12. That's right. $12 for a cup of coffee you have to make yourself. Thirsty? Stay Thirsty. A bottle of water is $7. My friends stayed at the same hotel and they drank the waters and later replaced them with ones they bought from 7/11. SMART!The pool area was nice,  but you can't sit on their couches after a certain hour because they rent them out.Again, I don't know what the service charge is for if there is absolutely NO SERVICE.The only reason I'm giving this hotel 2 stars is because they gave me about 25 free alcoholic beverages.  That's right. I just turned 21 so I still look underage.  So I went down to the casino and acted like I was gambling. Every 15 minutes or so, a waitress came and asked me if I wanted anything to drink JUST TO CHECK MY ID! PATHETIC. But I got a kick out of it. I got shitfaced without spending a dime. Thank you. I'll make sure to stay at a different hotel,  but come here for free drinks next time (:
5	While I didn't stay at Caesars Palace this recent time, I have to give a shout out to my boy JR at the front desk! I kind of got the vibe like he was new, but he stayed relaxed and was a very nice guy. He recommended a few places to go to, and got me setup on a Total Rewards card that gave me a $10 credit for a free drink or gambling at their hotels. The other employees nearby also were very professional in helping their customers. When I stay here soon, I hope their customer service is still top notch as what it seems like.
4	This place was nice and It was clean.  I great place for your significant other to shop while you enjoy a fine cigar and a Mojito at Casa Fuente Cigars..  Because i am not much of a shopping fool I just sat around watching people go by..  Man it was interesting. . My next visit to vegas I a seriously considering staying here..  Classy and clean.  Two thumbs up for me.
1	This was my first time here.I was playing black jack at one of your tables and the dealer was rushing us.  I told her i wanted to split my two cards and she got mad.Also i didnt know the 3+ rule on the table and she got angry and tried to force me to do it the next hand.Same lady kept urging me not to hit on a hand and didnt speak much english and was very impatient.Im never playing black jack here again.  Or any cards.Very poor trained dealers.
4	I got a sunday night room for $109 and upgrade to augustus tower king on 38th floor. nice vew. no complaints about service, staff or anything really. Restaurants were expensive (Waffle $17, beers $10) don't be afraid to get out ons trip. There is a new buffet deal for $45 for 6 buffets for 24 hours, check it out if you like to walk around and eat and gamble.
4	After all these years, Caesar's Palace is still an awesome hotel/casino and a "Must Visit" for anyone taking a trip to Las Vegas. The entire hotel and casino is stunningly beautiful and the decor is just gorgeous. The hotel is also located near the middle of the Las Vegas Strip, which makes getting to other hotels/casinos very easy.The Forum Shops are a real treat. Walking through was essentially is an indoor mall,  they have the ceiling painted to look like the sky. Paired with replica of the Trevi fountain, you've given the impression that you're shopping outdoors in Rome during the late afternoon.At the far end of the Forum Shops, they have a large fountain that doubles as a fish aquarium. The statues in the fountain also come to life periodically throughout the day to provide guests with an awesome free show. (Note: at the time of this review, the Atlantis show has been closed due to remodeling/upgrading. It's scheduled to be back in October 2013)Besides the large casino and very nice shops & restaurants, Caeser's Palace also offers shows by big-name entertainers such as Celine Dion, Luis Miguel, and Elton John.The room rates are quite expensive from my experiences and it's the sole reason I have to knock-off one star from my Yelp rating.My advice... stay at a cheaper hotel on the Strip, but make sure you pay a visit to Caesar's Palace.
5	Just spent 3 days at Caesars in a comped room!  They offered to upgrade to a suite for $200/night but that kind of defeats the purpose of a comped room.  They did upgrade us to the 47th floor, what he called the VIP floor of the Augustine Tower.  (There is a 48th floor, but that's the penthouse.)   I did ask for a fridge which they delivered in less than an hour for no charge.Room was great.  Nice view of the north strip.  Bed and pillows were super comfortable!  Jacuzzi tub was nice after a long day.  Only thing that didn't work was the Ethernet cable for the internet so had to use wireless, which isn't bad, just noteworthy.My only issue is the parking garage is a good walk depending on which tower you're in.   I like to have my car ready to go on a whim so I'm not a fan of valet as it takes too long to be impulsive.  The other thing is it's SOOOOO big, it can be a bit overwhelming.  Still, it's beautiful inside.  The dealers I had were all super friendly and helpful with tips, and I even did OK on the slots which everyone said are super tight.  I will definitely stay again assuming I get a comped room as I'm too cheap to actually pay for a room in Vegas.  Would rather spend money gaming or going to shows.
2	As a kid I remember Caesars being grand, fancy and wonderful! I have always wanted to stay there and finally got the chance to do so last weekend for my 38th birthday. I am sad to report that the experience was no where near what I expected or where it should have been. When we arrived we were told the valet was full. I explained that we were staying at the hotel but the girl simply said sorry and walked away. My boyfriend asked another valet and he was kind enough to take our car after some whining and a few extra dollars in his hand. When we arrived at the desk to check-in we were utterly confused. No ropes, no signs, no lines, NO organization. There were 5 people behind the counter checking others in while a small group of ourselves and other guests stood there looking confused. I finally asked a gentlemen who was standing there in a suit, "Where do we check in?" He replied with, "Oh, you are checking in?" Uhhhh duh. He then tells us to make two lines for the 5 people- again, confusion. We stand there as several other people are helped that arrived after us. Finally, a woman waves us over. She begins helping us and then two girls walk up to her and she doesn't say anything but stops helping us and helps them. My boyfriend and I were extremely irritated. The woman behind the counter didn't apologize and had the nerved to tell us that she had to help them and that we walked over without her waving us up. She was EXTREMELY rude. The service we were provided was extremely poor and not what I expected for the price of the hotel. In addition, the pool was cracked, old and not clean. I was not impressed by Caesars at all and will not stay at this establishment again. There are other hotels that are nicer, better priced and provide the customer service I am looking for.
4	loved this hotel
1	If I could give negative stars, I would. The rooms were dirty and old. The customer service was like nothing I have ever encountered.I felt truly disrespected and didn't feel like I was cared for whatsoever. There are no jacuzzis. They charge awful resort fees and rooms are ridiculously overpriced.It was really not an enjoyable experience and I will NEVER stay here again.
5	Holy wowzaaaaaaaa! This place is unbelievable. I came here because they do in The Hangover...I didn't stay here I just played and lost money in the casino! Amazing!
5	We only came for the lunch buffet. Wow! Food was incredible and held us over for the rest of the night (I'm not kidding). Free mimosa's and a 2-hour seating limit (it was labor day weekend so it was very very crowded). A fair price for the quality/quantity of food.
5	They made up for it the second time around. First time I came I did not it at all so I complained and they comp me two more nights and the experience was just great. By far my favorite hotel on the strip. The best hotel the Total rewards owns. So much to do and eat
3	I used to always think Caesar's Palace was one of the nicer hotels on the strip until my recent visit. It was my first time staying at Caesar's and I expected it to be beautiful. It's not that the hotel wasn't nice, but there are so many nicer hotels on the strip for the same price. It was your basic room: shower, jacuzzi tub, 2 beds, flat screen TV and mini bar. The Caesar's casino area was also pretty outdated. Not to mention the setup of the casino felt too cramped. I feel more comfortable gambling at other casinos where it's more open. The only plus in my opinion is Caesar's is the location of many fine dining restaurants, shops, Serendipity 3 and the Bacchanal buffet. For those reasons I will definitely be back, but just to visit and not actually stay here. **I ate at the Gordon Ramsay restaurant at the Caesar's and I must say that I was thoroughly disappointed with everything from the food to the service. You can read my full review on the restaurants Yelp page.
4	I had always heard great things about Caesar's Palace, So me and my cousin decided to go for my Birthday in late June, Stayed there one night. The people in the front desk were really nice, and they ungraded us for Free! So thank you for that, Though it was EXTREMELY hot outside about 112 degrees, we decided to relax the whole day in the Hotel with the A/C on . We went walking around and found the indoor mall very great place with a great feel to it. The place just feels a little too cramped & I wish we had a fridge in our hotel room as well. Overall , Good Casino and Hotel to stay at, Love the robes too!
3	What was once the star of the strip is now overshadowed by its neighbors.  Still there is plenty to like about this place.  The restaurants have improved significantly over the past 2 years with the addition of the Bacchanal Buffet and Gordon Ramsey Pub.  However the casino is poorly laid out, the shopping is a mess, the forum shops are difficult to navigate and the rooms a disappointment for the money (nice rooms, too high a price).  Still this place has some great shows including Absinthe and is home to Serendipity III where people watching over desert is an art form!There is a lot to like here but a lot to improve as well.
5	JR at the players club was very nice. He helped us with all of our questions and recommended places for us to go while we were in town. This hotel is absolutely incredible. One its huge, two its gorgeous any employee we encountered was very kind. Some day we will stay here. We are working our way up to this place.They did however send us a birthday drink  for being a part of Total Rewards, you don't have to use it here but make sure you stop by one of the players club booths and get a list of the places that accept the credit because some of them don't.
4	I'm here for work (convention + training) and was expecting this place to look like Excalibur.  Lol.  We arrived, they booked our room next to the convention center with a view of the pools and statue of Caesar!  Hale Caesar lol.  Real awesome!  Love the entrance of the room, large room, king size bed, good size tv, large jacuzzi, desk, couch and just fancy :).  The maids cleaned daily even x2 a day!  Constructive criticism just to be nitpicky - the closet door has a crack, one of the blankets had a lil hole, the food in the room is pressure sensored so be careful if you nudge or they will charge you, they only allow 1 laptop or device to connect to the room or they charge $14 a day, when I first arrived there was a small drop of what seemed to be blood by the toilet floor, some towels lost their luster which should be thrown away and the food during the convention sucked except for the cream puff (I am very detailed oriented).  All in all this place was good.  :D
2	Venetion hotel is less confusing, more spacious, cheaper and better service
1	If there was an option for no stars at all I'd choose that one.  I used to think Caesars Palace was one of the best hotels to stay at in Vegas and I've always recommended anyone and everyone to stay there.  Obviously, I was wrong.  In a recent trip to Vegas for a work conference, I experienced the WORST customer service EVER - in general - c/o Caesars Palace.  I've gotten better treatment at the Holiday Inn.  It took over an hour for me to check in.  They didn't offer any apologies for losing the paperwork that was faxed and emailed to them and they made very little effort in trying to find it.  There was no "sorry for the inconvenience" or any attempts to remedy the situation.  It was such a waste of time.  Caesars is no longer one of the main hotels.  You're better off spending your money at Bellagio or Palazzo.  Good luck.
3	So we came here for a concert and the parking structure is tore up there are foot prints all along the upper walls and you would think with all the money Caesars Palace makes they can re paint the parking structure. I felt like I was at a old Vegas hotel in downtown Vegas . They need to address this issue ASAP and repaint and clean up around here it is not attractive. you would never see this at the Encore or Wynn Hotels
1	RUDE AND INCOMPETENT SECURITY + OUTDATED ROOM + POOR MANAGEMENTThis is a one-star coming from a person who couldn't care less when it comes to hotel rooms. I've stayed at the Motel 6 and was even fine with it, so to say that my experience at Motel 6 TRUMPS my experience at the Caesars Palace really means something.1. Outdated rooms. Step up your game, Caesars. Even Circus Circus has all their rooms fully renovated.2. All our room keys suddenly stopped working the second night even though we had the room checked out for three nights. What? We were extremely tired and all we wanted to do was come back for some rest, but were locked out and had to inconveniently go downstairs to be issued new keys.3. After working in customer service for more than seven years, I have a lot of empathy for the people who work behind the counter. I understand there are some bad days and some customers just ask for it, but what I got from the incompetent security guard was unacceptable and uncalled for. All I wanted to do was to pick up a binder that was left behind by my friend who had the room checked out to her. My friend spoke to the hotel manager about the situation prior to my arrival and he told her to let me know the procedure: Go to security - get housekeeping involved - get the binder.This security guard made my life so much harder by playing games, asking who specifically stayed in the room even when I gave him the name of who the room was checked out to, saying the room wasn't checked out to her even though it WAS, playing with the pronunciation of names, making me walk all the way to the front desk even though he knew the power was in his hands to just call housekeeping up for the item, making up "issues" even though the hotel manager clearly said THOSE WEREN'T ISSUES to begin with.Basically, this guy just wanted to come off as if he knew everything and made up his own procedures to kill his boredom. I ultimately got the item after more than an hour of dealing with his incompetence and his need to go on a power trip.4. No apology from the hotel manager even though he knew exactly what the dbag security guard was doing. To top it all off, this whole security fiasco made it a sour start to my birthday. I recommend this place to no one.
3	Stayed in a suite here and when we got up to the room I felt like I needed to get ready to redo a 70s porn! Exhausted laid on the bed and there was a huge mirror above the bed! The living room furniture was not very comfortable. Flipped a coin and both decided to share the bed, neither of us could do that to the other. Thankfully there is plenty of alcohol in Las Vegas and we drank enough to make the room comfortable for a plutonic friendship and even got comped porn rentals we made in search of the exact room that we swear was used for many in 1973! Location of the hotel is great and the shopping is awesome but the rooms are not up par!
5	Awesome hotel, awesome casino, staff was nice, buffet was unreal, beautiful property.
1	The bar by the nude ladies statue had awful customer service. I was dressed very nicely and was treated incredibly rude by the staff there. The bartender asked me what he could get for me and I asked for a bud light. He proceeded to actually scoff at me then didn't even acknowledge me after that!! He easily could have said oh we don't carry that (which I saw a man drinking a bud light at said bar) or would you like me to recommend another choice? But he did not.  Instead he turned away and apparently didn't want my money or business. Unfortunately I will never recommend this hotel to anyone I know because of this little experience.
4	This Place from the Rooms to the Food to The staff to the Environment to the PoolIs Awesome Specially the Buffet ,I love it :-))))
1	I wrote Caesar's customer service about my terrible experience and referenced this review. Amazingly 4 useful votes disappeared that very day. Wonder how much they pay for that kind of service?
4	Caesars is one of my long time favourite casinos. The rooms are super clean and very spacious, unlike other major casinos in the area, the water pressure in the shower was awesome. The bacchanal buffet is awesome. I had plenty of fun at the blackjack tables and slot machines. The poker room is not that great, it never was at Caesars. The casino floor can get a little smokey during peak hours on the weekends. I very much enjoyed my gaming experience and stay at Caesars.
4	This is a very long overdue review.  I stayed here for three days this summer with my husband and kids.  We stayed here because we wanted to eat at Mesa Grill in the evening and wanted to be in the same hotel as the kids (yes, we're mean, we didn't take them to Mesa Grill with us.)There was plenty of good and a little bad, but the short version is, it's not the greatest hotel for kids.  There's a time to spend a lot of money and a time not to, but frankly, kids don't have the most sophisticated taste and don't appreciate the finer things so much.  If I am going to spend $17 on a burger/fries/drink in the food court, it better either know how to style my hair or give me a big O.  But really, they're just standard fare for double the money.  But, you're kind of captive because if you take your car out of the valet, there might not be a place for it when you get back.  (True story.  We had to self-park the night before we left because the valets were all full.  This made checkout a NIGHTMARE because it is a LONG way to the self-park with several suitcases, laptops etc.)I loved the room.  We were in the Octavius tower.  This is the newest one I think, and it's highly renovated.  The beds were super comfy.  They have a ginormous spa tub in the bathroom that takes 30 minutes to fill.  My advice; don't get in until it's close full, or you'll get bored before you can put the jets on.  Try not to feel too guilty for using SO MUCH WATER in the desert.  (I failed.  I felt guilty so only did it once and stayed in there long after I was bored so as to get good use out of it.)The pools are gorgeous.  I wish there was more shade near the pools, but the lounge chairs are comfy.  Drinks by the pool (like the food court) are crazy expensive.  One small pina colada:  $18.  HOLY CRAP.  I'm glad I didn't order the large.  I only brought a $20 down from the room with me.  I am such a poor plebian, not worthy of the Palace!  If it hadn't been so hot, I wouldn't have left the poolside except to eat, sleep, poop.Aside from the not-so-exciting-and-way-too-expensive food court, there are lots of good dining options if you can afford them.  Mesa Grill is awesome as always (though now that we've found a local-to-us place with amazing lamb chops for 1/2 the price of Bobby's, not QUITE as awesome).  We really enjoyed the Gordon Ramsey grill as well (though somehow the waiter there managed to convince my husband to try a $25 bottle of BEER.  It was good, not $25 good.)   We had a pretty nice meal at the casual Chinese food place in there.  We never made it to the buffet because the lines were always crazy (and again, the prices so high we couldn't justify bringing kids with us when they'd be just as happy eating McD's.)  I do not like that you only get ONE internet connection in the room.  My husband, the kids, and I are all geeks.  We had to pass the laptop around.  That is seriously lame.  Check-in was horrible.  I stood in line for about an hour.  Apparently a few hours before arrival an email came to my box inviting me to check in online, but, Muppet News Flash -- I was travelling at the time and didn't see it til later.  If it had come the night before I'd have been able to do it from my previous hotel.  I'm giving them a 4 star overall because my biggest complaints are price related.  If you can get past the prices, it's a great hotel to stay at overall.  If it had just been me and my hubby I probably wouldn't have balked so much.  If you're budget conscious, even with "I'm on vacation" face on and expecting to spend a good deal of money, you'll spend too much time thinking about how much things are costing you.   Don't bring your kids.  I'd be willing to stay here again with just my hubby, but I am not sure I will.  I'm tempted to stay at Paris so I can eat breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi every day without having to walk, and it's probably a bit cheaper overall.
3	Husband had a work conference at Caesar's, so that's how we ended up staying at this hotel. The package included a Palace Tower room (at $200/night). Knowing how much it costs probably (does) factor into my rating of the room. I attempted to get an upgrade at check-in, but for $50 extra a night, no thanks. Also, no non-smoking king rooms available, so husband and I got to squeeze into a double bed together, how fun! Haven't done that since college. Upon entering the room, husband immediately said, "This is probably the worst room I've stayed in in a long time," if that tells you anything. It's not necessarily that the room was BAD, it wasn't, it was just dated. And for $200 a night, it's ridiculous, compared to the deals I can find in Vegas for that kind of dough. The television (maybe 22"..wtf) didn't work when we arrived, but a quick call to guest services and the tv was functioning again. Damn, I wanted a better room.I was hoping for two queen beds since we were forced out of a king, but nope. Double beds it is. The room has two bathrooms essentially, connected by the shower. I thought it was cool at first. Then I realized how convenient it would have been to have double sinks next to each other. You see, we only brought one tube of toothpaste and face wash. I had to retrieve it from the other sink every time I need it. There's also a bidet in one of the bathrooms. I wonder who uses them? We had a half view of the pool and that was about it. Pretty disappointing. Overall, just not super impressive. I'm sure if we had been able to stay in one of the updated towers things would have been different. I wouldn't stay here on my own dime, that's for sure. I will say having the forum shops so close is convenient. I can appreciate having Sephora right downstairs, as well as a plethora of restaurants and other shops.
5	Yeah maybe its because i gamble here a lot and thats why they treat me like royalty here but caesars palace is probably gonna be the only hotel i stay at in vegas forever  unless i lose a shit load than thats just my luck telling me to move to another casino!! I want to thank all the pit bosses, dealers and my host for all the request and comps you have given to my drunk ass but i appreciate that no matter how drunk and obnoxious me and some of my friends have gotten you still take care of me and treat me well and i am forever grateful thanks!
5	We stayed here to celebrate my birthday as well as one of our friends.Upon check in, the lady was very nice and quickly noticed we had two birthday girls in the party when she looked at our IDs. She was able to find us two rooms on the same floor like we had asked and was very kind.Our room was very clean, modern and a good size. The cleaning staff was very nice. One morning we had left, eaten breakfast, return back to the room because my boyfriend forgot something and housekeeping had already finished with our room. Everything looked great. She was even kind enough to ask us how our day was and if everything was good in the room. Everyone we ran into here just seemed so nice it was a very enjoyable stay.
4	I got a free 3 night stay. Free upgrade room. Nice room. Great housekeeping. The hotel and casino was clean and nice. By far the best hotel i stayed at in vegas. I tend to go for cheaper hotels as i am barely in my room. Since it was free, i was very impressed regardless. The staff all around was very professional and friendly. Will look into staying again.
1	My room had hair from the previous occupant all over the bed.  My keys to the room had to be reprogrammed 3 times ( each time waiting in the checkin line for 15 mins). The facility is run down broken and wanting a coat of paint. Everything was extra even to print your boarding pass. If zero stars were possible that would have been my choice. This was my first and last visit to Ceasar's palace. Ceasar's should consider the wrecking ball as so many other hotels have done in Vegas.
4	I really like the inside of Caesar's, I think they have some of the more unusual decorations, The gambling is alright, but tables tend to have high minimums. The hotel was really nice though, they were nice enough to upgrade me to a huge suite with a separate sitting room. The housekeepers were also unusually friendly. Minus one star for wifi not working entire stay.
4	I have been coming here off and on for over thirty years.  i have seen the old girl as broken down casino and now an upscale casino.  So my review is my trip here and maybe a few things in memory lane.   The casino, itself, is a good place to gamble.  Plenty of action if you are seeking it.  I have won and lost here.  The rooms are pretty nice, especially when you upgrade them.  I like that the bathroom and the toilet is separate room.  The toilet is actually a water closet, hahaha.  I had an upgrade and it had an amazing water jets tube, and you can actually stay in your room to relax and let the bubbles take your worries away.  The bed was super comfortable.  Tv was already.Food is a hit or miss, so do your research.  I say do Spagos, and not Serendipity.  If you got money burning if your pockets from all the winnings.  You can hit the stores.  There is still couple of good ships in there.  A couple of years ago, it was the place to shop, but now there are better places like City Center, or the shops at  the Venetians.  it is up to you.  Still great experiences here.Also if you have time.  You should hit up the swimming area.  Great place to hang and catch a few laps or just read a book.  It is a nice Roman inspired watering hole filled with statues.Also i recommend you valet your car for a buck or two.  it will save you from the heat for a little while.
2	Needlessly complicated to navigate. I know most Casinos make it that way on purpose, but Caesar's seems to have added the needless extra step of making walk ways narrow and cramped, as well as making it hard to get off of property anyway but to get in the long line for taxis. I also noticed that a lot of things were broken. Lights burned out, broken slots, windows crash messages on information screens, and long lines at the Cage. The table games are mostly all down in one giant pit which makes it feel more circus than Roman. One noticeable aspect of Caesars' Entertainment properties is that they rotate where the money goes for their pet projects (namely the Quad at the moment, which while Imperial Palace *should* have been torn down a long time ago. Not sure if that one can be saved) and upkeep either suffers badly as a result, or remains sometimes inconsistent.
4	This is our first stay at Caesar Palace for a work conference! Despite of other bad reviews and to our surprise, we really like the place. We stayed at the Octavius tower which is one of the new tower, part of the Laurel collections. We got the room for $265 pulse tax and resort fee per night for the conference rate.For the Octavius and Augustus towers, they have different check-in area... So you can skip all the lines at the main check-in area. These two towers are pretty closed to the pool area. The room is beautiful and large with sitting area, large bathroom with standing shower, a large jacuzzi bath tub, double sink vanity, and a small wall TV. Wifi is included for one device and $20 per day for second device.For the Octavius tower, the odd number rooms have pool view and even number have strip view. The bed is huge and comfortable! Everything is quite expensive... But so is the rest of Las Vegas strip resorts.A small water bottle for $5, Keurig coffee package for $12... You get the picture...The resort has beautiful pool area with many pools and seating area. The pool opens between 9am to 6pm during fall and winter time. The pools are heated... So it is quite nice! The pool lounging bed costs $250 per day and big lounge chair is between $50 to $25 per day (depends on the day and time!) or you can use the regular chair for free charge!The forum shops are great for a fashionista... from reasonable shops (Banana republic, Gap, H&M, etc.) to the high-end stores like Dior, Coach, LV, etc. There are plenty of restaurants in this place (Bobby Flay's Mesa Grills, Nobu, Gordon Ramsay pub and grills, Michel Richard's Central, etc.) The Central is opened 24 hours... There is a food court with reasonable prices. For coffee and sweet, you can get from Payards or Starbucks!This place is huge... You will need a comfortable shoe to explore this place!After staying at the Mandalay, Bellagio's and Cosmopolitan, we probably would stay here again!
4	This pricey hotel (compared to other hotels in Las Vegas) is almost in the middle of the strip. There are tons of places to eat and drink inside the hotel. If you love to shop, there are shops within the vicinity too. I stayed here for business for a week and my entire week was pleasant. The convention staff was helpful including the business center. Gordon Ramsay restaurant is awesome. Rather cheap - about $ 100 or so for two people. The Central by Michel Richard will cost you about $ 30 for an oily meal - good after 12 bottles of beer. My blood was filled with alcohol and needed comfort food - they sat me right away! Think of it as Food 911 or Post-alcohol 911. The room? Decent. I've been to better hotels like Mandalay Bay. Nice features: - Electronic curtain because walking four steps is way too difficult- Big desk so I was able to spread out my clothes and 3 laptops (that's why they hate me at security)- Bathroom has nice amenities just like most hotels on the Strip- LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION - keep your wallet handy, you'll spend money in drinks, food and shopping. Guaranteed. Tip: - Be friendly to concierge, they'll make your life easier- Tip your bell captain well- It's very noisy, bring ear plugsWill come back because I like the location!
3	Get to the pool early, the good chairs fill up fastcesars was ... what I expected, but not moredon't think i'll stay again with so many choices
4	Great shopsHuge casinoAmazing decorAnd free $5 when you sign up for the players club
3	Great location, but overpriced given what you receive for your money and what's available nearby. I spent a lot of money for a room, and the room was large, but nothing especially impressive. Plus, my room was dark and not well lit. The hotel itself is crowded, noisy, and difficult to navigate. You tend to get lost walking long distances through noisy casino floors to get to your room. At luxury prices, it doesn't provide a luxury experience. The staff is helpful and friendly, but they are overworked-- when I asked if the bell desk could bring down my luggage from my room,I was told it would take 20 minutes for them to get to my room. That's not the kind of service I expected. The buffet is worth experiencing, but other than Nobu, the other restaurants are nothing special.The ambiance at some other well-known hotels on the Strip is much nicer and when you realize that their rooms can be had for half the price, you wonder why anyone bothers with the tacky chaos of Caesars Palace.
2	What I have experienced since I checked in 4 hours ago is worth reporting in order to warn others. I had requested a non-smoking room when I made the reservation and asked again for a non-smoking room when I checked in at the registration desk. I was handed the keys, walked to my room, opened the door, and knew immediately that there had been heavy smoking for quite some time in the room. It was rancid with smoke. I called immediately to ask to be moved to a non-smoking room and was told that I was IN a non-smoking room! When I insisted that this clearly was not the case. the front desk then stated that I was in a "smoking optional" room, meaning that when the hotel runs out of smoking rooms, they place smokers there. They don't admit that the hotel tries to tell guests that these are non-smoking rooms when they are not. Do they think that we are idiots? That we can't smell smoke? That insulting out intelligence is a good strategy? The front desk said that they would send up someone with keys to a new "smoking optional" room immediately in the hope that it would be at least less rancid. 1/2 hour later, no one had appeared, so I had to call a second time. This time, I was told that I would be moved to a true non-smoking room, but again, no one appeared for 1/2 hour, so I called a third time. Within 15 minutes, I was finally moved to a non-smoking room. The room was fine. The TV was not....it didn't work. By this time, since I had arrived at the hotel at 8pm and then had to wait 1 1/4 hours to get into a true non-smoking room, I called for room service for dinner instead of going out. The person who delivered the food called the hotel engineer for me to get the TV fixed. At least, the room server tried to do so but ended up waiting on the phone for almost 15 minutes, merely waiting for someone in engineering to pick up the phone. It was at this point the server mentioned to me that Caesar's Palace had just been awarded four stars and that this should not be happening in a four star hotel. I agree. Someone made a mistake. This does not perform like a four star hotel.
5	Awesome hotel, great service, free upgrade, great view  etc....stayed in the Augustus Tower... room #3476 had an amazing view of the strip and bellagio fountians... will stay here again.
4	Hotel is enormous. Easy to get lost. On a non smoking floor I could smell smoke. One disappointment, room service fresh squeezed orange juice was canned
5	I am not sure why anyone would stay anywhere else. It is spendy, but we were treated like royalty and upgraded immediately.There are upcharges for everything. But we were three pretty ladies, on a girls weekend in Vegas, so everywhere we went we were offered free entrance to clubs and guys pay for everything. It hit a point where it was a joke. I proved a point to one of my friends when we were at a bar and I leaned over to a guy and asked him to grab our tab - he said, "yeah, no problem". It was that way for us the entire weekend.For cab fare and other incidentals I was barely out of pocket a hundred dollars the entire weekend.Caesars has everything you need, there was no reason to go off site. We had a blast!
2	We arrived around one p.m. to check in and were informed that unless we paid $30 that we would have to wait until 3 p.m. for a room, no exceptions, corporate decision!  We went to the restaurant near the lobby to have lunch and think it over, the chopped salad was pitiful.  The meat in this salad is Salami, I asked that they substitute that processed junk for chicken.  The $16 salad was as unimaginative as you can get.  Of course they don't serve any rolls at lunch, another way to short change the guest.  We phoned another hotel and decided to go elsewhere.  They didn't get an additional $30 and they didn't get our business either.  Wouldn't you think that they would just add the $30 to the room charge, rather than piss people off this way?
2	This was our second and last time staying with CP. Our first stay in 2012 was in the Octavius Tower and generally positive. In hindsight, it was only good because we were lucky we didn't have a need to experience customer service.To go through the positives first:+attached to Forum Shops+good dining choices plus the Bacchanal Buffet+plenty of free, secure self parking+the majority of the newer towers have marble baths and jetted tubs+location on the StripNow to the unacceptable:-HORRID customer service!We made reservations for the Palace Tower this time--still a relatively newer tower. Our check in representative made sure we were comfortable by putting us on the lowest floor next to a service closet. In addition, the top layer of the mattress in this room was tearing, exposing the coils. It should be noted, the beds are better at Excalibur.Now onto the (lack of) customer service....We were awakened one morning at 6 am to the sound of hammering and drilling. The hammering was so loud and persistent that we initially thought one of our neighbors was pounding on the wall. We called the front desk and the lady we spoke with told us she would send someone to investigate. 30 min later the sound was still occurring and we had no follow up from the front desk. We called back and were told that they were "looking into it." Sound continued and no follow up all day. The sounds returned at 7 pm. We called the front desk again and demanded to know what was going on and how long it would last. The guy we spoke to said that repairs were taking place and that there was nothing they could do. No follow up, ETA, apology, or offer to change rooms extended by any staff. CP makes it pretty clear that they just don't give a *%#&$* about guests. For 5 star service, look to Wynn, Bellagio, or Cosmopolitan instead.
3	I really wish you could give half stars because I would rate this a solid 3.5. It's definitely not a full 4 but it's better than a 3. Stayed there this past weekend booked through the Hotel Tonight app. Got a basic room in the old Forum tower. The room was nice, bigger than expected, the bed was amazing!!! But like other reviewers have stated the room was poorly lit. The bathroom was very nice/pretty. Had two shower heads, a regular one and a rainfall like one. The main reason I'm giving a review on the low side was because of our check in experience. Hotel Tonight stated that check in was at 4, we tried to check in at 3 and we're told the room wasn't ready yet. Was told to hang around the casino & they would call my cell at 4 when the room was ready. It got to be 4:30 & I had not gotten a call. So went to the front desk & was told that because I asked for a nonsmoking room it would be a little while longer....I never asked for that. When I explained that to the front desk employee (the same guy who told us the room wasn't ready in the 1st place) he said oh that's right & asked us if we had picked up the keys. What?! We don't have a room how are we supposed to have keys??Maybe he had been having a bad day or was on a bad trip or something but he was utterly confused & had no idea what was going on. My bf demanded that we speak to a different employee & that lady said our room had been ready all along. WTF! She didn't offer any apologies for the inconvenience and kind of made it seem like the situation was our fault. At that point I didn't even want to stay there anymore but once we got the room it was nice. Loved that the forum shops are attached and the pretty expansive casino. You won't have a problem finding a machine you like that's for sure. I just really didn't like the customer service, for being an upscale fancy expensive place that checkin in was totally unacceptable.
4	It is hot in here! The gambling at Caesar is the bomb. Wonderful restaurants. It is thanksgiving and the buffet is packed. The slits are not loose but a lot of fun. Beautiful resort.
4	My stepmom got us a free room in the Octavius Tower for two nights. We had a friend with us so we got a room with two queen beds.The room was very nice! The beds were super comfy, loved all the bedding and the pillows, which is rare for me. The bathroom was a nice size and had plenty of counter space. The tub looked awesome, but I didn't have a chance to enjoy it. The view we had was of the mountains and if you looked the other way, we could see the back of the Bellagio water show. Caesar's is a nice hotel with many restaurants and a huge casino. I enjoyed staying here, but my only gripe is the Octavius Tower is so far from everything! There is no quick trip up to the room, it feels like you walk a mile to get there. Every time we went back to the room for something we ended up just staying there for awhile. On one hand it's nice because it is a quiet walk and it seems very private since you are so far away from the hustle and bustle of the casino, but on the other hand, sometimes you just want to be close to everything.
4	Just like the old ruins and monuments in Rome, this place has withstood the test of time and is a Vegas institution.  Since Caesar's was built, there have been many other casinos that have opened and closed in that same time frame....but this place stays relevant and in the top tier of the Vegas hotels.When we're back in Vegas, we'll drop by Pure at least one night on a weekend.  It's a fun nightclub.The shopping and food options have remained top notch through the years.  We'll keep coming back.Return Factor - 90%
5	I was just here for business... At a convention and I was "working" as an exhibitor. So basically I was on the expo floor talking to customers for hours... and then I would go back to my room... collapse and then roust myself and go back and do it again...So I wanted food, a bed, that nice big tub with the jet, peace and quiet and whatever service I required... given quietly, with cheer and yet not too much and you know what?That's the difference between a slightly "old school" hotel like Caesar's and a maybe hipper newer place like the Cosmo...  My room was great for my business trip.If I had brought someone with me - I might have been disappointed because it was a mix of really great and then slightly cut corners here and there... so yes, I'd have been not happy with having been trying to "impress a girl" with it...however... it's where i'd bring my Wife... Because Caesar's is 5 star service all the way.  If you know what that is... REALLY know what that is... then you know what I mean.  Unobtrusive... cheerful, quietly giving you what you want, when you didn't even know it's what you wanted.For example. Room service... they offer to come back and clear the dishes an hour later. And they do.  That little added effort where they don't make you call them to come get the plates...  of course you want them cleared... that's the difference.yea... the suite at TheHotel was more Impressive or the Balcony or Japanese Soaking Tub View of the Belaggio Fountain I had at the Cosmo last time... yes that is what I would bring someone who I was courting (yea, I was on another business trip and alone... ha.) but they made me call them to get my dishes and i Had to wait for them like two hours... and I ended up putting them outside the door so I could crash. So they forced ME to act trashy... ;)I was surprised. I'd actually never stayed at Ceasars although I have dined and visited and enjoyed the casino... Oh... and the bed was awesome. Slept like the dead.
5	Wow...great service all weekend. The room was excellent, nice view of the pool. We gave stayed at several Vegas resorts and Ceasers is on the top of my list.
1	It is my first time to Vegas and after a 48 hours flight from Indonesia you dont expect to be treated like shit by the black woman at the front desk. She really made our trip in pieces. She is so racist and her attitude towards us was beyond belief. Please somebody fire her. Thank you.
4	Outrageous room rates but beautiful rooms and views. I actually got married here and the gardens were gorgeous. Setting was beautiful for pictures. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. My bouquet was pretty but you could tell they had been sitting out too long because some of the edges had browned. I provided my own  music so i cannot weigh in on the musicians provided but the wedding event staff was very helpful.
5	Gorgeous, immaculate huge casino and so much to explore and see. They did an amazing job with l of the details and an amazing shopping area!
3	Great hotel experience but not so great customer service.We stayed at the palace tower which was Amazing, but here were some downsides:-TV was broken and when called to be fixed nobody came.-there was no hot water coming to any of the showers
2	I recently stayed at Cesar's Palace for a three night weekend visit to Vegas.  I have to say that I was very disappointed.  I made the reservation FOUR MONTHS ahead of time, but yet when I checked in I was told that they did not have any rooms available for what I had reserved.  I reserved a two bed, non-smoking suite for my friend and I, but they only had smoking rooms available with two beds which I told her I would not stay in a smoking room.  So, she was able to find a suite with one King sized bed, non smoking.  Fine.  No big deal.  However, I was billed for the more expensive two-bed suite!?  I have been calling them daily since my departure and have yet to get an answer as to why I was charged more for a room that they screwed up and did not hold for me based on my reservation.  I'm still in the process of trying to get a refund for the difference and it's been five days and I've spoken to over 10 different people?!Also, the entire hotel WREAKS of smoke!  Horrible!  From the second you walk in, it hits you in the face.  The room I had was a "non-smoking" room but everything in the room smelled like cigarettes.  My clothes smelled like smoke.  When I got home, I had to scrub my suitcase b/c it smelled like smoke.  Horrible!   Did you also know that they allow pets at the hotel?  Neither did I.  There were people walking around with dogs quite regularly.  I love dogs, but I don't like the puddles and piles that they leave in the hallway?!  We stopped counting at six urine puddles in the hallway, but we saw several more.  The casino was just another casino.  All the bells and whistles.  Anything unique or different?  No.  I was very disappointed with Cesar's Palace.  Based on their reputation, I was expecting a clean room with a professional staff but sadly, I had neither.
4	We did not stay here but we walked through and ate at Cheesecake factory and later went to Pure nightclub.  This hotel is soooo beautiful and clean, and was all decorated for the Holidays was a pleasure to walk through.  We were able to sit 'outside' at Cheesecake factory and it was the best people watching spots ever!! And we had an awesome view of the huge fish tank and live show.  Super awesome!!! Cant wait to go back and explore some more.
3	This was my first time staying here. We got a room at the Octavius Tower. Initial impression was that the rooms were a bit larger than other hotel rooms that we've stayed at in Las Vegas. The rooms had a nice decor and were very comfortable. The bathrooms were huge and had a shower and jet tub bath tub. The walls however are very thin and you can hear everything your neighbors are doing. We had a kid running back and forth in the early morning hours and what seemed like all day. We had an adjoining room and we could hear our neighbors talking, their kids screaming and their toilet seat flipping up and down. On the other side of us, we could hear our neighbors TV on all night even though our TV was on too. May as well have no walls at all. The Octavius Tower is far from the casino. It's a good 5 to 10 minute walk. The upside is that there's no cigarette smoke around and the non smoking rooms don't wreak like casino. The worst is that it's a good 15 minute walk from your room to the self parking lot. If you left something in the car just leave it. It's at least a 30 minute round trip walk to go get it. We saw the Shania Twain show. Overall a good, entertaining show. The theatre is nice but the production was a little cheesy. Shania was good though. Food options are nice. Great BBQ at the food court and the French onion soup at the Central restaurant was good. This is a 24 hour restaurant. We attempted to have lunch at Serendipity III but had to leave. They had the heat blasting inside so we asked to sit outside but was told they aren't seating outside. It was a chilly day and they have warmers in the outside seating so I don't understand. Inside was crowded and really hot/uncomfortable. We left and ate at the food court. I doubt I will stay here again. It's way too pricey for what it is. For a 5 star hotel, I had high expectations. It was just okay for me. The rooms and accommodations are probably some of the best in Vegas but considering the thin walls with noisy neighbors, I'll be looking elsewhere for a good night sleep. Glad I experienced it. Now time to move on.
2	Surprisingly ordinary.I stayed in the Roman Tower, since the conference I was attending was at Caesars. I was actually pretty excited about staying here, since it's still the original megaresort and has a great 5-star reputation.I was disappointed with the room overall. My room (585) was pretty large, but oddly triangular. There was no desk to do work. WiFi was an extra charge, so the lack of a desk really mattered. There was a wired connection behind the TV, but I would have had to sit on the floor to do work...There was a separate tub and shower in the bathroom, which was long and narrow like a train car. Oddly, there was no shelf/ledge in the shower and the shampoo/conditioner kept falling off the soap dish. The towels themselves seemed worn and over bleached.  And does Caesars not have robes for the guests?? Maybe my room just didn't have them; In a 5-star hotel, a robe would be nice. I am absolutely NOT a stickler about luxury details.  Normally, as long as the room is clean and the shower works, I'm happy. But in this case, a 3-day midweek stay will run my bosses about $600. In the middle of December, most hotels on the strip are half that...
1	This was my first time staying at Caesars, I found a good rate on online so I thought I would try it out. I think the Hotel is fine, but the Roman tower must be the oldest tower. NEEED UPDATING. I use to staying at VDARA or COSMO and it is not up to that quality. I have to say the 2 things that drive me nuts about LAS VEGAS is the resort fee. You really get nothing for it. It may as well be called extra profit fee. The other thing that made me mad while checking is was the desk staff telling me that my room is ready but you can't check in until 4pm unless you pay an extra $30 dollars. WOW, I was shocked, it was 130pm, the hotel was NOT busy, and they tell me this? I decided at that point that I will never stay here again. I thought that was BS. This is just another way to add on to the EXTRA profit charges. BEWARE of these extra profit fees. Its not that great of a place.
5	We have many good and fun memories when we hung out here for our first trip to Vegas.  We had a successful blackjack run, slot run and drinking run.  I also broke my heel as I was walking across the casino.  I didnt care!  Maybe it was the aaaaa alcohol.  I hoped for a flip flop place or something so I asked the waitress where the nearest place was.  Luckily, there was a 24 hr shop in the lobby.  I bought some Dr. Scholls slippers and hung out all night..ladies...buy those in advance and bring them on a night out...they saved my feet!  The property was gorgeous by the way.   We saw many places where the Hangover was taped.
4	Caesars is my favorite hotel in Vegas.  Absinthe is a great show albeit a little weird.  I like this casino because it has a great location and is attached to a mall for shopping.  The rooms are large and most have a separate shower and tub.  All and all Caesars is a winner (maybe I like it so much because I won :/ )
2	I just don't like this place.Caesars in Atlantic City is nice, so I thought, since this one is in Vegas it would be nicer.  From the outside, it looks nice, iconic and gives you an aura worthy of a Vegas casino.  Then you got one of the nicest shopping centers in Vegas, a can't miss, the Caesar's Forum.  But after entering the casino, I thought there was nothing extraordinary about it.  It is large, but the slots are dated.  The table games are expensive with rude dealers. The rooms are standard hotel rooms not worthy of a Vegas moment.  I was surprised.  They want to pretend that they are one of elite casino, but it really isn't.  Great mid-strip location, but the way they build the casino, it is a far far walk from the nearest casinos.  It is ironic, but it's kind of isolated in the middle of the strip.  No great restaurants, just your standard chain places.  I come to Vegas a lot.  I rarely come back here due to the fact they are boring.  Two stars because they look good from the outside and are attached to a great shopping complex.  That's it.
5	Overall excellent. Valet parking was super fast. Rooms were clean. View was great. We stayed at Octavius tower. Gambling area was fun and alive. Restaurants at the palace was great. Super nice shopping mall.
1	4 hour plus wait for table of 6 at buffet - what a mistake - don't bother - so many other options!  Would give 0 stars but can't !
5	Five stars for amazing service, gorgeous room and the money I got and won here (: Our room was huge on the 45th floor. Nice sitting area, table and chairs, kind bed and entertainment area. Huge floor to ceiling windows acted as the most perfect end cap. Clean and modern just the way great hotel rooms are. The huge marble bathroom and jacuzzi tub were fabulous. So comfortable, soft towels, great robes. Everyone who we interacted with from the housekeeping to the casino staff were fun and nice. (: it was a fun night
5	Took my wife on her first trip to Vegas and booked Caesars because of its location, restaurants and atmosphere. I booked a non smoking room in the Augustus tower and requested a room with Bellagio fountain views. Upon checking in they tried to "upgrade" me to a room in the Octavius tower with a pool view. I insisted on a fountain view and they said they would provide me with a smoking room with an obstructed view. I insisted on a non smoking room and they said they would provide me with a non smoking room with an no fountain view. I insisted on a fountain view and they granted me the non smoking room on the 40th floor of the Augustus tower with a spectacular fountain view. We had a terrific stay and our experience at the shops, the casino, Mesa Grill, Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill and Bacchanal Buffet were outstanding.
4	On the stay alone was nice.... the pool awesome.. i would return..
4	Ive been coming to this casino since I was 5 and I must say that it is always a pleasant stay. The only issues I have is that the room service food is always expensive and only (At BEST) decent tasting. Other than that. The forums are amazing, restaurants are great, and the rooms are spacious and comforting. Ill still be coming back to stay when I head to vegas.
1	This place needs new management.  Nothing to eat past 11 pm. The cafe has 3 items for ridiculous price and they are out of ingredients of those items?!?!  Time for a new hotel manager!
1	By far the WORST hotel and over priced  POOR SERVICE disgusting old food!  John Bernard the hotel manager appears lazy and irritated with his job!  THE ABSOLUTE WORST check-in service!   Don't  expect help or short lines!!!!  I Am a  rated player in the Harrahs chain and by far this is the WORST OVER PRICED HOTEL IN THEIR CHAIN!  We left went to ARIA & ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!!!  IWILL NEVER GO TO CAESARS AGAIN
2	Overall, I think Caesars is beginning to show its age. We were comped a few rooms here and reversed a single King room non-smoking.  When we arrived, we were told they didn't have a king room that was non-smoking. I was told that the comped rooms just have to take what we could get and we were given the choice of a smoking king or a non-smoking double queen.  But we didn't let the fact they didn't actually reserve a room spoil our good time and took the double queen. The room was pretty standard for Vegas: Wildly overpriced minibar, missing do not disturb sign, and room service only mistakenly barged into our room once. That last one gave me a pretty scare.On the plus side, Caesars has great water pressure, a central location on the strip and the absinthe show there is incredible. Unfortunately for them, I spent most of my time enjoying other casinos and restaurants that belonged to other hotels.If I were paying, I would stay elsewhere.
4	Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #2 - #365Recently I just stayed at the infamous, (Caesar's Palace) where the Hangover was supposedly filmed but really it was filmed in a studio. It was a family Christmas vacay trip, so there was no hardcore partying or craziness going on. Just some R & R with the whole family, since I hardly see most of them. During this trip, the Vegas strip was so damn crowded, I even felt claustrophobic when I was walking around the Caesar's casino and around the strip. It was that crowded! My Mom received a comp room at Caesar's Palace, so I thought it wouldnt be so bad as long at the room was clean and safe. We were given a room in the Roman Tower (Built in the 1966), it ended up being ok, not as modern as other renovated rooms. The mattress was lumpy, there was some wear and tear on the furniture, the bathroom was outdated but doable. What frustrated us, was the not so complimentary WiFi that was included with the resort fee. It turns out, there was only one device available per 24 hour period for wifi use. In this case, I have the option of using my laptop or smart phone for wifi, plus it was super slow. The Cosmopolitan allows it's guests to use an unlimited amount of devices and the speed was excellent. All in all, the staff was friendly, they have lots of restaurant options, forum shops is just a few feet away, and it's on the center strip where most of the action is.
4	Home of the Movie HangoverVery Classy very clean. I don't really have alot of complaints from this place. Kind of pricey to gamble at. Free drinks if you gamble. $8 for those same drinks if you don't. They are very small plastic cups though so kind of a bummer. Hangout at the pleasure pit to see the beautiful girls. Hangout at the sports area to watch your favorite game and place bets. Big area but they have way too much seating reserved for their heavy betters. Still like this place though.
4	Stayed at the Nobu Tower. We were on the 79th floor & were promised "a room with a view". The room had a view to the rooms across the tower but still beautiful nonetheless. Loved the shopping, dining, and staff. We practically stayed at the Caesars our entire trip, except when we wanted to walk the strip a bit or watch the O show which was in the neighboring hotel - Bellagio. We would most definitely stay at the Caesars again, including the Nobu Tower.
4	I had a surprisingly good stay here.  The room I got was very nice, affordable and a sick view of the fountain at the Bellagio.  I ordered room service a few times and it was generally good.  Room was spacious and clean. I'd like to give a special call out to Zandra Jackson at the front desk, who did a great job of helping me get a good room, welcome me to the property, etc.  Definitely would go back.
5	Hosted a group for a birthday celebration and working with the VIP service of Caesars could not have been easier.  In total, 20 attendees.  Great accommodations.  Wonderful casino.  Overall a BIG success.  Thanks Caesars!
4	I've stayed several times here at Caesars and have mixed feelings about this place. Obviously good feelings prevail because I keep coming back! The downside is that this hotel and casino is so large. I mean you really have to keep your time if you have to meet up with someone or have reservations anywhere. I do enjoy the gaming as an upside, the upgraded rooms I seem to get at check in, and the fact that everything is under one roof with a bonus shopping area attached. I think that's why I'm a sucker for this place.2 visits back, I was coming in from the Grand Canyon and the room we had was not ready. We were sent to a room that had empty food takeaway boxes and empty juice bottles. Once we called down to the desk, they were quick to send us to a better and much larger room. I can't complain on how they handled the situation. I love the spa here Qua. The products offered in the rooms are no other from my favorite spa ;) this is home away from home.
4	One of my absolute favorite places to go late night shopping!! It's true that most businesses are a bit more high end and I can't afford them..but most places are buzzing with customers! It is a fantastic place to chill, shop, and munch on huge, fattening desserts at Max Brenner= my place to get sugar high and chocolate wasted!!!
4	This hotel is one of my favorite hotels I've ever stayed in! The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because they don't let you plug in any video game counsels. The tv has a place where you can plug it in but the input buttons are gone on purpose! So I called the front desk and they said oh sorry, we don't allow anyone to plug anything in our tvs. I bet the only reason is that you can't do that is because they want you to go out to that casino and waste your money! But over All, this hotel is amazing!!
2	I've stayed here many times and enjoyed it.. Great restaurants (forum shops included).  This time we were forced into the forum tower and  it's terrible. We 're here for a conference for 8 days and the accommodations are horrible. Stained Rugs, smokey rooms, outdated. Not worth the money.  Back to the Venetian next time. Too bad ... I used to be a big Ceasar's fan.
1	** WORST EXPERIENCE EVER... like E-V-E-R !Went to a little Mexican eatery at Caesars Palace.  My husband almost ate a rusty industrial staple, that was in his black beans.  My husband bit into it and his face dropped when he pulled it out and identified it as a large industrial staple.  I quickly went and spoke to an employee of the eatery- telling them what was found.  They told me to wait at the table for the proper people to arrive (to record the incident).  My husband wanted to leave right then and go to the ER to get a tetanus shot.  I was upset/shocked and wanted to speak to someone... 45 MINUTES LATER... I start really looking around.. and noticing something strange.  There are three men around us... sitting at tables alone.. AND THEN I REALIZE THEY ARE FILMING US!!!!!!!!!!!!!  THEY ACTUALLY were sitting there for the past- who knows how long FILMING US with their camera phones.....  I WAS SOOOOOOOOOOO ANGRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   I said to one of the men YOU GET ME SOMEONE NOW!!  All three men scattered like cockroaches.  Within 2 mins someone was there to take a report.  I said why were there men video taping us for the last 45 mins?!?!  The man said he didn't know- it was part of security...  What a terrible experience.  Horrible.. Ruined our trip.. left the next day since my husband was sure he was going to get some infection from the rusty staple.. he promptly got his tetanus shot.
5	The comedy "The Hangover" has had such an effect on Caesars Palace's image in the public eye in recent years that they've started to produce merchandise that basically play on Alan's quote on whether or not "Caesar lived here." When I saw said merchandise last weekend in the Forum shops (i.e.: the mall at Caesars Palace), admitting that they "get that a lot," I actually chuckled. The marketing for the resort is basically packaged nicely for the next decade for them.Caesars Palace (for those who noticed, it's without the apostrophe) is one of the largest hotel/resorts in the United States, if not THE largest (or constantly vying for it at least, depending on what your parameters are). Supposedly, the name of the resort doesn't contain the apostrophe because it's meant to be plural and inclusive (i.e.: this "Palace" is not exclusive to [Julius] Caesar, but to all who spend time and money here; i.e.: other "Caesars" like you, the patron (or "patrician," if you'd like)). Its theme is Ancient Rome during the imperial era. The architecture is monumental and imitates the former grandeur of the Roman Empire. The Forum mall is actually aptly named and was the first mall that was enclosed, but made you feel like you were outside Ancient Rome (complete with atmospheric changes that cycle through periodically). Even now, it's among the top five most successful shopping malls in America. I remember when I was a child being very impressed with the Forum mall, and quite honestly, I still enjoy walking through here whenever I'm visiting Las Vegas. If only more malls could find a theme like that and stick with it consistently throughout the facility.If you enter the Forum mall through Las Vegas Boulevard, you'll likely see the spiraling escalators. They're one of only a handful in the world, and if you don't know where the rest are, it doesn't matter. This is by far the most impressive presentation of it. Nearby, there's also those talking statues of the Gods of the Festival. If you haven't seen a presentation yet, you'll need to, just to be able to say you did. Though it's a bit cheesy now, it was pretty impressive to a small child when it first debuted many, many years ago (i.e.: me).As of this writing, Celine Dion is currently the house act here at the Coliseum (again, aptly named for the performing art center at Caesars), and apparently, she's one of the biggest shows in Las Vegas. I haven't seen her show yet, though I did like that Titanic theme she sang back in 1997 for film. Reason enough to see an act, I suppose.I only noticed ONE person who actually got into the Ancient Rome theme this weekend and wore a Roman toga. He could have been part of a stag or bachelor's party or whatnot, but that got me thinking that Caesars should promote more of their patrons and some staff members to don period attire if they got 'em. Roman Empire, cosplay and history buffs would probably get off on such a sight.Just like the hotel itself, I think it's a monumental task to describe all the elements of the resort in one review. You really should just take a moment to browse the pictures here on Yelp to get an idea of the kinds of things you'll see at Caesars Palace if you've never been inside before. There's just way too much detail in the events, rooms, casino, retail, restaurants, clubs, etc. to accurately describe and stay under the character limit.On a personal note, I have to mention that back in the summer of 2003 or 2004, I recall coming across Chris "Jesus" Ferguson (the poker player) at the Pure nightclub here at Caesars while on a weekend trip with some college friends. I took a picture with him outside in the patio area and still have that picture here at my desk as I'm writing this review. I honestly, have never had any bad experiences with Caesars, and it seems that, despite not actually having stayed a night here, I find myself visiting the Palace basically every time I'm around town.Hail Caesar!
5	I always love coming to Caesars Palace. Even whenI was kid (especially after watching Rain Man) I always enjoyed CP. They've done a good job at staying relevant as Vegas has aged. Great upkeep of the facility, and a knack for thoughtful marketing.
1	On top of the rate they quote you, you will have to pay city resort tax and sales tax but then they surprise you with a 28 Dollar phone and Gym tax whether you want to use their services or not. The room I have for $200 night has no view
5	Caesars Palace is always my choice when staying in Las Vegas.  I go about 4 or 5 times a year and never stay anywhere else.  The VIP staff and casino hosts are always very professional and attend to my every need.  Not once have I had a problem with checking in or checking out.  My preference is either the Palace tower or the new Octavious tower.  My room is always clean and ready.  The housekeeping staff is excellent and say good morning everyday which is refreshing.  If you don't have a great experience you only need to ask to speak to a manager or host and they will take care of you.  The resort is very easy to get around and the signage on the property is very adequate.  I almost never leave Caesars while staying.  Everything you want is there.  During the warm months enjoying the pool is a great experience also.  One thing I noticed last spring and summer was that they could of used more servers around the pool.  They were very busy and can't possibly make everyone happy.  That is my one and only complaint.
5	A bustling center of commerce, fun, and food, Caesars Palace is one of the best casino resorts in town. Even though it is and old establishement, management has not let it deteriorate much like other places on the strip. Clean and tidy floors, good looking statues, and an overall peaceful ambiance are how I would characterize this place.The casino has a really open feel and although it is pretty busy, there is still a high ceiling and a sense of room to breath. The drinks were refreshing and the mall was a very nice experience. Hope to stay here next time!
1	Terrible billing experience.  After a wonderful stay and show with Shania Twain, the front desk changed the rate on my hotel stay at checkout.  The desk left me to wait 45+ minutes while they contacted their billing department to straighten it out.  They then said I owed 200 more for a two night stay.  I tried to give them the info from my confirmation regarding rate on my package and the manager was only interested in getting me to go away as I was agitated after waiting 45 + minutes to get them to sort everything out.  The manger (anthony Pyne) then went on to complain to me that sorting out my account would take up the rest of his day but he would give me a call before charging anything to my card as I refused to sign anything.  Lo and behold my card has been charged and no call from them.  Apalled at customer service manager attitude that my "billing dispute" would waste his time for the rest of the day, wouldn't even try to go through his math with me which was obviously wrong.  Needless to say I will be submitting my confirmations to cc company and I will win since their staff obviously can't add.
4	Caesar Palace is one of the oldest hotel in the strip, it fact is almost 60 years old !  Despite is such old hotel, you won't notice it by the exterior or interior.  They did remarkable job keep the shape and made many improvement.  After all this is the hotel that the blockbuster movie Hangover pick not once but twice of their trilogy.This is a massive hotel, it will me like a good ten to fifteen minutes to walk pass the entire Caesar Palace just from the street.  This hotel features the currently best buffet in town "Bacchanal".   They also added new hotel room called Nobu which a modern hotel room that isn't inspired by Roman Theme.   Also, forum shop the current biggest shopping outlet in the strip is also located in this hotel.  Technically, you do not need to leave the hotel for most of the act ivies, it got basically little bit of everything.  The location of the hotel is among the best in the strip, next to Bellagio and across Paris.  There is numerous water fountain spare all around the hotel both inside and out.The most expensive room in Vegas are happened to be in this hotel as well, costing almost 50 grand a night consist of a actual Villa with over 20,00 square feet.  So if you are super high roller or a millionaire.  There is a suite suitable for your statue.  I think their standard room rate is a bit overprice for a Four-class hotel class.  The price is about the same an Aria, which is a Five Star.  Maybe the movie Hangover and Bacchanal really jack up the price, it was not that long this hotel was a bargain since it got no resort fee, but now it does and the rate is also high.  This is a hotel you will likely going to visit many times since it got so much to offer, but as for hotel guest is hard to sell to me unless the price is right.
4	I was in town to get married.  I'd gambled, ate, and/or drank at Caesars Palace Hotel & Casino many times, but on this visit I finally stayed there as well since we were doing the ceremony in one of Caesars' wedding chapels and we'd secured a block of rooms in the hotel for us and our guests.  Our rooms were in the Augustus Tower, which had its own registration desk, a short walk from the main entrance, but accessible to an even more convenient side entrance off of Flamingo with a requisite cab stand.  Our standard room, non-smoking with king bed, was spacious and had a beautiful view south down the Strip overlooking the Bellagio's fountains.  The bed was comfortable, perhaps not as comfortable as the ones I've found at the Cosmopolitan, Palms, and Hard Rock, but the pillows were very nice with good support.  The bathroom was equally spacious with a glass shower, Jacuzzi tub, a large vanity with dual sinks, and a separate W/C.  The only minor critique would be the 42" flat panel TV, which seemed to only get standard definition signal.  Not a problem, though, since we spent very little time in the room.  As for the common areas, like the casino, they seemed much more smoke-filled than I remember from previous visits.  My clothes, skin, and hair reeked of secondhand smoke after any time spent in the casino.  There weren't that many smokers around me, but I'm guessing the air exchange/filtration system was not as efficient as the ones installed in much newer casinos like the Cosmopolitan and Aria.  Still, the gaming, drink service, and overall service from the entire Caesars property staff was very good to excellent.  Caesars Palace is a place that I'll definitely stay and play again.
5	Awesome hotel excellent customer service and beautiful rooms... My only complaint is that the Octavious Tower (which we were upgraded to for free) was a quarter mile from everything!
4	Staying at Caesars tonight and I must say the Delux sweet it nice. Big room with very very comfy beds and a nice tv. Bathroom is great compared with many others. Mot as good as Cosmo. But still nice. Rooms are daily priced. Not cheap for what you get. But it's still worth it. The best part is this new buchanial buffet they have which is really great. I'll post a review for the buffet soon.!! Thanks Caesars. Will be back.
4	My new favorite go-to Vegas spot.Pros:Location, location, locationService is mostly great throughout the propertyPool is AMAZINGGood restaurantsCasino is huge, so lots of options for everyoneRooms are comfortable--especially the Palace tower.Full size Jacuzzi tub in the Palace tower! Not just a dinky tub with jets being called a hot tubThe newly improved buffet is very popular (aka crowded) but so good!!!Cons:Not many! The property is HUGE so it does take a while to get around and it's very easy to get lostPrices aren't always the best but good deals can be had, especially with Total Rewards membership They recently started billing a resort fee, which sucks but is expectedValet can take a really long timeRoom service is ehDefinitely a Vegas classic and great place to stay. I particularly love staying here during the summer because the pool (and the service and pricey but delicious drinks at the pool) is a lot of fun without being an exclusive party-pool atmosphereHail Caesar's!
3	Watch out for all the new rules for blackjack in Vegas. Different rules at gaming tables than players used to have. Some tables don't let you double down,some won't let you split at certain times, and on and on. Or pay double if you want to split again.the odds are definitely favoring the house. "Real" blackjack players will not be happy at these tables. At Caesars alone, we visited 3 blackjack tables with different rules at each table. I guess Vegas is going to win no matter what. Guess it's time for a new city to gamble in.  Had tickets for shania twain but she cancelled the day before. They refunded our money. I did want to see her. Bummer. Vegas weather was nice, 60s for February. But it's really dry here so drink plenty of water and bring lotion for your skin.
5	I really enjoyed my stay.  I was treated to friendly and supportive staff from the initial registration attendant, to the staff in the athletics room, and even in the casino.  The hotel was very clean and beautiful, and the food at the restaurants was excellent.  But I was blown away by the support of the Lost & Found and Security Departments who were able to recover the watch I left in the room and discovered missing in the airport.  I am glad to say that I am wearing my watch, as I type this email only a few days later.  Thank you Caesars Palace, I look forward to my next stay.
5	I love staying here, the new towers are gorgeous.   The rooms are super spacious and I love the view of the belagio fountains.   The bathrooms are huge the jacuzzi bath tub is glorious.   The Starbucks off the elevator is why convenient.   The pool is super clean and always a fun time. The shopping is AMAZING!!  all of my favorite shops!!!
2	REVIEW for 'Pure Nightclub' GOOD:AMAZING DJ Beautiful venueCool interior designBAD: Only 2 bartenders working with 50 people waiting at a time. I waited 30 minutes and then had to ASK the bartender if I could be served. NO SEATING UNLESS YOU BUY BOTTLE SERVICE!Bouncers inside only watch people when they sit down & force them to stand up if they sit down, rather than watching and keeping the girls SAFE. Bouncers were VERY rude. Everyone is a little... TOO friendly on the dance floor. OVERWHELMING amounts of men. There was almost a LINE of men to dance with me and my friend and we had to constantly (meaning every 5 seconds) decline their abrupt dancing actions.Dance floor for anyone who didn't buy bottle service painfully packed and SMALL NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY!
2	Would not recommend this hotel. The facilities are less than expected given the price and the service is poor.  We booked 5 rooms, one of the rooms had a broken heater and no hot water; if I had stayed in that room, this would be a one-star review.I've heard that quality of the facilities vary greatly between the different towers; we stayed in the Roman Tower.
4	Always extravagantAlways a pleasureI love the ambiance at this casino/hotelIt's a must visit every time I go to Vegas.The Atlantis Forum is a nice, short show to watch as you grab a drink to begin your evening. The shopping is fantastic to satisfy the shopaholic's desires. And the casino area is over The top with high ceilings and countless slot machines to black jack tables.A must visit spot
3	I was really surprised to find how basic this hotel was for how expensive the rooms usually go for. Had I not gotten a last-minute deal off HotelTonight, then I would have been really disappointed at the quality of the rooms at Caesars Palace, given the hotel's reputation. The room was really basic--I would compare it to your standard Hampton Inn off the highway in any-town USA in terms of room colors, decoration, and ambiance. The downstairs has some really high-end shopping and a HUGE club-like H&M, which is nice if you won big and are looking to spend some cash. While the casino and shopping are some of the best, the rooms are on the just "ok" end of the spectrum. I would forgo staying here and just pop in to eat, gamble, or shop.
5	The downstairs bathroom is incredibly nice!Outside, is a shoe shining booth and a couch. When you walk in, there's a triptych along the winding entrance.Venus d' Milo and Statue of David photos on the bathroom stalls.There's a powder room adjacent to the sinks.I always make this my before or after stop on my way to Bacchanal
4	Walked straight through and ate at Mesa Grill. I'm now a huge fan. Not a meal I can afford every night, but when it is that special night this is a great option
4	We went to Caesar's to see Celine Dion on our second night in LV and dined in Wolfgang Puck's restaurant. Our experience was excellent and Caesar's is a beautiful Casino and complex. Dining outside' the restaurant, we felt like we were outside because it's so.... Wow. That's the only word I can really think of now.Love that you don't get harassed by salespeople everywhere you walk like you do in some other hotels.
5	Wow! This place has everything: great shops that are hard to find anywhere else, awesome restaurants, and its a great concert venue! We saw Shania Twain here...super cool! I wanted to eat at bobby flay's mesa grill...maybe tonight:-)
4	I enjoy going to Caesars Palace.  Although, it is one of the Strip properties that we have yet to stay in Las Vegas.  So, why am I a fan?  During my gambling days, the casino has been good to me.  Hey, any casino that I leave with more money than I came in with....I am going to be a fan of that place.  Since I've married, my serious gambling days are behind me.  Nowadays, my budget is $20 for gambling.What else I like about Caesars Palace:1.  The atmosphere and decorations are cool.2.  The casino ventilation is much better than most other Vegas hotels.3.  Celine Dion was amazing!4.  Great place to people watch.5.  They have Cheesecake Factory!!6.  Browsing the Forum Shops.7.  Centrally located on the Strip.What i do not like about Caesars Palace:1.  Actually, everything is fine.  No real complaints from me.  Sure, it's kind of pricey...but they are not overly priced on their hotel rates.I do not know if we will ever spend the night here.  I do know that we will continue to come here in the future because of all the reasons listed above plus others not mentioned.
4	"You probably get this a lot, this isn't the real Caesar's Palace is it? Did, umm... did Caesar live here? I didn't think so." It's ok that the real Caesar didn't live here, at least the place is pager friendly! I've always had a pleasant experience staying at Caesar's; although, I can't say the same about losing money while gambling here. You can't miss this massive property right off the Flamingo exit of the I-15.Somehow, I always end up in the Palace Tower room. That's the room with the exhibitionist shower in between the two bathrooms. You'd think having two bathrooms is convenient until one person is taking a shower but has to lock both doors since the shower doors are glass. If you don't care, shower away and display what yo mama gave you. The dual showerheads make it fun to shower with a friend while doing the earth a favor by conserving water.The furniture is modern and the rooms are upkept nicely. The beds are comfy I have no complaints. My last trip was with three guys and of course they forgot to pack some toiletries. They had someone bring up toothbrushes, shaving cream and razors, extra shampoo and conditioner, and soap. They even brought up extra robes and slippers.We pulled an all nighter and I finally got to bed around 10am. We were all feeling lazy later on and they brought back dinner from the food court. Their food court actually has good food unlike food courts from other hotels.Some may say overrated or not worth the price, but everyone should try the Bacchanal Buffet at least once!
1	One star for the forum shops. I like to look in the windows of the Louboutin and Agent Provocateur boutiques and drool. I never actually go into the shops of course, because it would be embarassing. First of all, I'm usually wearing something that came off the clearance rack at Charlotte Russe. I'll only set foot inside when I can afford $1000 shoes and a $100 pair of panties. If I only had a sugar daddy. Or a salary. Or hell, both. Anyway...Oh sweet mother of God. This hotel rivals Circus Circus as one of my least favorite hotels I've stayed in EVER.Let us begin.*If you self park, you will walk forever to get anywhere. They have some kind of drainage or sewage problem, so when you enter you will get a wiff of that. *Front desk is soooo damn rude for no reason, and if you want to upgrade rooms they are just "not available" ever. If you want an early check in, pay 50 bucks. The resort fee is 30 bucks. It's a rip.*Avoid avoid, and let me just emphasize AVOID the "Roman" tower like the god damn plague. It appears the rooms have not been cleaned or remodeled since this place opened. I would say the room I stayed in in the Roman tower was borderline unacceptable. It made Motel 8 look like the friggin Mariott.*The whole entire hotel and casino is dated. I'm all for themed hotels, and I embrace the tacky in most situations in life, but this place is just drab and depressing. The casino has minimum blackjack set at $25. Yeah okay, no.*Anywhere you eat here will be expensive and will taste like shit. Just trust me on this.*The pool area. Okay, it's cool, I like the different "pools," it's a fun concept. I liked the casino game tables that were in the water too. But like everything else on this hotel property, maintainence is needed. Also, they do not monitor who goes in and out of the pool area. Lots of creepers creepin. Anyone can come in whether they are staying at the hotel or not. Not kidding, I saw a dirty homeless man chilling. What the hell?? Speakin of creepin, I peeked at the seperate "topless" pool area that you gotta pay to get into. What I saw were a bunch of men sitting around and a couple of women, none of which were rockin out with their tits out. I want to add that I saw many people walking through the pool area in wedding type attire. I think you might have to go through there to get to the chappel or something, which to me, is real freakin weird. I could be wrong, but that's what it looked like. I'll admit, from the outside I like how Caesers Palace looks. The statues they have outside the hotel and the fountains look cool, I like them. But, that's all you need to see. At some point in it's prime, probably in the 70's or something, high rollers used to hang out here. Just keep that image with you in your mind and drive on past. This place is not a 5 star hotel, it's far far from it. It's not worth the $$$ to stay on this piece of shit property with all the places you can stay in Vegas.
3	The casino was smokier than I expected for Caesars Palace. Seriously, I had to leave after 15 minutes, you would have thought we were at Gold Nugget. My eyes turned red. Seemed a little cramped on the casino floor.  A show got out and the flood of people took all the breathing room out of the walkway.
2	Thank Caesar's ghost we had reward club passes for a free two night stay because I would've been LIVID if we had paid their exorbitant $729 per room per night for a room! Sure, our room looked nice, but I wasn't pleased to see how filthy everything was and didn't like the feeling I might get charged to touch something. I didn't expect to see dirty doors, walls, ripped fabrics, damaged walls and torn lampshades, and the finding the previous occupants socks under the bed was a surprise, too. Add these things to the ridiculously overpriced in-room snacks and minibar items (seriously, they provide a Kuerig to use, but can't spare a couple of complimentary K-cups and some sugar?!?) found the place way too big to navigate and don't even get me started on how rude the registration staff was (his name is Amoud, I'd avoid him, he seems cranky) I was perturbed to learn at check in they require a $200 deposit for our stay, information that was not relayed during my call to make reservations. Then we have the "resort fee" of $28 per night, which did include one free day of wifi for one device (to use other devices would be yet another charge at $14.99 per device per day) and I found to be super slow. Overall, 2 stars for the very grand appearance of the place, the deep spa tub & location, but other than that, I won't be back. Even with the complimentary stay,  there is no such thing as "free."
4	Was looking to stay at Caesar's for a while. Got a room in the Augustus Tower, paid $315.00 for 2 nights.I expected more for the price, the furniture was ok, nothing modern. The tv was small. Don't touch any food items on the counter or fridge or you will be charged for it.The bathroom is great, jacuzzi tub, used it both days. There was a tv in the bathroom which was pretty nice. Great view of the strip.Complementary slippers, chocolate and water in the evenings.The location is great, close to everything.
5	Took another trip to Vegas and time was able to check off Caesars Palace off my wish list. My other visits to Vegas I had stayed at some of the less fancy hotels on the strip so this place is in a whole other league. Don't get me strong I still like the less fancy hotels and have no problem with them at all but I am saying the atmosphere is way different. Everything at Caesars is much more expensive so if you eat at the restaurants there the entire time prepare to spend a pretty penny on food. That pretty much goes for buying anything there. The mini bar in my room wanted $12.00 for plain M&Ms, lol. Just a fair warning. Ok now time for the details. Check in was a breeze. My cab driver dropped me off at the VIP entrance because it was quicker and easier to get to and he was very cool like that. I was not sure where to go from there to check in so I went to the VIP desk there and they went ahead and checked me in instead of sending me to the main desk in the front. It was a very quick and painless check in which I can always appreciate. The lady at the front desk was very polite and she called a bellhop right away to take my bags up to my room. My room was in the Forum Tower room 6504. It was quite a ways from the desk where I checked in. Instead of sending me of into the unknown to get lost the bellhop David very kindly walked me and my bag to my room. He was very sweet the entire time and he have me a tour of the place as we walked to my room. That ended up being very helpful because I didn't get lost once after that. Once we got into my room he set up my luggage for me and then as he was explaining where the ice machine was he offered to go get me some ice if I wanted some. I thought that was great. He showed me the room and some of the frills associated with it. He went above and beyond in my opinion and made me feel very welcome. Ah the room, here's the fun part. That room was bad ass. I have no other way of putting it. The bed was so comfortable!!! The room also had those comfy robes so you can guess what I wore when I hung around the room, lol. There was a TV in the bathroom mirror. That was the craziest thing I ever seen. Everything is digital now so it is very modern. The drapes and the "do not disturb sign" all worked by pushing a button rather than manually. The room had three phones in it. One next to the toilet even which I thought was funny. The shower was heavenly. It had an ordinary shower head alone with a larger one in the middle of the shower. The size of the shower was also great, very spacious and plenty of room to shower comfortably. The bathroom is also very large and has an excellent vanity area and the keep plenty of towels available. The size of the entire room in general was great. Very spacious. I also had a great view of the strip which is always nice. I was impressed with the room overall that's for sure. OK, I was feeling pretty tired the night I arrived and I did not feel like hunting for a place to eat so I decided to splurge a little and order room service. Fair warning and this doesn't count against them but the room service menu is very expensive and overall it is not worth it. The prices are clearly marked and I still decided to pay the extra amount for the convenience so that's my own fault. Just a fair warning that it isn't worth it really. Their customer service is stellar though. When I called the man who answered the phone was very helpful and he answered my questions about the menu and helped me come to a decision. They told me the delivery time would be about 40 minutes but they arrived much quicker than that. The person who brought me was food was very nice and polite and she set me up nicely. The casino was great. I actually had a lot of fun here. The table minimums here are higher than some of the other neighboring casinos but after a while I didn't even really notice. The dealers that I encountered were very fun to play with and I killed at the blackjack tables so that made me happy. Check out was a breeze and I hope more hotels are using this method. The sent me an email the morning of my departure asking me to schedule my checkout time so essentially I checked out via email so no lines. You can also checkout through your TV in your room as well. Very painless which is great if you have a flight to catch or something else planned. I just turned in my keys at the front desk and that was it. The last service I used was the bell desk for my bags. My flight did not leave until later in the afternoon so I had some time before I had to be at the airport so instead of lugging my suitcase everywhere I checked it in at the bell desk. They were excellent too. They quickly took my info and my bag and let me be on my way. When I came to pick up the bag same thing, I handed them the tag they gave me and they quickly retraived my bag and got me in a cab to the sirport.
1	So almost a year ago I contacted Caesars Entertainment, after giving up on their customer service responding to the issues I had, I told then to remove me from all systems, marketing lists etc. A couple weeks ago, after booking a trip at non-caesar properties I get a call offering me free night at a caesars property. Explained to the guy that I requested to NEVER be contact by them again. He apologized and continued to offer me 3 free nights. Told him I had no interest and that they would need to make me a crazy offer to continue setting foot on their property again. I also explained free nights meant nothing as I can stay anywhere I want for free whenever I want. He said he would talk to his boss.The next day I check my email and low and behold I have 7 days booked at Plant Hollywood. WTF.....I've now made multiple attempts to contact the corporate office to get to the bottom of this and have had no replies.Stay away from the strip.. It's all about the shareholders now days, not you.
3	OK...I'm going to start off by saying this: Unless I make a specific comparison to another hotel, you can mentally add "but it's The Strip, and that's just how it is on The Strip" to any negative thing I may say here. Some things are just the way things are in Las Vegas hotels, you know?OK, that said, here we go! We usually stay at The Mirage in Vegas, but I got a super-good deal for Caesar's Palace this year and thought it would be fun to try another place on The Strip (and hey...who hasn't heard of Caesar's Palace, right?).To jump right to the good stuff: Our room was fantastic! We were in the Forum Tower, room 6215. The room was really big, with plenty of room for the king-sized bed (with mirrored headboard! Wowza!), a lounge-style sofa, an arm chair, a desk and chest of drawers, and a big flat-screen TV. Not much of a view, but then there's not much to look at from a hotel room in Vegas, so no worries there. The real "wow," though, was the bathroom! It consisted of a large "dressing room" area, with a washstand and huge mirror (with a TV built in!), a lighted closet big enough for both our suitcases, a separate toilet room, and a huge walk-in shower with TWO big "rain-style" shower heads and a bench to sit on...very posh!Now for just a few negatives: The room didn't come equipped with a fridge (the mini-bar was crammed full of items for sale, and the room information warned you about moving things in there to store your personal stuff...they are on a motion sensor, and if you move that $6 can of Diet Coke to store your own $0.50 carton of milk, they WILL charge you for that Coke. Refrigerators may be ordered from housekeeping, but be aware...there will almost certainly be a charge for that also). We decided to save the money and use the ice bucket -- Yay! Free ice! -- to store a carton of milk for our breakfast cereal.The room did have a nice Keurig coffee/tea maker, but guess what? Yes...there's a charge to use it. (Let's all say it together: It's The Strip, and that's just how it is on The Strip, so...")The TV had a good picture. The selection of free channels was adequate, but limited. Plenty of pay channels, though!  ("It's The Strip, and...").The resort fee (Added on to your room charge. But it's The Strip...) included internet connection for one device. Just one. We had two. But it's The Strip.... My husband needed to connect to work, so we ate the $14.99 charge for the second connection. On the upside, the wi-fi was fast and reliable! There were plenty of outlets too, which is a big plus for us.The bed was very comfortable (a wee bit on the firm side for my tastes, but still comfy), and the pillows were wonderful! (we looked for a label on them, in the hopes of being able to buy a few for our home, but the labels had been removed).The room also came equipped with ironing board, iron, hair dryer, etc. I didn't ask about charges for those, as we didn't need them. They're probably free, but if you need to use them, ask, because, after all, this is The Strip...The hotel itself is HUGE, and rather convoluted to navigate. Yes, I know, this is The Strip, and all roads lead either to the casino or to the shops (or both), but Caesar's seemed rather more difficult to navigate than The Mirage. That said, the people were absolutely WONDERFUL, and always willing to help with directions. The Forum Shops are worth a visit even if you're not staying here (the ceiling is gorgeous!), but they're pretty convoluted as well...we got lost there for an hour before asking for help after attending a show at another hotel.The only real negative about Caesar's Palace is the Bacchanal Buffet. It gets a lot of hype, which is why we decided to try it, but frankly, it's overpriced, and simply not worth it. I've written a separate review about it, but to sum things up: 1) it has nothing you can't get at any other buffet on The Strip, 2) it's about twice the price of any other buffet on The Strip (and, unlike the Cravings buffet at The Mirage, does NOT include beer and wine, 3) it is a total wasteland for vegetarians, and 4) neither smelled nor looked clean. If you decide to stay here, I highly recommend either trying one of the other restaurants in the complex or, if you want a buffet, going to The Mirage.All in all, not a bad experience (except for the food!). It is, after all, The Strip....
5	You have to stay here at least once in your life. I will definitely book here again and worth the money.
3	My boyfriend and I just returned from our trip to Vegas where we stayed at Caesars.  We wanted to stay here specifically because we had a great time at PURE and when we were walking through, we loved it. Flash forward to when we actually were staying there.  We got in super early, so we did was was called a 'pre-checkin'  which was awesome.  Basically it was taking care of all the paperwork without actually checking in.  Lisa was very helpful and very nice and basically one of the highlights of our precheck-in.  Once we successfully killed a few hours, we were still early but we wanted to check in.  When we approached the desk to get our keys, the woman working did not want to help us at all. Instead of being customer friendly, she almost refused us because we had 'refused to pay the early checkin' (which is not true..  Lisa did not pressure us at all and we were told we could come back we could check in at any time, and if it was early we had to pay a fee.).  I advsied Zandra that I never refused the fee and she proceeded to check us in with no additional conversation.  With Zandra, I was immediately disappointed.  Not a good start to the vacation. When we got up to the room, it was beautiful!  It was comfy and cozy and very well decorated (and there was a tub.. score!).  One complaint, there was no signage or anything that the snacks on top of the minifridge were on magnets that once you had it off for 30 seconds, it charged you (we found that one out when the wonderful bell man - i believe his name was Amir- told us when he brought up our bags). When we checked in, we got a coupon book for some deals within the hotel.  With each coupon, we ran into some stipulation that was never stated on the actual coupon (one was at Serendipity 3 and the other at the gift shop). Caesars is a nice place to stay, but watch out for cranky front desk agents and coupon books that have fine print not even written anywhere you can see.  Most likely, we will not be returning to stay again.
4	Like: Indoor has a shopping mall you can walk and pass some time in Vegas. GREAT sales at H&M when we went! Buffet has TONS of options for food it was like the wall of food never ended. Especially if you like seafood. Oysters were a hit by people and constantly needed refilling. Dislike: The buffet was SUPER cold the AC was blasting. Expensive too, but it's Vegas at a strip hotel so that's expected. Some of the buffet food seemed to be sitting out for a long time, but that happens often with large buffets like that. Line to get in was LONG like waiting in a zig zag line for an amusement park ride.
5	This hotel is very very very pricey & expensive! I say this because all of the stores are too darn expensive and pricey. Gucci, LV & etc.. if you do not have money then don't come here Lol but it's a nice place to walk around and eye candy it up! I love walking outside of the hotel because there are so many places to pass by and the escalators are unique as well.. meaning you just don't go straight down or up but in circles! preeety fun 8)
4	Like ancient Rome, Caesars Palace is old, but still impressive.Caesars has done a decent job of upgrading rooms, restaurants, and entertainment in an effort to keep up with best of Vegas. Sure, for similar prices you can usually find a 5-star Las Vegas room, but staying at Caesars in the middle of the strip does have benefits.The hotel has a wide range of rooms to fit just about any budget including classic rooms, tower rooms, fancy "Nobu" rooms, multi-room suites, spa suites, exclusive "Laurel" rooms, and, of course, Forum Tower Emperors Suites for bachelor parties made famous in Hangover. In room amenities vary depending on the class of the accommodations. Don't forget about the mandatory $28 Resort Fee per day when booking your stay, too.Headliner acts often do short stints at Caesars so if you are a fan of Celine Dion, Jerry Seinfeld, Elton John, Shania Twain, Jeff Dunham, Rod Stewart, or one of the other star acts then purchase tickets online early. Absinthe is an adults-only show five nights a week that blends a cabaret vibe and raunchy humor with acrobatic skills.Even if you don't stay at Caesars Palace, the dining and shopping options are worth a visit. The Forum Shops is a huge indoor mall of stores and restaurants under a blue sky. It's an experience to see at least once and take in the architecture, statues, and animatronic performance at the large fountain. For eating at Caesars, Bacchanal is the current "it" buffet with lines and prices that will make you wonder if "it" is really worth it. There are dozens of other options including chains like The Palm, Spago, Joe's Seafood, Cheesecake Factory, and such. Other name restaurants to consider are Guy Savoy, Nobu, Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill, and Gordon Ramsey's Pub.Obviously, Caesars Palace is much more than a casino. The gaming areas are relatively clean and smoke-free. Slot machines seem everywhere or sit down to play poker or blackjack for awhile.Self-parking is free in the structure behind Caesars while valet is convenient (except when they are busy). Because Caesars Palace is in the heart of the Las Vegas strip, it is convenient to the Bellagio, Paris, Cosmopolitan, Mirage, Treasure Island, and the Venetian.Caesars Palace has remained remarkably relevant for over 50 years. Even though it isn't among the elite hotel resorts in Vegas, the "Spartacus meets Rodeo Drive" vibe is well maintained with plenty of attractions, restaurants, and shops to attract visitors and guests.
3	I so wanted this to be a good experience... But it wasn't.We arrived at Caesars and were placed in the Forum tower in a non-smoking room which was very run down for how much we'd paid for it. There were scratches and marks all over the TV cabinet, the room was very dark and we had a view of the back car park. Unfortunately I fell ill on the second day of our stay so had to call a Doctor to the room. The receptionist promised to call the company to send one out ASAP, we waiting three hours with no word so called back... She hadn't called the Doctor because she'd misunderstood something I'd said.We also had a guest moved in next door to us who was a chain smoker, filling our room with the foul aroma of fresh cigarette smoke. When we complained the hotel offered to switch our rooms which, although worked out well in the end, seemed really ridiculous considering we'd been in our apartment for two nights already and they were aware that I was deathly ill.On saying that, when we did get moved (to the Augusta Tower) we were given an entire non-smoking floor and an absolutely breathtaking room... why we weren't given this to begin with, I don't know, as we were informed it was slightly less than the one we paid for.The ambience on the Casino floor and helpfulness of the staff was top notch. The restaurants second to none and the overall out of hotel experience was wonderful.Come party and gamble here, DON'T stay here.
1	Do Not stay at Caesars Palace when the Cinemacon event is going on.   We stayed there during the event and our room was shaby, and the service staff  was really slow.   The room they gave us,  the bathroom sink was plugged up, the faucet was dripping which was a minor problem, and the toilet handle was broken. I complaint to the manager at 10am and the problem wasn't fix until 5pm, plus there were no available rooms to change nor upgrade.  Avoid staying at Caesars Palace during the Cinemacon event, go stay other beautiful hotels near by.
1	I would just hope that my room and blankets would be cleaned BEFORE I check into our room. So disappointed to take the purple blanket off the bed to find "leftovers" from the last couple stay!
1	Caesars, what's with the constant checking of our IDs? I understand we're not dressed in either cheap clubbing outfits from Old Navy or Forever 21, or that we weren't drunken morons just dropping money carelessly. I understand that we're just gamblers trying to play a card game without having every new dealer ask us for IDs. I understand that we were just dressed in a shirt and jeans. And I do understand that we're all well into our 30s and into his 40s and haven't been carded in a while.Maybe it was our small stack that made you ask questions. But you see, at a $5 table, a stack of $200 should be acceptable. The stack of $5000 by the whale next to us is better suited for a higher limit table. But I know that's why you paid more attention to him and wanted him to win and showed us no care at all.This same story followed me and my friends to Bally's; another Harrah's property. Just bad taste. The Harrah's properties have all been going downhill, and now crappy customer treatment seems to be their norm. I'll stay away and give my business to MGM properties instead. Stay classy Harrah's.
5	One of my favorite casinos. Home of my favorite buffet and other restaurants I enjoy dining at. Nike town is also located here. Huge two story of nike products. H & M which 3 stories. Infamous forum shops filled with tourist and locals. Huge statues all over the casino. I bring my family here all time because my son loves the large aquarium next to Cheesecake Factory. He'll just sit there and play with the fishes for hours. Can't come here without thinking of The Hangover movie lol. check it out. It has a lot to offer for the whole family.
3	Stayed here for a work conference and had a nice time overall. We were upgraded to a better suite that overlooked the Bellagio fountains which was nice. The downside was that we got to hear all the road noise, but the A/C muffled those sounds.Staff is super friendly and accommodating to your needs - just ask and they will see what they can do. The room itself was spacious and comfortable with a few different seating/lounge areas to relax.The hotel offers so many restaurant and shopping options that you don't have to leave. This is nice when you want to get out and see things but not in the masses out on the Strip.The gym was an extra $25 per day, which I skipped. I took a look around and thought I could put the money to better use elsewhere, and ran outside instead. The pool was a great place to relax and get some sun, and relative peace and quiet.You can't go wrong here. A solid choice.
3	Stayed at the hotel with my husband for a Christmas week. Nice clean hotel. Very pretty pool area. We stayed at the Palace Tower with a pretty cool view at the pool area. Big bathroom with 2 sinks, huge mirror, jacuzzi , big glass shower and toilet in the separate room. Big room with king bad, bar, sitting area with sofa and chairs. Hallway with big closet, and special area for girls to get ready (loved it!). Totally worth the money.What I didnt like was:-too many families with kids (kids and Vegas doesnt go together)-hard to find smth to eat at 4am within the hotel  (come on, its Vegas!!!)
1	Upon arrival, we were greeted by a robotic-monotonic valet guy and front desk worker. Weird!We had reserved a room with a view and two beds. Instead, we received a stinky motel-looking room in the Roman tower because we checked in at 1a. Accordingly to the robot workers, rooms are not guaranteed and based upon availability. I'm a faithful guest of The Venetian and Palazzo, but had heard great things about Caeser's Hotel, so I ventured out this weekend! What a terrible mistake...These people don't believe in customer service! I'm appalled! I will not be returning to this hotel! My first and last time here.
4	Always love staying at  Caesars Palace because:-All the rooms are updated and very nice with plenty of room.-Room views are really nice either being the pool or strip.-Check in is very fast-Plenty of services available on siteBad:Valet sucks
1	I do not recommend this hotel at all. I frequent Las Vegas a lot and have never had such a horrible experience. The staff is ridiculously rude especially the Valet. They told me the lot was full and then took the car behind me. Turns out he is a diamond card member just as I am. When I confronted the man he backtracked.Our room had to be switched once and the room we stayed in was like a Motel 6. The TV didn't work and that was after we discovered we had no remote. Do not stay here! Any other Caesars location is better.
5	After visiting Vegas many times in the past few years, I have decided to book a room at Caesars Palaces. It was pricey, since we stayed during spring break week. As a matter of fact, their room is always pricey. We stayed in the Octavius Tower.Since there aren't a lot of Caesars Palace room tour on YouTube, I've decided to take matter into my own hand and recorded a full room tour for you guys to check out. So here's the video of the Octavius Luxury Tower room.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiS8qBRL6kMThe room is very spacious and looks pretty high-end.The bathroom has 2 fancy sinks and a very larger shower. It also has a big tub with few jet nozzles. and of course a little tv in the bathroom when you wash your face or put on make-up.I've also recorded a Full Tour of the Pool area. So here's the full video on that:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCxBgc0ATfkThere are a total of 5 pools that I counted when I was there. Looks pretty neat. I don't think they have a hot Jacuzzi/spa. I do have to say that the pool is heated.The only thing I didn't like is that they now tack on a mandatory Resort fee of $25. I think they started adding resort fee last year in February. So if you guys are planning on staying at Casesars Palace and want to see what the room looks like before you guys book. Here's a full tour of Octavius Tower Room:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiS8qBRL6kM
4	OK, I will admit, I am not a big fan of Vegas. The smoking and gambling is not my scene and I find most of the hotels over the top and kitschy. I do like the shows and love the restaurants. One of the hotels that I have always enjoyed coming to is Caesars. It is kitschy too but maybe it is because it was one of the hotels that left an impression on me when I came here when I was much younger and it makes me nostalgic. Also helps that not everything smells of smoke.
1	DO NOT LET THEM PUT YOU IN ROMAN TOWER!  Unless, of course, sleeping in an ashtray sounds appealing.  The rooms are tired.  Not clean... and overwhelmingly smell of cigarette smoke.I am so sad of this pathetic experience... I anticipated I would like Ceasars.
3	We had a king room in the Palace Tower.  Very nice diggs!   Super clean and nicely appointed.  We were pleasantly surprised to find a swimming pool sized jacuzzi tub in our room.  That's a good thing because with something like 4-5 pools that Caesars has, I didn't spot a jacuzzi anywhere. The bed was awesome.  Very high quality linens and fluffy pillows made for an awesome nights sleep.  (Well that coupled with the fact that I was up waayy past my bedtime every night we were here)!   Housekeeping was very nice and made quick work of cleaning the room.  We had to wait for about 15 minutes for her to finish.  This place is spendy.  There is no two ways to say it.  $8.00 for a Coors Light by the pool.  Cocktails were like $16.00.   Never in my life have I paid $16 for a chicken quesadilla.  And for the close to $300 a night, I probably wouldn't return.  Harrahs Entertainment has a really good deal for its Buffets... $49 gets you a 24 hour pass to ALL of its buffets.  That's right- you can dine at Caesars for Breakfast, Paris for brunch, Flamingo for Lunch, Rio for Dinner and Ballys for a late night snack...
3	Just spent few days at this hotel. Room was not the cleanest one and the bed was not that comfortable. Beer py the pool 11$ mojito like 16$ but very delicious french fries 8$ . Pools were awesome. The casino space felt very small compared to other hotels. I love slot machines but had not much to choose from. If you want to stay here be readdy to spend a lot of extra $. Dont even try to open mini fridge in the room cause ull be charged for it fast. Staff was very nice.
5	Attended the show for Elton John....great place!  I don't think anyone could sound bad in the Coliseum.  This place is beautiful.  Easy to get into and comfortable seating.
5	Ok, I just reviewed Paris but I can't forget to review Caesar's.. Here we go, you guys have to definitely sign up for total rewards because from all the rewards on the strip, Ceasars entertainment is the most generous . I've had M Life spent thousands of dollars on hotels and shows and I still don't get comped like I do at Ceasars. I finally made it to Pearl at M Life stayed on all the properties, ate all the buffets, went to all the cirque soleil shows and I still don't get anything for free. But at Ceasars just the first couple of months I was already comped the basic rooms. Now a diamond holder, I get free show tickets like rod stewart, celine..and the new britney spears show. They always put us in augustus tower beautiful rooms with view of the strip. Vip valet, vip lounge for easy check in, text messages when your room is ready..they treat you like a whale even though i'm far from throwing a hundred grand a hand. Thank you Ceasars ent. Last word of advice don't book the roman towers it will turn you off caesars palace.
4	A few friends got together and arranged a getaway for my birthday since I hadn't really done anything in a while to celebrate. One of my friends is a high roller out in Vegas and is either Diamond or Platinum so she gave us her hookups for a free room here in the Octavius tower which is a new addition to this property.We were arriving late and not able to meet her to get the keys so she left them at the front desk under our name. Should have been easy peasy but when we arrived to pick them up they first wanted our IDs - no big deal so we handed them over. Then they noticed we weren't really anything special and didn't have a Total Rewards card so they wanted to give us a regular room. Um no. So we asked for a manager. The manager gave us some issues so we finally called my friend and she called them, gave them hell and magically we had keys and an extra night to spend, plus some dining credits. Woohoo!The room itself was fabulous and so was the wait staff etc. Beyond the checkin issues, we really loved having the luxury of the upscale room. The beds were AMAZING!! I had the best sleep of my life and that's saying a lot because I can hardly sleep in hotels but this was just fabulous. We also had an awesome bathroom with dual sinks so that we could both have our own space and sink areas and plenty of room for the both of us to just indulge and enjoy vegas.
5	This place is awesome.No tiger in my bathroom this trip, but fun fun fun.I stayed here for 3 nights and had a blast.  The service is amazing and the location could not be better.  My room in the Augustus tower was very nice with everything you could want.  I had to wait for the buffet however it was just amazing.  The mushroom truffle soup was to die for.If you are going to Vegas, try to stay here, you will be very happy.
5	I usually stay at the Paris which I love but decided to try Caesars. I had a very large room in the Augustus tower. It had very comfy king size bed. Lots of room to spread out and great view of the Bellagio fountain show. Water pressure was great in shower and the towels were right size and fluffiness for my taste.  I am hardly in my room so as long as bed is good and shower good I am happy! I don't like people in my room so I always skip maid service. Check in was easy in diamond line and lady very nice.
3	Ok so the suite was nice with the jetted tub, etc.  My main issues was with billing and customer service.  Since the billing issue so overshadows the stay I would be careful to stay here again.Let me explain and you decide:I left my debit for the deposit on the room...3 days later total was charged on my debit card! What makes this worse is that the room was already paid for so they charged for the room twice.  It took 4 days to get my money back from Caesars.  Learn from my mistake and use a credit card for your deposit card for your room.  Luckily I had the cash to cover it in my account or I would have been broke for 4 days waiting for my refund from here.
4	I absolutely love this place!! The shops inside the Palace are the best! There is literally every type of place to shop at from super pricey and chic to cheap and fun! They have great restaurant options which I love!! There is never a dull moment when I go. The scenery is great to check out and the casino is always poppin!!
4	Not a bad hotel to stay in at all. Lovely rooms.  But make sure you ask for a tower that's connected/close to the front desk or else you'll be walking forever to your room.
1	Had a less than enjoyable stay at Caesars Palace. Smokey room, dated everything, and poor customer service. Gambling odds were not great, but that is to be expected at any casino. Just so happens, won elsewhere, lost here. The shops are nothing to write home about. Rather stay at a Wynn property.
3	ok after I wrote my last review they offered us 2 free nights . it was like the one we had long ago so it was pretty good. but was getting pretty old.but we had to fly out there again round trip.we stayed the 2 days there and stayed the rest of the time at rio.
4	Number two isn't a bad place to be, and Caesar's is my 2nd favorite hotel on the Strip. I stayed here for a conference a few years ago and had a great room with a terrific shower.  The pool was awesome as well and staff were friendly.  There were a ton of dining options, lots of shopping and the place was clean and didn't stink like smoke like some of the other casinos.If I came back on personal vacation, I'd definitely stay here.
1	Worst casino ever. I book a comp 5 nights at Lauren collection tower , I even check in on email on date of arrival.  When I arrive they did a switch and bait and gave me the old tower which is dirtier than a motel 6.  I didn't fly from ny to get this type of service n quality. I ask them next 2 days if they can switch room , they can't help. So I cxl my rest nights and got myself comp room at MGM. Even the cheapest room at MGM looks 10x and update them Cesar.  At Cesar casino the valet is a mile work from the room or check in so having kids with stroller is terrible experience. I would never go to Cesar again. They will lose customer
1	I WAS ROBBED WHILE IN THE ROOM!!!  Caesars Entertainment  They have stillnot explained or cooperated to help with an investigation!!!  Here's thelatest letter I sent to them...CCMSI - Caesars Entertainment   Incident DL20140545435Las Vegas NV      Metro Case LLV140318002623      5-6-2014To whom it may concern,I am writing this in regards to a stay we had at the Quad Resort on3-18-2014.  Our locked room was entered that night while we slept.  Suitcaseand many other items were taken, all which can be replaced.The real issue here is that someone must have had a Master key to get pastthe lock.  This is a scary fact the more you think about it.Security took a report, I filed a police report and they asked if there wasany video surveillance.  Well I called and have asked that 4 different timeswith no answer to this day.  Do you really care about getting my stuff back?I was sent a letter from CCMSI, called as requested to Barbara Humphries, Iwas told that an adjuster would call me within 48 hours.  A week later Icalled back that they still hadn't called.  Barbara said that rarely happensand that they would be in touch in a day or two.  I did get a call finallyand was asked the same questions as security had reported and was told theywould send a letter in a week.  Well it had been at least a month so I called 4-30 to Barbara again, sheforwarded the call and I left a message.  As of 5-5 still no call back, so Ileft a message where we started with the Quad risk management and of courseRT Germain passed it on to Michelle Stackland which has not gotten back tome.  What's new...You know the personal property that we lost is not the problem, it's the wayyou have gone about handling a bad situation.  No explanations, no help,nothing but avoiding and passing the problem on.I've been a Diamond card player at Harrah's for well over 10 yearsconsecutively and will certainly not attempt to play at any affiliated placevery much in the future.  I deserve to know how they got in the room, wasthere video and what was done to try and mitigate the problem.You have definitely lost a long time customer and I have already toldfriends and associates' what happen in Vegas and how it's been handled.Obviously you don't care!SWK
4	Huge hotel! It just goes on forever! Loved the shadow girl lounge. Had myself a Cosmo and watched a great show. Haha servers weren't too bad either ;p
3	Cesars is a nice hotel & they sure has grown over the years. The mall is a big attraction for shoppers. Can't say that its one of my favorite casino's to hang out & gamble in. There's not a lot of tables or slot machines compared to other hotels on the strip. They have some really nice rooms, more in the newer towers but it's gotten so expensive to stay there. Room rates are ridiculous!! It's a great location on the strip where there are other hotels & attractions within walking distance. Not sure if the buffet has changed over the past several years but when I went with some friends in town I was so embarrassed!! Smallest buffet I've ever seen & couldn't believe it. Was soooo disappointed with it!
5	The whole start of this get-together with friends was a disaster, but was vastly improved by our experience at Caesars Palace! When my friend called me to tell me that he had missed his flight (mind you he had already had to cancel five days of this trip due to a very important job interview that came up at the last minute), he was freaked out because 1) the room was under his name, and 2) one of his friends that was coming up (whom I didn't know) was already in the air. Upon calling Caesar's, they said that I could simply add my name onto the room so we could check-in on time, provided that I give them a credit card of mine upon arrival. Perfect! So everything goes as planned until I get to the room ... As soon as I open the room door, a rather funky odor hit me hard ... upon entering, I find that the room they had assigned me had not been cleaned from the previous guests' stay, and the odor was really bad in there, the vent was hanging open, there were bottles everywhere and towels were strewn everywhere, so I called down to the front and calmly informed them on the situation. They placed me on a brief hold while they tried to make sense of everything because apparently according to the system I wasn't even assigned that room, or any room! The woman helping me told me to go back to the front desk and ask for a supervisor. I did so, and they were also confused when they looked in the system. They asked who helped me earlier, and of course the gentleman that initially helped me wasn't in the front, so Alex (shout-out to the young lady who was assisting me) apologized for the inconvenience, and proceeded to upgrade us to a room with two queens as well as upgrade us to the Palace Tower. This tower and room were MUCH nicer than the original (and spoiled us for the rest of the trip!). Everyone there was very pleasant, courteous, professional, and helpful! I will definitely be staying here again, as the location is good, the hotel is on the nicer end, and the staff just made everything that much better. I will admit that this will be a little more expensive than some of the other hotels along the strip, but honestly, when we switched to another hotel for the last few days of our trip, we wished we had been back at Caesar's, and we actually DID spend more time at Caesar's and the casinos near there than the places on the south side of the strip, which is where we relocated to (the Monte Carlo to be exact, which I will be posting about as well). Check-in time was a bit long, but upon reading reviews on all the casinos, I know that is inevitable. A little patience and courtesy goes a long way. I had to do A LOT of walking back and forth during this ordeal, but that was just good exercise. I wasn't impatient with anyone helping me, as I know customer service very well. Again, Alex at the front desk was VERY helpful. I've read reviews where guests gets angry and hateful at people and places, but that negativity is just unnecessary in this world, and sometimes people need to chill out, step-back, and just relax. All I know is the service here was top-notch and because of that, this hotel will be at the top of my list next time friends are in town.
4	Beautiful hotel. Superior service. Great restaurants. Just a bit crowded. But loved everything about it.
1	Worst experience in a hotel ever. First, they nickel and dime you about checking in early. Once we did checkin, we were greeted by an unclean room. We found an Advil on the floor and a dinner roll under the TV stand. Also, the bell hop had us carry our own luggage off of the luggage cart. Then we discovered that the sink was clogged. When we complained about the shitty room, nothing was resolved after 6 hrs. Then when we got back to our room, a couple was given our room. They freakin' had key cards that could open our room!Update: Guest services was not understanding at all. They kept trying to put us on hold or tell us that they'll call back. But we had already lost faith since the plumbing and dinner roll situation had not been resolved over an 8 hr period. They also invalidated our existing room keys while we were in the room before giving us a new room. We did not pay this much money to be homeless in Vegas.
5	Oh, the spendor! Oh, the shameless decadence! Oh, the near-nudity! I love this place and all its debauchery. I like to spend hours marveling at the decor, shopping, and high-stakes gambling. My less-than-ever-impressed buddy was disgusted with Caesars, which made me like it even more. I would live her, if I could. Its that fun.
4	So we came here for a very short visit to check the place out. We stopped at the bar and the bartender was awesome. I wanted something with blueberry so he got creative and concocted a drink with blueberry stoli, st germain, sprite, and probably a few other things. It was great! The hotel itself was gorgeous. I loved the architecture.
1	Caesar's was recommended by a member of our group. He stays there often when he goes to Vegas. After this stay he apologized profusely and never wants to go back.We arrived around 1pm and were given the option to pay $25 to check in immediately or wait until 3 for the room to be cleaned. We waited.We checked in at 3 to find our room hadn't been cleaned and the bell hop had us carry our bags from the service elevator. In the room, we found assorted trash (medicine and old key cards) and food left under the furniture. The front desk offered us a $50 drink comp and promised to clean the room. We gladly took it and headed to the pool.At the pool, we found toilet paper and other assorted trash in the water by the blackjack tables. Be extremely careful entering the pool a member of our party slipped on the stairs and about 30 minutes later another  hotel patron slipped no the same stairs. Luckily, neither was severely hurt.  After 1.5 hours we returned to the room to find the assorted trash removed (we had piled it next to the tv stand) but the old food remained. We again asked the front desk to help. First, they asked if it was our food (we'd spent less then 30 minutes in the room at this point) and then asked for the exact location so house keeping could remove it in the next 10 to 15 minutes. They also offered to comp all our drinks at the pool. Over the next 1.5 hours while we prepped for dinner, house keeping never arrived.While prepping for dinner we found that using one sink would cause the other sink to fill with dirty water. Again they assured us that maintenance would be right up (10 to 15 minutes) to correct the problem. Maintenance hadn't showed when we left for dinner an hour later. When we returned they told us we were changing rooms. The old food was still in the room and the sinks were still clogging. Again, we were told the bell hop would be right up. The bell hop never came. While we were waiting, another group had been given keys to our room and our keys were deactivated. 1.5 hours after we were told the bell hop would be "right up" the room change actually occurred. The room change occurred at 1230 am after a visit to the front desk when we needed to be up at 7 am for flights. For the trouble, we were promised that all our drinks would be comped, a $50 food voucher (for breakfast), an upgraded room, and $50 off our original rate.Supervisor Jonathan Grant was extremely helpful in finally remedying the situation. If the story ended here, this would likely be a 3 star review. However, our problems continued the following morning.When we tried to use the $50 voucher for breakfast we were told we couldn't charge anything to the room as Caesar's had listed the room as cash only, even though there is a $200 hold on my card. We ended up paying for breakfast ourselves and headed back to the front desk to fix the situation. At the front desk we were promptly told by Supervisor MacKinzie Sherlock that Caesar's would not be honoring the comps we had been promised and would only remove the drink charges and $35 of our breakfast. Having spent roughly 1/3 of our stay speaking with the front desk and needing to leave for the airport we simply checked out.All in all my Caesar's experience was way below my expectations. If you're looking to stay on the strip near Caesar's, just stay at the Bellagio where I've stayed multiple times with no issues. Chances are I'll never go back to Caesar's and have already changed hotels for a large bachelor party in September.
4	I like it here coz i won some money at the 1cent slot machine.And they have a Sex and the City slot machine that's like super entertaining.And because it's still nice and huge and i know it's been on the strip for years.And the shops.. You gotta love the shops.Oh. location is prime.
2	Ok so I really wanted to love Caesars... and my experience here was not bad. In fact, the guy who checked us in was very friendly and actually upgraded our room . However, I was with a large group of ladies attending a conference, so we had several different rooms and everyone checking in separately . One member of our party was the last to arrive and was given a smoking room when she asked for a non smoking room . She went back down to talk to the people in the front desk and they told her that it was " too bad" and a non smoking room was not guaranteed . She explained how she could not be in a smoking room because of her eyes, nose , throat etc. and asked to speak to a manager . The guy replies " there's no one here higher than me ." Needless to say, after over an hour of arguing, they did finally move her . All our party was on the 5th floor with spacious rooms and a spa tub . She was given a tiny room in a completely separate tower on the 59th floor with only a shower- no spa tub . Also, upon arrival she noticed the phone in the room did not work - nice way to avoid a complaint to the front desk huh ?!Unfortunately, it doesn't end there . We attended the last day of our conference , which was IN Caesars and ended at 12. We all asked for a late check out . Everything went smoothly for everyone -except our person in floor 59! She went up to the separate tower to floor 59 to find that they had reset her key. She had to go all the way back down to the front desk and have them reissue a room key ! It's such a sad day when a place whose whole existence is due to customer service and they can treat people so horribly !
4	I never stayed here but I have tried their spa and I must say it's really nice and love love love their spa area. It's cleaned and once your in there you feel like your in a different world then Vegas. I highly recommend this Spa to anyone!!!
4	My stay at the Vegas Caesars Palace , excellent venue Beautiful in fact , the architecture in this hotel and casino is breath taking , the rooms are also very nice of high class scale I've been in better but the room i was in was top of the line , the service was good considering the long wait time it toke to get my room ready , 3hrs , and the buffet the food was very good but also very pricey $162. for three and they did not accept my $120. food comp not a good way to do business the service was very poor , no greeting and no smile , and i was told i didn't have to wait because i am a VIP but was told this after we waited 2 hrs , and it seemed that all the personal where reading out of the same book of rudeness as if they hated their job . I did meet a very nice young lady in one of the shops going to my room she had a perfect attitude so on my way out at check out time i bought a small bust of Apollo very nice ladies working in this shop , the parking is in the back and a long way to walk but beauty is every where , i did enjoy my stay three nights of exploring .
1	Never again. My room was filthy; there was a earplug on the floor, mold in the shower a black mark on the sheet and a rip in another sheet. The floor behind the bathroom door was dirty and had hair that was not mine which I found out when the shower leaked literally all over floor and I had to clean it up. The ironing board wouldn't stand up, the alarm clock went off at 6:30 am and I realized while I was trying to turn it off that it was filthy. Housekeeping was nice on the phone and replaced the ironing board and alarm clock but nothing else was cleaned or fixed. They nickel and dime for everything, if you pick something up from the mini bar for more than 20 seconds you get charged. There is a soda machine on the floor but it wasn't working. In order to get to the Palace Tower you have run a gamut of shops with very aggressive sales clerks standing in the doorways calling out invitations to come see their goods, reminds me of TIjuana. I left a nightgown hanging in the bathroom when I checked never to be found again. Housekeeping theft at Caesars?! Wow, it really has lost all its class. If I could give it negative stars I would.
4	This hotel is huge (just like other hotels on the strip). We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite in the palace towers that had a view of the pool. The bathrooms are clean and the beds are SUPER comfy. Lots of high end complimentary toiletries from the spa. Location is centrally located. The hotel is across the street from Bellagio and the Cromwell hotel. We were also allowed to do a 4pm late checkout! Hotel stadd is very attentive and professional and made sure we enjoyed out stay. Will be coming back here again the future! Just wished that they had more slot machines!
3	The rooms are great.The casino is great.The buffet is worth the price.The spa is exceptional.What I still never got an answer about was the over $900.00 in credit card authorizations that were on my card for over 5 days. We checked out 06/06/14 and I still have one authorization on my card. I am continually told that "it will drop off", "there is nothing we can do about it now", "oh, I am not certain how that came to be.". Our room was comp'd and yes, I understand the original authorization for $200.00 for incidentals and the $28.00 daily resort fee. They were in crazy individual amounts ($134.95, $21.25, etc.)Same thing happened when we dined in Mesa in this hotel on 06/05/14. We charged our dinner, which was $194.00 before tip. Our bill with tip came to $244.00. Our card was authorized for both amount. The charge of $244.00 was officially charged to our card on 06/09/14. As of this morning, the hotel authorization and the mesa grill authorization (for $194.00) are still on my card.Really? No one in a multi-billion dollar establishment can explain this to me? Not the front desk, the VIP front desk or the accounting office?I say again...really?
1	Jonathon the "manager" who was early 20's at best had a real attitude.  Lied to us on check in about our room.  Even called security although we were calm and he wasn't.  Hmm. Not ever would we come back.
1	There was a new problem daily with my room 1 day a flooded bathroom floor in the morning and the jetted tub spewing out a hairball and stopping in the same eve. The hotel continued to charge me $200/nite and refused to discount my stay. I will never stay here again or book a client. Their is No Hospitality here!
1	Internet didn't work. Walls are paper thin. guest services checked us out without asking despite a promise for late checkout. Pretty shitty hotel experience despite it's reputation
5	Gorgeous casino! I cant wait to go back! Beautiful statues and architecture...and who doesn't love the huge mall inside with the sky ceilling!
1	Went to the pool, as a local and someone working in hospitality im appalled by the lack of service. Waited 20 mins before seeing a cocktail waitress and she said she was going home. After another 25 minutes we had to flag down a server to order a bottle of water and soda. Its almost 7pm and still no drinks. I hope they dont charge the room for something i didnt receive. It wasnt too hot today but if it was july/aug i wouldve died from dehydration by now. This is suppose to be the flagship property of Caesars Entertainment?
1	Do NOT EVER consider staying at one of the Caesar's Entertainment properties. If you are injured and it is their fault, they turn you over to CCMSI which is their 3rd party adjuster and they NEVER have any intention of repaying you for your costs associated with the injury. My grandmother, my mom, myself and two others stayed in a suite at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas from June 18 to June 22, 2012.The morning we were to leave, my 84 year old grandmother entered the restroom and fell into the wall hitting her head. There was water totally covering the floor due to a cracked toilet. She had out of pocket expenses associated with her testing and follow up care. There is a two year statute of limitations to recoup your expenses. She and my mom talked with the claim adjuster on a regular basis. Cannon Cochran Management Services, Inc. (CCMSI) first adjuster was Joy Van Riper. She was replaced by Doug Buchanan in 2014. Ms. Riper stated her client, Planet Hollywood and Caesar's Entertainment was responsible for the water in the restroom due to a cracked toilet and they would reimburse my grandmother for her expenses. Doug Buchanan confirmed this fact to my mom.We were told in writing her claim would be settled June 3 or 4 of this year, 2014. On June 5' my mom called Doug Buchanan and was told he FORGOT to have my mom sign a form for Medicare to release her records to them. It was explained that CCMSI had to repay Medicare for the part they paid on my grandmother's bills.Finally today when my mom and brother kept calling them, Doug finally told my brother he should file a lawsuit, there would be NO settlement. My uncle asked Doug if he enjoyed taking money from 84 year olds. He said, "That's my job." Wow...such arrogance and so sad for all the people that stay at a Caesar's Entertainment property.We called Doug Buchanan's supervisor, Josie. She told me she advised us to file a lawsuit. We have exactly one day, June 20 since the statute runs out Sunday. We live in Texas.So I guess the mob is still alive and well at Caesar's Entertainment and CCMSI. This is so sad and illegal since they are defrauding YOU as YOU had to help pay my grandmother's medical bills through Medicare and it was THEIR admitted fault and not yours.PLEASE, NEVER stay at a Caesar's property because if you get hurt, they will NOT help. Their properties include Caesar's Palace, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Bally's, Harrah's, The Quad, Rio, and the Flamingo in Las Vegas. They own others around the country. Please help spread the word about them taking advantage of the elderly and defrauding the U S Government through Medicare fraud. We will not rest until there is justice for my grandmother.
2	Requested a fountain view room in the Augustus tower 6 months in advance and still didn't get it. Currently looking at a bunch of run down buildings inside Caesars. Disappointing to say the least...your "checking in" system for first come first serve views is ABSURD. I can request a view 6 months out but someone who books yesterday and "checks in" before me can get it the same way? That's ridiculous.Edit after stay- bath tub blowers were broke as well as a lamp switch that didn't allow one of the bigger lamps to light. Also was unaware that the resort fee doesn't include wifi as we were tried to be charged $15 per day for wifi! This was free for us when we stayed at the Cosmo 2 days prior to this stay. We'll definitely just be staying at the Cosmo for our whole trip next year.
5	Caesars palace is a Las Vegas icon. It is a true Las Vegas Mega Resort. You can spend your entire vacation at Caesars Palace and never run out of things to do. Still one of the best casino/hotel in Las Vegas Caesars Palace offers unlimited entertainment opportunities.The property consists of Nightclubs, Bars, Lounges, restaurants, shopping, gambling, conventions areas, concerts, shows, and much more. There is a beautiful pool area and there is the Qua Spa. The casino is huge and the staff is very friendly. The suites are amazing and they have nice views of the strip. The Nobu tower is a recent addition to the property.Everyone should stay here at least once. You will definitely enjoy your stay.
5	Overall this is now my favorite hotel in Vegas for several reasons.   Location, price, room, and spa.   We enjoyed our stay and will be back in Aug 2014.  Room was clean and great view of strip.  Central location you can walk right on to the strip.  Hugh spa very relaxing, and decent price for room we got.
1	SO disappointed in Caesar's Palace this trip!Our trip was going really well, until one morning! We had spent the night gambling, so we didn't wake up for awhile the next day. When we did wake up, we heard strange noises in our bathroom! I got out of bed to realize, THERE HAD BEEN BLACK GUNK AND GOO SPLATTERING OUT OF THE DRAIN FROM OUR SINK! talk about disgusting! We hurried to remove our things from the area before it had splattered onto our tooth brushes and toiletries! There was BLACK WATER AND HAIR THAT CAME FROM THE DRAIN OF THE SINK!SO disappointed in what happened next.We called the  front desk to let them know what was going on, and they told us that they would be sending up a mechanic right away! He told us that he had been unclogging the drain from a different tower, which is why stuff was coming up from our sink. He unclogged our sink, then called someone to come and sanitize the sinks. As he left, he asked us if it was okay to move the do not disturb sign from the outside of the room, to the inside of the room, which we agreed to! He told us that if we left that on, housekeeping would probably ignore us.By then, we just wanted to take showers, get ready to enjoy our vacation....but 20 minutes later, noone came by.....so we called front desk, and they said they put a rush on it........ another 20 minutes went by...noone came by... THE PERSON ON THE PHONE SAID "YOU DON'T HAVE TO WAIT IN THE ROOM" yeah... WE COULDNT EVEN GET READY. WHAT DO THEY EXPECT? US TO WALK AROUND UNWASHED AND UNCLEAN? they might do that on their spare time, but we don't enjoy doing that!! so we called the front desk and they said after the rush, it usually takes 30 minutes....so we waited 15 minutes, then called back again. By then, we were so frustrated because we just wanted to go out on our vacation! We asked to speak with a manager, which she said would call us later tonight, we asked to speak with a supervisor, they were on the phone. SEEMED LIKE ALL THE MANAGEMENT WAS BUSY. Some more time went by, and we were just extremely frustrated. The only reason why I got off the phone was because they had told me that the someone was coming directly to the room. I specifically asked, "SO YOU'RE SAYING, SOMEONE IS COMING DIRECTLY TO OUR ROOM TO SANITIZE THE MESS?" she said yes. it might take a few minutes to go up the elevator, but someone is coming right away" GUESS WHAT. THEY DID NOT. WE GO TO CAESAR'S PALACE BECAUSE IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE ONE OF THE HIGHEND HOTELS, BUT CLEARLY THAT IS NOT THE CASE ANYMORE.I called front desk again, and finally got to speak with a manager. She told me "there should be a housekeeper knocking on your door right now." nope...no one knocked....She told me that she would call back in 5 minutes to make sure someone came. We heard someone outside our door, and we saw it was the manager of housekeeping. SHE TOLD US THAT THAT WAS THE FIRST CALL SHE HAD GOTTEN. we literally called housekeeping 5 times, and she tells me that it was the first call she got. are you serious?! The manager called back and said the reason why noone came earlier was because there was a do not disturb sign on the door. ARE YOU SERIOUS!? i told her the mechanic specifically told us to take out off, and he was the one that moved it into the inside of our room.... and she said "the housekeeper said that there was one there, which is why noone came." ARE YOU SERIOUSSSSSS WHAT A LIEEEEEE. if you're going to lie to save yourself, you should at least have a reasonable lie. This manager was SUCH a joke!!!I asked her, why did someone tell us someone was coming right away but noone came? She said "i don't have an answer for that. I can't tell you why noone came"I asked her if she was blaming us for noone coming because of the do not disturb sign that was not hanging outside? she said "No I am not. That's not what I'm trying to say." Okay...then why did you say your housekeeper said it was there when it wasnt?"I asked her why the housekeeping manager had said this was the first call when it should have  been the 5th call. She said "the Housekeeping manager is wrong and she had no idea what she was talking about"OBVIOUSLY THE HOUSEKEEPING MANAGER DID NOT KNOW WHAT WAS GOING ON BECAUSE SHE HAD NOT BEEN CALLED.This manager offered us 50$ food credit to caesars. WHAT A JOKE. 50$ WAS NOT WORTH WASTING OUR VACATION JUST SITTING AROUND OUR HOTEL ROOM BEING GROSS, HUNGRY, AND DIRTY! she then offered us 75$. I wanted to tell her to shove it. Have you seen the prices for Caesar's food? LIKE HAVE YOU? WHAT A JOKE. this alsjfl;sakdjfla;skdjfl;kj this hotel has now become a joke to me. I'll be applying for an M Card now. Thanks but no thanks.ALSO,  the floor we were on was nonsmoking, but our room reeked of smoke, and even had an ash tray sitting on the table...nonsmoking my ass...
2	Holly crap Cesar would roll over in his grave if he knew what kind of motel in Las Vegas has his name on it. I did not think twice about booking a room here due to the reputation, location, and of course The Hangover. I was appalled to discover how disgusting the rooms were. I am not even exaggerating when I say that you would find higher cleaning standards at a Motel 6. This place made The Excalibur seem royal. We switched rooms three times because of the lack of cleanliness. Missing sheets, dirty everything, when we had to pick up the phone to call the front desk it was covered in some kind of gunk. They really need to get their act together.
1	So surprised about the quality of this hotel! Stayed at many of the top Vegas hotels and wanted to try Caesars. Based on the price we paid and Caesars reputation, I was expecting to treat myself to luxury. Instead I got a clogged shower, no shower pressure, and $8 coffees with no coffee maker in my room.  The rooms need to be updated, felt so old and grungy. I agree with one of the reviews that a Motel 6 would be cleaner. I forgot my makeup remover towelettes and used their washcloth to remove my makeup, ended up getting pink eye! One evening, we requested directions from one of the employees to a restaurant. They gave us the wrong directions, and we wasted over an hour getting back to the right location. When I notified management of the person I spoke to, they said it was not their problem because it wasn't their employee, but a person who rented space from them. Super long check in line, and a couple people just cut in front of me. When I asked about this, I was just brushed off. Obviously they have severe plumbing problems based on reviews I see as I'm writing this one. When I complained about the clogged shower and lack of water pressure, their response of course was: "We've never had a complaint like that before"    Won't be going back there for sure!
5	Everything about this trip was perfect hands down , on our hotel of course ceasars palace , we stayed on the augustus tower  I love how they have there own check in totally worth it no line perfect service they really treat you like royalty , I'm really speaking the truth I had a bellagio fountain view it's breathtaking and perfect , did I mention VIP parking too  I'm hoping to try the Octavius tower next trip, but all I have to say it's I had the best experience ever :)
5	We had a stopover and saw a show here while on a road trip.  My husband booked a room on Priceline because they take dogs.  He later found that the dog fee is an additional $75 per dog, per day.  He tried to cancel and had trouble so we kept the reservation.  The room was only $69 per night and the dog fee was more than that.  It was somewhat frustrating.  I am so happy that he was not able to cancel.  The room was luxurious and very spacious.  There were 2 comfy beds with nice bedding.  A floor to ceiling view of the strip and nice seating area were other perks of the room.  They delivered two dog dishes, treats, baggies, a mat and door tag(Dog Inside) shortly after our arrival.  They had a very small turf area for the dogs to relieve themselves.  It had an umbrella and a large water dish, it is hot in Vegas this time of year!  It was so nice and weird to be walking through a hotel/casino with two Boxers.  The hotel staff was very friendly and happy to see the dogs.  We had a great night and are refreshed and ready to get on the road.  I will definitely stay here again and I can bring my dogs!
1	Last time I'm staying at this hotel.  The wifi is not free and the gym is not free they charge $25 a day to use their gym.  This hotel doesn't compare to Venittian.  Don't waste your money to stay at this hotel.  Very poor customer service.
1	Casino only... one dealer skipped my action three times.  Next dealer couldn't remember the bets and quibble over $2, when he was in the wrong. Then he started touching chips like he was about to end the hand. Of course, reminding him I was still in the hand encouraged others to fold.  Same dealer short changed an all-in bet after a re-raise. I played for more than 2 hours and was never asked about drink service.  Horrible service! I really expected better.
5	The best place!It was so fantastic! The service was good and the room was nice and clean!Thumbs up
4	The shopping area was a great place to seek AC and get out of the sun.  The only bad part that I didn't like about the shopping area was the escalator to the 3 floors.  Whoever designed it, purposely made you walk way around the other side past the other stores to entice you to buy something. The statue show over by the Cheesecake Factory is boring!  Don't waste your time.
1	Seriously I have never imagined myself joining yelp to write a review.DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL EVER!!!!!I am a frequent Las Vegas traveller. I have been to several hotels on the strip. I try to use different hotel ever time I go to experience differently.This time, I chose Cesar's Palace because of their package deal with Celine Dion show and the room. When I made the reservation over the phone, they forced me to get an expensive room with an excuse of a package deal. When I asked them about the daily rate and the concert ticket price, they told me that they do not know the break down of the package. Yet, they told me to get a more expensive room... DuhSince the package deal was cheaper than getting their cheapest room and the concert tickets seperately, I agreed  to purchase the deal.So I arrived at 8am, found out the room was not ready. They told me they are highly occupied that I have to wait. GUESS WHAT??!! I WAITED FOR 8 HOURS!!!!! 8 F* HOURS! After a long tired trip, my family had no other place  to go but to stay in our car!!!! I took an alternative room with a single bed when I reserved for two queen beds because my family were too tired!!!! I asked for a free roller bed which they agreed. They said they would deliver immediately. HOWEVER "IMMEDIATELY" MEANT 3 HOURS AND 1 COMPLAINT CALL FOR CESARS PALACE!!!!!The best is yet to come; CELINE DION SHOW GOT CANCELLED WITOUT ANY NOTICE. They told me all tickets will be refunded. Since I purchased one of my 3 tickets with the front desk, the box office told me that I need to back to them. So on the following day, which was my check-out day, I told the front desk about the ticket refund as I was checking out. The front desk told me that I need to talk to box office, which I did. Then the box office told me to talk to the front desk again. None of them knew how to process the refund for 2 tickets purchased through package and 1 ticket purchased at the front desk.Back at the front desk, I asked to this one representative for the break down of my package deal. Then he gave me another copy of the room use summary which I received as I checked out. I asked him to give me the breakdown of the package again however he doesn't understand again. Instead he ORDERS me to listen to him that he is going to explain all. Then he starts to explain the room usage break down doing simple mathematics as he is a teacher. How arrogant and  stupid.That's when I got just furious!!! Not only he is not understanding, he was too arrogant!!!! Every time I tried to ask for what I wanted, he would just order me to listen. When my volume raised up little bit, he orders me to quite down that if not, he would call the security. I COULD NOT BELIEVE THAT A CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE AT A HIGH-END HOTEL THREATENING THEIR CUSTOMER!!!!!Here is my recommendation to all of you looking to purchase a package deal from Caesars. JUST WISH THAT YOUR RESERVED SHOW WILL BE ON AIR OTHERWISE YOU JUST HAVE LOST YOUR HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS!!!!!
2	This weekend was the second time I had stayed at Caesar's in the space of a month. I am a total rewards member and I go to Vegas about 5 or 6 times a year. I think the whole hotel is quite nice and the service is decent except for the front desk! On my earlier stay about three weeks ago I had gone to speak to someone at reception to make sure I wasn't being double charged for the resort fees and the man at reception who was actually quite polite had called over his supervisor to answer the question as he was unsure. He was completely rude to me and I had to walk away because I was just shocked at the attitude of a "supervisor".So on my most recent stay I was staying in the Augustus tower and when I had checked in I had asked for a room facing the Bellagio. No problem so far.... My wife and I get up to the room and we can't get in and the room was facing the wrong side. I went downstairs got in the huge line again and was then told several times by the gentleman at reception that it was probably because I had put the room card by my phone to which I replied that cannot be the case as I was holding it the whole time. He was having none of it and making out like I was lying. Once he checked the card he realized that they had actually put in the wrong room number on the card and it was there mistake. When I asked to get moved to a Bellagio facing room I was told it was not possible as I had checked in 2 hours ago..... hmmmm strange... All I had done was walk to the room and back and I was being told I had been there for two hours. I tried to explain that was not the case to which he said he would "call" to ask. No idea who he would need to call, I am sure that is something they can checl on the the computer screen but he said no. The rest of my stay was fine and I think the hotel has everything you can want but the fact the people at reception are so rude just starts your trip on a bad note.
3	Overall I'd say Caesar's is a nice resort and casino. The staff is friendly and the casino is clean and not smoky. The shopping is high end if that's what you're looking for and plenty of it.The only negative is the room we were given. We we're in Roman Tower which is the oldest and you can tell. Even in a suite room we had carpet that was stained and about 20 years old. The furniture was a mix of the last 3 decades and the mattress was worn out and springy. It definitely needs some updating for being a top tier Vegas resort. We had two staff members who said they had never been in our room before. I think it's time management visits the 6th floor at least.
1	NEVER take to upgrade offer - They cheat on you to get away...We booked 4 Deluxe rooms with 2 queen beds in Augustus Tower and check-in at 4:00PM.We have 3 room ready but only with 1 queen bed and they roll in extra single bed.The last on they want us to wait for 1 hour and will be upgraded to the "Suite" in the Forum Tower, we are so excited so we accept the offer. After 1 hour without getting any call from them, we come to the reception and get the key to the Forum Tower. We did not expect that they cheat us so we just take the key and roll our luggage all the way to the Forum Tower. Get in and very surprise that the room is very small with the low ceiling and call the receptionist right away. They roll in the single bed but there is no room for us to move around after getting that extra bed in.Call the receptionist and their answer get us upset: "We guaranty you to have a room to stay but at the moment we have no other room to exchange and may be... tomorrow we will give you another room." We check the hotel website and see that we did pay higher for the Augustus room with 2 beds ($20.00 more than the Augustus room with 1 bed) and we get the cheapest room in Forum ($100.00 less than what we pay). Ask to talk to the manager but no one is available...Roll our luggage back the registration area and waiting for another hour then they finally give us the Octavius room with 2 beds after we just stand there complaining to them. We did get the room after 3hours 30 minutes and all our plan had to be changed...We are all tired waiting...and definitely think again when we want to book anything at Caesar Palace in the future.
2	Drinks are overpriced.  I wouldn't mind paying $11 for a small bloody Mary if it was decent, but it was not even decent /: came to try and have bacchanal buffet, but the wait was 3.5 hrs.  That's outrageous.  Forget it.. And my bf and I hate the layout of the casino.  It's confusing.
5	kind hard to parking in holidays
3	Pros: Excellent staff service, strip location, cleanliness.Cons: Mattresses are what you'd expect to find in a cheap hotel.Third time in Vegas, first at Caesers. Booked non-smoking, gave us smoking and room had a hole in the wall. Eh. Staff was very courteous, hotel was clean. Doesn't seem like  large casino compared to the other hotels. They say they give you free wifi, but when you try to sign in, you see there's a charge to your room (=confusing), didn't end up using it . Tried food at Central - excellent, Bacchanal buffet: over-priced and over-rated. Can't say I'd re-book there.
3	Ill give it a couple of stars do to the fact there is alot to do HOWEVER We valet parked ( taking parents to ramsays. ) closer to the planet Hollywood area and not alot of sign age direction to casino we got lost about 4 times and was about ready to head out. While yes there is a directory they need to change the sign color or something either have the business in side the casino separate plaque or have single Large signs directing  you to the casino.Also the casino floor layout is bad -- i.e 1 $ 2$ slot games mixed in with 25 cent and penny slots, and then realizing after you go past the pus.cat doll poker room or what ever that was that there is a complete penny room adjacent from the exit room. We nearly walked to whole back side of that casino and ramsay's is tucked all the way in the back we where thinking about going to another restaurant due to the fact. Me personally I wont be back the casino floor was really tight on a Friday -- I didn't win nothing not even a dickie bird ha. Get some better signage and also they need to work on there floor cleaning pick up I saw alot of beer bottles, plastic cups, etc. overall impression was meh. If I wanted to go old school I would stay in Fremont.
4	I've always enjoy staying at Caesars in the Augustus tower.  The rooms are spacious with a beautiful view.The Venus pool is great, live DJ, great drinks and food.The Forum shop is great for the non- gambler.  Great shops for shoppers!  Nice restaurant to dine at.  The hotel display the roman goddesses, great picture setting.  One of my fav hotel to stay at.
4	Very beautiful resort filled with roman statues, fountains, columns, etc. The architecture is beautiful and I was very impressed with the curving escalators. There's lots to do in here and there is a little bit for everyone (shopping, restaurants,   etc) to enjoy.
1	This review is only for the valet parking service at caesar's palace. I left my car with the valet parking service. The guy who took my car seemed ok. The Asian girl who brought me my car has no business being a valet. I drive a 2013 Toyota Prius which is one of the most common cars on the road. She screeched my tires and said she couldn't find my brakes. A Toyota Prius is so common. She acted like she's never seen or driven one before. If that's the case, Caesar's should train their valets or give a basic test when hiring valets. When I drove off, I noticed the incompetent valet popped open my hood.
2	Not a fan of this hotel except the buffet and the Forum Shops. Staff unfriendly, rooms old, plumbing problems and bad atmosphere. Can't understand why people would stay here instead of the Bellagio.
5	I love this casino. We went there to gamble and it was so much fun. I don't know when you walk in it just feels different. Next time I will stay there.
1	The room or pretty decent, but their WiFi policy is INSANE.  $25/day PER device.  I sucked it up and paid for my work laptop, and then determined it was $25 more for my iPad and $25 more for iPhone.  Absolutely ridiculous.
5	Fabulous!! One can spend their entire trip in this hotel without ever venturing out in the heat. The decor is impeccable, the service is 5 stars, pools are numerous and elegant and restaurants are top notch. Whatever your craving or desires to fulfill any one of the 7 deadly sins - this is the hotel!! PS - also good for kids
1	A year later... Unreturned phone calls and count less voicemails.  Only 15% of the cost of my stolen watch has been recovered.  I'm still shocked at what a scam this hotel and spa is.  Oh, they did comp my massage. After all, I was being robbed while getting it.  Which I had to ask for btw.BEWARE!!!  While getting a massage, a spa attendant broke in to my locker and stole my $4,500 Baume & Mercier watch. I've learned from other people that their staff targets people all the time and robs them. Finally a third party company gave me $700, hardly enough for a watch that cost $4,500. Caesars and their management could care less.
5	I never stayed at the hotel, but I did visit. The shopping mall is out of this world. It is definitely on my to-do list.
5	Caesars is world class. Gorgeous, spacious, clean rooms. A variety of exceptional dining options. Forum Shops to get your spend on. Venus pool is top notch--stiff drinks, great music, and beautiful ladies letting their girls breathe. Central strip location can't be beat and the casino speaks for itself. I'll only stay at Caesars, Bellagio, or Cosmo.Addressing some of the ridiculous negative reviews...sounds like a lot of poors overshot their spending capabilities. Yeah, if you stay in the Roman Tower it is going to be dated. That's why your rate was cheap. Packages? Please. Be lucky you aren't in Excalibur, NYNY, or the Motel Six where you belong. Get a suite, stay in Augustus or Octavious, and stop whining. This is Vegas, not Make-a-Wish. And the slip and falls...no one gives a crap. Who is Yelping and thinking "hmm...I wonder where Caesars farms out its insurance liability for slip & falls?" No one. That's who.If you have money and like nice things, Caesars is for you. If you're a poor and booked some sort of package deal or got a $150 rate in the Roman Tower and think you're in The Hangover, you get what you deserve.
5	***Best location, best value and had FUN!!!***I have been to quite a few hotels on the strip, but felt I got more for my dollar at Caesar's Place!  I automatically got an upgrade because my daughter was celebrating her 21st birthday and so we went from the forum tower to the palace tower (room 2216) and had a wonderful view of the pools (Garden of the Gods) and mountains.  From the palace tower elevators is the pool entrance and enjoyed the easy cabana layout.  They do have a topless pool which is the longer pool by the Palace tower.  The pool environment was wonderful for all ages!The first stop was Payard Patisserie and Bistro, where every 15 minutes a chocolate comes out of the machine that was delicious!  There was also Serendipity3 which has the old fashion "drugstore" sundaes...strong suggestion, try it!!! Yum!!!I didn't get to see any entertainment but as of July 2014, there is Celine Dion, Shania Twain (which has her own store) Rod Stewart and my favorite Elton John!The only bar I sat down was the Seahorse lounge, it was an experience to drink by the big circular fish tank with the vibrant colors!Another go to place is the "Forum Shops" that takes you through all the beautiful stores and of course the entertainment with the statues.  This is where everyone seems to like to hang out besides the casino!!If you go by the parking lot elevators, there you will see some of the "Hangover" movie memorabilia, which always gives me a giggle to ask  "Does Caesar live here"? :)The total rewards system is great, it can follow you through out your casino experience as well as you can dine out at their other properties (which I did at Paris) and bill it to your room.  Bonus!!!My experience might be a little different than most, I stayed from Sunday to Monday night and used their discount deal from Facebook, so the weekend might run a little hectic, and more people want upgrades, you know the drill, but be patient, it is always worth it!!!
1	Very unprofessional to cancel a concert 30 mins before the show is about to start. Won't even comp anything for us even though we're out $1000 for the room,gas, and food to get here. Trying to get us to pay for another room for tomorrow nights show even though they know damn good and well that the show tomorrow will be cancelled tomorrow as well. We are very very disappointed.
4	Great hotel.   It has a delicious buffet and the hotel is conveniently located across from Bally's and Bellagio.  It has great shops as well to escape the heat during the day.
3	Caesars might have been poppin' once, but it's past it's prime now. We got our reservations from booking.com, which came out to be pretty cheap for 300/2 nights.Pros: - 5 different pools! With a pretty cool and hidden dayclub- a nice upgrade to the top floor with pool views for only 40 bucks- Munchbar was delicious and they had areas for watching the Kings gameCons: - not the crowd we were looking for. Mostly older people - the casino is lacking some games which we had to go to surrounding hotels for - inattentive staff. The iron and MP3 player in our room weren't working so we gave them a call and they said they'll send replacements up. 3 hours later we called again and they said the same thing. Again. We didn't end up getting the replacements for another 2 hours. Bottom line : splurge and go stay at the Cosmo, Aria or Cromwell.
4	If you are looking for a place to stay, I would suggest this place! Have to admit, I am giving this place a decent rating because one, My girl pals and I got to stay here for free. Got to love how all her times at the tables has its perks! So we checked in here and it was actually a pretty quick process and after 9 hours in the car, I was quite relieved.     Our room was clean, smelled decent, and we had an excellent view! We had 2 bathrooms that connected which , with 4 girls, is a PLUS. Our room was amazing and I was quite pleased of how well kept it was. Trust me, just because its a nicer hotel, doesn't mean its going to look its best all the time. Any ways, for the night life, this place is pretty packed. Only distaste is the constant smell of cigarette smoke and of course the creepy pervy old men. Strange but I guess normal in Vegas, we had people stop us and offer us free drinks at the bars/night life in the hotel since we were "good looking." Who can say no to free drinks? Well I would when a creepy old guy followed me for a good twenty minutes. Thought I would have to beat him with my heels if he got close enough. LOL.    Lines for the club at the hotel are lonnnnnggg, however if you are a set of women, you will probably get in quick. (Sorry guys!!!) and there is constantly a flow of people wherever you go. Also people with crazy looking drinks just walking around. I def. liked the fact that there were plenty of places to walk to for food or just to check out and the taxi service was also excellent. Fun times!
2	First entering Cesar's palace was amazing. Check In was great - Garon upgrade our room (because they didn't have any double queens - they over booked themselves) and this was the start. My roommate and I had a great time in Vegas ate at Rao's. Great Italian food, but when we got back to our room...we didn't expect what was going to happen.It is 1:00AM in the morning. People are trying to get in our room. WHAT!!!1:15 another person knocks on our door asking if we need a bed, no covered...1:30 a family of three with security is trying to get in the room - if the deadbolt wasn't locked or we were out...what would have happened. SOOO Unsettling. We opened the door and they were shocked to see people were in it.2:00AM Unsettling to leave we settled in for the night.Next morning - My credit card company sends me an e-mail saying my account was low...what? Cesar's put a $1318.88 hold on my account! ARE YOU KIDDING!!!! No one told us that. $1318.88!!!! Seriously. No one told us.Front desk was not helpful. I'm very disappointed. Mandalay Bay - Aria - Palazzo - Bellagio - Mirage - Even Stratosphere. I would choose these places over Cesar's. I'm so disappointed, I was so excited to stay there, don't think I will do that again.
1	We got to our room and it was a mess. The plugs didn't work and there was a bottle soda that someone left behind on the floor. No refrigerator, no coffee maker and no bed skirts so you could see the mattress. The shower gel seemed to be used and the lamp didn't work. I don't know it wasn't what I expected. Stay way from room 678.
4	Had a blast,  the  room was great, the service was great, the pool was great and although I have been to Vegas a number of times,  this trip by far was fab!Friends and family from Florida, Chicago, New York & Cal meeting up in sin city to have a sinful good time.I know I will go back, but not sure I will stay at Ceasars again, but it's not because of bad service, but because I like trying out different spots.
2	I lived that I got a good room rate, I understood that there were resort fees. I liked that there was online check-in. Here's the WARNING - don't accept the $25 early check-in. It's says they will notify you when the room is ready before you get there. I did not receive a notification. When I arrived at 2p I went to the desk and was told they had a room available. I asked if I was going to be charged for the early check-in from online and the guy said no. On checkout, it is on my bill. I called, explained and Javier said that's the way it is because I got the room before 4pm. No discussion, that's the rules. For $25 I won't be back here. Venetian is way better with guest services and a much fresher hotel.
5	I was so impressed w their buffet! Everything tasted amazing, their was so many different things to eat, we went for breakfast and lunch combined. They had a fresh seafood bar w real lobster and crab claws, shrimp n grits, chicken n waffles, red velvet pancakes, specialty French toast, 3 different kinds of bacon including turkey bacon, Mexican themed breakfast, a full cheese and meats selections, full area of Asian foods from steam buns, sashimi, and on and on!! Organic juices great customer service from the waiters and waitresses it was easy tip $20. Coming here will mandatory when coming to Vegas!!
1	So, I work a lot, and when I go on vacation (which is very rare) and spend my hard earned money.... the places where I spend my money should normally provide things that one expects when going on 'vacation'..... a normal vacation is a pleasurable experience, that's all.Our room was nice and we did get a free upgrade, which was really cool.  But that tells me that they are hurting for business and had an excess of rooms on a weekend.  Now I know why they had plenty of rooms on a weekend.I go to Vegas for the pool experiences, which at Caesar's is a total FAIL.  They have two pools right next to each other which both play different music.  In one ear you get crappy country music and in the other you get 3AM deep house.  Being at the pool at Caesars, felt like being torn in half by dueling lions in the Roman Coliseum.  Instead of providing towels when you enter, a strait jacket would be more appropriate, since that is what you will need when you leave.And the food ?  Two stale dry falafel wraps, two average tasting bloody Mary's and two tap waters... which took 45 mins to get.....  $78 .. So, basically while be tortured by nails on a chalk board, you get food that I wouldn't give to my dog .. and fork over $$$$ for it at the same time.And best of all, they already know there is a problem.!   When I politely asked about the music issue to the waitress, she said..' ya, good thing you are not sitting over there, closer between the two speakers... I don't know how those people do it over there'... she then put her finger to her head like a gun and went 'POW'.It's basically the classic example of how a corporate mentality has ruined Vegas and the right hand does not even know there is a left hand.  Different departments, directors, managers (located in Kansas, New York or whatever) all with TPS Reports and not one of them has come down to see or experience first-hand what they have created ...  let alone have the balls to do anything about it.  They don't have a clue that they are torturing their customers or spend the time to think through how to run a hotel and provide a pleasurable experience.NEXT.
1	first time staying here.. this is a nice hotel but they get one star because of all the bull crap we had to go through.. first of all.. it took a long time to check in.. they messed up on our reservations.. we were suppose to get a junior suite with a pull out.. once we got to the room.. it was pretty much a regular room.. we made due.. they also SAID! that they were going to switch our room the next day.. we did call in the morning and the room was of course not ready.. the only good thing was the bellhop.. kept me entertained while all this was getting sorted out.. also!!!! the valet guy did not give us a valet ticket which of course we didnt notice till we were going to check out.. oh yea also they told us valet was full when we got there without asking if we were checking in.. so we had to go all the way to the back.. and that valet guy told us that we should go back to the front. sigh!
1	So i'm not a person to write bad reviews but my experience this past weekend is warranted for a review.I've stayed here at Caesar's once before and had absolutely no issues and that's exactly why I chose to stay here again.First off I usually book my rooms online and never call to book my reservations but this time I decided to. the first person I spoke with said the room I wanted  was sold out and then gave me prices for the different rooms available. I told her i'd talk it over with my boyfriend & I would call back. Maybe 5 minutes later I speak to a different representative & she stated the information the previous rep gave me was invalid, & to make matters worse the prices I was quoted were had over $100 difference. In short I got the room I wanted at the price I was originally quoted. Upon check-in after receiving our room keys we went upstairs and opened the door and there were people's things in the room, so we had to go all the way back downstairs to fix the issue, come to find the lady who checked us in gave us the wrong room number. Then back upstairs we went.So like I said I've stayed here before & did not understand why OUR room had no door for the bathroom.. I mean I don't really need the privacy with my boyfriend but when it comes to using the restroom particularly #2 a door would have been nice.THEN, there was a dried blood like stain on the sheets. I mean I haven't had this bad of an experience even in a cheaper hotel or motel.AND no free Wi-Fi!!! are you kidding me, after a $28 resort fee per night you still can't offer that to your guests!?I did ask for late check out for all the inconveniences & they still couldn't give me that!Last thing that I didn't appreciate was that after we had spent $$ at places Caesar's owns the woman who checked us out gave us a coupon book we couldn't even use because we were leaving. Weren't they supposed to hand us that during check in?However the only thing I enjoyed here was room service. The food was great!Anyways it's not like I'm never gonna stay at a Caesar's entertainment property every again, but this experience sucked so bad!!
5	My husband and me stayed there for one night on my bday. At check in I asked the receptionist if they have special birthday deals for spa or anything else and he said no, but instead he upgraded our room to the suit with hot tub and said now there is no need to go to spa :) and that was absolutely free! We enjoyed our stay at Caesars palace. The pools are amazing. The hotel itself and casino are very beautiful! Lots of food places and fine shops. Next time will choose this hotel again.
4	I give Caesar's 4 stars because every time I come here I am always amazed at how beautiful the property is. The casino, exterior property, and Garden of the Gods pool area are IMHO, the most impressively designed of all the Vegas hotels. I mean the Cosmopolitan is awesome too, but I just love the Ancient Rome motif at Caesars. The Bacchanal Buffet is my favorite buffet in Vegas. I personally have always had great service from the staff and that is one reason why I keep coming back.  This last trip,  I stayed in a room in the Roman Tower. It was a small room but very clean. I was nervous at first because you could clearly see that the center of the mattress was noticeably sunken in.  Ultimately the mattress was still comfortable and I'm pretty picky when it comes to a mattress. The room clearly had a bathroom redesign at some point. It had a large roman tub and a huge shower as well as double sink. There was one annoyance though... The bathroom had no door separating it from the rest of the room. Now I don't know about you, but I like a lil privacy when I'm dumping. This is especially true in Vegas where copious amounts of alcohol and buffet food can add up to some pretty tragic dumps. LOL. I keep no secrets from my wife, who was staying with me, but I don't want her to keep the door open when she's dumping and I'm quite sure she feels the same way about me. For the love of God.... Caesars, when you remodel a bathroom, don't forget to put the freakin door back on.Other than that, my stay at Caesars was enjoyable yet again and I will be back.
4	Very cool place!
2	Stayed as Caesars Sunday and Monday of this week for business.  We checked in on Sunday early, upgraded to the palace tower so they waived the early check in fee.  Room looked clean, changed and we went to the pool.At the pool: ready to spend some $$ on drinks and food since work didn't start until Monday, took 3 different requests to different people for a menu.  Finally, a server came over and we received great service once we ordered (approx 45 minutes to get a menu and order).  Went to the room and I wanted to use the bath / jacuzzi (paid for the upgrade so yes!).  Had to wash it with a washcloth and shower gel because it wasn't clean (sparing you the details).  Went to dinner at Nobu - Noriko was our server and was super AWESOME!Went to the tiny little lounge that has a ship - Cleopatra's lounge. Good DJ, fun!Went to the room.  Pillows smelled like they were a billion years old and sweaty.  Bed is SUPER uncomfortable.  Slept with no pillow.Next day, called housekeeping and requested they replace the four pillows. Not just the cases.  Came back to the room at midnight and the pillows smelled. No change.  Called housekeeping and 15 minutes later they brought two - not four pillows like I had requested since I wanted them all replaced.  They had to go get me two more.  Then they had not replaced all of the towels we had on the floor. They took them but didn't replace all if them. Plus, they didn't replace all of the amenities.Not staying ever again.  Ever.
5	Stayed at Caesars Palace for a weekend, and it was a blast. I stayed in the Octavius tower, and the decor is very modern. Our room had a very nice view of the pool. The beds are very comfortable, too. I also used their gym, which is decent. They do need a few more benches for bench press, but other than that the gym is clean and well maintained. I definitely recommend Caesars to anyone looking for a nice hotel in Vegas.
4	Just came back from Vegas. Stayed at Caesar's. Room was beautiful, Venus pool was OK. Went to drai's rooftop pool across the street at the Cromwell, got free admission, drinks were priceythough. At caesars staff were very good and prices were reasonable. Went to the bacchanal buffet for dinner it's 50 ahead but sooo good and so many options. I would recommend Caesar's it's pretty cool and central. Just the no free wifi was a pain for me. So it's really a 3.5 star for me but still I would return.
5	So I'm a Vegas regular for sure and I would say this is in the top three hotels to stay at in Vegas! Very classy and elegant. The forum shops are amazing and the forum itself is beautiful. The rooms are good sized and always clean. I would defiantly recommend this hotel!
4	After our night at the LVH (read my review), we moved over here because the Boyfriend has a near-unhealthy fascination with the movie "The Hangover."Since we had the renal car, we needed to drive from one hotel to the other. This is normally a very simple task but Las Vegas Blvd. was closed! After drying around in circles a couple of times, we called the front desk for help We got transferred to Security who told us exactly where we needed to go. We got to the parking garage in no time after that.When it was time to check in, the front desk staff was very friendly. I am not sure if they upgraded us by mistake but our $99 room was HUGE; it might have been bigger than our apartment. WE always asked for non-smoking rooms & even though the front desk assumed me the whole tower is non-smoking, I still smelled smoke periodically...wonder why.
5	I love this hotel, it has an amazing mall with lots of stores, its called the forum. i recommend all to check it out, they have a huge nike store with all the stuff you can think of. It's a great place for you and your kids to stroll around and check out!
4	On our arrival the bellman was OUTSTANDING, he told us what and where everything was on our way to our room. Our room in the Palace Tower was a mini suite, when we booked we got offered a buy up for a suite if available on check in, it was and what a steal for an extra $17 a night. So many great restaurants to choose from you could stay here and never go any where else but there are a couple of down sides, Starbucks was always understaffed no matter when we got there, peak breakfast rush one person making drinks and two ringing in orders with a line down the hallway. Central is a great breakfast option, food is good but it depends on your server, your wait could be a while. Payard is over priced poorly made classic french dishes, a total let down. We only stayed in house for dinner a couple of nights, Nobu is a DON'T miss, Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill was good food for a good price and the food court give alots of options but be warned it closes at 11pm. This  is the down side to Caesars, there is very little late night choices for food. We only encounter one member of staff on the Casino floor that truly stood out, Steve on the Craps table in the back near Gordon Ramsay's.  Over all this is a nice property but it would be so much better is the staff and the total experience lived up to the Caesar's name. We liked out stay and will visit the property again just not sure if we would stay here again.
5	I did not stay here but just the scenery alone is worth 5 stars. I took many pictures inside and outside this casino. There are also many cool shops inside as well. This casino is definably worth walking through.
2	I just got back from staying at Caesars Palace for 2 days for my birthday. My sister and I had stayed here before when Elton John was supposed to perform and he cancelled the morning of the concert. I thought that was pretty messed up, but decided to stay at Caesars again because the room was free. The ONLY reason I'm giving Caesars 2 stars is because the room was clean and the people that work there are pretty nice. Here are the things I did NOT like about Caesar and will never stay there again. No wifi? You have to pay $25.00 for wifi, they have wifi EVERYWHERE! Why in the hell should anyone pay for wifi? I thought that was a rip off! The other thing that sucked was they had bottled water in the room for $6.00 each. Down the hall where the vending machine is, the bottles are $3.00. It was the same exact water! The gambling there was SAD! Put the money in, nothing comes out. I finally went to other casino's to see if it were any better elsewhere. It wasn't. Okay the other thing that I was getting REALLY upset about was every time you walk down the hallway on the casino level there are these stores and the people working in the stores hassle you to take a sample. I finally just would look away and they'd call MADAM MADAM try our free samples. I feel that is SO tacky and I felt like I was being hassled every time I went down that way. It was very annoying!I didn't feel safe there. Many strange people looming around.It was not a very good experience. I went to MGM and they advertise that they have free wifi. So IF I ever go back to Vegas, I'll stay there. Any place but Caesars!
5	Stayed here for 4 days and 3 nights and loved it! We were supposed to stay in the Roman Tower but they upgraded us to the Palace Tower for free. The room was beautiful, clean and spacious. This hotel is on the strip and relatively close to everything else. I would definitely stay here again!
4	Love Caesar's Palace - right in the center of the strip, and has (almost) everything you need so that you don't need to leave. PROs:- Free self and valet parking- Pet friendly room options- Nobu Hotel and Restaurant- Forum Shops (anything from Sephora to H&M to Christian Louboutin)CONs:- No breakfast options besides Starbucks or the buffet- Sports Book area has limited seating- Lack of bars playing all sports games on for the bf- Small poker area compared to other casinos
4	Caesars Palace is one of the first casinos built on the strip.  I haven't ever stayed here but got the opportunity to experience it first hand when my cousins stayed here.  I've made pit stops at Serendipity 3 for frozen hot chocolate; this is a must!! Also had the buffet with the crab legs which is awesome.Spent time down at the pool which is a great; there is a ton of seating and three different pools plus the private pool.  Not a ton of shade so going in the middle of a summer day might be a little brutal.
1	Ah, Caesar's...you disappoint me. You're employee parking area on East Flamingo Road is always filthy! Everyone sees this as they drive or walk by and it's highly disgusting! Beer bottles, paper, escort cards...ICK!
1	The guy actually said we weren't in a smoking room, that it was "smoking optional."  My wife replied that she was glad it wasn't "smoking required."We finished our vacation at the Venetian where we had an incredible time....read below for the full story.I would go back to Caesars for the restaurants, and Forum Shops...which you don't need to stay there for.  I wouldn't stay there again.This all comes down to Customer Service.  I also gave them several chances to fix this and they didn't so I have no problem sharing here.  I booked a non-smoking room, at least six months in advance.When we arrived, they offered us an upgrade as soon as we got there.  Great...all seemed fine.  We get to our room and it smells like the last guest stomped out his/her Marlboro light just a couple of hours ago.We go down and tell them we reserved a non smoking room.  They tell us, they upgraded us to the Roman Tower, but that all non-smoking rooms were taken..."we're very sorry."  The guy actually said we weren't in a smoking room, that it was "smoking optional."  My wife replied that she was glad it wasn't "smoking required."Too make a long story short, they allegedly couldn't get us a non-smoking room until the next day.  The night manager told us to come back at 11am the next morning and they would give us a non-smoking room.  At 11am the manager on duty explained they couldn't give us a room until after 4pm, since no one had checked out yet.  That makes sense, but I was done with Caesar at this point...thousands of rooms in this hotel, even more in their sister properties and they couldn't find one non-smoking room.  They didn't even care to try...every answer, without even walking away from the desk, was..."sorry."We finished our vacation at the Venetian where we had an incredible time.
4	Great place to stay on The Strip!PARKING: Self-parking is sooo far away from the check-in! You're gonna get a good workout walking there. Should've done valet.ROOM: Stayed in the older tower, which smells like old vomit. Disgusting. The shops leading to the tower also smells, and across from the tower is the entrance to the pool, which also smells. Ughhhh every time I had to walk in that area, I tried to hold my breath because it was so bad! The room had a nice view of the pools, and it was very spacious! The bathroom had a shower stall, toilet, two sinks, and a jacuzzi! There was a nice vanity area in the room too. POOL: Suuuper nice pools! They have four pools and a bunch of seats to lay out in!OVERALL: Would come back, but would request to stay in the other tower!
5	My wife and I could not have been treated better.  The service was exceptional, the room was perfect, the hotel was beautiful. I will not stay anywhere else when in Vegas.  The pool area is over the top.  The clientele was a good mixture of young and not so young.  We had a terrific time.
3	I did not spend a night at this hotel so I can not really judge it, but based on what I have seen in the lobby I would not spend a night here. For one, there are reeking Smells in the hotel and secondly there is very unentertaining entertainment. But on the plus side it is located in a convenient location and has many nice restaurants in the lobby.
5	We had another great experience at this Casino?  We got the VIP treatment at a separate reservation desk.  A + customer service.
5	I have tried just about all the buffets in Vegas. And I would have to say the buffet at Ceasars is by far thee best. I thought how they give you the choice to warm up your crab legs in boiling water that totally brings out the flavor more. Oysters taste so fresh and yummy. They also have so so many other delicious foods to choose from. Wait times are usually 1 hr on weekends.
1	I've always liked Caesars but in the past year  we've had 2 bad experiences. The last time I wrote and explained our issues with our room and the response was great and the service the next time, as well as the room were great. This time we have a room where the shower is extremely small, set up with a folded seat for handicap accessibility and entire bathroom way below par!  The room is nice for a Quality Inn maybe, not for Caesars. The television is so small and old we can't read the guide from bed or seating. The room is underwhelming in decor and amenities. Very disappointed in the entire experience. I've heard others in our tower have very nice rooms.
3	The hotel facilities are very nice.  We got upgraded to the Augustus tower with a very nice view of the Bellagio fountain.  The pool is very big and nice as well.What was not great was the check in experience.  We got there to check in around 4 and were told our rooms were not ready.  They had no idea how long it was going to take for the rooms to be ready so we were told that they would call us when it was.  We checked back in about 2.5 hours later but with no luck.  After 4 hours, we checked with the front desk again and it was ready.  They didn't even call us.  They gave us an upgrade, but we would have rather got the rooms we paid for and check in on time, this ruined our plans for the evening.
5	We stayed in Caesars Palace on August 2014 for 2 days. We stayed in the Palace tower premium room with king bed (previously known as petite suite). In summary, we were very pleased with the entire experience.Parking:It is true!! Caesars Palace parking is quite big and very far from the main lobby, and even further away from the room you will end up staying. It will be much better to do vallet parking. Check-in:We checked in on Friday, so the line was quite long. However, they managed to take care everybody somewhat quick (under 30 min). They also offered us (and other customers) water while waiting to be served. The front desk was very friendly.Bathroom:Our bathroom was impressive. We had 2 sides of bathroom (supposedly, one for him and one for her), 2 toilet (one is regular... presumably for him, and one is accompanied with a bidet). One side of the bathroom has Jacuzzi bubble tub where you can relax yourself while getting bubble massage.Bedroom:The room decor was quite nice. Room area is spotless. Carpet was clean and vibrant. The king bed was very comfortable. Definitely, one of the most comfortable beds we've ever slept on. Our room was facing the pool. Thus, the window view is quite spectacular.One thing that caught my attention was how friendly the staff is..... from the front desk, room keeper, bellboy, etc. We definitely put Caesars Palace on our favorite Vegas hotel. It's Caesars Palace, you should not expect anything less.
1	Unnecessary  expensive , rude employees , our room smelled like a dead body , our towels had holes . With a money you pay you may go to better place .
2	My first time staying here. My husband got a three nights standard complimentary room at the Roman tower, a $125 credit for food or drinks plus $125 for gaming (blackjack or slot machines) I know it's free, but I was disappointed with their rooms I was expecting a lot nicer looking room than this for Caesar. The music from the street woke me up around 3am and didn't finish until 4:37am. We stayed at Bellagio (standard room) and it was way nicer.
2	We stayed here 08/16 - 08/20 and stayed in the Roman Tower. I WILL NOT STAY HERE AGAIN! this is a very old and tired building the rooms were dirty and the hallways show it's age! The main casino was nice, but bang for the buck the Cosmopolitan Is Much Nicer! Pool side drinks are 25.00 each and the pool closes early! We were so looking forward to this hotel, but unless you stay in the NOBU section you will be disappointed!
5	Stayed here in Aug 2014 and loved it. 1- the pool is awesome2- parking is huge, plentiful, and free3- rooms are nice, not super fancy but nice4- location is excellent 5- check in and check out is easy as can be6- service is excellent I'll stay here again and again
2	This flagship of Caesars Entertainment has seen better days.  The Corporation should change it's name back to Harrahs Entertainment because that is the quality you are now getting at Caesars Palace.  My wife and I are both Diamond Total Rewards players, we come to Caesars quite often from Florida.  The following is what we have experienced just the last 3 visits within a year; the bed box spring out of it's frame and refusing to fix it, broken heater, broken lamps, room not the cleanest, room requested not available(normal), mattress quality very inferior, and rude Casino Hosts.The Restaurants at Caesars are often quite busy, the quality is hit or miss at any one on any day, except for Mesa Grill, which has been excellent at every meal every time.
3	Caesars promotes the image of being classic and extravagant. It's certainly one of the largest and oldest casino/hotels on the strip and represents old-world charm. I got a free upgrade to the Augustus tower. It is one of the newer towers, so I expected it would have modern upgrades. Granted, the room has a spa tub and granite tile shower with a large shower head. However, Caesars fails to meet expectations by the small TV in the main room area, a tv in the bathroom that is not hooked to the same cable tv system as the main tv, a Keurig coffee make without any coffee supplies, and most importantly, a place where most hotels fail in this age of mobile devices, there is a huge lack of power outlet locations for charging devices. In Vegas, be ready to walk, and Caesars is no exception. The parking lot is far away and the forum shops are long stretches of mazes. Just because of where you are, expect to pay more. As if Starbucks coffee weren't expensive enough, Caesars Starbucks charges double the price in many cases. One thing I like about Caesars is that at the blackjack table, I can play two hands without having to bet double the minimum. Also, this is one of the few places that still shuffles by hand, giving you that mental break in between shoes. That's one classic part of Vegas they need to keep. The problem with many casinos is the shift to eye-candy dealers like their Pussycat Dolls blackjack area where they take away the players' margin of winning by paying blackjack at 6-to-5 instead of 3-to-2. Sure sometimes the dealers are nice to look at, but don't play at those tables.
1	Compared to other Hotels such as the Cosmopolitan in the area, this hotel rates poorly on all the following:+ Rooms: Dirty, old and dark - food found under the bed and toiletries remaining from the previous guest were found in the shower. Leading us to believe that the only thing that had been cleaned were the beds (or so we hoped). When addressing this with the staff they did nothing+Convenience: You will be charged a $200 room deposit that will take 5 - 7 business days to return. The Cosmopolitan is $150 and the funds are released immediately upon checkout. +Late Check Out: The latest you can check out is 12 pm, at the Cosmopolitan check out is 2 pm +Service: Staff will prioritize conversation among themselves vs. checking in guests. Check-in took 20 minutes with no one in line before us.We were just there over labor day weekend and the hotel was slow compared to other hotels in the area. If you are looking for good guest service, nice rooms, and the convenience of a late check out given that you are in Vegas, do not book at Caesar's palace.
1	Rooms are outdated and the restaurants Gordon's appears run down like the waitresses.
4	I loved this place! The mall is crazy cool! Old cars roped off on the first floor. Statues come to life ever 30 minutes or so. That is a must see! Freaked me out at first......lol! Loved it big time.
5	I didnt even stay in the rooms and this place was BOMB! lol I love vegas and all parts of the strip! Step dad took us here just to site see and I loved it...alitte to busy for comfort but like i said i didnt see the rooms just the shops plus it was a saturday! I wil be back for the rooms though ;)
1	Worst hotel I have ever stayed at in the context of customer orientation. 12$ for coffee pods in the room; 25$ for fitness center!!!??? Unbelievable in this day and age that Las Vegas in spite of such high volume of tourism still allows such atrocities by the hotels.  On top of it the hotel has become old and the hallways are stinky by the stores. Never will I stay here again.
3	I stopped by here the last time I was in Vegas because we went to eat at the Bacchanal Buffet. This casino is pretty big. I'm not really a fan of their layout as it is spaced out and there is a lot of waste space inside. They have a lot of table games located by the hotel lobby in a circle. They have more table games in the back end of their casino on the way to the shops, but the layout isn't that great to me. They have the forum shops located in the end of the casino. The forum shops have some free entertainment and food places as well. They have some shows there. I think when we went, Jerry Seinfeld was there. But it usually is Shania Twain or Elton John. They also have another show Absinthe there as well.They have Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill, which is decent. Serendipity is also in the front of the casino next to the strip. This place has a good location as it is walking distance to a lot of nearby casinos. I haven't stayed here in a while so I can really review the hotel itself. But the casino and restaurants are good. Good place to stop by if you've never been to vegas.
1	I made a reservation at this hotel a week ago through Booking.com. I found it through a Google search for "Vegas Hotels that allow Pets," because I have a dog.  When I made the reservation, I specified that I will have a small dog with me. In the interim, I received 3 emails from Ceasars. Not one mentioned the dog, so I thought I was all set. I was wrong. I tried checking in today, and the manager, Andrew Alicea, an arrogant, off-putting man, informed me that I will need to pay an additional $75 a night on top of my room charge, because I did not inform the hotel in advance that I will be bringing a dog. I told Andrew that I did --  I wrote it in the comments section. Andrew said those comments were read by Booking.com and not the hotel... I asked him how was I supposed to know that. He insisted that at the time of the reservation I should have booked a "pet friendly" room. It didn't matter that I had no idea that there was even an option of that ilk. I told Andrew I was leaving. At first, he said he couldn't rerun my money. Then, he actually looked at the reservation (first time that he did that), and said: "oh, I can rerun you. You were only charged for one night." I called my bank. I was charged for two nights. Now, I need to figure out how to get credit for the second night. And oh, yeah, I had to find another pet friendly hotel without an advanced reservation, and after driving into Vegas for 5 hours. Not fun.Follow up: I got a call from Andrew's supervisor, a Ms. Morales. She promised to give me a free dog friendly room for two nights whenever I returned to Vegas. I called her three weeks later. I also emailed. Never heard back. Nothing. Nada. Apparently, they seriously don't care about their guests...
3	This casino is really poorly designed! It was hard to find the casino when we came in off the boulevard. Had to ask directions twice. You would think they would want us to find the casino easily! Then tried to find a cocktail and several places were closed. A place with happy hour told us that we could only sit at the bar if we weren't eating. Finally found a place and the guy took our order and then said he didn't know how to make the drinks. Great resort for shops, just not for gambling or drinking. I guess 1 out of 3, ain't bad?
4	I like this hotel. It is old school and a bit upscale. They of course update things as required to stay up with the times. I like the Roman theme quite a bit, it still does not get old to me. The rooms are nice, especially if you get a suite. It was good sized, comfy and quiet when we wanted to sleep. The in house dining is quite good, as are the attached Forum Shops. The nightclub is great, other than the waiting to get in. You really can't go wrong here.
2	If it weren't for the trouble of my key this place would get a better rating. Both my key cards didn't work so I had to go back to the front desk. It was such a hassle because the room I was given was on the farther end of the hallway and dragging my heavy luggage wasn't all that great.
1	We arrived at Caesars with our three daughters and their boyfriends to get our 4 reserved rooms for our once a year family vacation.  Only one room was ready at 3:30pm, so all 8 of us hung out in that room.  By around 4:30 they finally brought us the keys to two more rooms.  We gave those rooms to our daughters.   My husband and I waited until almost 6pm (we arrived a before 1pm) and finally called down to see if our room was ready.  It was!  So I happily went down to pick up the keys.  Then I went upstairs, put the key in the door, and walked in on two people in bed.  Mortified, I apologized and left.  Went back down to the front desk and talked to the same incompetent woman who checked us in  and gave me the wrong key (Emma), and she didn't even know which room the was supposed to be our 4th room!  Asked for the manager (David), who was able to figure it all out.  Asked for the contact # of the head of the front desk staff, he told me a woman's name.  Then he gave me the contact info for a man (Tyler) instead because "the head woman is too hard to reach".  Got up to our room finally at almost 7pm and found a room that was smaller than the other 3 rooms and no king bed :(Very sorry start to our weekend.
5	Just saw the Matt goss show.  Wow!!!!    Talk about old school Vegas with a modern twist!!!   What a show.....people please See This show....worth every penny.  OMGosh.   The brother from across the pond Can sing!!!!
4	Caesars Palace is one if the largest and best known hotels in Vegas.  I have stayed here and it was lots fun.  Huge casino that actually has single deck black jack (the other is Hard Rock) forum shops are awesome and connected to Caesars.  Central on the strip and was great for us to gamble and sit in the sports book.  The rooms are pretty basic and reasonable.  I like Caesars, I love the Bellagio that is next door. Two different atmospheres, Caesars is more party mode.  It was perfect for the Vegas bachelor party I went on :) Sushi bar Hyakumi located across from Cleopatras Barge was pretty good but pricey,  the best news I have read is that the highly acclaimed Nobu brand brings the world's largest Nobu Restaurant space to Caesars Palace Las Vegas in the heart of Nobu Hotel. The 11,200 square foot dining area and adjacent lounge features a sushi bar, private dining area and circular central bar. It's also the only U.S. Nobu offering teppan tables. With a menu that pleases the most sophisticated of palates, feast on imported Asian and Japanese fish, imported seafood, sushi rolls and exotic delicacies. I love NOBU and there is one at Hard Rock, hard to believe another is just down the strip!!
4	This is another Caesars Entertainment property that is centrally located on the Strip. The hotel is huge, so expect to do some walking and exploring. There are multiple towers to the hotel some are closer to the casino, some to the pool, and some are closer to the meeting rooms,This can help if you are staying for business, pleasure, or both. The Palace Tower elevators have direct access to the meeting halls and pools, whereas the newer Octavius and Augustus Towers are near the pools but is farthest from the meeting halls. The Forum Tower is closest to the Colusseum but has no direct access to the pool or meeting halls without having to go through the casino.All that aside, the rooms are excellent. Comfortable beds and some of the best pillows I've put my head on. The showers are awesome (one of the things that I really think makes a hotel stand out) since most rooms have these dual head showers (over head rainfall and wide spray front showers). And the TV in the bathroom.There are plenty of food options, including room service. I will say this, if you are a foodie or just want to eat a lot, make sure to visit the Bacchnal Buffet. it is rated #1 by USA Today for a reason. The food is great, you have hundreds of selections from different cuisines, just be sure to wait at times since the line to go in may be up to an hour or more to get seated, unless you have a Diamond or Seven Stars players card.  As a local, I feel its a little overrated, but its a must try just to say you did it.Parking can be an issue, especially on the longer weekends during the summer or if there is a fight in town.  The self-parking may fill up and can be hard to find parking.  At times, even valet parking will become full and only Diamond or Seven Star cardholders may use the Valet.My recommendations for dining also includes the Gordon Ramsay Pub.  I have a separate review for their restaurants.
4	Tremendous hotel with a lot to offer. The Forum shops are unbelievable! The casino is just too busy and loud. It's a confusing place. Beautiful pool!
4	Contrary to what you may have heard... YES, Caesar's Palace IS pager friendly and also YES, Caesar DOES indeed live there. Had to... It's Vegas and the site of The Hangover. It's a must...It's been a while since I've stayed here but it's always been a nice one. Hard to beat Caesar's... It has everything. Several guest towers. Some newer and nicer than others. It has great dining options and in my opinion the best shopping destination still in Las Vegas with the Forum Shops. We were in town for a wedding actually taking place at one of the wedding chapels at Caesars Palace and it turns out, they do that rather well also... Caesars Palace really has it all and they do it well.My friends had a few rooms in the Augustus Tower at Caesars and I was really impressed. It's one of the newer towers and I see why people choose the Augustus to stay in. The rooms are nice and big with lots of space to walk around. The bathrooms are well appointed and has a separate toilet area enclosed by a door complete with phone.The view, from their rooms at least, was the lake of The Bellagio Hotel across the way and that was a different perspective. It was nice to see the water show from that side for once. But what I think is the cherry on top of staying at the Augustus Tower is that it has its own valet. That is such a luxury and one that's not lost on me as I always have a rental car when in town and I'm aware of the efficiency & ease of valeting at certain hotels. The Augustus Tower valet is a breeze. It's right there. Quick drop off, quick pick up. But I must say the main valet out front at Caesars is also very good despite it being such a huge resort and getting filled up often times. They've always accommodated me when I'm in a rush and need to valet and they are all filled up. I've never been turned away. I appreciate that and never forget it (tip well, of course). They'll remember you and you'll be taken care of during your stay for sure.I will definitely be staying at Caesars Palace on my future visits to Las Vegas and I for sure have my eyes on the Augustus Tower.
4	I love it here.  Everyone is happy and friendly. The pool was nice and relaxing. I ate at 5 different places.  Yummy at all 5. Love walking around the forum shops. It's just a happy place.  The cons of this place is the smell of smoke.  It seemed really strong. I had my kids with me. They had a blast.
2	Staying in the Palace Tower. Room smells like an ashtray. There was someone's moldy food in the minibar. No room in the minibar for your own stuff to keep cold. No free Wi-Fi. No new tech amenities. We went downstairs to have a nice drink and later a manager came over and started yelling at the nice bartender which ruined the moment. This casino is also really tight. Like the Wynn, they are in the business of making money and not catering to guests.  The buffet is good. The Payard crepe and sweets place is awesome. Pool is great. Gym is nice which are the only highlights. But again they try to deceive their guests at the buffet by having some machine where you pay an extra $20 to get through the line "quicker." Stick with the Bellagio if you want to be treated well or PH if you are on a budget. They did give us a better room which was very nice.
4	Caesars is my go-to Hotel on the Strip when I don't know people's tastes and I'm not sure about what shows I'm seeing or I'm definitely seeing something at Caesars AND I'm not here for a specific business reason.Everyone comes to Vegas for many different  reasons.  Here is the combination of reasons  I come here: a theme that doesn't bore me, good shopping, good variety of gaming tables, a good club (re-opening in April 2015), location at the 50 yard line of the strip, good variety of shows,  great service, and sister hotels that I can also visit to earn rewards.  All of that AND they have a great spa, pool and conference center which I have yet to experience.All of that is great but as a Total Rewards member I get comped or discounted for many things making the hotel a great deal and experience.  Make sure you become a Total Rewards member. There are many towers and I prefer to stay in the Augustus. The tower is closest to the front, near the spa, has great views and along with the Octavius Tower are the newest Towers ( other Towers such as the Japanese Themed Nobu are older towers that were remodeled).Remember that this is Vegas, so we are sticking to the facts and all "Hangover" references (indicated by a *) are coincidental.  As you pull up to the iconic entrance in your stolen police car*, make sure to note the fragrant smell as you go through the revolving doors.  For me that smell reminds me I'm at Caesars.  As you step into the circular reception area, you will note the iconic fountain where you will take that "I was at Caesar's photo".  You ask for the "Hangover Suite" (there really isn't one) handing over a $20 with your card hoping for an upgrade.  The receptionist likes your generosity and finds you the best available room she can find.  You walk over to the Augustus Tower and step into the elevator and take note of where Alan stood for his grand emperor moment*.As you enter the room make sure the  chickens don't escape* and carefully check out the spacious bathroom stocked with Qua products from the spa.  If you find a Tiger in your bathroom or a baby in your closet* you definitely will be in for a good time.  The room itself is spacious with 650 square feet of play space modern roman themed decor and a large marble bathroom with double vanities, spa tub, glass shower, and separate water closet.  Again the best rooms you will find for the price.  If you are holding a conference here these are the rooms you put your keynote speakers.On this particular trip I did not see a show, but highly recommend Absinthe.  The Bacchanal Buffet is very popular as well, but I am partial to Central by Marcel Richard which is located in the lobby across from the registration desk.My only drawback for this hotel is that on one occasion I did have a grifter on my floor try to sell me some "roofalus"*. On another occasion some guy tried to grift me out of some cash but this happens at most large hotels.  Just don't look like a target.
5	This was our first vegas trip. So nothing to compare it to. Beautiful hotel. Our suite faced belliago fountains. Tons to do if you aren't big gamblers. Love the huge jacuzzi tub. Tons of shops in the forum. ( it's a shopping mall).  So much to do. Most the staff are very friendly.
4	Got to visit this resort for just one nightBut had such a great time we had to write about it. Super friendly staff. 550 sq ft room Shower and jacuzzi. The swimming pool at this place is an experience in itself.Got a smoking deal on Hotwire . Wished we could have stayed longer. Nice strip location with the linQs mall jus scrips the street.Tons of shopping indoors tooReally liked it
5	Wow - I broke a tooth and the phone book gave a mobile dentist at the same address. It was close, so we went and asked the concierge. He recommended his family dentist, gave the address and told us where to get a wheelchair cab. We weren't even staying there! I am so pleased and sorry I didn't get back to thank him. I hope he sees this.
4	Let's make this simple.What I like:- Great freakin' rooms.  I was recently upgraded to a suite on a high floor at the Augusts tower and the views were amazing.  Perfect view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.  The beds were comfortable and the in room hot tub was kick ass.  - Probably the best casino to stay at in Vegas if you're a hardcore shopper.  The Forum shopping area is huge and has a great variety of luxury and mid-level brands.  I often find myself buying the most stuff here (aside from the outlet mall) when I'm in town.- Huge gambling floor.- Baccannal Buffet is great.  Totally love the great selection of food ever since the big renovation a couple of years ago.- The colosseum is a great venue for shows.What I don't like:- Huge gambling floor also means lots of gamblers - and that means it gets pretty smokey here after awhile.  That's saying a lot when I'm a smoker myself.- Can get pretty expensive to stay here versus other casinos of comparable quality.- Not exactly the cheapest place to gamble.- Wish their famous restaurants didn't feel like it was all ripped off from NYC (Nobu, Mesa, Serendipity, Old Homestead .. etc)
2	Let me first say that this hotel is impressive. The decor is fantastic. I'm a history junkie so I was very excited to be staying here. I'm staying at the Palace Tower and my room is amazing. All was well until the third day. I returned to my room to find strangers' things in it. I had asked housekeeping then bell desk to find out if they had any idea where the bags had come from and the individuals I spoke with had told me that they had no record of having put anything in my room. I was then referred to security. They had taken my report and told me that they would look into it. Later in the day when I had called to ask for an update, I was passed around to different individuals. I had to describe my situation to each one. Very frustrating. On day four, the security staff person who took my report called to ask me for any updates from the night before (after shift change). What?!!! Today is day four and Caesars Palace has yet to provide me with a report of what had happened and reassurance that it will not happen again and that I can feel safe in my room. To me that is unacceptable. Makes me wonder if they took my report seriously. Maybe if I was a high roller, I'd be more important to them. To add salt to injury, only hours after the first incident, I was woken up at 4:30 am by security and housekeeping because of a flood. I'll not get into further details but it took a long time before I heard from guest services if I had to move rooms, etc., etc.
3	Never will I ever stay here again. Dont get me wrong it is a beautiful hotel and perhaps if they had put me in a different tower I would have been happier...I was in the Roman tower....OMG...we fought over who would charge their phone first because they were lacking outlets....there were no available outlets....only in the bathroom....which was really nice by the way. The beds were really comfy....This was a super smoky hotel...If you smoke then it wont bother you but I dont and have really bad allergies so I was uncomfortable. The staff was great...I would recommend this hotel for gamblerswho only want to hang out and eat... the food in this hotel is pricey....nothing less that $30...the drinks at the different bars are also up there. I got a captain and ginger ale in a small glass and paid $12....the clubs that they had were not frequented. They cleopatra barge was only open to those who paid for a show and if you didnt walk passed early you couldnt see the boat sitting on the small pond ...which was really cute....btw its closed during the day. On a good note the hotel is a sight...the pools are great...Went to the venus pool wanting to be adventurous ....was going to participate in the european style sunbathing and ....no one was topless...so I didnt want to be the leader...they had a dj for that pool but you can hear the dj at all of the others as well. Keep in mind at the venus pool it is free for ladies but if you want to sit in the pool chairs it is a $40 bar tab you must sacrafice ....there are feel pool chairs right next door...so not worth it....to me...
1	Terribly overpriced.  15 bucks for internet?  20 bucks for a fridge?  Two bucks extra for lettuce and tomato?Definitely not staying here again.  Theres a massive lack in value.
4	Caesars is one of those place that is just grand!  It's big, it goes on forever and it has lots of ornate!  I like the shops, I like the sculptures.  Never have stayed here but, I see their prices are dropping and possibly may be in a future Vegas trip of mine.  I would recommend this for anyone who likes to shop, or like lots of decoration to entertain their eyes!
1	Here for convention. Our company is spending a lot of money and time in Vegas and Caesars this month. I have had TERRIBLE service from this hotel. Got here and they were unorganized and not prepared for lines at check in. Then, I have a very important package delivered to the hotel for meeting tomorrow .  After a dozen phone.calls and two visits to the main desk to try to get my delivery,  I have been told they are TOO busy to get my package to me. This is unacceptable. If you are here for business, good luck.
5	They were running a special on a Sunday night and we booked a room for $100. The man at the front counter upgraded us to a deluxe room and it was amazing! Two bathrooms, a whirlpool jet bathtub, amazing view, king bed- too good to leave the room. We were definitely spoiled- but the restaurant options, shopping areas, and games were all amazing. Definitely coming back!
4	I stay here usually. Mostly because I love the salon. Go to color salon and have any service done, and you will be beyond happy. The spa is also very nice. They have re done it so there are a lot more steam rooms and cool rooms. I like the location of this hotel. I Prefer to stay in the Augustus tower and come in on flamingo road entrance. No crowd or wait. Fast check in. Obviously you can't beat the forum shops. Room service is not good, but luckily there is a Starbucks beside the elevator
1	This was by far the worst hotel experience I have had during my many trips to Las Vegas. I expected "Caesars" to be a top notch hotel with a modern feel and excellent service not a "run down" "your on your own" approach. Im not sure where to start but here it goes. First off I needed a frig for some medication. They wanted to charge me $20 but after talking to them they waived the fee and made me feel like they were doing me a favor by giving me a frig that other hotels provide as a standard for their rooms. The frig came 3 hours later and I had to call guest services to remind them. Good thing I had ice and a small ice chest on standby. When the frig came it looked like it had gone through a war and functioned poorly. Second the room was very outdated. The bedding was poor, a few of the lamps and electrical outlets were not functional and the furniture was mismatched/faded. Third was the view. I know I didn't pay for a room with a strip view but could I maybe get a view of the freeway instead of looking out the window at a concrete wall with a ladder. I think a jail cell would have a better view of the outside world then the one "Caesars" had. Fourth they said at the front desk that I would be charged $25 for the resort fee but at checkout they charged me $28 per day for the resort fee. With the price that "Caesars" charges for their rooms you get the room quality of a motel and not a Las Vegas Resort. Bottom line is I was so disgusted and angry about the hotel quality, money I paid to be there and the service that it ruined my trip. I was so mad that I didn't even gamble one cent in their casino and will never set foot at "Caesars" again. If you are contemplating staying in that area of the strip just stay at "Treasure Island". TI has modern rooms, good service, outstanding amenities, and all at a price point that Caesars cant even dream to accomplish. DONT BOOK OR STEP FOOT INSIDE this sorry excuse for a Las Vegas Resort. Learn from a guy who works too much and wanted to enjoy a nice break with my wife in Las Vegas. We were cheated out of a wonderful experience by "Caesars" and at our own financial expense.
2	My previous review of Caesars was more fun but this one is more important. I now see my consumer experience (sleeping, eating, dancing, playing, etc.) at Caesars through a shadowy lens, knowing that the property's managers aided and abetted the unconstitutional search of a guest's room (i.e., while the guest was the *owner* of a leasehold property interest in the room): http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/01/opinion/deceptions-of-the-fbi.html
4	I spent Saturday to yesterday at Caesars Palace.   It is a AAA, Four Diamond luxury hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip, between the Bellagio and the Mirage. The hotel has 3,960 rooms in six towers: Augustus, Nobu, Roman, Palace, Octavius and Forum (I was in the Forum tower).  It's a HUGE space and I initially found myself overwhelmed when I arrived.  But once I got my bearings and figured out where everything was I was okay.I liked my room.  The view from my room was fabulous!  My bed was so comfy!  There were buttons next to the bed opened and closed the blinds and sheers!  When the blinds were closed, I had no idea what time it was it was that dark.  Rather than hanging a "Do not disturb" sign on the doorknob, you indicate on a panel which is just inside the room if you want your room made up or not.  Just on the other side of the door outside in the corridor, the light is either red (do no disturb) or green (make up the room) or nothing.  I've never seen this before.The toilet was in its own room within the bathroom.  There was a phone in the toilet room.  It took me a day to figure out that on the bathroom wall was a remote control for the TV in the bathroom mirror!  There was no tub but a huge shower.A few times I took a stroll through the Forum Shops, which is a shopping mall connected to Caesars Palace. It has been consistently ranked as one of the most successful shopping malls in the world and is the highest grossing mall in America, with higher sales per square foot than Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, California.  It includes more than 270 mid-range and luxury retailers, gourmet restaurants and bars.  The ceilings are painted like the skyI'm not a gambler and there were machines and tables EVERYWHERE!  Surprisingly people are allowed to smoke in the casinos so it was gross walking through them to get to my room.The weather was sunny and hot (27C) and I spent an hour one day by the pool.  You rent the loungers ... I'd just grabbed an old ratty non-cushioned one.  I heard cabanas go for about $450 a dayThere was a mandatory $28US/day resort fee and that includes WIFI for two devices, local phone calls and two passes to the fitness centre.  My room was $260US/day including taxes and resort fee.It was fun to stay here and experience it!
5	I've been to Vegas 8 times now in the last 7 years and this was my first time staying at Cesar's Palace. I must say I love this hotel! I had a great time, the food was great the pool was amazing and the casino dealers and staff made it fun and very enjoyable playing the games. I've never stayed at a Harrahs resort before usually I stay at M life and I will prob stay at a Harrahs resort from here on out.... At least gamble.1. Bacchanal Buffet : I've tried majority of the Vegas buffets (Aria,Bellagio,Mandalay,Wynn,etc..) but Cesar's easily took the cake. The dinner buffet was outstanding. The variety and quality of food made it worth the weight gain. From Prime Rib, Briskett to the Deserts I would highly recommend this buffet regardless of price.2. Pool: I stayed at Aria a few months back and was so disappointed in their pool that I went elsewhere when I wanted to relax in the sun and swim. Cesar's Palace pool area made me feel like I was living luxurious. Beautiful pools with great vibe to make you feel you are really living in a palace. There are waterfalls with blackjack in the pool. The best pool so far I've been to in Vegas..... I wouldn't really say this is a party type pool but highly recommend you become royal here.3. Gambling: For anyone who is I to gambling you'll understand me on this. People gamble for the enjoyment and fun of the game while making money and if you lose it it's okay cause you had a great time, you pay for entertainment. I've always stayed with M life resorts (MGM,Mandalay bay, Aria,etc....) and have gambled a lot in the past, majority of my trips but the rating system and comps for mlife has become so horrid and cheap that they just don't want to give anything in return. They told me at aria you had to average $130 per betting hand to really get good comps or let alone comps at all. I used to get comped buffets,hotel rooms, promotional chips all the time and that's what brought me out but they have declined so much and never comp anything that I've decided not to gamble at their resorts anymore. I stayed true to my word and haven't...... People should realize this as well.One day into playing at Harrahs resorts (Cesar's palace,Paris and Planet Hollywood) they comped me a room and sent me offers as where I never receive anything anymore from mlife other than a 30% off your room..... Cesar's has a handful variety of games with very good and friendly dealers. The floor get to know your name and your story making you feel part of the them.The hotel is beautiful, the room are very spacious with a big hot tub and glass shower, the food is phenomenal and even though it's pricey we don't go on vacation to be cheap, esp in Vegas.Thank you Cesar's and Harrahs for an amazing experience.A+++
2	I have stayed at Caesars in the past and usually in an upgraded room. The upgrade was not available but because my past experience at Caesars was good I decided that the standard room would be OK. NOT!!Unless you get the upgrade room just pass or run! Even at a Motel 6 you get a bathroom door. I called the customer service people and they explained the Roman Tower is the oldest room set and they do not have bathroom doors. Real nice if you happen to have your GF with you. Oh yea all this for $300.00/night. If I could get out of this I would bolt tonight. Even a crappy room in Italy has a door on the bathriom!So not cool.JC
1	I will never stay here again. We got married here, which was wonderful. The wedding department deserves their own 5 star review. Our stay on the other hand is a different story. We check in and within 5 minutes I got electrocuted plugging my phone in the outlet by the bed, sparks were coming out of the wall. After that I went to take a shower and the entire bathroom flooded. Apparently there was a bad seal in the shower. My husband called the front desk and they told us they would comp is $25. Wow, awesome. They said they would send someone right up, which was over an hr later. My mom ended up going down to the front desk and they offered us another room, which was smaller and in a different tower than all of our guests. We declined, so they gave us the same room just on a different floor. Later that day my brother checked in and he got a comp upgrade. The next day our friends checked in and they got a comp upgrade also. When we checked in we were even going to pay for an upgraded room and they told us there wasn't any because of a convention. And, when my mom was at the front desk they told her we had already been upgraded and they wouldn't do that for us again. Um I'm sorry, what? Worst hotel stay ever.
2	Hopefully the rest of the stay goes better than the check in. 9 people working, 5th in line, 25 minute wait. Not very impressed so far. The place reeks of smoke. Fingers crossed that the rooms don't smell.   The location is good. It's in the middle of many sights. Easy walk to restaurants and casinos.
5	We loved our room! We had a spectacular view and the room couldn't be any more pristine. Marble and granite everywhere. Who needs to leave the room when you're in a suite fit for a king! Kidding- maybe. Can't speak for the rest of the rooms, but ours was amazing! The walk was long all the way up to the 27th floor at the back of the Casino, but worth all of the blisters! Room service was overpriced, I got sick from the Eggs Benedict, which ruined my next day, but I was able to pull it together for the next night's festivities. I would absolutely stay here again. The check in lines were long, but the location and the convenience makes it worth it. My only complaint is that the inside is almost a maze- it's too big and hard to find your way out of sometimes. Can't wait to go back!
1	Update to previous post.  The last night of my stay was $629.00 for a run down room w no bathroom door. I get that prices are high when conventions are running and IF this room was even close to standard I wouldnt be so pissed off but it was below steerage on a sinking ship. Why the downgrade? I went to get my car that was parked curbside in front of the hotel for 3 days and although the valet guys were nice the lady behind the desk makes a comment that "personally I think those cars are ugly and I cant get on and out of them" WTF? Add that to the insane price and it came out to be pathetic stay at best. Never again.
5	Beautiful lobby and shipping area. This hotel is definitely a classic. It really aids in someone experiencing the vegas ambiance.
5	thanks to my dad who's a diamond level we got to stay here. (otherwise room rates are pricey for us) I've stayed many times for over 20yrs and still one of my faves hotels. (though stay away from the oldest tower rooms - I think Roman?) Pool is great, bacchanal buffet along with great restaurants, forum shops, gambling and center of strip!!! they also gave us free passes to the linq ferris wheel.
1	We valet parked our car at Caesars to see Rod Stewart in concert.  The valet stole my Giants baseball cap that I happened to toss into the backseat.  I figured the hat was black and the car seats were black - you could barely see it.  But nope!  GONE!  You'd think they would hire a higher class of personnel.  Glad it was only the hat I left in the car.  Jerks.
3	Is there any property on The Strip that tries harder than Caesar's?  I think some aspect of their massive property has been under construction every day for the last 50 years.  They offer something for everyone: the best shopping on The Strip (maybe in the world?), massive sports book, huge casino floor, nostalgia for the grandparents, The Hangover references for the younger folks, cheap restaurants, fancy restaurants, shows, you name it...  ... which makes Caesar's one of my favorite stops to *visit*, despite the fact that I have always had terrible luck gambling there.  It's a 3 star review from me for *staying* there though for a few reasons:(1) Unless you know to request a specific tower, some of them are very old.  If you gamble with the luck of the draw, you might get a nice room, or you might get a terrible room.  Per my opening statement, they're constantly renovating and improving them, but they have almost 4,000 rooms in the property.  It's a lot to renovate, and they have been open for almost 50 years, so it takes a long time.    (2) Their casino ventilation is not good.  People smoke in every casino, but the smoke lingers in Caesar's more than other places(3) Their pricing can be insane.  It's not uncommon for their rooms to be significantly more expensive than the Wynn or the Bellagio.  For all their efforts, Caesar's Palace isn't on the same level as the upper tier, so seeing that people are paying upwards of 2x to stay there always confuses me.  (4) Older clientele.  There are a LOT of Caesar's properties across the country, so Caesar's attracts a disproportionate amount of senior citizens (vs. every other property on The Strip not named Harrahs) who can use their home status for upgrades and comps.
4	All time classic hotel what needs to be said?
5	Great hotel in vegas! Not only does it have my favorite buffet inside but the staff is super friendly & they have the forum shops inside of the hotel too! Along side from that they also have many restaurants and other unique shops and bars! Come inside and take a look around of the cool greek style hotel! Reminds me of hercules!
5	One of my top 3 favorite casinos in vegas! Caesars has it all! I there there on a comp room. A nice place to impress your wife or girlfriend. They finally upgrade their buffet which is NOW the BEST buffet on the strip (Bacchanal Buffet) I got upgraded from a Roman to a Palace room with a nice big Jacuzzi. The palace rooms are a bit of a hike away from all the fun but free so i'm not complaining! The overall casino is good. BJ tables goes up high on the weekends to $10-$25 min. Raos Italian restaurant is great!  If your feeling italian, give these guys a try.They have some of the BEST MEATBALLS i ever had. Then you have the wonderful mall connected to caesars with TONS of shops! EVERYTHING there is expensive but a nice place to sit and people watch! They have a cheesecake factory in the mall which is awesome, i believe three floors of stores, restaurants (Joes Steak and Seafood) YUMMY and other goodies! You can basically spend all day in this monster place and not get bored!
1	Yelp needs a zero star.  I've been to Caesars many times.  I will never stay there again or gamble a penny there.  I won't even walk in the door.  I paid for a room, which I didn't get.  We booked 4 days with an Augustus tower room.  They put us in an "upgrade" in the Octavius tower.  The upgrade was krap, which is why the Augustus tower sells out before the Octavius tower.  Go for the cheapest room before the Octavius tower if you can't find a Motel 6...it's an upgrade.  We asked for our actual room after a night and they said no problem, real soon...we waited in our room until 4pm and they gave us the typical excuse that the current people stayed an extra day.  When have you ever changed your flights and spent an extra day...BS.  Needless to say we never received what we paid for, even after eating at Guy Savoy's.  The desk clerk said the manager would call and make it right.  Well two weeks later and not a word.  Liars, cheats, thieves...I own bonds on this company and it's no wonder why they're going down.  This company is going out of business, not because of the venue, but because they suck.  Ya, the odds in the casino are horrible too.  Never waste your money here.  I only have regrets.  I gave them a chance to make it right and they failed, I gave then another and they didn't even bother to call.  The restaurants are the worst on the strip.  How bad does it have to get before they just close up?
1	Scheduled my brothers birthday at the sports book drove all the way from Phoenix. Come down to make our bets the systems down not taking any wagers missed all of the games wagers. Down with Cesar!!!!!
4	What a blast it was to spend some time in the iconic Caesars Palace. We spent some time exploring their casino as well as shopping area, and we have to say that we loved every minute. The slots are great, the atmosphere was incredible, and shopping here was like being in a mall. The staff here was incredibly polite and we could see ourselves spending a lot of time here in the future.
5	This is my second time staying at Caesar's Palace and I absolutely love it. Maybe it is because Vegas is just fun or the wonderlust I get looking around its beautiful interior. Who knows? Regardless, this is a top notch Vegas Strip hotel and resort! The pool is luxurious and the rooms are killer. I like the location because it puts you in the middle of the strip. You are a walk from everything you need and it is a short enough walk you can conquer it in heels!If you want a visual spectical and a perfect location, go  Roman!
2	Nope. Never again.We wanted to stay at Caesars because we were running the Rock 'n' Roll Vegas half marathon and knew that Caesars was the most convenient hotel to the finish line. Plus, it's old school Vegas, so what's not to love?Lots. After arriving at the hotel at midnight and standing in a long line served by only two employees, we entered our room only to discover the king non-smoking I booked six months early (and paid a deposit on!) had morphed into a queen smoking. A call to the reception desk got us moved to a non-smoking room, but this one was still fitted with queen beds and was an accessible room to boot (bathroom not as nice). The manager who was supposed to contact us never did, so after the second night we took it upon ourselves to request again the room we'd booked (and paid a deposit on!). The third room was very nice, and if we'd been given it when we first arrived, this might be three stars.Only three stars, you say? Yeah. Caesars nickel and dimed me so bad I was shocked even for Vegas. We paid a (non-optional) $25 daily resort fee for an internet connection that was 512 kb per second (that is, basically not an internet connection at all). Everything was an upcharge, including printing boarding passes at the hotel ($5 per confirmation number). Honestly, I experience more hospitality staying at Courtyard Marriotts and Hyatt Homes on business trips. If I'm paying luxury prices to stay in a luxury hotel, I'd like to feel a little indulged.We plan on visiting Vegas again, and although we don't know where we'll stay, we certainly know where we won't.
3	Charming architecture and decor, great for photography and admiration. If you are planning to dine here, you are looking at around $50 per person, give or take.
3	A little disappointed and not what I expected from a 4.5 star hotel.  We had a room on the 3rd floor of the Roman tower.  It seemed pretty clean at first glance but a closer look showed a lack of attention to detail that you would expect from such a highly rated hotel.  The glasses in the bathroom were not cleaned we'll (big white spots in both of them) and there was a lot of dust on the ledges and base boards.  Additionally, we had a constantly running toilet in the room.  If I called, We probably could have changed rooms or had it fixed but we arrived later than expected and had to leave quickly to make a scheduled event and it just wasn't worth the hassle at the time.  The room was starting to show its age as well (peeling wallpaper, part of the baseboard falling down in the bathroom, dents in the wall where suitcase and luggage racks had banged, hair dryer didn't work and kept making the breaker  pop and the lights go off) nothing we couldn't live with but also something I didn't expect from a 4.5 star hotel.  I know Vegas is specifically designed  to get you into the casinos and keep you there as long as possible but the lack of amenities in the room was worse than I've ever seen in 7 other  hotels on the strip (no fridge, mini bar, or coffee maker).   The food in the hotel was very good but also very expensive and the casual options left much to be desired.  Another mind boggler was that you couldn't get a table at 1040 pm in anything other than the lobby restaurant because they closed at 11.  We were there running a race that ended at night directly in front of the hotel and had 40,000 people participating.   You would figure they would extend the hours of at least a couple restaurants for that night; they were all packed so they definitely would have made $. The location was great, centrally located, Easy-ish access  to the monorail (across the street through the flamingo), and within walking distance to great local attractions (bellagio fountains/mirage volcano) and perfect location for hobbling marathon finishers.Overall, it'd take a really good price to get me to come back here.  It was nice but there are much cheaper options that Caesars doesn't blow out of the water which I felt it should have given the higher price.
5	Great Place To Stay In Vegas Right In The Middle Of The Strip. Great Rooms As Well! I Really Enjoyed My Stay. My Driver Took Me To The Front Of Caesars Hotel. The Bell Clark Gotten My Bags For Me. I Know I Was At The Right Place. Thanks Caesars For Taking Care Of My Room. Be Back Soon!
5	Hello everyoneWhen my girlfriend and I normally come to Vegas we stay at the MGM and Monte Carlo but this time we got to visit Caesars Palace which was very nice. The staff were friendly and very helpful to us. As for the rooms the normal rooms seem to be bigger than the normal rooms at the MGM and Monte Carlo, even having a hot tub in it! The entire building is very large however so navigating it to get to the strip or Bellagio can sometimes be a feat so be prepared for that. The good news is that it does connect to the Bellagio which is connected to the tram so traveling to the crystals or down to Monte Carlo is very easy and convenient if you don't want to walk. But Caesars is located right in the middle of the strip so that in itself is great!Have fun everyone and good luck!
5	Staying here for my 21st birthday celebration and it really is quite extravagant. The staff seem friendly (especially the most enthusiastic housekeeper ever), and there is a lot to do, including the Atlantis show and rows of stores in the design of an Italian town during sunset. I love the architecture and the sheer massive scale of the visuals (love Roman stuff really), including the enormous columns and statues. It makes you feel like you're in a Roman shopping and entertainment center, only it's Las Vegas obviously. Definitely one of the best casinos on the Strip.
3	Being a customer brings you absolutely nothing in the hotel. The rooms are really nice however they have conditioning air that you cannot stop which is really not cool.
4	What an amazing place! The environment is absolutely lovely, although very crowded. I enjoyed the moving statues and the shops, but the best part were the slots in the casino. We did not play much, but when we played here, we won! I loved the Wild Red and Wild Blue Quick Hits. The staff was helpful and the cocktail server was efficient. On one of our three visits we did not see a cocktail server for about 45 minutes, but when she made it on the floor she stopped by often. My favorite drink was the Pina Colada. It was very creamy and yummy. There are a lot of cash out stations and the restrooms where nearby. My only complaint (if I had to have one) was that the hotel/casino was so huge that it took a very long time to get from one end to the other for the Tram. Other than that, awesome experience. I plan to stay here on my next visit.
1	Review for the sportsbook specifically-6 months ago, this was the best sportsbook on The Strip. Now the TVs are blocked off by a terribly placed bar, and anything resembling comfortable seating is blocked off as Members Only (regardless of the fact that seating was only at half occupancy at most). It's insulting placing hundreds of dollars in bets and being given a shitty conference room chair to sit in. If you want to see a good sportsbook gone terribly wrong, head to Caesars.
5	One of the best places on the strip. Like coming here even when I don't stay here.
4	The best part about this resort is the location.  It is right in the center of all the action.  Bellagio and Paris to one side and the Mirage and Venetian on the other with the new High Roller obsevation wheel right across the street.  Perfect if you want to be able to walk to all the action.  The staff is friendly, there are great restaurants and the gaming is great.  It would have gotten 4 stars if it weren't for the fact that our room was beat up abit.  There were big scratches on the TV console, a big burn mark on the sofa where someone had set down a hot iron and there were about 30 of those plastic things that that are attached to a shirt that holds a price tag on our carpet.  I know it was not vaccumed when we arrived.  The only reason we didn't move rooms was because we had a great view of the strip and Bellagio fountains.  The rooms are large and well equiped with TV and whirlpool in the bathroom and steam showers.  Mini bar didn't work either, it was hot and when we arrived there was a bottled water missing and of course they charged us for it, even though it was never replaced from the previous people.  I guess it's our fault for not notifying the front desk upon arrival.
4	The place has upgraded over the years...prices of their rooms have gone up extremely but there are tons of eating places to go to here as well as shopping. I usually wait for deals to stay here. It's in the center of the Vegas strip and walking distance to all other hotels and restaurants is a plus. It's upscale and classy. I love the forum shops as they have some of my favorite stores. Bathrooms are kept clean, the slot machines are my thing but my hubby goes for poker tables. He says they all start high usually. There is always entertainment outside especially by the bar and entrances. Everyone should come here...
4	When you come to Vegas, there are certain Hotel/ Casinos you think of.  Caesars Palace is still the grandaddy of the Strip, and while its a bit old, it still draws the crowds.They've built newer towers, but the best location to stay is the Augustus tower, located right by the lobby.  The other towers are located miles away, and frankly its just too far.They have everything you can ask for.. .the casino, shows, restaurants with celebrity chefs (ie: Flay, Ramsay), and a huge shopping area which has high end stores like LV to affordable stores like Victoria Secret.  Its still one of my favorite Vegas locations, and its even better when I get comp'd.
4	I will make this short, but sweet. I love this place. If I am not here, I am in lake Tahoe. But this is VEGAS and it is hard to compare them both. This trip was comped, and I was visiting for a wedding. I was astonished when I walked into the Augustus Tower Senator Suite. It makes me wish I could live there. The casino was loose, the drinks were flowing, and the Vegas feeling of luck was in the air. No big wins on the gambling, but a lot of good memories and delicious meals. See you soon, All Hail Caesar!
5	While this may not be my favorite hotel in Las Vegas, the classic and old stand by, Caesars Palace is almost as good as it gets. I have stayed in all of the towers and there are definitely some towers better than others. The rankings go:1) Augustus... one of the newer towers the best part about the Augustus tower is the location.  Above the Qua Spa and Gym and near the front of the hotel the location and quality of rooms makes this tower my faovrite.2) Octavius... little far from the majority of the property but nicest rooms are found here.3) Nobu... cool new hip and clean.  Center of Casino is nice too.4) Palace... by the pool, large rooms.5) Forum... nothing too special1864) Roman... do not book a room here unless u want the cheapest thing possible. Very outdated and not as clean as rest of rooms.The restaurant selections are great at Caesars and the center of the strip location is wonderful.  Can get expensive but there are not many better classic places to stay at on the strip.
5	Definitely the BEST hotel that I've ever stayed at. You have to play BIG to get the benefits but I didn't mind. Bachannal is just down stairs and trust me, you have to experience at least once in your life. The MACRONS are AMAZING!! There are two different towers for each room. Augusta & NOBU. I Like the privacy at NOBU and the luxury decor in the room. This is my 5 STAR pick if you're going to stay in Vegas. Plus being a 7 star diamond card doesn't hurt either
3	huge hotel and casino
1	Not sure what happened over the years, but we just had a very poor customer service experience with a late check-in of guests from Europe.   Thought everything was set-up and double-checked to avoid any complications (I booked through Travelzoo) and at 9 p.m. at night, I get a call from our family standing there unable to check in to their room after a day of flying to get there.   Working with Josh at the front desk, and John (the manager) was not as customer-friendly as I had hoped.    When I explained how I booked the room through a promo with Travelzoo, Josh asked me who Travelzoo was....  oh boy, I knew we were in for a long phone call.   It was one of the most stressful experiences I have had in a very long time - for something as stupid as booking a hotel room of all things (really people??), as I was home in California and not there in person with our guests to rectify the situation.  After calls to Travelzoo, Caesars concierge (Meredith is a shining star there!), and holding on two phones with the hotel check-in staff, 30+ minutes later, the problem was resolved.  We even wanted to bypass Travelzoo and pay with our credit card to get our family checked-in, and they needed an authorization faxed back to them...   no fax at home, we were in bed when we get this call and it was an unbelievably bad experience.    But it had to escalate to being uncomfortable and unpleasant - and that as awful.   I don't think I would recommend Travelzoo or Caesars for a Las Vegas trip to anyone.   It should not be this troublesome to have planned and paid for a room since October and then be treated like this.  I even called the hotel a few days in advance to make sure there would be no hiccups - thought they had it all figured out, but no.    We had been to Caesars in years past, and think we won't be going back - there are too many other lodging options for people in Las Vegas.  Two words - Customer Service.   Treat your guests the way your would want to be treated while on vacation, and spending a good amount of money on two rooms for a three-night stay at your hotel.
4	What's not to like about Caesar's?  Great restaurants, beautiful hotel and casino, shopping, concert venue, obnoxious talking statue show & giant fishtank!  Fun for all ages!  :D
1	This review is for the Laurel Collection part of Caesars, only. You come to Vegas expecting great service, right? The moment we arrived at the check in we were greeted by a dismissive woman named BLAIR who immediately shirked us off before we even got to the counter telling us just to wait in line. Her tone made me feel like I was at a Holiday Inn somewhere in the sticks. I thought: is she having a bad day and rude to everyone? But when I saw that wasn't the case i figured maybe it's because she assumed we were non English speaking Asian tourists and thought she could treat us like second class citizens. But we still waited patiently while she continued to ignore us. After a while we asked when she could help us and she just said "it will be a while". "How long?  We've been waiting for a while" "i don't know, a while.  I was busy when you came up to me so a while".  Her rudeness and attitude was shocking beyond being totally inappropriate.  90% of your job is to accommodate guests and make them feel welcome and all you can muster is a lousy attitude that makes guests feel like a nuisance?When we called her out for her disrespectful tone she started arguing back at us giving us more attitude! I can't think of any other time I've come to Vegas and been treated so poorly. I suggest she leaves the service industry if she dislikes helping people so much.
5	was there last weekend...got free two nights to spend at Caeser Palace...I did not expect too much before I arrived...and it came out that it exceed my expectation...me and my friends love almost everything in this hotel and we spent great two nights there...i would definitely go back in the future...special thank to Claire Yang...:)thank you so much for arranging a super nice view for my stay...
1	WARNING!!! ATTENTION FOR INTERNATIONAL TRAVELERS!!! SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!! CHOSE DIFFERENT HOTEL!!!If someone has extension of the passport, please stay at any other hotel but this. My entire family was treated by staff very rude. I was told that US laws are not applicable in this hotel. And even if you have valid extended passport with valid US visa you are not allowed to play or be near gambling area. It was such a disappointment after paying thousands of dollars for the flight and hotel ( where at the check in they accepted same passport with no problem). When we tried to resolve this Security employee treated us the way that no one deserves to be treated. Throwing our document... I have never had this kind of attitude in my life anywhere in The world.If there is a way to submit negative review- this is for this hotel.
4	I recently stayed here for 3 nights with a few friends and we had a blast! The room was newly renovated and beautiful. The bathroom was amazing, glass door shower, spa bath tub and double sink. The only issue we had with the bathroom was the toilet. .... it ran all day and night. We called to get it fixed and no one ever came to fix it. The whole hotel/ casino is gorgeous,  we walked around looking at everything and got lost a few times because it's so huge. The forum shopping area is beyond beautiful and has an amazing fish tank filled with lots of cool fish. The staff was pleasant and helpful, always right there when we needed something.  I would definatly recommend this hotel to anyone!
4	Went to Caesars to celebrate my husband's birthday and I thought CP would be a great place to spend that vacation and a great way to bring in the party.  I loved it!!! We stayed in the Augustus towers and we were super glad we did.  We loved the closeness of the Augustus towers first of all as it was very easy to to drop in and out without having to walk all over the place.  While the other towers were nearby, Augustus was the way to go.  The location on the strip is great and we were certainly excited we chose this place.  It also helps that those nights are included for SPG members as well.  We arrived and were checked in very quickly.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating to us and we got a great vibe from them.  Our room was ready and we had a high floor - that was a great upgrade.  The rooms in the Augustus were really big and I was happy that my money went to a great sized room.  We had so much space for my stuff.  The resort itself is well taken care of and since our family were also staying at Caesars this made it perfect.  The amenities were excellent and the housekeeping did an amazing job at taking our requests for when it came to cleaning the rooms.  Seeing as we were in the desert I was really wishing I had brought a humidifier because the air is SO DRY there.  I didn't experience that at one of the other hotels I stayed at last year.My husband and I were able to go to the Bacchanal buffet and enjoyed our breakfast and brunch there along with trying some of the other restaurants such as Rao's and Spago (Spago was terrible by the way, but it's not officially part of "Caesars", and Mesa"  Everything was clean and flawless and really want to come back and stay at Caesars again due to our amazing experience when we were there.  Thanks to CP for making my husband's birthday celebrations memorable.
3	Just came here for Spago by Wolfgang Puck and for Shania. Both were wonderful. Staff was very helpful and the casino was rather spacious and huge. I saw a lot of bros and douchebags... not sure what else to say about that.
4	Love this hotel! Rooms are gorgeous, bathroom is monstrous with a whirlpool tub and a tv in the bathroom (what?). Pretty easy to navigate once you do a couple laps. The only downside, is the mini bar is pressure sensitive, so if you accidentally touch one of the items in the fridge or on top, you bought it, even if you don't consume it. Also, there's a coffee pot in the room, but you have to pay for the coffee so bring k cups with you. Other than that, love it!
2	Just checked into my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. I have been to all the nice ones and love the beds here and the rooms.   Yet, on this Christmas Eve I'm so disappointed and frustrated . Long , long lines to check in. Which are taking forever.... That's to be expected so we wait. When we are waiting forever and people are cutting the lines and getting service before everyone else, I begin to get frustrated . And are others in the line. A gentleman behind me and I point this out to the clerk and she goes to the manage who just shrugs her shoulders at us. BAD MANAGEMENT style!!! Okay, it's busy so let it go. (Sing stupid song to self)  We finally get to the counter and meet the most friendly guy! He is going to make everything awesome. We paid reservations from Caesars site and not any discount broker. He said he was so happy to upgrade our room ! Upgrade , nice surprise gift for wife! Nice!   So.... We end up in the forum tower. 6415. Old old room. Old carpet . Old bathroom. Fuzzy tv with horrible reception. View ....terrible. Furniture from  Austin powers movie. Velvet purple!!! Yuck!  So no more Caesar for my fave. I could have stayed at so many hotels and had a better room and no lying staff.   Oh and my gift as the wife? A coupon book with a free drink!
1	This place sucks there is a reason they are going bankrupt. I checked in on Dec 23 with the OPTION of an upgrade ,checking in the bitch never told me she was just putting me in the most expensive upgrade staying in the Octavious tower 6 miles from the casino she just put me in there. The whole Ceasers Entertainment organization sucks. I didn't care about getting charged for the shitty room just tell me when there is a charge, don't assume but that's this shitholes way of business. I recommend staying anywhere else or just wait until this dump organization us owned by someone else and hopefully a more classy group. Plus the casino is tighter then hell , can't win shit here I am very disappointed in this dump and I lived here for 10 years there are so many better local places to go to. This place is nothing more then a tourist trap for foreigners who are blinded by the big lights and glitter real Las Vegas people know better then to come here.
1	The hotel management suck! I called them to let them know traffic in their parking backed up to six level, after talking to hotel manager and security managers I was told they don't have anyone to manage and direct traffic , this only happens in Cesar palace, all other hotels have security to manage traffic. Never ever come back
4	I am a big fan of Caesars Palace! It's so royal and beautifully decorated. It has great restaurants and shops located inside this massive establishment. The casino itself features a lot of the same slot machines and tables seen in the other casinos. It is centrally located on the strip and easy to access.
1	I wished there was minus star I could give to this hotel. By far the worst hotel I have ever been. From terrible hotel registration to delays about getting our luggage to all the complains of all other people in line, and not to mention the bugs found in our bed sheet.. It could not be any worse . Just can not wait to finish our stay here. The manager by the name of Jon Bernard at the front registration is absolutely ignorant to the customer issues and needs and he even made fun of my daughter's insulin medication that was left in her luggage as it was delayed in being delivered to our room. Old Ceasars was hundred times better than this new refurbished hotel.. Do yourself a favor and stay either at Wynn, Venetian  or Mandalay bay ....
2	Definitely showing it's age.Was attending a convention, and upgraded to the Octavius Wing.  Liked the coffee in the morning down at the separate check-in area.But the tile in bathroom is getting grimey, shower fixture was rickety, bed sagged.I hope my convention is in a different hotel next year.
2	Our room was in the Palace tower, but the way the hotel management handled our issues, I would never go back to any tower in caesars palace.We didn't have high expectations and still got disappointed. We fully paid for a package and when we checked in the guy at the front desk suggested to upgrade to a better room. We asked for the price and he said he cannot tell us because we booked through a third party. It was obviously a lie so I said that we have to get the numbers before deciding. A magic happened and in 3 seconds he had the numbers, which were additional $800 (!!!) for our 6 nights stay, for a room that doesn't sound better.Then, we went up to the room and were surprised to see that:- the carpet was dirty (dried cranberries), and very OLD,- the faucets were full of corrosion,- one faucet was not working,- you have to flush the toilet twice because the first time does nothing,- very low light in the bathroom,- overall, the entire room was very old, felt like going back in time to the 90's.We called front desk and they sent someone to fix the broken faucet, but that's about it. So we asked for a room transfer, and we asked to see the room first, they took us to see a room that was SMALLER (!!!) than our room, which was a waste of over 1 hour of wait time. We specifically paid for the slightly larger room because we were 4 in the room (3 adults). Then, they showed us a room which was the same size but had roughly the same issues as in our rooms, probably because the room was in the same tower (palace). We had to go all the way to the reception to get the key to the other room because they didn't want to send someone to give us the key (!!!). Even worse, initially they said we cannot see the room, we have to move without seeing it. Obviously I insisted on seeing it first.Then, we realized we will be billed for resort fee, which is common on the strip (as they said), even though our package said we fully paid for everything. We thought we don't have wifi so when they said the resort fee includes wifi we were at least happy about that. BUT, we only had one bar when we used the wifi!!! just in case it's not clear -- wifi with 1 bar feels like dial up, which completed our experience of a hotel in the 90's :(So, we asked to talk to a manager after they suggested to take down the resort fee for a couple of days, which is a joke. The manager called us only at the next day at 10pm! and only to the room, even though we asked them to call our cell. And then we gave them our cell phone number again and they did the same thing after 2 more nights! so we only got to talk to a manger just before our last night there, after spending hours on the phone with probably almost 10 different representatives, explaining our issues over and over again.Eventually the 2nd manager removed the resort fee completely, but it was not enough, I will never go back there.Just to be clear, if we had paid $60 a night as in the Excalibur then we would accept the poor maintenance of the room and also the service, but we paid much more for Caesars (hard to say exactly because it was a package with the flights) and we did not expect to feel like we're in the 90's.Other than the room, the casino stinks from smoking, slightly more than the average on the strip, and extremely more than new hotels such as Aria and Cosmopolitan.The only reason we gave Caesars 'poor' instead of 'terrible' is the location, and also some restaurants were ok.
4	We stayed at the Augustus tower in Caesar's Palace. The room was complementary so this review is based exclusively on the room and does not factor in the cost that would usually be incurred. The Augustus tower is located on the left side of the lobby - a plus - since you don't need to hall your luggage across the casino to get to the elevators. The room was spacious, must have been 400 square feet, with a shower and a jacuzzi and separate latrine. Caesar's is an older property in some places you can see its age, the shower was leaking into the bathroom floor. In addition, the latrine was not ventilated, so depending on what and how much you ate the day before, it can be an interesting experience. The good thing is that there is a phone in the latrine, so in case you need to make reservations, call the airline, check on credit card bills etc, you can take care of it while in the act. 4 stars. Highly recommended for any Total Rewards member.
4	Depending on which tower you booked, front desk will try to upgrade you as they did me and I took the bait.  I had booked two rooms  and upgraded each for $30 a night.  Not sure if it was worth it but jacuzzi tub was really nice.  The heating system wasn't working in our room and maintenance was on top of it.  The flat screens are small.  Checking in and out was easier then other hotels.  Staff all seemed nice.  Casino is smokey.  Shopping is incredible since the forum shops are there.  The $28 resort fee is bullshit but what can you do, all hotels charge this fee now.  Property is huge but close to Bellagio and the Linq.  Need to get better acts then that depressing bitch Celine Dion and Seinfeld.  All in all its a better hotel to stay at it just doesn't exude sexy like the Cosmo.
1	The resort fee of $25 per DAY is total BS. Wifi and gym are not included in your hotel fee... Was disappointed about that... Why try and screw the hotel guests for money on these basic amenities? I think it's a bad approach. Also didn't know about the automatic sensors in the fridge and was charged $240 for moving some drinks out of the fridge to make space for some birthday cake. Got the money back but was rudely informed that the fridge wasn't for personal use. (Ummmm sorry but if Im gonna pay $200+ a night for your hotel room, I'll use your fridge for whatever the f@ck I want to) Overall, I think Caesars is desperate for money (they're in huge debt) and is taking the wrong approach on trying to screw guests for small things. I'd be more inclined to spend my money there if they weren't being so tight and obviously desperate. Will be staying somewhere else next time I go to Vegas.
1	I decided to get an extra room key for my daughter who had just lost her room key. It's 11:55 pm and I had to stay in a line of approximately 35 people to ask for an extra key. They called this a 5 star hotel and this is the 5 star service You should be expecting receive when you stay here.
1	i am waiting for check in more than 1 hour, and they can't find our name on the booking list, and the attitude was awful. And they delivery our luggages like 2 hours!!!!! I even can't take a shower cause them didn't have robe in the room and bin as well....
4	Stayed at Caesars Palace last week for the first time after staying at many other hotels in Las Vegas over the years. It is an icon and we were curious as to how it would compare to other upscale hotels in Sin City....... we had a blast ! Great place to explore..... walk downstairs to Forum Shops , bars,many fun restaurants ..... convenient self parking...... very spacious rooms ... its an oldie but a goodie ..... highly recommend Caesars........ only slight hiccup was the check-in which was fairly crowded while we were there.... while the line moved well and it only took about 15 minutes in line.... it seemed to be something that could be easily improved by adding maybe 2 addt'l check-in people. Caesars was a fun and pleasant place.
1	They will mess up your reservation. I made two room reservations three months ago for a family vacation.  When I made the reservations I made one request:  I need the rooms on the same floor next to each other.  They said they will do it.  However when I checked in today, I found that they totally ignored my request.  I checked in as possible but they said they don't have rooms anymore.  They put us on different floor.  Now my wife and kids are going to be on different floor. What kind of idiots ignores one effing request.  Now my family needs to split up and stay on different floors. Way to f up someone's vacation. You f morons.
4	Made our stay in Vegas memorable.  Cesar's has always been my all time favorite hotel! Upgraded room at check in! Rooms are immaculate. Comfy beds luxurious bathrooms and room service was quick and tasty (may I say a little pricy but definitely worth it since we were still recovering from the night before). I know where I'm staying again for my next Vegas trip!!!
3	Roman tower room 1362: This room is dated, tiles in the bathroom seriously needed to be regrouted. The view to the pool was good and made up for little imperfections here and there. Tv remote is not OEM and does not offer all functions to the tv.Casino: Games r very diverse from slots to table gamesRestaurants: very good choices. From chinese noodles to high end steak house, u get a great variety of some of the hottest restaurants aroundShopping: fabulous, the forum shops have luxury stores for men and women. Big plus is Tourneau, they have many luxury brands under one roof.
1	The WORST!!! Buyer beware! Paid $130 to stay 19 hours 4pm check in, 11am check out. Trashy! dirty! RUDE GUST SERVICES! Mold in bathrooms.
4	Even from the outside, we felt impressed. Inside, it's classy and unique. The layout is a bit of a labyrinth, but I enjoyed it. The casino floor is clean and doesn't smell. They have bathrooms near Gordon Ramsay's restaurant that's underneath. Quite possibly the fanciest restroom I've ever been to.A classic spot in Vegas, and for me one of the more impressive casinos there.
1	Octavius tower. Old school Las Vegas tries to attract luxury clients like us. Where the FAIL Begins is you can tell old school hotel management run the new towers, not caring about the clients they are trying to attract.  You pay Ritz or Four Seasons prices, for a room in Vegas mind you, you're expecting a lot. They renovate, build new towers, name them, give you exclusive entrances, exclusive checkin-ins ( they don't tell you when you are paying a premium... that these check ins  have early hours so if you don't arrive by 3, you have to go stand in the Disney long lines with the riff raff) and even exclusive elevators. You think ok, it's super cheesy, but the room is going to be amazing. NOT. It's big, modern appointments, but IKEA like furniture. Here is where they lose us luxury clients...They give you a Kuerig in the room.... but you have to pay $12.00 if you want to have the pods and set up for one person, for coffee or tea. They have a big beautiful bath tub.... but only offer soap shampoo and conditioner, if you want bath gel or salts you have to buy them in the gift shop down stairs! (WHAT?!?!) There are no robe or slippers! If I am coming to they're rumoured amazing spa (more on that later, I am going later today), or shop in the epic Forum shops and not to gamble,  I want amenities for my $$. Not even a cotton ball or q-tips, Simple amenities....  if we pay these prices we expect things. The bed is comfortable, the pillows are great, you can still smell smoke from rooms around you supposedly non smoking floors. I will talk the the manager today and see what the reaction is and modify my review to include that as well as a spa review. Not happy and sticking with the Cosmo (#1 because of non-smoking policy, outside balconies and hip culture)  and Aria next time. They really know how to treat their guests!
1	Used to think Caesars was an top notch hotel. After staying for my first time it's the worst hotel I've stayed in on the strip. Venetian and Wynn my favorite. Caesar Valet the worst. In organized rooms low standard, complaints about room they careless. Never recommend or stay there again. New hotels even Mandalay is better to stay at.
5	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #33:wowza, where do I start?; first of all, wear comfortable shoes if you're really going to explore Caesars - I walked pretty much non-stop for 2 hours, and still didn't see quite all of it; ascending the escalator to the conference rooms is like the stairway to heaven, and there are 2 sprawling levels of rooms; this is shopping paradise, both near the casino area and the Forum Shoppes - which are not just shops, it's a freaking huge upscale mall that goes on forever!; there are Roman statue replicas everywhere, which the tourists just seem to love snapping pictures of; the hotel check-in lobby is truly impressive, and has not 1, but 2 very nice adjacent lobby bars; Nobu restaurant is as chic & cool as you would expect, and now there is a separate Nobu Hotel tower; best craft brew bet = disappointingly mediocre, though Gordon Ramsay' s Pub has a solid (but expensive) on-tap list; possibly a better bet is the outdoor Serendipity 3, where it's a buck or two less per beer and the selection is surprisingly decent
3	Cigarette smoke every. Still coughing and out trip was back in October.  Rooms were great, bathrooms were clean and nice, view of the fountains across the street at night was amazing.  Sports book is also one of the best in Vegas.  Craps tables are always packed and the dealers here aren't too nice.  if you want less smoke and nicer dealers head to the cosmo.
1	I wonder this is luxury hotel they put back a used bath towel on the rack assume it is new because I used it and the towel has a black dirty mark there that's why I remember when I use it next night I knew we have to save the earth reused the towel if we can but they r not right if customer threw it on floor u should change it
5	This review is for The Forum. Wow I really enjoyed shopping in The Forum, the architecture and design of the place is great. The shops are quite nice to check out, event the seating areas are awesome to relax and people watch. If you have check out this is an awesome place to spend some time as you can find free wifi in here and there are plenty of clean washrooms.
