5	The food is fantastic!!  Best in town, even on their first night open.   Service is personable and lively, ambiance is fresh, hip, relaxed and very comfy. Come to hang with a group or grab a bite on your way home. Cocktails are just as exciting as the menu-can't wait to try more on the next visit.
5	Great team behind the bar and on the floor. House made pasta always gets me! Great addition to downtown phoenix.
5	What a phenomenal downtown gem. There is no where in downtown Phoenix like this. Perfectly balanced hand crafted cocktails and Absolutely stunning cuisine. Do yourselves a favor and order the Lambert-Gini and have the pleasure of the namesake handing you the lovely libation. When you have your cocktail in hand don't hesitate order the bone marrow--two words-- lamb bacon: life changing. I never fathomed being able to get this level of food and class here in downtown phoenix. ( and for the great adventurers--when you've sucked it clean, order a shot of don Julio Reposado or any Mezcal and join the ranks of bone luge. All who work here will know)  More than Honorable mentions: brisket 3 ways: smoked, braised and grilled. Had to fight over the last bite. Oxtail torteloni: all pasta is handmade in house and this dish easily rivals any in the greater phoenix area.  Do yourself a favor and stop in. Enjoy yourself and get away.
5	What a fantastic experience we had tonight.  Just settled in after an amazing meal.  Rarely do I walk away with so many "oohs" and "aahs" from my man, but he couldn't stop talking about the food.  Like him, I feel like everything was so lively and bright and fresh.  So perfect and delicious.  We started with the ceviche, something not on their menu... but it was served with fried plantains.  Boy was it fresh and delicious... had a little nip of curry in there.  For my main course I had the Sea Bass, which was perfectly cooked and had a delicious seared crust on top.  It was on top of a tasty quinoa and was surrounded by fantastic veggies and a puree of something, I can't recall.  B got the oxtail ravioli.  His first bite had him with his eyes closed and making a yummy sound.  I tried one.  Oh wow!  Delicious.  Very rich, but very right.  The broth accompanying it was so perfect.  We ended with the rosemary waffles, which were very tasty, but I think would've been even better with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream.Really hoping this place does well.  Good vibe, good food, great service.  The space is even better than when it was Scratch.  Very pleased with everything.  Glad they had at least 2 options for local wines too.Best thing is, it's right down the street.  This is definitely a place to impress your friends.
2	Extremely small portions. We ordered the Roman gnocchi and it came in a bowl with literally a one gnocchi. $10 for a single gnocchi. The server told us it would be cheaper to buy a bottle of wine and after the fact we looked at the menu and it would nave ended up $7 cheaper if we went by the glass. The food was indeed good and I like that it is local but the portions were so small we went to a food truck after.
5	Fantastic food and cocktails! I had the pig's ear salad, ahi poke, gnocchi. We just told the chef to bring out whatever he wanted. Was not disappointed. Also had the "green thumb" cocktail with Tito's and the Sundancer. Will definitely be back to work my way through the menu.
5	This truly is a 5-star restaurant. We came here on the last night of their soft opening and were blown away. It has been several years since I have been to a restaurant where every food item brought out to us was perfect. The mussels in a thick and luscious red sauce with homemade merguez and a nice chunk of grilled bread was unlike any mussels dish I've had before. A cool surprise was the Roman-style gnocchi: flat and round and packed with flavor. The market fish of red snapper had a wonderfully crispy and well-seasoned crust over a bed of melted leek farro (I'll have to try and make this one at home!). Even the dessert was a cool concoction of waffles, pears,and a red, crunchy sugar thing that was like the best candy ever. Unlike other places where different flavors can confuse, the chef here really knows how to put flavor combinations together that impress.The service was top notch. We were checked on constantly by more than one person and our server was professional, nice, and efficient. I'm so glad that this place is local for me because I will be back over and over again until I've exhausted the menu.
5	Wow! This place is going to be a star to be reckoned with, 5 Stars for Service, Food, Value and of course...genius! Last night we had the chance to partake in the sampling of menu dishes that were passed around to the guests, my 11 year old twins . We were welcomed at the entrance with genuine friendliness and given the rules of engagement for the event; a complimentary celebratory glass of Prosecco concoction that I wish I would have paid attention to so I could try to repeat it on my own...I'll just have to go back and try it again! I later had an Italian Summer with a dry Lavender Soda & Rosemary, dangerous :-)Then there were passed samplings of menu items in just right portions to enjoy them all! We enjoyed most the Grilled Pork Head Cheese Bahn Mi so tender, with a perfectly scrumptious sriracha aioli! My kids devoured it! The Chicken Fried Quail served with 2 delicate dipping sauces, one mildly sweet the other with just the right amount of spice.We also had the Beet Risotto, Crispy Pig Ear Pad Thai, Pork Riblets with Coconut Rice, each worth having again and again. Thankfully, my kids know how to be mindful in of others, or they would have eaten every single Smoked Salmon Potatoe Rosti w/creme Fraiche! Lastly for sweets we had a reinvented "Strawberry Rhubarb Newton" that I would buy by the dozen to add to our lunch boxes., daily, maybe even have them for breakfast with a yogurt! The grand finale was the Flourless Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter Mouse and Bacon ice cream!!! Orgasm for the taste-buds! Ooohs and aahs, eyes rolling in a state of, "I can't believe this is so delicious!" state of pure rapture.You must try it when you go...The service exemplified genuine hospitality, my kids commented on "how nice everyone" was. Our server Katie was friendly and acknowledged my kids directly, I always appreciate that. Everyone we came in contact with was open and courteous, big smiles and helpful.Chef Chris  & his partner Adam have out done themselves! This place is a gem! We will be back, sit at the chef bar to watch genius in action. My kids said, "this is my new favorite place!" Yes folks my kids are foodies and if we were closer to downtown, I'd be in trouble!The environment is snazzy but unpretentious, totally chill! It's a must! Go enjoy downtown and find your way to The Local! You'll be glad you did!
5	Amazing service , cocktails , and food is to die for... Pig ear pad Thai WOW!!  BRISKET WOW!! Oxtail tortellini. WOW!! My new favorite place in Phoenix
1	I was not impressed by this place at all. Extremely overpriced for the portion you receive. You pretty much are paying for the ambiance is all. The service was very slow considering they only had three tables in the entire restaurant. The presentation was nice, however, they at baby servings ... I am still hungry
5	5 stars after one visit? You betchya!Lovely space.  Clean and open.The drink menu.  Oh that drink menu.  I made a dent but will continue to work my way down that list.  The saying "each one better than the last" is woefully inadequate.  Each one is AMAZING.  Really! These cocktails are creative and beautifully crafted.That should be the theme of this spot.Food and drinks alike.Creative and beautifully crafted.That says it all.The food was equally impressive, if not more so.  Tonight I had the roasted bone marrow starter.  Savory, gelatinous.  With a duck bacon than cave such a wonderful spice on some toasted bread.  And a lovely arugula salad that was tangy and provided a wonderful contrast to the fatty marrow.Also had the quail.  Really great.  Crispy but not over cooked or died out.Oh.  And it came with smoked whiskey butter.Yeah, read that again: Smoked. Whiskey. Butter.That, thanks to The Local, is now a thing that exists outside of your dreams.
4	Ambiance: Swank, smooth, and sexy. Table areas in the back offer dark corners for snuggling, flirting, and the occasional molesting of the BF. I totally dig ambiance like this - kind of reminds me of the Merc bar, but with way better food. Service:On point. Our server was knowledgeable and welcoming. Chris, the Owner, introduced himself and checked in to see how we liked the food while making sure our entrees were served accordingly, since we were leisurely ordering plates here and there. Food:We began with the smoked salmon. Fresh and tender, just how I like it with a fine herb vin to really make the flavor pop. Then that dang bone marrow! Hands down, was the star of the night. Perfectly seasoned with a texture that'll make your mouth melt. Wish the crostini was just a tad bit softer, but luckily, I have strong teeth. Keep in mind you'll be sharing this plate as I guarantee your friends or partner will want more bites of it.I ordered the Orecchiette Carbonara. Fresh pasta with a unique blend and texture of alba mushrooms and peas. Although I enjoyed it, I didn't finish it because it was a bit too salty. Overall, I can really appreciate The Local for their attention to detail and presentation. You can tell there's a lot of TLC happening back in the kitchen by the ingredients used and presentation of plates. Beautifully modern, inventive and organic. This place has substance and I'll definitely be back soon to explore more of their menu, including dessert.
5	Chris and Adam really hit it out of the park with this one!  Ambience is fun and original, great vibe.  Drinks are excellent.  Food is fabulous!  Get the bone marrow, then do a luge shot out of the bone.  Gnocchi was more than I expected for sure.  Makes me wish I lived in Phoenix!  Great job!
3	Ok- what is the big deal?  I'm surprised to see how many 5 star reviews there are.  I agree with everything said in the 1 star reviews.  Late night menu sucks! If you're gonna be open til midnight... Have a better menu. Food... Eh. As previously mentioned the gnocchi is ONE gnocchi for $10.  I left starving.  Their menu contains a bunch of weird meat and zero vegetables.  I'm all for local meats but usually that type of clientele is big on greens! This place thought it was inventive & unique but it was limited & mediocre.  I'm seeing these rave reviews on ambience... I don't get it!  The Vig has ambience... This place is zzz.
3	Bicycled there for a mid-evening light meal and split two starters and a good whiskey.Friendly knowledgeable staff, timely service, decent whiskey selection. perfectly roasted beets, excellent medley of smoked fish. One quibble - the quinoa bed for the roasted beet salad was a bit tartly vinagary for our taste.There are a few more items we'd like to try.
3	Let me start by saying the food is amazing and the service was awesome. We had the Gnocchi appetizer which was good, not great. It was one large dumpling rather than small ones. Also, it was $10, which for a small appetizer isn't bad but it was much smaller than we anticipated. I had the Ox Tail tortellini which was simply the best tortellini I have ever had in my life. It was A-MA-ZING. Complex and powerful. The pasta was perfectly al-dente and the filling and sauce were explosive. My complaint? for $19 I should have gotten more than 6 tortellinis. My companion had the dinner salad which he loved, the presentation was awesome and it was flavorful. Yet again, for $15 it was way too small. We each had a dessert, the chocolate flourless tort with a custard and bacon and peanut butter ice cream. The chocolate tort part was outstanding, probably one of the best. The custard was kind of flat and bland and the bacon peanut butter ice cream was inedible. It had the consistency of congealed bacon fat on the tongue and the peanut butter over powered the bacon flavor. The menu is full of complex and different choices. "Pollen" and "dust" are used more than once in the descriptions. This place is for the adventurous. All in all a very good meal, we had two drinks and a beer in addition to the above for a little less than $100. Which brings me to the detractors. For a $100 dinner I should not have to stop at the taco truck on the way home for Super Mega Nachos (not to say I wouldn't anyway but I shouldn't have to). The portions were so amazingly small I am getting hungry thinking about it. Plan on either spending double what I did or stopping for a burger on the way home. This place is a real risk for the area, I am not 100% certain Roosevelt can support this type of experience. I hope it goes well but I am suspect.
3	The food really was Exquisite! It was masterfully crafted and made with the very best of high end ingredients.  I will be Blunt and Honest as I always am.I get more filled up eating a select few samples from Costco than I did sharing two appetizers and one lunch plate at the Local. I do note Costco Samples are NOT Exquisite and I do prefer exquisite food.I enjoyed the different fresh flavors of what they called a Roman Style Gnocchi. I read that it's made with semolina flour but if I were to name and guess what this dish was to me it almost seemed like a Polenta Lasagna with a very sweet slow cooked tomato sauce. To me it was very interesting and very layered I tasted many different components. I enjoyed it. My husband felt very different and I think he was in a bad mood. I won't share what he said. ( $10.00 )We both enjoyed the Grilled Cauliflower very much. The Cauliflowers were roasted with crispy ends just like I make them and I never tasted cooked radishes that tasted that good. Everything on that plate harmonized well. (There just wasn't much of it. ( $12.00 )I was wrong not to say something about the Seared Tuna Nicoise ($16.00) I think it was missing the Calabrian Chili Oil that it desperately needed.(An opening Hiccup ) But after taking a bite I had almost nothing left so it didn't seem to be logical to say anything. This dish was beautiful in appearance. For a moment I forgot where I was and was thinking Binkley's. The fish was fresh but what I tasted was a little bland and flat. I do note this dish came with an exceptionally good prepared 1/2 egg and crisp and creamy fingerling potatoes.I enjoyed the restaurant where the chef/owner worked before so I thought I'd enjoy the local. I did enjoy most of the food but it's not enough to return to leave hungry again. At the moment I'm wondering what did they do with that other 1/2 of egg?2.5 stars
5	Unbelievable food! The gnocchi was my absolute favorite and you cannot miss it if you go there. I really feel like we go out to dinner a ton, and this place did not have a dish even close to sub-par.  Loved our waiter, great service....it will be a place we talk about often.  Nice work, we will be back with friends soon!
2	Maybe I jumped the gun by suggesting to have brunch here last Sunday. I usually wait for a new restaurant to be open a few months before trying it, but I sometimes make an exception if there are rave reviews. In this rare occasion Yelp had failed me.My husband and I had met my friend here and we shared 3 different plates. It wasn't noted that this was "tapas" style on the menu at all, nor was it suggested how to order, so we thought 3 dishes for 3 people would be enough food. For drinks my husband had a Sleepy Dog Hefeweizen, my friend a cocktail and I ordered a mimosa which was a pretty good deal at $5. My husband and friend's drinks came out immediately, while I was told they were waiting for a bottle of champagne to open. About 10 minutes later I received my drink. Two of our orders arrived first, the tuna poke and the lamb kimchi fried rice. Our server then came over  told us that their computers had gone down, and due to the error he gave us a complimentary pig ear pad thai. We said "Thank you" as it's always nice to have that type of error work in your favor. He put the plate down on the table and as we were about to dig in another staff member walked up to our table and took the pig ear plate away without saying a word........awkward. The server apologized for the mistake, as it must have been a misunderstanding. We started our meal and then the staff member came back a few minutes later and put the pig ear plate back on our table again without saying a word. We were somewhat apprehensive of eating it a this point, was it going to be taken away again? Anyway beggars can't be choosers, I was very appreciative of the complimentary entree, but the awkwardness that came with it really wasn't worth it.As for the food: the tuna poke was fresh tasting, but flavor wise it was nothing really special. The lamb kimchi fried rice tasted good, but was greasy and had the teeniest tiniest pieces of lamb in it. Our third order was the poutine, this was the best thing we had, it had a flavorful cream sauce, chunks of lamb and a runny egg. The pig ear pad thai was pretty good too, nice & crispy and came with pickled veggies. So why two stars? The portions sizes were laughable, each entree was about 5 bites max. We weren't informed that one dish per person isn't even close to enough food. We ended up having an extra dish due to the snafu, but we still all left hungry. It would be one thing if the food was amazing, then I would want to order more dishes, but nothing was very memorable or fantastic enough. The price point did not match the portion at all. The service was also lacking, the server took our credit card to run it, and then waited a good 20 minutes to receive it back after having to ask for it. Sorry but I can't see myself returning.
4	I went to the Local tonight with the husband to celebrate my birthday (just the two of us). I must say, it was pretty awesome. The decor looks similar to when it was Scratch, but they moved the bar and got new furniture. It looks nice. The service was great, attentive and informative. We ordered a bunch of things to share including the pig ear pad thai, the gnocchi, and the brisket. The gnocchi was good, but nothing crazy amazing. It is one large gnocchi.... it had the consistency of a souffle almost and tasted good, but I don't think it's worth the 10$ price tag. The pad thai, on the other hand, was amazing! It had so much flavor, it was tangy, spicy, savory, but mostly it tasted extremely fresh. I loved every bite....yum. The brisket was also good, but a little on the fatty side (I know that's kind of the nature of brisket, but the way it was cut left a lot of fat on). The sauce was delicious and complemented the meat well. It was herby, a little citrusy, and tasted great. It came with brussels sprouts (which were nicely cooked and tasty), potatoes (which were cheesy , but nothing too special), and amazing onions... these onions were fabulous, not oniony....very sweet. They were unbelievable. Lastly, we had the chocolate tart.... this was a tasty dessert, but they should probably call it a peanut butter dessert...the peanut butter taste was far stronger than the chocolate, which you could barely taste at all. Despite this, it was a tasty dessert. I definitely would like to come back here to try their brunch and the other items on their menu.Update: I have been back to the Local a couple times and it definitely has some highs and lows. The pig ear pad thai is consistently good. I have had drinks here a couple times and they are also good. I had a drink on their new happy hour when I went recently that was very tasty (I can't remember what it was called, but it was fruity with a touch of mint and was topped with a huge piece of citrus skin) and it was a decent deal at 6$ on special. We also had the brisket sliders (on our slider tour of phoenix) and I must say that they were ok, but nothing special. I wouldn't order them again. Further, the last time I went here, the service was terrible (incredibly slow, inattentice) and the DJ was playing music so loud, I couldn't even hear a conversation. I hope they can work out the kinks because it would be a nice place to catch happy hour.
1	This was my second visit, after the grand opening. This time, however, was very disappointing. The bone marrow appetizer was gelatinous and stuck to the inside of the bone, making it very hard to get it out without the bacon flying all over the plate. The taste also stayed with me through to the next day. Then, I had the chicken fried quail. Unfortunately, it wasn't crispy at all as the breading was gloppy as if it was not cooked properly. I understand that quail are small, and so to call this an entree and charge this much didn't make sense. To make matters worse, the biscuit was burned on the bottom (very obvious because it was black) but slightly raw and doughy in the middle. And the chipotle flavor didn't work for me. Maybe I just ordered the wrong things this time, but now let's talk about the service. While our waiter was nice, he came to our table two times not noticing that our drinks had been empty. And when my dining companion asked for another drink, he just walked away without asking me if I wanted another glass of wine. I shouldn't have to beg for another glass of wine and ask for it from a waiter a few yards away at the POS station. Also, I shouldn't have to ask what the specials are as this is the server's job. I was so impressed the first time we came here and we were checked on by 3 different people to make sure everything was alright. However, this time, not even the manager cared to make sure that we were okay and it was not even busy during this weeknight. It's too bad this restaurant spent so much energy at the beginning and then totally forgot how to run a business. We won't be back for sure.
5	Great food and drinks!  Adam, the owner is really cool.  Was there with the girlfriend and enjoyed the in house smoked salmon and grilled cauliflower dishes.  Can't wait to come back and see more of their rotating menu!  Chef has worked and some of the best restaurants in San Diego and AZ!  Adam gave us a great aperitif of the on tap Amaro Montenegro!!!
5	Wow!!! We are at first Friday downtown Phx. We were pleasantly surprised. Great new restaurant. The bar area is very cool and the food is amazing.I would have never tried roasted bone marrow but after talking with the chef Chris and was it the best choice yes it was. The house favorite Roman style gnocchi was incredible!!! Great Service and great food.
1	Downtown Phoenix newest place to see dude on dude action. Service was horrible tonight we had 4 waiters come up to our table each taking our drink order. One of the waiters gave us a fuck off look when we asked for a menus.  15 mins later when one of our waiters brought our drinks my beer was luke warm.
5	I'll start out with saying I have eating here several times and have tried almost every item on the menu. The staff is friendly and knowledgable and the owner stops by to check on our food every time I have been in. I would recommend going with a friend and sharing everything so you can try more items. My favorites are the Pig Ear, Grilled romain heart, and smoked brisket.
2	While the food was good, the portions are extremely small. And when I say small, they are small. For instance, the beet salad was not a salad but a tablespoon of quinoa with one small beet sliced into four spread into an arrangement on a long thin plate. Cost: $13... it should have been around $4 for this. The beer glasses were small is well. This was good for a try but I will not go back.I give the owner less than a year for business. The current model will not attract long term or repeat business.
5	First visit & fell in love. You must go & order the bone marrow it was sooooo incredible. We also tried the gnocchi which was delicious. Great spot for late night eats or happy hour. Luke is the bartender & makes fab drinks! Can't wait to go back and try the fried quail.
5	I didn't come here to eat, but to drink. The Local is hip!You get carafes of water with your order...whether you ask for it or not. This place is stylish. The music is great and just the right volume to enjoy it while you socialize. It's way aesthetic, and a good place to spend a night on the patio with your friends...and maybe even people-watch on a First Friday. Most importantly, the staff, including the guy at the door are freaking nice. I will return.
5	My wife and I went on a date to The Local and absolutely loved it! The food, service, affordability, and the atmosphere were incredible. You have to go check it out!!
1	My bf and I came here because on the online menu we saw the grilled romaine salad and wanted to try it out (we already went to Bliss for dinner). We walk in and let the guy know we are there to order the salad to go and he proceeds to send us to bar. Here is where the problem began, I over here the host tell the bartender they don't have the salad on menu anymore which is weird considering how long they have been open, next why couldn't he have told us at the door instead of telling us to go to the bartender. So the bartender came over to let us know the salad wasn't on the menu. He was not the friendliest bartender and we both work in the service industry. We decided to order a cocktail and then the salmon salad to go. While we are waiting we see the "host" next to us taking shots with two friends and thought this was weird. Anyways all this happened on Wednesday night and it was not busy at all. The drink was the only good thing about this place. We won't be back!
2	This place isn't going to last that long. Overpriced, rude servers, unwelcoming decor, I could go on and on. I will say the food was good, but for $23 I would hope to get more than 6 oz. of meat and two fingerlings and three brussels sprouts. Not worth it at all. Save your money and spend it at other great local establishments, there's plenty more places to choose from in town that are well deserving of your money.
4	We came here for happy hour before an event downtown. I was really excited when I saw their menu and website, so I was looking forward to trying it. I was impressed with the atmosphere of the restaurant and the host and server were both really friendly. Granted, when I arrived there was only one other table sat so I probably got some extra attention. Their happy hour prices are good. Only four beers on tap. A wide range of wine and cocktails though. We tried three items off the happy hour menu, pig ear pad Thai, market salad, and bone marrow. I really wanted the octopus so we ordered that too. The presentation was beautiful, but the octopus itself was just a touch fishy. I didn't think prices were that bad though I've read reviews that complain about them. I guess I'm used to higher prices in exchange for pretty food. I docked a star for lack of beers on tap, and I have to say I didn't care for the pig ear pad Thai. The pig ears were too crunchy.
5	GREAY service. Adam the owner is fantastic! Food was amazing and different! Cocktails are well made! The atmosphere was great...super chill!!! We will definitely come back soon!!! RIBLETS ARE AMAZING!!!!
5	I had the bone marrow and duck confit. Food was amazing, drinks superb, service friendly and atmosphere dripping with cool while not being stuffy at all. Highly recommend.
4	Cool new place on Roosevelt Row with inventive, flavorful and fresh cuisine!  Great, shaded patio, friendly service and delicious food...although the lunch portions are quite small even though they are beautifully prepared and presented.  I will definitely be back for drinks and dinner.
5	Thank you Chef Chris for an amazing experience of delicious cuisine.  The presentation was exquisite and your passion definitely shows. The best part is that we ate at midnight....who serves such mouth watering dishes?  THE LOCAL!! They actually serve until 2AM for all the late night snackers. This is my new favorite place downtown!! The staff is very efficient, professional and you can tell they love working there.
5	What an incredible meal. I live in NY and was in the restaurant industry in AZ for many years. I've known Chris from his days as a Sous Chef at NoCa and was delighted when my friend picked this for my first dinner back. Chris is extremely talented and the food was incredible.Portions and pricing were excellent. We ordered everything on the menu, including the specials. My favorites were the Pad Thai, Fried Green Tomatoes, Gnocchi and Riblets. Service, cocktails and wine were top-notch. I hope they become a pillar for this struggling part of town.Well done boys!
3	I was only able to sample a cocktail, so that is why I am giving it a three so far.  I would need to try the food next.  The cocktail menu was fun, and the quality was great.  The atmosphere was hip but still a little casual.  It's in a strip mall with another restaurant, so it was fun to semi-bar hop between the two.I would recommend checking this place out :)
4	Went for dinner last night and was very impressed with the ambiance, food and service.  We were well taken care of by the wait staff and the chef/ owner even came out to discuss the food with us. The Gnocchi  with Tomato Jam was amazing. Our entrees were equally as fantastic.I've seen a number of reviews here about portion size of food. Listen folks if you want huge portions of food on the cheap - go to Applebee's. This isn't about how much food you can fit on a plate for under $10. This is a dining experience with seasonal local food on an evolving menu.Looking forward to going back and would recommend it to others!
2	As I walk in I feel a sense and a vibe of freshness, and as I sit down I look around I feel at ease. The server comes with the menu and let me seat myself. Its cozy and and I sit down on the left hand couch. The table is too high for the couch which creates a weird posture for eating. I order a beer and wait for more of my party.The vibe is pretentious and shallow. Our server, and not only our server, hovers constantly asking how things are, ask if there's anything we need, interrupts conversations several times.. this is not good service. This is bad service. I don't want someone constantly on my ass when I am engaged with friends in conversations, and it is clearly that we are and have ordered both meals and drinks. We are paying customers - pardon me for wanting some time with the people I came here to meet, and not have a fit with the servers. The food was very pretty, and pridefully weird. It was more interesting than it was tasty and it is clear that the main goal is to use odd ingredients in an attempt to be hip, now and fusion. Sorry it does not work without tastiness. Novelty has a very short shelf life. Pigs ears do taste like pork rinds, no matter what kind of strange salad you bed it onto. And bone marrow.. as some love it, I find it difficult. The taste isn't that great and the texture requires motivation to handle. Motivation I personally cannot muster. The establishment is beautiful, and I love the idea.. because it is swank, it is on point, but the follow through falls flat. Service, food and drinks are less than I expect to pay for this kind of beautiful hip place. And the price only accompanies the locale, and not the iffiness of the meal. It's painfully pretentious and pricey and I expected so much more. I have doubt that the local will still be here for long, so if you really want to eat here - hurry.
5	Man this place is good. Started off with the bone marrow one with lamb bacon and one with caramelized onion, sweet and savory. One of the owners challenged me to the Jameson luge shot, way better than I thought it would beAnd the Branzino fish was also excellent!Tim made me a few good drinks at the bar. Great restaurant! Also, Jameson on tap!
5	Just stopped in for a beer and snack. Good craft beer selection, fun old school beats playing, friendly staff, and the chips and dip were tasty!
1	The food was good.  Terrible service!  If you get a server named Chad, just leave.  He was awful.  And bartender was pretty bad too.  Poured weak drinks and didn't mix them very well.
5	Visiting Phoenix for the ball game, we came across this restaurant in a food blog.  Plenty of parking in the back.  Great funky atmosphere.  Super clean.  We sat at the bar and were excited to see some local AZ beer taps.  We had also heard their mixed drinks were great and we weren't disappointed.  Ordered the pig ear pad Thai and the pork belly octopus to start out. PHENOMENAL!  Great mix of flavors and so fresh!  Entree was also amazing-fish over lentils, then paired it with the heirloom cauliflower.  We ate every morsel on the plate.  The entire experience was enhanced by the great customer service.  We got there right as they opened and the owners, while obviously busy, took time to talk with us.  All around, a great experience!
3	I want to love the local, and I'll probably go back (since it's local and open late), but I've never been blown away by a meal here.  The atmosphere is hip but comfortable- in addition to the patio, the dimly lit restaurant is divided into two halves:  a lounge, where there are bars and cushy seating, and the dining side, where the are a handful of tables and high-backed chairs.  The staff is friendly and service is perfectly fine.  The cocktail and wine menus both present lots of good and reasonably priced options, with rotating featured cocktails to spice things up a bit.  On our first trip, our server recommended a fantastic bottle of Pinot Noir that wasn't on the menu, which we greatly enjoyed.As for the food, I've been on two occasions and sampled a variety of dishes:  the heirloom cauliflower prepared two ways (once with lemon and cumin, the second time with cumin eggplant puree), pigs ear pad thai, bone marrow with lamb bacon, chicken fried quail with aged white cheddar and poblano biscuit, lemon poppyseed cake with avocado ice cream and lavender meringue, the cookie bar, chicken wings, bolognese tagliatelle, and grilled octopus and pork belly.  Some of the dishes are real hits, but others are near or total misses.  Oftentimes, this imbalance occurs in a single dish.  For instance, the grilled octopus was perfectly cooked, flavorful, and tender, but its accompanying pork belly was a tad dry.  The sauces did little to complement the dish and their flavors were too muted to accent it.  The chicken fried quail was tender, moist, and lightly but flavorfully battered, but the aged white cheddar and poblano biscuit paired with it lacked any poblano spice, had very little cheddar flavor, and was dry.  The chicken wings' smoky flavor was overpowering such that they couldn't be finished.  The pigs ears in the pad thai were perfectly cooked, but their flavor and much of their texture, along with the flavors one typically associates with pad thai, were lost in the bland dish.  The slices of peppers provided the only spice and the dish was dominated by the crunch and taste of bean sprouts.  The bolognese tagliatelle was decent, but primarily saved by the fantastic whipped mascarpone atop it.  I'll take a plate of that next time and skip the bolognese sauce, which overwhelmed the delicate tagliatelle.  (Was it properly cooked?  It's hard to tell under all of that meat sauce.  Or maybe that's the point?)  Lamb bacon is a delightful idea, but the gamey-richness of lamb was entirely lost in the crumbled bacon bits, although the bone marrow and and accompanying grilled, olive-oil drizzled crostini were lovely.  The heirloom cauliflower would be a perfect dish except that, on my first visit, it was too lemony and, on my second, the cumin in the sauce overpowered the vegetable, which, along with the blistered radishes, is so beautiful and well-prepared, you wish the kitchen would let it shine through. The desserts are the only part of the meal that seem consistent - on both trips they ended my meal on a high note.  The lemon poppyseed cake was perfectly moist and the rich avocado ice cream and delicate lavender meringue were delightful accompaniments.  The cookie bar, filled with melted chocolate and served with cinnamon ice cream, was rich and delicious.  In other words, definitely don't skip dessert.  I'll continue to support The Local because, well, it's local, keeps late hours, and the menu, which features rotating items and daily specials, has great potential.  I'm a huge fan of Atlas, where The Local's chef previously produced great dishes.  And, on each visit, I'll maintain high hopes the Local will impress me this time.
5	Our first time here and loved it . Great space with hip music and waiters . Great wine selection and unique menu. I had the brazio fish special which was amazing.
5	Great place!  From there moment we walked in we loved it. Intimate place, friendly people and a great urban location. We ordered an Arizona red wine and it was really great. I had the grilled romaine salad and it was crispy and the charred flavor have it a nice twist. My partner had the branzino and it was cooked to perfection. It was on a bed of barley and farro that was very creative and gave the fish an added flavor. I had the roasted bone marrow and it was delish. One bone had duck bacon (yum) and the second bone was bruleed which gave it a sweet and smokey flavor. Loved it!  Can't wait to see the fall menu. We'll be back.
4	As someone who grew up in central Phoenix, I've watched downtown really come up! We tried The Local this past weekend, after hearing great reviews. Location, decoration, and people watching A+++ with a super cool wait staff! We were cheerfully greeted by several employees and even though we were only stopping in to for dessert, they were very attentive and didn't just leave us sitting in some corner. The menu looked amazing, and so did the drink specials! My only complaint, would be menu pricing. I hate to say that hip&trendy comes at steep price? I think what makes downtown Phoenix appealing is that it's not overproduced, overpriced, and over the top. I'll be back for dinner and drinks, happy to have you in the neighborhood!
5	The meal was wonderful! There pork ribs have a succulent sauce and they are tender and crispy. The wings are just the right amount of spiciness and melt in your mouth.  Of course the marrow bone is cooked to perfection and the lamb bacon is a perfect touch.  They have a Roman Polenta Gnocci which is a beautiful sight to behold and even better to eat. Then there is the service...wow, every time we have gone there we have been greeted and treated like VIP's. All of the staff are great and know how to give you just the right amount of attention.I can't even describe the deserts because they so unique and yummy!Highly recommend!
5	The sweet nectar of youth dripping with gold. Seems to a little diamond out in the open. Heavy industry people from the looks of it. How I know this I am not proud. Yet the music is bright and sprite, with the gusto of self-deprecated laughter. Or maybe it is just me| NOte. Keep going.
5	My husband and I love trying new places with unique meals. After all, he is in culinary school and works at a restaurant. This place was very modern and fun. The Conquistador was an amazing drink, perfectly sweet. I got the Heirloom Cauliflower and my husband got the brisket and we were both very pleased. We had started off with the pig ear dish that was so savory. I highly recommend this place. We had a fantastic time and the chef was awesome and came over to say hello. Can't wait to go again.
4	Okay.  So I wouldn't normally give a loungey trendy downtown PHX restaurant 4 stars however, I was impressed.  By far the best dish I had was the pork belly.  Now I know that pork belly is trendy and a lot of restaurants have it now.  I'm guilty of ordering it at all those restaurants.  I will put myself out there and say this pork belly dish is the best I've had yet.  Don't take my word for it just try it.  Chill atmosphere and great food.  Well worth the visit and I will come back.
5	I went here for restaurant week. We had just about everything on the menu, and every dish exceeded our expectations. I loved everything, but the pork belly was my favorite. The octopus and bone marrow are also two don't miss dishes. This was a true culinary experience. Tim our server was awesome, and everyone from the hostess to the owner we incredibly helpful and friendly. I travel to the area on business often, and will make a point to come back to this restaurant.
1	So we read great things about this place and we were excited to try it out. When we got there it looks like they have closed down. Sad we never got to try them out. It's been tough location for several restaurants.
