5	C-Fu has been rated the #1 Chinese restaurant in the Valley many times. It's menu is HUGE!  Amazing seafood here also.  Very fresh, very delicious!  One of the things I like about C-Fu is that there is a list of sauces and preparations and you decide what you want with it.  You want shrimp, tofu , and scallop Kung Pao? No problem. The combinations are endless.Best dim sum around also. Lots of carts going around with lots of fresh items.  I went there with a couple of guys from Hong Kong, and they said it was some of the best dim sum they had had in the U.S.  One thing I did notice is that the REALLY obscure and odd stuff (deep fried chicken feet, tripe) comes around early in the service, and the more mainstream items (ribs, egg rolls) tend to come out after 11:30 or so.  Don't know if it's intentional, but it seems to be a trend.  Yes, it's loud and raucous, but from what I was told by the Hong Kong dudes, that's the way it is over there.  If you are looking for an austere Sunday brunch, C-Fu is not the place to go.
4	Coming from the Bay Area where there are millions of great Chinese restaurants, I have to say that C-Fu is pretty good. Who would have though in AZ? Dim sum is good. I love the cheese wontons.
4	The dim sum is very good at C-Fu. It's always crowed over weekend. The only think I always told people about this restaurant is that their food is too salty. It tastes very good, but you will have to keep drinking water or tea to digest the salt. They have the test chicken feet in town. Don't tell me you don't like it until you give it a try. :-)
4	Pretty good Chinese food.  Great atmosphere.
5	Been to C Fu many times.  Figured I may as well write a review now. I've only been to C Fu for dim sum.  Since leaving my comfort zones of the Bay Area and Las Vegas, I was dying for dim sum.  What a gem this place is.It's loud, crazy and over crowded on the weekends, but service is fast, nice and friendly.I love the dim sum.  Dare I say I've found my all time favorite dim sum place ever?  I think I am going to!We've taken some of my husband's co-workers to dim sum -- we think it may have been a bit too exotic and overwhelming for them.  We didn't care, we still ate.A definite place to be for cheap group eats.
2	The dim sum was pretty tasty the first time I went. The second time I went,  we ordered vegetable fried rice...maybe the chef was having an off night, but the veggies were straight from the freezer bag and still cold. (you know, the little orange carrot cubes and peas from that mixed back in your local grocery store freezer?)  That off night turned us off to the place - how hard is to to chop some carrots up and stir fry with some rice..so we never went back. Its big inside and the entry way has statues and such that are entertaining to look at. Stick with the Dim Sum.
1	After reading all the reviews here about C-Fu Gourmet being the best place for dim sum in the valley, I am really disappointed to be writing my first 1 star review for the areaWas the service rude and uncaring? The answer here is yes.  Especially the way that push-cart servers call out the food which make you feel like you're in a rowdy tourist market full of cheap knock-offs they're trying to get rid of.  But all would have been forgiven if only the dim-sum being served was any good.  However the dishes we ordered reflected a sloppy kitchen that was focused solely on putting in minimal effort and taking every possible shortcut on the food. Dishes that made me ashamed to be Chinese (yes, the level that C-Fu dimsum brought it down to was that bad):-  Fried glutinous rice:  The preserved meat that was supposed to flavor the dish was MIA. We complained to one of the waiters who replied that "they probably forgot" (um are you sure it's not cost cutting for those who don't know any better?).  More over, the proper way to cook this classic dish would be like risotto where you're constantly stirring and gradually adding water just a little bit at a time (except of course everything is being done in a wok)...Here the C-Fu kitchen obviously just shoved the whole thing into an electric rice-cooker and try to stir fry the huge sticky mess at the end by adding in gallons of oil.   -  Glutinous rice with chicken steamed in lotus leaf:  Once again that electric rice cooker in the back of the kitchen must be working real hard cause the dish lacked the aroma that it would have had if it had actually been steamed in lotus leaf.  Just tasted of sloppy topping of minced chicken and last minute wrapping in the lotus leaf.Dishes I was amazed by (and no not in a good way):-  Deep fried taro dumpling:  Have never quite had it in that simplistic way before where the filling literally was just mashed taro held together by a prodigious amount of oil-  Steamed bok choy:  How the heck do you get oil into steamed vegetable?  C-Fu managed to accomplish this amazing feat of greasy steamed vegetable...unbelievableOn a good note, the Siu Mai was decent.  We did keep on ordering more dishes hopping that something good would pop up...but nope that was it,...so if  you must go to C-Fu for dim-sum...just order order a lot of siu mai and be careful of all the other dishes.  Dinner here was much better. 1 star is for dim-sum only.Next time I have a dim-sum craving, you'll be finding me across the valley at China Chan's (Glendale) where the short & sweet dimsum offering is cooked by a man who doesn't cut corners and it shows.  That's where I'll be sticking to from now on.
1	hilarious! where did the screaming yellow  "....we reserve the right to add 15% gratuity to your bill....." signs go?  aka we know the service and dimsum sux, so we'll try and make money another way.  best dimsum in phoenix (pretty low standards for a desert community i guess)  luckily there's plenty of competition now in the east valley (hint: go 1 mi east, 1 mile  south) NW corner, get there before 11am on weekends or stand in line with the rest of the other asians.
2	Dim sum is pretty bad. I have never tried such bad dim sum in my life before.Service is not that good too.Those who've never tried dim sum in their life before will say this place is good but actually it is NOT good at all. There are 3 good dim sum places in Phoenix area: Golden Buddha, Great Wall, Phoenix Palace on Ray (not the one on Warner).China King is above average but it is not in my favorite list.
1	My husband and I both got sick after eating here.  How come there is always a line on the weekend?
4	Dimsum - wide- array of selection, and affordable! 4/5Our first time to C-Fu was about a year ago. We weren't impressed by the taste and quality of the dimsum there and left with so-so taste in our month. Today we went back again for their dimsum and surprisingly found out that they had improved the quality a lot! We have 5-6 dimsum carts around us all the time and the service was good. The food was great as well. We will go back for dimsum again.
2	I was a little disappointed with both the variety and quality of the dim sum.  There are the standard har gow, sui main, egg tarts -- but they all miss the spot and there was something amiss with each one of them.  The price was okay (around $15 per person) but I wouldn't be racing back here.
2	I ate here for lunch today...am I missing something from all the rave reviews...I had the Chicken Lo Mein, the quality of the chicken and lo mein noodles is cheap, the hot & sour soup was okay but nothing grand, fried rice was plain, and the egg rolls weren't spectacular.My dining companions had general's chicken, and mongolian beef...and they didn't seem to like their meal ither.Over all it was a 1 star, but the 2nd star for the price and the soup.
4	DIM SUM suckas! DIM SUM.Dim Sum is the greatest thing to hit food since teeth.I have been holding off on writing this Yelp for months now.  I just could not figure out a way to wrap my head around the awesomeness that is Dim Sum.  I have been eating here pretty much every weekend since I was first introduced to it by fellow Yelpers Jenn H. and  Scott S.  Joe Crack played a role in the introduction as well.  Joe Crack is not a Yelper (He should be though.) but he is a wizard.  So you should be willing to take the suggestion of someone so wise in the ways of the world. He also coined the phrase "No Goddamn BBQ pork bun!" Which turns out to be a useful phrase when having Dim Sum, cause they try to shove that down your throat from every cart that comes strolling by.The absolute greatest thing about Dim Sum is the ability to be eating awesome food within seconds of sitting down.  From the moment you sit down they are coming by with carts of amazing, trying to get you to try everything from BBQ pork bun to Chicken feet.  You could, if you were so inclined, be in and out of the place in 15 minutes and have a belly full of really tasty Chinese food bits. Some of my favorite things are:The Chinese BroccoliThe Spring rollsThe Curry meat TrianglesThe pot stickersAnd...My absolute favorite is the Sticky rice. If you go to Dim Sum you have to get the sticky rice.  It is a ball of rice wrapped in a lotus leaf.  Then Jesus and Buddha get together and cry tears of joy over the amazing creation. Then Luke Skywalker and Captain Kirk bless it with a light saber and Tricorder. Then Kurt Cobain plays a misunderstood song over it. Then right before it gets to your table the entire restaurant does a rendition of "Be our Guest" from Beauty and the Beast as Pamela Anderson and Jenna Jameson deliver it while talking in tongues.  It is that good people.
4	Dim Sum mmm mmm  good!  My wife and I had to pretty much roll out of there...we ate WAY too much!  The biggest problem was that you keep ordering more and more as the carts roll by.  We've been back a few times for Dim Sum and will be going back again!
2	Owie. My belly hurt after eating here. I was looking forward to steamed veggies, but they didn't have any. Said they were out. Total bummer. So, I ate some shrimp spring rolls and sampled others. I steered clear of fried stuff, but it didn't seem to matter. My belly was upset almost immediately. Maybe it was the coconut bread. I couldn't help myself; it was super tasty!After my friends had plucked something off the dessert cart, the server brought us some bok choy. I thought they were out, but I guess they had some hiding in the kitchen? Anyway, I ate that happily. It was the first time I ever tried bok choy. I'm a fan! Not of this place but of the super healthy veggie. I think I'd rather go to YC's Mongolian Grill again before ever coming back here.
2	It hurts my inner Asian to give Dim Sum only two starts, but this place is lacking. This place would be out of business so quick if it were in California. I've been to take out Dim Sum places that would shame this place. The best dish was probably just average, and there were some that were... not good. Please do not just Dim Sum from this place, its not a good representation.
3	I love this place for their lunch items, which I would give 4-stars.  You pick a style of Chinese, meat, and soup.... bam your tongue is destroyed with awesomeness.But the Dim Sum is very lacking.  I tried it for the first time a few days ago and I was expecting crazy awesome food but what I got was adequate.  Most everything was either a dumpling or a dumpling cousin.  Also it didn't really help that 4 people there speak English and the 5th lady is the one who was serving us.My recommendation is to stick to the "lunch" option when they ask you "Dim Sum or lunch?"  It's better tasting food, more filling, and it only costs $5 a plate.
4	I'm slowing picking off members of my family and converting them to dim sum. Ah yes, domination by egg custard or, perhaps, bok choy. It serves as a solid culinary experience when I can't venture to Chinatown in San Fran for a fix. C-Fu offers a fantastic selection of barbeque pork buns (steamed is better, according to youngest bro), eggplant stuffed with shrimp (my fave) and spicy calamari. Consider it tapas, Chinese style.
2	Came here for a group dinner, and wasn't impressed with the food menu. Granted its Chinese multi-course dinner, but there wasn't much flavor in anything. The soup was okay (its difficult to mess up soup), and the soda was fine, but everything else was just so bland. The waiters were quick to bring everything out and clean up the table, but nothing memorable stood out in the dining experience. The drinks at the bar were watered down and weren't nearly worth the $6 price tag, as cheap as that is.
3	The best dimsum in Chandler or Phoenix for that matter.I think its the only dimsum in Phoenix!!!!!Am giving this place 3 stars in relative scale to other dimsum places in Phoenix, not sure if there is any other...Compared to its counterparts in LA and SF, errrr I would not say its as good as the average dimsum places in those cities...
4	Who pays attention to health code violations anyway? I can tell you how I know this place is good: every single time I go here for dinner I'm the only non-Asian in the place.  So there you have it, if it's good enough for the locals it's good enough for me.  I've been to a brazillon (as  Pres G.W. Bush would say) Chinese Restaurants back east, including Philly and NYC and this place can definitely hold it's own.  Yes, it's a little dirty, yes the service is spotty, they are not constantly coming around refilling your water everytime you take a sip, but the food is first rate!  I recommend the Crispy Spinach '2' dish that is on the menu under house specialties; it's a bed of fried spinach with a spicy chicken, shrimp, and vegetable medley on top. fantastic!  The wonton soup is also very good, a little different than I'm used to; the wontons here are filled with meat and seafood.  All the seafood at C-Fu is wonderful, very fresh and prepared the way you ask for it. Keeping up the "Friday night is Chinese food night" tradition that my dad bestowed upon me as a kid, I typically find myself eating here or at least getting take out once a week. I give C-Fu two thumbs up.
3	I've never had dim sum before but we've been here a few times. The food is good, tasty, and average. The bready things with meat or custard are awesome and some of the shrimps are good, too. I've never had a problem getting served here or missing carts. This is definitely a place to go with friends or a group so you can split up the bill.
4	I have only been to their Dim Sum once, it had an amazing variety and the carts were always circulating and available. The prices were reasonable and all the food fresh and delicious especially the pastries. They didn't have a lot of vegetarian food which was a disappointment but I would go back anyway just to get a table full of their sesame balls (they are the best pastry I have ever had). Mostly I go here for dinner. Their food is good, not the most amazing but they have big servings and the service is always good. The place is HUGE, they even have a karaoke section sort of walled off which I sometimes see people using I am guessing you have to book it or something. My favorite part is that when they have pastries left over from Dim Sum they give them out for free after your meal, you don't always get one but when you do it makes you think "yes, I am the lucky one".
3	Used to go here often for dim sum and have enjoyed the experience each time.  Although dim sum is served daily, I've only visited on Saturdays and Sundays.  Gets VERY crowded after 12pm, so try and arrive by 11am if you want a chance at the fresher selections.  Love their egg tarts, beef tripe, short ribs, mango custard, shu mai, sugar cane shrimp, and fried rice balls (with seasoned ground pork filling).  Be sure to try and ask for a table near the aisles as sometimes it's hard for the ladies to maneuver the carts in between tables.  Prices are decent for each dim sum item.  We sometimes order a couple of dishes off the regular menu, to supplement the smaller dim sum items.  Since PHX doesn't offer alot of dim sum options, C-Fu will remain my top choice for dim sum cravings.
3	I use to go there every weekend for dimsum.I didn't mind waiting 30 min to get in, the food was good.BUT...one day I saw food from the cart dropped on the floor, and the manager came quick and put that food back in the plate and served....I could not believe my eyes.That was the last day for me and C-Fu restaurant.
1	This place is used to be my favorite Dim Sum restaurant, but I have not visited them for a while. It's not because of their foods. Their foods is good and service is OK. It's their sneaky behavior at the register that bothers me. I don't know if they are still doing the same thing, but I just got pissed of once for all. Here is the story. I was at the cashier desk to pay my bill. The lady at the counter did not know I can understand Cantonese. So the lady told customer, who is a friend of her, that the 15% tips is already included in the credit card receipt as total. So there is no need to put tips in the blank tip line. What a shocking finding. If you don't calculate your total bill, you may be paying double tips! What a shame on them. I don't mind to pay 20% tips, but they should told their customer that the total number on your receipt already includes tips!I have not visited the restaurant since!
4	Love this place.  The hot sauce complemts every item. Kids like the constant dim sum action.
1	This place is so awful that I don't even want to spend too much time writing this review.Food is mediocre, service was extremely rude, my catering order was never filled and when I called to confirm the order one hour prior to pickup they just simply told me they didn't make it and wasn't planning on doing it...huh?  I once found a cooked cockroach in my dim sum dish...that was it...would never ever go back.
2	cheapskates set their a/c at 80 degrees. this is az. we can't enjoy anything with a/c at full blast.
4	Our family has been eating here for years so its not surprising my dad picked C-Fu for his Fathers Day lunch.  Although it was jam packed the wait wasn't bad (15 minutes).  Dim-Sum was, as always, delicious and the variety (always the best on the weekends especially Sunday/Holiday) was plenty.  We ordered our standard salty-fish fried rice which never disappoints.  **If you've been here and have never had it, try it**I'm as patient as they come so i wasn't bothered by the small wait for the right dim-sum cart to roll by or the drink refill.  It was Fathers Day so it was expected.Until next time...
2	My Aunt Sue and Uncle Frank told me about C-Fu Gourmet awhile ago, and invited me to join them for dim-sum once or twice... they rave about this place, making the drive to Chandler from North Scottsdale quite often, so I figured it would be worth it.  I saw there were mixed opinions on previous Yelp reviews for C-Fu, but sometimes you want to decide for yourself...Well, in this instance, I agree more with the Yelp average rating than I do with my Aunt and Uncle... Jared and I really wanted to like this place, but nothing about it was that great.It has an old school Chinese feel to it, but the food was nothing to write home about... we had an order of egg rolls, wonton soup, chicken with Chinese veggies, and a noodle dish... you'd think something would stand out, but unfortunately, it didn't.  It was all pretty bland.  We didn't even take home our leftovers... (that's when you know it's bad!)Needless to say, we won't be returning to C-Fu, so I cannot even say "C U to C-FU," cause I won't!
4	I'm pretty sure this is the only place in Chandler that serves Dim Sum.  Although it's the only option, it's a pretty good option.I recommend having Dim Sum here on the weekends.  During Saturday and Sunday, they offer a pretty extensive Dim Sum menu.  I pride myself in being an adventurous eater, and this is the perfect place for people like me.  They have the usual Dim Sum fare, but they also have dishes like jellyfish, tripe soup, chicken feet, etc.. It may seem a little intimidating to a newcomer, so ask a person at the next table for recommendations if you need it.  The regular menu is pretty good as well.I have dined here with my family for years.  This is a perfect place to have a family gathering.  You can have a nice hearty and delicious dinner for 12 people for less than $100, and that includes drinks a bunch of food left over to take home.My favorite dishes here are:Beef Westlake Style Soup.Salty Fish and Chicken Fried RiceHong Kong Style Pan Fried NoodlesPeking DuckPeking Pork ChopsFried Flounder w/ Black Bean SauceSpicy Eggplant w/ TofuThe staff is always friendly.  As with all Dim Sum style restaurants, don't be afraid to flag down the cart lady, and if that doesn't work, flag down the waitress and tell her what you want.  They always seem willing to help in the event that you get skipped over in the rotation.In the event that you are in need of banquet service, this is a very viable option.  I had 85+ people come celebrate my wife's birthday a few years ago, and this restaurant did not disappoint.  All I actually had to do was call a week in advance, let them know my budget, choose the dishes, and make the payment.  They took care of everything else.  It was nice and easy and I took credit for it all.
2	SEVERAL years ago, this was the place to grab dim sum.  But much better have popped up and the crowds moved on, and this fell to the wayside.  You can tell easily by the lack of (Asian) customers.On a whim, tried it again.  Meh.  Egg tarts were the best part, but there is so much better dim sum not much farther away.
2	This place is sneaky!!  They do not tell you that they include a 15% tip on your total for the check already. No mention of that.  Our bill was $20 and some change, so my husband left a 4 dollar tip on the tip line and paid with a credit card. So I notice on our statement that it charged the $25 something and then a few days later, ran another $5 charge. So not only do they add on 15%, but they added it on to the total of what the bill was AFTER the tip he wrote in....so we paid another 15% of the bill plus the tip he wrote in.  WHAT?   I thought, what the hell is that????  And then I scanned some other reviews and saw that someone mentioned an automatic 15% tip added on. So beware of that and don't tip!!  Your bill already has it in there.Other than that I did enjoy the place and the Dim Sum is decent, though I have not experienced much to compare with. The decor is dark, dingy and sort of run down looking. The place is huge.  It's an adventure, and honestly, that part was fun, but the sneaky charges really left a bad taste in our mouths.
2	Let me preface my review with the fact that I did not get an opportunity to try their dim sum because I went on a Saturday.Their food is fairly average from everything I had; nothing was bad, but nothing was exceptional either.  I went with 4 friends, and had originally ordered a Mango shrimp dish that sounded fantastic.  About 5 minutes before they brought out the rest of the tables food (after bringing appetizers), they told me that they were out of the dish I ordered.  I feel like if they were out of the dish, this could have been told to me much more quickly so I could have updated my order earlier.This was just one instance of the overall poor service we received.  One of my fellow diners kept trying to get his drink with just a little bit of ice, and only once did he accomplish this throughout the meal.  Every time they brought him a drink with ice packed to the rim of the cup you could see a look of defeat on his face.  Finally toward the end of the meal, he resorted to illustrating about how much ice he wanted using his fingers on the side of the cup.  When the lady returned with a cup full of ice, and Pepsi filled only to the level his finger  had indicated, we all burst into laughter.To summarize: mediocre food, mediocre at best service...
4	Very good, fantastic menu selection.
4	I am going to visit C-Fu for dinner again and write a review for that separately. It has been a while since I visited this place for just dinner, so I will keep this review to my recent visit for dim sum.In my humble opinion, C-Fu is the best Dim Sum in the valley. I am a firm believer in having to switch up dim sum joints between here, China King and Phoenix Palace, to keep it fresh. That being said, when bringing someone new into the world of dim sum or when entertaining from out of town, C-Fu is old faithful for consistency and variety. The owner is constantly walking around with the most exotic of the dim sum dishes, lobster, clams in black bean sauce, calamari, etc.  Plenty of the standard dumplings and spring rolls to be found for the timid while the next cart brings chicken feet, tripe and tofu wrapped egg rolls for the more experienced. I generally order the 50/50 jasmine flower tea instead of the normal fare, but both are solid choices, no matter what you end up with.  When the meal is done, you simply take your card to the front, tip is added automatically and you are on your way out.  Giving C-Fu four stars for the dim sum and dinner review to follow.....
4	So I haven't been here for dimsum, like everyone else seems to be reviewing, so I guess I"ll clarify... My review is for their dinner menu.A friend and I had dinner last week and we ended up at C-Fu because I was in the mood for some authentic Chinese.  Well, he's Chinese (kinda - haha) and recommended this restaurant because he grew-up coming here with his parents.  We ordered some dumplings, which they steamed for us, a spicy pork chop dish and then I ordered my favorite which wasn't on the menu, sauteed fish filet in black bean sauce.  All of the food was good and they were very nice in accommodating my special order.  I'd reorder any of the dishes we had again, and I really loved having left-overs the next day. :)See ya there!
2	They have a good thing going here and they just don't know it or don't care about their customers.  Upon arriving the restaurant was dingy and crowded with people waiting.  I understand most Chinese restaurants are dingy, but some still have great food so I ignored the atmosphere.  We waited for about 10 minutes and were seated.  Once we were seated we saw about 8 open tables, but still a crowd of people waiting by the door.  Obviously, they don't manage seating their patrons very well.  The food was ok, not as good as Chinatown in Chicago.  Their dumplings and siopaio were tasty, but BBQ pork was fatty and dry like jerky.  Their servers were less than friendly and treated us like we were an inconvenience.  I'd go back to try some items on their menu, since some of their items were good.  The only reason I would go back is because it is hard to find authentic Chinese food near Scottsdale.  I will give them another chance also because their owner actually read my review and apologized for my bad experience.
5	We had our rehearsal dinner here. The owner helped us with our budget, gave us a custom specialty order. It was great! The food was very good!
1	all i can say is YUK and thats not a chinese  for terrible this is probley the most disgusting dim sum  ever  alot of deep fried dishes the place had a nasty stinge when i walked in on a high note the staff was quite friendly .....they better be for the food...and i use the term loosley ......they are serving
5	Wow, what a GemWe are from the SF Bay area and great chinese food is hard to find.  We have done the dim sum which was great but the chinese dinners we have been having are even better.  We had the War Won Ton soup which was really tasty, chicken with black bean sauce was awesome, and the lobster with ginger and scallions was to die for.  We have eaten here about 10 times and will definitely come back.
4	Still the best Dim Sum in the Valley.  Not quite up to Portland's standards, but it's right there.
1	I came here for dimsum with a few friends during lunch. The quality of the food is mediocre compared the legit ones in Hacienta Heights, CA or San Gabriel, CA. My friend and I are hardcore dimsum fans, so we have been to this dimsum a few times, until we decided to change to the one across the street called Phoenix Palace Buffet. For some reason, we returned back to C-Fu to try it again, but the service was horrible!! We requested water and tea, and in my water cup and all around it were white residue from a previous mixed drink of another customer. I had already drank half of the iced water and realized there was all over the sides of the cup. I immediately asked for a replacement and even the server was grossed out! They did not do anything to compensate for such a gross encounter, which in the end made everyone at the table lose our appetites. Seriously... traumatized. Definitely not coming back until their service improves!
4	Some say that C-Fu has the best Chinese food in the Phoenix area, I disagree. I'd say that C-Fu is definitely above average, but not the best. It's definitely worth a trip, especially during lunch when they serve dim sum.C-Fu  not only has the standard menu items such as Sweet and Sour Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and Chow Mein, but they also have some unique items such as Shark Fin Soup, several duck and ostrich dishes, and sea cucumber dishes.Above average taste coupled with good dim sum gives C-Fu an above average rating of four stars.
5	i don't know why most people give this such bad reviews, maybe it is just not new enough.  The food is always great.  I grew up in New York eating chinese food.  The food here is authentic, not spicy in general - mostly cantonese style but very good.  They will make your fried rice with bean sprouts and not carrots and peas if you ask.  The Dim Sum is better than Phoenix Palace (we had a blind taste test at home after doing takeout from both).  Service is always great.  Mongolian beef is great, salt and pepper shrimp or pork choops are very good. try the duck Mu shu. my wife loves the orange beef.
5	Best Dim Sum in Phoenix.
4	I've been meeting with friends here for dim sum for the past few years and also had dinner here a few weeks ago. The food is consistently quite good, affordable, and fresh. The service is generally quite good as well.My bride and I held our wedding reception here this past weekend in the small private room at the back of the dining room. The service and food were great and our guests enjoyed the dim sum adventure, a first for many of them. Fun and affordable!The fun part is we'll be able to return to our reception restaurant with our friends anytime we like.
5	Love the dim sum on Sunday afternoons. Always end up bringing home a lot of leftovers as the little carts full of delicious food keep strolling by. Dim sum is a great way to try a variety of foods and this is a great place for it.
4	Just went here on Christmas day. Arizona is not known for having any great Chinese restaurants. I honestly find Panda Express the only better quality Chinese food around locally. Mostly what you find are buffets, and I hate those. C Fu Gourmet is different. It's actually a real Chinese restaurant! It's located in a shopping center in Chandler with a handful of Asian businesses. This is a non-discript place, but once inside, you get the feel of a real Chinese restaurant. It has the fish tank and handi-crafts for sale, but the work force is Asian and the customers were mostly Asian and that's a really good sign. One thing you notice is the servers going around with carts that have daily specials on them. They go table to table and offer you to try the Dim Sum or other option. We ordered off the menu. I had the Kung Pau chicken meal that comes with rice, a spring roll, and  soup. I wasn't crazy about the soup. It was wonton and it was okay, but there was something about it that I didn't like, not sure what though. The Kung Pau chicken was awesome! It had just the right flavor and it was the perfect amount for one person. The spring roll was pretty good too. It wasn't oily which makes all of the difference with a spring roll. Had a great time and a great meal. I found the staff to be friendly and they answered all of our questions. I would go back again.
1	I decided to check this place out after having driven by it numerous times and had a few friend say that they liked the place a fair deal.  I was hungry and craving chinese, so why not I figured.Called in to see if they were open and they were, but hearing that they had an hour wait, I elected to carry out.  15-20 minutes is about average so I didn't say boo.  25 minute prep time isn't too far outside of the estimate and they were busy after all.The barbecue pork lo-mein was not the best ever.  Pork had a fatty texture, and the dish as a whole was okay though a bit bland.  The duck won ton soup was pretty good....Right until I got to the meat.  Almost every piece had either bones or bone chips in it.  I am not sure if that is a normal part of how it's made, but I have never experienced the like before and it was a put off.The experience over the phone and waiting was fair.  The place was packed due to being one of the rare places open Christmas night  and I understand the pressure of being a host or hostess in this situation, but I saw this girl loose her composure a few times in the 15 minutes I was there, once pretty majorly.With the bones, fatty flavor and other worries, I managed a few bites overall before my $20 meal went into the garbage disposal or trash.  I'm stunned with the overwhelming good reviews, as my experience was so weak as I had pretty much a poor experience overall and a lot of disappointment.I may or may not give them another shot in the future.  At the moment, I doubt it.
3	Almost makes me feel like home in San Francisco.I come here for the dim-sum, tasty treats, Chinese tapas, appetizers if you will.  They have a good selection and will easily have whatever they don't immediately have rolling around in the carts made for you. Pricing is fair.  Service is friendly and decor is straight out of SF dim-sum palaces.My favorites: pot stickers and steamed Cha siu bao's (pork bun).
5	So my husband and I have been coming here for quite some time.  We lived in Los Angeles and frequented many Dim Sum places there.  We also Visit Vancouver and get some great Chinese food from chinatown.  This restaurant is and has been a great representation of chinese food. Here in AZ there are many fast food places that dumb down there representation of chinese food.  Orange chicken and Sweet and sour chicken aren't the only fantastic dishes the chinese have to offer.  Broaden your culinary horizons and try something more authentic.  Try Dim sum ... It's awesome and fun!!
2	Been coming to C Fu a couple times a year for years....We have our traditional Christmas Dim sum every year..and for the last couple years it has been losing its once wonderful food and service qualities.This Xmas we were dissapointed enough that we wont be back!80% of the food we were served was not even lukewarm.  We tried to request fresh hot items but we were only successful in a few items.I even spoke with the owner...as we usually do, to say hello ....this time we told him of our concerns and dissapointed and he didnt seem too concerned.We also notices several items have shrunken in size....We have found a couple Dim Sum restaurants that have high reviews and that is what we will try next.Cold food is Unacceptable and owners lack of concern is a concern....I noticed the lack of customers...maybe that is why the food was cold....I realize it is dim sum and cant stay hot...however it has always been at least warm...and you used to always be able to request fresh hot items, without them using the microwave to warm the food up...Note to Owner:..... With the economy the way it is you are really gonna have to step up and start serving a better quality that you could be proud of!
3	I went back after a bit of time and after invites from the Manager after my last visit.  I decided to go back after the manager talked to me after a bit.  I decided to go for it.I went back for the pork wonton soup.  I added a bit of soy sauce and it was good.  It wasn't the best I ever had but it was good.  Also the staff was HUGE in making up for my last visit.  That is a plus.  10 minutes and  the soup was ready and waiting.  It was hot and good.  I added the soy sauce to add a bit of salty which I like.  It was good.  The pork was fattier than I've had elsewhere but it was good otherwise.  The food was decent and the staff was cool.  Now, I have not tried the in house dim sum.  As it was I have to give props for a great manager.  The duck soup is normally served with bones, according to the manager.  Not my thing but I was glad he explained it.  Tradition can be big even if it is not to my tastes.  I guess that is a good heads up to potential customers.  It was fair goods and very nice service.  If it was less fatty, they would have gotten a 4 but they get a 4 for service and a 2 for chow this time around.  I am not shy about my review.  I give what I get.  If they impress me better next time, I will post so.  However as it was, fair food and great service.  3 out of 5 for now.  Thanks to the staff for being huge and I got fed and was fairly pleased with the chow.  Not wowed but pleased.
1	EW don't ever eat dim sum over here.  Food was not fresh at all! I wouldn't be surprised if they just microwave leftovers from the previous day and serve them all over again. Their shrimp balls tasted like poop balls.... okay, so maybe I'm over-exaggerating a little but you get the idea. It actually tasted like effing plastic... EWWWWWA.I say, go right over to Phoenix Palace Buffet across the street and get yourself some edible dim sum. YOU CAN THANK ME LATER! :)
3	C-Fu serves up decent dim sum every day from 10:30-2:30.  On the weekdays, they still have the carts, but they cram various dim sum items in 2 carts.  They have the standard dim sum items such as siu mai (they have it in chicken here, which was interesting), steamed bbq pork bun, har gow, and deep fried taro dumpling.  Generally, they all tasted OK, albeit quite oily.  I liked the glutinous rice wrapped with lotus leaf the best.  The most exotic item there today was the tripe, with no sign of chicken feet or congee with preserved egg.  I hear the weekend selection is a lot more diverse though compared to the weekday.Service was very cheerful and friendly, a bit of a surprise since most dim sum restaurants have servers that usually look at you stony-faced while letting you peruse their carts. We got 7 different items, with a total of ~$20 with tax.
2	Like the egg noodle stir fry a lot (they get it crispy, which is rare, it's usually soaked in oil), the sweet rolls filled with the custard are soooo delicious and I can't find them anywhere in so cal it seems. It's crowded and the place to be if you're an Asian living in this area and quite a fun experience if you're not (Asian ).Otherwise, it's pretty run-of-the-mill food and kind of pricey for the quality and location.
4	I have been to C FU many times over the years.  Their Dim Sum is definitely not the best, there are better places for that, but I live near here so it fulfills my cravings sometimes . Also I don't really like the usual Chinese American food" ie sweet and sour and stuff, but I have tried when other people ordered and it's not that good as far as that goes.What is really good here though and what I go for is their more traditional chinese sea food. They have live fish and lobster tanks which are really good! I like the crab and winter melon soup ( but I'm not sure that is for everyone's taste buds) and I don't know who wouldn't like the lobster E fu noodles! I also really like their snow pea shoots for a side.So in summary, if you are looking for awesome dim sum or good typical American chinese food, this is not the best. But if you are looking for some good fresh chinese seafood and more traditional dishes this place is pretty good! Hope this is helpful!
4	I've been here more times than I can count, but for some reason I am only now thinking to write a review. Until today (when we returned to that other place near Lee Lee's), the last four or five times we have had dim sum we have gone to C-Fu. The reason is simple. You go on Sunday, which for those not in the know is prime dim sum territory, and you are seated and served right away. No lines, no waiting on the carts, no "shu mai is coming" (it seems like most places run out that early even though they must know it is one of the most popular dishes), and fairly attentive service. Why C-Fu when they food might be slightly better across the street? Well, the quality has gone down a bit. C-Fu which, by the way, was one of the first places to offer dim sum in the Valley, and one of the first around to offer "real" Chinese food, seems to,  once in awhile, rest on their laurels and ease up on yummy-ness. However, the food is still not bad and, because of new competition and the slight decrease in quality, you can get in, get food, and get out quickly. For that, their history, and their quick service, I still give them four stars. I just hope they take the food up a little notch in the future so they can return to their place as the premier Chinese restaurant in the area.
5	Great dim sum!  Go on Sunday for brunch/lunch!Favorites that I always order:Shrimp dumplingsBean curd rollsShrimp or beef noodle wrapsSnow buns for dessertIf you're brave, try the chicken feet.  It's a traditional plate that is delicious as long as you can get over the fact that you're eating feet.  If you're Asian, you should have been born over it.  hahaDrink tea with your dim sum!  It's not right any other way.The owner/manager comes around during dim sum time to make sure you got all the goodies you wanted.  If not, he goes and grabs it from the cart especially for you!  How nice of him!I've been here for dim sum, with one occasion for dinner.  Everything was tasty!  There aren't as many traditional choices that would be found in the bay area or LA (California), but this is the best place in the Pheonix/Mesa area for Chinese food so far.
3	Food - First rate; especially the dim sumService - OKHas the look and feel of a 1950s Vegas casino restaurant
3	A Sunday tradition... great dim sum, inexpensive, awesome.  'nuff said.
5	Excellent food, service, and price. Lobster Newport is great.
5	I went there this past weekend with a friend and enjoyed their Dim Sum! They had so much more variety then the one at the PHX cultural center! Their spare ribs and chowmein on the cart was AMAZING! We had so much left over and it was so cheap! The people were very friendly too!
5	Fantastic food, especially the fresh lobster with scallions and ginger. Very friendly staff and owners. Go there weekly.
5	My favorite dimsum restaurant!I lived in Hong Kong for 8years and know what real Chinese/dimsum restaurants are. Although we are not Chinese, we do dimsum on Sundays. So when we moved to Phoenix from Miami, we tried different dimsum places in Phoenix area.We picked up some local Chinese news papers from a Chinese grocery store and tried the restaurants advertised on it. (written in Chinese, so we assumed they are authentic). We went to Phoenix Palace, Golden Buddha, Mekong Palace, China King and C-Fu and concluded C-Fu offers the best dimsum.Our criteria;1. Variety2. Taste3. Freshness4. Service5. PricePhoenix Palace might be the second best. They are as good as C-Fu in variety, taste and freshness, followed by China King whose variety is not high. Golden Buddha is the last. Golden Budda is not Cantonese restaurant anyway. Staff are all nice at C-Fu and dishes categorized as "A" and "B" are all $2.28 which seem to include most of steamed dishes except expensive ones like shark fin dumplings. We normally spend $25-30 for two including tip.C-Fu beats all the other places for the super flaky and tasty egg tarts. This is another reason we love C-Fu.
1	Avoid on weekdays if you want Dim Sum!The last two times I went there I left after sitting at a table for 20 minutes with no food. Sometimes a cart would go by - a different table.  No amount of hand waving or imploring looks would do any good.You couldn't drag me in there kicking and screaming on a weekday again.
4	C-Fu Gourmet has been wonderful.  They have so many options it can overwhelming, but they answer all your questions.  Every time I go there, I ask to make sure that there is no fish, shellfish, animal product in their sauces, and they are honest about it and offer vegetarian substitutions which is always nice.  A little bit on the pricier side but always worth it.  Their bird's nest dish (veggie style) is my absolute favorite.  It's a bowl made out of dried noodles with steamed vegetables and sauce inside.
5	I've been to C-Fu on numerous occasions. We even had our rehearsal dinner there and the owner was very courteous and did a great job delivering us a custom menu.Recently, the day after my brother's wedding, we had a huge party and were thinking about all going out to dinner, we decided to call up C-Fu and they told us that there wouldn't be any waiting at all. They quickly took care of us all and then we all decided to hit up the bar and do karaoke. It was a blast.
3	I had my two sons and their families come to AZ for the Thanksgiving weekend so before they left for home yesterday, they wanted Grandpa to take them to eat dim sum.  Well as we were driving to Phoenix Palace where we normally go, we were talking about perhaps giving C-Fu Gourmet another shot since we had not been there in over two years.  The last couple of times we went to C-Fu the dim sum was pretty bad since they had lost their experienced dim sum chef.So we decided to give them a shot again.  Upon driving up, we noticed a big banner that gave the new dim sum prices, which were lower since I suspect they are now actively trying to compete with Phoenix Palace, kiddy corner across the street.  To make a long story short, the dim sum was pretty good.  There were some dishes that left something to be desired, but all-in-all, I think they did a good job.I do have a couple of complaints though --- they have some young people pushing the dim sum carts and I think that is good since they can speak English as opposed to the older women who cannot speak English or understand you.  But even with that capability, I asked the steam cart guy for a steamed dish and he said OK, but we never got it.  Then I asked the fried cart girl to get me a couple of dishes from the kitchen and she said OK but never went back into the kitchen.  So my problem here is with that kind of customer service, I am not sure if I want to come back here again if I cannot get what I want.  But the food was good and so much better than I experienced the last time I was here over two years ago.
4	Went here today for Dim Sum with a friend and we were very happy. The food was excellent and the service very friendly and attentive. We picked several items from the carts and all of them were very good.  I remember having sticky rice, chow mein, three different kind of dumplings with shrimp, Chinese broccoli, and fried egg rolls. Everything was fresh and very good. I was tempted to try a couple more things but already had more than I could eat. My date was very happy with the food and complimented the staff for being very friendly.
4	Authentic Cantonese restaurant with great Dim Sum.  I was there when it just opened and frequented it when it was relatively new and I haven't had the chance to visit for a few years so hopefully things haven't changed.
5	A friend of my boyfriend recommended C-Fu Gourmet so we tried it on Xmas eve.  In spite of the fact that they were very busy, the food was still awesome!!!  The C-Fu Chicken and French Beef are incredible and the fried rice is the best in the valley!!  Oh, I forgot to mention the Coconut pudding and Snowballs...delish!  We went back the following week with friends...service and food were even better!!  This is our new Chinese restaurant!!!
5	finally my streak ended.  This place always treats you like family even when it's busy.  I don't like Chinese but when I have to have it this is the only place I like to go to.  I love their sesame balls.
5	Place is a hidden gem. All things Chinese are at their finest. Looks like a wedding hall because they use it for one at least twice a month. They have the access to some of the freshest seafood / produce/ ect. available, with there location so close to lee's market place which flies in fish and other Asian inspired staples daily. Plus lee's has special selections for near by restaurants. They have the whole gamete of edible creatures available. From jelly fish to duck. And there recipes bring them to their best. Everything is family style, so bring friends/family for great food and conversation. There is a bar, but not really a place where your looking to drink. I think it's there just for the wedding/events they put on. It is a culture shock. So don't get all weird if there is a language barrier or if you not use to a rotating Asian condiment tray iin the middle of a family style table. That is what makes it so special. If you have issues with that buy Rosetta Stone and get over it.
5	I've only been here for dim sum so I can't rate their other food items, but I give their dim sum 5 stars. Their service is fast, friendly, and they have a large selection of exactly what you'd expect from a good dim sum place. My belly sure was satisfied!! We will definitely be back. :)
4	This place is our go-to spot for dim sum. Every single time the family is town, we make the trek from downtown Phoenix here. It's been our dim sum rest. of choice for years, I'd even say for the past 15. The owner is so great, he runs around with the waiters, not only checking in on table, but taking orders and delivering refills. Your drink will never be empty nor will you leave hungry. Have the usual array of dishes as well as more tradition (IE most white people will not ever try) dishes. I love the shrimp rice noodles, potstickers, shumai, pork buns, their calamari is tasty and so is the chow mein. It can get crazy, so try and arrive early on the weekends, but it's worth it! The place is pretty large and they have tons of staff. You can also order off the menu if you can't find something that tickles your fancy.
4	We've been having a hard time trying to find a Chinese food place that wasn't Panda Express type food. I've been hearing about C FU gourmet for awhile on yelp and driving by it every once in awhile. It was appetizing! I love chicken lo mein so I always order it at every Chinese food place we go to and the lo mein at C FU was tasty. My husband enjoyed the duck and he REALLY did enjoy it. The other people we were with enjoyed their food also. The only thing that I didn't like about the place was their service we waited for a bit to get our drink order and then when we got our food they pretty much ignored our table and we all were out of drinks so it wasn't great eating with no water. But overall the place has delicious food from szechuan and cantonese style. We will going back
3	I'm torn on whether to give this restaurant 3 or 4 stars. I ate here for a banquet for an association, so I didn't get any choice in the menu. I think if I had a choice in the menu I would've enjoyed the food more and given it 4 stars. So I'm really only evaluating the banquet experience.The room is spacious, servers were friendly (although some seemed clueless and talked very loudly while the presentation was going on), the decorations on stage are terrible and cheesy, the sound system kept giving feedback while people were speaking.As for the food, I really enjoyed the seafood dishes, the chicken dishes were just kind of meh. The stand out for the night was the sesame balls they served for dessert.I would come back here again, as the reviews for dim sum all seem favorable. For a Phoenix-area Chinese restaurant it's pretty good, but in general for a Chinese restuarant it's just about average.
2	As with many Asian restaurants in the Valley, meh, meh, meh, meh . . . In other words, just ok.  You won't be wowed nor grossed out from eating here. You can get your dim sum fix and forget about it.  Perhaps if you're new to Chinese food or looking or something outside of Panda Express, you may find this place decent before going back for the orange chicken at Panda.
3	I've been here twice in the last month for Dim Sum.  Overall it's an ok place.  Their service suck.  Both times, we had to wait more than 5 mins before someone came over to get our drink order.
1	Have not been here in quite some time, at one time was one of the better places for dim sum and banquets. The food is still good, but went to dim sum a couple weeks ago and the service was terrible. We had 3 tables and the dim sum carts would not go to all the tables. I don't know why they would not want to go to each table and get rid of their items, are ashamed of the food or do they think they are in a race for how fast they can make a lap around the restaurant. There are too many other good dim sum places to go to rather than this one. Don't go here!
2	I was invited to a banquet dinner for about 50 to 60 people.  Problem is the place didn't provide mircrophones so the organizer's were speaking loudly to get audience's attention.  The tables were spaced very far from each other.  The organizer's pre-selected the dishes for the dinner:Miced Beef Soup - It was ok the cilatro over powered the taste of the soupHong Kong Walnut Shrimp - The walnuts were not freshSliced Abalone with Black Mushrooms - Good taste Whole Roasted Duck - The duck was very fatty (more than normal)Beef and Black Pepper - It was ok, a little blandPork Chop with Peking Sauce - This dish was the bestSalted Fish and Chicken Fried Rice - The lettuce was not finely cut, so the large chucks made the dish soggyFish fried and stir fried - This was very goodWhy the 2 stars?  The service sucked!  They didn't tell you what dish it is when they bring it out.  And you wait forever for refills.  And when someone on the our table asked for a bag, they pointed to the station for us to get it ourselves.  And the place was SUPER HOT!  The air kicked on every once in awhile.  Didn't expect to eat in 90 degree weather.
3	I used to work here so I may be just a little bias. However, I come here whenever my whole family, especially, my grandma wants to eat dim sum. Anyway, the food is okay because we ordered 5 plates of plain rice noodles for my vegan sister but 2 of the 3 plates were not even cooked all the way so she didn't even eat much. I felt really bad for her because her choices were very limited (especially when it comes to dim sum). Anyway, lots of the food here are pretty good/okay. However, they are just too pricey for me. Plus, if you are looking out for your figure, um...I suggest you just drink water here.
4	Can we just talk for a minute about how friggin' good this restaurant is? This place serves plenty of fresh dim sum, has fast service and easy to get in if you come early!  But be warned, we have come just as the doors opened only to miss out on some of the choices when they get busier, so your timing to arrive will influence your choices. What's good about dim sum is that each dish is inexpensive and you can sample a variety of food. C-Fu is always pretty busy but you don't normally wait long to be seated.This place a good spot for decent dim sum.  They are fast, effective, and your dim comes out nice and steamy.  Service for us was OK,  then again, Chinese restaurants aren't always known for having the best service.  Could I tell you the exact name of our favorites?  No. but their food is amazingly tasty, and fresh! Plus the carts actually come by frequently.The food is delicious and remarkably affordable!  I haven't been to any other dim sum restaurant here in Arizona, so I can't compare to others, but this once is delicious. The restaurant was nice and spacey    "the food really good" but "I can't remember the name of it",   Excellent choice for Dim Sum.  Busy place, which keeps the food fresh and the carts moving.  Very reasonably priced, as dim sum should be. They normally don't serve you, they are usually just there to refill your drinks and give your receipt.  Other than that, they go around with carts and you pick & choose what you want.  FOOD: The food was really good. Unfortunately I can't remember  any of the dishes we enjoyed but we did try a variety of their selections.  We didn't like everything on the menu.  But there were lots of things my wife & I really liked. PRICE: Reasonable. SERVICE:  The carts come around quite frequently which is a good thing. Service is somewhat lacking when it comes to getting drink refills.  I had to constantly flag down a waiter to refill our beverage. Also our servers hardly spoke a word of English.  On a good note while the restaurant was packed, we were seated right away  CONCLUSION: My thoughts on a restaurant of any ethnicity is seeing who eats there, if you see many people from the ethnicity of food you looking for you are usually on the right track this place in that aspect does not lie.  RETURN  FACTOR: 100%. I would come back here when I crave for some dim sum.   ************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
5	I've been going to this place for dim sum on and off for over 10 years. By far give the best variety of dim sum in the valley and give it to you straight. I'm originally from the Bay Area and went to china town there for dim sum and some of the dishes at C-Fu are just as good. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for dim sum in the valley.
4	I really needed an asian food fix after being in Chicago for a week.  I visited my boyfriend in Arizona for the first time when I ate here.  We ate here kind of late Saturday about 2pm.  The dim sum was ok.  My next visit was when I moved here, I came with my parents and my boyfriend again but we came this time at 11am.  Peak dimsum hours and I had such a different experience.  The food was SO good and comparable to the dim sum we had at home (San Gabriel Valley).  Even my parents were impressed. The dim sum is hong kong parent approved!
4	I went for a dinner with a few friends on a Friday night around 8pm and we were one of two tables. It was a perfectly good dinner, with friendly staff waiting on us. One of the ladies was trying a bit too hard to upsell more expensive dishes, so that was a bit too obvious on her part but it wasn't too big of a deal.Lemon Chicken - my husband's favorite. He seemed to like it well enough so I think it was good!Double Tofu Delight - Fried tofu arranged on the border of the plate with steamed tofu in brown sauce in the middle. Pretty tasty!Steamed Tilapia - Seemed a bit pricey, $24 for a roughly 2lb tilapia. But I guess they have to markup market prices to make a profit.Honey Walnut Shrimp - Good, but the breading was a bit inconsistent among the shrimp. But you can't really do much wrong to this dish :P Yum...All in all, it was a good dinner and we left pretty content. We'll have to come back for dim sum.
4	I really love the food here at this restaurant! Especially the dim sum. I've been coming here for years and every time the owner is there he is very welcoming! If your ever there for dinner definitely try the lobster. If you've never had lobster chinese style you've gotta try it!
3	As far as dim sum goes, C-Fu has always been the last option for me.  While the restaurant itself is definitely the most gorgeous out of the rest, the food is pretty white-washed and Americanized.  If I am to drag myself out of bed for dim sum on my precious weekend, I expect hot steamy food and delicious steam to waft over me.  Instead, the food is always mediocre and warm at best.  Don't arrive too early for dim sum or you'll get the leftover steamers from the prior day.  While their food isn't downright disgusting, the targeted audience has definitely changed the past few years.  I say come around 11pm so you get the fresh dishes of the day!
4	I was supposed to have dinner at C Fu tonight but didn't and strangely enough, I wanted to post a quick thank you for it.Tonight is Christmas, restaurant choices are kind of limited.  Not being of the Christmas persuasion, our typical Dec 25 consists of movies and Chinese food.We had a party of 16 and although I had called earlier, C Fu explained that they could not take a reservation so my wife and I arrived about 30 minutes before everyone else to start to secure seating.  Upon arriving, we were told that seating would not be a problem, but because of a shortage of staff, it was taking about an hour after ordering to be served.So I left my wife at C Fu and drove across the street to Phoenix Palace.  The place was 90% empty so I told them I needed a table of 16 and I would be right back. Long story short (you can read the full version on Phoenix Palace's page), it took over 2 hours to be served after ordering.  Other parties were seated, served, and left before we received anything.So now I feel terrible.  C Fu lost my business tonight because they were honest and that sucks.Although I didn't eat here tonight, I've eaten here a million times: both dinner and dim sum.  Even held 2 bat mitzvah parties here.  Food is always excellent.  Top picks: French tenderloin, c fu chicken, walnut glazed shrimp.
3	Hello Arizona Foodies and Happy Holidays!I am delighted to report I have been back to C-fu a couple of times in the last 6 months simply because compared to the rest out there in my local area this is the best choice.We found that the food has gotten back to what it used to be, along with the selection of items and the service.There are many of the regular dim sum items along with some interesting tid bits.The food has been warm or better which is a far cry from the cold it was for a while there.We went for our tradition Xmas dinner and unfortuantely they did NOT have their act together!The owner was running around like a chicken with his head cut off.There was noone to fill water, tea etc.... and the selections were not as quick as normal.I come here each year for Xmas and usually the service is better....they know to expect the Xmas crowd but I am guessing they were very short handed.I am glad I decied to give it another shot and will be returning.My suggestion is to wait until 11:30 or so before going on a Sunday to get the best and freshest selections.So go..... experience and enjoy!Bon Appetite'
4	This place has become our Christmas tradition when we visit my sister over the Holidays.  In 2012 we got the dim sum, but this year we were too late for dim sum so just got a spread of different dishes.There is a great variety of dishes, and pretty much all of it was good to great.  The fried Hong Kong noodles with shredded pork and the eggplant with garlic were the best of the bunch.  The only dish I wouldn't recommend is the Mu Shu Pork, which came wrapped like a burrito and was a bit watery for our taste.The service was a bit slow, but it was Christmas day so we can't complain about that.
5	Quite possibly the best restaurant in the greater Phoenix area.  Almost everything is recommended from daily dim sum breakfasts, to Sesame chicken afternoon lunches, to Chilean Seabass dinner, to nightclub and beer on weekends.  Highly recommended.
5	This is by far the best Dim Sum on the east side.  The food is always good and really pretty consistent.  The pork with rice noodles is my favorite and my daughter loves the shrimp dumplings.  When I was there last weekend they had some weird Karoke thing--- but other than that is always a good place to chat and enjoy a morning treat.
4	It is so much fun to come here and have Dim Sum for lunch. Everyone is so nice and friendly.  The food is great too!
3	The Dim Sum here isn't bad and it is certainly better than anything in Tucson. It can't be compared to  San Francisco Dim Sum but for AZ, it's just fine. I DO like their beef rice rolls and chow mien noodles. Though I always get either Chinese broccoli or baby bok choy, I always eat it plain since the sauce that comes with is a little too salty. It is always worth getting the tea. The service is friendly, it's not expensive, and the experience here is always pleasant.
1	Our family had dim sum on Easter Sunday, because most other dim sum places we normally went had long line to wait. The food was okay, but what really got me was the hygiene. I saw a customer grabbed a plate from a desert cart , and accidentally dropped one of the sweet buns on the dirty carpet floor. He immediately grabbed and put it back to the plate. The waitress saw it and didn't do anything. I hope next customers who ate those buns on that plate  won't get sick.  I won't go back to that restaurant.
3	Went here for dim sum and was very pleased with the selection and the food was very tasty.  Price was very good. We ate a lot and the bill was very reasonable. I have had dim sum at Great Wall and Mekong Palace and in my opinion C-fu is better.
5	Favorite dim sum in the valley. Large seating area and lots of carts roaming about. They have a large selection of dumplings and oth their traditional dim sum items. I recommend trying the chrysanthemum tea when you are there.  It is much more flavorful than green tea. The steamed BBQ pork buns are my favorite item.  Be sure to order to trays when the server comes by!
1	Never would I recommend this place to anyone. Got here early on a Sunday morning and was seated right away. Service was better than ok. Food was just blah. Worst experience was while eating, there was a roach crawling on the wall behind us.  Told the server and she smiled at us, then she grabbed a rag and proceed to kill the roach w it...question is will that rag be used to clean your table?
1	Worst dimsum I have ever eating.  Receptionist has horrible attitude.  The guy I think is the owner.  We had 16 people and they refused to put 2 tables together.
2	Honestly writing this review because I use to love this place for dim sum. It has taken a drastic turn downhill from what I'm use to. I came in at around 11 am for dim sum (1130 is basically prime time for when all the good dim sum is out) and got my normal order of hargao, shrimp in rice noodles and spicy wontons. All dishes were lukewarm which is astonishing to me. It's supposed to be served hot! My absolute favorite hargao had the disgusting texture of mush which would horrify anyone trying it for the first time, and my rice noodles with shrimp was soggy and had a horrible sauce with it. Honestly this review is a reality check for this restaurant. Get your stuff together!
1	If you are in the area and craving dim sum, do yourself a favor and go to phoenix across the street. The dim sum was luke warm and the restaurants is not clean- sticky plates, dirty carts, and saw a waitress drop her rag only to put it back on her cart. I will not be returning....ever!
3	I'm sticking with a 3 rating for now. I will definitely try this place again to get a better feel for it. I did an online order and ordered the C-FU Chicken. I didn't realize that there was a lunch option. I think it is only on their take out menu in the restaurant. The online menu is a little bit more vague and harder to manage. There are also no descriptions of what things are. I figured C-FU chicken was like a house special and had more involved. It was just tempura fried chicken swimming in a really runny vinegar sauce and some cut up chilies on the top. Would not order this again...Especially if you want vegetables in the dish. Although, I suppose it's not likely that you get many Chinese dishes with tons of veggies unless you are getting a veggie dish.The plus side, one of these dishes is probably enough to feed 2 people if you are both willing to eat the same dish. Ultimately, was not a fan. I still give it a 3 though and will go back because it is close to work and I want to compare something that I know like orange, cashew or almond chicken to get a better feel of what's going on. I'm also going to try a lunch special to save a couple dollars and get an egg roll or crab puff that comes with it.Will let you know what I found out, again.
2	After having more time to process, I have decided that I won't come back, even for take out lunch. I'd rather have Panda or Pei Wei. A chain where I know what to expect.I ordered online again and they had to call me because the online order form does not have the options that they claim. The lunch special online says that you get tea, crab puff or egg roll, soup or salad and the entree. They said they were not able to include the tea and when I got there, he said as a courtesy, they included the soup and it doesn't normally come with take out and to order the a la carte entree because it comes with more. I would argue that it definitely doesn't come with more to do it a la carte. I mean, you get more of the entree, but not everything that it claimed online.That being said, I will continue on and say even if you're concerned about more or less, it's not that great anyway.  The kung pao had some bell peppers, water chestnuts, peanuts, mushrooms and chicken. The sauce was runny and not spicy.The crab puff is not a puff, it's a folded over wonton wrapper filled with cream cheese.The soup was not hot or sour, wreaked of white pepper and tasted like nothing. Didn't really end up eating my courtesy soup after all.Overall, just not really worth it. You pay a little more than a chain with really nothing to show for it.I didn't eat inside obviously, but there is not even an ambiance to make up for it. It looks like it is falling apart. There is an automated slider when you walk in that sounds like it is going to collapse, a dirty fish tank, and a dilapidated bar and ball room off to the right. As I waited for my food, I looked at the reviews on the wall, all from about 97-98. When I see this, it usually indicates the place has seen better days, which it probably has.If you've read my review, I commend you and suggest you spare yourself what I have experienced myself.
3	I have three go-to spots for dim sum in Phoenix - Great Wall, Phoenix Palace, and C-Fu Gourmet.  They all have their pros and cons, but C-Fu has won me over with their service.  They're the only one of the three who have staff who are courteous and make the effort to speak to you in English.  However, food-wise they're more or less on par.  The dishes at C-Fu sometimes look re-heated, but that might be because I'm not a morning person and don't make it in til 1PM or so.  But it's still pretty damn good.  Great Wall has really good barbecue pork buns, but are always jam-packed on any given day, so be prepared to wait outside for about 15 minutes for your number to be called - keeping in mind that 15 minutes in the summer heat feels like an eternity.  Phoenix Palace has pretty good egg tarts, but can get pretty crowded too and have some rather rude waiters.So if you wanna try dim sum, I'd recommend trying out all three to try their best dishes.  If you don't want to have the experience ruin your day, go to C-Fu.
2	Friendly service. Just doesn't compare to dim sum in Cali.
5	This is by far my family's favorite go to spot for dim sum. We absolutely love it and take friends and family as often as possible. They have a better selection on the weekend. Yum!
3	The dim sum appetizer platter was good, the orange chicken was ok. My husband couldn't chew the beef in the hot pot and had to spit it out. All of the beef in the pot was super gristly with chunks of what looked like just tendon or cartilage. We googled it and that's how its supposed to be, it just wasn't to our liking, so not their fault. When they saw we didn't eat it they took it off our bill.
4	Have been enjoying this restaurant for many years, tonight was no exception. We warmed ourselves with hot tea and the savory broth of the Sizzling House Rice soup. Then we devoured the delicious General Chicken, enhanced by flavorful sauce & veggies, had both steamed and brown rice, and Beef Asparagus, which was just okay (first time we tried it). Never a bad meal!
4	I've been coming here for dim sum for years, and while it's had its ups and downs, it still remains my favorite dim sum spot in Phoenix, mostly because of their selection. My favorites are the taro, crispy shrimp balls, shrimp balls on the sugar cane, ha cao and xiu mai. Yea it's a little greasy, but what do you expect when you're going for dim sum?
