5	I used to eat at Cafe Rio in Gilbert Arizona when I lived out there.  This place rocks!LOVE their sweet pork!  Get it in Tacos, Burrito, Salad, what ever great!LOVE their chile con queso!  They give you a ton of chips with it.Bottled Cokes from Mexico!!This location was right across from UNLV so there are a ton of college students there which gave it a fun vibe.
3	I had the pulled pork bbq salad that they recommended. It was a bit on the sweet side. I would say that it was very tasty. Their burritoes are pretty good. If you ask them for kids menu, they might just give you a free quesadilla.  :)
3	I've been here enough times to get my free meal (10 times, 11th meal free). It's one of the better places to go if you're looking for a bite to eat near UNLV. While I wouldn't call it authentic Mexican food, it does make for a good lunch. I pretty much see this place as a Chipotle 2.0. Their highlight seems to be their pork; more specifically, their pork burrito. It has this savory sweet flavor to it that is actually quite tasty. The burritos are pretty large, too. They could easily be boxed up and saved for a second meal. Unfortunately, I'm not looking to gain my Freshman 15 back, so I have only eaten this once. Their salmon tacos are also a good choice, if you're looking for something lighter.Now, I'm a college student. I almost eat out for my weekday lunch on the daily. Therefore, I strive to be cheap, but not dollar menu cheap. This place is kinda pricey if you go off their general menu and get a drink. Be prepared to pay $8-10 if you do. I usually go with their daily special, which usually comes around to a more reasonable $6-7, plus you get a drink with it. While their daily specials are not as tasty as their burritos, they get the job done for me.Keep in mind that this place is right across the street from UNLV. It can get pretty packed over the lunch hour. I've seen the line go as far as reaching the front entrance (15 min wait). Just a tip.
3	I like Cafe Rio. The food is good, but nothing super authentic. It's very similar to Chipotle, except a tad more expensive. However, you do get a ton of food with your order, which is good. I will continue to go back!
3	Went at lunch today. Busy but not slammed. It was ok overall.  The food was hot which was nice as sometimes it can be lukewarm. The brewed tea is a plus for this location- 3 kinds of fresh brewed which is heaven for this chick!You do get quite a bit of food, but for 2 cheese enchiladas w/ rice and beans and with sour cream and a drink it was close to 10 dollars. They charge extra for sour cream. Ok value I guess..The one thing I noticed her though is the staff is less friendly than some other locations
1	I LOVE Cafe Rio and have eaten at all of them in town except this particular one till last night. The service was friendly and helpful. I got their chicken quesadilla, it was luke warm and very water chicken. I also got chips and queso, which was very watered down in comparison to the other Cafe Rios I have eaten previously. All of these things should have given me a tip off when my tummy started not feeling good before I even left the establishment. The rest of the evening was a bust after that meal, without going into further detail. All in all, may have been a fluke visit, but I won't be visiting this particular cafe rio ever again.
4	I've been to this Cafe Rio location once. My cousin worked at the University at the time and it turned out to be the perfect place to meet up for lunch, especially since I'm a big fan and she had never tried it before.As always, I ordered a burrito with enchilada sauce. I always mull over their menu looking for something new to try. When crunch time arrives, I seem to find myself settling for that. Settling is not quite the right word, though, because it is always delicious and satisfying.
2	Basic, bland cafeteria fare.  I had the beef burrito. Found the beef to be flavorless. The big tortilla was nice. There were no authentic flavors/spices jumping out.  Its not surprising alot of people on here like the place, the food is bland and predictable, it is very Americanized Mexican food.For a chain Mex restaurant, Chipolte beats this place.
2	I just can't seem to get on the Cafe Rio bandwagon. Oh, I've tried and tried and tried. There are some things I like about Cafe Rio: 1) location. It is less than a 5 minute walk from my office. 2) the staff are super friendly and super quick, even when the place is hopping 3) it is one of the cleanest restaurants near UNLV. 4) tres leches. Oddly enough, the tres leches here is actually pretty decent. Its not the best, but I've had a heck of a lot worse at places that serve better food. If this is all it took to get me to love something, my wife would be worried. But the things I don't like are the reasons I just can't believe in the CR dogma:1) The food is just bland. Granted, I am limited in my options since I don't eat meat, but the salsas and sauces just don't have much flavor. I am not expecting a spicy explosion of flavor, just something I can taste, but I can't get this here.2) Price. Just under $10 gets me a burrito and a soda. I can get the same at Chipotle for a almost $4 less, and they have better salsa. 3) The feeling. After eating CR I feel like I was punched repeatedly in the stomach. Ok, its not that bad of feeling, but I just feel icky. I don't know why, but I don't get this same feeling from other burrito joints.
3	This place is CRAZY at about 1pm on a weekday since it's right across the street from the UNLV campus. Overall it's not too bad in terms of either food or service. In fact the staff is quick, effective and polite so A+ for them. The food is reasonable... I've had their stuff a couple of times now and the barbacoa pork on anything is pretty good (you can get it in a burrito, a salad, etc.). Really on the sweet side, it seems to be a crowd favorite. Pricing is the middle of the road for "fast" food (service is somewhat like Subway where one person starts your order and others add stuff as you like as you make it through the line). For like $12 you can get a big buritto and a drink. If you attend UNLV like I do though and need a quick and filling lunch it's a good place to head to.
5	This is one of my favorite places to go to! I always order Sweet Pork Barbacoa Quesadilla... it's absolutely wonderful! The pico de gallo and guacamole is always fresh and the little dollop of sour cream they add with it completes the whole meal. The atmosphere is so fun and vibrant. It's a little pricey than other places but well worth it.
3	This place is pretty decent, especially compared to Chipotle. It's right across the street from campus, so I find myself going here a lot [ but mostly because my friends want to go]. The pork barbacoa is really good. Sweet, tender, and goes great in the burrito. And unlike Chipotle, this establishment puts all their burritos through their little toaster/heater thing, which I enjoy. Not a big fan of cold food, let alone cold burritos. They also offer daily specials, such as fish tacos or tamales so there is a little variety every time you go. Prices here are a bit steep. And the staff seems to be trained into tricking new comers to get all the costly upgrades, such as getting burritos enchilada style and getting sour cream. They make it seem like these upgrades aren't really a big deal and don't mention that they cost more. They do offer a stamp card, so be sure to get one when you go. Buy 10 items, get 1 free.
3	Generally I'd give Cafe Rio solid two stars, decent enough for what it is.  For the most part I feel that their tacos and burritos are kind of on the bland side, but a friend introduced me to the tuesday special of coconut shrimp, and hot damn, I'm a fan!  The shrimp are big and golden fried and it comes with a fantastic mango chutney, lots of cilantro, and lots of flavor!  The coconut shrimp bump the rating up a full point, but if not for the special, I'd skamper on over to Yayo Taco for a little more flavor.
3	Cafe Rio is for people who don't like going to taco shops or taquerias and love bland fresh-Mex Americanized variety; but there is still a few bright spots in this joint. You won't find menudo with tripe or ceviche, but you will find shredded beef salad within a flour tortilla bowl, topped with a mountain of romaine lettuce and cheese. But don't let that scare you, there are a few items worth trying.There are two gems in the place: sweet pork barbacoa and flour tortillas. If you dislike pork, I would probably stick to chicken then (a bit dull though). Get the sweet pork barbacoa taco; the only item I really love. The only meat that has good flavor, although a bit sweet. The flour tortillas are soft and tasty. But for the love of Lady Gaga, please don't get the salmon tacos, they're bland and overpriced. To make up for their overall boring food, they have a lot of hot sauces to try.Service is no nonsense cafeteria style, and you better speak loud because the workers are degraded to yell whenever somebody gets a free meal or is notified of a first-timer. Ugh. For a place that dubbed itself a Mexican Grill and has invested in the decor, they sure don't play Mexican songs or any song that has Spanish words. Instead you will hear Neil Diamond and American oldies. Bottom line: enjoy the barbacoa while listening to Mr. Diamond.
4	Good, consistent, friendly service, these are the top three adjectives that I can think of to describe Cafe Rio.  While it is a chain, I prefer it to Chipotle, as I know it happens to be slightly healthier, and the staff there are fun to talk to as you go through the line.  I'm a fan of the tostada and salads, and I like that they make their tortillas fresh right there in the store, and that you can watch them make everything.  I'm also slightly biased in that it's affordable and near the UNLV campus, which as a student makes it very convenient for me.
2	What's the deal with Cafe Rio? I asked myself this question many times as I whizzed by this little Mexican joint on Maryland Parkway in the heart of the University district. I was always on my way to Einstein's or Chipotle (which are both in the same general area). I let my curiosity get the best of me one day and asked a friend to meet me there for a quick lunch get together. I wish I had picked somewhere else to go.So, the decor has little to offer, it's dark lighting inside was actually quite off-putting to me. As I approached the menu, all I could say was "meh" Minus their "award winning" pork the menu seemed same-ol, same-ol. The place definitely wasn't packed, so I was wondering where are all these people who say this place is SO-O great? Anyway, I ordered two tacos, one pork, one chicken. My friend opted for a salad. The tacos were soggy - I couldn't believe how quickly they just dispersed juice down my arm as I tried to eat them. As for the taste - the chicken was okay, the pork - better, but nothing I can rave over.I'm guessing this place being so close to university gets great reviews from students. I can say I did enjoy the way they heated the tortillas. However, I'd just rather have Chipotle and I doubt I'll be returning to Cafe Rio any time soon.
3	I finally took the time to take my butt over to this spot. My brother has been telling me that this place was bomb dot com for weeks!! He also kept comparing it to the neighboring Chipotle and how humongous their servings were!!Everything previously stated were all true, but I still find myself under Chipotle's customer satisfaction list.  Yes, Cafe Rio is similar to Chipotle because of the whole burrito, tacos, and salad assembly line (where you choose meat, beans, rice, veggies, and dressing), but the tastes make it totally different and incomparable.I had the Fire Grilled Chicken salad and it was pretty good.  The portions are definitely huge and can be taken to-go as your second meal of the day!! What turned me off was the rice though!! There was just something weird about the taste and texture (I can't seem to find the words for it). The lime rice at Chipotle is definitely undefeated!!! I did like the avocado ranch dressing though! That added another star to my rating! Haha, but overall it was an OK place. You'll definitely need to hit it up on an empty stomach so good luck & eat well! =D
4	If you're a big fan of chipotle consider this chain an upgrade from the usual menu Chipotle has. The meat is heated up through a rolling microwave device, which melts the cheese and crunches any chip. My favorite dish to get is the Carne Asada nachos! I always stack my nachos with the most toppings I can get, that's just how I roll. I've tried their salads, which too is bomb! I usually stick to the steak, but I hear that the other meats are good. The only downside to this place is that they're hella greedy with their toppings. They try to give you as little as possible, and end up charging you for another scoop. I never pay anything less than $15.00. But the place is worth a try, there nachos are hella better than Roberto's regardless of the price.
5	Cafe Rio has been a favorite spot of mine for a long while now. It's a step above Chipotle in my book and they have daily specials (not sure about the weekends) that are all pretty good and not as expensive as other items on the menu. The only downfall with this place is that if you're not careful when you're ordering you can end up dropping around 13 dollars for lunch. So yeah, don't go overboard ordering sides and whatnot, the portions are all pretty damn big.
5	Chicken Tostada is currently the special on Wednesdays.  I love their Chicken Tostadas so much that I now call Wednesday..."Chicken Tostada Wednesdays"!!!  I have yet to have a bad meal here.  I'm pretty sure if I could I'd eat here every day!  Tortillas taste homemade.  Salsas and meats taste so fresh.  This has to be my favorite "fast food" Mexican place in town.  Love it!If you're not a fan of the tostada, try the Chicken Quesadilla!  To die for!  Tacos are really good too!And get a punch card...after the 10th punch you get a free meal!  YAY!
2	Gave this place a shot a few times still don't find anything special about it. Plus its over priced and there very stingy on there sour cream, my salad with extra sour cream was around $13 so not worth it that not including a drink. I would rather go to Chipotle any day.
3	I'm not going to deny one bit, the food was pretty good. I got the barbacoa burrito and the meat was really tender and sweet. Nothing was too dry, but that could also be the result of the wet beans and sauce they put in the burrito. The problem with that is that you cannot pick up the burrito and eat it with your hands, you're going to need a knife and fork. That was one downside of the food and it's not one of the cheaper places either. The food is quite pricy for the amount that is given. Chipotle is slightly cheaper and quite similar. That being the first time i went to Cafe Rio, they knew i was a beginner and asked tricky questions. When you order, they ask after they form your burrito if you want it enchilada style. I said no as well as my friend behind me and they did it with his and they charge you .95 cents more for it! Is it really worth it? i highly doubt it especially since it's just sauce and cheese. They don't even tell you these things cost more money, they just ask you and make you fall into their trap. Tricky people.Bottom line, food is good, kind of pricy, and the people are tricky. Not an everyday kind of place if you don't have the money to spend and it's not so bad if you know the menu and style of the place and how you order food.
3	Standard Mexican American joint. Lots of college kids and there were cops eating there so the clientel was kinda gross, plus fuck las vegas metro. ugh. Food was perfectly fine though and I would go there again.
4	Really like this cafe rio. Went for lunch on a thursday a little after noon. Me and a buddy just beat the noon rush by about 5 minutes. I got the barbacoa pork nachos and the sweetness of the pork is perfect with the hotness of the hot sauce. It's a big meal so bring your appetite. This location is consistent with the other two locations I frequent, the one on Blue Diamond and Decatur, and the one on Eastern just north of Silv Ranch. Everything has been great at all of the locations, this one was just convenient to where I happened to be. It's a solid price for the amount of food and the location and service was spot on.4 solid stars. Need to try their steak burrito, enchilada style and make sure it compares to the other locations.
3	I love coming here because I can order a delicious vegan salad bowl with cilantro dressing and whole wheat tortillas! And it's a great place to come with friends after classes at unlv. The only reason I am giving this place three stars is that their service is poor. Always rushing you even when there's no line, and have no manners. And I am not judging off of one employee, they are like that every-time, but only at this location.  But it's in such a convenient location so I keep coming back. So if u know what u want in ur burrito, salad,.. Etc, don't let them rush you and get what u deserve! ;p
4	I had heard of people raving about Cafe Rio even before this location was open. I didn't know exactly what to order my first two times coming here and I think I opted for some vegetarian options because I didn't want to burn a hole in my pocket. I was not a fan at all and didn't bother to come back. However, once again I encountered a person who was raving about their sweet pork barbacoa. She was totally right! This is pretty much the only thing worth ordering. While everything else is pretty much just blah. The nice moist sweet flavored pork is greaaat! I highly recommend the salad because it also comes with the tortilla. I absolutely love the texture, when I found of they sold them separately it made me kinda excited. The salad portion is actually big enough to share. And for those starving college students who think $8 is a little steep for a salad the tostada is pretty much the same as the salad but it only cost $6. So basically cafe rio= sweet pork barbacoa.
4	Oh Rio! You are delicious. I really enjoy burritos, quesadillas, salads with tortilla strips, and yada yada. I could spend forever telling you the food is delicious.  I know this place is a little pricey, burrito + drink =9.99, but their portions are monstrous. I cannot pick up my burrito and eat it like your suppose to. Nor would I even want to sit next to someone who tries to eat the whole burrito from here without cutting it up in pieces. They give a good amount of food for the price they charge I think. Their process of taking your order too is pretty efficient. When I first came here when they opened, everyone was excited to be there and they answered all my questions about "Whats that?", "Whats this?, etc.  They were patient and the staff is usually still excited to be there. During lunch time I would never go, unless your dead serious about having Cafe Rio right then and there. Only because everyone and their mom is there at noon. I usually go around 2pm and get out in 5-10min. You can sit outside and in, and a massive favorite of mine is their ice. They have Sonic style baby cubed ice and I love that! Its my favorite kind of ice! :) The one bad thing and it could totally be just me, but their enchiladas kind of suck to me. I have had better. But their quesadillas are my favorite so far.
5	I was nearly a Chipotle addict, but I can honestly say I haven't eaten there since Cafe Rio opened--it's just too good.The salads are by far the best thing on the menu, and the barbacoa is so sweet and juicy that it makes all the healthy stuff seem super tasty. I decided to get adventurous once and order their tres leches cake and wasn't impressed, but the food off the line has never disappointed.Be careful going during peak lunch hours, this place fills up with students and staff from the university and the line can get pretty long.
4	In all honesty, the more  I go here, the more I do actually find the prices a bit steep. I mean my chicken burrito is 6.95 not too bad, but my bill was 8.05 because of the sour cream I got. I never knew that you had to pay extra for the sour cream. Thanks for telling me...I will still give it a four because the food is fantastic, but I just wanted to make it clear to others that if you want sour scream or something enchilada style, then it is extra. Those things tend it add up at .95 cents and .50 cents an item. Just beware.
3	I really like the food.  Housemade tortillas and fresh ingredients!  Portions are quite generous and service was pretty friendly.  What I do not like: sneaky upcharges.  I ordered the pork barbacoa last night and when asked if I wanted my hot sauce "enchilada style," I said yes.  I mean, the more sauce the better, right?  Well, apparently spooning extra sauce over a burrito is hard work that equals a dollar.  Yup, getting your burrito "enchilada style" will cost you a buck.  I only learned that upon reading my receipt.  Apparently, there are other upcharges, like requesting sour cream, guac, etc.  I'm guessing that any innocuous question posed by a staff member hides an upcharge.  Just say no, kids.  Or, buyer beware.  Also keep in mind that if you're a hands-on type of eater, you may have to develop knife and fork skills to eat here.  Not a dealbreaker in my book, but may be a shock to some folks!3* for sneakiness.
5	Love their bean and rice burrito. It's a bit pricey but well worth it. Everything is made fresh and the silly sayings the employees chant keep the atmosphere fun.
5	Perfect place for lunch! The variety is great and the service is really fast.
4	I love the fresh food. The variety of hot sauces and lemonades are what keep me coming back.
4	Always packed! Not a good place if you are on a time limit.
3	My review for the Eastern location shows I detest it and I pretty much never wanted to step foot in a Cafe Rio ever again.  However, it is near UNLV so I find it easy to walk there and most people around here like it for a quick lunch.  At first, I was partial to the Thursday special only - 2 chicken tamales with green sauce.  This is tasty and usually lasts 2 meals.  Yet once I found out how good the tortilla soup is, that is pretty much the only thing I get now.It is made to order, and I get everything: shredded chicken, guacamole, cheese, pico, chicken broth with carrots and onion, and topped with (or on the side) cilantro sprigs, lime, and tortilla strips, with a warm tortilla on the side.  It is just over $4 and very satisfying.  Comforting grub.  Props for a variety of flavored iced teas and Mexican coke in non-crazy sized bottles.  That's all she wrote!
4	Mexican food is never my go to cuisine. Working in a couple of Mexican restaurants has lead me to not actively seek it. I know for once it is an Asian working in the Mexican restaurant instead of the other way around. Every once in a while I do crave for it though. Today, one of my friends from work wanted to get lunch before he had to go to the airport. I got a barbacoa salad with the vinaigrette. The option for whole wheat tortillas is a welcomed addition. I am not sure why a salad comes with it. Just seems like a huge open face burrito now. I like how they load up with cilantro, lettuce, guacamole, pico de gallo, and even give a slice of lime. What I listed only comprises half of the ingredients available. They have monterey jack, cheddar and cojita cheese, and tortilla strips. This is a perfect meal for two or for one broke college student.
4	YUM!!! From the outside, it looks like its a restaurant with waiter service from all the outdoor seating. My first time here I discovered that it was actually an order and sit down! I really enjoyed eating here. First of all, the sweet pork was SO delicious!! Flavorful, tender, and flat out delicious. I really like how when ordering, you watch everything that they put on or into whatever you are eating. When we ordered our nachos, they slapped on a ton of cheese and put it through the  toaster which I loved. some places give it to you where some of it still has cold cheese on it! I would totally come back to try the other things on the menu!
3	Honestly, I came here during school and was new to the area.  I didn't know better.  Portions are big and so are the prices (college student).  Usually hard to find seating during lunch hours.  I ordered a burrito, very typical tasting.  I have had better at other legit Mexican places.  Place is average clean.  Beats eating at the Student Union.Parking is a plenty
5	What makes this place so good is their homemade tortillas! I am picky when it comes to tortillas but this is the real deal! One of the best salads I've ever had!My Favorites:Pork Barbacoa Salad (No Beans, No Rice) w/ Half House Dressing & Half Cilantro Lime Vinaigrette
4	Excellent service, and a busy location. I have eaten here several times, and the staff are always outgoing. On this last visit, the male manager could have stayed off the line and not been so loud and annoying. I definitely prefer to be served by the employees.
3	Customer Service : There is something about the people that work here that make me not want to come here. They make it seem like customers are annoying when asked a question. The first time I went here the girl was getting annoyed because I did not know what anything came with(even though I explained that I had never been there). I gave it another chance and it's the same thing. They just start putting stuff on there and when my friend asked for shredded lettuce instead, the woman rolled her eyes.Food: The food is delicious.  I have only tried the chicken burrito and chicken salad and both are wonderful. There are plenty of choices to customize it but still very yummy. It has different taste profiles than other similar restaurants like chipotle. The portions are large for the price and the food is still yummy if finished later in the day.The environment: The actual restaurant is interesting to look at and offers plenty of seating indoor and outdoor.
3	Food is fair. Staff is prompt and courteous.
4	Great place for pork barbacoa burrito and tacos.  Variety of boutique sauces to choose from.  Home made tortillas, beans and other veggies.  Excellent!
4	For those of you who aren't familiar with Cafe Rio: It's similar to Chipotle but waaaaaay better!Every time I visit Las Vegas, my sis-in-law usually has leftover cater-sized portions of the Pork Barbacoa Salad with the house dressing. During my last visit, we had lunch here and this time I got to try it with their tortillas, which is seriously like crack. Normally I don't like to order salads at fast food places but this is the exception.  The portions are pretty big but I can eat this salad in one sitting.
3	Hmmm. This Cafe Rio visit confused me. It didn't taste quite like the new one on Stephanie in Henderson. It was very very salty! The service was strange as well--two people alternated fixing my dish and taking payment for it. I still love that tortilla wheel--it never gets old, but then again I'm easily impressed. I wish I would have gotten my bean/cheese/rice burrito enchilada style, because it was nearly impossible to eat as a burrito anyway--too gooey and needed a fork to scoop into my mouth. My belly was still happy, though not as happy as it could have been. A major plus for this place (and maybe for the stars aligning just right) is that I left my cell phone in the bathroom, drove to UNLV and (gasp!) realized after I had parked that it was missing. I rushed back (I don't think I have been such a "Vegas Driver", ever) and lo and behold, it was still there! I got durn lucky, that's for sure, but I like to think it's just good people going to Cafe Rio that aren't stealing my precious iPhone.
3	Between Chipotle and Cafe Rio, I always go to Cafe Rio. There is a bigger menu, and, overall, the food tastes better. The service is friendly, and the staff is pretty efficient when it comes to keeping the lunch line moving and making sure your order is right. A few perks: the tortillas are made fresh to order, the lunch deals are a good steal, and there is a variety in drink options besides soda.
1	Ordered for an event our company was sponsoring!!  Let me say this is the 2nd time that they have been late. This time I told them 11:15 in hopes that they would be ready to eat by 11:45am when in reality it was Noon.  Needless to say Food didn't show up until 12:05pm  it was only 1 guy with food for 100 people and he had no cart to carry the food in and had no sense of urgency. We spent a little over 1k and expect the food to be on time, hot and if they happen to be running late at least a sense of urgency.  The food is great, but don't order from them for large parties especially if you don't want to look bad. Very dissapointed !!
1	Refused to accommodate a food allergy, which simply would have involved using rice without shitlantro in it.Definitely will not waste my time coming here again, when Chipotle is just up the street, and is willing to accommodate an easy request.
4	I had no idea there was pork barbacoa as I've only had steak barbacoa at other burrito places. Been here twice: lines move fast, food is mostly under $8 each, and portions are generous. Got the pork barbacoa salad both times. It's layered on a tortilla with tortilla strips sprinkled on top. To top it off, they have vanilla Coke and cherry Coke. Score!
4	So there's one thing on the menu here that I'm a huge fan of. If it wasn't for this, I probably wouldn't have rated Cafe Rio a 4. Go to Cafe Rio on a Tuesday. Order their Coconut Shrimp Tacos. Eat the Coconut Shrimp Tacos. Leave Happy. These tacos are seriously heaven on earth. You can order 1 or 2 tacos with a side of rice and beans. A fountain drink comes with the tacos since it's the daily special. Each taco is stuffed with 2 or 3 pieces of coconut breaded shrimp, lettuce, some cilantro and comes with a side of warm mango chunky salsa. It's really unfortunate that these tacos are only available on Tuesdays. Or else I'd be there every single day as their star customer! Their rice and beans are alright, nothing to gush over. Personally, I think the rice and beans at Chipotle are better. They have homemade tortillas here. Those are alright, too. If you get their burrito, spend a dollar more to get it "enchilada style". They douse their hot sauce over the burrito and sprinkle cheese on top. Cafe Rio recently started to put their specialty drinks out by the fountain drinks. Their strawberry lemonade, mint limeade and horchata are all available to refill for free! I personally like to mix the strawberry lemonade and the mint limeade together. It's really refreshing - a must-have for the Vegas summers. Don't forget to get a stamp card! Buy 10 meals and get 1 free!
4	Very good burritos.  Though they say the Barbacoa is award winning, it is too sweet for my taste.  I love the salads (they are very large) but whatever they put on the lettuce can affect my digestive tract.  I usually go for the chicken burrito and my wife always gets a salad.
4	Always quick, good food, friendly service. Only downfall is the location. More addicting than Chipolte.
4	This place seems like it's ALWAYS busy around lunch time and usually there isn't anywhere to sit unless you happen to catch people leaving and just grab their table and it isn't too dirty because I've never seen anyone come around and wipe tables down between customers.The 4 stars come from food alone.  The homemade tortillas are amazeballs (and I don't even like tortillas, I'm a rice kinda girl).  The salad (basically an unwrapped burrito) is soooo good and huge.  I can barely finish 1/2 a salad.  I usually get a grilled chicken salad with everything on it.  I'd recommend getting the tortilla on the side though, because it'll get soggy at the bottom of your salad.  The green house ranch dressing thing they have is delicious as well.I also like the drink and tea selection and I like that they encourage you to mix their drinks into different combinations.Service at this location is just okay, nothing outstanding.Also, if you have a sensitive stomach and GI tract, i would be cautious.  Some people end up getting Cafe Rio stomach (which is fairly comparable to Chipotle stomach) if you know what I mean.  If you don't, then don't worry about it!
4	I had no clue what to expect, at first I thought,"oh chipotle" but not at all! Wayyy better love the steak tacos, and they melt the cheese to the shell!!!!! Great customer service too! Only complaint no mist outside and suggestive selling. I put salsa on my tacos an they got soggy(amateur move)
3	It appears they raise their prices again. They have a new menu board and it includes kid's meals. They let me get one which I appreciated as honestly there other meals are wayyyyy to many calories. For $3.78 I got a kid size queso with chicken, rice, chips and a drink..fine by me! I like them but I just think their regular menu items are getting pretty expensive,.,
4	I will always come back here, it's one of my favorite places in town.  But today it gets 4 stars because I need more meat in my taco!  When a taco has 80 times more lettuce than meat, it needs help.  Cafe Rio needs a meat intervention, NOW!!  I ordered a grilled steak taco and watched the employee put a nice scoop of meat on my tortilla.  And then he did the unforgiveable - he took the spoon and removed HALF the meat off back into the meat container. NOOOOOO!  But as it usually goes at Cafe Rio, the queso and chips - along with the rice and beans - make me enjoy my meal despite the meat removal.  My hubby had the enchiladas with hot sauce and they were gone in about 10 seconds.  He gives them 5 stars.  I need more meat.  A taco without meat is not a taco!
1	Wow does the service at this location suck. Every other cafe rio in the valley that I have eaten at always taste better and always have everything ok the menu. This location seems to never have pico or limes or juices or fresh meat. The Mexican lady who I assume is a manager is completely unqualified for her position and shows no smart or common sense when talking to people. Idiots.
4	So good. So fresh! You know this from the moment you walk in to the strip mall location and the air filles with the smell of flour tortillas. The sweet BBQ pork is a must try, especially on a salad IF you're a big cilantro fan like myself. The cafe is similar to a Chipotle but with fresher ingredients and hot salso. In addition, they have a large selection of beverages to choose from - Mexican Coca-Cola and fountain drinks that are unique in flavor. I wish I saw them before the Coca-Cola. After I left, I wanted to try all their refreshing fountain soda that seemed unique to the restaurant.
5	I was really impressed with the manager and staff with my experience at this location 4/29. The staff informed me they are out of salmon for fish tacos and if I wanted to wait it would be about 7 minutes. I said i'll take vegetarian. but they insisted it would be a treat to wait for the salmon so I did.. It ended up taking around 30 minutes. But patient as I am I waited quietly. The manager came over and apologized and offered me a free soft drink, and 50% off my meal for my time waited. When the salmon was ready, they made me some great fantastic tasting tacos, and went above and beyond with my meal and service. Very satisfied customer and I shall return again many times in the future. Thank you
4	Ohhhh Cafe Rio!!My friend brought me here for my birthday lunch normally only eat chicken or turkey. So I have never been here before and I decided to go with the chicken bowl or I guess its the chicken salad. Upon entering it was really really busy so I took that as a good time there was a long line and whilst I waited i looked over the menu. What I loved is that they were making homemade tortillas!! I decided on the chicken salad , there are 2 types of chicken, the marinated one or the fire grilled chicken and I went to for the grilled chicken. I also had it with the beans and the rice. They also put 1 scoop of guacamole some tortilla strips Cojita cheese of course your romaine lettuce. It's served in a really big containers so it's actually kind of nice the only drawback about Cafe Rio is that is pretty expensive and if you get an extra cilantro dressing they charge 95 cents for it. I got to work and delved into my lunch, my first thought was that I was so excited because it was so delicious. The chicken was really tender the tortilla strips are really fresh and the dressing was a perfect addition to the salad. The tortilla that was homemade is seriously the best part, so delicious and tasted just like the ones my grandma made. The salad is big enough for lunch and for dinner so it's really actually kind of nice so I don't mind paying $10 for the salad itself if you go during lunch be sure to get there early or order online because there sometimes there is a long wait or no chairs available. Also don't forget to get your Cafe Rio card which I still haven't gotten and I'm gone twice. YAY!
4	I know it is a chain but I like coming here for lunch. I hate pork but their sweet pork is delicious. This location has great customer service and they are always on top of it when I am there for the lunch rush!
2	Let me just say, I love cafe rio. Order all the time. Today, I went into the one on Maryland and I never seen more rudeness than I did today. As I watched one of the workers ask Sonya for help, she basically said no ask someone else. While Sonya was saying no to help one of her fellow employees out, I watched as she rolled up silverware for a catering order. 1. She has no gloves on, 2. She was coughing all over the utensils. I feel so bad for who Evers catering order she was taken care of. Once again, Sonya was asked for help and she yet again said no. I felt horrible for the woman asking for help. I will not be returning to that location.
4	Their salad is my favorite! Mmmmmmm...
3	My friend talks about this place all the time. So when I came to visit..this was the first stop.The food was really good, the service was far less. The only complaint on the food is they are not as generous as Chipotle with their guacamole. The girl at the counter had serious sass.. Having worked in her position for four year- I would never mock a customer. You could tell she was local.. hahaThey put chicken next to my burrito so they would know it had chicken, even though it was a vegetarian burrito, so I said: " I did'nt ask for chicken", and they all looked confused and all started asking each other "is there chicken in here", "hey did you add chicken" to each other. I thought that was taking too long, you either A. Let me check or B. Just make a new one without all the question asking. Since they didn't get the memo I just said "I'll check it myself and just let you know". They didn't get it, so I repeated myself. (It's wasteful to instantly make a new one, so I wanted to make sure it was right before they threw it out.). The girl at the cashier proceeds to mock me and say, "GUYS, She'll check it herself, she'll check it herself" in a very rude/ mocking manner.... Oh well, sadly many people don't have great customer service.Regardless of the rude employees, Cafe Rio is very yummy and if I stumble across another I would go back.
4	This was the first cafe rio I went to last year. It was because of this location that got me hooked on their food. Ordering online is sooo easy, you can choose the most specific requests to make and I have gotten through with little to no issues (over 20 times ordering online, only 1 or 2 small things (left off guacamole on salad, wrong dressing) but given the law of averages they are pretty darn good.Taste wise the salads are awesome and the reason I order from here at least once a week. Everything tastes so fresh, especially the tortilla under the salad. They make the tortillas at the location which makes a great addition to the salad. *they just added a wheat tortilla option which I tried and was sooo good. Portion sizes are pretty large and unless I'm starving ill get 2 meals out of 1 salad.
5	O M G! My friend took me here and I just fell in love with the food. Large portions, super tasty and the tortillas are awesome! I tried their salad with steak and house dressing, the tamales (pork and chicken), and the nachos.The salad was huge, extremely tasty, and filling. The nachos must be eaten right away. If you let it sit too long, the cheese gets hard and hard to eat. The tamales were delicious. I liked the chicken over the pork.The sugar free strawberry lemonade was so refreshing and so was the limeade.If I lived in Vegas, I'd eat here often. As much as I love Chipotle, this was much better than that!
1	I have been going to Cafe Rio for years,but this was my first time on this location-and probably the last one. I always have the Tostada and the portion is huge and satisfying. This time the size was the half of what I'm used to. I brought it to their attention, and the answer I got was "we do it this way here". Well...if you are operating a franchise, every aspect of the business should be the same at every location. I am very disappointed! I left hungry, and my friend,who came with me for the first time,will never return. Shame on You!
2	I don't really see the appeal of this place, especially when Chipotle is a block away.Portions are small, flavors are lacking, and prices are like 35% higher than Chipotle.No corn salsa is a deal-breaker.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch at the Cafe Rio. What a great idea- you get a bunch of choices to order from- I got the taco plate with two tacos and chose the shredded chicken and the shrimp of the day with rice and beans. It's a little like a Chipotle but with allot more options. I wish the staff had drained the chicken a little more since sit was in so much water that it soaked through the tortilla. But overall, it was good and decently priced at $7. I was also impressed by the drink choices- they had lemonade with basil and three types of iced tea to try as well as an assortment of other delicious drinks all refillable and are all for the same price as a fountain drink. The ambiance is kinda cute with multi colored chairs and tables. If you're looking for a good priced and relaxed lunch, you can't go wrong with Cafe Rio.
2	I have been going to cafe rio for years, mainly in salt lake where it started. Love the food and my port burrito enchilada style with hot sauce was pretty good but the service was terrible. The young gal with the ray ban glasses thought it was more important I wipe off trays than it was to grab my food off the melter thing and ring me up. I'll come back, I just hope next time the employees treat me better and don't make it so obvious they're having a terrible day.
2	Cafe Rio, as a chain alternative to Chipotle & Baja Fresh, you rock. You have tasty, handmade tortillas. You often have mahi and regularly have wild-caught salmon. Your hot sauce selection is unrivaled. BUT, your UNLV location kinda sucks. The last 4 times I've been in, you've been "out" of salmon, regardless of the time of day--even on a day where you advertised your SPECIAL as fish tacos (um, take down the sign if you run out). You were entirely out of napkins in the entire shop on my last visit (and no staff offered a creative solution like, I dunno, a roll of paper towels?). And when I ask for a veggie burrito, a tortilla stuffed with rice & cheese doesn't cut it. The sign says "guacamole" is inside, but you never even offered it.I think we're gonna have to break up.
5	I ended up ordering a salmon burrito and it was absolutely amazing. I usually order the regular steak burrito, and I never heard of a salmon burrito. It was totally worth it. I can eat this for the rest of my life.
5	Cafe Rio has been a favorite spot of mine for a long while now. I have been to their locations in Utah, Washington, and Nevada. It's a step above Chipotle and they have daily specials that are all pretty good and not as expensive as other items on the menu. The only downfall with this place is that if you're not careful when you're ordering you can end up dropping around 15 dollars for lunch. The portions are all pretty damn big. My favorite thing to order is the Sweet Pork Tostada! This location is right across from UNLV so it can get VERY BUSY!!
4	My physics teacher was talking about the big ol' round tortilla cooking thingy, so I had to check it out. It is right across the street from UNLV so easy peesy.Food was very tasty, I had a chicken salad in a tortilla of course, yummy!The restaurant dining area was clean and the staff was helpful and nice. The tea was empty, all of the teas were empty :( so I had a soda, not a fan of soda.. Anywho, really yummy food here, I recommend it...
5	The only thing I've ever had was the coconut shrimp tacos that were a Tuesday Special, and they were divine. the hand made fresh tortillas are awesome too.
4	The food at Cafe Rio is some of my very favorite. I love Chipotle too, but the reason why I would say I like Cafe Rio more is because of their green ranch, YUM! That ranch is something else. I smother my burritos in it and always choose it for my salad dressing - a gift from the gods. Another thing, I'm not entirely sure if Chipotle has Daily Specials or not, but if they do, Cafe Rio does a better job of advertising them. I love Cafe Rio's Daily Specials because they come with a free drink! Good deal, considering their menu is pretty pricy (the reason I withheld one star).I am most particularly appreciative of this location because this Cafe Rio is right across the street from UNLV, so I never have to go far whenever I crave their food, which is ALWAYS. Haha. Big plus.ALSO! Their ice!  For those of you who love icy cold drinks like me, I'm sure you are also fond of their ice. All other food establishments need to follow suit.
3	Normally cafe rios are excellent but the lack of customer svc makes this one a 3-star.  No ice in the drink machine and the ice tea as well as limeade was out.  The later was out from when we got there to the end!Hopefully someone in management will help re-align then.
1	I'm glad that Cafe Rio doesn't know how to accommodate vegans.I ordered a vegetarian, single enchilada with no cheese. The menu specifically stated that vegetarian options get guacamole, double rice, and double beans, yet they told me I would be charged for double rice and double beans.So I'm finally about to eat my vegan enchilada, and guess what I found when I cut it in half: Cheese.I think I'll just stick with Chipotle since they are more consistent with vegan orders.
1	If you want stale and very dry hard rice you'd come to the right place! I was looking forward to trying something new since I usually go to Chipotle when I am craving Americanized Mexican food. I think I will be sticking to Chipotle for awhile.The flour tortilla was really greasy, the guacamole was tasteless and expensive for 1 oz serving and was a shade of olive green, the rice was sooo hard like it wasn't cooked! Also, the black beans were overcooked and were clumpy and kinda dry. Overall I think their food just looks quiet unappetizing because the presentation along with what I tasted today were not good. Plus, the back of the house was kinda messy along with messy steam tables...if you have an open kitchen I'd recommend to keep it presentable.
4	I love Cafe Rio. The food is so good and always taste fresh. I'm giving it four stars instead of five because of that one time I got a quesadilla and it lacked cheese. Also this location gets VERY busy during the school year.
5	I love this place. It's by far the greatest value for money around UNLV campus. Try a tostada salad with chicken or pork and house dressing. If you want a lot of food try a steak salad and a one of their deserts. Staff members are constantly rotating but overall are nice young guys. One of the managers looks unnecessary mean (a girl server said that she can't put more cheese on my plate because the manager will yell at her). Please, don't yell at them! I ate at your place literally over 100 times and my loyalty is worth more than this extra grain of rice. Please keep refilling your teas too.
1	I love cafe rio but this location was very disappointing. The staff was very rude and the salad that I ordered comes with cheese but the guy only gave me a pinch and told me if I wanted more than that it would cost $1 more. The other locations give you cheese and don't argue with their customers over it. Then I asked for limes and they gave me lemons instead and when I told then, he rolled his eyes at me, like really. This location is very stingy with their ingredients and the staff have poor attitudes. I Will NEVER be back to this location EVER again and I have advised several others to go to a different location so they don't go through the same hassle I did. Lack of customer service is prevalent here.FYI: If you hate your job that much that you treat your customers like shit, then quit your job. Management shouldn't allow this to happen, PERIOD!!!!!!!
2	Cafe Rio is on a downhill.When I tried in the past I thought it was decent, but this time, lettuce, rice and all other ingredients were very dry. So disappointing. I don't know how they could overlook it.Go to Chipotle.
5	Went Cafe Rio had a wonderful wet burrito with all the fixings plus knowledgable staff to aid in filling you up at a good price
5	I Can't get enough of this place.Home made tortillas.Green sauce on everything.As healthy as you want to make it! Home made tortillas!The lines move fast.Mmmmmmmmm.HOME MADE TORTILLAS!!You must eat here!!!!
4	The food is delicious, somewhat expensive. Two reasons its not a five star. All four times I have gone the trashcans have been overflowing and the other reason is the service can be rude at times.
5	I decided on one of my favs, Cafe Rio. I had a huge chicken burrito, enchilada style. Everything was fresh and pretty tasty. I did have to ask for a little more cheese, but the girl that created my masterpiece happily obliged. I had some change that I wanted to get rid of and asked the cashier if I could use a roll of dimes I had from my change drawer at work. This girl broke it open and started counting it as if it didn't already say $5 on roll. She clearly doesn't attend ULVN...a sweetheart nevertheless. Lol
4	Excellent Mexican food with freshly made tortillas. Great service & easy parking. Friendly staff. Delicious juices with free refills. Tasty salsa for those fresh, still warmChips. Chicken was wonderful.
2	Decided to give it a shot seeing as it is close to campus. Bad idea. Grease, grease, and more grease. I couldn't even stomach taking more than a couple bites. Upside: the guacamole and chips are pretty good. I'd take a pass on this location at least.
3	The food is really good but I am really tired of having the same problems every time I go.  I have allergies and cannot have any tortillas and every time I explain, #1 They cannot hear me because of the very tall glass that is VERY inconvenient, #2. It is like I am ordering the strangest thing, they don't seem to get it when all the similar restaurants have bowls available, #3. They're very inconsistent with the amount of meat they'll give you and #4. They do not know how to price it! I have paid $4.00 and change up to $9.00 and change, it is always different.  This is my issue with Cafe Rio, I dislike the ordering my bowl very very much. Terrible customer service.  Please Cafe Rio create one new menu item called BOWL and train your employees about the portions for the meat.  I really have tried it all and it's always different. I would like to be able to just say can I have a bowl, and get rice, beans, meat, lettuce, pico, and a sauce, and the protein portion to be fair. Please consider this request. Otherwise, I like the food and it has good prices.
2	I went there with my family, ordered a salad and for $8.95 and all I got was a bunch of lettuce, very little meat with a spoonful of guacamole. The cashier acted like she was doing us a favor when asked if we could get a container for my daughter. They need to learn that customers keep them in business.
5	The food here is so great.  My family cannot get enough.  Even my 8 year old loves the food and she is super picky.  The sweet pork is the best.  The size of the food is so big sometimes I can't finish it.
5	I LOVE Cafe Rio.  Food is always fresh and great tasting without all the fast food garbage you find elsewhere.  Today I had the chicken tostada special. Something different every time.  I love the Burritos too. You won't be disappointed.
