5	For a place that is modeled after a Brothel, I never thought the thing that would stick with me the most would be the food......Me and my friends went and hit this place up for dinner the day after it opened and were pleasantly surprised. We went expecting sub par food engorged in a world of burlesque dancers and got amazing food with a subtly intimate decor. Yes there are viewing windows were every twenty minutes or so a young woman in lingerie would come out and to things like sew and try on clothes. But that gets old after the first time you see it .What the true appeal to this place is the food, for an appetizer we had cracked pepper chicken wings that were full of flavor and the spice was not over powering. For dinner I had the beef braised ribs, and they were truly not what I expected. I figured they might have a bone, but no they were three little pieces of meat on top of mixture of squash and corn.At one point I actually had to ask the waitress what the hell I was eating because I had no idea that corn and squash were supposed to go together. But they pulled it off and I actually left full of a rather small a la cart portion. Its a little pricey, but nothing too over the top.All in all it was one of the better meals I've ever had and it was completely out of left field. I guess it doesn't hurt to have celebrity chef Kerry Simon at the helm of the menu.Bottom line go here because you have a touch of the perv in you, go again because you enjoy a great meal.
4	Very upscale and intimate feeling when you walk up the stairs of the CatHouse in Luxor.  The drinks were reasonably priced.  Very nice ambiance, decor and furniture.  The sound system is top notch - you can feel the floor and furnitures shaking with the music beat.  The lingerie model dancing was a very good show.  Overall it was a pretty fun experience and lots of Vegas spirit in the air!
5	Walking through the halls of The Cathouse reminded me of the Haunted Mansion in Disneyland.  Yes, I know that sounds really absurd, but if you can get in this joint, check out the "rooms" and tell me they don't!? After a really generous friend (read: high roller) was kind of enough to pay for 2 (!!) bottles for our group of 14, we were escorted to a cute booth inside the Cathouse.  The music on Friday was awesome, the crowd was getting low, low, low, low, and *gasp* I saw some apple bottom jeans.I can finally say I've been to the Cathouse without feeling like a dirty ho.
4	Iron Chef + Bordello =  CatHouseThe concierge at Hard Rock recommended dinner at CatHouse, the new Kerry Simon restaurant at Luxor. I'd seen him on Iron Chef and I'd been to Simon LA, so I was definitely game. Walking around the Luxor, I started to see the posters advertising CatHouse. I was immediately put on edge. Two buxom brunettes in bustiers. I immediately flashed back to a horrid "dinner" I had recently with a friend at the Gold Club (the saddest salad I have ever had the displeasure of eating and they charged EB $1 for extra ketchup on his fries. Weak.) We walk upstairs to the dining area, the walls covered in myriad framed photos of black & white erotica (vintage and otherwise). We entered an absolutely gorgeous dining room, with crushed blue velvet booths and curtains, extravagant chandeliers over each table and baroque bordello accents. In the corner, a model sits in a vanity applying cosmetics and changing lingerie. Well, I guess it's a better gig than sitting in a bathtub at Tao. The menu primarily features a range of small plates and several large plates, meant for sharing. We ordered the truffled mac & cheese, salmon cakes, steak tartare, hamachi carpachio, mussels & frites, creamed spinach and brussel sprouts with pancetta. For three girls, this was a good amount of food and though we didn't finish everything, we did save room for dessert. Crushed Red Velvet Cake, with Marscapone Cream Icing; oh my gosh, we practically licked the paper wrapping. The steak tartare, easily the best I have ever had (yes, even better than the Kobe Steak Tartare I had at the Fifth Floor in SF). The mussels and frites were also exceptional; we couldn't stop dipping the fries into the broth of white wine, garlic, tarragon and shallots. Honestly though, everything was well executed. I'm really going to have to rethink my stance on eating in the presence of lingerie models. There is an additional lounge area that is as red as the dining room is blue. The decor was luxe, the music was typical and the crowd was...eh. Just not for me. I might check it out again as a club, but I was surprisingly impressed with CatHouse as a restaurant.
4	After ditching the totally lame vibe at LAX, we walked over to Cathouse, which I had been hearing about on the gossip blogs. The line to get in was a little confusing since they have one line for table reservations and another for the "guest list/VIP".    Of course, if you are a girl and you are with other girls and there are no dudes in sight, you are on the list. I'm a complete sucker for the whole bordello theme, so naturally I loved the pictures of naked ladies everywhere. They have two rooms: one for house and one for hip hop/Top 40, the latter being the usual trashy gross frat party type of atmosphere and the former being much more our speed. If you're a straight guy looking to score in Vegas, this would probably be a good place as the ratio of guys to girls was really outrageous. Skanks everywhere. Enjoy!
5	wow this place was amazing! I missed the grand opening by one day back in december. this was on my to do list for this trip and I am glad it was on that list! from the moment I walked in I was captivated by the ambiance. the lighting mixed with the numerous pictures on the walls as you walked up the stairs added to the excitement.  I got into town early and had to wait for the rest of my friends to arrive. dinner for one...yes it's sad since I did'nt have anyone to experience this with (a big *ahem* to my fiance who did'nt make the trip). the service was fantastic. and the meal?  I'll quote the menu...I started with the wedge salad stick, iceberg lettuce, applewood smoked bacon, with point reyes blue cheese. I maybe should have skipped the salad. don't get me wrong it was good but of course I ordered more. main course was the filet mignon with sauteed forest mushrooms which was fantastic. I love beef (ok that sounded wrong) and this is up there with my all time favorites. it just melted in my mouth. also I added a side roasted brussel sprouts, pancetta. OK I usually hate brussel sprouts but I gotta say I am now a big fan! I did'nt save room for dessert so I guess that means I have to go back.oh yeah I forgot to mention!ps-it's modeled after a 19th century bordello but don't let that scare you off!
5	As you ascend up CatHouse's infamous staircase, you are clearly reminded why it's called CatHouse. The walls are lined with old burlesque and what looks to be brothel photos. Upon reaching the top of the staircase, Executive Chef Kerry Simon's sultry and sexy first-rate restaurant awaits you. Simon has created an eclectic menu, featuring a shared plates-style with influences ranging from Asian, American, to European. An interactive dining experience is encouraged, making it an excellent choice for both large groups as well as couples.Once you're finished dining, it's now time to dance off the food your just enjoyed. The Loungerie, CatHouse's dance venue, is reminiscent of the fabled bordellos of Europe that were frequented by celebrities and royalty. CatHouse is no different, with celebrities hosting evenings on a frequent basis. If you can take your eyes off the celebrities, you'll find the beautiful and talented Coquettes dancing and modeling CatHouse's own line of lingerie.Whether your evening calls for wonderful dining, sexy and sultry dancing, or both, CatHouse fits the bill offering a Las Vegas experience like no other.
4	I have been to Cathouse on two separate birthday celebrations, and I had a great time at both.  The decor is quite lavish inside, and the booths that we were in were quite nice as well.  We tried quite a bit of everything here: the fondue, mini crab cakes, crispy calamari with zucchini chips, tuna tartare with tequila caviar and lotus root, and the linguine. The linguine dish had pecans which gave it an interesting texture to it.  Everything was all quite good, particularly the tuna tartare, calamari, and mini crab cakes  The lotus root chips  that came with the tuna tartare had a crispy texture that went well with the tuna. Very light.  The calamari was quite tasty, and I really liked how they did not skimp on the serving!  It was quite a reasonably sizable plate for $12!  As for the crab cakes, they were good, but I wished the plate came with more than just 3.  Last but not least came the best part of the dinner: dessert! Since there was a huge group in the first birthday celebration, everyone ordered a different  dessert and were able to taste a little bit of each.  All the desserts were quite fabulous, particularly the creme brulee and bread pudding! For the second birthday celebration, they even brought the bday girl a special dessert plate with red velvet cake and pink cotton candy.  Very nice presentation! All in all, we all had a wonderful time here.  The separate room for dancing was really fun! We would definitely come back to dine, wine, & party!
4	Beautiful decor, delicious food, and a very sexy vibe.  I had lots of fun here last weekend!Minus 1 star because: 1) I called and they said they were fully booked for dinner.  The concierge called and presto, they had room.  2) The fondue was watery, and didn't come until we had finished the entire rest of our dinner.  They brought out the candle, the veggies...everything but the fondue.  3) My Grey Goose tonic was $16.  A little pricey, no?
4	Minus 1 star for the lack of semi-nude women around.  I thought there were supposed to be more of them.  Lies!  Minus one.It was very "expensive whore" classy and cool decor.  We had one of the corner booths which was nice and secluded...but my manfriend had to sit on a stool while the other 3 of us sat in the booth part which was kind of weird (no under table groping for me!). I think our friends were slightly confused by the small plates and weren't all that into sharing (annoying), but the food was all very good.  I had the cheese fondue and a pasta dish which was very yum.  Great cocktails - I had some kind of fancy blueberry martini.  Not usually into girly drinks, but I dug it.Overall, liked it a lot.  Also impressed by all the general (non-Egyptian) changes going on at the Luxor.
4	Cathouse is not exactly a Vegas hot spot. But it's a great place to go after a wild night of partying, or even to go get yourself into the mood. Its got the right amount of people, a fun crowd, and you can actually move around and dance without getting trampled on by some drunken bachelorette. And honestly, do you really want to party with Paris Hilton? How many times do you need to see her crotch or various other parts of her body before you get bored? Cathouse is totally underrated. And where else can you buy underwear right on the dance floor? Good for those girls who don't plan on putting out and change their mind once they see hot boys.
4	Why would they allow a Dog in the Cathouse? .No really....Dog The Bounty hunter was hanging out with Carrot Top last night.  I wonder if they had a hair contest who would win for most bizzare?  We came here after a brief visit to LAX.  It was about midnight and the restaurant portion was closed and they were converting the area to the nightclub.  They let us stay during the conversion but just us, a Dog, a Carrot and their entourage.So we got to keep our booth which was nice because after 1 the place was packed with people.  I think a lot of them were hookers because not only did they look it but they would go up to random men and get nasty with them (see photos).  Oh yeah...the sexy girl in the red is one of the dancers.
4	I was here during Memorial Weekend for a..yes, you guessed it, Bachelorette Party (surprise, surprise!) The food was good but the service...eh! I guess that's what you can expect from a place that is more geared towards being a bar/club as opposed to a full-fledged restaurant. The decor is very cool-mysterious, sexy, but in an old world sort of way-not the over the top sexed out way. After dinner we walked over to the club area; therein lies two stage areas for brides to be and others to dance atop, except when the hired help scoots you over to do their mini burlesque shows, which are actually pretty tastefully done and entertaining.
3	This is where all the LAX rejects go, or where the Lakers go when the CELTICS KICK BUTT!Well, at least that's the impression I got when I popped in on Saturday after leaving LAX and Noir Bar. Interesting spot. Had a nice Burlesque/old-Texas-town feel about it, and the waitresses wore some very sexy skimpy outfits. But I really wasn't impressed. It kind of reminded me of a sparsley-decorated loft in LA that was rented out to people that didn't make the linepass to Area or Les Deux. Music was decent though.Will I go back there? Only if I'm severly trashed, or horny and desperate.
2	I have yet to even go here for one simple reason. They are some of the most difficult people to get a reservation arranged for a group. I was calling for about a month before the date & they never returned calls or e-mails. Once I finally got a hold of the "event planner", Ashley, she said she would send me information & menus to pick out. After 3-4 days without an e-mail they finally return my calls & still no email. I eventually booked somewhere else. Their loss. A golden birthday was planned & they lost out.I might still give this place a try one day, but just be patient when trying to get reservations for groups.
3	Who wants to eat in front of lingerie waitstaff/models?  None of the women in my party did but I didn't care as I'll never look like any of them.   The bordello theme is not an original one but it was kind of cool as a setting for a conversation starter at dinner.   The drinks were good [the blueberry martini was yummy]. Our dinner party of 6 didn't order much food [sliders, stuffed mushrooms, some primavera pasta thing, some tuna dish] but everything was good although not memorable.   One nice touch -  Kerry Simon stopped by our table to say hello [he knew my friends and i've met him a handful of times] and sent us one of each dessert - yum. The best was the red velvet cake witth that yummy frosting.Still not sure about this place - i'll have to try it  again on my own without "juice" and eat more.
1	This place BLOWS.  I made a reservation but still had to wait a half hour in the bar before they could seat us.  The managers(yes there were TWO) didn't seem too concerned.  In fact it wasn't until an hour after we got seated and still hadn't gotten our food that the manager finally realized something was wrong.  He comped over half the dinner, and was very nice - but it was a day late and a dollar short.  I don't make reservations so that I can get "comps".  I am perfectly happy to spend my money on good food and good service.  This place has neither...NEXT?
3	Cathouse isn't exactly what I expected.  I didn't realize it was a restaurant, and I didn't realize there were girls dancing in front of you while you eat.  The place was dead when I went, but this was because it was a Wednesday night.  So obviously I didn't get to see it in a atmosphere of people dancing if they do dance here.  From what I saw, it wasn't anything exciting though.  I might have to change my review when I go on a weekend.
4	I went on a monday after trying two other lame spots (cleopatras and rockhouse)  so it could be different on other nights.  But for me it was off the hook!!  the music was pretty tight but the crowd was off the hook.  breakers, b-boys and just a ton of people that wanted to have fun!!!  It was great!!
5	It's like I died and went to heaven.  I went with 2 of my friends this past Monday, which just so happened to be industry night, and we got bottle service.  Our table was right on the dance floor and random people kept sitting down next to us.  Now I'm not trying to sound like an ass, but we did drop quite a bit of cash so yeah I'm not a real big fan of some random sweaty guy basically sitting on my lap. The staff was cool, from the VIP host to the bouncers that kicked the mentioned sweaty douchebags out of our seats.  The waitresses are something else.  Definitely a place for the guys to go if you want to see gorgeous girls in lingerie pouring you drinks.  We got there around 10:45 and at about 11:30 we got a surprise you can't even pay for.  25 strippers from Spearmint Rhino were seated next to us.  Now I know some of you girls just aren't understanding how lucky we were.  That's like hitting the jackpot of VIP for us guys.  What's even better is that they had their own booze so they didn't even bug us for ours.I kind of blacked out after we drank two thirds of our bottle of Grey Goose so the rest of the night is kind of sketchy,  There were a decent amount of good looking girls and some guys too, for you ladies.  We closed the place down at around 4, but to be totally honest with you I have no clue how many people were still there because that part of the night is a blur.  I think our bill was around $600, but it's Vegas right?  I wouldn't hesitate a second to do it again.
4	I came here after LAX and had a great time!  It was 1:30 on a Saturday and there was plenty of space to dance and the music was off the chain.  I loved it.
2	The ambience was perfect but the food was so average as was our waitress who was trying to be cute but seemed completely out of her element and not helpful at all.  I love Kerry Simon and again, the theme is so beautifully done but I do not think it was worth the money or the time.  Total bummer.
4	For my hubby's birthday I wanted to take him someplace different and Cathouse fit the bill. Dinner was amazing! We are huge truffle fans so the Strip served with pomme frittes drizzled with truffle oil was the best french fries I have ever laid my lips on. And the truffled mac and cheese rivals one of the best I've tasted too. The service was excellent and atmosphere was loungy and sophisticated.
4	NOTE: Review is for the club only, we didn't eat anything or even step foot in the restaurant area.We came here with a meetup group. There were about 100 of us that were given free VIP admission and a nice table without having to purchase bottle service. While this added to my experience, I think it's still a great club to go to even if you can't get a table. Loved the ambience, loved the sexy dancers that danced every hour or so, and the music was decent although they still have the issue of only playing a song for less than a minute before changing songs. The best part? The people watching.. oh wow. There were a couple of marines that came in after us with a couple of ladies dressed in Frederick's outfits.. the clear shoes, the works. Hrm.. ok. It's Vegas, whatever.Then the two girls proceed to dance together on the elevated stage. Lots of crotch flashing.. mmmk...Then the girls go back to a couch with their marine guys, and one of the chicks proceeds to give him a full on lap dance.. in..the..club. Is cathouse a strip club? I'm confused. Is getting on your knees and rubbing your backside all over someone's face in a club OK? It was quite entertaining to say the least.. I felt like I was in a strip club without paying cover.. nice.In any case, between the sexy atmosphere and insane patrons, my evening was fun to say the least. I liked that it was "intimate" feeling, but I still had plenty of room to dance. My clubs in Vegas rankings are now: Tryst, Jet, Cathouse, Lavo.. in that order.
3	I can't give this place an additional half star! booo!! But i would give it a 3.5 stars.i honestly expected a bit more out of this place.. intimate? not really... There was just a girl in lingerie in a windowed room repeating her routine every like 20 minutes.. she puts on her makeup.. she reads a book.. she changes..lights turn off she goes to sleep.. then it repeats again...The waitresses were in not so revealing outfits, not that I wanted to see it but The website i guess just overhyped the ambience of this place.  It is like a classier HOOTERS! Decor: Dim lights all around. Cool changing lights lamps. Creative Idea with the different wooden doors around the bathroom area, even though it does confuse us a bit on where to go. The walls were padded like a fancy cabaret.  Nice chandeliers hanging down.  One thing I didn't like though was the selection of some chairs... with barely no back rest.. how do older people lean if they are tired from eating?  I didn't think that was the best chair selection... and for a cold night.. where do you expect us to put our coats? on our no back rest chair? on our laps? so we ended up putting our coats on the side chairs since that's what everyone else was doing.. lack of space basically.Food: Very good i must say.. Nothing too SPECIAL or UNIQUE but at least the food was very satisfying.  I had the grilles salmon, which was cooked perfectly, a bit raw in the middle.. Perfect for my taste.. The sauce complemented very well.  I also tried the organic brick roasted chicken.. So tender and the spices were cooked with it to perfection! Not too oily or greasy.  I am always iffy when ordering chicken dishes because the chicken might end up being dry.  But i have to say this was one of the best chicken dishes i have had in awhile!  I had a piece of the filet mignon, pretty good. I liked how they had few selections of steak sauces, where I can take turns trying the sauces with the meat.  Dessert: we had the red velvet cupcakes for my friend's birthday. They were so moist! I loved them. I liked the cream cheese mix frosting on top of it  Another thing that was pretty cool and basic was the cotton candy they gave us to share.. with the LCD light in the middle of it making the cotton candy glow.. i am a big sucker at little things and get all happy!Service: Excellent.. I would like to say my waitress was hot! hahaha that is all.. Very attentionate and tells us updates on if food is taking awhile. Very considerate.  The place was definitely packed but not the lounge area.Club: Pretty dead.. we came back here on our club hopping..someone handed us free shot on the house and front door entry so we went back in.  It is definitely an older crowd.. Everyone was just drinking and sitting.. maybe 4 girls were dancing on the dance floor.. The decor is nice though, similar to the restaurant.. There were go go dancers with wooden canes dancing around.. but it was empty so ehhh?!?  We just left with a stamp in case we wanted to come back in and got our free shots.. It is definitely cheaper than drinks at other clubs though..$10-$12 a shot.. compared to The Bank for a patron shot of $15..... I wouldn't come here again though for a night out of debauchery.
3	While gambling at the Luxor I was approached by a Cathouse promoter who invited me and my two friends guest list entrance, so we jumped at the invitation.  I love the decorations in this club, dark velvet couches, filigree wallpaper, and brothel inspired decor of all kinds.  The cocktail servers were scantly clad in tasteful, flirty and very sexy corsets  and knee high boots.  I  love the vibe in  this place!  The  only down side was the price of drinks (always an issue in Vegas clubs) and the shitty music.  I am not a fan of top 40 circa 2002.  Cathoue would have earned another star if they had stuck with a genre that matched the ambiance.  Hit this up if you get in for free, skip if you are considering paying $30.
3	I've been to the Cathouse the last couple of times I've been to Vegas pretty dope club but I get in for free cause I know the resident DJ. The main house is dope but its lack in dance floor looses a star. I would recommend this place for bottle service but not for bar hopping. The lounge is pretty chill as well. Its decor is one of a kind amongst many of the clubs I've been to; really Pin-Up status.
5	Okay, my husband and I had such an amazing, awesome experience at this restaurant that we decided to make our meal there our "Valentines Day dinner" just one week early. When I got home, I canceled our reservations at a restaurant in Boston - there's no way it would measure up to the relaxing, lovely dinner we had at the Cathouse!At first, I was just looking for something a little different as a precursor to "Fantasy" the topless show at the Luxor that we were going to see later that night, so I popped by Cathouse to make a reservation for Sunday at 8:30pm. The girl was super nice and I asked her what the deal was - she said the nightclub hours are very different than the restaurant hours. I assumed (because of the windows -which were filled with lingere) that the girls in the place were supposed to be all lingere all the time. I was fine with that, but actually, when we checked out the place, we found out that the girls usually wear short black dresses and boots instead.So, we arrive a little early for our reservation and are immediately seated at a circular table with comfy velvet couches. The table cold have easily fit 5 or 6 people comfortably but having the whole table to ourselves made us feel luxurious. Every table has a chandelier over it. Loved the look of this place. It was so awesome. The wallpaper was fantastic and the walls were covered with vintage pornography from the early 1900s. - I found the whole place to be very intimate. The space was a lot smaller and believe it or not ...darker than most places in Vegas - a refreshing intimacy after a lot of large and lofty restaurants.The food was incredible.  We started out with some Pommes Frites. The french fries were a heaping portion and tasty (but honestly it got much better from there) We got the truffle macaroni and cheese (holy cow so awesome) and for our entree Russ ordered the pepper encrusted Tuna steak and I ordered the braised short rib of beef. My short rib was so flavorful, tender and absolutely mouthwatering. Russ's Tuna steak was also awesome, really fresh and delicious. We followed up with two desserts - Red Velvet Cake with Marscapone icing - they were still warm when they got to our table! And Russ's small donuts stuffed with hazelnut cream.  Our waitress was polite, attentive, and I loved being able to snuggle up to Russ and just enjoy his company. The manager stopped by our table to ask us how it was going which I thought was a nice touch. Like people were saying, there is a girl who is putting on makeup in lingerie while you dine. She does a couple of costume changes. The waitress told her that she'd like it if the girl could do more - but you can only do so much with a certain type of entertainment license. I think this restaurant is perfect for couples who love upscale comfort food and a stylish and unique atmosphere. Also, it's not so sexy that you couldn't bring more prudish friends along. I think it's classy and sultry and not slutty - which is refreshing. And the food was orgasmic, modern, and best of all -- fun.  I will dine here again when I'm back in Vegas!
4	(Restaurant-only review)I was in Vegas last weekend for business and after a horrible experience trying to find my room (another long story) I decided a glass of wine and a nice dinner were in order.  I love these theme restaurants where you feel like you've stepped into a soundstage.  It was clear that every detail was taken into account.  I can't say that I've ever been to a 19th-century bordello, but walking up the stairs, I imagine this was pretty close, or at least the Disney version.  You can always tell what kind of experience you are going to have by how the host greets (or doesn't) you.  I was acknowledged with a smile and given polite instructions upstairs.  Good start!  The two bartenders greeted me immediately and got my drink order.  I was alone and they continued to chat with me throughout my meal.  That was appreciated since I always sit at the bar when I'm alone for that reason.I ordered the tuna tartare with crispy lotus chips.  The tuna was deep red, mild and tasted fresh.  The presentation was great, not the stack you always see, but a nice exact rectangle accented with dots of a spicy aioli.  Next was the caesar salad.  This was the only dish I wasn't wild about, but it was good. The fresh pepper in the dressing gave it a slightly sandy  texture, but it still tasted good.  The manager, John, was nice enough to take the time to check on me even though the dining room was full.  He recommended a scallop dish and, damn was he right!  The jumbo scallops were seared and served on a bed of cauliflower risotto.  Melt-in-your-mouth delicious!  I would give an arm for that recipe.The place had a good vibe, the other patrons were friendly and it was entertaining just taking it all in.  I would definitely go back for those scallops and the great experience.
4	Enjoyed with my hubby for dinner during our VDay Trip.  The service was excellent, food was great, bar was awesome, and the club was interesting also.
1	This is NOT the cat's meow. This is when the cat coughs up a hairball. Ladies, get your free drinks and bounce.
3	First of all, 3 stars is not  a good rating for a Vegas club. I really liked the decor. Romantic, mysterious, and slightly naughty, reminiscent of a french bordello. I thought the dimly lit curved wood panelled walls, and the hanging french chandeliers were a nice touch. The music was cool, but I unfortunately was too sober by 2 am to really enjoy, since I wanted to avoid a hangover at 7am to catch my flight. Which meant my beer goggles were off. And some of the things I saw were not pretty. Big mamas and sloppy drunks.
4	Went to the Cathouse twice while in Vegas.  The first time was a Thursday night and it was a good time, but all females and kind of dead.  The DJ was a little wanting so we left.  Saturday night we came back.  Had originally gone to LAX, but the vibe there was way too aggressive; we wanted a place we could enjoy without all the posing and posturing.  The Cathouse was our place!  Hot bartender and hot promoter, too.  The music was much better than on Thursday night and it was a lot more crowded (but not overly so).  Looking forward to going back the next time I'm in Vegas.  Didn't eat there.   In fact, didn't realize that eating there was an option.
4	Nice club, plenty of room.  Didn't have to pay any cover which was also a plus.  I would return, and if you find pictures of me and my girlfriend from the photo booth let me know.  I was hammered and dropped them.
5	*This review is only in reference to the restaurant. My friend and I did not experience it as a club.*I absolutely love this place. If you're looking for a unique experience in Las Vegas, this would definitely be a place to have one. My friend and I love burlesque so if you're not so much into that, I don't know if you'd like it as much as we did.The truffle mac & cheese is to die for. I've ordered that at a few other places and Cathouse, by far, had the best. The mushroom ravioli was a bit hard but it still tasted good. The dessert menu here is to die for. I have only eaten at an average percentage of Las Vegas restaurants but I'm pretty sure this is the only place where you'll be able to order red velvet cake and peppermint cotton candy.The burlesque atmosphere manifests itself in almost every detail of the restaurant. The red patent leather doors, the black and white pictures on the walls, the waitresses' outfits, the interior of the restaurant, and best of all, the window. As someone who has no interest in nudity but loves to watch sexy girls dance, I really liked that every half hour or so, a very attractive girl would appear behind appear in a small room behind a large glass window. She would change behind a blanket, apply makeup to herself, read, etc.The food is reasonably priced and tastes delicious. I ordered a Southern Belle as my cocktail and now I am totally a whiskey fan. I would love to come back to this place on my next trip.
4	Had an incredible time here last Saturday Night. Some friends had table service, so when we showed up around 11:30...the party was in full swing. Got in with no wait and no cover. EVRYONE was dancing, the music was incredible, the crowd was cool...I'd go back.
4	I only went to the restaurant part of Cat House just for drinks.  We sat at the bar/ lounge area right next to the restaurant area.  http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/1-udggMgmpx-XMppZV1Pwg/lThe place is like a 19th century European bordello. http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/z4UrbI_f5yt4Xg7INZ0umw/l The bartenders all wore corsets with their little early 19th century up-dos.  They have a little glass display case of a real girl getting ready in front of her vanity table.  I swear she put like the whole bottle of hairspray in her hair... I mean you can only get ready for so long right?We ordered few dirty martinis and some shots of our very own JK (Jager and Kalua) yes I know it sounds gross... but its an inside joke, and we sometimes take it when we are feeling silly :P  Our bartender did a Bailey and Jager instead and man, it tasted like cr*p! Someone at the other table warned us that the bartender put Bailey instead but we decided to trust the bar tender and take the shot. BARF!But you know, I'm not going to take any star off the rating since she was very nice about it, and brought us couple of shots on the house :) yay~  We all got nicely buzzed before we went to xs that night :)  good times!
5	Setting - Amazing, loved the feel of the place as well as it's layout and style. One gripe would be the lighting but I can live with that. The European feel was spot on and the lady in the window was a nice addition. Service - Great service, friendly, chatty and always made sure we were ok for everything. Also the staff are hot and dressed quite provocativly which is never a bad thing in my books. Food - Everything bar my Shrimp starter was lovely and worth every cent we paid. The Calamari is a must from this place as its great and you get a decent portion too.Overall - I would eat here again without a second thought. Though not a place to take the kids to be honest. Would be great for a romantic meal.
4	I would've NEVER come here without the help of the strippers that brought us here.  I thought the decor was ehhhhhh, kinda made me feel weird.  But whatever, I still had an AMAZING TIME.  Maybe cause of the company and people we met here.  Its just the right amount of space and on this night, the right amount of people.  The tables were super cheap too compared to Tao.  Skky was only 200 which to me is totally reasonable for table service.
4	If you are looking for nice restaurant with a different ambiance and relaxed setting, stop by the Cathouse.  My wife and I ate there on our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food as well as the overall experience.  I must warn that the waitresses are dressed a little risque, like many places in Las Vegas, but it is tasteful and shouldn't be a cause of concern.  The manager was very helpful and even showed us their dance area as we were interested at holding bachelor/bachlorette  parties when we are in sin city in the near future.  I highly suggest that you take the opportunity to check the place out if you have a chance.
3	My wife and I were really looking forward to this place while we were staying at the Luxor.  Contrary to what the one of the other reviewers said, it's NOT a place for the LAX rejects, some of us just want to experience a unique restaurant.  One thing we found odd is that some of the burlesque photos had "Censure" stickers over where nipples should be, so maybe somebody came in and complained and made them cover them up.  So we get there and the waitress asks if she can start us off with some water.  So of course we accept and then proceed to order, along with two drinks (drinks are $12).   Don't worry about being too full after you eat here, because the portions are small.   Then, imagine our surprise when we got the bill and we were charged $6 each for water.Also it's not the seductive experience we were looking for.  The woman in the window just sits there and pretends to be putting on makeup.  This lasts for about 15 or so mins, and then the window goes dark for anywhere from 15-20 mins.So yeah, we weren't too thrilled with being charged for water.  Although the food was tasty, the overall experience was just okay.  Also, we didn't realize it but we were there during happy hour and we didn't get the 2-for-1 drink special, so make sure you demand it from your waitress when you are there.
5	The Luxor has a club named LAX, which is supposed to be the flagship night spot in the hotel.... Ha, don't sleep on a chance to get your grove on at Cathouse.  Restaurant by day (5 pm - 11 pm) and bomb a$$ nightclub by night; I had a blast on my friends 21st.  Staff is friendly and don't take their gigs too seriously.  Ambiance and decor is sexy but tasteful and the girls love it, which make us guys love it more.
2	My girlfriend and I recently went to the Cathouse for dinner.  It was ok. We made reservations the day before and were told that the dress code was business casual and that no shorts or open shoes were allowed.  When we went to dinner the next night we were both dressed appropriately.  We were sat at a nice table, but it put both of our backs to the woman dressing behind the glass thing, which is kind of the centerpiece of the room.  Neither of us cared for the 'show' being behind us.  Looking over your shoulder gets old quick.  The food was good but the portions were small and both of us were hungry about a 1/2 hr after we left.  We went with the 'regular tap H20' over the fancy H20 that you have to pay for.  While we were eating, approximately 6-10 guys came in that looked like they just got out of the pool. They were wearing tank tops, shorts, and mandels.  What the hell happened to business casual?  They got sat so they could see the girl behind the glass.  WTF?  We finished with desert, which was very good.  When we left we asked the hostess what the deal was with the guys and the non business causual dress and she told us that since business was bad that they were forced to lift the dress code.  We were thanked for dressing appropriately and she said that once the economy gets better that the dress code will be more strictly enforced.  ??????Overall we had a nice dinner.  The Cathouse wasn't what we thought it was going to be though.  Neither of us would go back .  We'd rather try something else.
4	I REEAAALLLYY like this place. Its very sexy and a very hip spot to have dinner.  The waitress are all beautiful and the decor is old European brothel.  As you walk up to the dining area, there are tons of pictures of women, in all forms of dress, covering the hallways of the staircase.  As you walk into the dining room, its a bit dark but thats the whole idea.  Very sultry.  In one corner of the dining area there is a picture box window with lights all around it.  Every once and awhile a half dressed woman comes out and sits at the makeup vanity and applies makeup or writes in her journal (oblivious to the rest of the world watching). Its a great touch to the place.  Most places with this type atmosphere usually score high in decor but very low marks in actual food but this place was great. I started off with    some sort of elixir martini (my waitress changed my drink cuz she thought I would like it better and she was right on).   We started with  oysters and they were excellent.  Served with horseradish and a champagne condiment.   For my entree I had braised beef ribs.  Very tender, and juicy.  I also got to taste the curry lamb and that too was excellent.  When we were first brought  the food, i didn't seem like much but it was the perfect portion.  I also had a side  of fries.  Shoestring fries served in a cone-like holder.  For desert I had the crushed red velvet cake. It was good. I have had better but not bad enough for me to dock a star.  I recommend this restaurant to anyone that loves a great atmosphere, great staff, sexy waitresses in leather corsets, and great food. It was a great dining experience.
4	Quite pleasantly surprised with a vegas concept restaurant. Too often they are flash with no substance. Not the case with cathouse where the selections are inspired and well presented. We had the lamb curry and shrimp scampi. Good thing were sharing as it was hard to decide which to eat (it seems like the portions encourage sharing.) prices are very reasonable for what you get. The atmosphere seemed to be relegated to the waitresses wearing a corset, saw nothing of the advertised lingerie models. Didn't care too much, food was wonderful.
3	I hate to think of myself as "behind the times"... but I've never seen anything like what I saw at this restaurant/lounge before.  There was a glass case, about the size of a walk-in closet where a woman in lingerie was "grooming" herself i.e. brushing her hair etc...  I thought it was really weird at first but couldn't stop myself from watching!  The food was pretty good, I had the seared tuna, but it didn't come quite as the menu had described... it was mostly raw which I expected, but it wasn't specified on the menu and although this was fine with me, my boyfriend was not happy about it as he doesn't really like raw fish.  There were no capers anywhere on my plate and it was the second thing on the description of the meal!  For a fine dining restaurant this surprised me...  The drinks were overpriced but luckily we received two free drink tickets with our meal as we were walking around the hotel, so that made up for some of the disappointment.  I would not eat here again, but I would probably go again for a drink or two when it's later and I'm just feeling like watching an odd peep show while I enjoy a $15 cocktail!  ;)   (The cocktails by the way were wonderful, and worth the money)
3	Went here 8/23. This place was ok. Got in for free through the lines of people.  Some guy saw us when we came into the Luxor asked us if we wanted to go to a club we said yes were heading to LAX and he said it's close unless we want to stay in line and wait till Wednesday. lol!  So he said he can VIP us so we don't have to wait and get us in for free and cut us through the line. Hey if its free it's me right.LOL! Coming up on the stairs..vintage looking pictures in gold frames. There was a bar but no one was there. Kept going...and there's a club. This place was gay. Literally. I think he forgot to tell us a minor tiny detail. I had to ask my friend if their are men dancing with men or did I have to much to drink at the slots. Good thing there are places to sit right when you come in...red benches that wrap around the stage.I sat around the stage. It's free too just don't sit too close to the little round tables by it..those are reserved. If you want to go good looking people watching this is not the place. They're alright. Well the male strippers from where I was sitting (right under them) was a nice view...looking up on the stage. People where nice here. I just wished someone told us it was Closet sundays..which is open to straight people too. Dammit just tell us whats going on before. lol! But I think they threw us in to even out the crowd. Other people that came in looked confused too. LOL! Oh their faces. Brings me back to " if it's free it's me". Stayed for a couple of hours then went gambling. I still had a good time! Music was alright. That's why I gave it 3 1/2 stars. :)
3	Prrrrrrrr....I know that I can't have my cake and eat it too...so I got stuck with going to the club portion of the Cathouse & not the dining portion.Cathouse was the last mission for the night and even though I was ready to start a catfight after several hours of torture in the heels. I did start to feel this seduction that Cathouse had over me as I stepped in.Think of the 1930's era...Mae West...art deco...Amelia Earhart... but you're in a brothel. Classy X-rated I would say. Interesting & original unlike any restaurants' ambiance...I just wish to go through the dining experienceI've got to hand it to this place when it turns into a club... for it's bumpin' music (hip-hop, r&b, some 80s rock) and strong vibe...a vibe strong enough to get me into the platform raising the roof in the middle of the dance floorHowever, towards the end of the night the place transformed into Club NV(SF)...in other words, G-h-e-t-t-o...so I climbed back down from the platform after that awakeningOverall, this is a great place to get your groove on but the excitement & awe that you feel wears off over time. I suggest that this should be the first spot to get a drink and head on over to the bigger venues like Tryst or XS to party rick james styleGive it to me baby...
3	After wanting to try this place for dinner for awhile, I have to say I'm disappointed.  I went for dinner for Restaurant Week, and while the food was good, it wasn't amazing like the meal I had at Fiamma.  Even worse, the service was just awful.We were first greeted at our table by someone who was clearly on their first night and could barely remember the script she was given.  When we were ready for our next course or the check, there was nobody to be seen.  It's like we were invisible.If it hadn't been for the great ambiance, I would probably be giving this place only 2 stars.  But the dining room is very unique, and is the only unusual dining experience I can think of off the top of my head other than Switch.  There was a live model behind a window pretending to get ready for her shift at the brothel, and the waitresses were walking around in lingerie.If you're staying at the Luxor or are in town for a bachelor party, give this place a shot.  But if you're looking for your dollar to be better spent on amazing food, go elsewhere.
4	I had a BLAST... My first night in Las Vegas for my 25th!!! A girlfriend was able to get us the guestlist- a definite plus! The decor was really inviting. It was dim with the right amount of lighting where necessary. I liked how they had the lounge area open- we sat and had a drink there and then moved into the dance area. I liked how there were 2 floors up above the ground that you could dance on. One was surrounded with comfy couches... and the girls who worked there invited us to come on up- which we did! I also went to Pure the night after.... and CATHOUSE was definitely better! I didn't even hear much about this club prior to coming to Vegas, so word of mouth was how I found it! Come, DANCE, and gamble in their casino!
1	OK, so it was our first night in Vegas and we had no clue what we were doing. Someone asked us if we wanted free champagne so we said yes. Then we tried to get it.... uh.... not so easy. They keep the crowds outside to make it look desperately popular, then when you get inside there's one girl wearing a belt as a skirt and swinging her ass rather disinterestedly on a table. Then you get 10 minutes of the hour's free drinking for no explicable reason, when the trolls are still giving out freebies outside. Lies, damn lies, and a bunch of wannabe strippers (and a couple of real pole dancers who were, to be fair, pretty good). Not my scene. Maybe better for dinner.
2	don't bother!I don't even remember why we decided to come to this place. the crowd was horrible. the guys totally look like they were from the midwest, the girls were wearing grandma stockings.for drinks, stick with beer because the fruity drinks are just plain fruity with no alcohol!the only thing that kept me here was the music because the dj was decent. i wouldn't waste my money and time here, but if you get those free admission tickets and want to kill time, then go for it!
4	omg thank god the food was good cuz 3 days of bad food was gonna kill me!!! tuna tartare was pretty decent. fish tasted decently fresh. the shrimp had a great texture. spaghetti and meatballs hit the spot. and the cocktails were fabulous!!! no one had a bad dish, maybe ok, but not bad. then the dj from their lounge started playing music...holy shit! it was some hot ass hip hop. i mean none of this dancy dancy stuff. i was  sooo excited!!! totally was dancing at the dinner table, antsy to get my groove on on the dancefloor. popped into the lounge for a sec after dinner. the scene was arite. no one vegas pretty, u know? no one i'd wanna meet anyways! :P too bad. i would wait for a time when i can bring a group of my own friends to party with.
3	I visited both the restaurant and the club, so I'll review both. Let me start with the restaurant. Trust me, I'm more qualified on this one. As others have noted, the decor here is distinctive: dark, romantic, and very Vegas. This is the main reason I'd come back here. It's a very unique place with the dark paneling, the leather seating, and the beautiful waitresses and performers. It seems like a very Las Vegas Strip kind of place to be. Some of the food was excellent, while other items left a bit to be desired. We had a tuna tar tare which was tasty and the fondue dish which was not as good. We also had some lamb which was excellent--the best menu item we tried. I have had far better food in Vegas, but I don't think you actually come here for the food. It really is the decor, the idea of the place, and the sexy setting that makes it unique. I will say that the cocktails I had here were way too sweet--this was my main complaint. At a place like this the drinks should be perfectly balanced. I tried three different ones I think, and they all seemed too sugary. Next time I would opt for a bottle of wine or (dry) Champagne. After dinner, we headed down to the club. Since we had eaten dinner here, we got free admission and did not have to wait in line to get in. I'm not a big nightclub goer, but since we were already here we decided to give it a try. I should be honest here and note that I'm 33 years old, married (iow, I arrive with the person I plan to take home), and an English professor, all things that make me far too square to be the target demographic for places like these. That said, I really enjoyed this place from something of an ethnographic standpoint. I noticed that the girls in the club were really cute and nicely dressed. They also seemed a bit ... I don't know if shy is the right word, but it didn't look like the crowd I imagine inhabits The Bank or XS. If I were a single guy, this would seem like a prime place to meet some attractive women minus the Paris Hilton attitude. Later in the evening, the dudes started rolling in. These guys seemed like over-cologned douche bags who didn't really deserve the cute girls here. The influx of this element (it certainly seemed like the folks at the door were letting the girls in first and the guys in later) kind of made me want to leave, but it was interesting to watch the two groups mingle. Beyond this fascinating display, the dancing and the music was fun and the house dancers were excellent. Two dancers did short, sexy shows a couple of times throughout the night; they use silk curtains on raised platforms in the middle of the dance floor to do burlesque. And this may have been the highlight of the place. I've been to 40 Deuce and I have to say that these girls were just as good if not better. The shows here are shorter than those at 40 Deuce, though, and those are already really short. All told it was a fun night. I'd return to both the club and the restaurant--not because the food was off the charts or because the club was sublime, but because the whole bordello vibe is something I certainly can't get here in Baton Rouge, LA.
1	Went there last night (Sat.) after reading a lot about it. We just wen to the club / lounge area and not the restaurant. For Vegas locals, they charged a $20 cover each.  The decor is great and the place itself is nice, but the people are GHETTO. If you like fat chicks in short dresses, then this is the place for you. If you are into cankles, this is the place for you. Not a classy place at all.  We were very disappointed in this place. Also, the dancing girls (coquettes) were not very good looking either. We saw better looking dancers at The Party Pit in the Mandalay on the walk over to the Luxor.If ghetto is your thing, then you will be right at home, if not, then you want to avoid this place. Trust me.
3	ok, so someone had a bad dish (the ahi). but she didnt say anything until now! 3.5 for great cocktails and mostly good dishes!
5	Kicks ass! Talk about great atmosphere! This place rocks! The food was outstanding. We were looking for hot dinner spots for the weekend we found this place The Cathouse at the Luxor. We made reservations early in the day for that night. We showed up like 2 minutes before our reservations and they sat us immediately. The walk up the stairs is great. Very cool old pictures and decor. Our waitress was truly gorgeous! The place is so cool! The decor is dark leather and cool chandeliers, seats and outfits. They have a 3 course dinner thing that is perfect. Soup or salad, main course, and then dessert for less than $40.I ordered the Onion soup and Petite Fillet mignon. The soup was incredibly hot and delicious and the steak was Perfect! You couldn't have cooked it any better and the flavor was amazing, you could have cut it with a butter knife. Dessert was good. Overall the experience was great to excellent! Be sure to check it out on your next visit.Dino...)'(
5	I agree with Dean! This place is kick ass! It's not your average modern club vibe.  It seems like a lounge with an old school brothel feel the way the bathrooms are laid out in the club.  And the individual lounging booths are great for socializing with people in.  And the music was pretty decent for dancing to. Drinks are not ridiculously expensive as in some of the other clubs.  Wednesday nights they close at 6am. And we shut the place down. I really enjoy this place as a night club because it's a bit more laid back and not very pretentious and it's just a good place to go to have a good time.
3	The decor was great, as were the cocktails. However, the food itself was not up to the standards I'd expect for this type of place. We had a calamari apperitizer that was inedible, so we sent it back. I've never actually sent anything back before, so that is saying something. Our entrees were good, but not great. Overall, I like many others would likely return for the atmosphere and drinks, but not for a meal.
1	We wish we can give them half a star, but there isn't an option. We don't even know where to start, the bad service, disgusting tuna, horrible calamari, dark setting - we couldn't even see our food. The menu sounds amazing, but don't let it fool you, its leading you to a night of stomach pains for a hefty price. The bar was packed & slow with only ONE bartender working on a Saturday night. Do yourself a favor, save your money & go to the food court 20 ft away. YUK!
4	Cathouse is easily one of my top clubs in Vegas (after XS of course). I love the decor of the place-- think Burlesque, brothels, Pussycat Dolls. The place is filled with chandelliers and draped in red velvet (or so it seems in the dark). I love the performances they put out every now and then. Definitely a sexy vibe to this place. Dancing on the table tops at Cathouse definitely makes me feel sexier than any other club in Vegas! Not to mention Cathouse is not too crowded like other major clubs in Vegas. The night we went, we got a comp table and comp bottle of goose.. really can't complain about that!
4	This is definitely a hot spot.  Went on a Friday w/Nataha.  Logged onto the website and send an email to get on the guestlist-no cover.  They confirmed 2 days later.  Note that the dress code wasn't enforced. The crowd was diverse and in their 20-30's.PROS: great music.  Loved the burlesque-y dancers & the decor.  CONS: smoky, but then that may be par for the course in a LV club.  Natasha said there were too many hootchie mamas in super tight dresses (I know, how is that a CON?)  Mostly bottle service, but some limited seating if you arrive early.
4	This review is a 2-parter. First part is for the restaurant, which gets 4 stars...I loved the decor here. You are led through red patent leather doors, up a hallway that is filled with vintage pictures of ladies in lingerie. You end up in a very elegant restaurant, lots of chandeliers and brocade. It's dark and sexy. The waitresses here are awesomely outfitted in black patent leather corsets and look amazing. And there is a girl sitting in a glass box, putting on her makeup while wearing lingerie. She was in the box for approx. 5 minutes at a time, and by the third time, I was thinking "is she going to do anything else than put makeup on?" Apparently not, but it was still a novel idea, and kept us talking about it.The food was praised by all of my party, and is moderately priced. Great service, lovely atmosphere, I would definitely take friends here the next time I go to Vegas. Cathouse, the Nightclub gets 3 stars. It was my friend's birthday and we decided to go VIP. $300 for bottle service. We were actually the first ones let in, which was nice. The waitress was great, and she had the DJ give a shout out to our friend and brought free shots over. The only complaint I have about this VIP service is that yes, you get a table, but you share a couch with all of the other people who have VIP, and at many times during the night people were sitting in our area, because it's impossible to police one large couch. (If you are looking for a roped off area, this is not the place.) So we all didn't sit down at one point, because there wasn't any room. A little annoying, but we wanted to dance, so it was ok. Unfortunately, our $300 bottle of vodka was stolen from our table, which sucked, but we were ready to go at that point, so we didn't raise a stink. (One awesome thing was the guy who coordinated our VIP info, he was great. Very attentive and checked on us, remembered my boyfriends name, etc. Good attention to detail, and I'm sure if we brought the stolen bottle issue up to him he would have taken care of it.)  I really enjoyed the little burlesque shows that were put on, they were well done and the women were gorgeous. We were hoping for Top 40 music, but it turned out to be mostly hip hop. Lots of lovely ladies and quite a few sleazy dudes, but where in Vegas isn't? It wasn't really my crowd, but I had a good time nonetheless, we all got our groove on. :) Would definitely come here again for dinner, but probably not for the club.
4	Club Hopping in Vegas is a dangerous move!Why you ask?  Because you are not guarenteed anything unless you buy a table.  However, this particular Friday Night me and the boys were in luck.  On the way to club #2 We we're stopped by a promoter for The Cathouse.  The promoter decided to let us in.  (Whoa!)I was expecting the worst since this was a club willing to let three guys with no girls in the club FOR FREE....on a Saturday Night !.......FOR FREE!!!  The club was packed and turned up!  The DJ played good up to date hip hop music, and some old good songs as well. The bar offered good service.  The bouncers were not jerks.  The crowd was a multi culti group of 20 somethings with a splash of 30's.  The dance floor was small but my days of tearing up the dance floor is over any way.  I think this small club is definitely worth going to prior to the big club, heck, I could have stayed there all night.
2	We were lured in by some gentleman promoting this place. He got us in for free and we didnt have to wait in line so why not. When we got in, the decoration was great and the lounge area welcoming. We set foot in the dance room and it was all bad. Seriously, it smelled really bad that I had to run out of there in fear of throwing up. I didnt end up tossing my cookies BUT clearly the cigarette, marijuana, throw up smell that overtook the dance floor that night was extra ripe. Gross.
4	I rolled to Vegas on a whim last Sunday (that will be covered in another review entitled "how to lose money and have a damn good time in less than 30 hours...") After spending a pretty penny on craps lessons, we decided to venture into Cathouse. You can subvert the line with either great tits, quick wit, or a well placed $50 tucked into your hand any given night of the week. On a Monday eve, none of the above were absolutely needed, but I still cracked a joke about tits to the door guy...Great decor. Intelligent staff (with model looks) and a brothel vibe make it a fun diversion from the tables and slots that stuff the floor of the pyramid. (The Luxor Hotel and Casino, for the uniformed, is where Cathouse resides)
1	ok so we went to this club on a saturday after seeing that LAX was super crazy outside. Girls got in for free which was cool, the decor was pretty cool as well. However, we decided to get a tabl and bottle service since it was my sisters wedding night... ugh! The service was horrible. We told them what we dedicded on, and they brought us ice in cups right away.... and then we waited and waited and waited... for our bottle. They kept trying to conveince us to buy a $700 bottle which was out of the question... no, we told them what we wanted. We waited sum more. Finally got our bottle, they didnt even open it for us. just put it down on the table, not to mention all our ice was already melted. Then we had to wait sum more for our mixers (oj, cran and 7up). After our bottle was gone we asked for waters and they told us $45!! Are u serious? we just spent hella money for a bottle we coulda bought at the liquor store way cheaper!!! over all cool club but so not worth the bottle service. Dont waste your time!
4	Really cool place at Luxor Hotel. Casual, not pretentious, with a sexy vibe.Good music, good crowd, great place to meet more Vegas visitors... Earlier it's a restaurant and then becomes a lounge/ club. We had a great time here...
1	no more food @ cathouse... club only now.
4	Love this place. Execellent music, cool people and great service. I've been here a few times and have emjoyed myself each and everytime. Girls will sometimes get free drink tickets and there was no cover for us either. Highly recommend this place.
2	Let me start by saying that we did not eat here, we went to dance. We got to the club around 11pm on a Saturday night, the line was long and the cover was pretty reasonable. Our friends had a VIP booth so we got the hook up and had a good time, but it had nothing to do with the club itself. If you're okay with paying $15 for a well drink and you want to hear song clips (cut shorter than I've ever even heard in strip clubs), then this is the place to go! I'm not really sure why a DJ was even at the club, since the songs had already begun to be repeated within an hour. This place got old, really fast. And watch out, the dance floor has chairs and tables scattered about in the most random places, making it not so ideal for dancing. People are constantly tripping and spilling there drinks trying to avoid the obstacles. All in all, we made the best of it and had a good time, but I'll never be back here again. There are MUCH better clubs to check out in Vegas.
5	The atmosphere of this place was really well designed.  An ultra-themed restaurant,,, who would have thought.  I had the only blonde waitress that was there that night and I should have remembered her name however I forgot.. Stupid me.  She was awesome.  The food was great the staff was better.  I would definitely go back again.
2	Went for dinner and didn't stick around for the club scene.  The food was nothing special and very over priced.  You go to Vegas and expect to be charged higher than most places, but you also expect a higher quality product.  This place did not deliver.I will say the setup and atmosphere were pleasant, but that's where the compliments stop!
4	Came at night for the club...good music, sexy ambiance, lounge booths to hang out in, I LOVED the decor. I had a good time and really liked this place I would come back. Helps we were able to get in for free...
2	I went to the Cathouse before heading to LAX and must I say that this place falls insubstantial compared to the night clubs I've been to in Kansas! The theme was sultry and sexy with waitresses decked in fancy lingerie, the hallways were filled with antique portraits which gave off a Halloween-ish ambience. The best part of this place was getting in with no cover charge, I don't know if it was because we got in with a group of us girls or because it was after midnight. The music was okay, nothing I could really groove to. I had a vodka pineapple the cup size you get for free coffee at the doctor's office for $10. I was wondering why they'd charge so much but I remember the bartender using Absolut vodka in my drink...without my request. I wasn't sure if their automatic use of premium liquour was a Vegas thing, or a more exclusive thing...however, I paid $10 for a drink that didn't give me a buzz, so I wasn't very pleased, although pricing in that range is expected in Vegas! The setting was awkward, there was really no escape from creeps, which there were a few of! When I walk into a club, I usually like to scope the place out by walking around...it was hard to do with chairs and tables crowding an already small dancefloor area. All in all, the place is worth checking out for FREE..I wouldn't pay whatever their cover is to get in. Good thing, because I didn't stay for more than 20 minutes.
4	Loved the Cathouse! My two girlfriends and I got to pull one of those "only seen in movies" stunts and bypass the entire line, earning us lots and lots of angry glares and whispers. We didn't pay cover or for any of our drinks, either, so I can't really speak to the prices. We were treated to the full VIP experience, and had a wonderful time. Our DJ that night was great, and we even ran into some Cirque du Soleil performers & Mariah Carey dancers! We had a blast lounging around, dancing, and playing in the photo booth that's sort of hidden. The bathroom area is kind of like a maze, but it's still fun. It's a nice chill place that doesn't feel too hectic, and the dim lighting just adds to it. We stayed until closing time, 7am. I had a great time and will definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas. The little chaise lounge at the top of the steps is a blast - we took tons of photos on it!
5	I partied at Cat House in the Luxor VIP style, and had a great time.  The crowd was smaller than most clubs in Vegas, but that's what I loved!  I got a good look at everyone in the place, and left feeling like I'd danced with everyone worth dancing with.  I also liked that there were a bunch of elevated spots to jump up on and dance (in the middle of the club and along the VIP walls)!  The music was good and the drinks were strong.  I wouldn't go back without bottle service though, because it includes spacious seating area where you can lounge until you're ready to dance again.  AND you get a variety of mixers.TIP:  Save your money for drinks and try to get passes or escorted in by Chris Chris@FreeVegasClubPasses.com.
4	It was a nice place to check out before going to see Carrot Top.  We took advantage of the coupon that the hotel gave us and I had the strawberry blonde.  I wish I could of stayed and had 10 more of them.  The hubby and I had these awesome mac cheezy balls....ohhh soo great!  It's a place that makes you go meow since it's dimmed inside and the decor was funky.   We got to chit chat with the awesome bartenders a little bit since it wasn't a lot of people in there.  We will definitely go back there if we hit up Vegas again.
4	SO MUCH FUN!!!!! unfortunately, it was the 2nd club i went too so i was kind of pooped. The music was great, it wasnt too packed, it was small, but it was sooo muh fun!!i wish it was the first ckub i went too! i wouldve stayed here the whole night! and it was free so bonus points!
4	I absolutely love this club!  Not only did my girlfriends, guy friends, and myself get in for free and got to skip the line, BUT all my girls got FREE bottomless champagne (and not that crappy kind either) all night long! They played good music, I found myself dancing, singing, and partying to every single song.  They didn't just play top 40s, but also some oldies but goodies as well.  The venue was very vintage and beautiful, it was smaller than the other clubs I have gone to in vegas, but I have to say it was just the right size.If you are looking for a place to dance, definitely go here!I subtracted a star because the girl bartenders were rude and not very friendly at all even after all the tips and drinks we ordered.  On top of that, drinks were about 15 dollars a piece and were served in small flimsy plastic cups and the drinks were mostly ice.Other than that, the club itself, is great! and did i mention that the upstairs area is a hookah lounge? How fabulous is that? We weren't able to try it out, but the next time I am back in Las Vegas, I will definitely have to check it out.
5	I have only been here once but let me say it was one of the best times EVER! The whole place is sooo sexy and cool. Love the girls dancing in such amazing outfits..loved the free bubbly even more!I drank so much I ended up dancing on a table with some girl..the hubby loved that!I need to get back again because I had so much flippin fun!!
3	I've been to all the major clubs and have my favorites. I stayed at Luxor with friends and we decided we didn't want to deal with the chaos of taxis, lines, fees, etc. and made our way downstairs to Cathouse to try it out. It ended up being so much fun. Something about small clubs is appealing to me, but more so it's the crowd as well. The theme/design of the club is cute and although the main room is small, it's super fun. I use to go to this club at the Tempest in L.A and for some reason it was the best fun because of the small dance floor and stage and the tons of fun people just sweating and dancing and having fun in a dim lit room. I can't explain it.  It's definitely a good chill club to go to where you don't have to worry about a long wait, asshole bouncers, fighting for bar service etc.
3	The service was great but I must of went on the wrong night, because even thou the club was packed it was WACK. I'll give them another chance next time I go to Vegas.
5	Free entrance,  free champagne all night for ladies,huka section, dance section, and 2 bars. The rooms are dark and sexy. What more could you ask for?  Enough said.HOWEVER, 2 well drinks=$26 bucks. ouch!
2	Not very happening. Our VIP hostess was nice, and Laura, the Hookah girl is off the hook. This is the place where hoodrats go when they get old. I had fun dancing with that one girl... AND HER MOM.
4	This place is awesome, has great music and awesome decor.  From the moment you walk into CATHOUSE you can hear the music going strong.   The decor is awesome, it has the vibe of an old burlesque house.  They have pictures of women with their granny underwear.  I've never tried hookah but they had a hookah section that you could reserve.  The only draw back to this place was two things. #1.  DRINKS are expensive so please get wasted before you come here. #2  FLOOR WAS STICKY LIKE GLUE.  I weigh a bit so there was more weight being put into the floor so be prepared to put a little more strength into your moves when you dance there.  The music I can't complain.  They were rocking Bon Jovi, Vanilla Ice, Usher, and also LMFAO.  And yes I am that old to remember Bon Jovi.
3	I came here on a thrusday night.  The place does have good decore and it is pretty cute when you walk in with pictures.  The music was okay.  If you don't smoke then you might not like it as much.  They have Hookah everywhere and you can reserve a table to smoke it.  I am not into smoking so it was not really cool to me.  I like dancing and there is not much of a dance floor so I left as soon as I got in.  Not my thing.  But if you would like to go and check it out.  Sometimes there are people handing out free VIP entry passes, so walk around and look or those people before you decide to go in and pay.
2	wow must i say dat we went saturday night maybe cuz its october it was dead but never again..........
4	I went here for a business dinner a couple month ago and the ambiance and decor is probably one of my favorites in Vegas. Plus the service was suprisingly very good.  Don't expect large portion but, do expect creative beautiful plating with this Kerry Simon menu. Yes drinks were a little expensive and for a place that has a lot of locals events I wish they had more locals pricing.
4	This review is not about the food but the slamming ultra lounge that is The Cathouse.If you like house music in a less crowded atmosphere where you can actually socialize with people, this is the lounge for you.Drinks are very fairly priced.  Hostesses are very professional delivering incredible service (yeah they are also hot but this is not one of those clubs).Make some local friends and get in without cover.Check the Luxor website before you head out to the lounge.  There are different themes during the week including a hip-hop and an "alternative lifestyle" night.
3	The Cathouse sucks the big one if you are looking to dine there.   4 star prices with cafe-level food.   I foolish paid $22 for a $6 spaghetti dinner there.   My buddy foolish spend $23 for a $7 dollar burgerThe lounge area is pretty cool to chill in.   Drinks are on the pricey side.   There's a reason why you will be accosted inside the casino by a Luxor employee giving out free passes to the Cathouse
2	Like most casino clubs, walk around looking good and someone will come up to you and ask you to fill their establishments.  We got suckered into this place after watching Criss Angel, see my Yelp! review on that.  A nice gentleman in a black suit approached us and asked if we'd check out the club.  He skipped us past the lines and velvet ropes, no clue if there was an entrance fee, and just moseyed on up the spiral staircase (take the elevator to the second floor, if you're lazy).Once atop, you are greeted by what I call a Cleopatra-esque chase.  It's got a spotlight on it and just screams "Come!  Take a cheesey Vegas club picture on me."  Afterwhich, there are two rooms with a long bar in each.  You have to go through the first room to enter the second.  The earlier of which is slightly more subdue and... well, empty.  The second room holds the louder crowd with it's stages for bolder females to dance on and blaring Top 40 pop remixes and "oldie-but-goodie" club mixes, which if you stay long enough, you'd hear several songs repeated.We found, what we thought was a little gem to this place.  There was a photobooth in an almost hidden niche. .. but, seriously, $10?!  One of my companions  just pulled out their camera and started shooting, did some photo editing when we got home, and wa-lah! our own version (in the same booth, I might add... LOL!)Anyhow, the fact that we didn't pay for anything (to queue or entrance) was somewhat redeeming.  Otherwise, I'd say that I'd go elsewhere for the true Vegas club life experience.Attire: Semi-Casual
1	Went there on a thursday... I was surprised it was so lame. there were a few ppl there but no one was dancing... the music sucked. We went around 11 and stayed for like a half hour and left.
3	Cathouse was decent I went here with my girls late one night, probably on a Sat night, we got in free had a few drinks and danced till they stopped playing good music then it was time to go. It's not very big, but it's not crowded like the usual clubs. I would go back again. :)
1	So very sad. Maybe an off night, but once we got in, GAWD was it DEAD. The DJ was even yawing! There were several groups and all were just sitting very board and staring off into space. Once in, it took a few minutes to be asked if we wanted a drink, which by the way, @ the table is a 3 drink min. per person. Not that big adeal if its worth it. This place is so not worth it. Again, may have been an off night. Poorly spun house with a dead crowd (at 11:30 pm) You be the judge.
1	This club likes to scam people into luring them in with the idea of free admission and bottle service. Free bottle service is only from a certain time period, despite the fact that they advertise it long after those hours have finished. Even though ladies did get in for free, all men even if they bring 10 ladies will have to pay the cover charge of 30$. Once inside, the "ladies night" special they advertise of free vodka drinks also lures women inside until they get to the bar and realize that there aren't free drinks and a cocktail is like 15$. The intoxicated male species partake in their mating calls and dances in hopes of preying on young naive ladies. To sum it up, not the best club to go to in Vegas.
4	If you like seeing waitresses in tight red corsets and garters come before 11pm, or else they'll disappear before you show up.The hookah bar interested me for about 10 seconds until we walked into the other room and stayed the rest of the night.Mixed drinks were $12 each, and a Jack on the Rocks was $14.Got in free with a pass from the welcome package if you stayed at the hotel.Not the best club in LV but i guess if you don't want to leave the hotel its good enough.
4	Cathouse was one of the better times I had while in Vegas. DJ played a good mix while I was there and the crowd was good. Several cougars were spread throughout the club looking for drunken prey the night I was there. Bartenders were extremely nice and helped us have a great time while I was there.
4	Fabulous decor, beautiful bartender. This place is on and poppin after 10 pm so get there early and have a drink and/or some appetizers!
4	I quite enjoyed this place when my best friend and I took our little trip to Vegas! We stayed in the Luxor so this felt like a natural place to try out for dinner. I had the mushroom ravioli, some tasty berry drink, and we split the red velvet cupcakes with the honeycomb. YUM!I thought the interior was nicely done. I enjoyed all the old pictures coming up the stairs, and the velvet banquet we sat at with all the vivid red walls.We also got free admission from someone handing them out in the casino so we hit this club up after we went to LAX. I had a good time, closed it out till 4 am ish, shook it on the platform. All in all a good time was had, and I would go back!
3	This is a small lil place inside the Luxor, it's always crowded and there's never really enough room to move around or dance even.  Not that the DJs any good... The only thing I did like was the red couch on the 2nd floor at the top of the staircase.. perfect place to catch a Kodak moment!  LOL... So take sip and a flic and keep on movin to the next spot...
4	This review is strictly on the Cathouse Nightclub-So I have been to all the Tier 1 clubs, why in the world would I stop by the Cathouse out of no where on a Friday night when XS is so damn popping. Well deals like B1G1 are definitely music to my ears when XS requires a 3 bottle minimum to get anywhere decent. Since I knew my boy Darryll from waaaay back when, a true OG Army of Drinker member, he was able to hook it up with a table next to the dance floor. We originally planned on going to XS on a Friday, since it is THE spot to be. However everyone was leaving on a Friday after work, so the possibilities of traffic could easily put a damper on our plans. XS being the hottest club accepts no excuses for tardiness. If you are a minute late, they will be more then happy to give your reservation away to the next person who is willing to buy an extra bottle! Not that I hate XS, its just the reality of things. So after all said and done, we did not get out of our hotel room until 11pm ish.  We ran into issues like getting lost in the corridors of Ceasars Palace. Waiting on someone asking "Does Ceasar actually live here?" at the receptionist and then holding up the line. Then roommates not wanting to tip the bellhop $5 and making everyone lug 50+lbs of luggage. Shit like that just puts you behind. Oh the ironing board broke too..so we had to find creative ways to get our shit straight. Either ways finally we got to Luxor at 11:30PM. My boy Darryll clinging tight like a warrior stuck it out and waited for me. We walked up, Ariel and Natalie were being super troopers waited it out for us for 2 + hours?? wtf.. Girls that wait on guys are freaking awesome.Anyway we got in there.  Fist bumped Darryll, handed him my CC/ID and we were all rolling in like a boss and ready to clean the place out like the hazmat team. Sure enough Darryll still managed to keep my DJ table. The place was packed to the MAX. The music was popping. So we proceeded to get CRUNK with our cheap ass bottle deal. We were just dumping cups left and right with half vodka, half mixer. Yea we can roll hard. NO ice bitches.This was the perfect way to kick off a trip. No pressure, no need to worry. Cathouse delivers a worry free bottle service environment. So the moral of the story is: if you want a night where you just want to get fucked up like a boss and on the cheap, Cathouse MORE then delivers. Believe or not, the girls there are actually half decent. Sebastian Angel was talking to about 20 of them. If you want a debauchery night, holler at my boy: Darryll DiPietro Mr. Las Vegas himself for the deals. You will get taken care of. Hell, pre-club here before your actual club! Its worth it!
4	The decor in this place is sweet! More lounge than club (on the night I went). Definitely a cool spot to smoke some hookah and have some drinks and vibe to the music. Security was super nice to me and the people were very cool. If you go, order the Tiger Woods drink...yum! I would love to check this place out again, I really enjoyed the atmosphere.
1	Doohan's is a bar located within a boutique nightclub called the Cathouse. Once you manage to figure that out, be forewarned that this establishment has a serious identity crisis. There are tvs everywhere broadcasting sports games, drinks named after athletes and pub-style grub. The print, tv and web marketing conveys a casual, atmosphere - a good place to pop in for a beer and a bite before heading out for the night. Meanwhile, you arrive and feel like you're sitting in the middle of the Moulin Rouge, surrounded by black vinyl, tufted wall coverings, velvet booths, granite tables, black chandeliers for mood lighting... it's like drinking in a hooker's boudoir.The place was dead when we arrived; just two other tables were occupied, and we all shared one waitress. I thought, okay, maybe it's just early? At least we'll have good service since the waitress isn't busy... We told the manager and the waitress up front that four people in the group had purchased a deal for food and beverage credit online and intended to use them that night, two at each table. "Sure, no problem!" from the manager. The waitress had no idea what we were talking about and excused herself to speak with the manager about it. She came back and told us that the credit could only be used by the person who purchased it (which was not indicated on the deal - in fact, it said that up to two vouchers could be used for one table, as long as food was ordered). The rest of the table would pay for their own food and drinks. Since we all planned to pitch in, the group decides that it will all come out in the wash and why make a huff? Service started off okay and then quickly went downhill. We order a round of drinks that came out in a timely fashion, then ordered some apps - mostly chicken and fries, since they ran out of what I wanted. The apps were nothing special. In fact, they looked like they came from Friendly's, and were even served in the typical plastic basket and wax paper you'd get. A few of us order tobacco for the hookah and another round of drinks. It's taking forever so we tell her to cancel the order and that we want to settle up to go somewhere else, and she says she will try but they "might not be able to cancel since they may have already mixed the tobacco for us." Next thing you know, the order comes out so we smoke, finish our drinks and we're still waiting for the bill. The tables that were there when we arrived had left and a few more had come in, but there was no rush. Our waitress just disappeared. When we finally see her, I reminded her that we wanted to settle up and she says she needs to process our vouchers with the manager. Isn't that why we gave her the voucher numbers when we first arrived? Apparently, she misplaced them. So we wait...and wait... and continue to wait. Members of our group are standing up to signal we are ready to go and clearly annoyed. She finally comes back with 8 separate bills! Everyone paid in cash except me - another mistake. I tell my friends to go on without me while I wait for her to run my credit card. I physically walked it over to her while she was standing at the computer. And my wait continued. She finally returns my credit card, explaining that it "didn't go through when she ran it" (I had no problems at any other location I used it that weekend). You can bet that no one in the group left additional gratuity over what was included on the bill. In total, our visit to Doohan's for 2 rounds of drinks, some apps and hookah took about 2.5 hours.Note the the management: If you're running a deal online, make sure that you and your staff are educated about the fine print, and that you are prepared to actually process the deals when people want to redeem them.Don't get me wrong, if my friends and I had gone with the intention of going to an intimate nightclub, I might have enjoyed the Cathouse. I really loved the decor and could totally could have seen myself going back to check out the nightclub. But after our experience at Doohan's, I wouldn't consider going back. There are so many other clubs and bars in Las Vegas that will give you prompt service. While our group can usually make the best out of any situation, the service was simply unacceptable. Our visit to Doohan's put a complete damper on our last night in Las Vegas and I really regret that we ever stepped foot in the place.
1	We visited this lounge/bar after being on their guest list for free entry on a Sunday night.  We didnt realize it was a hookah bar and was already frustrated with the smell of smoke all over Vegas. The music was whack and so was the crowd. We stayed about 10 minutes after taking a few pics on the cute little red chair you see right before you enter the bar, This definitely wasnt  our type of spot.
4	I actually, really enjoyed this place when I went (it was a year or 2 ago, so it may have changed some since I was there...)It was a cool burlesque-y nightclub, with comfy seating, lots of hallways and rooms, multiple bars, large dance floors, and elevated dance floors (for the sluts or strippers... Or both...).Drinks were shit, and expensive, but to me, that's expected in VegasI usually don't dance, but the girl I was talking to was cute enough, and I was drunk enough, to let the music take control - Where I'm sure I made myself the drunken fool, but whatever... I had a good time until a buddy suddenly had to leave... Apparently he needed to run, far far, away from this club - but that's a story for another day.
4	Cute lounge! Chill vibe with good music. Not a club, at least not on the night I went there. Be sure to try the hookah, it is after all a hookah lounge.As for the drinks, I had the Tiger Woods... hmmm you think they call it the Tiger Woods because you feel you've been beaten repeatedly with a golf club or because too many of these and someone is sure to get a hole in one? This drink is strong!... but tasty which is a deadly combo. If you're looking for one of those nights be sure to go with the double, it just makes more sense.
4	Went here last Sat night on the advice of Chris Hornack, who is a vegas promoter ( look him up by the way, he's real, and he comes through for sure)Anyway, I was with another couple, and a male friend of mine.My wife and I were first in, and I immediately thought I may have inadvertently booked us a night at a strip club and panicked ( my friends wife isn't into that).It took me about 15 minutes to realize it's not a strip club ( phew )But who can blame me, it's looks like a legit brothel!Anyway, we had an all you can drink deal, but be warned. It's well drinks only. So, if you're not picky about what you drink, get that deal. Also, there's only 1 beer to chose from for that deal. So beer drinkers unite! All you can drink beer is probably 1 of the best things ever.The Captain Morgan girls were here that night handing out free shots (which were more like full size cap'n and coke drinks, so that helped.)The music was great, and it's a real laid back atmosphere until the red room opened about 10:00. Then the place exploded with people. Mostly hot women. The club portion of the place was packed, with loud good current dance music. The waitress girl wearing the plaid miniskirt on Friday ( you know who you are) was killin me! But in a good way. She was freakin smokin hot.The bartenders are good as well.Great place to visit. I've never seen any other club with a decor like this place. Was a nice change. Definitely going back there next year when I go back to Vegas.Thanks again Chris!
1	Well, the Cat House is filled with C U NEXT TUESDAY's and the Drinks taste like Cat Piss.We found our selve's at Cat House on a Saturday night- not wanting to Venture far from our room, we decided to try it out. We were informed at the door that it was a $20 dollar Cover, $50 All you can drink option (including cover). We get to the bar, place our orders and they bartender says "Those arent included on the all you can drink price" after the drinks are poured. She then demands Payment and says (with a extremely high pitched, annoying, c*nty voice- " Do you go to the store and not show the coupons before you order? You got to tell me you want to use the al you can drink first- and alls it includes is one beer, and vodka with mixers".... Okay we pay for the drinks- 15 dollars for a Long Island ICE tea, and 14 for Redbull and Vodka. The LI TEA was terrible  and you cant mess up a redbull and vodka too bad... We then move on to the all Inclusive drink- well, they should nick name the place cat piss- because the drink was not even slightly drinkable (4/5 In our group refused to take more than a sip. One of the people actually threw up as soon as the drink touched his mouth.) Yeah. This place can take it deep- perhaps thats the only thing the annoying and nasty bartender could do- Its suggested to keep her from speaking with her annoying voice. Wish i had her name.
4	It was crowded but not bad at all. The they stayed true to theme as the name implies. They had a dance cage and the drinks were reasonably priced. They also had wall to wall seating which was really nice.  I suggest a look-see.
2	Ew, this place was so ghetto.The decor was so dark & dirty looking, did not like it at all. It looked more like a hooka lounge than an actual night club.The music was not cracking & the crowd too. Bleh.We stayed here for a good 30 mins & headed over to LAX.Over it, never going back in here EVER.
1	Came here before a show and found the place to be horrible. The pool table was disgusting, the service was non existent, and the speakers were rattling. I would pass on this whole experience and go somewhere else.
5	I loved this place. The music was awesome (man that DJ was GOOD), the crowd was moving, and the staff was the friendliest I've encountered in Las Vegas. We reserved a table here for Saturday night and couldn't have asked for a better time. I made my reservation via FreeVegaspasses.com. The club was crowded but there was still enough space to dance. I mean it looked like everyone was having a good time. The decor is sexy and slick. Unfortunately, we had to leave a little early  because our friend had too much to drink but even when they were kicking us out their staff was gracious and apologetic. Definitely not the typical bouncer attitude in Vegas. If you're looking for an Ultra Lounge where you can dance the night away, The Cathouse is the place to go.
5	This is for the New Years Event...  After reading the reviews I mad mixed thoughts about the place. I have to say it was wroth every penny. The open bar was top shelf the crowd was a good mixed of people the bartenders did a awesome job making the drinks fast... Common It was open bar. The venue it's self was great theme and decent size. Music had variety and kept the crowd going into the AM. If your looking for a alternative to a club I recommend this lounge it's Vegas at its best. I will be back. Thanks Cathouse for New Years I will never forget!
4	A couple of trips to Vegas ago, I ate dinner at Cathouse before going out for the night. Our goal was not a gourmet meal. However, the food was way better than we expected. Almost everyone very much enjoyed their meal. If they still have them on the menu, try the spicy meatballs. They are to die for.
4	My wife and I went here during our honeymoon.. I have to admit, it was a pretty nice little place.  While the club itself is rather small, even compared to clubs in Seattle which are notoriously small... It was a good atmosphere.  The only thing I hate and this is pretty much with any Las Vegas Club, I guess, is the fact that you cannot sit down unless you spend an ungodly amount on bottle service... Aside from that, we had alot of fun.  The bartenders are very friendly, very quick and serve up some killer drinks.  I tipped the bartender big time at the end of the night because I was so impressed with his service.   The dance floor is small but very usable.. the Music was pretty decent and enjoyable to dance to.   I think the one thing that stood out the most was the decor.  The decor there was vintage style Burlesque period and was very cool.I rated it 4 stars because its a place that I would like to return to and thought it was very good.  It didn't get 5 stars because the bouncers are rude.
1	Went to The Cathouse with girlfriends over St. Patty's Day.  We really weren't impressed.  The decor was cool, but the staff wasn't very friendly and we got treated like meat by most of the men that worked there.  Out of all the places we went on our trip, we refused to go back to the Cathouse.
2	The MGM group is pretty stingy. I stay at the hotel, spend lots of money at the casino, have M Life membership, and they still hit me up for $10 to get into the Cathouse.  I get up there and there are only about 20 people there. It wasn't a terrible place, but come on guys $10 for that really? There are lots of better bars/clubs around with no cover.
2	This is a review for Doohans. During the day Cathouse is called Doohans. Offering specialty cocktails named after celebrities like Lawrence Taylor and Tiger Woods, hookah service, and very limited food, this place doesn't offer a lot.We ordered the Patron Habenaro Wings and the Fish and Chips. The wings were not good. The fish and chips had two small pieces of fish reminiscent of Long John Silvers, but not quite as good. I'd like to add that ketchup may be an appropriate  condiment to fish around the 13th century, but us modern folk prefer tartar sauce, thanks.The one redeemable thing about this place is their bartender, Sam. She's very personable and I'll go ahead and add very attractive. Sadly, I won't be returning. As much I did  enjoy the service, it alone can't make up for the many flaws that Doohan's has.
1	This place is lame, overpriced, and not worth the stop! $12 bucks for a vodka/soda??? Puhlease! I know u pay more being on the strip but geez, give me something worth my time and $$$$.  Young girls, and I'm talking 21 yr olds, inexperienced boys, no real dress code and the layout sucks!! Never going back ever!!! Rude staff!
4	Surprising good time here, cheap bottle service, cool security, chill crowd! Was dark, red, gothic bordello themed, it would make a great afterhours spot! The DJ last Saturday was killing it with old school hip-hop, top 40, and mainstream house blended in just right so our group never sat down! I'm honestly trying to figure out who he was
5	A hidden secret in Vegas I think.  I never been here because there's all these other clubs like XS, Encore, Marquee, etc. that you hear about, so as expected, 99% of the people wants to go check out those clubs.  But, if you don't wait in the long line and simply wanna have a good time with your friends, this place is for you. The music here is great! It's all the songs that you can dance to, so there's not a second tha you wanna be away from the dance floor!I would suggest you check it out he if you haven't had a chance to!
3	Cathouse is one of those places that is really a lounge but tries really hard to a club.The whole idea behind Cathouse is pretty nifty. Its modeled after one of the old-fashioned bordellos with a slight 1920s flappers feel. The place is decorated with black-white photographs of the roaring 20s, along with gogo dancers wearing big feathery head pieces. You have to walk up a flight of stairs to arrive at the club/lounge itself. One of the cool things is the fact they have a huge red chaise placed there obviously for picture taking. Why this vintage-eque places is at the Egyptian themed Luxor is beyond on me.While the concept is cool, Cathouse kinda of fails on it's execution. The place is pretty small. With only two main rooms with a dance floor the place seems very cramped. The drinks themselves are about what more of the big clubs charge on the strip ($10-$20 range). And the crowd is also a bit older. Thankfully the place rarely has lines, and if you know a promoter or can find passes strewn about the Luxor you will get in for free.The only issue I have with the place really is its size. Its about a quarter of the size that is should be and the ceilings are only inches above my head. Coupled with the fact that drinks are not cheap at all really makes me only want to go if other people are desperate to be there. Its not really a place I would ever suggest checking out. However, I will say that the decor and idea behind makes up for it. The place is decent, but there are way better places in vegas.
5	Meeeeee- FUCKING- OWWWWWWW!I was honestly a little apprehensive when I knew where the Yelp Party was being held, the Luxor? Um, okay. It's gorgeous and all but nightlife? Really?Oh HELL TO THE YEAH! It was awwwwweeeeessoooommmmme! I loooooved the decor, loved the staff and the drinks and overall, this is totally as hot as it sounds.The bartender, Sam was my favorite. She was awesome to extent of making me a bit flushed... was it the drinks or her outfit? I'll never know and don't need to.The staff were really really nice as well, the waitresses are... welll... really hot. It's true, I was pretty happy to see them bringing trays around and not because of the food.I'll be back, oh, yeah, baby. I'll be back.
4	I enjoy Cathouse for its easygoing, laid back qualities.  Don't get me wrong, you can definitely get wild and free (and we have!), but to me it just seems to have a different feel - in a good way!Each time we've been, we've had a table.  The servers and wait staff are always so nice.  The bouncers and door staff are always pretty cool and reasonable as well.  Ladies will usually be able to get in for free, at least that's what I've experienced and been told by others.If you're looking for the hottest, most happening club scene that's busy and bustling, just know that Cathouse sometimes doesn't get "club-crazy packed"...which is something I enjoy about it.  I mean, don't imagine crickets echoing off an empty dance floor by any means, but don't be surprised or deterred if you don't see a crazy long line to get in.The music has a hip hop/top 40 feel to it, which is always fun.  The vibe from the people is carefree and fun.  I've had A TON of fun here on a couple separate occasions!
5	Came here for an event and what a fun place!The club was closed down for the night to accommodate our very large group. We were offered 7 different alcoholic bevs to try and I have to admit I had to stop after trying 4 of them. YOWZERS, the drinks were SUPER STRONG!!!!!All the bartenders I encountered were really nice and friendly. There was cute Asian bartender that worked in the back bar - HUBBA HUBBA! I gave him a nice tip after ordering 4 drinks ;) OH HAI CUTE ASIAN BARTENDER!!!Such a spacious club. You go upstairs to access the venue. There are 2 rooms, lots of lounging areas and 2 bars. The DJ in the main room was playing really good music and the dance floor was packed! So much fun!!!! I hope on a regular night it's just as much fun. If so, I'd def come back!
2	I went to CatHouse when I was in Vegas for my bachelorette party with some of my girl friends. We had just gone to see Thunder from Down Under, and a promoter gave us wrist bands to get in and receive a free drink. So after the show, we moseyed on over to CatHouse. First thing we noticed, it was empty. We walked to the bar and had no problem getting our free glass of champagne and finding a place to sit. Another thing I noticed, was the quality of people in the place was....a little off. While we were waiting at the bar, some random creep came up to one of my friends and started touching her face. We had never seen or talked to him before in our lives. The bartender just shook her finger at him and said, "No" like he was a dog. Then a guy comes up to me and got on his hands and knees begging me to dance....um nobody else was dancing.Also, the vibe of the place was a little strange. There were pool tables, televisions....how is that a club? When we checked in on Yelp we got a free vodka cocktail, but even that was not enough to keep us there for longer than drinking the champagne.One positive was that the decor is really nice. It just didn't seem to match the TVs and pool tables, etc. Overall, feel free to skip this place.
5	This place is so fun and the drinks r sooo good i dont remember much of the night but dancing and drinking lol the staff was awesone and the dj was really really good
5	Love love love this place! Hookah and cocktails! I can't remeber the whole night I was here, but from what i do, it was awesome! Chill, easy and groovey. I went there this one other night and I didn't like it because it got alittle bit to Mexicaney in there. Cowboy hats and Tejano music....lame. I think that was a wednesday.
3	This is my second visit to the cathouse, and it's still OK.I have been to a lot of vegas clubs and done a lot of the VIP experiences, and I just feel like they could kick it up a notch.The club itself is nice, small, but I like the decor. The music is your typical top 40. And the crowd id ok, its all the people definitely trying to avoid the club scene in the mega clubs on the strip. My beef is with the table service. We had a large group, about 25 of us, and they were willing to accommodate us. We paid 4k, which was a reasonable price. Not once did our waitress say hello to any one of us. NOT ONCE. Hows that for service? With the competition of the other hotels, and their clubs and pools, you gotta up your game. Cause elsewhere, they make you feel like a king. (And no, I am not implying they need to kiss ass, but for 4k, come on, you can be a little friendly!)
1	Came here in April 2012. This is a weak club!  That's all.
1	Skip this! It's not worth it! My friends and I wanted to go clubbing the first night we came to Las Vegas. We originally wanted to go to LAX because we were able to get coupons for the whole group for $5 entry per person. On our way there, we were stopped by a promoter trying to entice us into going to Cathouse. He was able to get our whole group in for free (7 people, 5 guys, 2 girls) and we found out why it was for free the moment we walked in. It was completely dead. -_-... ridiculous! the music was playing extra loud even though there wasn't many people in there to begin with. Even though it picked up a little bit. The drinks there was the only plus to this place. It was fairly cheap in comparison to all the drinks in Las Vegas and the bartenders there actually made the drinks really well! Props to the female bartenders, sadly, the drinks were the only thing that kept us in the place.
3	I'm not a big "club" girl, so keep that in mind reading my review. The club is small, I loved the decor and all of the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. We even got a free well drink for checking in on Yelp, not sure if they still have that deal but it's worth a look. Their specialty drinks are yummy if your not afraid to spend the cash. We luckily got in free, I otherwise won't go to a club if there is an admission charge, especially for locals.There are two separate rooms that you can hang out or dance in, I wasn't impressed with the music that was played. The dance floor can get crowded. I wasn't really feeling the crowd that showed up either. But I often feel that way in clubs. It was fun for a night out. I'm always up to try a new place but I doubt I'll return.
5	CatHouse is a Convergence of Elegance, Style, Taste and Pizzazz in Full Effect!SITREPWhen you step into the CatHouse, it is at once reminiscent of the swanky & stylish old classic speakeasies in New York, Chicago and San Francisco during the Prohibition Era.  But the CatHouse's historical antecedents go back even further to the 19th century "old school" Western Frontier Saloons & Brothels in places such as the old territories of Texas and Arizona, including Tombstone.THE SETUPWhether to come for a special event or to enjoy a regular good time, The Cat House is worth the stop to celebrate fun and good times.LE ROOMSWhen I was with my party, we were actually given access to several very large rooms - with 2 full-on dance floors arcing out from the main bar-hub like spokes on an old wagon wheel.  This setup permitted a lot of intimate crowd-gatherings in different booth areas and table areas and V.I.P. enclaves.  THE MUSIC!  We were treated to outstanding DJs, and I have to admit that the format of DJ Silence in the right-side dance area always kept us dancing to a wide-range of tracks, including great remixes of some of our favorite 80s tunes.Special shout out to my main man Frankie Castro who does a dead-on tribute to the King himself, Mr. Elvis Presley.  Frankie added a lot of class and sass to the night's affair and it can not go unsaid that many a young lass just swooned at the opportunity to have their picture taken (and dare I say, hand kissed?) by this gentleman White Knight of the "Music Royale".SPECTACULAR DRINKS!From your basic mixed drinks like Rum & Cokes, to more exotic Mai Tais, the CatHouse did an incredible job of keeping us refreshed, and hats off to the lovely ladies of CatHouse who kept us supplied with their diligent attentiveness to all of patrons.  What was wonderful about the drink and food set-up is that the gallant gentlemen and lovely hostesses at Cat House actually BROUGHT the drinks and food around on trays to our tables for us to enjoy!  You talk about service, there energies in pleasing our whims were incredible!THE LOWDOWNThe Cat House is truly a top-notch experience for anyone to enjoy!  I wish I could do this every night!  (Seriously!)
2	There was a long freaking line luck i was on the club crawl! I was not impressed definitely been to better clubs the music was not really my scene.. Maybe it got better as the night went on..
4	3.5 stars.I wasn't looking to go to a nightclub but after being stopped by one of the promoters going into the elevator and getting free passes and drinks I thought why not go check it out. My gf and I went in with no expectations and what we found was a cute little boutique nightclub. Walking in I felt like I went back in time.. Lots of bachelorettes partying there and the crowd was initially a bit on the older side. They started off playing 80s music which was I love but as the night progressed it moved on to the grinding and music of any other club. That was when I left.The free drinks only included vodka. I bought a jack and coke and it cost $12. I wouldn't come here if I had to pay but for the free entry and passes I'll live with it.
3	Showed up on a Thursday night after the Criss Angel show. Was around 11.30pm and surprisingly no lines whatsoever. We figured we stopped by and check out the place since we got free wrist bands and drink passes by one of the promoters earlier.Once you've taken the elevator (or the circular stairs) to the 2nd floor, the bar is directly to your right while booth with hookahs sitting on the tables (which I didn't see anyone smoking) lined the left side of the wall. We got our drinks* before heading over to the dance floor.*Free Drinks:-Only good for house vodka.-Only can redeem for one drink at a time.The dance floor was pretty small. In fact, half of it was taken up by 2 pool tables. The music the DJ was playing was great! Lots of old school stuff like Paper Boy's Ditty, MC Hammer, Tootsee Roll. But then as the night went on, he switched it to the more generic club music that you would hear at every other club (and that's about when I decided to head out).The decor of the place was definitely one of the highlights of this place for me. Love the boutique feel. I spent quite a bit of time browsing at the black and white photos on the walls :)
5	Wanna go to a place that is a perfect representation of old school charm and the sinful sexuality of A woman... then check this place out! The decor is fun, flavorful and full of nuddie pictures from the 1920's... OLD SCHOOL PORNO SCORE! plush furniture, red red every there and super cute bathrooms! I can do without the stairs ( bruise 2/15 that night, thanks)!! The music was mixed and so was the crowd! We got to dance the night away on a large raised platform that made us feel like drunken superstars! We will be back!
4	Great place, lots of eye candy, had a really fun time there!
4	Great place to get your drink on!  We were here for a private event but had a blast on the dance floor.  The appetizers and drinks were great.  Kudos to the bartenders for making the drinks fast.  I really love the lounge feel and the music was bumpin' the night we went.  Great place to hang if you're looking for something more intimate than XS or Tao.
5	2nd time at Cathouse, and all I can say is Yaaaaah!.   Me and My wife came back to celebrate our 1 year anniversary, since we came here on our honeymoon last year and had a great time.  This time we had even better time, and without spending as much as last time.Right from the beginning, our host, Alex Duncan picked us out of the line and noticed we were married and asked us if we'd be interested in table service with a drink minimum, I already knew we weren't going to stay at the minimum, so we were like 'sure'.  The host sat us in a great spot that felt very exclusive, we had our own waitress and the music was great.Thank you guys for such a wonderful time, you deserve all the credit on this review and the very next time we come to Las Vegas, we know where we're going to kick it.
4	I came to Cathouse this past weekend the night after I went to LAX. So my party and I had a chance to directly compare the both of them. I must say that Cathouse beat out LAX for me.One thing that was great here was the music! Granted this particular aspect may be graded on a curve since i'm not apart of the electro dance craze right now. It was a breath of fresh air to hear some songs you can actually dance/groove to and not just RAGE and jump around like a bunch of semi brain dead cavemen. The lounge offers two floors, and that night 1 was playing electro pop top 40 songs and the other (where I was) some old and mostly new songs that weren't top 40. It was a blend of R&B, dance, and hip hop so you didn't feel like there was the same beat and breakdown in each song -___- hahaThis place wasn't too super packed like you will find most LV clubs which I liked! There was enough room for you to walk around and also enough room for some of us to start our own cypher on the dance floor (I'm a dancer), which was AWESOME!!!One thing that was TERRIBLE about this place but I was able to turn a blind eye to was the bartenders. I'm sure they're probably pressured by the club but the drinks here were unacceptable. Granted the club gave out 2 free drinks coupons to all of the ladies, but still. The drinks had no taste of alcohol. My female friend gave me one of her free drinks (what was supposed to be Cranberry Vodka) and I was literally drinking juice... in the club... But it was no big deal because the music took me over anyway. So if you're one of those people that need to buy drinks at the club, you will be HIGHLY disappointed!One thing I can say that was great about this place that I almost forgot to mention was the service. We passed by the entrance earlier in the day and the guy working the front spoke yo us and was very informative and easy to talk to. Even the bouncers/security on the inside were nice compared to your typical bouncer. My friend and I were sitting at a booth that I guess was payed for and a bouncer came up to us and politely asked us to stand and that he's trying to sit a party there. We had no problem and was surprised at the generous undertone. Also I remember dancing on the floor calling people into the cypher and I jokingly point at a bouncer waving him in. With no hesitation he goes into a buff man pose and pokes his chest out. It looked pretty silly, but I was surprised at the participation in letting loose a bit!This review's integrity may be ascue because of the crowd that night as well. Everyone seemed to want to have a genuine good time and could actually groove and connect with music other than primitive mindless fist pumping!! (Ok enough electro dance bashing).Cathouse! Great music, great vibe, crap drinks, great staff!
3	We came on a saturday night. lax with ginuwine was packed and we didn't want to deal with the crowd.- goons got no respect for vcard. had to wait in regular admission. they only honored that we got in for free. - 15 adios in a plastic cup filled with ice. expected from vegas? ehhh...at least put it in a glass cup like how they do at the blackjack table! sheesh. - DJ mixes lame. too much change in tempo. slow hip hop to high energy. keep it consistent for 10 min then change rhythm. for those that know, you could actually hear him speed up the BPM after transitions. lol- no go go dancers just ordinaries dancing crazy on the podiums. - they get you buy saying, "we got a deal tonight, $50 each for bottle service bla bla.." that's every saturday...:)- crazy bachelorettes that want to get taken advantage of :D - when u walk upstairs, everyone wants to take a picture on that velvet chair..everyone....!
4	Last Saturday I went to Thunder Down Under & my friends and I were given wristbands to enjoy an open bar at CatHouse nearby before 1AM. I didn't pay an entrance fee with the wristband & didn't even have to wait in line. To top it off, 4square & Yelp check-ins offer a free vodka drink.However, we did have an issue when we showed our wristbands at the first bar by the entrance. It was a few minutes before 1AM & the bartender gave us a really hard time. According to him, the wristband only meant we could get free "champagne" until 1AM. On top of that, we had to go downstairs and get our free drink card from the hostess.Other than that initial spat... the music was very mixed, as was the crowd. It wasn't too crowded and everyone looked like they were having a blast.I would definitely go back to CatHouse whenever I go back to Vegas.
3	I don't really know what to say about CatHouse except A-OK.They were just handing out wristbands outside of Thunder From Down Under (it was a bachelorette party okay??) and when we asked what it was about they said we could get a free bottle and table at CatHouse. What they hey, might as well check it out. We got there pretty early, maybe around 10:30, so there were literally like 10 people inside when we arrived. Music was alright, a mix of Top 40 and what I like to call "wedding/bar mitzvah." We did a little dancing since we had the floor to ourselves, but otherwise pretty much gulped down our drinks and high tailed it out of there.
2	The door guys we're awful.  bad attitudes..  The music in one room gave me an epileptic seizure!!!  I had to find my way out to another room that played good music from the 80s, 90s and today...  I forgot the guys name who helped us with our VIP table, he was a little dude, cute, and he was nice. ;-)
1	This is where you go to find Raspusia and the Klumps.  I cant believe people pay $20 to get in.  Awful! Sunday night, its 11pm.  Only about 50 people.  Of course the bar is quick because their is nobody there but fat bitches who need to learn how to dress, muffin top central with to many girls wearing see through tops with buttered rolls.  FAIL!  Left a half hour later.  Drinks were watered down and overpriced.2 heiny =$18.00   next round 2 heinys and 2 patron shots $48.... fuck off cathouse.
4	Visited this place on our club tour in Vegas. So, the Red Room is gross. I didn't like it AT ALL. Too many people, too crowded, and the music was annoying. The Blue Room, though - perfect. Less people, I could actually BREATHE, and the crowd's vibe was much better. The bartender, scantily clad of course, was also much cuter on that end.I LOVE the decor of Cathouse, though - all the wood and old art is just beautiful. Gives it a feel like an old men's smoking club. Loved it.
4	Located In The Luxor Hotel Casino On The Las Vegas Strip.Here we have a nightclub that I don't hate, how 'bout that? The music wasn't blaring it was at a tasteful level where you could hear it, and you could have a conversation with out screaming in someones ear. As an added bonus there is a Foursquare special as we as a Yelp! special: A Free Vodka Drink! So if you are on the South end of the LAs Vegas Strip stop in and have a drink or three. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Lingerie-clad girls in window staring at you - awkward. If you're staying at the Luxor, this isn't a bad venue to pop into. I'm not sure if I would take them up on any free well drinks. The one I had was absolute crap. Not a bad venue if you get in for free. We didn't stay long but here were my observations.Music. Enjoyed it. Good mixture. Even heard "Baby Got Back." Who doesn't like to dance to that :) Atmosphere. Alright. There was a odd mixture of people. From classy to white-trashy. That was a little weird. One side of the upstairs had well-dressed sophisticated bar patrons and the other side, well, go back to my above term - white-trashy.The girls in the windows - not something I'm used to. Overall, if you're at the Luxor and looking to do some dancing without hitting the strip - not a bad choice.
1	If you're a hiker or just plain bored and doesn't know where to start having fun in Vegas, this is for you.Also, if you don't come with the group, like LAX (last stop) asks you to pay up. And their matron really looks mean.
4	I loved this place.. they played GREAT music... but while in Vegas a couple weeks ago, i found this club to be closed.  The bartender across the way told us that they didn't renew their lease.So we ended up going to LAX... good club but WAYYYYY too crowded!!!    :(
1	+1 star  for separate areas for separate types of music.The first area I was in had about 20 people. 10 of those were in my group. There were two pool tables pretty much in the middle of what i can only assume was a dance floor. Does this place double as a regular pool hall during daylight hours? It made no sense to me. The booths were comfortable so i really did just sit most of the time. The DJ was playing mainly dance music in this area. That i liked. The other room played hip hop was not as odd but in a room that big, why did they have a large piece of furniture that looks like something you are supposed to sit on there? When i tried to sit on it, I was told by one of the bouncers that I could not sit there.....one problem, A BUNCH OF OTHER PEOPLE WERE ALREADY SITTING THERE. Why did I get singled out? I know it wasn't a VIP sitting area because other people were able to sit down and get up as they pleased. This room had a lot more people but the dance floor in this room did not even feel like a dance floor. More like a walk way for people to stand in.  I stayed in this room for less than ten minutes.
