2	They are trying to be Soho Fusion in the Heart of Dilworth. It doesn't work for me.  When you see fancy places on the travel channel with a few slices of celery and a meal the size of a ritz cracker... Well, that's called high end fusion.  I'd stay away from this place if you're hungry. If you have the urge to eat like Kate Moss or the one Olsen Twin.  This is your spot and its pricey to boot.
3	I'm a huge fan of Asian Fusion cuisine but sadly, my experience at Zen was less than stellar.  A girlfriend and I met there at noon on a random Wednesday for lunch.  She ordered Sesame Chicken and I ordered Hibachi Chicken.  We both had salads (which were very watery)--actually, she didn't order a salad but they mistakenly brought one out for her.  After waiting over 45 minutes for our food, we asked the waiter how much longer we should expect to wait (after all, we both had post-lunch clients that would be waiting!).  Our food eventually came out and it was delicious!  I was not disappointed in either of our entrees but was rather annoyed at the amount of time it took to get it.  50% of our bill was removed for our inconvenience.  While that was a nice gesture, I'm not sure I'll make plans to go back anytime soon.  Customer service, especially on the first visit, is critical...sadly, Zen fell short.
3	I really enjoyed my experience at Zen, despite a slightly overpriced menu.  We went there on a Friday night after driving around forever trying to decide what we wanted and the wait at the bar was brief.  I had the Zengria and it was super tasty, but at 8 bucks a glass, one would do me.  Since I love tapas and small plates, I ordered all appetizers for my meal and the crispy crab and cream cheese rolls were spectacular!  Obviously cream cheese has nothing to do with Asian cuisine but the added flavor with the real crab meat in a cripsy wonton skin was a perfect match.  I also had the spicy tuna nachos....huge chips covered in chunks of bright pink tuna mixed with a type of spicy aioli.  The sauce was a little much for me, mostly because I'm not a mayonnaise fan and it's resemblance to mayo along with the excessive amount was a bit of a turn-off.  But, the tuna was perfect and the spicyness was just right.  The mussels in ginger broth, however....no, no, no!  Gritty and bland....not worth the price at all.  All in all, I will go back for sure for another glass of Zengria and those rolls alone.  They also have good specials during the week (buy one get one tapas, etc.).  Oh and I sat next to Ric Flair at the bar and being a girl from the Midwest, that was worth the laugh and conversation.
3	A bunch of us went to Zen Asian Fusion for my friend's birthday earlier this year. The restaurant is very nice and has a cool atmosphere. Unfortunately, none of us were very impressed with our meals, and as a result, the menu seemed pretty overpriced. I might check it out for lunch though, when they've got cheaper lunch specials.
5	This is by far my favorite asian fusion restaurant outside of San Francisco (and I desperately look for new fusion spots all the time all over the country).  If you are looking for typical uninteresting Asian cooking - you wont find it here!!  I imagine the reason for some of the weak reviews is typical Asian cooking preconceptions or expectations.Zen is far from typical or even traditional!... In-fact it is downright with the times and has a lot of very unique flavors and textures I have yet to experience anywhere else.  The Mongolian Crispy Noodles is my favorite dish on the menu.  Topping the crispy noodles is a mixture of FRESH, perfectly cooked veggies & meats - but the ingredient that makes this dish sing is the brown sauce that also softens the noodles as you eat.  WOW, this dish is absolutely craveable!   (My mouth is watering just thinking about it!)The grilled seasoned asian pork is always tender and cooked to perfection.  It is a simple dish served with fresh steamed broccoli, but its perfect texture and unique flavor really make it sing too!The service is impeccable!  I had only been in there a few times, but the manager somehow remembered my name.  It boggles my mind how he does that - especially since I haven't lived in Charlotte in about a year and he still remembers when I am back in town visiting. I'm telling ya... If you appreciate unique Asian cooking Zen is worth checking out!  (You may even get a celebrity experience too.  It seems that I always see Rick Flair the wrestler in there at one of the back table.  HAHA!)
4	I'm surprised with several of the comments here. I live in the neighborhood and have eaten at Zen quite a few times over the last year and a half. The service is excellent as a rule and the staff very pleasant and unpretentious. It's nicely decorated, and except for street noise al fresco and parking lot light glare at night at a few inside tables, the ambiance is both contemporary and comfortable. Of course the menu selection is varied in this theme and most of the dishes are memorable in taste and beautifully presented. I find the prices reasonable for most selections and the price fair given the food quality, service, and atmosphere. If price is an issue, sign up for their email list when there and you'll get discount offers from them routinely.
2	Throwing a bunch of popular food items together from different asian cultures doesn't seem like fusion to me.  Spicy Tuna Nachos was about the only thing I ate there that seemed "fused".  They should change their name to "House of Asia" it would be more true to what they serve.  Everything is overpriced and the sushi is definetly not worth the price. This place would be really cool if it wasn't trying so hard.  On a good note, the service was fast and friendly.  I just wish the food would have been as good.  This place is Poser Alley.
4	I have eaten here once but been hear about 4 times for their desserts.  they have a tres leche cake that is to DIE FOR!  Yeah it is so yummy ...i dream about it.  As often as i can i return to have a slice of it.  Typically i go with friends and we order a number of desserts to share - not me ...i covetously guard my piece of tres leche and scarf it down quickly so no one else can have any part of it!  I suck - i know ... but when it comes to this cake ...that is just the way it has to be.The food is good and pretty much anyone can find something they will really like on the menu.
5	We were VERY impressed with Zen.  We walked in, gave our reservation name to the hostess, and found out that she already had a table ready and waiting for us!   We were immediately seated with the menus already there for us.  Wow!  We felt so...important.  Is this what it's like to be Brad and Angelina?We hadn't been to Zen before, but we found the ambiance was even nicer than we were expecting.  It was relaxing, yet fun. The decor was sleek and modern.  And the service was fantastic.  Our very friendly server Fiona did a fantastic job of  making sure we never waited for anything, not that we were in a rush or anything.  I'm not sure what menu some other Yelpers were ordering from, but we found the food very filling, exceptionally tasty, and very reasonably priced.  It's affordable enough to make it a once-a-week place to visit.  There were so many items to choose from on the menu that we didn't know where to begin.  We wanted a sampling of everything.  We started with the Dilworth sushi roll and a Summer Spider Roll.  I've never seen a variety of summer rolls before.  Usually, there's just one on a menu, so it was nice to try something different.  The sushi roll was HUGE for the price.  I'd go back to Zen for the sushi alone.  I also tried the Thai shrimp hot and sour soup...just because.  The flavor was definitely Thai and delicious, but there weren't any shrimp in it, though, so I assumed it was just supposed to have a shrimp base or something.  For entrees, we tried two different Vietnamese dishes:  the Saigon Rice and the Bun (Vietnamese noodle).  They were basically the same with the Bun (pronounced "boon") having noodles and the Rice having...well, rice.  The flavor was distinctly Vietnamese and we enjoyed every last bite, especially the grilled seasoned pork and shrimp that were included.  YUM.  They was very tender and flavorful.  For my drink, I had the Sake To Me Martini.  Malibu rum, sake, and juices.  Delicious!We can't wait to go back to Zen to try many of their other items on their menu.  There's such a variety that you could return time and time again and have a different flavor experience each time.  Great job, Zen!
4	I like Zen they have a great staff and the food is always good! The food is very fresh tasting not over sauced or salted, very clean if that makes any sense!!I tend to always get the Shrimp or Crab( I forget) Spring rolls along with the Asparagus with with Shrimp in a Brown sauce both are very tasty!! I also have had and like the Hibachi items and the sushi, which by the way the sushi is a big portion!! They run a lot of different Happy Hour Specials throughout the week that includes some food items definitely worth checking out!
3	So this neighborhood spot tries to be all asian to all people, and it does an OK job on most points.  Will you get gourmet fare here that excites the senses?  No.  But you will get a range of dishes that are executed fairly well and service that is neither too fast nor too slow.I work in the area, so I end up eating lunch here every few weeks.  While I have my favorite dishes, my co-workers order a fair range of things that are good for comparison sake.  I prefer the green curry dishes, while the hibachi grills seem to be popular amongst my peers.  There is a portion of the menu for Thai and a number of more "traditional" (meaning American-ized) chinese dishes (kung-pao, sesame chicken, etc.)The one thing that I do find disappointing, though, is their sushi.  Very generic maki rolls that lack any adventure or flavor to me (think California Roll).  No sashimi that I have seen.  Besides, Charlotte has much better sushi, even in the same neighborhood, so skip that if you go here.If you want a little bit of a lot of things, they also have a Bento Box lunch that includes a small salad and dessert.  It's a little pricer, but not bad if you are indecisive.  Appetizers are good here- steamed endamame and seaweed salad are both prepared well and rank as my favorites.  Decor is modern and not overdone, dark woods with a nice bar in the background.  I'd rate this place higher but sadly, there is nothing "fusion" about it- no adventure, nothing new happening in the kitchen.  The menu is really a listing of a number of many different dishes, grouped by country of origin, that never intermingle.  You've likely seen and had many of them before.  It's that safety that holds this place back.  Execution of what is there is good, for the most part, but there is a total lack of imagination here that keeps this place from being a destination of choice.  For now, it's a place of convenience.
4	Went there last night with my date and had a great time! Never been there before, I only knew of it due to the Entertainment Book!Our waiter was a very attentive gentleman, who got our waters quickly (and always kept them filled!). We sat near the bar at a high table against the wall and had a great view of the 2 acoustic guitar players/singers that were performing! The place was pretty crowded but not loud and the lighting made for a great date atmosphere.Weird side note - this place is half Spanish, half Asian. I am not sure I would ever order the Spanish side of the menu though the dishes look interesting enough.We ordered 2 tofu rolls (not sushi, think raw egg roll but healthier!) and they came out really quickly with a think peanut sauce. I didn't care for it so I asked for some duck sauce - what he brought me was amazing! A thai spicy chile duck sauce he called it and it was perfect!I ordered the hibachi shrimp and chicken w/ brown rice and my date ordered the teriakyi chicken w/ brown rice and both were great. I'll admit that my portion was significantly smaller than his which was odd, but it tastes amazing! Both the teriakyi sauce on his and shrimp sauce with mine were great and we cleaned our plates!We opted to not go for dessert, but that dulce de leche cheesecake looked great.... Sad they don't have any beer on tap, just bottles.We'll go back!
3	I finally tried Zen the other night and still struggling with how I feel about it. When I walked through the door, a huge gist of warmth swept over me and felt like I was at home in Florida! Very tropical temperatures in there, I loved it! The service was great, attentive and quick yet the food was kinda meh. I got the garlic eggplant and tofu and was expected it to be popping with of flavor. And flavor it did have-just not garlic flav-wth? It tasted good but just not what I was expecting, The portion sizes were huge though for $10 it was enough for dinner and leftovers for lunch. I really wish their sushi was a little cheaper though, I love sushi but for those prices I just can't swing it and would rather go elsewhere. I can see this as a place I would stop in every few months if that but not a "Hey, let's go to Zen tonight!" kinda place.
5	I can't believe this place doesn't have 5 stars. I love, love, love Chi and his staff!! You will receive top notch service time and time again. The food is always great and fresh! I always take my out of town visitors here and they ALWAYS love it!! I can not say enough good things about Zen!
5	I have been eating at Zen for a few years now and although I'm new to Yelp I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it. In my opinion it is as good as it gets and I enjoy dining at Zen at least twice a month. The staff is amazing and my Lychee Martini is generally on my table for me before I sit down. The servers all work together and there is a great sense of teamwork. My favorite thing to drink is the Lychee Martini, you must try this!!! Everything I've ever eaten and Zen is amazing. I really enjoyed going to Sole, their other restaurant, before it closed. Since Sole' is closed they have added some of the Spanish specialties to the Zen Asian Fusion menu which makes it true fusion! All the Asian food is awesome and the Sushi is right there with it! Some of my favorites are:Blue Cheese CalamariCrab and Cream Cheese Spring RollsPad ThaiZen EggplantRed Dragon RollBento BoxAhhh there are too many wonderful things to name on the menu! Do not pass up a chance to dine at Zen. See ya there! :)
5	It's called Asian fusion for a reason. Their take on Asian cuisine will make you dream of your next visit. My absolute favorite is their Paid Thai which I switch up from time to time by changing the meat it comes with. You can't go wrong whether you choose scallops, beef or chicken. Definitely add on the hot and sour shrimp soup or a side salad with ginger dressing. I have a difficult time choosing between the two.
5	Great Food! Great Service! Nice Find! The spicy Shrimp soup is one of the best soups I have ever had. Everything I get every time I go. We love that place!
2	Zen is one of those highly mediocre places that I leave wondering "Why do I keep coming back here? That was really unsatisfying." The last straw was when I got a bento box for lunch (which is a really great deal if the food was more satisfying) and the dessert that came with it was old leftover tres leches cake that was spit-out awful.  (Note: I have had fresh tres leches cake there once that was the only highlight of dinner).The family who runs it is friendly and they used to own Sole Spanish which was great and I miss the ability to go there now, especially since there's now no Spanish places north of 485 that I know of. But they integrated some of their Sole stuff on the Zen menu, so it's a melange of asian and spanish. That's just bananas. I guess I'm more of a purist - call me a fuddy duddy. If the sign says asian fusion, I want you to do it really really well.  Instead you get either weird or mediocre takes on dishes. I do like their drink menu and location but I can cook so much better at home, so I'm quitting you, Zen.
4	My mom and i went here for dinner on a monday night and were very pleased. we started with the scallops appetizer which i'm sure no desert could beat. the scallops were fresh and the sauce went wonderfully with the bread. i ordered the tuna which was amazing and my mom got the spanish salmon which was " delicious with the sun dried tomato sauce" she said it was moist and not dried out. i'm not really a spinach person but hers was fresh( as were my vegetables) and the service was fairly quick-as it was a monday. the food was fairly priced, as it was an upscale restaurant. we did not like where we sat though and seeing as we made a reservation you'd think they could have a better seat then right outside of the kitchen.
4	I really do like Zen, but I have to say the best part about it is the staff and the bar. The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 stars is that the food isn't always top notch for me. I have never in all the years I've been going here tried their sushi so I can't comment on it.  However I've had lunch and dinner here many many  times and it's been hit or miss for me. To be fair the misses have usually been at lunch and when I order the more watered down Asian choices that they have! Things I highly recommend are:-Pot Stickers-Sesame Crusted Ahi Tuna-Churrasco de Cerde-Kung PaoThese dishes have always been great every time I have had them, those and the Tres Leches... it is to die for!! The staff is fantastic and I love the entire Zen family, and they will remember who you are and take very good care of you.  The bar is extremely well stocked and they have fantastic specialty drink choices and can make anything perfectly!!  They have live music some nights during the week and it's just a great place to unwind after work.
2	Charming atmosphere...good drinks, great dessert but the middle was totally lacking.I couldn't even take more than 3 bites of the Montilana beef in sherry wine sauce if that's what you call it. It was god awful. I haven't had a bad meal like that in ages.The server didn't even bother to ask if I wanted something else. I don't call that good service.The mexican con leche cake was good, but I won't be jumping up and down to have dinner there again!
4	I've been to zen several times, usually with a large party, and the service is always wonderful.  The food is mediocre to good, though the highlight of the meal is always their amazing tres leches cake.  They've infused Sole's (RIP) Spanish menu with the Asian offerings, which gives diners a large, if odd, array of dishes to choose from.  I love the Zarzuela de Mariscos  - a seafood melange stewed in a tasty tomato sauce with saffron rice on the side.  Trendy but warm atmosphere.  Servers are always helpful and attentive. Parking is kind of a pain on busy nights.
2	It was decent. I loved my dish but some of my friends didn't like theirs. I had the sesame crusted ahi tuna and it was really good. The tuna was just right and the sauce was fantastic. However, I tried some kind of spanish Chicken dish and the chicken was super dry. They had to return it and order something else. They got the seabass instead cooked with a light ginger soy sauce. It was cooked just right and the taste was really good. I just think everything is a bit overpriced for the quality of food. I do have to say I like the atmosphere of the restaurant. It's very intimate and classy, a good place for a date night. So if you decide to go here, my advice is to stay away from the chicken and order seafood!
4	You must try the Tres Leches cake.  It's not too sweet and just melts in your mouth.  I wasn't too crazy about my entree, but my husband is in love with their Curry.
3	I was a bit thrown by the menu at first because I expected Asian and they had a lot of dishes touting Spanish rice. Then I saw it was an Asian, Spanish Fusion. After that all made sense I went for the safety of the Pad Thai because my wallet was clenching and to be to much more adventurous would have exceeded my already stretched budget.Truthfully, I have had much better Pad Thai for half the price. There was zero spice to it and the chicken was rubbery. Pad Thai is not supposed to be a spicy dish but is supposed to be spiced just a tad to provide some nice flavoring. It was noticeably absent. Everyone enjoyed their dish but no one seemed to be blown away.The ambiance of the place was really really nice and would actually make a great date spot.I would not complain if a group I was with chose this as our dinner destination and would probably try to swing for something a bit more risky. But for the price and what I got, I have had much better.
4	We really enjoyed our visit to Zen. The service was friendly and very helpful. The atmosphere was nice, as well. We had a Zen Mojito and Zen 88, both were very good. For appetizers we had the empanadas and the gazpacho. Also, I believe that the gazpacho has cream in it. Both were fair and both needed a kick of flavor, maybe some jalapenos. For our entrees we ordered the Green Curry with Chicken and the Paella Valenciana. The Green Curry was exceptional. It was just the right amount of spice and the chicken was sliced thinly and cooked perfectly. It was a large portion. The Paella Valenciana was authentic with shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari, and fish. The tomato sauce was good. While, traditional Paella isn't necessarily spicy it would have been nice if it would have had a bit of spice to it. I had to add pepper. But still it was overall very good. All of the seafood was very well cooked. The portion wasn't huge but it was enough after having a drink and an appetizer. For dessert we shared the pineapple upside down cake and WOW! It was definitely the highlight of the meal! The cake was very moist and it had a strip of cheesecake in the middle! Very tasty! Overall, our experience was very nice and we would definitely go back again!
2	Just forget the Spanish tapas here, they are a huge disappointment.Not at all the sophisticated tiny dishes you expect.Empanadas = Tapas?The Asian food is more interesting but you might be better going to a core ethnic restaurant.
5	Amazing place!! Great atmosphere. I ALWAYS get the Langostinos, the sauce is magic and the rice is always perfect. The only thing I haven't enjoyed there was the mint sauce for the steamer. The tres leches cake, bomb! I love this place.
5	We used our living social coupon for our fist visit to Zen Fusion last night.  The service was wonderful from the moment we stepped inside.  The interior of the restaurant has great ambiance and is quite lovely with lots of little corners for an intimate feel.  But the night was too nice so we decided to wait at the bar for an outside table.  The host found me a chair and pulled it out for me.  The bartenders were both so friendly and did a great job recommending Asian beers. When our table was ready, the host carried my drink out to the table.  Little extras like that are sadly, not common and mean a lot. The waitress was great, the patio very cozy and inviting and our food was terrific.  We got parmesan scallops for an appetizer and went with sushi for our entree.  We eat sushi pretty regular and it did not disappoint.  On top of all of that, the prices are very reasonable.  We had a wonderful experience at Zen Fusion and can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
4	The service is attentive... a VERY good thing these days but there's a strong initial push for an "adult drink" order. I know this is a great profit area for a restaurant but they need to chill on how they ask. But, in all fairness, after I did order a beer (see, it works!), it was no problem getting water...The almond encrusted tuna was just OK... it almost seemed to be mass produced because it had little flavor. However, the surrounding vegetables were outstanding. I'd give the food just 3 stars.The interior is comfortable... not too loud or dinghy... it is well adorned sans anything garish. Will I come back? Yes... the prices are VERY reasonable, the service is great and I won't judge the entire menu on one order... more follow-up reviews to come.
5	First time going here and it is now my favorite new restaurant in Charlotte! We only got to try the Asian side of the place, but it was fantastic. Best Beef with Broccoli I have ever had. My girlfriend even tried the Tataki Tuna because it was that good. Highly recommend, and cannot wait to go back already!!
3	We went to Zen Asian Fusion last night for a holiday celebration for one of the boards my husband is on.  It was my first time and we enjoyed it quite a bit.  The party organizers had ordered the food for us, so I didn't get a chance to look at the menu and make my own choice, but they made good choices.  Here are my thoughts:AmbianceWe sat in the outdoor area which was ready for the winter with a nice, very warm heater and plastic around the outside.  I LOVE that, so that was fun.  The staff were also very friendly and attentive, so big thumbs up for that.FoodI started with the Thai soup which was great.  It's exactly the sort of soup I like: lots of yummy broth with good veggies and a little bit of shrimp.  It was nice and spicy, too.  My husband nearly licked his soup bowl, it was so good. For dinner, we had a family style serving of 4 platters:  Chicken basil, paella, sauteed veggies and beef and broccoli.  We also had brown and white rice.  I didn't try the beef and broccoli, but the other table members liked it.  The other dishes were fine, and I added some hot chili sauce to make them a bit more spicy.  Maybe because I am used to Dim Sum (down on Central in Plaza-Midwood), I liked the dishes, but they weren't outstanding.  I didn't eat dessert, but everyone else had the tres leches cake and pretty much scraped their plates clean.  (I take that as a good sign)Overall, I would go back there for a fun scene and for a variety of foods they offered for picky members.  I do know that the son of one friend of ours went to this place over 200 times in one year!  WOW!!!  That's some loyalty right there, so clearly, this place is a darling of lots of folks!
5	First time visit and the food was amazing. We got black bean soup and lettuce wraps to start, both excellent. I had the chimi pork with black beans and plantains which was amazing and BF got the Chicken Pad Thai which was the BEST Ive tried in Charlotte. For dessert tres leches which was served on a cold plate with cold forks... this place definately pays attention to detail. Very warm cozy and friends, service was great... seemed like a place where everybody knew everybody and it they had a lot of regulars
2	Me and my boyfriend went here for dinner last night because I had a Chinese food craving and thought it would be good to try something new. Honestly, I wasn't impressed at all. Forget hitting the spot, the food here didn't even get anywhere near the spot.Firstly, the place is pretty small and has a rather weird layout. We were seated at a table near the bar and man, did the sound of the bartender shaking up drinks get annoying! It was so loud that I had trouble hearing my boyfriend a couple times.No sooner were we seated than the waitress asked us if we wanted to start off with any appetizers. I mean, at least give us a chance to look at the menu! Other than that, she was very attentive and courteous so I'll give them points for service. We ordered the steamed pork pot stickers, which were pretty decent. For entrees, I ordered the Kung Pao chicken and my boyfriend had the Mongolian Crispy Fried Noodles. The Kung Pao chicken was disgusting. Firstly, it was not spicy at all, even though it's marked as spicy on their menu. The chicken wasn't marinated and tasted like boiled chicken covered with sauce. The Mongolian Crispy Fried Noodles were much better, although nothing really worth writing home about.I'm never going back. I'd much rather eat at places that focus one thing and master it rather than being a Jack of all trades and trying their hand at everything from Chinese and Thai to Spanish and Tapas.
2	Sometimes you just want a happy medium. And that's okay.For dinner, the Mr. wanted sushi, and I'm easy to please, so I went with the veggie green curry. Top that off with tofu summer rolls and a miso soup, our takeout order was complete. We went to pick it up, and it was ready at the appointed time.As for the curry, it was just fine. Nothing outstanding, full of vegetables and served with brown rice. I enjoyed the flavor, but kept encountering strings of some unidentifiable green stalk in my bowl. Not the most appetizing discovery.Summer rolls were not the best. But they did in a pinch. The peanut sauce they were served with didn't deliver anything spectacular.The Mr. reported that the sushi was actually pretty terrible, and sitting next to him, it smelled pretty terrible, too.Not sure about the dine-in experience, but hopefully it's better than the takeout situation.
3	I'm really glad to see something so interesting in Dilworth and so close to home. Seriously, all of these killer eateries and shopperies in the Kenilworth shopping center are great. I was really stoked to try out Zen as I've read other reviews from friends and seen their rather interesting menu. Not sure that I've ever had the fusion of Asian and Spanish Tapas cross my plate ever and I look forward to experiencing it one day. This time around, we went for takeout after being rather tired from moving in and a busy week to top things off. Might of caught these guys on an off night, or it should be enjoyed in-house. Know what I'm sayin?Here's what we had: Salmon sashimi -- Perfect. Simple cuts of fresh salmon. Rather thick, too. Always love the different varieties in cuts and this was just fine. Cali roll -- Standard. I was in the mood for something light and that's what I got. It was pleasant. Tuna roll -- ??? I've never seen nori that thick, A, and have never seen it laid on the outside of so much rice, B. Also, the nori had a pretty wretched stench. Not sure I've had such a stinky variety before. The tuna was fresh and fine. Should have just picked it out of the middle and went to town!Summer rolls -- Another ?? They were so weakly wrapped and had pretty nasty tofu as well. Just a huge letdown on flavor and presentation. Miso -- Just as it should be. I'm a fan. So, I think we missed the boat here in going for takeout. Next time, I want to check out the tapas
3	Really nice atmosphere and good food.  I have sat down at the bar for some sushi and wine, as well as enjoyed dinner in the dining area.  All of the food (I only had Asian food) was high quality, and the service was good.There was nothing that really stood out about this place, though, that makes me want to come back consistently.  The place is not extremely pricey, but it isn't cheap.  I think it's the overall value that made me feel unexcited about this restaurant that was a decent place.
2	We went to Zen today for lunch. It is an interesting concept because it menu provides an option of Asian inspired dishes as well as Spanish inspired dishes. The table went for Asian, except for one friend, who went with a Spanish inspired salad.We had a group of 7 and needed to be seated quickly because we have exactly 1 hour for lunch. I called ahead to make a reservation which was a really easy process and our table was ready for us when we arrived.Our server was friendly and attentive. My water glass was always full which was a plus!I enjoyed my lunch (Kung Pow Chicken) but it was not the best I've ever had. It said on the menu it was supposed to be spicy, but I had to ask for a side of chili oil and siracha to make it spicy to my taste (it was rather mild). It was a large portion, so I will have leftovers for dinner! The amount of veggies was great. I am only giving two stars because while the service was good and the food was fine, I have had much better Chinese food and I prefer other Asian places in Charlotte (SoHo Bistro, KO Sushi). And minus one start because no sushi menu for lunch!Solid-ish place, good service, ok food. I was content with my meal. I would go back, maybe at dinner so I could try the sushi. I am still confused by the Asian/Spanish theme.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the main East Blvd stretch. The outdoor patio is limited but its all right because the interior is tastefully decorated. Love the food and drink options here! A few suggestions: - Do the Hibachi over the sushi. The sushi is fine, but the Hibachi is very light and delicious unlike most Asian restaurants. - Order the Blue Cheese Calamari as an appetizer! SO delicious- The Zen Mojito and the Ly-Chee Martini are great as well. I live nearby so every time I get lazy about not wanting to drive, I come over here. Which is a good thing!
5	My favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Friendly service; they seem to know everybody by name, and treat me like a regular -- or even their only -- customer, even though I only make it there every few months. Fantastic value. Great, intimate atmosphere. I have never been disappointed in any dish, and I have tried many of them over the years. Don't miss the tres leches cake!Genuine hospitality and kindness goes a long way, and that's what you get at Zen, along with delicious food.
4	Had lunch here yesterday. Nice spot. Convenient to work. Ordered the hibachi chicken. Nothing super spectacular but The tres leches cake on the other hand is uhhhh  to die for! Not too sweet or heavy, just melts in your mouth. Simply perfect. Highly recommend!
4	Had carryout. But the food was really good! Had been wanting to come here but never got the chance and now that i went im glad i did. been wanting new taste of food for while. The restaurant has a Great Atmosphere Ben though I didn't eat there. Will def be coming back to try something new.
3	I have been here several times now and while the food has been consistently good, the service has not. I've tried a variety of food such as the salmon, hibachi shrimp, and mixed vegetables and all have been good. However, every time I've eaten in the actual restaurant, the service has been subpar. I have usually been greeted nicely at the door but after that it just goes downhill with individual servers. I don't think any of the servers are actually rude, I just think they get busy. I will likely continue to eat here but it will probably be on a takeout only basis.
2	Curry is very dry. ordinary taste
4	Given other reviews I was not expecting much but was pleasantly surprised. I had the sesame crusted ahi tuna which was excellent. Companions had the zarzuela and Singapore noodles which they both enjoyed (plates left clean!). Service was attentive and we all enjoyed the sangria special and live music (Wednesdays only). Only negative was the Tres leches cake- I was really looking forward to this as it's made in house but found the cake to be dry when it should have been moist and soaked in the condensed milk. Others found it too sweet overall. In any case, I would come here again.
4	Food: Interesting mix of Asian and Spanish-ish dishes. Fantastic vegetarian options for both, we got the stuffed eggplant and it was amazing.Drinks: Best Sake I've ever had. Good wine selections, way more bottles than glasses, well-priced mixed drinks, limited beer.Service: excellent.Atmosphere: decor and lighting are romantic, tables are really close together though.Overall: I would return, especially for specials like half off appetizers from 4-6:30
4	I love going to Zen, the owners and staff just make you feel very welcome. It's no surprise then that place has many regulars. I will be one. We did a tapas style dinner, our waiter, David, was genuinely helpful.
5	Stopped in on a Saturday night very casually dressed so we asked to sit on the patio.  Good move.  The patio seems to be the spot for underdressed people with kids.I asked about the summer rolls on the sushi menu and they sounded intriguing so I decided to order the vegetable summer roll.  Another good decision.  It was made in a soy wrapper rather than a typical rice sushi roll.  It also had so many vegetables packed in.  It was like little bites of summer.I also ordered the Firecracker roll.  It was yummy.  I have a weakness for tempura fried sushi rolls even though I know I shouldn't eat them.  Still, the balance with the ultra-healthy summer roll make this little bit of a cheat acceptable.
5	Myself and Emma here again on this cold Sunday evening. Zen always serves up great food, reasonable prices and the friendliness of the staff certainly cancels out the cold weather.Consistently for years now - the management and staff are great....Mix of Asian and Spanish - plus the sushi - Salmon Nigiri is great !
5	This is my go to place for Sushi and Tapas! Great variety with superb staff and happening bar!
5	Zen Asian Fusion never let's me down, especially when I get a spot on the patio. The delicious, fresh hibachi style chicken is my favorite menu item. I also love every sushi roll I've tried there and the edemame is a great app. The only thing is I wish they would bring back 1/2 price sangria on Tuesday nights!
5	Had wife's bday dinner at Zen Asian Fusion....  I am not a huge fan of Asian food but I had the dragon roll....it was AMAZING.  Portion size was generous.  Wife had the mizo soup which I didn't try.  For dinner I had hibachi steak and shrimp.  The food was solid and the steak was cooked to temp.  I didn't care for their shrimp sauce as others I have had before but other than that the meal was dead on.Wife tried their sangria and raved about it.  For dessert we split tres leches (bringing some fusion to our Asian fusion) and it was one of the better ones I have had in the city and really good considering this is an Asian fusion restaurant.they have a nice patio and if you go at peak times you will have to park on the other side of the lotoverall...worth the money
5	Came here based on a friends suggestion and I was a little worried because it was a spanish/asian fusion place but trust me it is amazing!!!! We had the lettuce wraps and they were so tasty. I usually need to add sauces to make it taste great but it didn't need it. We also had Patatas Bravas and OMG this was the most amazing Patatas Bravas I have ever had. The spicy was had a lot of flavor. We also had a stuffed eggplant dish and that was also delicious! The service was great even the manager came by to ask how we were doing.
4	This was our first time here. We started edamame and beers.  I ordered the miso roll. I was impressed. My boyfriends steak hibachi was also very good. The dessert platter had a large variety of options. I went with the chocolate cake and was not disappointed. The service and atmosphere were both great. Love how close it was to south end.Parking filled up fast but plenty at the teeter a short walk away.
5	I really love when I am able to get over to Zen!!  Was introduced to it by my friend Joe and totally fell in love!!  The Mai Thai's are excellent!  And have always had great service and a wonderful meal!  The owners and staff are so friendly and welcoming.  Great variety of things to choose from!  And definitly try the tres leche cake!!  Yum!!
4	After snagging a great deal ($25 for $50 worth of food and alcohol) from Travelzoo we decided to check out Zen for dinner.They run specials nearly every day of the week. On Wednesdays they have live music and half off sangria ($3) so those were nice little added perks. The musician was really good without being disruptive, and the sangria wasn't overly sweet! After reading a recommendation from Yelp we tried the blue-cheese calamari. They aren't overly blue-cheesy, and while being decent I would try the tuna appetizer next time. For my entree I went with two specialty rolls. I ordered the Red Dragon and the Fresh Cucumber rolls. I always ask for whole pieces of tuna rather than chopped (a texture thing), and thankfully they were able to accomodate no problem. I absolutely loved the Red Dragon roll and would get that again next time. My husband had Pad Thai, my sister-in-law had Chicken Hibachi, and my brother in law had Sushi as well. Everyone was happy with their meals. The desserts looked awesome but we were way too stuffed to eat anything else..next time!Our server (I cannot recall his name off-hand, Dave?), was extremely nice and was super patient when half of our party was running a little late. He made great suggestions and was just overall completely on-the-ball. I will definitely return!
5	I have been to this restaurant about five or six times and every meal has been excellent. Their food (particularly the seafood) is so fresh and has such great flavor. A couple meals that stand out in my mind is the Japanese Teriyaki Scallops - they give you such a great portion of scallops, cooked perfectly and the sauce is the best ever - and the Mongolian Crispy Fried Noodle. I've also had some dishes from the Mexican portion of the menu, but I must say the Asian food is my favorite. The atmosphere is great, perfect for date night. Only complaint is that they do not know how to handle a packed restaurant, and there is barely a waiting area. However, if you make reservations you shouldn't have an issue. The service is wonderful! Will be back again and again.
4	One of my new favorite places! I love the blue cheese calamari. Where else can you get Asian and Spanish food in one place? I believe the owners use to own Ole Ole which explains the Spanish food, which is amazing.
2	BLAH food and blah service No sushi during lunch, but it is not that good anyways
5	The food is delicious, the waiter Jairo  and  owners are really nice and the atmosphere is perfect. I m not even going to go into details because It would take too long. Its out new favorite restaurant for sure!
4	We've been in Charlotte for over a year now and never heard of Zen Asian Fusion.  We've passed by many times and thought it was just another asian takeout place.Turns out we got one of the social deals to get $50 worth of food for $25 and decided to go there for an early anniversary dinner.  Granted we were there relatively early (6pm on a Tuesday afternoon) but the service was really great and the food exceeded our expectations.  I got an ahi tuna steak that was very nicely cooked and my husband got a spanish pork dish.  Both were very tasty with good portions.  The best part of the meal though was their in-house tres leches cake.  YOU MUST GET IT!We will definitely be back!
5	I've been here twice now and loved it both times. Our waiter Jairo served us both times. He was very attentive, took special requests when necessary, and overall made the dinner very enjoyable.The outdoor section is my preference. We tried the grilled calamari, which was tasty and not overcooked. I also had the sauteed mussels (part of the Spanish tapas), and loved it. My girlfriend had the salmon and it was cooked perfectly, with a great sauce.My only criticism would be the men's bathroom. For the quality of the restauarant and food, the bathroom could be a little cleaner with nicer fixtures.
5	This was our first visit there, but definitely will not be the last.  We were a group of 4.  The fried calamari was excellent, the aioli sauce outstanding.  We had the gratinadas, paella, zarzuella, and sopa de pollo.  All were perfect. Our waiter, David, kept our water glasses filled and was attentive without being intrusive.  He took care of our special dietary needs easily and pleasantly.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte! Great choice in appetizers, sushi and entrees. My only complaint is that I usually dine with my sister who has celiacs. On our first visit, the waiter was very helpful and attentive with her dietary restrictions. The following visits, she has notified the waiter but has gotten sick from cross contamination. I would appreciate if they were a little more careful in food prep with her allergy! Otherwise, their tres leeches cake is amazing and I love trying all the different appetizers. Some of the best sushi rolls in Charlotte and on Friday they are 1/2 off before 6:30. Can't beat that!
4	Don't let the name fool you.  Yes there's sushi and Asian food but they are not "fused" together with the Spanish fare and tapas.  Surprisingly, they have distinct dishes from Japanese, Vietnamese, Thai, all the way to Spanish specialties.  Once we entered during the early bird dinner time, we were quickly greeted and easily seated.  The decor was nice and probably would have been more romantic atmosphere if the sun wasn't shining outside.  However they do have an outdoor patio that I'll have to try next time.Onto the food (no tapas for our appetite): my wife and I tried the Churrasco de Cerdo, Sesame crusted ahi tuna, a Miro roll, and the tres leches cake for dessert.  Everything was delicious!  A little pricey but a social deal of $25 for 50 allowed us the courage to try the pricier dishes.  The pork was flattened but nicely seasoned with rice and beans. Ask for their hot sauce to add even more flavors. And no, I'm not referring to Texas Pete or Tabasco.  The ahi tuna was a larger portion than the norm, so at $18 I was content.  As for the desserts, they house make the tres leches cake while the others are sourced from a bakery.  So I'd suggest their tres leche cake, light and tasty and not too rich.They have daily drink specials, mostly discounted wines by the glass or half price bottles.  The surrounding Dilworth location can get cramped.  Fortunately there is a parking lot accessible beside the Harris Teeter shopping plaza behind the Dilworth Coffee.
5	Okay so my friend and I wanted to go somewhere we hadn't been before so I googled Asian restaurants nearby. It was a short drive from SouthPark Mall. We got there around 8:45pm. It's a quiet little restaurant decorated beautifully and modern. We were immediately greeted by the host, who suggested patio seating and we happily obliged since it felt amazing out. Nathan, our server, came out as soon as we were settled and said he would return with two waters. I did not order any tapas but my friend ordered the seaweed salad and ate every bite. We needed some time to look over the menu since we hadn't been there before. Nathan asked what we liked and have us suggestions. I ordered the Mongolian Fried Noodles and my friend let our server surprise her with her meal. The food came out surprisingly fast - like seven minutes. The presentation was amazing and the dishes were PHENOMENAL! We had read several reviews recommending the tres leches so, naturally, we ordered one to split. Nathan boxed up our meals (huge portions) and brought us the most delightful cake to grace my taste buds. I kid you not - we ate the cake in two minutes flat. Long story short, the food and service were amazing & we will be returning very soon!
1	I just don't get this place. Is it because I've lived in Thailand, have travelled throughout Spain and Vietnam, and am obsessed with sushi? Methinks not. I strongly believe that good food is good food, regardless of how authentic it is. Unfortunately, I've been disappointed by Zen time and time again. Sushi: not freshNoodle dishes: greasyTapas: beyond upsetting. How do you mess up patatas bravas?Hibachi: soupyService: great, but that doesn't make up for the foodAm I just ordering the wrong things? I live across the street and keep going back in hopes that I'll see what everyone else sees.
5	This place has a great atmosphere that would be perfect for date night!The patio is a nice intimate set up with great lighting. For the price the food couldn't be any better!
4	A delightful surprise as we were forced to select a different restaurant from another having a long wait. Asian was not even on my radar, but we decided to give it a try. Everything was amazing! Our server was quite attentive and informative ,very personable. My husband had a curried vegetable dish with added chicken while I chose the steak hibachi dish. Atmosphere was dim lit modern setting and the floor plan for setting flows quite well.  I will definitely stop in again for dinner!
5	We were a group of 13, with adults and kids celebrating 4 birthday's for a night out at Zen. We chose Zen because they have the best Red Dragon Sushi Roll and Tres Leches Cake in town. All of the food was amazing and the service was very attentive. Part of our party had been there before but the majority had not. We traveled from South Charlotte (30 minutes) and it was worth the drive. The servers were very friendly and did a great job accommodating our large party. Everyone in our party enjoyed their meal. Zen is a quaint and cozy restaurant tucked away off of East Boulevard serving Spanish food, great tapas and delicious sushi. Great for a date night or a family celebration. Don't miss a chance to enjoy a great meal here.
4	Filete (beef tenderloin) with blue cheese sauce was outstanding.  The pad thai was also excellent.  And the Bruce Lee appetizer - it was one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Reasonable prices, great service, good atmosphere, plenty of free parking.
