4	Jackalope Jacks is an odd place to categorize. It's too big to be a pub, and although there are plenty of tvs, not everyone is there to watch sports. It's more of a loud, crowded hangout spot.Jacks is located on 7th St., between Hawthorne's Pizza and Philosopher's Stone. The first thing I noticed when I entered was that there are many different sections to the interior. There is a dining room to the right where I've seen karaoke happening, a large bar area straight ahead, a game area with pool tables and mini-shuffleboard to the right, with another dining area linked to that.I was initially a bit confused trying to take it all in and figure out where to go.There is also a fairly spacious patio outside, which is great in warm weather and when the inside is crowded and smoky.I've never eaten here, so I can't speak to the quality of the food. The beer is nice and cold though, so that's generally good enough for me. Jacks is open 11am-2am everyday.There is a live trivia contest every Tuesday at 8:30, with $2.50 Yuengling draft and $2 Black and Tan bottles.The aforementioned karaoke debacle, I mean, event, is held on Thursday and Saturday nights starting at 10:30.
4	Jackalopes is a blend of sports, music, pool, and karaoke.  The crowd is somewhat younger, especially during the evening hours.  I ran into a lot of interesting people there, including a fellow who had just been an extra in an underground zombie movie, and he had the pictures to prove it.  Everyone loves to dance here and have a great time.  I enjoyed the beer specials and shuffleboard greatly.
4	This place is very unique and a whole lot of fun.  They have games, karaoke, music.  What more could you want?  They have a nice big bar and is actually pretty spacious, but still has a very cozy and welcoming atmosphere.  The burgers are really good, cooked really well and the toppings tasted fresh.  The people are really fun too.  Not just the staff either, the other customers are a hoot if you come in on the right night.
5	I've had many good nights at Jackalope's. I used to live in walking distance from the place, so it was one of my regular night spots. I get by there less frequently these days, but it's still one of my favorites in town.There's plenty to do, and the bar is big enough that you rarely get that icky crowded bar feeling. I hate being shoulder-to-shoulder when I'm trying to order a drink. There's big tables, and the pool and video games are fun for keeping boys entertained so you have lots of time to talk to girlfriends. That's always important.I've been around for the Thursday night karaoke, which was hilarious. I never partake in karaoke myself, but I do enjoy watching the folks who sing.
3	Ok, so I've only been here on Sunday mornings for hangover cures, so I have no idea about a normal visit or a late night visit. But if you're looking for a quick bite to eat that will somewhat help cure your hangover woes, then they have the breakfast to help you out.They have all of your normal breakfast fare, from omelets to bloody marys (if you can still stand the thought of alcohol). The food here is actually better than I thought a sports bar would have, I think you'll be surprised like I was. There really isn't anything like a big, hardy, greasy breakfast to get your day going after a long night out in the big city.The atmosphere is nice as well, as they have plenty of tvs throughout the place for great viewing of any sporting event going on. I really like the patio area, which borders 7th street so you can traffic watch while eating or drinking. I can see this place as a great hangout spot during a relaxing evening outside of the uptown bars & restaurants.Jackalope Jack's will take your hangover & attempt to squash it. They do a pretty good job with their breakfasts here & you get a lot of food for the price. The place isn't really ever too busy during the late morning/early afternoon hours, so you should get seating pretty quickly. Check it out after a long night out & you'll be pleasantly surprised.
2	Friends tell me this place is great, but my experience was only so-so. I went for a weekend breakfast a little while back, and wasn't all that excited about the service. The place was pretty crowded, which is ok, but the waiters did little to take care of this--it took forever for us to order, and even longer to get our good. AND though I ordered poached eggs with crab cakes, the dish came out without the eggs--which is pretty bad. The food was, however, pretty darn tasty, and with huge portions, which is how I like it. There's nice outdoor patio (not that that matters in this weather) which is great when it's warm. It was very packed, though, so prepare to wait if you want to sit outside. Apparently it's a fun place to go to at night, too, but I can't speak to that...yet.
2	they have amazing chili.sadly, their staff sucks and i waited 30 minutes for my sprite.lame.
4	Ski ball and alcohol!
4	This is probably one of my favorite bars in Charlotte.  Coming back for the holidays we planned a get together of friends here and everything went well.  Service was good, beer was good and affordable, and there was plenty of space.  Also the no smoking area was great!  Although I know that will be everyone like next week.  Plus they have fried pickles!  I don't like them as much as regular pickle chips, but they satisfied my craving so I can't complain!  I'll be back whenever I'm in town, I'm sure!
4	Nice Place, quality clientel, draught specials and healthy woman.
4	I love Jacks.  Not only is it a fun bar, but the food is great too!  They have lots to choose from on the menu and everything is good...especially the wraps!  In a great location on 7th street - they've expanded their outdoor seating and they have cornhole boards set up daily.  Outside on the patio for a beer on a sunny day or inside playing ski ball....either way it's a favorite!
4	Decent food, good beer, chill crowd.  I rotate between there and p-stone regularly, always a good time.
4	Jackalope Jacks was one of the first bars I visited when I moved to the Queen City 2 1/2 years ago. I frequent there often, and it's a favorite among my group of friends. The crowd is great if your looking for a group of young professionals in a casual atmosphere. Skee ball, pool, corn-hole, outdoor seating, and karaoke are among the activities you will find here. The food is great just don't order the deviled eggs, sounds like a good idea but is definitely not a menu item you should order I think at any restaurant. I tried the chicken pita the other night and I have a craving for it already. Grilled chicken in a warm pita topped with a handful of french fries, and tzatziki  yum. All in all this is a great place to hang with a crowd.....and I almost forgot they serve beer in a mason jar!
3	The food: They keep making changes to their menu. I think this is a good thing. The brunch menu is very improved. The brunch food is heavy though and appears to be designed only for people with a hangover from the night before.The tots are yummy- add cheese and onions to them.The BBQ is gross. Seriously? Why did I order BBQ at an Australian pub (twice!)? That is totally my fault though. The fried pickles are weak (go to Penguin for fried pickles)My husband swears by the black and blue quesadilla.Typical for the area: Friday night and Saturday nights are overwhelming, obnoxious and something to avoid (unless you are on the prowl). Not the best bar food- but a good place to go (especially for the world cup)
4	Thursdays are also karaoke night and with such a wide array of talent on stage, this makes for one entertaining bar. The eclectic mix of songs performed allowed us sing along with Oasis, laugh to the Bloodhound Gang, cry to Journey and sip gin and juice with Snoop. I'm not mad at the host for ending the night by singing  "who's gonna drive you home" either. Quite fitting eh?With an army of industrial fans working on the patio, drinking outside on "hot summer nights" becomes bearable and actually pleasant.Hooray for fans.
2	The food here - ug - I am not sure what is up with this place.  Maybe the menu is too big?  Dont bother eating at this place - it seriously tastes like fastfood nightmare on steroids.  The items on the menu sound great but when you get them you realize it is just re-heated crap from the freezer.  I would say just drink here and have fun karaoke-ing but the service is so bad you may as well BYOB.  Yes the waitresses are cute but get your drinks while you see them cause they wont be back to check on you or get another round!  I have only been here 3 times and hope maybe to check it out a few months from now and add more stars :-(
4	Reasonable drink prices and an ok bar food menu, don't exect anything special.
4	Sometimes it's just nice to belly up to a bar or a long table and take in some scary bad karaoke and dine on some tasty bar bites. So, for these intents & purposes, Jackalope Jacks fills the void. And it fills it well, too, if I may add. A few yelpers and I dropped by Jack's after a OYE just down the street. Many of these fabulous yelpers had already had their fair share of al-co-ma-hol, so they were already in great spirits when we arrived. What I became privy to was a few bits of fabulousness:1) Jackalope Jack's dishes out a pretty tasty gyro. Similar to Showmars style if that's what you dig. 2) Tater tots FTW. Definitely get the tots - they are delish. Just ask Jay R. - he ordered two baskets full of them, plus 14 PBRs. But that's another story completely. 3) The karaoke is pretty hysterical. Yeah, you'll hear a few folks who can actually sing, but it's the experience of hearing those who cannot sing that really makes this a gem. I haven't been here when it's super low key, but I imagine it's a solid bar to grab some grub and hear some random dude sing I'm Too Sexy...which is even more inappropriate when he's in a priest getup and humping the microphone. Here's hoping that's only during Halloween weekend...
3	Is it ok to call this place JJ's? If not, too bad, as it's too long to type out. Been here a few times, though not a frequent visitor. Nice bar layout, with the bar located in the center of the place, with seating areas on either side, as well as out front near the cornhole area. Beer is cheap...$1.75 for PBR cans...awesome deal (right Jay R)! Ordered the fish & chips on my recent visit and it was ok...a little too fried for me. Tatar tots were good though! Server was very busy, but very attentive, which was nice as we weren't forgotten about. Went on karaoke night, which was hysterical. Only downside is that we were sitting right next to the stage and it made for some interesting viewing. All and all a decent hangout place offering something for everyone!
3	Jackalope Jack's is a good little spot.  Definitely more of a chill hang out and have a good time with friends bar versus a "scene."  I went to trivia on Tuesday and the crowd was intimate but seemed to be filled with regulars.  The trivia was pretty challenging and legit.  I didn't try the food but my friends who did said it is pretty standard bar fare.
3	Jackalope Jacks.  Much like the mythical beast for which it is named, this establishment almost defies description.For starters, it isn't the easiest place to find, especially as the night grows later.  As you drive by on 7th Street - perhaps more than once - the lyrics from Tag Team will undoubtedly go through your mind (Whoomp!  There it is!) as you figure out how to turn around, how to get to the parking lot, which lot to park in, then how to get into the place.  Once you manage that, you are most of the way there.Once inside, it is still a bit of a maze.  It's like you've stepped into another dimension, as this place seems much larger on the inside than the outside.  On one side is the karaoke.  Make sure you check it out if you can.  On the the other side is the game room.  Straight ahead is more of a bar area.  All around is a massive crowd.  Somewhere in the midst are the restrooms.As to service?  Friendly and decent, if not especially quick.  Food?  Adequate bar food, but the only thing distinguishing here are the tator tots.  Check them out if you get a chance.  You may want to double up, but you get a good-sized order, so take it easy if you aren't sure.
4	Nothing great, but a step up for bar food, that's for sure!  I love getting the chicken finger wrap (grilled instead of fried, with buffalo sauce).  Their tater tots are some of the best in town too!  I had a bad experience with trivia there once (the hostess told us we were not allowed to cheer and that we needed to be quiet, cause she gets annoyed by loud noises...REALLY?!?!?  I think they fired her).  They have a few ski ball games and I once stopped in on "League Night" and ended up playing for a while in a legue for free...still not sure how that happened.  Oh...and beer in a mason jar, gotta love that!
3	I did not eat any food, but I did enjoy the bar atmosphere and getting served, even though it was crowded, was not a problem.  The bartender was friendly and fast.  The karaoke was a little tough on the ears, so we stayed out of that room and enjoyed the football games on TV on the other side.  Overall, it was a good place to go for more late night drinking...
4	I would say Jack's is a neighborhood staple!I've never eaten here but the beers are always cold and there's always something on special.  I've never really been there when the place wasn't packed although it's usually mostly guys, but that's pretty much the norm in Charlotte.  The karaoke machine is always on and don't forget your quarters for the skeeball!
3	Ok adding a star here, I have been here more recently and the service has improved!  It is a fun-feeling bar and I always have a good time playing skeeball or pool.  Way to go guys!
3	3 stars as a restaurant 4 as a bar.BTW:I apologize for my lackluster previous review.  When I first discovered yelp I went for quantity, not quality.So this place used to be Jack Straw's which was probably THE best music venue the the town has ever "scene".  Well its not that place anymore.  Its still worth visiting and has more than just a bar or restaurant vibe to it.  On nice sunny days the deck is beautiful.We had a going away party for a friend today.  We made reservations for 30 for Sunday brunch.  Only place in town with a mimosa deal that would take a crowd like us.  You would think that they would maybe tell a couple of extra servers to come in at least for the hour or 2 we were there.  We had 2 servers for our group and they also had other tables.  They did well, but felt I pretty bad for the other tables.The brunch menu was large, but mostly it was just slight variations on eggs and meat with some major exceptions.  It was a cheaply made paper menu, but the one thing that stood out "the hangover" which was a breakfast sandwich on a doughnut.  But, they don't serve it anymore, even though it was on this cheaply made menu.  I tasted many peoples dishes, they were good but over priced.  Everything was roughly $9 except for biscuits and gravy and french toast.  Although, the $2 mimosa's and $4 bloody mary's is hard to beat.All in all, this place has a history that it doesn't live up to.  Its good, but plenty of other places to go.Side notes:Parking lot sucks, but its made up by the fact that they have SKEEBALL!!!!!!!!!!
4	I went been going to Jacks now for about five years and after going there over the weekend I realized that I have never reviewed the restaurant. Jacks certainly has changed over the past few years. Not only have they changed the format inside but also the clientele has changed as well. Ultimately one thing has not changed.... Jacks is simply a city staple. You are pretty much going to have a great time with your friends when going to Jacks. In particular they are always jamming on the weekends with good live entertainment. They still have a game room that seems like it is always changing. Unfortunately I love shuffle board and it seems they have replaced the shuffle board with ski ball. Jack's I love you but I miss the ski ball.
3	This place overall has pros and cons, but overall, I had a great time. SERVICE: Slllllow. Well, slow if you're sitting outside. Have not experienced the indoor service as of yet. Had to go in and ask for our waitress a majority of the time.ENTERTAINMENT: Awesome, guys. Love me some patio action with some corn hole and watching my VCU v. Butler game on two wide screen plasmas outside. Good location.DRINKS: We spend a decent chunk of time there, so drinks are as follows:Bloody Marys: Crappy. Weak, and not enough hot.Margaritas: Also crappy Very syrupy, and very weak.PBR buckets: Can't really go wrong there.And the winner of the night and my new all-time favorite is....:BAILEY'S BAR SHAKE WITH VANILLA ICE CREAM. May or may not have been the highlight of my night. Dunno why I've never thought to make one, but these things are friggin delicious. Hope it catches on in other establishments (hint hint, nudge nudge). FOOD: The teriyaki chicken skewers are deeeelicious. Great, great bar food. Wish they had more options like this at other places instead of just either having fried or nachos. Kudos, Jackalope. Also, the onion rings were delicious and you get a ton.. Heard compliments on the gyros as well.OVERALL: Will be back for the shake, but will probably attempt a stronger one at home for myself. Great place to bring some friends and hang though, will defintiely be back!
4	Note:  I came here for brunch, and the brunch I shall review. It's happened to us all.  You were out drinking on Saturday night.  You may or may not have slept on your friend's couch.  You wake up on Sunday around 1 with a hangover and a burning desire for something delicious in your belly.  Everyone piles in the car, protesting at the brightness of that damn sun, giggling, still a little delirious from the night before.  If this ever happens to you, and you're in the area, I feel totally confident suggesting you go to jackelope jack's for the best meal of all:  BRUNCH.  an excuse to eat breakfasty food and drink alcohol to cure your hangover/start a new buzz going.  while some people are in church worshipping the lord, i am a devotee at the altar of the mimosa.  we sat outside, much to my chagrin...but you kind of have to on a day as beautiful as this particular sunday.  despite following the shade under the umbrella as the afternoon lengthened and more drinks were ordered, my vampire skin burnt to a crisp, but everything was so delicious it was totally worth it.  I got a mimosa, natch, and the three-cheese omelet.  It was cheddar, provolone, and some other cheese I don't remember.  It came out with some of the best home fries i've ever had, along with a side of bacon which was cooked perfectly.  Everyone else's meals looked similarly delectable.  I wish I had thought to take a picture because it was a damn attractive plate of food.    The only snag was when we ordered pancake shots (jameson+frangelica chased with orange juice...seriously tastes EXACTLY like a pancake.)  and there was no frangelica...a rude awakening, that.  no one needs a shot of straight jameson to the face before they've even had their coffee.  (at least, not me or my friends...)  but they quickly fixed the problem and comped us the shots.  So to wrap up this epic screed, if you're hungover, looking to get drunk again in the day without feeling guilty (the Rules Of Brunch) go by Jackelope Jack's.  get the pancake shots.  sure, they cost as much as my omelet, but who doesn't love getting drunk on pancakes!?
3	I've been headed here a lot more often lately so I thought it was prime time to write a review.  I like this place for a few reasons - my primary reason is the GAMES!!!  From cornhole, ski ball (it's back for those that missed it for a while), to foosball it's a game player's delight!  This bar comes equipped with a quarter machine so you don't have to keep bugging the bartenders.  Jack's is also well known for their karaoke.  I'm appreciative that this goes on in a separate room from the bar area.  If you've never been to the karaoke here it's pretty cool but after a while, you get to know the regulars and it loses its spark.The bar is pretty small and it can get crowded around midnight.  I've never had a horrible time getting a drink but gender may play a part in that one!  The crowd is laid back but it can actually feel like a meat market at times.  Lots of boys staring down the girls but without the grinding of the uptown clubs.I've had the food here a twice.  I'm a huge fan of the tater tots.  Other than that, it's above average bar food.  After 11 - 11:30 on a Friday or Saturday it gets sticky finding a spot.  Many people park across the street when things start to overflow.
4	It is another good bar spot outside of Uptown. Fitting right in with the 7th St. niche, it is low key and relaxed. Jackalope Jacks offers plenty of beer and food options with above average food which is a complement for a pub.Jackalope Jacks always seems to offer the "extras" so you don't have to go just for the drinks. With outdoor cornhole and music and indoor games including skeeball, it already adds more character than most bars. Add to it trivia and karaoke nights and this place should be in the regular rotation for those wanting to grab a drink with friends.
2	ONLY good for drinks, food is very bland & unappeasing how can anyone go wrong with a Philly cheese steak??? will not be returning!
4	Great neighborhood bar. The food is actually pretty good for bar food. Try the BLTA (bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado) (also with the option to add turkey) & potato salad as a side. (my favorite) Very friendly servers & bartenders! They also have an awesome rewards program with free food & free $$$ (alcohol included)
4	All these years of going to Jack's and I never wrote a review... bad Peggy!  This is my neighborhood spot, whenever I don't feel like fighting the crowd uptown, or driving all the way to BFE, or if I simply crave some karaoke fun (Thursday-Saturday), I'll venture my way to here.  It's a solid place for night time fun: good bar food, beer specials, skeeballs, pool, patio etc.  However, I am writing this review specifically for the Sunday brunch experience.  I never know they have a brunch menu until yesterday.  And there are very good choices.  I narrowed down to 3 items... and the winner was (drum roll please) REDNECK GARBAGE PLATE.  I mean, cmon, who can say no to a big pile of tater, scramble eggs topped with cheese, fried chicken tenders and smothered with gravy!  And this was a $8 monster.  I swear I took 3 eating breaks and still couldn't finish it (and for those who don't know me, I'm known to chow down).  I didn't even touch the biscuit.  It was delicious if not a bit heart attack inducing.  I had to adjust my car seat and lean back in order to digest while driving off.  And FYI, they have about 6 or so more garbage plate options... but I love gravy and redneck I was.My only 2 complaints are: 1. service tends to be more miss than hit at Jack's; 2. stop being stingy with the mimosa, I swear that's the smallest cup ever, what happened to the wine glass?! I do have to say good job with the outdoor seating (with tents and fans set up).  And I have my eyes on the crepe next time, so bet'cha I'll be back
2	JJ's is a crowded mess of a place on a busy night, and that's all right.  I'm not so into the frat-tastic scene, so this is not really a place I would frequent, though I recognize its utility.The only reason I went with the two start rating is that I went to JJ's for karaoke (there really aren't a lot of karaoke joints in Charlotte, are there?), and I was really disappointed.  I went with several people, and most of us signed up for karaoke, but as we waited hour after hour, the guy running the show picked the same few people over and over to get up and sing.  It was really tacky.  Some of those people sang three or four times, while people who had signed up earlier were skipped.That's no way to run karaoke.  And because the rest of the bar doesn't really appeal to me, I guess I won't be back.
4	I had the monttery burger. W/o the bbq sauce. It was gooood! Good fries too (seasoned). Good atmosphere. Typical bar. We ate @ 6:45 pm or so on a wensday and good atmosphere to bring a 12 y/o.
4	I like Jacks and here's why : 1) you almost never pay exorbitant prices for pretty decent beer. There are specials galore to be had.2) It's low key (patio) or pretty amped up (karaoke room) depending on where you sit in the bar - so any kind of night is bound to be had here. 3) walking distance from home- and pet-friendly outdoor area makes it a great option for me. 4) Fast, friendly service...they even hooked me up with some freebee shots for the ladies when I checked in on yelp!5) Fun game options are available for you if that's your thing- if it's not you can always sit and listen to live music The food is pretty standard bar fare - but I will say the Sunday mimosas are delicious ...I've heard good things about the brunch. Jacks will always be a local dive that I frequent!
4	Jackalope's still isn't exactly my type of bar, but they've got a good beer selection, and that gets the job done.I'm boosting my rating, which was low before based mostly on their dysfunctional karaoke, because they cared enough to respond and do something about it.Customer service goes a long, long way with me and I'm sure with other patrons.  So four stars it is, and best of luck with the new location on Pecan Ave.!
1	First of, let me clarify... this is an one incident bad enough to warrant its own 1-star (if I can give zero, I would) review.After the Yelpy Award night, a few of us decided to get a bite and a drink to keep the party going.  It was about 10pm when we arrived, not late by any means for a bar.  We ordered food and drinks.  We were aware that our waitress is new (3 day old).  The service was a little slow, but what the heck, we're having a good time talking.  Then it dawned on us that it's REALLY REALLY SLOW.  As in 45, 50 minutes later we still haven't had food, and the waitress had barely came by. The place was virtually empty.  It doesn't take almost an hour to fix a few sandwich wraps and fries.  Plus people don't order food at 10pm unless they are just-got-out-of-prison hungry!  We started to voice out loud our frustration, I mean, last I checked I'm in the US and I have the freedom of speech to say whatever the heck I want as long as I don't scream "Fire!" in a crowded theater (I know I learned something in school...).  There was another waitress out on the patio doing clean up work.  And before we knew it, she HUFFED and PUFFED right by us and said LOUD ENOUGH for us to hear "F$#K, YALL ARE KILLING ME"I am not sure which school of waitressing this chick came from, but I'm damn sure that's unacceptable at anywhere.  And boy she picked the wrong table to F with... a table full of Yelpers?!  We eat for a living and we sure as heck have an opinion and the whole darn world is going to hear about it. Man, I was pissed... this chick done got my neck-twisting, finger-snapping side out of me.A NOTE TO MANAGEMENT (if you are reading): 1. Please tell your waitresses to NEVER be so rude to your customers. NEVER, no exception, even if the customer was rude (which we weren't).  I waited tables, so I had rude customers, go b!tch in the kitchen.  2. Keep your tables informed if there's some unusual wait time.  How the heck would we know you had a big take-out order if you don't tell us?  Let us decide if we want to wait (thus forfeit our right to complain) or not wait.  3. The F word is to be never used at any table for any reason whatsoever by your staff!    This is one of my fav spots in town, and it was such a disappointment to have to encounter this myself (on an empty Wednesday night to say the least).  I have sticked my neck out plenty of times for this place, and now I can't even use my usual line "I never had bad service here, ever" anymore
4	So I went to Jack's today for the special which was fish tacos.  I didn't expect them to be fried but, they were still quite tasty.  The batter was a simple beer batter (i asked) and super crispy!  My friend also thought his were good. The side was rice & beans  with a little kick.  I like kick! So, I liked them. I wasn't impressed with the tea since it tasted instant, I'm from the south & a self~proclaimed tea expert ;)  but our bartender had no problem switching my drink out for something else.  The bartender was great, made a good bloody mary, sorry we didn't catch her name. We went in around 1, and it wasn't busy, so we got to speak with her and the owner a bit and they really made us feel welcome.  Definitely putting it in the lunch rotation, 'cause it was good stuff.
4	Such a fun bar! Love to go here. Always have good beer specials. Cheap champagne :)  Good food, good brunch.
3	Stopped in here for a late lunch one day and had there burger and fries. Everything was great and we will go back. Looks like they have a whole lot to offer the night crowds especially on the weekends.
5	I'm gonna keep this short and sweet.                                         Bullet Point Style!!!!-  If I lived closer I'd be here all the time -  If you live close and aren't there all the time, then we aren't friends-  This place gets 5 stars because it knows what it is and does it perfectly.-  Jacks gets 5 stars because they don't price gouge you for quality food and/or libations.-  While I don't agree with him 70% of the time the owner is active and vocal on facebook, and is, at the very least, informed.-  Everything (with VERY few exceptions) is American made at Jacks.-  There are gamesThat's it, check it out if you haven't. Over and out.
1	Had a really bad experience at this place today.  The waitress was so unfriendly and rude and the food came out cold, plus she got the order wrong for 2 of the 8 people in the group.  We complained to the manager, but he was pretty much useless and simply asked what we wanted him to do about it.  I won't be going back to this place, and neither will the 7 others with me.
4	I ended up at this neighborhood bar three days in a row somehow, and I had few complaints. The bartenders (courtney and jared) were great, really amiable people, and the daily specials were pretty tasty. I wasn't too thrilled to find that the ladies stalls in the bathrooms have no hooks, since I don't go anywhere without my purse, and the interior sound was a little loud for me, but overall a good experience and a place I'll be planning on frequenting.
4	This is my go-to bar/restaurant because it has so much to offer. Games, Karaoke and Trivia are always happening indoors, with a plethora of TV's for your sporting needs. Outdoors, there are essentially 2 levels of seating: One right along 7th Street where there are plenty of tables and chairs with umbrellas at most of them, and a covered deck with longer tables that is great for bigger groups. They also have a big cornhole set, which is tucked to the left of the place (if you're facing it), keeping you safe from cars.They allow dogs on both parts of the deck, which is why we come here often with our little Boston Terrier. They always bring a water bowl and a treat or two, and they are super nice about if the dog bowl spills, which happens often with my rambunctious pup.The food is actually really good. They must double-fry their french fries because they are THE BEST. Super crunchy, not too greasy. Their tots and sweet potato tots are also awesome! I love their hummus, wraps, and most of their sandwiches. Also, Sunday Brunch is outta this world if you're hurting from the night before. Hello garbage plates!Drink-wise, I have only stuck to beer. Yuengling now sponsors the Mason Jars so they cannot serve anything but in them. That makes me sad. I hope they get Bud Light back in the jars, or some other large vessel!All in all, the service is usually really good, the food is really good for bar food, and you can almost always find a table when it's busy.
4	A walk from my house so we frequent this place often! Although the parking sucks and theres always crazy people driving on 7th st, I like this place. We've karaoked here before and played corn hole as well its a place packed with lots of fun!
5	Jack's is my go-to place if I want to go out to eat, but don't have plans elsewhere. Their huge patio is a super dog-friendly, so I get to bring my pups with me if the weather cooperates. Their food is surprisingly good for a place most people think of more as a bar than a restaurant. My default is the avocado chicken salad, but if I'm feeling a splurge I love the chicken finger wrap with sweet potato tots. Divine. They also have a fabulous brunch on the weekends. If you need to recover after overindulging, I highly recommend the garbage plate. It's got everything you need to make your stomach a happy camper.Even more important than a good atmosphere and good food, is the fact that Jacks loves to give back to the community. Almost every non-profit group I'm a part of has held some kind of fundraiser at Jacks and we've always had a great time. I love supporting businesses that support the people (and animals) of Charlotte.
3	Oh Jackalope Jack's. I've been here a few times for drinks and karaoke...which is very fun. The atmosphere is awesome...at night. For drinks.We went by this Sunday evening for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the BBQ sandwich (which I had been craving) and my bf ordered a kobe burger...neither of which they had. Really?! So we both settled on something else while we were snacking on our nachos. He ended up getting a regular burger that was charred and the inside of the bun was black. They got him a new one...but still No apologies for anything. This is the second time they have been out of something, although last time it was just one person's meal that they didn't have.The waitress was decent. We ran out of our drinks a couple of times and had to ask for refills.Go for beer. Not food. Or service.
3	I thought the brunch was just okay. The french toast was overcooked and the sausage patties were dry. I was starving so I ate it all anyway. I'd give it less stars if it weren't for the great outside dining area.
5	I'm new to the area, and have been looking for the perfect spot to call my own since I moved here. Well, that place has turned out to be Jackalope Jacks and I'm pretty excited about it. I have tried many things off the menu on our weekly visit, and I have yet to be dissapointed. They add something to everything, that I'm just assuming is canned deliciousness, and that's just fine by me. I knew this was the place for me, when we walked up and people had their pups sitting by their side on the patio. They have the deck area with the fans that blow mist, and that's pretty great on a hot day, it's like my own personal sprinkler, and if I closed my eyes long enough, I'd be wisked away to days of my childhood with the sprinkler spraying on me. Ah, memories... Oh.. crap, I'm getting off track here...But I love everything about Jacks, from the ski ball, to the chalkboard wall bathrooms, to the selection of drinks and food. I will be there for Karaoke one night and I'm sure I'll make lots of new friends who will feel the same way about this awesome place :P
4	Favorite place in Charlotte! We go here all the time, and love the atmosphere. They have all times of games - skeeball, pool, pop-a-shot and cornhole. There are always drink specials, and karaoke if you like that. The outside patio is huge, so definitely check them out! Parking can be a little scarce, but that applies to the whole neighborhood. Most people walk or cab it anyway.
4	This is a great place for night time drinks.  The bartenders are attentive and know how to make a good cocktail.  The place is spacious and offers an outdoor seating area and another smaller bar area outside of the main bar/game room area.  Speaking of games, there's a variety: pool, skee ball, etc...I haven't sampled anything from the food menu yet, but based on conversations with other patrons it's pretty decent bar food.
2	In the past two weeks I have been here thrice- on twice on a weekend evening and once on a weeknight. I love the proximity, the indoor/outdoor seating, the goat cheese on the CaliCali burger....I do not like the atrocious service. Servers consistently go MIA, never bring waters or refills, or your check or your credit card back.This location is walking distance to my home and the service has always been hit or miss but when you overhear other diners commenting on how slow the service is you know that this isn't just an occasional issue.
3	Saturday night karaoke is pretty clutch! Bill the dj is great. Jacks' food is ok, nothing special but good pub food. Jackalope's is always a good time!
3	Jackalope Jack's is pretty solid in terms of decor, but the food is exactly as Yelp states for the 3-star rating: A-OK. I got the chicken avocado salad, which was very interesting, as it featured fresh greens, feta cheese, and the like. It was decent, but I think the drinks definitely outweigh the food in this case. Regardless, I'll probably come back at some point since we gotta support local!
4	I always drive by it on 7th street, but got to try it the other night for a casual get-together for a bachelor party.  Was a little leery of the parking situation, but there is plenty in the back.  7th street can be a pretty busy street with pedestrians and cars so just slow down and be cautious!  There have already been a few incidents with drunk drivers and pedestrians in this part of town.It was a large group of us so we took up a corner of the patio/deck area and had our own "private" tv to watch the ball game on.  Our waitress was nice and handled our group pretty well.  We ended up ordering some onion rings and nachos... both good appetizers for sharing and a large crowd.We eventually had dinner there as well.  I tried the country fried chicken with jalapeno mac and cheese... of course fried okra.  The chicken was cooked nicely with some great breading (light) and gravy - not drowning in it... just right.  The okra was perfect... again nice light breading to make it fried goodness with the okra nice and cooked inside.  Mac and cheese was good.  Overall I thought the food was above "bar food status"..... it is a bit on the higher end of the $$ end, but well worth it.Later we partook in skeeball and shooting some hoops.  Good times had by all.
4	Jacks is a great bar to hang out with your friends, drink many fancy drinks, and play games! Jacks has a pretty decent sized menu that has something for most types of eaters, omnivores and herbivores a like! The roasted pepper hummus makes for a great appetizer everyone can enjoy.Jacks has a full bar, along with several specialty drinks that you can get made in big honkin' mason jars. I normally don't do flavored drinks, but they are really tasty and you only need one to calm your spirits.Also, what better to do when your drinking than play games! It's no Dave and Busters, but Jacks does have several fun games to occupy your time there. There is plenty of seating, unless it's a weekend night, in which case the place can get pretty packed. Jacks is definitely a good time for all!
4	I've just moved to the Elizabeth neighborhood and so I knew I needed to check out one of the several popular restaurants there. I've been to Jack's about 3 times now and am definitely a fan. For lunch one day I enjoyed a very fine hamburger. I've also sat at the bar and ordered take out. The staff - especially the bartenders - are always very welcoming. The atmosphere is great - typical grill with TVs, juke box, soccer team stuff. Fun. The good food and nice staff are worth enjoying.
3	It's a little far from where I live but my friends all love it so much I often find myself there.  The food is okay at best. The service is the same. What makes this place is the entertainment.  Karaoke on most nights is great. Skeet ball, corn hole and other games are always a pleasure.
4	I have never been to JackLopes when I've had a bad server. Everyone is very welcoming. Jack's is a really good neighborhood bar with a good soccer (and other sports) viewing scene. The decor is (formally) smokey chic with strange things hanging from the ceiling. Their hamburgers are some of the best I've had. Go! Go Now!
3	I'm verrrrrrrrrry disappointed to change my rating of Jacks. When I first moved here it was my go to place for just about everything. We were literally going 3 to 5 times a week. After awhile we noticed that the service was just starting to lack and the food was going a little down hill. We went for a brunch once and whatever I got was horrible, and so was the service. Our server never even came back to check on us, and the bartender ended up being the one to give us our bill. I was pretty disappointed. The last 4 times we went I just felt it wasn't the same Jacks I fell in love with and bragged so much about. They recently changed their menu and they basically took off everything that I  went there for!! I guess that explains why the stuff I got tasted pretty crappy the last few times I'd gone... maybe they were just fazing it out? I don't know but honestly I can say I will not jump for joy to go eat there again. The only thing they have left that I'd even get slightly excited about is the black bean quesadilla. :( Now Jacks will pretty much just be my place for a karaoke night out. Really really bummed to have to change my review. I hardly EVER have done that.
5	This is my go to place on the weekends. Jacks has great drinks, a relaxed atmosphere and a diverse crowd. My friends and I come for karaoke on Fridays. The karaoke is closed off in it's own section so the doors can be closed. There's a pool table and a few other dames. The drinks are amazing. Staff is always friendly. I love, love, love Jackalopes!
3	I'll admit that I was dying to come here after I saw this place featured on the travel channel. I ended up ordering their mexi-cali burger with a side of tater tots. It was good but nothing spectacular. I didn't think it was worth it to upgrade the patty to a kobe beef one because I figured it would've been too greasy at that point (kobe beef has a high fat content which is why it's so tasty) but I might try it one day. The mexi-cali was tasty but I didn't think it was necessary to deep fry the jalapeno rings. Our table split an order of fried pickles and they were pretty tasty though very salty (of course because they're pickles). They weren't the little pickle rings but rather the long flat pickle strips. If you aren't watching your sodium intake I'd give them a try. Overall the food was just average. Perhaps if I were more of a drinker I would like it more but the burger was about on par with what you could order from a Five Guys. The wait staff is super friendly and very efficient when we were there but it was also a pretty slow day.
4	Nice place to hang out with friends and go karaoking! The place is rowdy, not enough seating area if you don't come early (9pm is safe to grab a drink and wait til karaoke starts).Although this place is not my preferred place to go sing, since the venue is blah. But at least the crowd is good, they have games to play - darts, billiards, basketball, and something that you roll with the ball and knock into the center either in 0, 10, 20, or 50 pointers. My friends liked it, so that's good enough for me.
3	Fun place with a good vibe.  My friends and I like the skee ball and the other games they have.  The bar staff always makes delicious drinks.  Overall, a good stop when bar hopping in Elizabeth.
5	I come here every once in a while and when I do, I think "why don't I come here more often?" This place always has a lively atmosphere and the staff is always great....and not too hard on the eyes. "Hey, who said that?!" The paninis here are delicious and I like that I can get tater tots with them. The beer selection is good and its easy to strike up a conversation with a stranger. The clientele are regular folks with regular jobs. This place is probably the best place in elizabeth for a relaxing NO DRAMA atmosphere.
3	Huh?? I thought I already wrote a review for Jackalope! Wait...Maybe I was kind of drunk when I wrote it, and didn't post it...maybe...Well lets get the show on the road, shall we?Jackie is a great place to hangout with buddies, since it's a really casual bar. So you can go there right after work.Since, if you're like me, who once go home is too lazy to go out. lolTheir drinks are good, depending on which one you're getting though. Do not, and I mean Do NOT get Eskimo Slugger. I had it and gosh, it was awful! It tasted like cough medicine! However the four drinks I had afterward tasted pretty good. I would recommend on getting Sex on The Beach, if you're a gal who like "girly" drinks that has a punch or two to it, like myself! lol I haven't try their foods yet so I can't tell you how good it is, sorry! (I'll write another review about the food) Now on to the service. Their staffs is pretty nice. The bartender, John, was pretty cool. He even remembered my name! Well, he said I kill my drinks... It's not my fault that I can drink five glasses fast without getting wasted... And no, I'm not an alcoholic. LolOverall, Jackie is a pretty cool place that has nice staffs, and good drinks. Also they even have billiard there and some other games to play. Oh yeah! They have karaoke night on Friday, which is really entertaining! Especially when the singer isn't good, then you just want to sing with them too!
3	Typically I love Jack's, it's always one of my go to brunch spots since it's so close to my house and the atmosphere is great.Yesterday wasn't the best experience I've ever had.  We got there at 11:15 with a group of 7, we quickly got a table outside however it took quite sometime for us to get a waitress.  We put in some appetizer orders (wings and nachos) those both came out at separate time, about 30 mins apart.  We ordered our lunch and it took forever!  I remember looking at my watch at it was 12:30...the only thing making this wait see okay was the fact that we could indulge in some cold beverages. Our food was okay, not one to complain when I'm starving, but only a couple plates came out with the rights/toppings and the presentation was pretty slack.Not to say I'll never go back, however I might do a quick drive by to see how packed it is before hand.
3	It's been a loooong time since I visited Jack's for bar night; this review is about their Sunday brunch.We tried to go to Jack's a few weeks ago for Sunday brunch, and we got there at 10:35 since their website and Facebook pages both said they open at 10:30.  We got there and the hours on the door said 11:00 a.m. Sunday.  Argh.  Consistency in publicizing hours seems like the easiest thing a restaurant/bar can do, so that stuck in my craw, especially since I was starving.We went again today - at 11:15 - and the place was about halfway full.  Our hostess and waitress were nice, the food selection was great and the prices were almost too low for what you get.  I ordered the Hungry Jack - two eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes AND pancakes for $8.99.  For all that food, I would've expected to pay a lot more!  Fella got the Chicken Biscuit, and I think it was an entire fried chicken with a fried egg on a biscuit; it also came with taters or grits.  All in all, a good experience, but I just felt like I was eating breakfast in a bar that the nightly attendees had just stumbled out of a couple of hours before.  I love Jack's as a bar, but as a breakfast restaurant, it's still dark and dingy with nighttime bar music playing, which just isn't my favorite on a Sunday morning.  For my money, their other joint - The Peculiar Rabbit - is a much better brunch option.
3	OK I love Jacks and I will still continue to go but now only when I can sit outside. The problem? The place is beginning to smell like an absolute sewer! This use to be the case for the ladies restroom only but it has spread and I can now smell it throughout the entire bar/restaurant. Now I get it Jack's is not about the pomp and frill, but come on fix your sewer issue, it's just plain gross. Anyway, they still have excellent prices on drinks, and decent bar food but I will  be relegated to the patio from here on out. I hope they fix this soon : (
5	Very good food! We ended up here because a restaurant we wanted to try was too busy. This was a great chance to try Jackalope Jack's. Everyone's food was great and the waitress was very personable. Hardly anyone was in the restaurant so she was very attentive and the food was great. If I'm ever in the Charlotte area again around lunchtime I will definitely go back.
4	Went for the first time this past weekend. It was a beautiful day so we sat outside on the patio, which is really nice!   Our waitress was really sweet, attentive & offered good suggestions for the menu.  Pita chips that were served with hummus were warm and soft.  I asked for the quesadillas without the meat and she suggested a black bean and corn substitute which came out fantastic!!!  My Husband got the wings and being picky when it comes to wings, he really enjoyed them!  You can play skeet ball, shoot hoops or pay a dollar to punch a bag if you need to release some frustration.  Bathrooms were clean and decked in wall graffiti which I always find cool.  Food, drinks, vibes and atmosphere- all awesome!
4	Jackalope Jack's is seldom an intended destination of mine, but I tend to wind up there frequently. I'm of the NoDa/Midwood ilk, and Jack's clearly appeals to a different layer of the Charlotte nightlife substrata. It's in that spot that kind of slithers through the 7th street skein that extends the uptown vibe, with well-kempt preppie sorts who seem to carry themselves a little more rigid and a little more sexy than what I'm typically accustomed to, down toward midwood, where things get a little more artsy and dirty. Were it not situated next to Cajun Queen (one of my fave restaurants in the area), I might never have embraced it. But, I'm glad I did. Last time I visited, I was in a peculiar mood - a bit post-dinner punchdrunk and a touch infatuated with one particular lady in our crew. As we walked in, I offered her a joking warning: "I kind of hate this place. Every time I come here, I wanna fight every guy in here." She giggled. "Please don't pick a fight." I shrugged.It was early spring, a Saturday night, cool enough to let us all feel the hot breaths between us. Jack's was full up with others of my temperament, if not my type - sparkly dressed young halters barstooling the corner wall to the left of the taps... clean-shaven, sideways-hat-wearin' mid-20s guys with tough-lookin' shoulders and ill-fitting pants, and then a mix of just fun-loving casuals filling up the game-room - punching bags and rolling skiballs and shooting pool and all that. Karaoke was happening pretty hardcore in the far room, in that odd space where the perimeter is stationed by dinner patrons putting back their plates of wings and burgers and meatball skewers... their platters of thick-breaded fish and chips, chili-mac stuffed grilled cheeses, boats of brew and tall frosty glasses... beneath those dim and fast-spinning lights, and all around before and about them awkward groovers dancing and laughing and just getting in the way. The melodic singalongs make hard transitions from 90s hip-hop to early 2000s country hits back down to 80s synth and then back up to modern club songs. As I head-bobbed my way through some spirited, if not off-key, renditions of Baby Got Back and Friends in Low Places, I really started to feel it. But then this fellow, this stately older gentlemen in a white button down tucked purposefully into his khaki pants, who seemed so out of place he became almost perfect for it, stepped up and started crushing the karaoke stage... booming southern croon spilling out with silk and baritone the most romantic of old-school ballads. Barely-legals rushed to hug him and kiss his cheeks as he posed for photos between songs. Then the ole chap busted out a trumpet and the whole bar just lost its mind. I eased in behind my girl and rubbed her shoulders and put my chin to her wild, over-spilling hair. "This guy's killing it!" I said. She leaned back and nodded.I wedged my way in at the corner of the bar to signal for the next round. Jack's is never not busy. And the bartenders crush it. I'm starting to learn their routine... There's the tall handsome guy - with the veiny forearms and floppish sandy blond bangs falling sideways over his chiseled face. He owns the taps, skilled with a fast, low-head pour. Then there's the feisty little goldilocks with the tiny hands and the tight skin who fetches glasses and mixes cocktails so deft and nimble it's like she's weaving a tapestry. You never wait long, you never have to shout your order twice, and you're always greeted with a smile shot from a face as impossibly happy as your own.My crew ended up at the tables out front, our goosebumped skin soaking in the chilled night air. Our gins n' tonics and vodkas n' sodas and jacks n' cokes were all well proportioned, filled tall, and serviced with pride. Occasional flat-glasses of straight melon vodka elevated our warm cheeks and the mingling conversations of music and groomsmanship took things further. The other patio guests, faces soft-lit under the scattered amber of the rope-light bulbs strung up under the taupe umbrellas, seemed to all be settled into an evening of similar condition - young, happy, free and easy to please. I ran my fingers through that girl's hair, that one that had me spun up, and got them all tangled in her maddening curls. "I take it back," I said. "This place ain't so bad." "That's cuz you're here with me, right?"All smiles, I nodded up and down. Behind us, the big wooden door to the check-your-ID foyer opened with a long creak. A couple was leaving; the fellow stepped out, one of those young guys in the baggy pants with the sideways hat, and he spun and pulled the door wide for his lady and drooped and almost curtsied a bit as he saw her safely through. He then eased the door closed and put his arm behind her as they went down the steps. I grinned heavy at his well-executed chivalry. Maybe Jacks appeals to my kinda people after all.
2	Got there at 6pm, was practically empty.  Seated promptly and our waitress took our orders.  From there on it went downhill, it took a solid hour to get our food and like I said it was dead.  When we did get our food I was not impressed.  I could have gotten better quality food at any local fast food joint for half the price.  If you're going for drinking only, its probably a good spot, but don't go in expecting awesome food.
4	Excellent neighboor bar... I dont make it over there often but have fun when I do. This trip was because of a living social deal I had purchased... it was good on food and drinks so it was mainly used on delishious beer. It was sunday and they had $2 beer draft specials so we got a lot for our money. The server said their buffalo chicken egg rolls were made in house and super tasty so we ordered... they were way to greasy... greasy fried chicken, cheese and then greasy egg roll... my stomach did not approve. They have a decent menu, lots of options, their brunch on the weekend is the best. Perfect hangover helper!
4	Been here a number of times. It's a fun place to bring a group and have a drink. They have karaoke certain nights and bar games like darts, billiards, mini basketball hoops. Lots of tvs showing games, etc. The bar/waitstaff is really friendly and they have a good selection of drinks. You can even sit outside if you'd like.I was reluctant to write a review about this place for months because I realized that I hadn't actually had a meal here yet, and I wanted to incorporate that into my review. Well I'm happy to report that I had a meal there last week and it was really good. I went with my softball team after a loss and our group's orders had a little bit of everything. Needless to say, we were well pleased with the food offerings. The prices for food and drinks were very reasonable as well. It gets pretty crazy busy here on weekends, so if you're not into that, you might want to check it out on a weeknight. Other than that I like this place a lot.
4	So, I love Jack's as a nightime/karaoke hangout but recently discovered the wonderment that is Jackalope's brunch! I've been with two big groups recently and the food is always fantastic, the service is quick and friendly, and if you go before 12 on Sunday (pre booze time in NC), you pretty much have the place to yourself. Joe loves the garbage platter (which has literally everything you can imagine ever possibly wanting to eat for breakfast), and I love the California Omelet!
1	I'll never go back to this place.  Worst service ever.  People shouldn't wait 12 minutes for a coke.  I didn't even get a chance to order my lunch.  I ordered my soda, it never came after 12 minutes and I left.
3	I've been to Jacks probably a hundred times and for a bar, it is a really fun place. A ton of games, nice patio, and amazing karaoke. However, this Saturday night I went for dinner. Though it was pretty busy, it did take quite a while to not only get our order in, but to receive our food. My buffalo chicken wrap was pretty good and obviously the tots were amazing. Who doesn't love tots?! And I love their fried jalapenos. So, if you aren't in any hurry, and don't mind waiting a bit, this is your place. Overall, pretty good experience but might just stick to the liquid menu there for a Saturday night.
4	I'm not sure how I haven't written a review for Jacks.  Maybe I've just been there so many times that I completely forgot to.  Jacks is the closest bar to my house.  I could throw a baseball and hit it if I wanted.  Needless to say, I go there frequently.  Mostly to drink.They ALWAYS have a drink special and it's usually a pretty damn good one. The $2-3 beer special is what I go for most of the time.  It's an extremely cozy bar inside too.  Low ceiling, lots of TV's, unique decor, and a friendly bartender.  The bartenders here are always great from what I've experienced.The food is pretty good considering, you know, you're at a bar.  I'd definitely consider it above average for a sports bar.  Check out the brunch though, it's a fun place to work off your hangover on Sunday morning.  The mimosas I had last time were on point and I'm picky on the amount of OJ some places will use.Oh, and one last thing?  How can I forget the epic bar games in the back?  Coolest game area in the Charlotte area!  Skee ball, arcade basketball, golden tee, and more!
4	I've been to Jacks about, eh, a hundred times now. A ton of games and my friends are use to me running out of change and asking for dollars by now lol.  If you go during the week, you can typically grab a table and have a chill time. If you go on a Friday or Saturday the place is usually rocking with karoake and the bar is packed. If I head that way on the weekends, I try to go early then hop somewhere else - the place gets slammed... no, no I mean SLAMMED. After this point, good luck getting to the bar for a drink. And you could throw a rock and hit a drunk person easily. The patio is awesome and I love heading there in the summer. Jacks serves brunch on Sundays and doggies are welcome as well so pretty cool spot for that. Yet I've gone a few times at night and ordered food. Make sure you're not in a hurry as the food tends to take a bit longer. I've never had this issue during the day so not sure what the deal is at night. But other than that, if you are looking for a liquid dinner, a fun game spot or a place with high energy, you found it here.
4	Jackalope Jack's is a pretty good hangout spot in Elizabeth. It's not ostentatious, and they've got a lot of different options for people, from skee ball, to games on the TV, to cornhole boards out front. The lunch and dinner food is OK, but the brunch food is surprisingly good. The only thing to remember is that it is a bar, which means that food service is not the best, so expect to be there a while. Definitely worth a look if you just want to hang out.
5	This is an awesome place to watch sports games and also to have a good meal. They allow dogs outside and have a huge TV outside if you wanted to bring your pup to watch a game. Great beers and there is always a beer special. This is definitely my 'go-to' restaurant!!
5	I have driven by this place soooo many times. It always seems crowded and everyone on the patio always seems to be enjoying themselves. Finally this weekend we decided to give it a try. We went to watch the game and had a great time. Great beer specials, great food, great service. I ordered the chicken wrap with bacon and teriyaki sauce. Delish!!  I can't wait to go back.
2	Good place to go and catch virtually any game because they have about 10 tvs in every room. But the food is ehh and the waiters are hit or miss. First time I went I had absolutely horrible service, which is why it's getting two stars. The second time I went they didn't wow me but were much better.
5	Food is decent. Drinks are reasonable. Girls are easy. What more could a guy ask for?
3	Stopped on on Saturday afternoon when they happen to show English league soccer games which seemed unique to me . Breakfast was served till 2pm and had bangers & a definite British spin on it. I opted for a  burger & fries. Burger was hand formed & juicy. It was very good. Fries were standard. Your basic sports bar with plenty of tv's, wood paneling, a big outside area on a busy street in the hip Plaza Midwood section of town.
4	I have to say this is one of my favorite places to go!!  Partly because I work there for 2 years!  LOL And it's just one of the best places to go get some drinks and hang with your friends!  Love all the bartenders and servers!  Especially Ben :)  You'll always run into someone that you know at Jack's.  And the food is always good!!  I think I have had most everything on the menu but I usually get my favorites.  I ususally stick with what I know!  Haven't had their brunch yet but I do love to go on a Sunday afternoon for some mimosas!  It's in a great location and you'll always have fun!!!!
4	My favorite place.  Great staff that is friendly, fast service and fun. I often just like to hang out and watch TV or read to escape.
4	I frequent this place a couple times a month. The service is always friendly and the burgers are good. Great drink prices too. Pretty average bar food, but done well. The quality of the food and the service is always consistent and reliable, which is what truly turns customers into regulars.
3	I was with my business partner and her dog so we sat out on the front patio, nice atmosphere, the servers were all very very nice, they brought out water for my partners dog. The food was, ok nothing absolutely special, the hummus was good I just wish there were more pita squares because we ran out of them before the hummus had a dent in ot...there was no kind of dipping sauce for the sweet tots , I had the roast beef wrap and I've had better.   Good location, nice servers , just middle of the road I guess
5	I had the pulled pork BBQ.  I'm from Texas, so the sauce is VERY different from what I'm used to, but it was really good.  Tater tots on the side were also better than I'd expect, for what that's worth.  Friendly wait staff, LOTS of TVs.
4	Great appies and bar specials!  The Disco Fries are insanely good...almost a gourmet poutine (for my fello Canadian peeps!) and the mussels were great too. Cool patio vibe. Great date night spot.
4	4 to 3.5!   The appetizer fried pickles were nice, they were sliced very thin but still very long in the shape of the dill!  They are fried to perfection, very nice almost chip like crunch their that thin but definitely get the pickle.  For entree ordered the pork and apple and stuffing sandwich.  Pretty good, but would have preferred a slaw of some kind instead of the stuffing, I like apple sauce with pork! Friendly waitstaff!
2	Jackalopes what happened?!!! This used to be my favorite place. They did some renovations and it's a very nice venue. But they've hired some new staff and the waitresses are TERRIBLE. I always sit in the karaoke/TV section. The last few times I've been there service has been horrible. After you get your food and drinks they disappear. And this is at like 8pm on a Saturday when the place is nowhere near packed. The last 2 times I came my friends and I ended up just leaving my money on the table without a check. One time my friend hunted the waitress down TWICE and asked for our checks. She was sitting outside talking to some guys and kept saying "I'll be there in a minute." I went this past Saturday and the same thing happened. A group of 2 other women just left because they were tired of waiting. We also had a huge group sitting next to us that was getting restless. And it's not like you can just grab another waitress or someone. They all go AWOL. I'm used to bringing 4+ people here for dinner, buying $100+ in drinks (just for me - don't judge, lol) and tipping very well. The new staff is very lazy and missing out on a lot of money. Not just for themselves but for the entire bar. I love this venue and so do a lot of others PLEASE GET IT TOGETHER!!!P.S. I miss Rachel. Not sure why they changed karaoke vendors. But the new karaoke guy is very personable and talented.
5	Man this place rocks.   A nice bar-restaurant with the best food.  You must try the thanksgiving panni sandwich.   Easy access from uptown Charlotte.
2	Meh, I've had better experiences. It was a beautiful day, so we wanted to go somewhere close to enjoy both the weather and Sunday foootball. We were able to enjoy both.However, the food and service is what givesthis place a poor rating. I ordered an Aslaskan benedict with hasbrowns. It wasn't as tasteful as I expected, the benedit was dry and the hasbrowns were cool. The service... slow. Our server took awhile to greet us, so we had to order with another waitress. After ordering, we had to wait a good amount of time for our food, which as I mentioned earlier, were cool. The Alaskan benedict was rather dry, I wouldn't reccommend it. My boyfriend got a burger with hasbrowns, which were also cool.Finding our server to get the check was also a challenge. And waiting on her to get back with our check was another challenge as we were in a hurry to make an appointment. Overall, I won't be coming back.
5	Now this is my best friend Hollie and fellow yelper's hot spot. She's gotten me I. This place quite a few times. I have never had bad service here. Not to mention everyone is there treats you like an old friend. I love the fried pickles, they are slices not chips. Something about that makes a big difference. All of their quesadillas are mouth watering too. There's actually nothing here I haven't liked. That includes the food and service. This is def a good spot to hang with friends, watch a game or grab a bite with a nice drink.
1	We went there. No hostess. Sat down for 5 minutes and no one came to provide a menu or offer a drink. We won't be back. Btw-it was a big college football day.
4	I walked in an immediately could tell this is a fun place! I had lunch here on a weekday so it was calm but there were quite a few tables filled. They've got tvs all over the place so you're bound to be into watching something. I had a sweet tea and the Panther Melt. Cam was my fantasy QB and I had just posed in front of the BofA stadium, so the Panther Melt was calling out to me. The Panther Melt is a burger that has grilled onions, blue cheese crumbles, and whipped bacon & blue cheese mustard on toasted white bread, with your choice of side. The Panther Melt isn't one of their signature dishes, and I'm not surprised. It's very mustard-y, as the description will tell you, so it's go to have a side of tots, like in my case. Towards the end, there was too much mustard for me to handle so I had to scrape some of it off. The side of tots, though, was perfect and the right amount. My husband had "The Cowboy Way", which is one of their signature dishes and he loved it! I took a bite of it and it was very flavorful. I wasn't in the mood for all the bacon and BBQ sauce, but if that's what you're looking for, then that's the burger for you. He also got tots, which I was surprised when he ordered because he isn't a tots guy. But he loved them! Afterwards we even went with a dessert, which is rare. The brownie and ice cream we got was a hit. I tapped out after a few bites but my man kept going at it and loved every bite.Good NC experience!
4	I really liked this place.  Chips and salsa were amazing. The wings were great as well.  The bartender took care of us..  I would def come back.
