5	Agreed.  Good sushi at a fair price in cute, cozy, convenient and unpretentious digs.
5	This has got to be my favorite sushi place in Pittsburgh.  It's small, so be early or be prepared for a wait to get a table.  Or, just order to go!  The service is hit or miss, but in general good.  I think most of my problem encounters have been when I have ordered to go.  The sushi is smazing, my personal fave - the spicy tuna hand roll.  And the prices are fairly reasonable.  I've had a lot on the menu, and can't say there is anything that I wouldn't recommend.  One of the major highlights of the sushi experience here is the freshly grated horseradish/wasabi.  It makes the experience totally different from the expected wasabi paste.  Please, just don't do what my mom did - not believing me in how the wasabi should be used (dip your sushi into the soy sauce that add some freshly grated horseradish onto your piece of suchi), she did what she normally does with wasabi - dumped it into her vat of soy sauce.  NOT a good idea - it washes out the flavor and don't expect the good stuff when asking for more wasabi.  They'll take one look, shake their head internally, and give you the cheap paste the next time round.  Enjoy!!!!
5	This place is very popular, so you will have to wait if you arrive at peak dinner hours.  The sushi was good and the prices are fair.  The sushi to rice ratio was slightly generous.  I will definitely return.
5	The seared tuna nigiri was excellent.  I'd love to return and try more of menu items, as a number of them looked delicious.
5	Excellent sushi and sashimi. Very cozy and be prepared to wait. The wait staff can be quite charming if you prove yourself. Don't be a newb by mixing your wasabi into your soy sauce.
5	Before Chaya, I had been "off" sushi for I don't know how many years. I guess I had just eaten at too many not-so-good sushi restaurants. My wife had heard great things about Chaya, so I thought I'd give sushi one more try.I'm glad I did. The sushi here was delicious. I can't recall exactly all that we had, but it was all fantastic. We'll definitely be going back again. And again.Like some of the other reviewers have said, it IS small, so expect to wait on busy nights. But it's definitely worth it.
5	Beat Japanese ever!  It not only the freshest fish (which I was told by my sister that fish are flown over by a jet from a coast everyday) rice is prepared with a care and personal touch - the chef told me that the seasoned water for the rice are prepared the night before (which I can't give away the secret seasoning :p )Not only will you find every thing you are familiar with sushi, sashimi, and nigiri, but you will also fine chef's special and unique dishes that you must try to experience the skill and excellence of the restaurant and chef's passion.Excellent catering for party order take outs.When we go visit my sister in Pitt for a weekend, we always have a sushi night at Chaya or order a take out for a boat of sushi and sashimi or two -for a big event with family and friends.
5	Excellent sushi! Definitely my favorite in Pittsburgh. We got a large selection of maki and thoroughly enjoyed every roll. The rice was perfectly cooked, the fish was extremely fresh, and the hand grated wasabi was a fresh alternative to the reconstituted wasabi powder that you get at most sushi places. Highly recommended!
5	Fantastic sushi!  Pricey, but worth it.  Fresh fish - the toro is to die for.  The dinners have not only your usual miso soup, salad, and rice combo that comes with bento boxes, but also chicken kaarage (fried chicken).Very small, so be prepared to wait.  I can't wait to come back as a regular.
3	Chaya is good. The fish is fresh, the prices are reasonable (I definitely wouldn't call it pricey), and the service is very nice. All around a pleasant dining experience. Five stars... not quite, but a decent four. I think my expectations were set too high after reading all these reviews, because I just wasn't as wowed as I thought I'd be. The entire time I was eating I wanted the sushi to have just a little bit more flavor, but it  didn't quite get there. Kind of like when you think you're about to sneeze but then you don't. Anyway, I recommend Chaya for good sushi, but not for great sushi. Great sushi will have to wait for a trip to the east or west coast.
5	The best sushi in Pittsburgh.  I go here for my birthday every year.  The only authentic Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh.
5	Authentic Japanese food, fresh fish. Very small and can be difficult to get a table, I recommend going right when it opens. One time, we were served a small plate of fried fish head + tail after our meal, compliments of the chef.
5	There are only two sushi restaurants in Pittsburgh that are actually owned by Japanese people. Chaya is one of them. The other sushi restaurants are owned by Koreans, Chinese, etc. Does it make a difference? Hell yes.I used to eat here at least once a week when I lived in Pittsburgh. The sushi is spectacular and fresh, but like any fresh ingredient, there were some occasions where I was disappointed with the quality. But only because it wasn't the BEST tasting on THAT particular day. The wasabi is homemade unlike most restaurants that use a powder mix. Compared to other sushi restaurants in Pittsburgh, they have a greater selection of fresh fish including, Fatty Tuna (Toro) and live Uni if you're into that.  Don't worry, it doesn't wiggle. Instead, they crack open the sea urchin shell to reveal the yellow...uh, I dunno. I don't care for Uni.The restaurant is super small and cozy which also means long wait times, particularly on weekends. You sometimes get the evil eye from the staff on those busy days, basically indicating that you should leave now so others can sit. If your idea of sushi is fancy rolls and sauce, then I'd recommend Nakama instead. If you're into real sushi, I'd definitely come check this place out.
3	While in Pittsburgh (and even now that I don't live there), I consistently heard that Chaya was hands down the best sushi you could get in Pittsburgh.It was certainly a solid experience. The fish quality isn't the greatest but is far from the worst. There's nothing technically wrong with Chaya, but I guess I don't feel the awesomeness that everyone else has noticed. So... 3 stars.
3	not bad for pittsburgh. very nice to actually see a japanese chef serve some real traditional japanese food. they had natto and he was very surprised that i had ordered and was actually happy to serve it with some tuna for me. the fact that they do Omakase there makes it authentic, its good to know that is an option for people to have chef's "trust me" style dinners. better than most sushi places in pittsburgh.
4	One of the better sushi places I've been to in Pittsburgh!
4	Chaya is very good.  Not the best I've ever been to, but very good, especially for Pittsburgh.  The ingredients are extremely fresh, and the place is run by a Japanese family; something that's become rare in many places these days.  Please go here over Nakama, and don't use Nakama as your "baseline" sushi experience.  It's affordable, and very authentic, and acceptable portion size.  Granted, I haven't been to Japan yet(on my to do list) but I consider myself well-versed on sushi.  FYI, if you take your wasabi and put it directly in your shoyu, please stop.  Or at least don't write a sushi review!They also let you bring in outside wine, but they do charge a small corkage fee.
4	Chaya is a lot of fun; definitely the best place in Pittsburgh to get adventurous with sushi.  I've had better sushi for sure, but not around these parts.  Weirdly, one of my favorite things there is the fried chicken that accompanies every dinner.  Its golden-fried goodness is the perfect start to an otherwise raw meal. The place is small, so try to go early for dinner.  I wouldn't go in a group larger than four, either, or you might wait for a very long time.
5	Excellent sushi - overall one of the two best Japanese restaurants I've ever been to.  (Not that I'm a huge Japanophile, but I thought their salad and fried chicken were incredible, and I know this is patronizing, but I appreciated being in a Japanese place that's run by actual Japanese.)Dining room is extremely cozy (meaning very small), so I wouldn't hit it if I want an intimate dinner, but it's a great place for a casual meal with awesome food.I'll be back soon for non-sushi dinner, and I'm highly confident that it will be good.
4	Best sushi in Pittsburgh.
4	Chaya is an extremely impressive Japanese restaurant: the food is great, the sushi is leagues better than anything else in Pittsburgh that I've found, and because it's actually run by Japanese people who make pretty authentic stuff.The menu is a little intimidating, especially if you're not tremendously versed in Japanese cuisine, because it's surprisingly long, and I just didn't know what the hell to order. In the end, I ordered a Deluxe Sushi & Sashimi Combination Dinner, and my girlfriend ordered two rolls and a tempura appetizer. All the dinners come with a salad, miso soup, and some pieces of kaarage (fried boneless chicken). The salad is pretty average. The miso soup is quite good, but nothing to write home about. The kaarage, on the other hand, prompted me to write this review. These three pieces of juicy, tender, crispy chicken morsels were simply the best fried food of any sort I've had in the last year. I'd highly recommend that everyone opt for a 'dinner' rather than 'a la carte;' the $3 they charge on top is well worth it.Moving on, the tempura was very well done, with everything evenly and lightly battered. Oftentimes Japanese places will be very heavy-handed with the batter, which makes for unenjoyable tempura, but Chaya's tempura was right on the mark. As for sushi and sashimi, my combination came out with a very respectable amount of food. Then again, it was $32. In any case, the quality of the fish was very good, but not quite top-notch. It was easily the best sushi I've had in Pittsburgh, but I have had better elsewhere. I really enjoyed their tuna, eel, and salmon. The quality of the sushi rice is simply superb. They either make their own ginger and wasabi, or they use a better quality, because both are far better than the norm, especially the ginger. My girlfriend's rolls, a Cali roll and a JJ Roll (tuna + cream cheese) were pretty mediocre, but the rice for that was amazing too.Hands down best Japanese place in Pittsburgh, and I really wish I could give a 4.5, but I rounded down because it's a very solid restaurant, but it didn't astound me for the most part. Still, I'd recommend.
5	The BEST Japanese food in Pittsburgh :)The sushi is flown in fresh from Japan, and it is a Japanese place actually owned by Japanese. All of their dishes are delicious and traditional, and you can't go wrong with any of the dishes. The servers are all extremely friendly and service is great! It's a small place, so make sure you go their early for dinner or be prepared to wait!
2	I used to go to Chaya pretty frequently, but after a series of so-so to below-average experiences around 2006, I got out of the habit of going. On occasion, though, when I read another review extolling its virtues, I'd contemplate going back. It'd be awfully convenient to have a neighborhood sushi place.  Tonight I returned to the familiar cozy little dining room once more. Almost everything is as I remembered (the price went up, but I shouldn't begrudge them for keeping up with inflation). The best thing about the meal is still the fried chicken that comes with the dinner set. Unfortunately, the negative aspects also are as I remembered.  The salad dressing is overly watery, and the sushi combo is still a let-down. The selection is pretty run-of-the-mill sushi fare: tuna, salmon, shrimp, some roes, and eel. The cut ought to be fresh, as it is purportedly flown in, but the taste was just not there. The fatty tuna pieces did not have that melt in your mouth feel nor did they have that suculant sweet taste. Instead, they looked a bit dried out and tasted bland. Overall, I was disappointed. I would have liked to return to the days when I had a reliable neighborhood sushi joint. Well, perhaps in another three years, I'll give Chaya another shot.
5	I've been to Chaya a couple of times, and each time has been impressive. Great for small groups, this BYOB serves some great sushi along with the fried chicken that everyone else is mentioning. If you're looking for Japanese food in the Pittsburgh Area, don't pass this place up.
5	I only came here once with a friend before I left Pittsburgh, but we had a great meal.  It's REALLY awkward if you have to wait, though -- there's a tiny narrow passageway and something like four chairs for people to wait to be seated.  The fried chicken (tiny little pieces of chicken, not KFC drumsticks) was surprising but delicious.
4	I'm always on the lookout for new places for sushi. On my way through Squirrel Hill I'd passed Chaya several times, but as I'm usually there in the early afternoon and Chaya is dinner-only, I'd never had the opportunity to try their fare. Most of the time I check websites before going somewhere, to get a feel of their menu and pricing, but this time I failed to do so. As soon as we were seated I picked up the menu and was a bit startled at the pricing. It's expensive, though not outrageous for quality sushi. I just felt bad that I'd dragged my boyfriend somewhere that was a bit too expensive for us at the moment, him being in school and me having lost my job to downsizing a few months ago. Still, we stayed put and decided to have dinner. I was impressed with the fact that they provided chopstick rests and a bottle of shichimi on each table. Chaya's menu is standard sushi and classic Japanese. It's comfort food made with an eye for quality and detail. When not ordering a la carte, your meal includes an excellent mixed salad (mesclun greens, perhaps) with ginger dressing, a bowl of rich, heavy miso and three pieces of Japanese-style fried chicken thigh. By the time our entrees arrived I was already slightly full. We ordered the sushi roll plate (salmon roll, tuna roll, California roll and an eel hand roll) and the negimaki. The California roll, usually the General Tso's of sushi, was excellent, as were the two other rolls and hand roll. Everything was plated nicely. The negimaki was perfect and the portion was decent, the beef and onions on a hot plate atop a bed of sprouts and garnished with broccoli. This isn't the place I would direct people to if they aren't willing to pay for quality and atmosphere. It's a bit on the pricy side, and there are plenty of places in Pittsburgh that serve sushi at a much lower cost. However, the authenticity in both the food and arrangements is worth the price, even if I have to put it in the category of an occasional treat or celebration venue. Our meals, plus tip, were around $25-30 a piece, and we were choosing the less expensive options.Alcohol is, apparently, BYOB only with appropriate corkage and glass fees. Had I more disposable income, I'd have gone for the omakase. It's a shame I came to this place with so little cash.
5	Arguably the best sushi in Pittsburgh. Years ago i lived a 10 minute walk from here, which was very very dangerous. I ended up going here once a week at one point! So for my last meal on my Pittsburgh visit, I figured this spot would be perfect. It was just as good as I remember. Simply delicious. I had the Chirashi (this dish is always the true test of good Japanese food) meal with the salad and soup. The salad dressing was absolutely amazing. I drank the watery leftovers at the bottom of the bowl! The Chirashi was fresh and light, per the usual. I had a couple Toro Nigiris, as well. Actually, I had one, which was orgasmic, so I ordered a few more. The food here is well prepared and presented. The fish is fresh - I saw the sushi chef cutting a fresh fish during my meal. The service is very polite and sweet. No complaints whatsoever. Give it a try!
3	maybe it's the best and most authentic Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh, but honestly not that great. Went there twice. Tried thedelux sushi and katsudon. The nigiri was ordinary and didn't stand out,but the wasabi was good. Katsudon was huge which was cool, but it was too salty. Just to be fair, I'm a huge fan of japanese food, and it's become a religion for me to find good places. So I'm pretty picky about my japanese food. I will be going there again, for sure, just because it's the best(?) place to go in Pittsburgh? Maybe if I get something good next time, I'll change my review.
4	After nearly 4 years I've finally ventured out to Chaya.  What took me so long?  I'm always mildly hesitant about seafood when I'm in a city not by the coast, but a man does what he's gotta do when he's got a craving.Three of us ordered a roll combination platter to split as well as our own food.  I ordered yellowtail cheeks, my friend ordered eel, and my last friend is boring.First came the salad.  It was pretty standard, but any sign of vegetation is a good thing for the college male.Next up was their karaage.  Ohmygoodness it was the best karaage I have ever had.  Now I've never had karaage in Japan, but lots of people hyped it up for me and I was scared it would be a letdown.  The flesh was so flavorful and juicy it completely blew my mind away and left me craving more as soon as it was over.  Drool.Miso soup was also pretty standard.The roll combination was a disappointment.  Yes, we had it coming for ordering a platter of rolls, but it was only b/c the sushi/sashimi platters would have either been too big (the 70 dollar boats) or too small (the 10 piece combo's).  In retrospect we should have just ordered a la carte Nigiri...  I noticed halfway through the meal they had Anago available that night too...My yellowtail cheeks were delicious.  Personally I love fish cheeks (as well as the part of fish right by the tail when I order fish whole).  It's super tender and rich and tastes so delicate.My end of the bill came out to be around 30, which was perfectly.  I would've been perfectly happy if we had dropped the roll combination and I had picked up a piece of Toro and a piece of Anago instead.Service was excellent and the their timing was impeccable; they have it all down to an art.  The next time I'm back I completely want to try their Omakase.  In Japanese it means "It's up to you" with "you" being the chef.I was slightly disappointed when I saw my companions throw their wasabi into soy sauce and completely mix it up.  That is not how sushi should be eaten.....
3	As far as sushi in Pittsburgh goes, it's ok. Fresher than other places, but nothing amazing. It is super tiny but I didn't have to wait long for a table of two. I ordered the sushi roll dinner combo which came with soup, salad, tuna roll, salmon roll and California roll. I asked for the tuna roll to be spicy, which they easily accommodated without a problem, but it was not spicy.  There was barely any hint of spice. Overall all the rolls were decent and I'd go back because the price was right and there aren't many sushi options in Pittsburgh.
4	As far as Pittsburgh goes, I think this is one of the best Sushi places around (Tamari is the other great find). I've been here quite a few times and I've never been disappointed. Usually, I go for the delicious rolls, but last night I opted for the Chirashi dinner (basically a bunch of sashimi on a bed of sticky rice). Yum!The dinners come with soup, salad, and fried chicken! And all for around $20/person (that's without apps), so not too shabby as far as sushi goes. I plan on making many visits in the future.Oh, they are apparently moving up the block (literally...just one block up the hill on Murray Ave), so if you don't see them at the original location, don't panic!
4	First taste of sushi in Pittsburgh!!! And it was pretty good. This is a tiny restaurant with about 10 tables (but they are moving, so probably getting a bigger space?) The menu is huge and the sushi menu was hard to find at first because it's in a plaque on top of the table. The restaurant is BYOB and doesn't serve any alcohol. The service was fine, had to ask for a tea refill myself but definitely not anywhere near rude.
5	We love Chaya in Squirrel Hill on Murray. BYOB, so bring your own sake. I LOVE the toro aburi (seared fatty tuna). It was first recommended to me by the chef my first time there and now I always get it. :) They get their seafood from Japan and NYC. This is our "go to" place. Umi is also great, just quite a bit more expensive, and not necessarily "better", just more trendy/fancy. Avoid Nakama at all costs. Small- can be a long wait since there is only one person preparing the sushi.
5	THE best sushi in Pittsburgh.  Their sushi is fresh and delicious.  I absolutely love their salads and their amazing ginger salad dressing.  Friendly service, traditional decor and an extensive menu.  Everything on here is amazing.  I couldn't recommend it enough.  Chaya can be a bit pricey just as most sushi is, but it is definitely worth it!  I definitely look forward to a meal at Chaya whenever I revisit Pittsburgh!
3	Chaya moved to their new, bigger location in November 2009. Compared to their old location it's definitely larger and much nicer, but still can feel a bit cramped. The same seating rules still apply: go early and make sure all members of your party are there. If I were a Yelp member back when I went during their old days, I would've given the food 4/4.5 stars. People say this is one of the best sushi restaurants in Pittsburgh and there's no denying that claim. However, I was slightly disappointed in the quality of food at the new location. I believe it was still the same chef and I'm sure moving a block up Murray doesn't affect food quality, but for some reason it didn't have the same zest as before. I ordered a rainbow roll, a spider roll (soft shell crab), and a Hobart St. roll (cucumber, salmon, avocado), plus a sashimi deluxe a la carte (salmon, tuna, plus some other usual suspects). The spider and Hobart St. rolls were the best of the bunch; dare I say my only gripe for any of the rolls was that the rice was a bit too mushy. The rainbow roll only had two types of fish on it (salmon and tuna) with a few slivers of something white (snapper?). I've been to places where there are 7+ types of fish on a rainbow roll, which may be one end of the spectrum, but just two types? That doesn't seem like a very happy rainbow to me. The tuna in the sashimi platter was very soggy and tasted more like carpaccio than tuna. The rest of the platter was ok. This was on a Friday night, when most places get their fresh fish. Apparently, the day I went was only 3 days after their new location opened. I'll chalk it up to some jitters getting used to the new location. I will definitely go back and hopefully I can redo this review to give the proper amount of stars.
2	This is the first time I've had sushi in Pittsburgh so I can't comment on how good the food is in comparison to other sushi bars in the city, but generally, as a sushi place, Chaya is just okay. The prices were inconsistent, with some rolls costing $4 and others $14 and nothing in between. How is it that an eel roll costs $4, while a dragon rolls costs $14 when it is defined as "thinly sliced avocado on top of eel roll?" Maybe the roll is 3x the size of the eel roll? I don't know. Also, the tempura udon was a rip-off at $13 a la carte. I guess I would've let these things slide if I weren't so dissatisfied with their service. At the end of our meal, we had a couple cookies from the bakery next door (Allegro Hearth--highly recommended) and the server told us that outside food is not allowed and that they would be charging us $2/person for bringing it in. WTF? I understand their policy on no outside food, but how about a warning? And this isn't even like we brought in our own wine or a cake that they had to slice for us. We each had half of a cookie and it ended up costing our table the amount of 2 sushi rolls. Ridiculous.
5	I go to Chaya when I want awesome sushi. The reason it's the best is that it's affordable and the fish is amazing. The bites are small, the quality is consistent, and the service is good.This is not the place for flashy dates or inventive ingredient combinations, and it may be lost on sushi beginners who've yet to learn to appreciate sashimi. It is the place for a cozy, special date where you savor the flavors and order the toro.
2	I've read many positive reviews of Chaya that I almost wonder if I went to the same restaurant (I did)We went on a Tuesday night, the service was fine, we weren't rushed...but there also weren't any parties waiting to be seated.The positives - one of the best ginger dressings I've had. The sides of sticky rice that came with my dining companions entrees were very good. The roll sushi was good (cali roll, sunrise mix roll), but not unlike any other roll I've had. The portions are large, if that matters to you. The fried chicken that comes with the meal is decent, but nothing special.The negatives (which far outweighed the positives on this occasion) The miso soup was incredibly fishy in the bad way, they use a fish broth that tastes like it's been sitting around or something. Three of my dining companions ordered the tempura (2 chicken, 1 veggie)  The dishes are very bland, no seasoning whatsoever. The texture itself is enjoyable, but you must rely on the accompanying teryaki sauce to get any flavor whatsoever. One guy in our party got the beef teryaki which looked good, and he confirmed this, but I did not try it.Probably the most dissapointing part of my meal was the part I was expecting to be the best - the nigiri pieces. I ordered uni (sea urchin) ika (squid) fluke fin, anago, and toro. I'm not really an uni fan, but this didn't appear to be fresh. Fluke fin is a muscle, so one would expect it to be tough at most sushi places but I was hoping for better from chaya (as an aside, umi managed to make it incredibly delicate) the squid was tougher than I would have liked. The anago was fine, but nothing special. Worst of all - the toro was a bit tough. To my understanding toro should never be tough.I'm hoping I just caught them on an off night. I do plan to give chaya a second chance as so many rave reviews make me hope that they truly can provide a great meal. I wanted to give Chaya a rave review, but my first experience was way less than stellar.
5	My favorite affordable sushi place in the city.  I love the people that work there (they are very friendly) and their new storefront (2032 Murray; just one block up the hill from their old location) is bigger and in better shape, making the atmosphere very pleasant.  I believe it is owned and run by a Japanese family, which is a rarity in Pittsburgh and results in high quality sushi.  I have been coming here for years and even though I've had a couple of not amazing meals for the most part everything has been everything I hoped.  Sushi is my comfort food and Chaya is the place I go for it.
4	Chaya serves fresh, straightforward, affordable sushi--and it's BYO! I love BYO restaurants, and Chaya makes it easy, with only a small surcharge for the glassware. All the sushi staples are here, like spicy tuna and avocado rolls, ginger-dressed salads and miso soup; we enjoyed all that we sampled, and I'm sure I'll come back on my next visit into town.
5	1.  Authentic2.  Byob ($2 per beer/wine glass + $2 per shot glass if you bring sake)3.  Reasonably priced4.  Good service5.  Cant wait to go backBe prepared for a wait, but its worth it.   One of the stand-outs on the, less than impressive, Murray Ave.   I don't understand the fried chicken thing.... but i will admit - its good!   The teriyaki steak was not what I was expecting but then again - how do I know if I have ever really had an authentic teriyaki.  The steak was broiled and came with a very thin steak-juice like sauce.  I'm more accustomed to a thicker sauce which is more prominent in the overall dish.  Not a deal breaker by any means. Best no-frills sushi I have had here.  It should not disappoint.
4	This might be my favorite sushi place in Squirrel Hill.  If you go, ask for the chef's special.  It's expensive but man, it is so good.
4	Took a chance and returned to Chaya for take out. This time I ordered the delux sushi combination a la carte.At $32 dollars this really is a steal. One could expect to pay 3x as much for similar quality in more of a "foodie" city.Mine included 14 pieces of nigiri, cali roll, and shrimp head.The nigiri pieces were all quality. Perfect portion/temperature of rice, and I enjoyed the consistency. All the pieces tasted fresh tonight, (including the uni which I believe had gone bad on my first visit)Glad I went back, and I'll be back again. I would give it 4.5 stars if I could, but to get 5 stars it would have to surpass umi which was probably the best meal I've had. Not to mention, I'm still a bit bitter from my first visit.
5	Chaya is simply amazing.  It's a little hole in the wall place in Squirrel Hill that doesn't immediately grab your attention.  It's extremely small inside so make sure you go in small groups.  They are also very picky about your entire group being there before you are seated.The service is quick and friendly and the waitresses will make suggestions for you if for some reason you can't decide between two rolls that look equally amazing :)  The rolls are all very consistently good and the fish is always extremely fresh.  The menu is very traditional - there are a few rolls that have a bunch of different ingredients but it's not a "fusion-sushi" type of place that seems to be getting popular.  The sushi is very affordable, especially for the quality.  Now if only I still lived right around the corner...
4	Love Chaya!  They recently moved, so they now have a lot more room.  So if you have to wait for a table, it won't be nearly as long as it used to be.Sushi is always fresh, tasty and very decently priced.  Rolls are a perfect size and the nigiri is a generous cut.  I have yet to have any of the other options (other than sushi) but from the reviews I have heard, they are excellent as well.
5	Wow.  I could not stop eating.  and ordering more.  and eating.  and ordering more.  needless to say the food gets expensive but its so worth it.  amazing sushi.  very high quality ingredients.  love the larger dining area at the new location.didnt have any food other than sushi, but noticed the menu was very pricey for the normal food.  oh and strangely the edamame was not hot or even salted.  something I have not encountered.
5	The best sushi bar in The Burgh. I lived in Southern California for ten years, and this place is better than some sushi restaurants out there. The sushi is always super fresh, and the few cooked dished I've had are wonderful as well.Try the broiled toro, yellow tail belly, and always amazing uni.  And the absolute best and coolest thing about this place, besides the hilarious sushi chef, is the fresh grated wasabi. That is a treat you do not see everywhere, even in CA or NY!Go to this place, if you are a sushi lover you will fall in love!
5	Haven't been to Chaya since they moved. The new space is a lot bigger and the food is still fantastic.The ingredients are all top notch -- right down to the fresh wasabi! Nothing flashy here. It's just authentic, high quality Japanese food. Easily the best sushi in Pittsburgh. The tempura is great too. I need to come back more often to try more of the non-sushi items.
5	Hands down the best sushi in Pittsburgh, and some of the best I've had anywhere. They also have yellowtail collar (one of my favorite Japanese dishes), complete with grated daikon, as well as authentic oshinko. No dyed yellow takuan here.The sea urchin was amazing, especially, as well as the scallop. It at least used to be BYOB; I'm not sure if that's changed in the past three years.I haven't been since they changed locations, and I need to get back again soon; I do have a birthday coming up. Sadly it's too expensive for me to go as often as I'd like, but it's certainly worth the price. One of my top five favorite places in the city.
5	If you're looking for "bang for the buck", only want sushi (and not other Japanese food), and don't mind slightly less variety, Tokyo in Bloomfield should be your first stop.If you're looking for the best Japanese food in Pittsburgh, Chaya is it.  This is the best Japanese restaurant I've had the chance to try.  If you like sushi, you should go here and try this.Even in the new location, there's often a wait, so don't show up starving; that said, the wait is worth it, and the food is awesome.  We've yet to find a bad pick on the menu.5-stars; as good as it gets.
3	After a few greasy meals it was nice to have a break with some sushi. I didn't think that I would be eating sushi in Pittsburgh, but I have to say that the freshness impressed me.One gripe that I have it that with the BYO policy, the charges for the ice bucket, and glassware amounted to about a bottle of sake we had just brought. does it really cost a restaurant $2 to wash a sake glass? Come on now.
4	This place is consistently very high quality.  It has helped my 8-year-old decide that sushi is his favorite food.  Chaya is a favorite with everyone in my family, although we usually get the carry out.
1	I came here only because this place got such great reviews... and i was extremely disappointed.The atmosphere is awful, it feels like a cheap dining room. The service is mediocre... we had no soy sauce at our table, so the waitress picked a container of soy sauce up from another table and brought it to us, and it was about 90% emptry so we had to ask for more again...The sushi was fresh, but not really creative. I guess this place gets good reviews for having "fresh fish". But why shouldn't a sushi place have fresh fish? I don't think this restuarant should be rewarded for having something it is supposed to have. I don't think I will go back unless i am specifically in the neighberhood.
5	Best Japanese in Pittsburgh IMHO, and I've done my fair share of exploring the city's sushi options. Chaya also has a high quality non-sushi menu, and for example I would highly recommend the blackened Cod. It's a small dish (you'll probably need more to eat than just this), but is incredible.
4	I really enjoyed this sushi restaurant. It reminded me in a good way of some of the places I miss from California. The menu was varied and interesting, and the sashimi was delicious, fresh, and perfectly cut. I got the larger plate of sashimi and it was very generously portioned.It's expensive, yes, but I expect that with good quality fish outside of the west coast. I will be returning for special meals--it's a little too pricey to be my every week sushi joint.Other comments about the wait time were accurate--definitely go early and have the whole party there.The BYOB policy is annoying. We just decided to forego wine or sake rather than deal with paying to use a glass. In my opinion, places should either charge a corkage fee or be BYOB only--not do both.Edited: Went back a second time with the parents and was not disappointed. Great sushi rolls! Simple ones tasted really good. The shrimp tempura was also excellent. The chicken katsu was so-so, so I recommend sticking to fish. This place is a little difficult for the non sushi-lover or non fish-lover, but I really enjoy it.
5	Hey, you dont get this great japanese food anywhere else around pittsburgh. I guess they deserve the title of the best japanese food around them. But they need more servers and chefs. It take forever to prepare the food and even to get to seat during crazy hours
4	Since we live a few blocks away from what many are calling the best sushi in Pittsburgh, we felt it was our duty to try it ASAP!  We strolled in for a date night on a Thursday around 6pm, and were seated immediately.  The restaurant is pretty small, so I'd imagine there can be quite a wait on weekends.  All the seats are pretty close together, so prepare to get cozy with your neighbors!  But it's not a big deal if you have a good attitude.The interior is bright, with lots of little Japanese accents in the decor.  The servers wear kimonos and sandals, and were very helpful to us.  Our server recommended an alternate appetizer, saying it was more popular (and, presumably better) then the one we had ordered - and she was right on the money!  Also, a woman who I believe was the owner came around to check on us a few times, and she actually moved my soy sauce dish closer to my right hand, saying it would be easier for me that way.  It wasn't an intrusive gesture - it felt sort of like a kindly mother giving you a little pointer.Not being interested in paying $2 per person for BYOB, we just had water and I had an iced green tea, which came in a can but was still very tasty.  We began with miso soup and salad, which was the standard fare that you can expect at any sushi place.  Our appetizer was the "giant clam cooked in its shell" or something to that effect.  And indeed- out came a platter with a giant clam shell, with some sizzling bubbly goodness cooking inside it.  Why was it sizzling?  Oh, because it was on fire!  Well, the clam wasn't on fire, but there was some fuel source on the plate, and there were beautiful flames licking the clam shell and making our appetizer bubble in a most delicious looking way.Not only delicious looking but delicious tasting, we loved the appetizer.  The clam is cooked in some sort of spicy mayo sauce, and it was pretty darn delectable.  I was licking my plate with my finger to get all of the sauce after we had eaten all the clam pieces.  Yummy!  I'd order that one again if I didn't want to try so many other things.Most entrees looked expensive, so we decided to stick with sushi.  Their roll selection is simple, and I'd imagine it is also traditional - no crazy rolls here, just fresh fish and vegetables prepared simply.  We enjoyed the Sunrise ECA roll (eel, cucumber, avocado), the Mix Roll (tuna, salmon, whitefish), and the Tropical Island roll (shrimp, tuna, avocado, and radish sprouts).  The rolls are small, just six standard size pieces, but it was plenty of food for us along with the appetizer, soup, and salad.  The sushi was very good, clearly fresh, and pleasant to eat.  The rice seemed a bit dry to me, and the presentation wasn't flashy like you see at other sushi restaurants, but it was a satisfying and highly inexpensive dinner!I think I would rather get sashimi and nigiri next time to really enjoy the quality of the fish, but the rolls were very good too.  Our bill was only $30, but I know next time we will try new things and it will cost a bit more.  Still, it was a lovely neighborhood restaurant with traditional, fresh food, and that's the kind of place where I'd like to return and give them more business.
2	Meh.  Really not that great.  We were there on a Saturday night, and it was quite busy.   The Sushi was edible, but really not that great.   Definitely not up to the rave reviews they're getting from most yelpers.Their new location is a lot nicer than the last one, though.
4	Came here last night. The place is pretty well lit, so if you're looking for a low-light romantic atmosphere, then not so much. But it's still a very nice casual space. The staff are friendly and courteous.I had the rainbow roll and an eel roll, both very good, as well as the ika nigiri (squid). She had the dragon roll and a salmon roll as well as the salmon nigiri, which were quite good as well.Overall, I would say this is one of the better places to get sushi in Pittsburgh. The items were fresh and delicious. Pretty fast service even on a relatively busy night. Atmosphere, casual.
4	I've been going to Chaya since before it moved to its current location.  I used to eat here at least once every week (before I had to move).  The sushi is great.  I love the quality and freshness of the fish.  I've been to a lot of sushi places and I don't appreciate the "fancy" sushi with lots of sauces and color.  Sushi should be very simple.  You should be able to taste the quality of the rice and fish without all of the added stuff.  Other non-sushi dishes are great too.  The dining experience if colorful especially when the owner's wife is there.  She's super friendly and a bit eccentric but I love her.  One thing about Chaya, though, is that the wait staff is super disorganized.  They are always running around (often confused), but this is nothing that I mind too much.  The food is great and the people are great too.
4	I was traveling to Pittsburgh on a business trip and had no idea where to eat, thanks to Yelp I found Chaya's and decided to check it out.  The place is a bit small but has a quaint atmosphere, and I loved that all the servers are dressed in Japanese couture.  I'm never a fan of sitting alone, but the server came over and was immediately friendly.  He noticed that I was wearing a race shirt and we started discussing our running history (his was far more impressive than mine!).I wasn't starving, so I opted to grab an appetizer and a roll.  I went with the veggie tempura and an eel, cucumber, and avocado roll.  I found the tempura to be just right, but I wasn't in love with the tempura sauce (then again I'm not exactly an expert).  The sushi was fantastic and I was upset I didn't opt for more.  After completing those I considered getting some nigiri, the waiter was happy to make recommendations.  I tried the Toro, extremely fatty but delicious.The service was fantastic and the sushi was reasonably priced.  If I were traveling back to Pitt, I'd definitely consider stopping in Chaya's again and trying a wider variety of sushi.
5	My wife and I went her New Year's Eve night, 2010. We loved it! The atmosphere and service is fantastic. The staff is dressed very authentically Japanese and loves to interact with their clientele.The food was amazing. I had fried oysters, which are brought out in the shell. There were 5 or 6 on my plate and they were huge and oh so good. They tasted fresh and were excellently fried. My wife got the sashimi variety platter which looked and tasted fantastic. I really have nothing negative to say about this place. Our bill was approx $60 for 2 entrees, two appetizers, twos soups and salads. It was a very nice experience and date!
5	This isn't just the best sushi in Pittsburgh, it's the best representation of Japanese food, period.Not only do they get the food right, the ambiance is spot on as well. I stayed in Japan for a month and the atmosphere absolutely reeks of Japanese sensibility. Slightly cramped and personal but not too personal.The sushi is divine and it's been described a million times before me. Each piece is a perfect cut and perfectly constructed. The temperature is just below room temp so it melts in your mouth. The ingredients are some of the freshest in the city.Don't just go for the sushi. Try some of the other dishes, you might be surprised and like them. The inclusion of fried chicken, while seemingly odd, is an accurate accoutrement in Japan.Love it, love it, love it.Lookit my review for more. http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2011/02/17/rodzilla-reviews-chaya/
4	There is no way that you can beat buying your own six pack and posting up with it in a restaurant with great sushi.  Chaya's sushi selection is amazing and diverse.  My favorite was a spicy sunrise tempura roll, but everything I tried was great.  So we had some edamame, just to have something to snack on with our beers.  Now my friends brought some Hoegaarden, but I wanted to try to mix it up a little so, Dos Equis accompanied me through the night and boy was it a great night and surprisingly went very well with the sushi.Started off with spicy tuna and avocado roll and spicy tempura roll. It did take a little bit of time to get the order, but it was great once it arrived.  Normally I would/should just end with that, but I thought I might as well try something else of the menu.  Well the sunrise tempura roll was awesome, thoroughly enjoyed it.  Overall the service was very friendly and food was excellent.  This is the perfect spot for good sushi without all the overdone theatrics and spoofs of some other sushi joints.
5	Cozy little restaurant in Squirrel Hill with EXCELLENT japanese food and sushi. Our family is good friends with the owners of the place so they're alway super friendly to us when we come to eat. Even when they're not there, the wait staff is real friendly to us.Before your meal, the appetizer they give you is three pieces of fried chicken. IT IS SO GOOD. Cool appetizer (:I definitely recommend anything from their sushi / sashimi menu. It's always real fresh and well made. Get the sushi and sashimi combination. 6 pieces of sashimi, 6 california rolls, 7 pieces of sushi, 2 pieces of crab meat equals one satisfied and full customer!Their donkatsu is also so good! Get it when you're super hungry because they give you so much! Seriously, everything about this place is so good. The tempura, the udon soup, even their salad! Their ginger dressing is so good.Everyone go. Worth the money.
5	You can't tell the difference between food here and food in Japan, bottom line. An authentic Pittsburgh Best Eatery.
1	Ok- so I tried this restaurant based on Yelp reviews and unfortunately had one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life!  We went on a Friday night, so it was busy- not sure why?! The service was insanely slow- beyond ridiculous. So brutal.  Also, there looked like there was only one Sushi chef on a busy Friday night.The sushi and sashimi were well below average, both not smelling or tasting freshly.  Also, it wasn't a "cheap" place. All and all I was thoroughly disappointed with the ridiculously slow service as well as the sub par food.Yuck!
4	Y'know, in all the years I've lived in the neighborhood, I'd never been to this place.  Indeed I think the only Japanese restaurant I'd been to in Pittsburgh has been Kiku.  I finally tried this place the other night when my friend Karen and I decided it was just too hot to go to the Three Rivers Arts Festival.So I'm not big on sushi 'cos there's just something about raw, uncooked animal flesh that doesn't set well with me.  For those of us who aren't sushi fans, they have a lot of other things on their menu and --yikes-- it can be a little pricey!  Oh but it looks all so good.Well I kicked off my meal with some miso soup and believe me, I enjoy a good miso soup!  Whereas Karen did go for the sushi, I went for the Unagi Kabayaki or broiled eel which was really good.  I also opted for the complete dinner which inlcuded salad, a fried chicken appetizer, and the miso soup.  As I said, some of the items on the menu are a little expensive but the complete dinner I had was only about $19.00.  I topped my dinner off with some Mochi, which is green tea & red bean ice cream.Just so you know, Chaya doesn't serve alcohol but they do have BYOB.  But I suggest you try the oolong ice tea like I did, which was very refreshing.  They also have a whole bunch of Japanese soft drinks too.
5	The restaurant is much bigger since they moved 2 years ago.  If you want fresh sashimi this is the place to be. It doesn't have fancy rolls like you expect from other places so I could understand why some reviewers have been unhappy with the rolls. in fact, when we first moved to pittsburgh, my friends told me about it.  my gf hated it because she's more into the decadent rolls with all the toppings and sauces (like nakama)  However like places in japan, the quality of fish is the most important attribute of this restaurant.  I've tried every sushi place in town and it has the best freshest fish in town , hands down!  now i cant keep my gf from going back to this place every other weekend when she's in town. we're going to be very sad we cant eat at this place anymore.
4	Great place
2	I would admit that this is probably the only Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh that offers a more traditional, non-Americanized Japanese cuisine.  However, for their price (15-20$), the quality is sub-par at best.  I believe they are most known for their sushi, oft used in japanese society meetings - which i found them fine.  Their fried items (tonkatsu, tempura) seemed too oily - likely a result of reusing the same oil, the rice too dry (kiss of death for me for any japanese eatery) and the miso shiru too salty.  For a price around 20$... It is unacceptable.In Japan, Chaya quality would be par with cafeteria food.  Would you seem justified in paying 20$?  Unless you are dying for sushi, I would recommend going to Kiku for a similar price range (may be slightly more expensive).
2	I've had sushi boat here with one of my friend. The fish was not fresh at all and I feel like I've got ripped off! I don't think I am ever going back here again. I am a raw fish/sashimi person. I don't usually eat cooked/warm Japanese. Maybe their rice ball or warm dish are better. However, the only good thing I liked at this restaurant is their WASABI! I have to admit I loved it! Is it just impossible to find fresh sashimi in Pittsburgh?
2	Weird, weird place.  I've never been somewhere that made you feel so uncomfortable as a patron.This was on a Friday night from 8:30-~9:30.  They close at 9:45.The sushi was good - not spectacular.  The nice thing is that  the rolls were cheaper and smaller in portion size so you could sample a few.  I also liked the selection of nigiri. The attitude there - from the menu warnings to the inclusion of a  tip calculator with your bill is really weird.  When you open the menu, you are confronted with a list of about 7 or 8 rules of engagement.  These range from a refusal to split a check to a line that says they occasionally at their discretion add in a 17% service charge (not table occupancy related).  There were quite a few of these and it seem like an awful lot for a place that only seats about 25.It's BYOB, yet they charge $2 for every wine or beer glass and then an extra $3 for chilling or ice.  They didn't open our wine but just left a bottle opener at the table.The restaurant was fairly empty, yet all the prime booths and the Sushi bar seats were demarcated as "reserved".  We were the last people there and nobody ever came to claim the special seating.  They remained set and reserved until about 30 minutes before closing when they cleaned them off while we were eating.The restaurant is almost eerily quiet except for the occasional whispering among the wait staff. It seems like you aren't assigned any particular server as they all hover around your table waiting for you to want something.  When they aren't  doing this, they huddle in the corners and whisper to each other.  It's distracting with the lack of music.Really weird place.The final strangeness was that the bill is proffered in your typical black check book that contains a list of tip calculations in fluorescent green.For a place that seems to average about $70 for two people with tip, I don't think the weirdness is worth it.
5	Love this place.  Chaya is extremely good, decent prices and an hidden gem in Squirrel Hill.  This is my default go-to place for sushi.  Even better these days since they moved - however the secret is getting out and there is sometimes a short wait to get in.The waif-staff is always very nice.  Orders come out at typical speed for a sushi bar.  You'll wait a little longer when they are busy.Rolls are a perfect size - not to big, not too small.  Sashimi is a good sized too.  Japanese food is quite excellent as well.  I always have a hard time decided what to get here.My only complain with Chaya has been with their ventilation systems lately.  You don't notice it too much while you are there, but when you leave you smell like you have been working their all night.  They need to get that looked at!EDIT: Spelling
4	Pretty solid Japanese food, I must say. I'm originally from California and I go to school in New York so I've tasted some pretty good Japanese food before and I would definitely say that Chaya is among the top contenders. Is it the best Japanese food I've ever had? No, I wouldn't say that at all. But is it Japanese food that is enjoyable? Yes, I would definitely vouch for that.I think my slight issue is that I feel like the prices are a bit more on the expensive side. I don't think some of the items on the menu are reasonable at all, but I mean, I suppose they can charge whatever they want since they're one of the better places I've had in Pittsburgh. Service is very nice and always coming by to ask how the food is and if you want any water refills so at least that is good.If you want traditional Japanese cuisine in Pittsburgh and you have some money to spare, I would definitely say this is a place to go.
2	My fiance and I were really excited to try this place because of the Yelp reviews. I'm not sure if everything we chose was not the right thing to choose, but we were pretty disappointed. We started with the Sunrise Spider Roll + Fish egg with tempura soft-shell crab and the crab tasted like muddy crawfish. Maybe not the freshest? It was also really expensive for the portion we received. Misoshiru was very under-salted. My unagi kabayaki was full of bones (I'm guessing this is normal; it was my first time having it) and I spent the entire night picking out pin bones with my chopsticks, which actually really improved my chopstick skills. That was a plus.My fiance had the broiled black cod, which he said completely saved his entire experience. I tasted it and agreed.Why does fried chicken accompany every meal? It didn't really match any of the flavor profiles of any of our dishes, but it was pretty good taste-wise. Not the best fried chicken or anything, but three little nuggets don't hurt when you're given such a small sushi roll portion. Ideally, I'd like to try a place two more times before reviewing it, but we will definitely not be coming back. We've only tried one other sushi place, Plum, and it's definitely our regular place to go. Until we wanted to be adventurous and try other sushi places. Disappointed. :(Good points: Really fast service. We were asked how the food was every half-minute and our table was cleared off after each item was complete. It felt a little rushed but we appreciated the customer service.
4	I used to love love this place. Something is feeling a little off these days. I hope it's just not me. The sushis are as good as it gets. In my last visit, I got a toro (nigiri) and was quite disappointed. It was a thin slice of not so fresh toro for the same price that I paid for a fat piece of toro at an upscale place in DC. Really Chaya? Other than that, it is good. Highly recommend staying away from the "fancy" rolls. Devote the space in your tummy for the simpler stuff. Chaya does that really really well. My Japanese friend is a fan of Chaya. That feedback means a lot!
2	I come from NY so I have had some good Japanese food. This will be the closest Pittsburgh will ever get to it, and yet something about it just turns me off. It's not the best I've ever had, and yet they charge you as if it is. Maybe the reason I hate this place so damn much is because they're just unnecessarily expensive.
2	So we went to Chaya for the first time this evening around 7:30...and by the time we left, there was a line out the door (literally)!The atmosphere is very authentic, although I'm wondering how many people run into each other with the door AND the curtain for the entrance (really, do ya need both?).The food tasted alright....and was presented on very pretty authentic looking plactes.  I wouldn't say this was the best food that I've ever had, but I also wouldn't say that it was terrible.  A lot of their dishes came with a side of fried chicken...is that really Japanese?  I honestly don't know, but it wasn't bad.By the end of the night, the staff, consisting of four women, were literally running around...my guess is that they're not used to a crowd?  The service wasn't great or personable, but just like the food, it was just okay.All in all, it was decent enough, but it's not a very convenient location, parking is a hassle, and there was nothing that'll cause me to really want to go there again (although if I ended up there, I'd be okay with that too).
5	I was in Pittsburgh on business and chose two Japanese restaurants that sounded good according to reviews. Before I give my review I just want to talk about reviews I have read. Most bad reviews seem to be about expense. Most good reviews are about really good food. I was looking for good Japanese comfort food including good sushi. The menu I found on line had some of my favorites such as shishamo, ika natto, maguro no yamakake, moro-Q, so I knew this was a Japanese run restaurant. I only had the chance to go to one and this was a gem. I understand they recently moved to a larger space. It was still full - a good sign. It is BYOB and the odd part there was a charge of $2 to rent an empty glass for sake or beer and $4.50 to rent an ice bucket. I had never seen this anywhere and considered it odd. Since my total bill was well over $200 just for food, these rental fees were a bit annoying. The only other "bad" thing may be just a personal opinion. There was a slight odor of grease in the air from fryers, which is still on my clothes and jacket this morning. I don't like that, but it has nothing to do with whether the food is good or not. I think they need some different ventilation. The service was also great - very attentive and helpful. They all worked as a team, so several came by to see if we needed anything or to make suggestions.Finally, the food was excellent, just as I remember from all of my trips to Japan. The uni was truly fresh and was either California or Japan imported, since it was so sweet.  They didn't have another favorite (ika shiokara), but had a similar dish using baby (3") whole squid. Just as delicious! The nigiri rice was perfectly formed and the nigiri were the correct/perfect size and all the fish was very delicious. The sauces were perfect (Japanese style to enhance flavors - not overpowering to hide flavors as is found in so many lesser quality restaurants). The hamachi kama was also wonderful.  Even the wasabi was real wasabi, not the powdered kind. That was a real treat. If I really like a place I would try to sit at the sushi bar next and the sushi chef appears to have lots of personality. That also means the sushi bar was totally full. Perhaps I'll have a chance next visit. If I am back in Pittsburgh, you can be sure I will go there again!
3	I pass by Chaya everyday on the way to work, but never had a chance to eat there until two weeks ago. The place is only open for dinner from Mon-Sat (don't people eat out on Sunday??!!). We didn't get seated immediately because one of our friends hadn't arrived yet. When we told the waiter that she might not be coming, we still had to wait for another 15 minutes, although there were a few empty tables. I was kind of upset coz I was starving by then... We ordered the sushi set (tuna, salmon, shrimp, fish egg) and soba. My friends ordered tempura and chicken teriyaki. Our waiter warned my friends about the chicken--they're free-range, so expect dryness (and they were dry!). The sushi was surprisingly good! I wouldn't say that they're the best sushi, but I enjoyed them. The soba was OK. The tempura was crunchy and not oily at all. The chicken teriyaki wasn't tasty at all--not because of the chicken, but the whole thing was tasteless. The sauce was very little and it didn't look appealing at all. We had to wait for quite sometime for the food to arrive, but our waiter was kind and informative. I'll probably go there again if I crave for sushi... Otherwise, Murray Ave still has other gems.
4	Best sushi I have had so far in the area.  I am still learning the ropes, but this is authentic stuff.  An authentic decor, authentic staff, and authentic sushi.  It was very very good and the rolls are creative.
4	Always a pleasure to eat in a Japanese owned sushi restaurant.  Ambience is bucolic (weird description, I know, but the atmosphere was very calming).  Lots of thought goes into the presentation.  My friend ordered the blackened cod which was served on an expertly fashioned banana leaf.
5	The most authentic Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh area. I am Japanese and every time I go there I feel I am home.
4	Finally, a legitimate AND affordable Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh. (Please realize I crave sushi on a tri-weekly basis, at least.) While I'm still making my way down their sushi roll list, the Hobart St. roll is a favorite along with anything yellowtail.  And oh god, sashimi. THE FISH HERE IS FRESH.Street parking can be tough in Squirrel Hill but I recommend eating in; the place is complete with home-style Japanese ambiance--the waitresses all wear yukata and geta (wooden clogs) and shuffle around in a quite demure fashion.
2	Underwhelmed. Service slow. Once you have had sushi  at the Penn Avenue Fish Market, all else pales in comparison.
4	Chaya is going to be on my go to list for Japanese food. Service was nice and the food was good at a very great price. We arrived at about 8pm on a Saturday night and only waited for a few minutes. They gave us some moist toilettes to cleanse our hands. We were craving sushi, udon and tempura. I thought I would have to choose one or two of the three though we spotted the sushi and tempura udon combination for two - perfect. There was a lot of food: salad w/ ginger dressing, an assortment of about a dozen sushi rolls (I was pretty full by then..), tempura, some fried chicken pieces and then a bowl of udon. I was stuffed! And all of this food for the two of us was only $35. Woot!! My only gripe was that the wasabi was very mushy.
2	The extra star is for the fried chicken.  The lack of stars is for the expensive, boring, slightly stale, and tasteless sushi.  I mean, come on!  I have heard that it's really delicious and fresh and stuff on Friday nights, but that just makes me hate the place more.  Who the eff has their quality dictated by what day of the week it is?  Was I just eating bargain bin sushi at designer prices?  That pisses me off.I have had some soups there, which are decent, and the sushi, which is horrible, (never been there on a Friday).  Probably never will.  Especially since I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore.If this place were a fried chicken restaurant, I'd give it four stars.  Maybe five.
5	Most authentic Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh. I lived in Japan for three years, and every time I am missing Japan, I go eat at Chaya. In traditional Japanese style, customer service is top notch. Every server I've had also speaks Japanese, which is a plus for me. Most other Japanese restaurants in Pittsburgh have servers that don't speak the language.They do have rolls at Chaya if thats what you are looking for... Generally, when I ate out in Japan the sushi was one ingredient sushi so that's what I am used to. None of this fancy California Roll business.... that's not traditional Japanese food =DI only wish they would open for lunch hours!
3	lol
4	This is the best sushi place I've been to in Pittsburgh. It's pretty pricey for poor college students like me, but as a once in a while very special treat, I don't mind at all.I went here with a guy friend and we definitely came at the perfect time--around 6?--as we were leaving a huge rush of people came. Chaya was so cute--everything in it is Japanese themed, from the origami on the wall, to the kimonos that the servers wore.We ordered the dinner special for two which cost around $38 dollars and included salad, sushi, tempura, fried chicken, and udon. I was so full by the time we finished the sushi, but I still made room for the udon and the tempura.The sushi was great. It was all the usual nigiri, but everything was very fresh, unlike a lot of sushi places in Pittsburgh. The friend chicken was definitely a treat. It was hot, tender, juicy and just plain delicious.The tempura was crisp and delicate. I was a little surprised that no sweet soy sauce was given, but that wasn't a big deal at all. The udon was tasty as well. Not the best I've had, but still very good.I really liked this place because unlike most of the sushi places in Pittsburgh, it wasn't a Japanese fusion place. It seemed very genuine and the food was great and fresh ^_____^ I will definitely be back for special occasions :)
4	Being a sushi snob, I had always considered Umi to be the city's gold standard.  While it still is, Chaya is very solid as well.  My sashimi was as fresh as possible, which is the most critical requirement (in the East End, one must carefully avoid some other sushi stops).  My son ordered the basic sushi platter, so we didn't give Chaya the chance to show off it's creativity, but his sushi was fresh and well prepared. The dining area is very comfortable as well.PS - it is BYOB.  We stopped at East End Brewing first for a growler of beer, and the crisp waitstaff at Chaya had beer glasses on our table within seconds after we were seated!
2	I tried sashimi deluxe, not fresh, some pieces were too cold and little hard because some ice in it.Maybe trying sashimi in Pittsburg is not a good idea.
4	I fell in love with this place when I tried their broiled cod dinner.  It was flavored perfectly and although the portion was adequate I was hungry for more.  I went back the other night to try their sushi and their snow crab hot pot which were delicious as well.  There were a few sublime mouthfuls in the meal that justify the price and also the effort it takes to free crab meat from its shell.  Chaya seems like the most authentic Japanese place in Pittsburgh and I love the cozy small restaurant feel it has to it.  I see myself being a regular here and wish I had found out about the place sooner.  The dinners may seem expensive but are worth it as they provide soup salad and fried chicken with the meal as well for a slightly higher price.  The wasabi they use here is of a higher quality and is just another signal that the restaurant focuses on authenticity and quality.  Its only open for dinner but still I'd like to try their entire menu!  I hope to go sometime to get the sushi boat they have for 3 or more people or the kiseiki dinner for which you have to make a reservation.
5	I'm giving this 5 stars because I'm comparing it to other Japanese/sushi restaurants in Pittsburgh. Having lived in Seattle last year if I were comparing to everywhere I've been I would probably rate it 3 stars but good sushi is hard to find here.  My friend and I shared a sushi/sashimi combo and ordered a couple of rolls.  Everything was very good and seemed fresh.  Portions and prices were decent.  Definitely a good value for the price.  Not the best quality sushi I've ever had, but for Pittsburgh it's the best I've seen so far, but I haven't tried Umi yet which seems to be a lot pricier.  Ambiance was nice and service was good.  Food came out quickly.  I appreciated the other reviews on here alerting me that the restaurant was BYOB and so I came prepared with my own beer.  I kind of like that aspect of this place since Japanese places that do serve beer usually have a pretty limited selection.
1	First time at this restaurant because of all the good reviews. Unfortunately, I won't be returning. The service was superb, no doubt. But the fried chicken was tasteless, sushi was ordinary at best. After more than $50 later, both my hubby and I ended up spending the night in the bathroom.
5	My wife and I enjoy Japanese cuisine greatly. Pittsburgh has been very fortunate to have several great Japanese style restaurants open recently, but this is our favorite; our go-to place when we want sushi or omakase. We've been to Chaya many times over the past two years, and have never had one bad experience there. I would completely disagree with the negative reviews complaining about the sushi - we have always had extremely fresh, quality fish served to us at the correct temperature and with the correct type and texture of rice for sushi. Yasu-san puts a lot of attention to detail in his craft, and serves up quality food that is every bit as delicious and precise as the sushi I had while in Japan and in many famous American sushi restaurants in large cities.We have also had their omakase and shabu-shabu - both were excellent and very enjoyable experiences, and definitely recommended for a special occasion or a night out with good friends.The atmosphere is quite nice, and it is clear that Yasu-san and his staff have worked hard to mantain an authentic Japanese feel to the restaurant. At our last visit, it was very cold outside, and rather than seat us at the front of the restaurant, where it was very cold, they made their booth seating available to us, even though it is typically reserved for their reservation-only omakase dinners. Service is excellent; all of the staff work hard to bring out your order expeditiously and keep the correct pace for the meal.The restaurant is BYOB, which is not a problem - this allows you to have whatever you may wish to drink with your meal, although I would certainly love to see them offer Japanese beers, since they are a little more difficult to obtain from the distributors around me.My only complaint is not really the restaurant's fault, but rather the neighborhood's - parking is almost always difficult, and is metered parking on a really busy street. Make sure you bring quarters to feed the meters!We will always enjoy our visits to Chaya - and hope that you will too!
3	Chaya will always have a special place in my culinary heart as the restaurant where I first met my favorite maki -- umeboshi jelly + shiso leaf.That said, if I'm heading out to eat in Squirell Hill, it is not at the top of my list. The prices make it a special outing, and over my many visits I've had a few dishes that were just not to my liking.
4	Sushi in Pittsburgh is a daunting task. Knowing fully that wherever I go, nothing will fulfill my pretentious standards from my summers in San Francisco, I still attempt to remain open to whatever options this city might offer. And so, I've tried it all, from the egregiously overpriced option in Station Square, to the fishy (pun!) deals in South Oakland, and everything in between (including the all-you-can-eat turned all-you-can-poop travesty along 51).Chaya was, in my opinion, pretty alright. I got the chirashi--the fish was good, the rice was tasty, the salad and soup were standard. Because lately I'm into lists, two things set Chaya apart from its competitors:1. The wasabi is home-made. Yes, sweet Lord, yes. This delicious treat does not come from a tubed container, and it is recommended that you do not mix it in with the soy sauce. Rather, apply it directly to your sushi. Or, eat it plain like I did. It's delicious.2. The management is warm and friendly and eager to refill your tea. I'm sure this experience may change depending on the night, but it definitely made our meal feel much more relaxed.I'm not going to rave about this place (except for the wasabi), but it's worth trying.
5	This place is so expensive but it has consistently been work every cent.  I go coo coo (sp?) for their egg custard, known as chawanmushi.  SO GOOD.  Everything there is so great!  I highly recommend.  It's authentic.  Their wasabi is also fresh.  If you want good Japanese, this is the place to go.   Go big or go home!
5	Exceptional service. Great food. Had the combo tempora and several rolls. Large portion. High quality. Very authentic. Our son was really craving sushi; we're glad we came here. Highly recommend.
2	Pretty expensive, but the flavor can be improved much. The salmon smells weird.
5	Short update here - we went back for dinner this past week, and have found that this place continues to deliver. Service is always wonderful here - Amanda is almost always our server, and I definitely think she's wonderful. Her recommendations are always spot on, and honestly, we just go with what she recommends. Our selections for the evening were:Kara-age Fried Chicken - delicious!Mixed Tempura Appetizer - light and crunchy; very tastyUdon - wonderful dashi broth and tasty rice noodles - out little one almost wouldn't give any up for us!Sushi - Salmon belly aburi - wonderful smoky and salty flavor              Tropical island roll - delicious; the radish sprouts accent the flavor of this roll              Shiso-saba - Delicious combination of strong taste of mackerel with shiso              Hamachi belly - Delicious! Haven't had this before - every bit as good as toro!              Yellowtail scallion roll - classic favorite for us              Hirame - Cousin of the flounder; deliciously light and soft every timeI am sincerely astounded by the reviews that are sub 4 stars for this place, since I've had sushi in many major metropolitan centers, including Japan, and think this place is extremely comparable to the great sushi you can get from places like Miami and NYC.Glad to keep visiting this place - will definitely be back!
5	While the sushi selection at Chaya looked great, we decided to try a few other items instead.  We sampled a handful of apps, including their egg custard, various pickles, and soft shell crab.  The custard was solid, the soft shell crab was accompanied by an awesome dipping sauce, and the pickled vegetables were great!  We also went with the beef udon dinner entree.  Yes, it seemed a bit odd that it comes with pieces of fried chicken, but wow that's some unique fried chicken.  By the time we got to the udon, we were both approaching full, yet the first taste ensured we both made room to enjoy.
4	Lovely atmosphere, good food, excellent service!
4	We arrived early on a Friday night and the place was Packed.. After a short wait we were seated. It was apparent that our server was very busy and had too many tables but she still provided decent service. The menu is simple and we ordered sushi and some dessert. The sushi was very good. Not the crazy sushi that has become all the rage with rolls as big as your fist, just plain old simple sushi focused on good fish. It was a nice change of pace. The rolls were reasonably priced as was the rest of the menu.  We both said we would definitely come back and we liked the atmosphere.
5	Chaya is a great Japanese restaurant that provides conscientious service in an intimate little setting. I heard about this place from Japanese friends who opined that this was the place to go when they miss home. If you are looking to splurge a little and are adventurous, I highly recommend the omakase, which requires a minimum of two heads and two days notice. We received about 9 courses, with soups, stews, sauteed mushrooms/vegetables and an assortment of seafood. The Chef will not let you down, and you'll get the opportunity to try items you may not otherwise get to experience. The service staff have been the same for years and provide great attentive service without being intrusive. They refill your green tea constantly, take away your plates and serve you with the next item with perfect timing.Parking on Murray can be tough at times, but there are usually plenty of parking opportunities on the side streets if you are willing to walk a little. BYOB.
4	Great place to go to for Japanese food in Pittsburgh! It is more on the pricey end but it is worth it. The chef, waiters, and owner are actually Japanese instead of Chinese so this isn't your typical Chinese-Japanese fusion restaurant. Some of their daily special fishes are flown in from Japan so of course very expensive.Their sushi is very fresh but I always order their Tonkatsu Dinner. The Dinner comes with a cutlet, rice,  Kara-age Fried Chicken, soup and salad for $16-17. Perfect for sharing if you want to same some money.One of my favorites is their Udon. The Nabeyaki Udon comes with two shrimp tempura that are nice and crispy. It's also full of vegetables (I think it might have been enoki mushrooms, Napa cabbage, shitake mushrooms, tong ho). The broth was wonderful and the noodles had a great texture.I've also tried their Omakase Mini Kaiseki Dinner which was $47 a person. This is where I deduct a star. It was both expensive and not worth the price. The sushi and sashimi they give you for this are average whereas I know some places in Manhattan give you all different kinds in their Omakase for less. The broiled fish was also a little dry. I won't say the food wasn't good because it was, but the quality definitely doesn't match the price.For dessert I recommend the green tea ice cream. They roll little rolls of green tea ice cream in matcha powder. The mochi ice cream is also delicious. Both are kind of overpriced but perfect to end the meal.
5	Went here with my parents the other night. My whole family is crazy about sushi, so we always have high expectations. This is easily the best sushi I've ever had in Pittsburgh. If you get a sushi platter, you get an excessive amount of food. My parents and I loved this place! The quality and presentation of the food was fantastic. The ambiance/environment is okay, but the food more than makes up for it
4	This is a really comfortable place to have a traditional Japanese meal. The servers were dressed in full authentic kimono (most places don't take the time nor expense to also wear the obis), the bamboo and other decorations created a nice Asian environment. There were so many polar reviews...seemed folks were either really happy or not. So I didn't really know what to expect. The sushi rolls were priced modestly, but they are for the smaller rolls versus the "regular" sized roll. The flavor was good and it hit the spot.I am so glad we went and I will be going back when I return to Pittsburgh! It is so nice to have a decent Japanese restaurant in Squirrel Hill!
4	First of all, be there early at dinner time because there will be a LONG line. The price is slightly higher than many other "normal" sushi places but trust me Chaya really deserves the price. Sushi and sashimi are authentic and come in fresh. Every piece of salmon and tuna gently licks your tongue. The sushi rice is moderate and suits the ingredients well. The wasabi is a little bit dry and powder-wise, but how could you criticize that if you are not in Japan?
3	After hearing from friends and reading so many good reviews about the place, we went last week. The Sushi was very good but it is definitely on the pricy side.
4	The sushi here is great, and I would even pick it over the way more expensive Umi. The rolls are pretty inexpensive, and they sell nigiri by the boat, so come with friends! I've had great luck with their scallop, salmon, and shrimp, but was a bit disappointed with the toro every time. They won't seat you until your whole party is there. They tend to get pretty busy and have a difficult time accomodating large groups.
5	Food here are awesome! This's a wonderful place for Japanese food. Waitresses are very friendly. The restaurant run completely by Japanese. Definite recommended.
5	Expensive but fresh and worth the money. They're always busy for a reason!! So delicious and consistent, anytime I want Japanese sushi Chaya always hits the spot. My husband and I have been to Japan and had amazing sushi at Michelin star restaurants and Chaya is comparable to those places. Not only is their sushi to die for but all their other dishes are authentic also. The owner is Japanese (the sushi chef) and most of the workers are Japanese also, makes you feel like you're in Japan! I'd recommend any of the deluxe sushi platters, the tonkatsu, any broiled fish-- if you want to try then all they offer a mini set for $50ish/person!! Best sushi in Pittsburgh!
4	The sushi was delicious. The other food didn't compare. If I go back here I would just stick with the sushi. The waitress and other employees were very attentive. Nice atmosphere.
5	If you're looking for Japanese food in Pittsburgh, then Chaya is your place.  I visited Chaya a whole lot in college, and when I was back in town for a few days it was at the top of my places to visit.Something I should note here is that Chaya is not good for large groups.  They only have a few tables/booths that can fit more than 4 people and those can fill up, so either take a small group, go early, or be prepared for a potential wait.  Unfortunately, they do not take reservations, and you can't get seated until your entire party is there.I haven't had anything from Chaya that I haven't enjoyed.  When I started going here I actually didn't eat raw fish, and I really liked the tempura and the katsu dons (rice bowls).  Now that I have added sushi to my diet, I can also recommend Chaya's - the fish is fresh, the sushi is well-constructed, and this is one of the rare places that uses fresh wasabi.  If you're visiting with a friend or can convince one of the people in your party to split something, the sushi boat or the combination dinners with sushi and a soup are fine choices.  If you order the dinner set (which I recommend), entrees come with miso soup, salad and fried chicken.Chaya was just as good as I remembered - outstanding food and friendly service.  I'll definitely try to eat here again the next time I'm back!
3	Really good sushi And generly love the salmon teriyaki but tonite tried the shrimp teriyaki and it was not so good, the staff claims pre cooked shrimp is the normal  preparation but I would  not order it ever again if that is so
4	Love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love it ! So japan just come and eat ......................
4	Chaya is the place to go in Pittsburgh for authentic Japanese food. Upon entering the restaurant, I was instantly transported back to Japan. You know it's the real deal when the waitresses are wearing kimonos and the owner/sushi chef is chatting with patrons in Japanese. To further enhance the authenticity, they gave my friend and I warm toilettes to wipe our hands. Our waitress was so nice and did not rush us into deciding. My friend I decided on sharing the Deluxe Sushi and Sashimi combination. The course started off with a tasty Japanese salad with ginger dressing and miso soup (which was a tad underseasoned of miso). The next appetizer was Japanese styled fried chicken. Although the pieces were small, they were perfectly seasoned and fried to perfection. I highly recommend adding the lime that comes with it to further enhance the fried chicken. When the star of the course came, I was excited. The presentation was very simple and divided the sushi by section. The platter included 6 pieces of maki, 6 pieces of sashimi, 6 pieces of California roll, and two pieces of different sized salmon roe. The type of fish offered were: salmon, tuna, fluke, shrimp, and yellowtail. I was very impressed by the freshness of the fish and the appropriateness of the thickness of the nigiri and sashimi. I would give Chaya 5 out of 5 star for not the following two reasons. I didn't think that the California roll was made correctly with the rice around the seaweed paper being too thinly layered. My other reason is that I've had better (curse my food background in NYC). For Pittsburgh, this is definitely the place. My friend and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal. I highly recommend getting a combination because the progression of the meal is an experience. When the sushi comes, it immediately grabs your attention even though it's not filled with fancy vegetables.
3	FOOD - I had their sushi/sashimi boat, uni appetizer, desserts, and few other food. Everything was very fresh. I've heard that they get their fish fresh from market everyday. They are also usually referred to as one of the freshest sushi from Pittsburgh. However, their sushi/sashimi boat lack of variety, their rolls are neither flavorful nor creative. Their udon/soba noodles have plain average taste. Overall their food is pretty boring.SERVICE - Their service is okay. Not good but not bad.ENVIRONMENT - It is conveniently located in squirrel hills and is pretty busy most of the time. There are often some people waiting for a table. The place is not loud and pretty quiet and clean.Overall, It is the go to place for sushi/sashimi(salmon/tuna mainly), but maybe not for rolls or any other Japanese food.
4	This is a fabulous BYOB and sushi spot. Incredible food with fairly good prices. The service is also very good and the staff is very helpful. It can be very busy on weekends so be sure to make a reservation for large parties. Also keep in mind that they are closed for lunch!
4	This is probably a special occasion type of place, but the food is great and service is pleasant. Probably a great place for a date. I think it's Japanese owned, which is rare nowadays for a sushi restaurant, unless i've been fooled and its Korean or Chinese owned, but the sushi chef spoke Japanese as did the servers. The servers wear kimonos too which is cute. The meals (soup, chicken kaarage, salad, tempura, and main entree - noodles or sushi) are great, and they come with alot of food. It's a little pricy, but you get good quality with it.
4	I love sushi and Japanese food in general, and Chaya is one of the best Japanese restaurants I have been to.I came here a while ago on my first trip to Pittsburgh and on my recent trip, I knew I had to stop by again. The food is amazing, we ordered a bunch of items, but I am just going to highlight my favorites.  The sashimi is fresh and the portion was great.  Make sure to try their fatty tuna and salmon.  Additionally, their fried chicken is fantastic, crispy, fragrant, and moist.The waitress was very nice and the owner was running around helping out as well.  It's always great to see, a business owner dedicated and truly care about their customers.It is more on the pricey side of Pittsburgh but well worth it.I will definitely be back on my next trip.
5	Absolutely delicious. Authentic cuisine and nice staff. I know a place is good when something I usually don't like tastes good. My friend had me try her lomi lomi salad (I usually don't like salmon) and I ended up devouring the whole thing.
4	I've only been to this restaurant once. Based on the workers I saw, i got the impression that this restaurant is particularly authentic. At least they do a good job of trying to be?Anyway, I got a tofu appetizer, 4 rolls and several pieces to share with another person and I don't remember our check being too bad! For how much we ordered, we got pretty full and satisfied. However, I remember feeling underwhelmed by the size and quality if fish. Also, the rolls didn't arrive at our table in the best form; the presentation was okay. They gave very little ginger, and they only had regular soy sauce vs. less sodium sauce. But I think I was craving sushi so bad I didn't really care.I will most likely go again because it's really close to where I live and it satisfies the craving so...
5	The sushi was fresh, the service was great, it felt like a genuine restaurant from Japan. Whenever I went, there was always a bit of a wait, but the wait is worth it.
4	Probably one of the best for value places to get sushi in the city, and I'm talking the more authentic kind! I got the sushi and sashimi combo platters to share with a date and it was more than enough food!Also the place is BYOB, go to wine and spirits next door to grab a bottle of wine or sake!
