5	My wife and I were staying in Scottsdale and we absolutely LOVED this place for the atmosphere as well as the food! We are definitely going back as soon as we return to the Phoenix area! They had a Vespa oyster bar right when you walk in--never seen anything like it! At first, we wondered if they were just a cute idea but thought they might not be comfortable. However, when we sat down, it was just as comfortable as any other seat--the oysters were very fresh and there was a lot of selection.From the oyster bar, to the appetizers, to our main entrees, we were very impressed with the food. The seafood was incredibly fresh and the fusion side dishes really complemented each of our meals. They apparently fly their fish in fresh every day (which you basically have to do if you are going to serve fresh seafood this far from the ocean).Though the place was crazy busy, the service was solid. Our waiter gave us space but made sure we were taken care of and that our drinks remained refilled, plates cleared, etc. The chef and the owner came over to our table and really made us feel welcomed. We had a truly special experience and are looking forward to going back soon.
5	Just got back from our dinner and had to write to say how amazing Cutttlefish is. Finally a restaurant like this is in Scottsdale. The crudo the cocktails the sardines the service the desert even the special coffee is unique and delicious. This place is so original and elegant with such delicious and clever combinations of ingredients that work perfectly. This is my new favorite restaurant and I cannot wait to come back. It is rare to find a menu where you want to try everything and every dish is appetizing and enticing. I hope cuttlefish is extremely successful.
5	Excellent food service atmosphere    This  is a new restaurant  and will be  very successful!  The meat was cooked to perfection.  Oyster bar with scooters something I have never seen.   The owners mingled with guests.  Fantastic.
3	The atmosphere is very unique as you enter and see an oyster bar with Vespa Scooters with lit lights parked around it. The dining room is sort of classic but modern and clean but the booths look nice but are not the most comfortable. We were going to start with the ambitious dish of grilled sardines but they were not available and decided to just get down to dinner.Soon warm herb butter with pine nuts arrive and two small loafs of surprise bread. I note we were asked by the server if the pine nuts were an allergy for either of us but she didn't mention we got olive bread (that was delicious) and SQUID ink Bread. When I saw it I knew it wasn't pumpernickel.My husband's Adriatic Stew was delicious in a well made broth and was nearly perfect.My Verlasso Salmon with cooked threw and moist with a very masterfully seasoned crisp skin and a well made lemon white wine reduction. It's not a deal breaker of any kind but crispy capers didn't make it to my plate. I didn't feel like complaining for crispy capers I just look at that as an opening hiccup. My Roman Artichokes were much inedible material and were a small amount as they were. They get points for doing fresh artichokes but maybe they just couldn't get good ones this week.We shared a side of Lacinato Kale that is described as Kale with white beans and anchovy. I think the anchovies were hanging out with the sardines and capers as they also didn't make it here. (another hiccup) I don't know for a fact but  to me the beans seemed like plain unseasoned canned beans just added to lightly cooked kale. (more hiccups)No one asked us while we were dining how our meal was but we were asked twice afterwords how it was. We did mention one thing and were thanked for that.Some opening hiccups. Lots of room for potential with a unique Italian seafood menu that is hard to come by in Arizona.I think they will improve.3 stars is honest and not negative and means worth trying.
1	Wow, we had a bad experience there last night.  I was all excited after looking at the menu online.  This is a pricey place, but people were dressed in their usual Scottsdale slob fashion, even guys with ball caps on backwards.  Please, it is the friggen holidays, can you at least take your hat off?  I can't blame the place for that of course.  We arrived a bit before 8 for our 8PM reservations, were told they were behind, to take a seat at the bar.  It was 5 deep there and deafening, but a large party left and we got a corner spot after a few minutes.  The people next to us were ranting about their food, as in ranting that they hated it. Since we were nearly on top of them, I questioned what they didn't like so I could be sure not to order it.  They insisted the bartender get us a couple of utensils and a plate to taste what they were having.  Why not?  The ciopinno(sp?) was so salty I could not believe it.  A clam dish was rubbery and  salmon appetizer (on toast) was just tasteless.  They had something else but had sent it back.  I really don't know what the restaurant did about their bill, but they were off to Roaring Fork to get some reliable food.  Still we might have tried the food but then it was 8:30 and still no sign of a table.  I really won't wait anywhere, anytime, and would have probably walked out before that if the bar neighbors had not been so entertaining.  So we left and went to Soi Four, another reliably decent place.Maybe it is not fair to give them one star without really even having a meal. We will try it again after the ubermobs have moved on.  And it is new.  But I still won't wait around for a table when I make reservations.  Warning, the place is deafening, and I don't find the Vespa bar all that cute.
5	What a great place! My wife and I decided to stop in for a late dinner and were pleasantly surprised. We were greeted by what appeared to be the owner and he was very nice and hospitable. We pulled up right at the oyster bar, what a cool thing, the seats were Vespa scooters! The oyster selection was next to amazing and the mignonette was delicious. My wife and I split the salmon and it was cooked to perfection and deliciously seasoned. We will be back for sure. I can't complain about anything! Strong 5 stars
3	Went there for New Year's Eve dinner with two other couples. The good: Nice space & decor, great drinks and non-seafood dishes were surprisngly solid. A wonderful pork belly & fig appetizer. Chicken saltimbocca and purple mashed potato entree was delightful. Service was pretty good considering the full house and how recently they've opened.The meh: Seafood dishes got mixed reviews. Fried cuttlefish appetizer was just so-so. Guys liked their monkfish over a bed of rice but the ladies said the crudo and cod dishes were nothing to write home about.Piano/vocal duo was pretty loud and not very good.Not great, not awful, but you'd expect more for the price. And if you're a seafood restaurant, the seafood really ought to be special.
5	The ambiance is candlelit yet casual at the same time. You can easily dress up and fit in or dress casual and be perfectly fine.Food is beyond words. Highly recommend the oysters and the seafood salad! Uhh-mazing!!! Service-Food-Drinks= Top notch. MUST TRY.
5	We loved this place.The decor and ambience are fantastic, as you can see when you walk in to the Oyster Bar surrounded by real Vespa scooters for seats.  The raw bar is very tasty and the menu is chock full of excellent choices.  I recommend the Wreckfish, which I'd never had, or the Monkfish.  Both were outstanding.The drinks and wine selection is great and the staff/service is excellent. We are going back.
1	I was excited to see a new restaurant in my neck of the woods, but this one fell flat!  I ordered the surf and turf skewer and it was happy hour, which means $3 off all apps and drinks!! Yeah, I thought! Well, the menu said "prawns" as in plural! However, when my appetizer arrived it had one prawn (and I think it was just a jumbo shrimp and not a prawn) and 2 very small pieces of well done filet! WTH!! I asked the bartender why I only got one "prawn" when the menu said prawns---with an "S!" In between talking to her friend at the bar about how often the two of them hung out and ate oysters--a conversation I didn't want or need to hear--she replied, "Oh, the Happy Hour appetizer only comes with one prawn!" (Again, I use the term "prawn" with much reservation!) In my humble opinion, that should have been indicated on the menu or, at the very least, explained prior to me getting this lack lusture appetizer! Had I know, I would have ordered the regular appetizer! In addition, the food needed some seasons! It was bland and over priced!
5	I have now been back to Cuttlefish for an early dinner/business meeting and was really impressed with consistency of their quality, as were my guests. We had several of the seafood appetizers and entrees, including the Albacore, Salmon, and Wreck fish. I cannot recommend the Albacore enough--incredible fusion of sweet and salty. I plan on being back in the area over the next couple of weeks and cannot wait to go back! This will be my go-to place every time I am in the Phoenix area.
5	My wife and I have been to Cuttlefish three times since it has opened.  Each time we have both tried something different on the menu and all of the apps and entrees have been great.  Big portions and meals have a great presentation.  The smoked Manhattan is awesome.  We are big fans.In addition to the food, we have also loved the ambiance of the restaurant and bar.  I think the Vespas are an awesome touch.  Finally, I have never experienced a restaurant that the hostess remembers you by first and last name after only one visit.  Maybe that happened to Norm in Cheers, but it is great to have a restaurant that recognizes you and provides you with personalized service.  Two big thumbs up from my wife and me!
2	My wife and I looked forward to our evening at Cuttlefish with great anticipation, having a great love of oysters, especially.  So I'll cover the food first, before I get to the service, if you can call it that.  We ordered 15 oysters with three crude, shrimp, albacore, and yellowtail.  The assorted oysters were good, but apart from the Washington State oysters, nothing special (a note: we've tasted Galician oysters in Spain, and Cancale oysters in Brittany, so maybe we've been spoiled for life, but we've had much more distinguished oysters here in the US).  The only crudo we would order again is the shrimp, citrusy and understated.  The other two were overly sweet and over the top; the raisins and pomegranate drowned the delicate taste of the fish.  Our pasta dishes were both excellent.  My wife enjoyed the manila clams and calamari over taglialini, with hot chiles.  I had the spaghetti with Dungeness crab, sea urchin, and prawns.  It appeared to be a small portion when served, but it was rich, rich, and incredibly delicious.Now to the ahem...service.  It's said that dogs have no conception of time.  Neither do the hostesses at Cuttlefish or anyone serving food.  We were told the wait for our "reserved table" would be five minutes.  A half hour later, the hostess was nice enough to bring us and our fellow "waiters" a glass of Prosecco.  We were finally seated at a quiet table on the outside patio.  No one came.  Finally, we were served water, although mysteriously, the waters disappeared within the next ten minutes.  We had to ask that a waiter come to our table.  He seemed surprised that no one had served us and said that he would take care of us if no one else did.  Huh?  We placed our order for the oysters, and then, who appears?  Another waiter.  We told him that we had finally been served.  The first waiter then appeared, and they appeared to argue over who would be serving us (it's always nice to be fought over in a nice restaurant).  The wine steward did a nice job, although there was no ice bucket for the white wine, and we had to ask for one (c'mon! you're a seafood restaurant...I'll bet you sell a bottle or two of white wine).  I won't bore you with the rest, but getting anything required work and patience, up to and including the bill.  Our waiter never came back to present the check, or thank us, say goodnight (isn't that what they normally do to end the evening on a pleasant note, and also encourage a nice tip?)  I really can't remember who brought the bill back.So, to be fair, some excellent seafood pasta dishes, ok oysters, very nice heated patio, and really bothersome "service," and I use the term as loosely as one can.  For $180 for two with a 13% tip which I though was really generous (I normally leave at least 20%), I expect a lot more, and I'm sure you do too.
1	When My husband and I passed by this restaurant the first time we knew we had to try it!! Such a perfect name for a high end restaurant and from the outside it looked so enchanting! Much to my surprise this restaurant is mediocre at best. Once you walk in to the restaurant the decor and atmosphere is a mood kill. From the outside it looks so sexy and once your inside you'll feel as if you're in some beach house in the Hamptons; makes no sense. Bright restaurant full of older folk. The food is so subpar it was shocking. Decor aside, everything on the menu looks absolutely delicious!! What a let down!! Nothing stood out, nothing was exciting, and nothing was different.Don't bother asking your waiter any details on how food is prepared either because they won't know; instead, they will open your menu and read off of it acting like they knew the whole time. Don't waste your Saturday night here. You won't be impressed. Such a let down for a restaurant that sounds so great!I read reviews and decided to give it a chance anyway but regretted it later.
5	What a great new place ! The concept is fun and different. I love the Vespa bar, I have never seen anything like it. As for the food me and my husband loved it! We started with wedge salad, then for my main course I got the seared scallops,w/a side of gnocchi, my husband got the salmon w/a side lobster mash potato. Every thing had so much flavor and presentation was great. This is defiantly a place  I will return to since we travel to az frequently !
4	My husband I had were very pleased with our first visit.  The atmosphere is very inviting and the menu is very diversified. Our server knew the menu very well, which is always a help.  We both started off with the Clam Chowder Pot Pie, which was fabulous.  It was a very generous portion, served with a twist.  It was very filling, so we decided to order an appetizer of lollipop dates to share....they were delicious...and we shared the crab and shrimp salad plate.  Everything was served to perfection.  On our next return, we will come with bigger appetites and try their different entrees, which sounded amazing.  It seemed that everyone around us were enjoying their meals, which is always a good sign!
5	Cuttlefish is in the Shops at Gainey Village. A hop, skip and a jump away from my one of the places I work. Alas, I waited for the busiest nights to test the newest seafood joint. (A band was playing outside.) I was surprised then when our party was greeted like part of their extended Italian family."Hmm. Better return for my *own* experience." Turns out Cuttlefish offers a familial experience to everyone. (Smooches, hugs by Vincinza and Gino!) I later asked my friends how many times they had visited to warrant such fanfare. (Once.) I returned the next day for some more love. The food was that unbelievable.Then I learned about their killer HH. (2pm-8pm!) Details at the end. Dangerous information.FOODSo the food. Hoh. My. Goodness. If I could cook it would be like this. But since I can't (shh) I would eat here all the time. After careful deliberation (too many mouth watering choices) I devoured the sea scallops. They're served on a delightful bed of risotto. The scallops were gingerly cooked to perfection, topped with bacon and a jam of sorts. My Instagram title for the photo is "Orgasmic". Yep. Paired with a simple salad of mixed greens (which was generously sized) I was stuffed. ....and yet....Our table shared a dessert called Cassata. Sweet goat cheese was whipped into a surprising treat. I say "our table" but really that means I ate most of it :) Gino, who waited on us like a cousin, suggested an excellent bottle of Italian pinot noir by Candoni.DESIGNThe exterior of the restaurant offers wonderful, refined table dining. The interior of the restaurant is designed with Italy in mind. The oyster bar is surrounded with Vespas. Yes, Vespas! Cutest thing ever. (Seriously, have a peek at my photos.) The main dining area offers plenty of seating options. Four top tables with chairs sprinkle the center area. Booths line the walls. The booths are for 1-2 adults. The bar area also offers high top seating. This is a place to impress!CUTTLEFISH?Oh, you have to try it. Calamari lovers will rejoice. This is better! I needed some schooling so I asked my waiter Matt for the 411. A Cephalopod is any member of the molluscan class Cephalopoda. (Props to Matt for being able to spell that for me.) These buggers are characterized by bilateral body symmetry, a prominent head and a set of tentacles. Sometimes cuttlefish are called inkfish, referring to their common ability to squirt ink. Boom.Cuttlefish, the restaurant, flies their speciality in *all* the way from Sicily. They weigh, on average, 23 lbs.MUY IMPORTANTHH is 2-8pm! (Woooot!) $3 off the bar menu. $3 off glasses of wine. $3 off specialty drinks. Bottles of wine are 30% off.This is a new staple in my eating rotation. Come and be merry here!p.s. Try the Date Lollipops to share. The smoked bacon is like nothing else. The mixture of dates, bacon, blue cheese and agave is mm-mm-mm!
1	I walked out on Valentines Day with my wife. This was a Horrible experience in all aspects, with nothing redeeming on any level. Be advised! Do not go to this restaurant! Get a frozen dinner and you'll be more satisfied. I guess I will start at the beginning. I made reservations over a month ago. I was expecting something more... way more than what I experienced tonight. We were treated with less customer service than a fast food restaurant.  We walked in at our reservation time. The hostess seemed very confused. They were young but without any customer service training. We would have been better trying to seat ourselves. They did not know if our table was ready. Then they tried to seat us in the two worst tables in the house. We were forced to not sit in the dinning room, but in the packed bar. Soon after were served water and bread. Our waitress seemed attentive (later to find out she also was awful). We tried to order drinks but or waitress came back 3 times to tell us they were out of the selections we desired. The waitress used some weak excuse that they did not receive their shipments or someone decided to not order it. At this point we should have gotten up and left. However, we decide against our better judgment to stay. My wife ordered a Cabernet and she was then served a glass of white wine. I then ordered a Martini, which had so much vermouth that it was undrinkable. Still, for some reason we ordered appetizers.       We had the Tuna and the famous Cuttlefish Calamari. The Tuna was bland and had no seasoning. The Cuttlefish was also bland (big surprise) and the provided dipping sauce was not to my liking. I ask the waitress for a cocktail sauce which never came. After our first bite of this less than mediocre cuisine she was pushing the main course. It was clear that this was not a dinning experience. I never received the accouterments I requested. I was now livid. Nothing we ordered was available. Service was terrible. Food was awful. Nothing about this restaurant was even decent. I requested the check, which found its way to our table scary fast. Our waitress made no attempt to try to rectify this situation.      Now, one would think this would have been enough. However I must be a glutton for punishment. I decided to talk to management. Wrong choice! I spoke to the "manager" and was insulted again. The manager informed me that it was a new restaurant and that it was obvious that someone decided to "pick on us". The manager gave us a half-ass apology, and then again emphasized that it was a "new restaurant and that someone picked on us". WTF! Picked on us?!? We were out of there with $60 down the sewer (I use that verbiage purposely)! The food was swill and overpriced swill. Cuttlefish is an embarrassment to even subpar restaurants. I have never been more insulted. I have never had a worse experience. I will never go back. They almost ruined our Valentines Day. However, we made the right choice and went to a Sam Fox restaurant where we were taken care of. So, thank you to Sam Fox!Cuttlefish belongs on Restaurant Nightmares Hall of Fame with Amy's Baking Company!Terrible, awful, crap in all respects!
5	Went for a special event and the food was great!!  Can't wait to go back for a regular meal!!!Can sit on a Vespa at the Oyster bar...good beers too...
5	I've seen mixed reviews on Yelp so far, so it was nice to have the opportunity to try it for myself in this setting.   I liked it.   Since we had the opportunity to sample a number of dishes, such as the pork belly, salmon, oysters, and the tuna cones, I feel like I got a nice cross sample of their offering.  Everything was tasty, and the mini-ice cream cone-esque tuna appetizer is a really cool outside-the-box type of treat.   Winning!  I will say that the raw oysters had just a tad too much salt, but they were obviously high quality, well sourced and none-the-less good.  I love that this place is green and utilizes sustainable seafood, which is flown in and it's as fresh as you're going to get in AZ.  After grabbing some apps, we cozied up to the bar and had a few beverages.  Our bartenders were friendly and attentive.  No complaints!Loved the layout of the restaurant.  The patio seating areas were nice, and I like that it's only one row of tables per side.  Makes it a little more intimate.  Inside, the bar area was welcoming, the raw bar area with the scooter seats was unique and it's shape gives you the ability to see what's happening and socialize with the other patrons, should you choose to do so.  The dining area was nicely laid out as well.  Definitely looking forward to spending another evening (and a few $$) here in the very near future!
4	Wifey came her for an Elite event earlier in the week, and suggested we go eat. What a great place to get some good pasta and seafood. The menu consists mostly of Italian seafood dishes, with some great sides. We had the yellowtail crudo that was very good. It had a good sweet and sour vinaigrette and great texture. I went with the spaghetti with crab, shrimp and sea urchin. it was absolutely perfect, the sea urchin giving the sauce an orange hue and that delicious briney quality I like from a good seafood pasta. Wifey had the shrimp and grits (shrimp and polenta) that she loved. WE also got a side of Gnocchi for my daughter, which were awesome and perfectly tender. Service was decent, and the layout is nice. I'd definitely go back.
5	Ok a little hesitant after reading the negative reviews but we celebrated my birthday with a dinner here. The food was wonderful. Lean cuisine???? Now the portions aren't huge and the prices are a little high but the food was great. Lobster mashed potatoes, gnocchi and seafood pasta special were perfectly prepared. The pasta was served al dente and I prefer a softer pasta but that was my bad for not speaking up when I ordered. Service was great too. Another server actually asked me if she could get something for me even though I had a different server. We are going back for 1/2 price oysters on Wednesdays
4	Staff greeted us in a warm and welcoming fashion. The centerpiece as you walk in is a stunning oyster bar surrounded by actual Vespa bar stools! Fun! Our waiter, Troy, was knowledgeable and accommodating. Our entrees were all delicious: scallops, salmon, seafood spaghetti & seafood stew. The tables were well appointed. Music was soothing and not too loud. Conversation was easy in this atmosphere. We'll be back!!
5	I came here with my parents and boyfriend on a Monday night - I didn't have very high expectations based on the mixed reviews but I live in the neighborhood and wanted to give it a shot - we were pleasantly surprised. I'm guessing that, like many restaurants, they were going through some opening jitters but seem to have worked them out. The menu items are a mix of Italian and seafood dishes. We started out with the Date Lollipops and the Cuttlefish appetizer for the table. The Date Lollipops were really good - a tasty combo of dates, bacon, and blue cheese. The cuttlefish appetizer was pretty good, reminded me of fried calamari, but a softer texture. For a main courses, we had the seared scallops, wreckfish, roasted prawns, and the maccheroni alla chitarra (a dish with salmon and pasta in a vodka sauce). We shared tastes of the dishes and decided that the winner was definitely the scallops - they were very well prepared and served with risotto and a sweet jam. I was very impressed with the service, food, and atmosphere. I'll definitely be back!
5	Wow.... Having dinner at the newest, most amazing restaurant in Scottsdale .... The short ribs are to die for, the crispy cuttlefish .... Fabulous... The mussels and oysters are divine .... We'll be back this week !!!!!
5	WOW!!  5-star  food, service and atmosphere!!  Every single thing we ate was exceptional.  This haven for seafood-loving foodies is our new favorite place to treat ourselves.  We were lucky to discover Cuttlefish during a Yelp event, and after tasting a few items (like the delectable melts in your-mouth gnocchi - it ), we couldn't wait to go back for a full meal.  We definitely weren't disappointed!  SERVICE:  From the hostess to the exit, everyone was really nice.  Get a reservation - it gets busy on Friday and Saturday nights, but the service doesn't suffer a bit.  Our server was both pleasant and professional - great jokes but also extremely knowledgeable about the menu (great suggestions, no trips back to the kitchen to verify anything).  Our entire meal was perfectly timed, and every single item was the perfect temperature.  FOOD/DRINKS:  We chose a Sauvignon Blanc and a Pinot Grigio from the wine list and they were lovely.  We started with the delicious albacore appetizer that was free as a thank you for attending a Yelp event (no, thank You!) - firm, fresh and so nicely prepared!  Next came the fresh, piping hot rolls with whipped herb butter - pumpernickel and multigrain (I think?).  We tried to eat only a small amount and failed.  Our favorite item, among wonderful things, was the shrimp and grits - three enormous shrimp with dry-rub, grilled to perfection over creamy polenta and marscapone with a touch of pesto.  Order this!  It's amazing.For the main meal, they split the Branzino Putanesca onto two plates for us, and it was some of the most beautifully cooked fish I've had - perfection with lovely Italian flavors in the red sauce.  We also ordered the Dungeness Crab mac n cheese - absolutely delicious, with such excellent crab flavor coming through the gourmet cheeses.ATMOSPHERE:  The decor is pleasant and upscale, but with touches of flair - their wall accent color is turquoise (to go with the martime theme), and the beautiful oyster bar has vespas for seats!  The booths are comfy, and so are the chairs.  They have Happy Hour (until 8pm!) at their beautiful bar and on the patio.  The servers and bussers are well turned out in white.  OVERALL:  Eat here!  I'm definitely a stickler for value, and the prices here aren't low, but the standard of excellence exceeds them.  Already dreaming of going back...
4	We went on a Thursday night--I had family in from out of town and went back and forth about going there because the reviews are all over the map.  We had a great table in a back corner--the restaurant was busy but not jammed.  We started with medley of oysters--all of which were outstanding.  My family members who have traveled all over the world--indicated that they were some of the best.  They definitely reminded you of the ocean--by their taste and smell.  Main dishes included risootto, the spaghetti with sturgeon and the linguine with cuttlefish.  All three dishes were excellent--the fish and seafood in all its forms tasted very fresh.  it was so nice to have seafood in Phoenix where you can taste it rather than it being swallowed by the taste of whatever it came with.  I will definitely come back--lots of other things on the menu I want to try.the restaurant is very modern looking.  they do have vespas around the raw bar to sit on--a little kitchy--and I am not sure how comfortable--but certainly a conversation starter.
2	It was quite easy to book a reservation for a table for two on Friday (via OpenTable). I chose the restaurant as a good option for my friend who was observing lent. Was quickly sat and was even giving an option of an inside or outside table. Since the weather was great -- we opted for an outside table. Probably wasn't the best decision. The space was fairly narrow and as a result, was oftened bumped by the server working his table that was beyond ours. Interestingly, we had a different server than the table next to us. While our server was nice/friendly, it took over 20 mins to be serviced. (The server for the table next to us approached his table at least 3 times while we waited with our menus. Not sure if he ever told our server that we had been waiting for a while -- would have been a good teaming opportunity to ensure customer satisfaction.) When our server finally came to take our order, there was no acknowledgement of the long wait.Otherwise, the rest of the service went well but waiting 20 mins for our order pretty much set the tone for the rest of the meal.
4	The mixed reviews tempered expectations somewhat but our happy hour experience was heavy on the happy and plentiful with the taste.  This was my first introduction to eating cuttlefish and I came away pleasantly impressed with its texture and flavor.  Highlights for our table were the dates, poke tacos, and Adriatic Stew.  The service was a little 'casual' for us but not enough to impact our enjoyment of evening or the oysters.  On my Phoenix short list for when I'm in a "seafaring " sort of mood.
4	My husband and I were invited to a Yelp event at Cuttlefish and enjoyed it so much that we had to come back for dinner. I love the location since it is close to both home and work. Additionally, there is plenty of parking. Upon arriving, you have a nice view of the wraparound porch where you can enjoy your meal outside. Once inside, you are greeted by the hostess and a nice view of the oyster bar. The oyster bar has cute motorcycle seats which is both fun and comfy to sit at. To the right is the bar and bar tables. To the left is the main dining area. We sat in the main dining area at a small booth made for two. The decorations inside are soothing and reminiscent of the sea. As we looked at the menu, our waitress came up for our drink orders and told us the evening specials. I decided to get the special - sturgeon in a pesto sauce. My husband ordered the Adriatic stew off the menu. We also ordered the yellow tail appetizer. Our waitress brought out complimentary bread and our appetizer. The bread was interesting as one was squid ink bread. Different, but tasty. My husband enjoyed the yellow tail, but I wasn't a fan. (Not a huge fan of raw fish.) Shortly after we finished off the appetizers, our food was quick to arrive and plated beautifully. Our waitress described the sturgeon like swordfish and she was right, it was very similar. I enjoyed it a lot. (Not fishy, more on the firm side, and flavorful.) My husband was excited for his stew but a little on the disappointed side. It looked beautiful and tasty but was actually more on the flavorless side and the fish was overcooked. Overall, we will be back but probably just for happy hour. I'm really looking forward to having some pork belly and the gnocchi!
2	I will say the service was amazing, that said, the food was not so much! The shrimp cocktail and ice tea were really good but it went down hill from there. My wife got the sturgeon...it was very mucky and fishy. Also the potatoes and beans that came with it were terrible. I got the $34 Shrimp and lobster ravioli...the shrimp were friend like friend chicken, which ruined perfectly amazing shrimp. The ravioli was overcooked and hard. The sauce also broke.  Overall not worth $123.00
5	Stopped in for the first time and what a treat.  It's Wednesday night and live music half off oysters and both were fantastic.  Entre was recommended by my server was excellent.  Will definitely be back.
5	This place is the real deal. Best oysters in AZ, hands down! Seafood is fresh and flavorful. Atmosphere is perfect for location. I would recommend Cuttlefish to anyone; anywhere; from a business dinner to a first date, or just a night out with friends. Francesca is a great Hostess. AJ is a great bartender. Ask for Gino or Heather, they rock!
5	I have been to Cuttlefish on two occasions and I must say the place has not disappointed! The staff from the owner on down has been amazing!  I've tried the Gnocchi, Mac & Cheese with Crab, Albacore, Shrimp and Grits, Branzino and the amazing bread (Squid-ink).  Everything was amazing and done just so.  The portions were generous and the staff gladly split even the most difficult items. I will definitely be back for round three soon.
5	Recently stopped in for a quick bite at the bar and had a fantastic meal. I had actually eaten at Chef Brett's last restaurant in Chicago and I thought his food was good there, but Cuttlefish really showcases his true talents as a really great chef! I will definitely be back again and again!
5	We went Saturday night, I though the food was so fresh tasting and delicious highly recommend this place. Awesome!A nice welcome to Scottsdale.
5	I wrote a very honest mostly positive review on Cuttlefish while they were newly opened. To my surprise the owner felt the need to contact me to come back to enjoy a better meal and make me a fan. I normally DON'T accept any of these invitations but this one was so sincere and unnecessary I felt different and the truth is if you read my first review all the fish we had was great anyway! So here's another honest review.We decide we will have wine with dinner. We didn't order the Silver Oak but we did notice the $90. price wasn't much of a mark up because it sells for $75. at the store and were very impressed with that because many other restaurants mark the wine bottles at double or better.They started us off with delicious warm squid ink bread and olive bread served with a fresh herb garlic butter that was scrumptious.We started with a Caesar Salad and a Pappardelle. The salad was good and fresh with house cured fish and a thin bright with fresh lemon dressing adorned with crisp made of cheese. The Pappardelle really totally exceeded my expectations. The beef was melt on your mouth tender and was full of flavor. The pasta was spot on perfect and the sauce was delicious. This is a Five star dish.Both the White Sturgeon and the Wild Halibut were prepared to perfection. The Halibut maybe the most unforgiving of fish was Moist but cooked threw and tasty with a nice crust on it. This dish came with a side of stuffed gnocchi. The gnocchi were very light perfect pillows that were covered in a tasty light truffle cream sauce that anybody would like.  The Sturgeon had this really outstanding presentation with tiny pretty supreme blood orange segments adorning the pesto crusted fish. Perfect cooked sun chokes. The White Bean and lava stew was excellent too.Service was OUTSTANDING as we were checked on all threw dinner by our waiter Matt and other servers and were also made to feel very welcome by the manager.In the end I can't say anything needed improvement. Everything was very good. The Fish was all prepared perfect. The pastas were excellent and perfect. Everything tasted great and service was outstanding. I will return and recommend.
5	Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.  Service was attentive and food was great!
2	I wanted to be able to love this place; there are few seafood restaurants in town.When we first arrived, there was no host/hostess at the front entry stand.  Customers seemed confused as to where to go. In between serving tables, the servers seated us. The staff needs to be better trained, as they knew little about the menu. Examples: My friend asked what the seasonal vegetables were, and the response was, "Well they change all the time."  Of course they do, which is why we were asking what they were on THAT day. Even if he didn't know, we would have preferred he went to check.  We were offered dessert, no menu or tray, just told about them.  That's okay but not when the server offers you a "Napolean" (& you clearly repeat back, we'll take the "Napoleon") but when it arrives, it looks NOTHING like it - it is actually "Neapolitan" ice cream. Oops!  We didn't feel like educating or arguing. Also we ordered the Lump Crab Stuffed Zucchini Blossoms, but they ran out even though we were there for an early dinner.  I ordered an Iced Tea and never once did anyone come around to fill my empty glass, nevermind the water glasses. I see reviews here about the small portions - I would agree with that but the food was pretty good.  But really this review comes down to overall service.  I have had much better service at much less expensive restaurants.  I was told all about how they were going to expand to Vegas and NY - that's a much tougher crowd than Phoenix, so I would work on training first.  I do think the Vespa oyster bar is cute and unique.  The restaurant has a lot of potential and I hope it gets there.  For now my favorite seafood restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale is Eddie V's - perfection!
3	I have gone to Cuttlefish several times.  The ambience is good and the appetizers are spectacular.  The main courses aren't as good as the appetizers.The big problem with this place is the service.  We were at our table for 15 minutes before the waiter graced us with his presence.  We had asked  two busboys and another passing waiter if we could get a bottle of sparkling water.  All of them said, "we will tell your waiter".  When the waiter finally arrived he informed us that they didn't have any sparkling water.  There is a grocery store less than 5 minutes away.  If you run out of bottled water, go get some.They also aren't savvy enough to have a waste basket by the door of the washrooms.  Many people use their paper towel to open the door and then throw it away.  The restroom floor had a pile of used paper towels littering the floor by the door.  Wake up Cuttlefish.The kitchen staff is good.  Management isn't.  Train your waiters.  Supervise your waiters.  Watch what is going on in your restaurant.  And buy some trash cans.
3	We really want this restaurant to succeed, but our experience left us wanting more. We went on a Monday night in early April. Not many tables filled. The restaurant decor is very cute and the service is also excellent. We "get" the menu, but feel the execution falls a bit short. Not much, but just enough to leave us wanting more. We only had appetizers. Started with the pork belly, which were very tasty, but tough. Pork belly shouldn't be tough. But the glaze was very tasty. Then the mussels with chorizo. The mussels were small, the serving small as well.   The broth was flavorful. Just missed. Finally the tuna pops, I think they were called. Four very small cones with tuna tartar in them. But too small and not filled completely. Maybe just an off night, we hoped. We really want these folks to do well.
4	The steak was delicious and tender!! Also the seared albacore sandwich was amazing!! The sauce was so sweet which suits my taste and the bread they used was delicious. The squid linguine was delicious with fresh juicy tomatoes and other veggies. Although the clam linguine was way too oily and the chicken tenders were not tender it was chicken tough, I didn't have much interest in. Both appetizers crispy cuttlefish and date lollipops were DE- LI- OUS!!!! I fell in love!!! The service was great as always and I rate this as 4 star because I really disliked the oily clam linguine and "chicken finger was tough"!!! I really look forward to coming back!!!!!
3	I was really excited to have a new seafood restaurant in Scottsdale but was very underwhelmed with the food at cuttlefish. I loved the atmosphere.. But every dish I ordered was just okay. We shafted with the king crab Bloody Mary cocktail.. Flavor was great but crab was fishy, we had oysters which were also a little fishy, tuna appetizer was tiny and over priced. Mussels were the only thing we got that was actually delicious. Lobster ravioli was good but not anything too special. I will try one more time as I always give places 2 chances because you never know if they are having an off night.
4	Outstanding oysters on the half shell. Italian themed seafood dishes. A little on the pricey side,but excellent service, food and presentation
5	Gino was our waiter and despite the fact that he is from New York, he made us feel special even if we are from Boston.  The food was out standing.  Highly recommend.
5	Had a romantic dinner here on a Friday night. The staff was pleasant and knowledgable. The atmosphere was comfortable and chic. The food was delicious. We started with the cuttlefish, it was light tasty and soft not chewy. We also had the beet and goat cheese salad - delicious. I had the seared scallops with gnocchi again delicious. My partner had the lobster ravioli even more delicious. As you can tell we loved the place and food. We will definitely go back.
3	Was recently here on a Saturday night. If I could rate as 2 1/2 stars I would do so!Ordered Silver Oak - out, was going to order Sturgeon which was on the on-line menu, out, ordered Lobster Tails fra-davialo again on-line menu, out, settles for the Branzino, actually two of us at the table ordered the branzino, tasteless. Two ordered veal chops and both were pretty good, another ordered the seafood stew, portion was small especially for a man. Caesar salad was great, cuttlefish app was ok. The biggest complaint.....the tables are crammed in making the noise so loud we could not hear each other across the table. Seriously we could not hear what one another were saying. Also we asked about the air conditioning 4 times before taking shifts and walking outside to cool off. Might try it again but might not!
1	We went here with high hopes based on a favorable recommendation.  We ended up going in for happy hour before heading to another event, and initially figured we would make plans to return some other time for a full dinner based on the menu.  After the disappointment of the happy hour, we will not be returning.  We were joined by someone who had been there before, and she recommended the fish and chips.  What we all received was overcooked breading and halfway decent waffle fries.  If you like battered batter, then this is the place for you.  If you want fish, I would strongly suggest going somewhere else.
3	I had been beyond ecstatic to try Cuttlefish, One of the things that I miss the most about living in Los Angeles is the abundance of fresh, high quality seafood. So needless to say every single time I drove past Cuttlefish the same thought went through my mind "I REALLY need to try that place". They had fresh oysters, and a bar with vespa seats, how could it NOT be good?! So finally the opportunity came knocking at my door and I jumped at it.... Dinner at cuttlefish, youbetcha!This evening we walked into Cuttlefish and the place was empty. The waiter/host/still not sure who he was, told us to find a seat and he would be out with a menu. No real warm welcome, it was kind of shocking. So we sat down outside since it was a 80 something degree evening in Arizona in May. We ordered a bottle of wine and then a bottle of Champagne came out, thankfully we noticed before he had opened it. Then we come to find out that they were out of both of the other bottles of wine we wanted. Finally we found one that was available (woo-hoo!), We ordered half a dozen oysters on the half shell, 3 of each of the two varieties they had. The oysters themselves were beyond fresh and flavorful.  The large kumamoto oysters they had were so yummy and fresh it was like eating butter. The only down fall was that in every single bite I got huge pieces  of shell. For dinner I had the Branzino with tomatoes, pine nuts and olives. The plate arrived it was a plate of two thin filets of perfectly cooked Branzino with super crispy skin. The tomato sauce with pine nuts and olives was a perfect pairing with the fish. My friend ordered the halibut, the crust on the top was super yummy but the fish was slightly overcooked and wasn't as tender as it should have been. I will say that service was absolutely wonderful, our waiter was knowable, friendly, and discreet. While my visit wasn't as stellar as I had read, I wonder If I happened to just come on an off evening, For a dinner costing over $150.00, I just expected a bit more.
3	Met some friends here for a reunion style dinner. Checked out the reviews before making the trip and figured it should be fun. When you walk in they have an oyster bar right in front and you sit on scooters with license places from all over the world. Not your jam, that's ok. Go sit at the bar or grab a table. We sat at the bar while waiting for everyone to show up. Ordered a couple drinks and yelp kindly delivered us a free cuttlefish appetizer. Which was actually very delicious. Everyone showed up and we moved the party to the patio. Ordered a couple more appetizers and a couple more drinks. I ordered a Caesar salad with their special anchovy an I was severely disappointed. It was boring and lacked a true Caesar taste. For dinner I had the lamb, it was cooked right and besides all the fat was also pretty delicious. The sauce was excellent. Everyone in the party seemed happy with their meals & the other appetizers. It's a nice place but since I'm not an oyster guy I don't think I can really complete this review so I'll leave that up to you. It's a little pricey but you'll know that by the reviews & where it's located.
1	Do NOT go here on Restaurant week.  Advertised that had a dozen oysters for appetizer.  When get there, had drawn a line over the "dozen."  Ended up being 1/2 dozen.  My wife ordered pork belly: they were out, at 8:00 on a Sat, it wasn't busy at all.  No wait to be seated.  Given wine list that was outdated and didn't have the wine I requested.  Dessert looked great, but tasted well below average.  Nothing compares to the "entree."  What a disappointment.  My wife and I both ordered the same thing: prawns & lobster ravioli.  I felt like I was getting pun'k.  The entree included 2 of the prawn shrimp, and 3 regular-sized ravioli.  5 total pieces of food.  I paid the $125 bill, went across the street to a Tavern bar, and ate a $5 chicken quesadilla during their reverse happy hour.  The quesadilla was much better and more filling than Cuddlefish.  Don't go to this restaurant.  Don't know if was just because restaurant week of $40/person, or that is their regular size plates, but I'm never going back to find out.  Waiter was fine though, just food disappointing.
2	I went here for my anniversary A. Because I LOVE seafood and B. Because it was on the list for Restaurant week. $40 per person sounded like a great deal! It was my first time here and I wasn't all that impressed. I like the laid back atmosphere and the staff is friendly but the food portions are a joke. I am not sure if it was just because it was a special menu?? Either way the amount of food we got was NOT worth $40. It didn't even taste all that great. Maybe the prices are so high to cover the cost of flying their seafood in 6 days a week but for me it wasn't worth it. We left hungry and went home and ate. It was an experience to say the least.
5	Love this place!!!! Always great fresh seafood and staff is always super friendly and on point .... If you love oysters this is the place to be! Great happy hour everyday and there half off oyster night on Wednesday is awesome!!
5	I went to cuttlefish during restaurant weekend expecting them to be busy and not so attentive, but The service I received was outstanding. The servers made sure I had everything I ordered. The food was amazing. I can't wait to come back and try something new on their menu!!!!
5	WOW!!!!!!!!!!! Okay now thats out of the lets get to an amazing looking restaurant  not to mention a  fresh oyster bar with real scooters as seats with happy hour 7 days a week, Who would have thought of that. I always go to new places during restaurant week and let me tell you not only did my server at cuttlefish blow me away with superior service and knowledge, there chef does amazing  things withs seafood,The lemon prawns and lobster ravioli was one of the most amazing  seafood  dishes i have had in a long time. Thank you very much cuttlefish for giving me a fresh seafood destination in scottsdale!!!
3	We went here for restaurant week and my birthday dinner on Tuesday. After previewing the menu I was looking forward to what I thought would be a mind blowing dinner, but it ended up being 3 1/2 stars.!  I will commend them for the decor and ambiance of the restaurant, but....The service needs some sprucing up if they expect to survive. I was the first to arrive out of our party of 6 and decided to grab a drink at the bar. The female bartender casually greeted me and within a couple minutes helped me decide on a drink. Now the problem I have is that once she took my drink order it took her about 8 minutes to make it! Apparently answering the phone twice was way more important than a thirsty customer at the bar. Eh, moving on...Once everyone arrived we sat down and were greeted by our server who seemed a tad frazzled but helpful. Drinks arrived and everyone was happy, but during our hour and half dinner service we never got our water refilled. The food was pretty good- First course - Oysters (1/2 dz with 2 of each size sm, med, bigger med.) Fresh and delicious just wanted more : 0Pork Belly - small flavorful nuggets of pork that were spot on but the Gnocchi was completely missing from the plate (at least give me a heads up if your not going to give me a dish as described on the menu)2nd Course - Lemon Prawns and Lobster Ravioli - This was the highlight of the night. Lobster Ravioli was perfect. The prawns seemed to have a slight breading on them which I thought was unnecessary but I still enjoyed it. Short Rib and Polenta - The short rib was tender but the entire dish lacked salt. Luckily there was a salt shaker on the table!3rd course- Dessert...Disappointing. They were out of the Tiramisu and were offering chocolate layer cake instead that seemed to come from Frys. It was dense chocolate cake with layers of chocolate mousse but one friend in our party had NO chocolate mousse layer. Panna Cotta - texture is right but absolutely no flavor and again missing the shortbread cookie as described on the menu. Hopefully they can fix some of the errors because I would love to go back for a few of the dishes I saw on the regular menu.
4	Mmmm! A friend and I decided to try this place during AZ Restaurant Week, because we could never afford the menu otherwise.The atmosphere and modern yet, dark and cozy. The shiny blue tiles on the walls gave it a shimmering "sea" affect and the tables were an elegant dark wood. I've never seen an oyster bar quite like the one that greets you when you walk in the front door. It's a half circle and the seats are Vespa type scooters, with the brake lights on. The oysters were awesome, and I loved the atomic horseradish and blood orange mignonette that came with them. It was fun to create each oyster bite a different way! We also tried the seared pork belly with figs appetizer - so sweet! These were four small pork belly "bites" with intense fig flavor. My friend gobbled her Lemon Prawns and Lobster Ravioli dish and kept dreaming about it days later. I had the Braised Short Ribs with a dreamy, creamy polenta. The meat had the perfect "melt in your mouth" quality it's supposed to and the Barollo Wine gave it a nice flavor. Dessert was panna cotta and tiramisu, both enjoyable but I'm not much of a dessert person to comment. The waiter offered me a chocolate cake instead of the tiramisu and I said yes, but I guess he forgot and brought me the tiramisu anyhow. He was attentive, but I did sense an air of ignorance from him once he realized we weren't drinking and intended to order from the Restaurant Week prix fixe menu, but maybe that was in my head.Overall it's worth checking out for some tasty seafood. I might be back for oysters during happy hour!
3	A ok it is.I thought the food was all good- but not great.I was NOT impressed with the portion sizes, and would have preferred a bit more food in my tummy when I left.But it was ok.
4	So excited I finally got to try this place! It's been on my list for awhile now. I went with a coworker right after work. No wait! It was fantastic. We started with the cuttlefish and cioppino. I HIGHLY recommend the cuttlefish. It was similar to calamari, very tender and delicious. The cioppino was good, filled with fish great value for 10$. Main course I had the scallops. It came with three large scallops they were perfectly cook, just a tad bit salty. Beyond the food our server Gino was absolutely AMAZING. I would come back just to see Gino. He made me feel at home, like I was having a family dinner with all my family back home. You could tell he genuinely enjoyed his job and was more than willing to help. Gino gets five stars! I definitely would recommend this place to friends and family a must try.
4	We were impressed with this restaurant. The difference between 4 and 5 stars in this case is that our waitress with from one to three tables containing a maximum of eight diners was not very attentive. She was friendly, pleasant, helpful, etc but we didn't see her much. We came in during lunch and it took about 90 minutes for lunch. I had the cuttlefish which was very good and the Caesar salad which was not so good, the greens were chewy and the dressing boring. My wife loved the beet and goat cheese salad and the prawn cocktail. Friends had sandwiches and liked them. We had gelato for dessert. It was very good. I had wine and chose a good one by the glass. The place was a little expensive but not outrageous except that $9 for a dessert seems high. We will definitely go back. It has many menu items we want to try
5	Dear Cuttlefish,   I am sorry we got off on the wrong foot... I was all wrong about you! I am so happy that I decided to give you a second chance, and you beyond redeemed yourself! If you read my first review I didn't have such a stellar experience, It wasn't bad per say but it wasn't what I was expecting! So, I was hoping that the second time around would be better and it was!This time around we went and ordered another bottle of my now favorite wine Sexual Chocolate, it's a Syrah - Zinfandel blend and it's frankly to die for. The bottle runs around $65.00 and they offer it by the glass as well at I believe $16.00.  This go around we decided to order an assortment of their appetizers, and I was frankly blown away by nearly all of them. The only one I wouldn't order again would be the Spicy Tuna Pops. The tuna itself was amazing, super fresh and really flavorful. The waffle cone that it arrived in didn't exactly compliment the fish. Other items that we ordered and LOVED were the dozen oysters, we got an assortment of the oysters they had that particular day and they were fresh and this time around there wasn't a trace of shell in any of the oysters! WOOHOO!The Crispy Cuttlefish was one of my fav items that evening - The only way to describe it is that it is very similar to calamari but frankly it's better than calamari. It doesn't have that rubbery texture to it and it was fried to perfection and the lemon aioli was the perfect compliment to it. Cuttlefish's take on a wedge salad is what dreams are made of! I love wedge salads but I usually am not a huge fan of the iceberg lettuce since it really has zero taste or nutritional value to it. The bibb lettuce was a welcome change of pace and the crispy pancetta, and avocado was a nice  addition. The pork  belly, the Carlsbad Mussels, Shrimp and grits I could just go on and on! Had the opportunity to meet Joey one of the owners who was very friendly, and I was really impressed when I learned that he actually cooks in the kitchen there. I love that he is a hands on owner and it shows that he has a real investment in the establishment! Def worth checking out if your in the mood for some fabulous seafood, and if you love oysters and champagne Wednesday's are 1/2 priced oysters and champagne nights and they had some great live music!
2	While visiting friends who live in Scottsdale, we chose this place because of the reviews I'd read and the fact they'd been wanting to try it. Had a reservation for a Friday night; not at all crowded. We ordered an appetizer of 6 oysters and bottle of wine to start. Wine we selected was one they no longer offered although was still on their list. OK, ordered one the waiter suggested. Apparently they had just received it in a shipment that day and it hadn't been chilled. Perhaps they'd just uncrated it and sent it out. Had to wait while it sat in an ice bucket next to our table. Waiter poured a few minutes later but it wasn't cool enough to enjoy. My friend put ice from her water glass in hers and hubby's. Meanwhile we filled up on focaccia bread which was good. About 15-20 minutes later the oysters finally showed up. Before my friends could get to their second, out come the entrees! Bus person tried to take away the oyster platter w/o asking, probably because he saw the entrees. I had the lobster ravioli (6) which, after eating one, were not hot so I asked for them to be warmed up. The hostess got involved somehow with the waiter, the plate went back to the kitchen, and I had to explain why I'd sent them back. In the meantime my friend ate her scallops which were OK. Her hubby's halibut was overcooked and dry, and the veggies served with it weren't very good either. One thing we all commented on was the huge plate the halibut came on with both items on opposite ends with not even garnish in the middle to cover up the empty space! My so-called lobster ravioli (couldn't even taste the lobster but could taste the cheese) was in an odd oval shaped dish. I suspect the dish itself was the reason the ravioli wasn't hot; maybe the dish itself should have been warmed! Finally out comes a second plate of 6. Again they weren't hot enough but I just didn't want to cause any further problems so I kept quiet when the waiter asked. Clearly there is a timing problem between the kitchen and the wait staff. As others stated, the food wasn't very good, the portions very small and priced too high for what was served. None of us could understand the delays when there were only people at 4 other tables! Folks should be told immediately that the wine list is being revamped and the listings should be updated quickly--make a quick list on a computer and print a few copies to give people until the formal list is updated. (Hint: invest in a wine chiller--even Safeway has those!) Our server was attentive--all right, almost overbearing--but then there were not a lot of other customers. Still, the kitchen-wait staff need much better coordination. And their prices need to drop or else put a few more bites on the plates--and serve the food at the proper temperature. What a very disappointing experience.
3	We came here for restaurant week and while nothing was bad, nothing was good enough to mandate a return visit.  Oh well, there are plenty of other seafood restaurants in the sea...
5	I was there in April and it was a great dinner experience. The wait staff was very attentive and made sure we enjoyed everything the had to offer.
3	If you are paying a babysitter beware! We came here on a living social deal so maybe they were less attentive. Food was fine but plan on ordering multiple courses if you want to be full. I think the place is very fun and could appeal to a younger crowd but it falls short. I wish I could give this place a better review because I like the concept. Will go back on a Wednesday for half price champagne and oysters.
5	Was just their for a special occasion my wife of 41 years and a great cook loved it.gino our waiter make's u feel special.family owned business.must gve try
3	I had been wanting to try this place for months. I finally had the opportunity to go for happy hour- beware their happy hour pricing is not a deal at all. We ordered a few  appetizers all of which were very small. We ordered surf and turf skewers and only got two pieces of filet mignon and two pieces of shrimp and the rest vegetables. The halibut ceviche was a very small portion as well. You can't go wrong on the wine, but it was not what I would consider happy hour pricing. I was very disappointed in the portions and pricing at this place. It is disappointing because the food was pretty good just very over priced and very shy on the good stuff (shrimp and filet mignon)
3	Irene V's brother was visiting, so she threw an hh (happy hour) UYE yesterday afternoon.  I arrived earlier straight after my massage session in Tempe and was starving, so I decided I'd eat early so that I would be free to perhaps enjoy a cocktail and enjoy everyone's company at the UYE.  It was my first time visiting, as I was not able to join the OYE (official yelp event) held here last year.I sat at the bar and was tended to by manager Chris, who had worked at neighbor and sister restaurant Notorious Burgers.  I ordered the Yelp check-in free appetizer of Crispy cuttlefish, which normally cost $12, as well as the Pappardelle and smoked chicken (I'm sensitive to most seafood and almost all of the standard shellfish offerings).  I would've tried one of the four desserts (three here at Cuttlefish, and one from NB) that intrigued me, but all contained a corn ingredient, or two, so I was spared the calories and expense- thanks, Cuttlefish!  :)Crispy cuttlefish, originally $12, free on Yelp check-in:  Your basic battered strips of calamari, coupled with an uninspired dip of what resembled tartar sauce.  Glad it was free, because I only ate a strip, or two.  Quite disappointing, as I had expected a dish that incorporated the restaurant's name in its moniker would have to be very special.  Despite its name, the strips weren't crispy at all; the textures of both batter and the squid pieces were unexciting; not much flavor to the batter coating; the whole dish had a strong "fishy" scent that was off-putting; and the lemon twists I'd requested to spice things up a bit had not improved matters.  I say skip it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuttlefish-scottsdale?select=3Fk7L3Pu-OlVhq9qe55bHA#3Fk7L3Pu-OlVhq9qe55bHAPappardelle and smoked chicken, $12 on happy hour menu, yet was charged $9**:  Oh, my!  This was a winner!  The Alfredo sauce was seasoned just perfectly- rich, creamy, and buttery; the wide pappardelle ribbons cooked al dente; and the smoked chicken was indeed smoky in flavor and added a great texture to the entire dish.  The portion was a little smaller than what a lunch portion would be, yet I ate about two-thirds of this dish, whereas if this was lunch, I'd have eaten around half at the restaurant and taken the rest home.  I suppose my lack of enthusiasm for the free app caused me to overindulge with the pasta, but I'm not complaining!  I'd order it again. Oh, and I'd eat this dish even if the smoked chicken was not included- so delightful!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuttlefish-scottsdale?select=kN-OWUKbqYmfSrhcCwTJrA#kN-OWUKbqYmfSrhcCwTJrAI paired both dishes with a glass of the Arizona offering of white wine.  Not something I'd enjoy sipping on its own, but I thought was good with the pasta and cream sauce. Make sure to check your receipt to ensure that you aren't billed for the free app with Yelp check-in.  Kudos to the staff that watched over our UYE group!  Oh, and thanks to Chris for walking over to Notorious Burgers to grab a sample of Woodchuck Blueberry ale- it was delicious!  Chris said I could order it to enjoy in Cuttlefish should I want it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuttlefish-scottsdale?select=0lvoYlJ9etu5OkpRvIcbjQ#0lvoYlJ9etu5OkpRvIcbjQ**I believe everyone who attended the UYE party had $3 subtracted from their food orders off of the HH menu!
5	Gino was a fabulous waiter, possibly the best I have had in a long time. I recommend him 100%. The food was great and Gino was better  the deserts were amazing. A slow dinner but those with patience and a love of Gino will love it! #teamgino
5	My sister Irene V. set up an event for me to meet some people this past Wednesday and it was fantastic.  Although the restaurant doesn't normally accept reservations for the bar area they made an exception for us.  We had a robust group of 20 and the bar staff (specifically Heather)  made the experience extremely enjoyable.  Heather took the time to explain the oysters available for the day in great detail as well as recommend several items as this was my first visit.  My oysters arrived promptly and was quickly joined by my beer.  Every time my glass was empty Heather seemed to materialize with a new beer.  "Carlos, would you like another Alaskan?".   -Yes Heather I would.  :)   Food item of note was a pasta dish called "gnocchi"  It was a small bowl full of heavenly goodness suggested by Irene V (as much as I hate to admit that).  Good lord.  Small pasta with a creamy filling sitting in a thick butter sauce that is without a doubt the best pasta dish I have had in years.  The restaurant had a classy feel but mellow enough that I felt quite comfortable in khakis and a polo shirt.  There is a full bar with upscale alcohol and a knowledgable staff.  I thought the vespa raw oyster bar was a cute touch and the ladies in the group of course took a photo of them sitting there.
5	Other than being a very noisy place we loved Cuttlefish.  We bought a $67 Living Social deal for a $133 prix fixe dinner for two.  Great deal!  Geno was a terrific server.  We ordered oysters, Caesar salads, lobster ravioli and sole putanesca with gnochi and ripini sides.  Portions are very large.  Fish entree could have served three people easily.  Food was excellent.  Came with dessert and we chose panna cotta which was different but very good.  The limoncello was actually made from mandarin oranges and it was OK but if you like limoncello as I do it was disappointing.  Very reasonable wine list in terms of selection and price.  All in all a great place for a nice dinner out in the Gainey Ranch area.
5	Can I give 10 stars???Hubby and I decided to try this place on a Living Social Fixed price menu.  We started with drinks.  I always like to try a restaurant's signature drink, so asked our waiter, Gino, about the drink menu,  After a few questions I ordered a ginger beer concoction that was wonderfully refreshing and nicely presented.I had the six oyster appetizer.  They were fresh, utterly cold in a big bowl of ice, and served with three sauces, as well as lemon and Tabasco, on the side.  Wonderful.  Hubby had the beef appetizer and loved it as well.The wedge salad with blue cheese was great too.  No iceberg here - they used a butter or bibb head to make the wedge.But the entrees were the star.  We both ordered the lobster ravioli.  I had the steamed rapini on the side, while hubby had the gnocchi.  The gnocchi were as light as little pillows and the sauce was superb.  The lobster dish was equally amazing.  Lot's of lobster and a great creamy sauce.I really appreciated that none of the food was too salty.  So many times food is ruined by the overuse of salt.We followed up with a light tiramisu and espresso, both of which were great.Gino was so attentive - the perfect mix of always being there and yet not being annoying.  We wanted for nothing.  The rest of the staff was top notch as well.We both left the restaurant with the thought that the meal and the experience were an absolute 10.  I can't think of even one negative on this meal.  We definitely can't wait to be back.
5	Tonight was our first time at Cuttlefish, and we are impressed!  From start to finish everything was perfect.  The seafood was fresh, the salads were crisp and refreshing, the pastas were hot and comforting, and the tiramisu was deliciously decadent.  The staff was friendly, and our server Gino was absolutely attentive and gave us a lot of helpful suggestions when we were indecisive.  The managers and bussers also helped to make a very good team in this place.  We ate and were treated like royalty.  It's been such a long time since we had such a great experience.  Thankyou!
5	Great place.  Had the squid ink pasta and linguini Nero.  Awesome.  My server, Gino, was awesome.  He helped me pair my meal with a nice red blend wine from the family vineyard of the owner.Just a great meal and great time here!
5	Awesome happy hour!  Especially Wednesday when champagne and oysters are half off! Really big happy hour selection. Amazing food, drinks and service. Highly recommend!
5	AMAZING! This was our first time here and we got the date special. The food was out of this world and the service was even better. Our server was Gino and he knew everything about the menu and made us feel right at home. To say the least we will be coming back once a week!!
5	Food was absolutely delicious and the service was outstanding . a must try if you are a food connoisseur or just love to go out and try new things . They also have a place called Notorious Burgers that is just as equally delicious and with such an impressive list of beers on tap.
5	An incredible evening at Cuttlefish last night.  We heard the food was great, but wow! The service was outstanding.  The head waiter, Gino took care of us and was on the ball. His  explainations of the menu items made us even hungrier and he recommemded an excellent wine to go with our selections. He made us feel very special to be there. My husband had the Adriatic stew, which is like an Italian Cioppino. I had the Risotto Pescatore, both were wonderful. What huge servings! The manager, Erno was quite pleasant and made sure we were well taken care of. Overall, an excellent dining experience, we look forward to our next visit already!
5	Recently, when a friend's good friend flew in from New York, for her birthday, "extras" (myself and another girl) were called in to round out the celebration.  The birthday girl, a vegetarian, had requested seafood and with our party coming from all parts of the Valley we landed in Cuttlefish by Yelp reviews and proximity.  Lucky for us!  We were greeted like family by the friendly host and seated promptly.  Then Gino attended to us by offer of drink, aperitif, then menu suggestions.  A seasoned waiter takes his trade to heart, sets the tone, and guides the dining experience and his mastery showed as Gino established a great rapport with the four of us before he glided into the entrees du jour.  Our dishes ranged from large fresh salads with divine presentation to Lobster Ravioli layered in light but creamy, rich in tomato sauce, of which I savored every bite.  The birthday girl indulged in her favorite fish filet, which was plated beautifully along side the potato and vegetable accompaniments.  When service is done right the waitron will enhance the event, becoming an auxiliary companion you look forward to have drop in, in addition to their assistance.  Of which is easy to do when things are going well but Gino's mastery of his profession showed through to the end.  How many girls, with only an ounce of liqueur between all of them, does it take to divvy and decipher the bill with tip?!  Apparently, four is not enough, and it takes a waiter too.  Gino was very patient as he counted cash and recounted and accounted for all debits.  I'm sure it was good humor for any onlookers.  Thank goodness Gino kept his sense of humor too!  We had a great meal and great experience at Cuttlefish.
5	Great service they even accommodated our group of 16 and handled us with friendly and prompt service. The chef even created a gluten free dish. Nice to know they understood gluten free
5	Warm and inviting restaurant. Love the decor. It's restaurant week here for $44.00/person you can get 1/2 dozen raw oysters on the half shell or the pork underbelly. It was so GOOD.Entree: spaghetti Nero with shrimp and scallops.Dessert was to die for: I had the tiramisu...My husband had the Italian pudding OMG! It was so the first and best Italian pudding I've ever had. Needless to say our waiter who was the bartender gave us great service. If you're in Scottsdale don't pass up this restaurant.
5	Excellent evening of food atmosphere service.best Black ink spaghetti and oyster on half shell since leaving good old N.Y.Gino my waiter a real gem.
5	Came in for lunch today! Wow I didn't realize that cuttlefish did lunch! The service was absolutely amazing , Chris took great care of us ! Now to the part I enjoyed the most the food! I had the albacore sandwich !!!!! Holy geez that's the best sandwich I have ever had. The ginger sauce on it was heavenly !!!! We will be back this week for restaurant  week     !!!!!
5	A friend of mine and I always do Restaurant Week. Tried this restaurant, incredible. First time, will go back often. Server was Gino, knew just the right wine to go with our Prawns and Ravioli. Pork belly melted in your mouth. This is Italian. Check out the seats at the bar very original. You can't go wrong with any dish. Ask for Gino, enjoy the experience.
1	If it were possible to give no stars, that would be my choice. I called ahead tonight, and was told there was no wait. When we arrived we were seated immediately. The restaurant was half empty. Our waiter introduced himself as Rafael, and insisted on shaking our hands. Rafael mentioned that he had a headache, so I gave him some asprin. He took my husband's drink order,and promptly brought his wine. He told us that even though the restaurant wasn't busy, the kitchen was swamped. Rafael asked if we would mind just giving him our appetizer order, and he would take our entree orders later. Forty minutes. later, we walked out without ever seeing a morsel of food! We watched the table next to us receive three courses, and pay their bill. We watched table after table get multiple courses of food. The final straw was when another table that had been seated 20 minutes after us started getting their food. When we walked out there wasn't one employee on the floor- no hostess, no servers, no manager to even register a complaint. I am so disappointed. My husband will never take me back there.
4	I called the owner Monday to discuss what occurred Saturday evening. He was completely apologetic and professional. He asked us to give him a second chance, and make it right. Bravo !I failed to mention in my first review that my husband and I had eaten at this establishment a couple times previously, and really enjoyed the food. I'm going to chalk this up to just a fluke.
5	We were in town from Chicago and staying nearby.  We wanted to find a place big enough to sit our full group of 8 (which included 4 kids) comfortably and have a great dinner - a tall order.  I am so glad we chose Cuttlefish, because we had an exceptional evening.Gino, the head waiter, gave us a warm welcome and already had the table set with highchairs and water cups for all the kids.  He recommended an excellent mac and cheese pasta with chicken that they brought out early to keep the little ones happy.  It was so good that we ended up eating some ourselves!  We tried appetizers of bacon-wrapped dates (date lollipops) and the braised cuttlefish - both were excellent.I had the special of the night which was strip steak with Chimichurri sauce and blackened shrimp - it was fantastic.  Everyone loved their food.  The atmosphere is really nice, the live acoustic guitar was excellent (but not too loud) and it would be a great place to take a date - but they staff and especially Gino really went out of his way to give our family and friends a great night out and that's what we'll remember most.  We will definitely be back next time we are in town!
5	Best food I've had in years. A group of us were there for a conference, from northern California. I had the salmon. We had appetizers, a full plate of Italian desserts, red wines, etc. Gino was our waiter and he was great.If you're in Scottsdale, try Cuttlefish. It really was amazing salmon - could not have been cooked more perfectly, practically melted.
4	Delicious. The soft shell crab on risotto special was a great treat.  Squid ink pasta though, probably my favorite.  Must mention the raw bar!  Must have the raw bar!  Clearly super fresh.  Everyone loved their food, and Gino took exceptional care of us, even the kids in high chairs.  Then, when all the food and wine was finished, and we thought we were done, we got some crazy awesome zeppole (doughnuts) on creamy Nutella that blew our minds.
3	I hate to be so stingy with stars, but we came here for my birthday dinner because I really was craving seafood. I will admit we ordered poorly. We should have stuck to classic pasta and seafood combo's on the menu, but they had a special that really caught our eye. It was a softshell crab and crabcake, and it was really not good. My softshell crab was totally muddy, the crab cake tasted frozen and full of filler, and I walked away wishing we could have a do over.
4	The restaurant is beautiful and has the cutest raw bar where you sit on mopeds. There is a separate bar area which is where we sat for happy hour. The happy hour menu is good and lasts until 7 which is always great! The drinks were all delicious and the appetizers we ordered were also tasty. I ordered the lobster ravioli for dinner and it was amazing. Minus one star because the crab Mac and cheese was terrible but as soon as we said we didn't like it, the waitress immediately apologized, asked if we would like to replace it and took it off the bill. The service was great and we will be back on a Wednesday for 50% off oysters and champagne! And to sit on a moped! Definitely recommend this place for seafood which is hard to find in the desert.
5	Loved everything about this place. The waiter was very friendly and made great suggestions. It was a nice day so I sat outside in the patio area, though the inside of the restaurant was very cute! I loved the motorcycle seats at the raw bar. Ordered half a dozen oysters for $16. Got 3 differ by kinds (2 of each). All were very tasty. The horseradish was super pungent. Awesome! Weird thing is that half a dozen oysters was $16, while a full dozen would have been $34...is it just me or does the math not add up?Even though it was 94 degrees outside, the waiter told me the clam chowder pot pie is just too good to pass up so I had to get it. And I'm so glad I did! The pie crust was the perfect amount of flakiness. The chowder was not as thick as most I've had but still very tasty. So many clams! And the bits of bacon just really added to the flavor. The prices were decent. A little bit pricy but very reasonable for a seafood restaurant. I was hesitant at first since the restaurant was so empty but very glad I took a chance on it. Only weird thing was while I was sitting in the patio area a homeless(?) man came by trying to sell me a CD of his rapping. Totally random and unexpected. Maybe I was just surprised since this seemed like such an uppity area.  A little off putting at first but that really has nothing to do with the restaurant itself.
5	With Gino as our waiter we felt like we were back in NY, in a good way! I had the sole which was prepared perfectly and my husband had the short ribs which he said were relish. We both started with the wedge salad that was perfectly fresh and almost a meal in itself. Based on the menu we are looking forward to adding Cuttlefish to our regular restaurant rotation. There are so many dishes that I want to try.
5	The service was excellent! Try the stuffed pork chop it was amazing. Ask for Tracy he took great care of us. For the dessert try the chocolate caramel souffle it was delicious.
3	Service was a bit uneven.  They didn't have many of the wines on their wine list, which was a bit strange.  The food was pretty good.  Background music in the restaurant was too loud and impeded conversation.  All of that said, this is a pretty good restaurant that just needs to correct a few small things.
4	Fish and myself go together like Brick Tamland and a nice pair of slacks. I eat fish almost daily, and I for one hate going out and blowing big bucks on fish I can easily prepare at home. For less than 1/2 the price, I can do what most places do. BUT (major but) there are a handful of spots out there that get it right and I am willing to eat fish at.... Cuttlefish is one of them.~Fud/Drinks~So the one kicker about this place which I found out during an Elite event the owner took part in, is that the majority of the seafare comes in fresh caught that same day. Ownership prides themselves on responsibly sourced food that tastes great and is great for you. I have had the opportunity to enjoy a bevvy of options, and can attest to the quality of the sauces and ingredients. As a fish lover, something as simple as Petra Sole can be exquisitely and masterfully cooked. No single dish lacks quality, even appetizers are fresh made. When you come in and sit down, you immediately see a really nice oyster bar. I highly suggest coming during Happy Hour (3pm-7pm EACH day) and trying some discounted oysters from this place. Really high quality stuff. On Wednesdays specifically, its 1/2 price oysters and champagne..can't beat it. Drinks by the way, are magnificent here. I enjoyed the Sake To Me cocktail primarily made up of coconut sake and tequila. It was delectable. My partner in crime enjoyed a couple cocktails, one with white cranberry's that have been soaking for 2 weeks! Holy infusion Batman! She was hankering for a 3rd before we bowed out. The bill was well worth it. We both agreed that the drinks alone were worth a drive back here....~Atmosphere/Service~Service is superior to most basic restaurants, and on par with what you would expect at a high-level restaurant like this. The waiter offered up suggestions from the wine list and was personable, attentive, and kept us satisfied with solid service. Atmosphere is a hit and miss, it is very busy during happy hours, however dead hours are just that...dead. It is not Red Lobster, folks...Not everyone is eating here daily. With lightly decorations, lower lighting and an inviting bar area with marble counter-top, the restaurant has a sleek look you would expect once again from a nice Scottsdale Corridor restaurant.~The Downlow~Overall, 4 stars goes out to Cuttlefish for the freshness and quality of fish, solid service, and superb happy hour options. As I come back more, they will probably earn that extra star...In time, as I say. If you are anywhere in the East Valley, you will be hard-pressed to find anything offering as fresh of fish as they do here. It is imperative you try Cuttlefish, to taste the difference and experience the quality for yourself. A great date option, it is Jefe approved gents! Come on out and enjoy the finer side of the sea!
5	We went early and sat at the bar.  The ambiance was elegant and modern.  We felt comfortable and enjoyed the evening. The bartender was friendly and knew the menu well.  We ordered the cuttlefish appetizer and it was flavorful.  The texture was closer to swordfish so it held together well.  We are returning to this restaurant!
5	We made reservations and indicated it was our anniversary.  The wait staff remembered that and provided a superb Italian desert at the end of the meal.   That indicated the superb attention to detail.  We had the tuna tartare and oysters to start. Each were superb and the tuna was quite large and paired with some interesting extras.   I had the  Branzino  and my wife had the pasta Nero with shrimp and scallops.  It again was delicious and the pasta was homemade and the fish was served with two fillets.  Never seen that before.  We received two complimentary glasses of wine since the server thought it took too long to serve us.   However it really didn't but we appreciated her attention to detail.   We will be going back even though it is almost 40 minutes to get there.  Being Italian it is do nice to see an Italian restaurant doing seafood so well.
5	Cuttlefish does three things perfectly:1) Food - just outstanding.  We sat in the bar area and just picked things off of the happy hour menu. The Fish Tacos? Perfect.  Big pieces of fish (but appropriate for the tortilla size), crisp, fresh cabbage, perfect seasoning... mmm.  We tried the three types of oysters they had, and they ended up being so fresh and delicious that I wasn't adding horseradish to them - just fresh delicious oysters.  We had the smoked fish board, which was equally incredible, with this rich creamy mascarpone that just made every other soft cheese I've ever eaten feel unnecessary.  And the surf and turf skewers.  Just awesome.  I recommend every bit of it.2) Atmosphere - Cuttlefish is the sister restaurant of Notorious Burgers/Kitchen next door, and both of these places are just super classy, with really interesting, engaging (but not distracting) decor, that makes the entire experience just fun.  The oyster bar is surrounded by chopped-off bikes, which I will absolutely be back to sit on and consume unreasonable amounts of oysters.  The divider between the private dining area and the rest of the restaurant is inspired, the booths are comfortable, large (I'm a skinny dude but I like a lot of space), and feel luxurious - not cheap.  And the music really sets the mood.  This would be a great place for a date (ask and make sure he/she likes seafood first, of course).3) Customer Service - I stopped here yesterday after spending all day traveling.  Just looking at the place from the outside, you know it's a classy joint, and after spending 6 hours cooped up in a plane, I'm still wearing jeans and a t-shirt, I kind of expect to walk in here and be treated like a second-class citizen.  Totally NOT the case.  I might be a common man, but I had nothing but smiles, service, and help from the moment I stepped through the door.  I've been to their sister restaurant many times, so I don't think this is the result of good management and smart hiring - not a one-off experience.  The people who work here are helpful, respectful, friendly, and generally just pretty damn cool.  Everybody seems to be happy, and that makes all the difference.Anyway, if that was too long to read: It's a freakin' awesome place.  Go there.  Preferably with someone you want to impress.
5	Food, service and ambience was awesome! If you can, ask for Gino, he was an amiable and fantastic server. definitely recommend!
1	Very average food especially for the cost. Spending $29 for over cooked shrimp with some mozzarella on it was a rip off. The halibut was even worse with barely any fish and a 1/4 cup of mashed potatoes for $30. Plus the server dropped off our check before our dessert even came. Talk about being rushed!!  If I'm going to spend over $120 for dinner for 2 at a nice seafood restaurant I would far prefer Eddie V's than Cuttlefish. Will not be going back.
1	Total rip off $109 for two with no alcohol. Rushed to order and rushed to leave. Quality of food was average at best. Limited menu offered on New Year's Eve. When we made our reservations they did not tell use they would be offering a limited menu. Broccoli rob was undercooked, portion of fish was very small.
5	Food is great and the ambiance is exceptional. Thank you Joey and Cristina for such an amazing dinning experience!
