2	We tried out this resturant for breakfast, our service was extremely slow. Looked like it was just our waiter that was slow, everyone else seemed to get prompt service. It took our waiter Andy about 20min to come over and ask what we wanted to drink yet alone take our order. The food is average, the silverware dirty! We got our check to pay and lo and behold there was a line to pay!! That took another 10 min. The reason we decided to eat at this place to begin with was the 5 dollar off coupon we recieved. Let me tell you it's going to take more than 5 dollars off to get me back into this place. Stay away!!!!!!
3	D Grill isn't quite sure what it wants to be yet, and the staff is really just settling in.  Service was attentive, but they were slow to bring out my sirloin burger.  The name, and most of the menu implies an informal coffee shop, but the decor and somewhat pretentious service at times would make you think you were in a gourmet restaurant at a boutique hotel.With that said, I am certainly willing to give D Grill another chance, and the sirloin burger was A+, and was fairly priced at about $11.49.
4	Had breakfast here on 1/12/2013, they said they have been open less than 3 weeks.  I ordered an omelette and coffee, the food was really good!  Coffee was good too, and refills came promptly.  No problems with the service.
5	When I heard about this place initially, I thought another casino cafe style restaurant that I probably would not even review, not to mention give 5 stars. I am pleased to say I was wrong and happy I was! Warning: We ordered half the menu, so this review may get lengthy. A friend of my bf and I is a server here so we requested his section. To be honest, no matter where we've visited him while dining he has always been on his game when it comes to serving. So no surprise our service was extraordinary regardless of the fact that they were super busy. I also noticed the  many suits around simply observing, I could tell the big bosses were in town so everyone was making sure to impress. The place itself its kind of hidden in the corner, but once you enter the place the decor is pretty cool. Forks, spoons, and knives shine on the wall. (see pic) and the lighting isn't too bright nor dim. Ok on to the good stuff, THE FOOD. For an appetizer we went with the recommended spinach artichoke dip. THANK GOD someone stopped using applebees same ol same ol. I could taste this was home made and fresh. Honestly it reminded me of one I once made for Christmas, so of course I liked it! The chips come in 4 colors, and the white and red ones taste better than the green and black. I think one is made in house and one is bagged. As usual, we both ordered 2 entrees. My boyfriend (who if you haven't yet added, he now has a YELP, Brent S) ordered the Loco Moco, and the pulled pork. I had a blue cheese bacon burger and a side of biscuits and gravy. (looks like they serve breakfast & lunch til 4pm). Once served we were asked what type of jelly we'd like for the toast. So happy we didn't skip this part. We actually raved so much about our first choice of raspberry jelly that they insisted on bringing out the other 2 for us to try. Strawberry and Peach. Honestly- Knott's Berry Farm should look out if these kids ever get in the jelly business. Bottom line, it was just plain GREAT.  My bf devoured his Loco Moco so fast that I did not even steal a bite. It came in a big bowl and looked awesome. I did manage to grab a bite of the pulled pork and it was delish! On the sweet side and not over or underly cooked. My burger was good as well. There was a lot of blue cheese but it was not that overwhelming stinky feet blue cheese so it balanced well. I went with the garlic parm fries over the regular. I would eat the biscuits and gravy on a weekly basis if I could. The biscuits tasted less than an hour old and the gravy also reminded me of my own. Really I think thats why this place got 5 stars. The food just reminded me of home. From the jellies, to the burger, to the onion soup that I ordered to go. You could tell this place (as of yet) IS NOT cutting corners at all. I really hope the succeed so they wont have to. I am looking forward to returning for dinner. I am actually regretting that I did not look at a dinner menu while there. The manager came over and checked on us and mentioned in about a month they are also opening a Steakhouse. I overheard some of the Bigwigs talking about it as well. They said they are from Detroit, and that's what the D really stands for so if you visit this place you can pretend you knew. Your welcome, and enjoy. PS I may have possibly mentioned to the bossman that I wanted to throw a UYE here. I mean maybe. :)
2	This place has a nice look and lots of friendly wait staff but the food was very bland overpriced for the quality.  They only serve beer and wine and the beer is all cheap stuff like bud light and corona.  We ate here our first night at the hotel and decided not to eat here again.  I'd suggest going to Luna Rosa just across the street.
5	Well this new restaurant seems to amaze us with its proffesionalism. I thought we were dining at a fine dining steakhouse. They have a very proffesional server and busser. And the food itself are magnificent.We ordered the fish and chips and the bbq baby back ribs and it was wonderful. The fish and chips are crispy and wonderful while the ribs fell of the bone and pretty flavorful. For a pretty decent price, D grill should be one of your fav restaurant when you visit downtown vegas. Especially when its located inside the D casino where all the action is happening.
4	I am rating this place against other 24 hr cafes, that is why it gets four stars. It is one of the better diners in Vegas.The appetizers were good. Mango relish on coconut shrimp was good, slaw was okay.  The sliders were good, lots of flavor.  The best thing about the meal were the crab cakes. Some of the best crab cakes I have had. Full of crab, no filler, good tasting crab.  The horseradish cream and jicama slaw they served with them were a great complement.  Definitely get the crab cakes. The French onion soup was good.  Good broth and excellent onion flavor.  My father in law got the meatloaf, it wasn't good. The flavor was there, but the texture was horrible. I got the demolition burger. Good amounts of corned beef, they overlooked my burger, asked for medium served well. The burger as a whole was tasty and very big.  My wife got the salmon tostadas. She liked them a lot, the coleslaw that comes with it not so much.  She said the tortillas were very crispy and the salmon fresh.
4	I've eaten breakfast lunch and dinner here at least 10 times over the last month while staying at the D. The food here is delicious and reasonably priced. I'm a big fan of the Reuben and the demolition burger.If you're in the neighborhood give this place a shot!
5	Good service and great steak sandwich and meatball sandwich. This restaurant is tucked away on the 2nd floor of the D Hotel casino. Prices are very reasonable for being in a hotel. It's worth the walk and search down Fremont street to get to this place.
1	Just got back from staying at The D. While I love what the new owner has done with the place. Whoever he hired to set up and staff the D grill really dropped the ball. Took twenty minutes to get seated in what we found out was a half empty restaurant. We were told that we had to wait so that our server could prepare for us. Well.... He should have prepared better. Long story short. 6 people walked out.
3	Good bread cool service!The Sarah Palin look alike waitress on the night shift is super cool & the day shift is pretty cool too.Food gives me a ihop feel with better decorI would come here again but NOT stay at the D Hotel The hotel itself is a whole diffrent story
3	Good food, and very good prices for the location. Right on Fremont Street.
5	So good! Try the portobello eggplant sandwich! Also, black bean veg burger or regular burgers are the bomb! Bread pudding  is delicious too! Good service, nice modern decor. Love it! Try it!
5	My wife happened on The D Grill by accident, and glad we did. Tucked away on the second floor of the D Hotel and CasinoWe were promptly greeted at the door and seated right away in a spacious booth. The restaurant seemed brand new and has an old school Vegas feel.Well we weren't going to eat much until I read the menu, so we both started with apps.I had the fish Taco's and my wife the Ceviche; my tacos were killer to say the least although I thought the Salsa Verde needed more heat. My wife said she loved the Ceviche it was nice and fresh.Our server seemed excited to tell us about the food and was all over it. Good friendly Service is something we are generally not used to getting in Casino restaurants. That said, I had the ribs and my wife as usual had a salad called the Chicken Fruit. It had chicken on it with apples, pineapple, bananas, strawberries and pecans and came with a strawberry yogurt dressing. Not something I would order but she loved it, what the hell it made her happy and that keeps me out of trouble.More importantly my ribs were very, very good ok I'm going to say it, some of the best ribs I've had in Vegas, Ok I said it! They were tender and came off the bone with ease; the sauce was sweet tanging and a little smoky the fries and cole slaw that came with them were run of the mill.If I'm down this way again we will come back.
4	I stayed at the newly renovated D Hotel and Casino this past weekend and I was happy to learn that there were 3 separate eateries open 24 hours. After a day and then a night of drinking our group was looking for a substantial sit down meal and D Grill fit the bill. We arrived around 1a.m. and the restaurant was mostly empty.From what I do remember (I was pretty inebriated at this point), I was very impressed with the restaurant's decor and ambiance. Our servers were efficient, quick and polite. I felt that the menu was well balanced and that there was a good selection even this late at night. As a matter of fact, the only items that were not available at that time of night were the dinner specialties. We started with the spinach dip which came with freshly made chips. I also had a french onion soup which was very good. My husband ordered an italian sandwich and fries and he enjoyed that. My brother had a meatball sub and was not able to finish the large portion that he received (he is a big guy too!). My sister in law had hashbrowns, bacon and an english muffin - all standard. I ordered the hudson salad. It was decent, not the best salad I have ever had and I wasn't head over heels for the hudson dressing but it wasn't terrible by any means. The food was good, the service was exceptional and the new decor is fresh and contemporary. I would dine at the D Grill again if I am ever on Fremont.
3	Hot! This place is very warm if y sit anywhere towards the front, I feel bad for the girls tht work here because the lights are so warm. It wasn't a major problem though, the wait time was quick to sit down, we ordered the New York steaks, they took awhile to cook but man was it worth it. These were fat New York steaks that didn't need any sauce or added flavor, they were delicious and the vegetables and mashed potatoes it came with were amazing as well. The food got an A plus and the iced tea was great too. However there was a little tension detected between the waitress and the hostess. On more than one occasion while we were there there was a problem between the 2 girls at the front and the waitress. I don't like knowing if there's a problem between staff if there is one.
4	We are fans of this place.  It's remodeled so it is fresh and new too!   We have eaten at this place on several occasions within the past month and my only recommendation is the hostess station.  Either you stand and wait for a hostess, OR you are overwhelmed with all the employees standing there waiting for someone to walk in - and that is a little intimidating and overwhelming.  One person would be sufficient please.Paul loves the aluminum seating.  I love the water-jetted silverware panel's backlit with lights; it is a brilliant, inexpensive way to add so much character to a wall in a restaurant.  Great job!  We brought a party of 5 into the place and everyone was very happy with the meal and service!  Congratulations D Grill!   A personal tip of ours would be to walk out on the balcony by the bar just outside the restaurant and overlook all the people walking down Fremont experience - it is a great spot to overlook Fremont.  ENJOY!
1	The atmosphere seemed great. The staff was amazing. The food was sub par. 5 out of 6 people in party were very unhappy with quality of food. Manager took care of our bill and was great but food left something to be desired.
3	Your basics are covered here. The food is good, the staff attentive, and not over priced.
4	Pretty tasty food and reasonable prices.  Service was on point, waitress was attentive and a manager stopped by to chat.  Will definitely be back next time I'm looking for a quick bite downtown.
4	My mom and me stayed at The D for a week and ended up eating there about 3 times we stayed there. If you are staying there, be sure and ask the desk rep for discount vouchers for the D. They gave us about 5 dollar vouchers which were coupons helping make the meal more cheap. The first night I tried fried chicken, which was about 13 bucks and boy was it yummy. They are very generous with the portions, giving you exactly half a chicken for your meal, two people could share it. All meals come with salad for lunch/dinner. but the best part was the portions.The second day I had the shrimp Alfredo which I was not impressed with, I knew I shouldn't of chanced shrimp in the desert. The southwest is not always the best place to order seafood unless its shipped in fresh. The third time I went to The D Grill I had breakfast, which I can't remember the name of the dish, but it had fried corn tortillas which this cheesy mushroom sauce on top, with a fried egg smothered in pico de gallo, and sliced avocado on top and a drizzle of sour cream and chives on top of a bed of re-fried black beans.The food was yummy and worth the money, just wish I could of tired out the steakhouse couldn't imagine how amazing their food is.
3	D-Grill was a recent trip we took based on Yelp reviews while vacationing in Vegas.The restaurant was newly renovated, fresh with excellent staff.  My husband ordered the fish and chips, which were a very generous portion and good.  I ordered the Scallops and swordfish medallions.  I was excited to see swordfish on the menu because it is so seldom offered at restaurants.  The mashed potatoes that accompanied the dish were legendary.  I know that sounds odd for mashed potatoes but there was just something about them that was outstanding.  The swordfish was very good a little dry, however the 2 scallops that they offered with the dish, were overcooked.  For $21.95 I thought there would perhaps 4 scallops (2 seemed skimpy although they were nice large scallops. I did not even eat the second scallop, given the rubbery texture and I love scallops!!! I know they are tricky to cook and can overcook in the matter of minutes so please D's check that the next time.  It makes all the difference to an excellent 5 star dish versus a 3 star dish. All in all good place but I think they need to perfect the cooking of the fish just a bit.I cannot go without saying that one of the Managing Staff (I wish I had the gentlemen's name) was outstanding.  Constantly checking with guests and even at one point took an order for the waiter so that the guests did not have to wait!  Service was top notch!
2	Oh seriously, dont.  While the ambiance is fine [they really must have had a designer on board here] the food is so on par with Denny's that you should just go to Denny's at half (or 1/3) the price if you like that sort of thing.  The coffee is weak and full of cereal filler: dont.  The toast/english muffin is coated in some type of trans fat: dont.   The omelets look good, but must be made from the cheapest ingredients because they taste more like cardboard: dont.  The soup is straight from a 5 gallon plastic bucket: dont.  The hash browns are limp, soggy, and bland: dont.Yeah, like I said, seriously: just dont.  I'm trying to be funny about it, but there is just not one thing funny to be said about eating here.  haha
3	This was my first encounter at the "D" Grill.  The experience was just okay.I began with a crock of French Onion Soup which was too salty but otherwise good.  A Dinner Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing included Red Onion, mixed greens, and cucumbers, but just one tomato wedge.  Cole Slaw was good and creamy, but Mashed Potatoes were thin.  A cup of Chicken Noodle Soup had flavor that was okay, but the noodles were overcooked.  My entree of Italian Smoked Meatloaf, consisting of three huge bacon-wrapped meatloaf patties, was very tasty but not very hot.  A dinner roll was somewhat dry.Seating was not luxurious but comfortable.  Service was real attentive in the beginning but then it greatly slacked off.
2	The hubs and I stopped in here for dinner before seeing a show at The D. The decor was really nice (we loved how the new owners of the property renovated the old Fitzgerald's), yet I noticed at least a weeks worth of dust atop the lighting fixtures and the ledge above the table. This is the desert, so they should be dusting every 2 days, if not every day. And it also gets me to wondering about the cleanliness of the kitchen....My husband ordered the shrimp pasta dish. He said was pretty good - average. I ordered a stuffed chicken breast with polenta cakes. My dish arrived with mashed potatoes instead of polenta. I questioned the waiter about it and he went to find out. He returned saying that the chef had changed the menu and the new changes didn't yet appear on the printed menus. So wondering if changes were made, why were the wait staff not informed about it? The chicken was also dry. The up side to this cafe is the staff and the decor. Food can be had better somewhere else.
2	Decent grill for what it's worth but make sure you know what that is exactly before you come. Basic menu, mostly reheated Cisco food, with enormous portions. I had the stuffed chicken which was okay but way too much to eat. Date had the chicken mushroom penne, which had WAY too much garlic (and I love garlic). Service and ambiance were fine but again for the price to you can find much better very close to this spot.
4	Friendly service & well priced menu open 24 hours!
2	Incredibly disappointed.  The 'old' d restaurant may have been a little old and run down, but my experience there was always with friendly and competent workers.  We needed just a little snack to take back to our room, so ordered the chicken tenders--once we got to place our order that is.  We walked up to a counter with three people working, no smiles, no immediate help, then we were told to wait bc 'someone' would be coming to take our order (note, the restaurant was very empty as this was during a non-meal time). That didn't happen and eventually one of them took it.....begrudgingly.  We got our food in a decent amount of time, but one look and it's a good thing these didnt take long!--warning, these are definitely just a snack, not a meal....four thin little tenders....I paid extra for a third (buffalo) sauce and the container was significantly less than half full----not that that ended up mattering since there was so little chicken.  We paid for the $10 snack, plus the service fee and gratuity that is apparently added to every to-go order...for subpar service, it's hard to feel good about paying that.  As we waited, we watched them give the same poor service to other customers, including someone who called and was put on hold.....and remained on hold until someone i can only guess was a manager came up, noticed it, and took care if the caller herself.  Friendliness matters, mr. D, and it was not there today.  Next time, we will go back to our old reliable standby of Binion's Cafe--always friendly and delicious!
4	We had a stay at the D so in the morning we decided to grab breakfast here, especially since when we checked in we received a $5 dollar off coupon.  Breakfast was good but what I thought was awesome was that they make their own jams.  No prepackaged here.  I loved the mixed berry but hubby preferred the strawberry.  You could have also selected a peach and I believe one more but can not remember.
1	I was staying at the hotel and had breakfast here because the hotel gave me a $5 off coupon at check-in.  I didn't really look too close at the coupon until I got to the restaurant and then noticed that it had an expired date.  These guys are really sharp handing out coupons with an expired date.  When I asked about the expired date before being seated the manager or at least the person who acted like he was in   charge  said he would take the coupon  but acted like he was doing me a big favor.In hindsight if he would not have taken the coupon I might have left and that would have been a much better favor.There were only a couple of tables seated so the service wasn't an issue.  I just wonder if the cook didn't show up for his shift and the buss boy was filling in.  I ordered an omelette that included hash browns and toast.  The omelette was  under cooked and pretty bland even with their so called pico-de-gallo that was just diced tomatoes and onion.  The hash browns that I was supposed to get was replaced with some fried potato slices that were pretty tasteless.  When I mentioned to the waiter that it said hash browns on the menu he explained they changed the menu.  Really?....don't you think  it would be nice if I was told this in advance.  To top off this less than stellar meal was burnt toast that was not in the least bit warm.I would return to this hotel, but I would never eat at The D Grill again. Waste of money, DON'T GO HERE!!!  Even McDonald's would have been better.
4	I've never stepped foot into the D although I work right downtown and I pleasantly surprised of how nice it was inside. The D Grill has really good food at an affordable price. Our waiter was really nice but it took forever for our food to come out. Hopefully if I go again it won't take as long for the food to be served.
4	Where the casino is dark, with low ceilings and could stand an update, the D Grill is a very nice oasis.  With kind of a fifties diner decor and menu, the D Grill served some good food.  We came to the D to play the quarter horse race game and stopped at the D Grill for lunch.  We wound up having breakfast instead.  I had the Cowboy, which is country fried steak with with gravy along with two eggs and Texas toast.  The toast is served under the steak, but I would prefer to have it on the side.  Wife had two eggs with ham and toast.  Along with the toast they provide homemade strawberry preserves which are awesome.  Service was good and the food was good as well.
4	When you find out that a 3.5 star rated restaurant is serving a full Thanksgiving meal (including dessert) for $12.99 you should:A) Be scaredB) Say "Yolo!"C) Go for it!The answer is C. A solid overall choice for Thanksgiving, and for a price that is unheard of on The Strip.I ordered Prime Rib and am not sure what I was expecting, but t was actually quite good. Not top 5, but solid by any calculations. Husband had the turkey. He ate it all. The sides were also good, the mashed potatoes creamy, the stuffing similar to Mom's, the vegetables cooked well. They ran out of the advertised dessert, but graciously offered us other choices from the menu.The decor at the D Grill is also a-ok. One can tell it has been recently updated and is immaculate and inviting. The service was good, particularly on such a busy night with so many large parties. It was fun to see life outside the strip and we walked to Freemont Street and the Container Village (closed but fun to see) nearby afterward in a feeble attempt to burn off our meal. Hubs had read about the revitalization of downtown prior to our trip and it was wonderful to see!We took a gamble (Get it? Ha ha!) and we're fans! I'd do it again and I'd recommend the D Grill to others too.
3	The food was just ok. The quality doesn't stack up against other diners I've been to. Their French onion soup was really really salty the night we went. The pancakes my husband ordered were ok, I've made better at home in all honesty.
2	Gone are the days when you could get a $1.99 egg, hash brown, and toast special.  That may have ended 5 years ago, but I stayed at The D and was given a $5 off coupon for The D Grill, so their $6.99 breakfast special was about $1.99 in comparison.Unfortunately, the service (or lack thereof) killed the experience.  I was promptly seated but waited forever to order even though I knew what I wanted.  It's a tiny meal, so I finished quickly.  But I couldn't get my server's attention to get my check, which in my opinion should have already been dropped off as she saw me halfway done quickly after dropping the food off.I had to go to an appointment so I just went up to the counter to pay.  I guess the server I had doesn't like tips.  Won't be back.
3	The diner has been nicely remodeled, the it's not to classy yet not to trashy. I really like The D hotel and how they have remodeled and yet still kept classic vegas. The meal we excellent the steak I ordered was prepared to order and to be honest was probably straight from the steakhouse behind it , maybe a shared kitchen? The sides were mash potatos & veggies, the steak was topped w blue cheese crumbles. Salad w dressing and dinner rolls were also included. The wait staff was very attentive and promptly refilled out drinks and brought bill on time. I like that you can use casino vouchers for meals here and also your player card points. The only thing I didn't like was there was no waiting area or paging system, so during busy times it's a mess hanging out in front of the diner.
4	I came to the D to get my fill of meat. I left fully satisfied with the D. The manager himself was glad to hear that I was fulfilled by the D. However, there was an unfortunate aftertaste with the D cheese fries.
4	I just got done eating at D Grill. In fact I'm writing thus sitting in the booth! I had a great experience. Service was great, tiny bit slow but I noticed the server has quite a large section.I had the meatloaf and my friend had the prime rib special. Meatloaf was good but a bit dry and prime rib was excellent. So tender you could cut it with a butter knife.Also had the onion soup and chicken noodle. Both good, onion had too much cheese for me but the soup i did taste was good. I preferred the chicken noodle over it. The chicken noodle was very flavorful and well done.Everyone was friendly and helpful. They gladly substituted the marinara sauce on my meatloaf for gravy as I'm not a big red sauce kinda girl. Overall the experience was very good. There aren't many places on freemont to get this good of food for such good prices. I was very impressed. Our booth was comfortable as well.  The place was clean too and a nice get away from the loud smelly casino and other restaurants.  Ill definitely be back.
4	This is really more a 3.5 owing more to the service than to the food.  We went there for an impromptu dinner with a group of six.  We were pleasantly surprised by the diversity of the menu and the overall quality of the dishes and appetizers available.  The artichoke dip appetizer was excellent and good compared to how it has been at a number of other restaurants.  The clam chowder was very good as well.  I had the steak sandwich and this was well made, seasoned and made from good ingredients.  I had a chance to try the mahi mahi that another member of the group ordered as well.  The fish was well cooked, properly seasoned.  Overall the menu pricing was very fair for the quality of food served.The service was very slow and it took a long time to get refills on water glasses.  Our server spilled water near one of the members of the group and made a half-hearted cleanup effort.  Maybe it was just a bad day for the server or an off-night, but that was our experience.  To order a hard liquor drink one has to have the casino cocktail waitress come in to the restaurant which makes for a largely inefficient process.  This is no fault of the staff, but more of a liquor license issue I would imagine.
4	Stopped by for a quick bite here since it was right down the street from the Mob Museum. It's on the second floor of the D, right past the old school slow machines that still give out coins instead of those tickets. Really old school feeling to the place when you hear the slot machines dumping out coins and people walking around with buckets.We tried the wings, California chicken club, and the classic Reuben. The food was actually very tasty. The wings are served on a bed of fries and the sandwiches come with a pickle. Only rated 4 stars since the alcohol selection is very limited here. I don't see why, it's Las Vegas, isn't there supposed to be a a full bar whenever you're inside a casino?
5	Great stuffed French toast and Philly cheese steak. The portions and price point is worth the trek down to the D hotel just for breakfast, lunch or dinner. So next time you are down Fremont street and really hungry stop in and get food. Ambiance is casual but still classy but not border lining on trendy. And wait staff is courtesy and helpful about making recommendations. You can actually tell they have their favorites and have actually ordered and eaten the food at the establishment they work at which is nice to know that they are not just pushing specials.
3	Service is very spotty. We stay at the D when we visit Vegas (every 2 months) and eat here 4 or 5 times per visit due to our food being comped. If we were paying for it ourselves, we probably would not go. It is pretty pricey for what you get. So many better bargains and quality downtown. The good meals that we enjoyed their were, the bacon wrapped pork loin that they have taken off of the menu. Most of the breakfasts along with their homemade jams. Yum!!!  The steak dinner, The French Onion soup, but lacks consistency, and the spinach dip. The other downside, they offer only breakfast and lunch until 4pm.  No dinner meals whatsoever.
2	15 minute wait for a table, no problem. 15 minute wait in line to pay after eating, big problem.  Food was fine. The place is badly understaffed bordering on chaos.
5	Excellent breakfast! I had the crab cakes bennidict, it was awesome! Also, ask fir your hash browns extra crispy :-D
5	Awesome. Food and service was great. The servers really know their stuff. The buser refilled out water every 5 minutes. Also, unlike most places in Vegas this place was actually worth the $. Our family of 6 ate for less than a $100, AND it was the best meal during our trip. Don't hesitate to eat here, we had an amazing time. Stop by and you will too!
4	In what appears to be a somewhat tacky hotel/casino is a jewel of a restaurant, the D Grill. The service was 5-star for sure. The food was excellent. It was the first place in Vegas to serve us warm bread before the meal and keep our water glasses full. The staff made us feel like VIP visitors. Another great thing is that after paying exorbitant prices for food in the big hotels on the strip, this lovely restaurant charged us less than $60 for 5 of us to eat exactly what we each wanted. If you can get over the fact that it's in the Fremont District and that you have to wade through a pretty seedy-looking casino, you are in for a treat!
3	The prime rib is not good. Not seasoned well. The service is decent but I barely started eating and the server brings the bill and never returned.
5	Definitely the best meal I ate in Vegas.  Great Value, good service, excellent prime rib.  we happened on it by chance, but glad we did.
3	For a Fremont Street Hotel Cafe...Yeah, pretty good. Had a deal from them since I was staying and glad i tried. Good food, good service, valuable as well. If I happen to stay there again, I will be going back.
4	We only had breakfast here, but it was fresh and delicious. We had the special and the price was excellent ..like 7.99 I think. Perfect. Orange juice was cold and sweet. Coffee was delicious. We had "Mari" both days as a server and she was precious.The decor was part of the recent upgrade and very nice. I liked the new wall providing privacy for diners also.I was extremely happy.
4	FRENCH DIP is to die for , there was a group of 8 of us and the service was second to none . French dip is outstanding as the beef is well cooked ( not to rare ) & the onion rings OMG.Portion size is good and price is extremely reasonable
2	Came to this place and we were pretty excited to try it out, we looked at the menu and my Beau and I decided to try out their fish and chips. We were very excited- I mean like really, super excited and we were really looking forward to digging in and chowing down. We decided to get the fish and chips and I have to say that I was pretty disappointed. We got 3 pieces of the smallest little fish filets, I kid you not, they were a tad bit bigger than chicken nuggets- I was not impressed. They were mediocre, I mean they were not super flavourful, definitely not the best that I've had and it was a lot of breading for such little pieces of fish. Their salad was okay, and I could care less for their cole slaw... Not my thing. All I have to say is that if you go, do not order the fish and chips- that is all. I don't think that I would go out of my way for this place, if ever. No hard feelings, just way below what I expected.
1	Food Allergies? Avoid at all cost, no substitutions for allergies, servers don't care, manager didn't seem too sympathetic. Its 2014, research is out, a large amount of people have food allergies, catering to all is what makes a restaurant dynamic and enjoyable for all. Many restaurants are already on this path to alternate options for those suffering from severe food allergies such as celiac disease,  gluten intolerance. I understand they don't have options, but the fact the employees careless is what earned them a 1 star.
4	My wife let me try a bite of her Filet Mignon. It was melt in your mouth goodness. I had the California Chicken Club which was good but not special. Our server had quite the personality. Try the vintage slots on the way in.
3	French toast?? Yes please! I was actually pleasantly surprised at how good the french toast is here! Usually with casino type cafe's (which this isn't I came to find out once coming in), the food is very subpar. But, I love the feel and ambiance of this restaurant. It is like a cafe but way nicer and more options of food. Bacon was okay and they actually had decent fruit as well. Price is pretty good but not the greatest either.They are located inside The D Casino upstairs with the vintage slot machines. Server was funny and did his job. Can't complain!
5	From detroit.Lived in vegas 7 yearsBrings back my taste buds memory.Always a good reminder.Love that place.Thank god for ds
2	Went to the D Grill one morning for some take-out food after staying overnight. It's on the 2nd floor of The D. Just around the corner from the set of escalators on the casino floor or the elevators. The menu is displayed outside so you can decide if you really want to eat there or not. I walked up to the hostess table & asked if they do take-out. They said yes but they'd still have to seat me at a table & I would have to order from one of the waiters still. Thought that was weird but I was hungry & agreed. I was seated at the nearest table to the host. The waiter in that section seemed quite busy. I remember distinctly him telling a party that was seated after me that he'd be right with them but there were 2 parties ahead of them. I was hoping he implied I was one of those parties because at that moment he still had not acknowledged me. He was taking down the orders of a table close by to where I was sitting. In the meantime a busboy and a female waitress had asked me if I wanted something to drink while I waited. At least they were on their game. The waiter came to take my order after about 5 mins of me waiting. Cant really say he made eye contact with me. Cant remember. He seem hurried but I was ordering one thing & I knew what it was. I wanted breakfast. 2 eggs scrambled, 2 bacon strips, hash browns & sourdough toast. I had to repeat my order to him. He must not have been paying attention when I clearly stated what I wanted the first time. SMH... Food came in a plastic bag ready to go about 7-10 minutes later and was given to me by the busser. Not too long of a wait. I still left a tip... It was for the busboy and waitress that had smiles and actually asked me if I needed anything. I understand I was only a take-out customer but i deserve the same level of acknowledgement and customer service as any dine-in patron. That's my 2 cents and I feel strongly about it.Food wasnt bad. Hash browns were crispy on the outside and tasty. I added a little bit of salt. Scrambled eggs were standard. Bacon was smoky & crispy. Sourdough bread was buttered and plenty of Smucker's jam (grape & strawberry) were packed along with utensils & salt packets. Im glad they did because I forgot to neither check for them or ask.
4	Really great Eggs Benedict, fluffy pancakes, and a stuffed French Toast that rivals the others in the neighborhood. This place is not the cheapest, but it is always consistent and the service is always friendly and quick. The hostesses are especially sweet, there isn't an air of fake to their guest service. I recommend this place for breakfast on Fremont, and will report back with my views on lunch and dinner when I finally come here after noon.
4	My recent second visit to the D Grill was a great improvement over the first.  This time I  began with a bowl of real hot and outstanding creamy Clam Chowder filled with clams, potatoes, and a few pieces of celery.  This crock of smoking goodness that was almost like a meal in itself was just a little too salty.  Diane's cup of Clam Chowder was just as hot and good as my bowl, but at $2.00 less, looked like a filled thimble beside it.Next up was a rather massive Side Salad with crisp and cool Iceberg Lettuce, multiple tomato wedges, sliced cucumbers, Red Onions, some snippets of Red Cabbage, and a few carrot splinters.  It came with an ordered Honey Mustard Dressing that was mellow, Dijon-like but milder, and excellent.Then I enjoyed a generous portion of tender Tri-Tip covered with a delicious Brown Gravy, and served with a creamy and this time rather rich Mashed Potatoes; vegetables that were neither too hard nor too soft, but just right; and a tasty hunk of crusty Sourdough Bread.  Meanwhile, Diane waxed euphoric over her Beef Dip Sandwich dunked in great au jus.  I know because she insisted I try a bite; it was full of lean roast beef mixed with melted Swiss Cheese and the taste of a savory hot beefy liquid that nicely broke down the soft roll.  That fine bite convinced me to order this beauty for myself one day soon.Our booth seating in the bright and modernistic dining room was very comfortable, and our pleasant server hopped to and fro with water refills, extra butter, and more au jus.This just proves that restaurants that don't deliver too well on the first visit, but show some promise, should still often be given another chance months later.  A diner may very well be happily rewarded with marked improvement and a memorable meal!
3	Three stars. One star for my moms salad being descent, 2nd star, sisters meatloaf not too shabby and 3rd star, for my bacon n mash potatoes. Hash browns OLD N OILY!!
1	The manager would not even show him self. Do not eat there the steak is hard and over priced.
