1	If you don't care to bother with clients who only want to get into the club to party then why do you offer the service?My friends and I were left high and dry outside of Pure on Halloween night when our "host" left because we arrived late and never came back.We were a little sketched out when we were told to meet with Jeff to give him the money outside of the restaurant where he was eating dinner, without receipt or contract handy. He assured us that he wouldn't bother to scam us over "only $280." Sorry that we're not high rollers and VIP table guests but $280 is a lot for us to hand over someone without really being sure of how their company works.Despite being sketched out, we went along with it because the company was recommended in a guide book I had purchased. The first night went relatively smoothly. We arrived later than our estimated time, but our host Jeff Berg met us and took us into the club without a hitch. The second night, we were again arriving late since we were 4 girls getting ready in one room and visitors who were totally unaware of just how long it takes to go less than a mile down the strip. Our host, Ron Berg (Jeff's brother), was supposed to meet us up around 11:30 but again, we were running late as we were all trying to dress up in costume for Halloween.  When we got there, he had left to go to another venue but said he was on his way back to meet us. An hour passed with no word from him. He responded to neither text nor phone call.When I texted Jeff (a different Jeff than Jeff Berg), he told us to go to the bouncer and request a certain individual who let us in without question. If that's possible, then why is a host even necessary, and why did they not just tell us to do that instead of having us wait over an hour outside the club?We were told we'd get a refund for that night. We'll see if he sticks to his word.My advice, if you're not getting table service and all the hoopla, don't bother with Red Carpet VIP bc they clearly aren't concerned with deals in the measly hundreds. Apparently their heads have gotten too big after being featured on Travel Channel and MSN Travel and the Unofficial Guide to Las Vegas to care about the people that they started their business for.
2	I'd like to update my review of Red Carpet VIP. Based on my experience, I would not feel comfortable saying that "I'm a fan" or even that they're "A-ok." My friends and I did get that refund we were waiting for. However, this was only after I had requested it more than once and been accused of lying.I've added a star because a representative that I had not dealth with during my stay in Vegas reached out to me with an apology for our subpar experience and a promise of a better experience should I try their services in the future.I am glad to read that other Yelpers had a much much better experience than my friends and I had. Hopefully, our experience was simply a fluke and not due to anything else.
5	Short n sweet one here.  I was with 5 other guys.  We met one of the Red Carpet fellas at the Encore entrance and we immediately zipped past EVERYONE in line at XS.  We all had a great time @ XS.  Red Carpet provided me with the kind of service I want and expect from a premium service.  Everything was nice n smooth.  I will use them again in the future and recommend that anyone enjoys VIP treatment does the same.
5	Red Carpet VIP made my weekend hands down the best Vegas Trip I've had.  I had 15 guys,  and got into each club no problem!!!!  Very Professional, on time, and every thing went smooth.  I will definitely use RED CARPET again, I cant go to Vegas any other way!!!!!  Many Thanks Terry....
5	I used Jeff for 2 VIP club entrances on Memorial day weekend. The service is professional and everything went off without a hitch. I will be using this service again for VIP bottle service for my friend's 21 birthday weekend for labor day.
4	Great Communication So Far!I am planning an upcoming trip to Vegas.  I spent a lot of time researching different VIP companies and was most impressed thus far with Red Carpet VIP.  If their great communication is any indication of the level of service they provide, I'm hopeful it will be a great time.  I will be sure to send a follow up review to this after the trip.Note: what impressed me the most about them was that they didn't care that I was on a limited budget, they just want to make sure I have a great time no matter what!
1	My experience with Red Carpet VIP was pretty bad. After flying all the way to Vegas, at 9:45 PM the night of my sister's bachelorette party, I was told that we were not at Tao Nightclub but at Tao Beach upstairs, even though the contract I signed said "Includes Private VIP Table TAO Nightclub". He said that our package of $1100 wasn't expensive enough to get a table at the nightclub. They acted like "oh, its all the same club" but we couldn't even get into the VIP dance floor area at Tao Nightclub b/c our table was upstairs at Tao Beach. We were also promised 2 bottles of alcohol, but I couldn't even tell what kind of alcohol it was because it was already out in 2 open carafes when we got there - which is dangerous because anyone could have slipped anything into them before we arrived. It was supposedly Stoli but I have no idea what it was b/c there were no bottles there and who knows if it was 2 full bottles or not. He offered a refund if I didn't like it, but my sister and 10 friends had flown all the way there and had planned on having a table so I kept it (which is part of the scam b/c they know its a bachelorette party and that you want a table)My group was flexible and still had a nice time but the whole thing felt like this bait and switch scam and I felt taken advantage of. If you book with them get EVERYTHING IN WRITING including the brands of bottles and that you'll be able to actually see the bottles and where you will be placed in the building where the clubs are (upstairs at the pool vs. downstairs in the nightclub)I wouldn't recommend them b/c I don't trust them anymore.
3	So I wanted to update my review because the owner of Red Carpet VIP reached out to me repeatedly after my post in an effort to apologize for the way that my situation was handled that night. He offered a partial but substantial refund as a way to make it up to my sister who's wedding is next month. Perhaps we will use it to do something nice for her during that weekend. Anyway, any company that goes that far to make amends is worth trusting and most of their reviews are actually good, so if you reserve with Red Carpet, just make sure you are clear on the front end with your details and your experience will likely be 5 star.
5	Guys and Gals RC VIP is the real deal.  For a Bachelor party a group of us contacted them.  One of the guys came up to the hotel room with a seating chart as promised and we picked out table at Tryst for Sat night (I suggest another club on  Sat night).  We paid the cash deposit with a little hesitation not knowing if we would see them the next night.  To our delight on Sat. night we met the VIP rep and walked right past at least a 2 hr line. and right into the club to our waiting table and hostess/waitress.  Both of the guys we dealt with were professional.  We even got a bonus limo ride and no cover to Sapphire (again suggest another titty bar) but great service altogether.  If you've got the money to spend, go with these guys.  Lines are for chumps (new tag line for VIP haha).
5	My original experience with the previous owners at Carpet VIP was less than favorable. After my review, I was contacted by Kelvie (New Office Manager) Kelvie was nice enough to reach out to me and explained that after new management their services have improved and was willing to refunded me the $100 that I originally paid and never received any proper services.  Mind you that my experience was over a year ago.  I have to rave about the prompt attention Kelvie gave to this matter, and its evident that they are still paying the price for bad management.  They are very interested in great customer service.  Next time I visit Vegas i will be looking forward to working with Carpet VIP and Kelvie.
5	This review is for anyone interested in a first class no wait VIP nightclub experience in Las Vegas.  After months of research and preparation, I hired RED CARPET VIP for bottle service into XS Nightclub for my niece's 21st birthday party.  From the moment I first contacted RED CARPET VIP, they were extremely responsive (thanks Kelvie and Steve)!  My host was Craig who was amazing.  He took excellent care of us all evening.  Everything went off without a hitch.  I was extremely nervous and RED CARPET VIP is the only group I will ever use.  AWESOME!!!  In a world of scare customer service, RED CARPET VIP was worth every penny.  Thanks guys!
5	Red Carpet VIP was extremely professional, prompt, and an awesome service all around.  We worked with Terry and Kelvie, who were on top of our reservations.  They helped me map out a great night at a club that suits my group...XS and it was awesome!  We walked passed all the suckers in line and also got a follow up call if everything turned out okay.  I will always use Red Carpet when I visit Vegas.  Recommend if...A) You'd rather holler at hoodrats WHILE you're drinking instead of in line.  B) You're a group of guys that's more than 3...because it's tough to get in a real club with a pack of dudes.  C) You're from out of town, in which they'll recommend the best spot for you.
5	Can I give 10 stars? Pretty Please?So here's how it works. 1. Schedule a trip to Vegas. 2. Contact Sammy @ Red Carpet VIP with plans you have in mind or ask him for the latest hottest restaurants, clubs, pools, and shopping venues. 3. Upon finalizing plans per his suggestions and agreeing on the passes you want, each person on your trip can pay via a secure online group payment link before your trip even starts (rather than one person covering it and never getting paid back). 4. After arriving in Vegas, between the hours of 7-8pm a host will contact you to coordinate your plans for the night in escorting you to your destination(s). 5. Meet your super awesome host at the time agreed upon. 6. Bypass the lines with a billion people waiting to get in and feel like a celebrity as they all watch you pass them by. You almost feel guilty about it.  Almost.7. You and your friends repeat 20x throughout the night, that Red Carpet VIP is absolutely the way to go and completely worth it.8. You text/email Sammy later on asking for more advice on where to get the best eats. 9. Sammy replies quickly with more tips and although you were sure you were annoying him this being your 100th inquiry to him, he didn't sound annoyed at all.10. You write a Yelp review because you had nothing less than VIP treatment with Red Carpet VIP, who just made your Vegas trip that much more mind blowing! I've worked with Sammy for 2 Vegas trips now and this company definitely exceeds all expectations with their VIP pass offerings and amazing care with their clients. Thank you Sammy, Ned, Jeff, Cristy and Kelvie! You are all rock stars and we LOVE YOU!!
5	I recently went to Vegas for MDW and with six guys, knew it would be tough to get in anywhere.I sent an inquiry to Red Carpet VIP and a rep (Jeremy) contacted me the next day.  I mentioned my plan and he was extremely helpful, providing me with all the info I needed and recommendations based on the day/night type of scene I was looking for.  He was always available and responded immediately to any questions I had.I ended up booking a table at Pure and VIP pool passes to the Palms.  They contacted me the day of and had a rep (Kevin) waiting to escort us in.  The service was flawless and we had an amazing time!The table was exactly as described on the terrace overlooking the strip, great spot!  Kevin walked us right to our table, no wait at all.  I couldn't even see the end of the line when we got to the club and it had just opened.  Had a blast that night!I highly recommend Red Carpet VIP and will definitely contact them for my next Vegas trip as they are extremely responsive, knowledgeable and exceeded all of my expectations.Thank you Jeremy, Kevin and Kelvie!
5	Absolutely the best service I have gotten in Vegas. No hanky panky, everything was documented, and all promises were kept. If it is something they cannot do, they'll let you know ahead of time without pulling any bait and switch tricks. We came here for a bachelor party of 13 guys and wanted to stop by Surrender for the EDC weekend. We figured it would be packed, and also hard to get in due the number of male in our group. I spoke with Terry and he got us the quote immediately over the phone and stick with that number until the end if there wasn't any modifications to the invoice. I spoke with a host from Surrender and was offered a lower price. However, I have heard of my horrific stories with the hosts and promoters of the clubs in general, switching or adding a bottle requirement to the table if the clubs were busy. Sure, Red Carpet was a slightly higher in price, but the service provided and promises kept will save you a lot of headaches in the long run. We got a nice table at Surrender, and the group including the bachelor were extremely satisfied. Will hook up with these guys again at the next big event. Thanks Terry and Jeff. Good job Red Carpet VIP!
5	All I can say is WOW! These guys definitely lived up to the hype. Before we even booked with them, all correspondence was helpful and timely. When I asked a question and they said, "Let me call you back with an answer," we had a response within minutes, not days. These guys really went out of their way to meet every request I made when planning my friend's bachelor party and because of it we had the time of our lives. I also think it is especially impressive that they got us everything we asked for even though we were booking less than two weeks before our 4th of July weekend extravaganza. When you book with these guys you can rest assured that you are dealing with a team that is professional and the best at what they do. They WILL go the extra mile for you and you WILL have a better time than you ever thought possible.
5	Gotta say this company is the most trustworthy VIP service in Vegas.  From the moment I called them, Jeff M. gave me great customer service with no BS and great suggestions and tips.  I consider myself a Vegas Veteran and I could tell that these guys know their stuff and did not try to rip us off.  I would not normally need these services, but rolling in town with a bachelor party of 15+ guys, you are going to need help.There is nothing worse pulling up to a Vegas club with your group of guys and being turned down unless you buy a $3000 table.  That's where Red Carpet comes in, they were able to get my whole group of guys into Marquee on the busiest night of the week without any problems and at the fraction of the price of a table the bouncers will try to sell you.  Jeff was there the whole time and walked us into the club with no questions asked, gotta say that was a great feeling.Besides getting you into clubs, these guys just give great all around service.  Jeff was able to set up a last minute party bus to a strip club on a Friday night for free, took care of the ride and cover to the strip club.  They also had a great table and section reserved for us inside.  If you want straight answers without the BS of promoters and bait & switch, call Red Carpet.  I would Recommend Jeff... he made himself available through the weekend and made sure everything was handled and on time.  He really made my group feel like VIP's in Vegas, without having to spend the VIP money lol.
1	I came across this company from the ads on my gmail account. Since my best friends and I will be in Vegas at the end of Aug, I figured I'd contact this company to see about VIP entry. We already have bottle service at a club and cabana set up at a pool party while in Vegas so didn't need assistance with that. I figured it'd be nice to be walked in a club or two we were interested in going to without waiting in line.I filled out my info on the site to get a call back on VIP Entry. The next day I received a email from Greg asking me to answer about 5 questions to see what we were looking for etc. At the end of the email it also said that I could call or text to schedule a time to speak. Because it was a busy day at  work&I couldn't get away from my desk, I filled out the questions and texted Greg and asked him when a good time to talk would be. This was 5 days ago...with no word from him or anybody else at the company. I guess what Elizabeth D. said was right! They don't want to be bothered with us common folk, who don't want to spend THOUSANDS on bottle service. LOL! That's fine though :) There are other companies who will gladly help us with what we requested. It's Red Carpet VIP's loss, not ours :)
5	Update: I received a call from Chris,the owner of Red Carpet VIP and he was very professional. He apologized for the delay that occurred and offered me and my best friends VIP entry one night while we are in Vegas. I really appreciate him reaching out because as we all know, most businesses could careless what's said on Yelp...or they reach out to you and cop a attitude lol. ANYWHO,based on Chris reaching out to me and how he treated the situation, I definitely plan on using Red Carpet VIP next time in Vegas for bottle service instead of going through a promoter. Thanks again Chris!
5	I recently took a girl's trip to Vegas for a big (ahem a lady does not reveal her age) trip.  We wanted to have a special night out and pretend we were still of the appropriate age to go clubbing in Vegas!  We'd heard about a lot of different clubs, but did not know which one met our needs and since we're newbies on the Vegas Club scene, we needed help!One quick email with VIP gave us detailed information about the types of clubs we could get into, which ones might work the best for our group, and what the process and price was for VIP for each one.We chose Tryst, and chose a bit of an earlier entry time.  We also opted not to get table service, but after spending time in the club, I actually would recommend table service to those seeking a great club night out. We sort of felt like wallflowers for a bit, not really having a place to settle after sweating it on the dance floor for a while.Gary was our host and he was wonderful.  He left a voicemail earlier in the day confirming our meet up place and time, and also sent a follow up text message.  We communicated easily via text just before our meet up time and he was ready and waiting when we arrived.  Entry was smooth, Gary was professional, and made us feel like celebrities when he whisked us past the long lines and right in to the club.I highly recommend Red Carpet VIP and thank them for making me feel hip and fabulous for my big birthday week in Vegas.  You guys are the best!
5	Red Carpet VIP is a MUST if you plan on partying in Vegas.  They are a professional operation, not some shady promoter you meet on the street.Here's how it works:You get in contact with one of their sales staff and they help you plan your nights (or days) out.  We gave them a budget and told them what type of music we liked and they gve us their recommendations.Let me tell you, they know what they are talking about.  They don't just sell you the most expensive table, they give you the most value for your money.  For example, we had 10 girls but they recommended we get a table for 7 at Tryst since the larger table was exponentially more expensive.  The location was perfect (and if you want, they will tell you exactly where you are sitting beforehand) and it worked out perfectly.Once you finalize your parties, you pay through a system where they assign an amount to each person so that you don't need to charge it on one card.  This is a huge convenience especially because when you get to the club/party, you don't even need to bring money since everything is taken care of.On the day of your party, a staff member will contact you via phone to arrange where to meet.  We never had a problem meeting our rep for the day and here is where the fun part comes in.You meet your rep and then you get to cut ALL the lines.  We stayed at the Wynn but we STILL used this service because the lines to the clubs are out of control.  Who wants to wait in line and THEN try and get a bottle.  Not only that, by buying your table in advance, you are guaranteed a table while had we tried to buy it that night, everything had already been sold out.  This applied to all the parties we went to.Although I joke about the pretense of buying bottles, a lot of the times it is more cost effective because the number of people you are with and the amount you would pay for cover and drinks.  Add on the fact that you can cut the lines, this service is priceless.If they had this in NY, I would totally use it all the time.  Don't even look at it as a splurge, it is an absolute necessity!  I am definitely using them the next time I'm in Vegas and recommending them to anyone else that goes!
5	I'm the maid of honor in my friend's wedding and our plans changed last minute for her bachelorette weekend.  What was originally a weekend in NY with 5 ladies shopping and seeing a broadway show turned into just the two of us in LA Friday to Monday.  I decided to surprise the bride with a whirlwind trip to Vegas - one night only, anything goes.  I had no time to plan but wanted to deliver the best bachelorette experience for my friend.  I didn't think I could pull it off but I reached out to Chris and he totally took care of us.Everything went exactly as planned and my friend definitely felt like she had VIP bachelorette treatment at XS.  Gary walked us in and we both agreed that we had never seen it so crazy busy, not even on a holiday weekend.  Despite the longest line and the most chaos I've ever seen outside a Vegas club, we were able to walk in quickly and smoothly feeling like rockstars, and we ended up having the GREATEST night!Big thanks to Chirs and his team for helping me pull off an amazing last minute bachelorette weekend in Vegas.  I've already referred a friend who used Red Carpet VIP this week and came back raving about the outstanding service and attention she received.I will be using Red Carpet VIP every time I go to Vegas from now on!!!
1	Sounded promising. Good luck getting someone to get back to you. Why have email as a form of contact if you are not going to reply to email requests? It's been over a week and still haven't heard anything. Might as well just work directly with night/day club VIP hosts.
3	I ended up hearing from a representative from Red Carpet who tried to make things right. I appreciate the customer service and them trying to fix a problem, especially since most people in customer service these days are awful and could care less. Our trip at this point was pretty much planned (since we leave in 2 days) so we couldn't take advantage but I will definitely give them an opportunity in the future since we typically are in Vegas 3 times a year.
5	Planning my friend's bachelorette party for 20 girls in Vegas over Labor Day Weekend was totally overwhelming and really discouraging as I was getting price quotes from clubs and pool parties that weekend. I was getting scared that we'd have a really hard time getting in anywhere without it being a huge buzz kill or spending a small fortune. The small groups coordinator at The Cosmopolitan suggested I call Terrance aka Big T at Red Carpet VIP and I'll admit - I was totally skeptical. I figured it wouldn't be legit and end up just costing me more than planning everything myself - WRONG! I plan events for a living, and there's absolutely NO WAY I could have pulled off this bachelorette party without Big T and Red Carpet VIP. From my first phone call he was professional, asked questions to figure out what type of group we were and was EXTREMELY patient answering ALL my questions and concerns (thanks, Terry!). He was totally honest about lines, clubs and costs without constantly trying to up-sell me on things my girls didn't need. For example, instead of pushing us girls to get a table at Marquee he pointed me in the direction or super pre-sale tix that were PERFECT. BUT, the best part of Red Carpet VIP was how we got hooked up at Encore Beach Club - the hottest pool party on one of the hottest weekends of the year! There was NO way we could have afforded to party the way with did if we hadn't have used Red Carpet VIP. A) We couldn't have afforded it and there's no way we could have got that many girls in for ONE daybed. Plus, just getting to walk right past the HUGE line was the anti-buzz kill!After we booked our daybed I was still nervous - I knew we'd be okay at the pool party, but I figured we'd have just a decent daybed in the back. Well, I was wrong. Everything Big T told me they'd do - they did and did it above and way beyond. The morning of the pool party we got a call from Kevin, our host, who met me and 20 girls in the cab line at Encore, walked us past the huge line, got us through security without any issues, and straight to our AMAZING daybed steps from the water and across from the DJ booth where Kaskad played! It was like a dream. I was thrilled and our bride-to-be felt like a QUEEN. Kevin made sure all the girls were pumped up, introduced me to our waitress and EVERYTHING was taken care of. I didn't need to hassle with payment, credit cards or anything - it was all done so I could actually relax and party! It was just like they'd told me, but I didn't believe it until I saw it. 20 girls walked away from that weekend saying it was the Best of Their Lives! I highly recommend you give Red Carpet VIP a call when you're planning your next trip to Vegas. It's worth EVERY penny.
5	I'm not much of a reviewer - but my brain won't quit telling me how amazing my vegas trip was because of Red Carpet VIP.While it did take a bit of back and forth to finally synch up with someone, once I did finally get to talk details everything from there on out was smooth sailing!  I also was a little hesitant to write a review because I'm kind of afraid that the secret will get out and I may not get as stellar service with all the others fighting for it!  But I can't ignore quick, effective and attentive client service!
5	Red Carpet VIP made our annual Vegas birthday trip for my boyfriend totally perfect-We do this trip every year and have used other hosting companies before but  Red Carpet brought a better level of excellence than the other companies out there! Terry and Kelvie took me through the planning stage and accommodated my many questions and concerns promptly. They gave me a ton of confidence in what to expect. Ive been to Vegas times before, in groups of girls, mixed groups, etc, so I know my way around and I could tell they knew exactly what they were talking about. Sure, with a group of girls you'll get in free and you could have a great time-but if there are guys in your group, esp. a birthday boy! this is the only way to go!  One of the best features of RC VIP is that they provide you with actual seating charts of the clubs and pool parties, you know EXACTLY where you're gonna be and whats included, no fine print or extra costs. Not gonna lie, we dropped some money on this epic four day trip, but if you have a large group and split up costs it is SO do-able. As they advertise, you can truly leave your money at home, bring your ID and party hard! Our group varied in size from 11 to 17 guys/girls over 4 days of activities, limos, strip club, two pool parties, hosted entry to HAZE, and an epic bottle service with the BEST table in the house at XS-all without an issue on one of the busiest Vegas weekend ( I heart music festival was the same weekend) . Greg, our host for BARE on Friday got to the pool an hour before us to make sure our cabana was perfect. Rich, our host for XS, called me early in the day and I had our bottles picked out by phone before we even arrived at the club-I pre funked totally excited knowing what was to come! He even found me a specific flavor of Ciroc I wanted! He was also our host for Encore Beach on Sunday, and went out of his way to find us an extra umbrella to send over to our daybed-awesome. Terry checked in with me via text throughout the weekend as well. This is the kind of excellence Red Carpet VIP delivers! When planning a large group weekend, esp with guys, you always worry someone with be stuck paying crazy cover, there is no flexability, and you never know what your really gonna get. BUT with Red Carpet VIP its smooth sailing so even the host ( myself!) can have an amazing time without the stress! My special thanks to Terry, Kelvie, Greg, Mikie, and Rich, our VIP hosts, you guys went above and beyond. Excellent Customer Service, BOOK IT! you wont regret it.See you guys next year, I'll never do it any other way!
5	I recently used this service for my buddy's 30th birthday and I must say that they showed us so much love to whole time while we were out there.  They come highly recommended my me.  I will always use their services everytime I visit Las Vegas.
5	I filled in the online form on their website and got email responses in less than 24 hrs. I didn't reply their email because my girlfriend took the reins on planning the trip and turns out she contacted them too!They got back to her in less than 24 hours as well. We had a group of  6 girls and 5 guys. Ended up with their hosted entry to XS for Axwell and it was easy peasy! They are way cheaper than getting the VIP tickets through XS directly AND guaranteed no line!When I called XS, VIP tickets of $165 each could still mean waiting in the VIP line. With Red Carpet VIP, they walked us right past all the lines. Payments were easy, all online and takes less than 5 mins. Arranging the details were stress free, all done via Email. Were told to call them once we were at XS, which we did and in less than 5 mins someone met up w our group and guided us in. We loved having to avoid all the lines and not having to spend a minimum of $3000 for a table service, which dint make sense since none of us are heavy drinkers.had an amazing stress free night all coz of Red Carpet VIP! PS: my cousin called them the very next day to arrange another hosted entry to Deadmaus in XS and they were able to accommodate her on such short notice (She didnt call them till 5 pm).PPS: there are lotsa non legit "companies" that try to arrange hosted entries so be careful. Red Carpet VIP is definitely legit.
5	My first trip to Vegas for my younger cousin's 21st birthday was AMAZING. My oldest cousin was the one to kind of plan everything out but Red Carpet VIP was what made it all happen! Our host Jeremy was great, personable but professional and he mixed with our crowd well.Our first stop of the weekend was Ghostbar at the Palms then Tao later that night and then the next night we were off to The Foundation Room at Mandalay Bay and then XS (which ended up being my FAVORITE!)Our maximum wait time for one was probably... 10-20 minutes? Nothing compared to the long line of people we passed on our way in...! Everything seemed well planned, we didn't feel like we were waiting on bouncers or managers or whoever to help us get into the club, everything just kind of flowed and we didn't have to worry about not getting in or wasting time in huge lines.i would definitely contact them again for round DEUX
5	Red Carpet & Vegas Terry run it.No lines, no wait & no hassle - just a great time, everytime.
5	I stopped at 5 stars only because Yelp made me - I'd give Red Carpet VIP 10 if I could!We used Red Carpet VIP for a co-ed bachelor/bacherlorette nightclub experience for 15 people during one of Vegas' hottest weekends - NYE. During the planning process, Annie and Terry were extremely responsive and offered recommendations based on my expressed preferences. Terry even called me from a calling card while he was out of the country to offer suggestions and move the process along quickly. Terry also honestly outlined (without annoying up-selling) how our experience would differ between hosted entry only vs. a table/bottle service.On the night of our event, I got a call from Aaron (my host who was fantastic - very attentive and professional) around 7pm as planned. He confirmed all of our plans and then I got my next call from the limo driver 15 mins before he arrived in the biggest party limo in PHollywood's drive (it was awesome). We made our way to Ghostbar, Playboy, and then the grande finale MOON with no lines, no waiting, and no problems at all. We were escorted to THE BEST table in the house (on the dance floor next to the DJ).  Our table was so good that 30mins later when Snookie(!) arrived, her party was set up right next to ours!The girls stayed and partied like it was 1999 until 4am.  The guys left a few hours earlier to head to Sapphire Gentlemen's club. Annie communicated with me (and the guys) via text all the way until into the wee hours of the night. I am a Type A planner who does not easily relinquish control and based on my recent experience, I wouldn't even think about planning something in Vegas again without calling them first.  Thank you Red Carpet VIP for helping to orchestrate one of the best party night's ever!
5	Five stars for excellent service and client service. I spoke with Jeff back in November to set up a table for New Years Eve at Club HAZE in Aria since LMFAO was performing there. I asked him 100's of questions and he was honest and was never impatient with all the questions I was asking. I even sent e-mails to other individual host and it took them a few weeks before they even got back to me. It took Red Carpet VIP probably 24 hrs or so to get back to me. Even the host at the clubs took a while or didn't' get back to me when I was asking questions. I'll be using them again when I return to get bottle service at any club or to avoid the lines and get in.
1	good luck getting in contact with anyone..took them a week to email me back after filling out an online form. I also replied to the email and called the number listed on it and no answer or reply till a few weeks later..I keep being told they are going to follow up with me and still NOTHING!
4	I had to give them 4 stars for reaching out and trying to fix the problem .. haven't got use this service yet but they are very helpful and took the time to research clubs and prices that fit our budget
5	As the maid of honor, I had to make all of the arrangements in Vegas for my sister's bachelorette. Obviously, there's a plethora of promoters and sites to choose from online and it almost made me lose my mind, but Steve from Red Carpet VIP was the first and ONLY one to actually call me to introduce himself. He gave me ridiculous prices and most of the other promoters couldn't even get me into Marquee or XS on Friday or Saturday- they actually told me that these clubs didn't have weekend guestlists available..! Steve and Kelvie made all of the arrangements, gave me personal service, and prevented me from hyperventilating. They made it almost TOO easy. My host, Annie, was also terrific. There were no lines, no wait, no fuss.This weekend was one of the best I've ever had in Vegas and I will always recommend them to anyone and everyone who is planning a trip over there! A Perfect 10 in my book.
5	Awesome experience with Red Carpet VIP!  Big shout to the entire staff... especially Joe Sweet, Kelvie, Steve W. and our VIP HOST Gabe for being so responsive to every email and phone call.  If you are planning any type of party, I highly recommend you use their services!  Thanks again for a great experience!
5	Never fails. I hate to wait and I never have to wait in lines with Red Carpet VIP. Process is easy, service great and vip host are nice/cool people. Give it try for clubs like XS and Marquee.
1	The experience started out pretty good.  Jeff called me and personally went over options for a bachelorette party.  He told me to contact him anytime with questions.  Well, I have now contacted him at least three times with questions.  Crickets.  The last time, I said "okay we are ready to book", and yet still NO response.  Why? I don't understand it.  Are they actually turning down an opportunity to make money? We are looking to spend more than $2,000 for the night, so it seems like I would be worth the time to make a phone call or just respond to an email.  I am really surprised at all these good reviews.  Perhaps their service is good when they bother to give you the basic amount of customer service.UPDATE:  While Jeff did contact me after this review and explained that he gets hundreds of emails a day, I decided not to use Red Carpet after all.  It just seems like bad business to me.  He sent me an email that he said he had sent nearly a month before.  I never received it, not even in my spam folder.  So, it's a possibility that they just have a terrible email server that drops emails.  If you have hundreds of emails a day, it sounds to me like this is a problem for your business.
5	Red Carpet VIP will be the only way I book a room for Vegas! Lisa helped me set up my two Bedroom suite @ PH Towers West Gate and it was OFF THE HOOK!! 7 of us has plenty of room in this huge suite!...the guys absolutely loved the suite! Great customer service, very prompt in returning my emails and calls NO COMPLAINTS HERE!!...AND WILL USE THEM AGAIN, AND AGAIN, AND AGAIN!...
5	From now on, whenever I'm in Vegas I am definitely letting Jeremy K./Red Carpet VIP handle it all!  Thanks to Jeremy, my friends and I had the ultimate time in Vegas.  We were a large group of 25 people and it was difficult getting everyone to decide on a club for VIP bottle service.  Jeremy gave us all the 411 on the clubs and recommended Club Chateau, since we wanted a club that played more hip-hop.  Jeremy hooked it up!!  That Saturday when we arrived at our hotel, we asked Jeremy to set us up with a limo to take us to the club that night.  Later that afternoon, Jeremy calls us to say he wasn't able to find a limo, so instead he got us a party bus, AND FOR THE SAME PRICE!!  If it would have been any of those other VIP companies, who don't give a crap about their customers, they would have just said "we couldn't find you a limo, here is your money back".  But NO, Jeremy went way beyond that to make sure we had a memorable experience!  When we arrived at the club we were treated like VIPs from the start.  We didn't have to wait in line and we were taken straight to our VIP tables, which by the way were the best tables in the club!  That night was the highlight of our trip! The next night we planned on going to a strip club.  Jeremy again made all the arrangements and had two limos (one for the guys and one for the girls) ready to pick us up and go our separate ways.  When we arrived at the strip club, we didn't wait in line and our table was all set up for us.  I am so glad I contacted Red Carpet VIP!  I would hear these horrible stories from people about their experiences with other VIP companies.  They would get scammed with fake VIP bracelets, VIP hosts that leave them waiting in line, or getting a VIP table in the worse area of the club.  Red Carpet VIP is legit!  They surpassed my expectations and showed me the real VIP experience in Vegas!  THANK YOU JEREMY!!!
5	Saved my first post for something truly awesome.What an experience. Prior to working with Red Carpet VIP, I was used to the long lines and the waits that come with being with a bunch of dudes. I was tired of the hastle and the, "greasing" of bouncers just to get to the front of lines. I wanted change.While looking up places in Vegas, I happened to stumble upon Red Carpet VIP and read the reviews of what could be offered. I was a bit hesitant to contact them, but let me tell you, it was great that I did. I worked with Jeff mainly, and not only was he up front about the costs of everything, he was prompt and actually showed that he cared if we had a good time or not. Long story short, 14 dudes and 2 girls. With those odds, there's practically no way of getting in anywhere, even if you buy pre-sale tickets. Jeff, along with our host Andre, gets us in with relative ease to the clubs of our choice (XS and Marquee) for that weekend. We seriously were treated with beast mode status while paying way less than if we were to buy pre-sales, wait in line, etc.Not a lot of things on Yelp deserve 5 stars, but this is definitely one of them. Red Carpet VIP will forever be my main contact when it comes to doing Vegas.
5	I hired Red Carpet to help me plan my birthday party. The event was a total success! We got a 30 person party bus which arrived on time. My host John, was prompt and attentive to all of our needs. He met my large group at the door of the hotel and we got escorted to the front of the line with no hassles. We were brought to our table and had wonderful service.  I had a large group of more than 25 people and John handled all the chaos with professionalism and extreme patience. I can't elaborate enough on how good of a time we all had. I will continue to use your services whenever I go out in Las Vegas. Thanks again for everything!
5	If there was a 6th star I would add it.  We never thought of using a VIP service until last week, we were there for my daughters 21st so we gave it a shot.  Justin got us table service w/bottle, beer an a "witch doctor" at VooDoo, then Robert got us rooms at PH for less than Flamingo.  Their service is perfect.  They kept in touch, phone, text and email, Justin met us at the door and brought us up to our table where everything was set up, introduced our server made sure we were comfortable and let us know if we needed anything else during the stay to let him know.  We are looking forward to working with them again in Oct.
5	Great service and communication. Jeff was great, giving me multiple options depending on my budget. No pushy sales tactics and very honest. Kept in constant contact via email/phone/text. Even made modifications to the arrangement when someone in our party backed out. The night of the event, Kevin our host was great. Met up with us and walked us right in, even introduced me to the manager at Marquee. Even though we did not spend a lot or get a table, they treated us great. I would definitely use Red Carpet VIP again. For the guys, if there's a big group, no need to go wait in line. Just have Red Carpet VIP get you in.
1	Our experience with Red Carpet VIP started out great - ended with a bad taste in our mouth. We had a package for a limo pick up from Sugar Factory @ 8, at which point we were supposed to go on a 1 hr cruise down the strip, ( a couple bottles of champagne and mixers was supposed to be on the limo - and was not) after the 1 hr cruise, we were to be dropped off at the Voodoo lounge at 9. The limo driver gratuity was supposed to be included, but when the driver had me sign the contract, NO GRATUITY WAS INCLUDED so I had to tip him!!  We were dropped off at Voodoo at 8:15, no cruise down the strip at all - Voodoo didn't even open until 9 so we had to wait around. We were supposed to be "on the list" but when we got to the door - we were nowhere to be found. Luckily there were 12 of us girls and we were there early enough that they let us in with no cover. The limo picked us up again to take us to PURE. Again, no gratuity so we had to tip the driver yet again. When we got to Pure our VIP host had contacted us and he was walking some other groups in and he would text me and we would meet him and he would escort us into the club. (Luckily I had met some guys at Voodoo lounge who had the hook up at PURE and got our name on the list - just in case since we weren't on the voodoo list) The VIP guy took so long we got in on our own - we didn't really need their services at all - because we had limos all weekend for way cheaper than the company they booked and probably would have got away without the covers anyway. complete rip off. Never again.
5	Had my bachelor party out in Vegas over Cinco de Mayo weekend. I've finally recovered and can write a review. Vegas Jeff at Red Carpet VIP took great care of us all weekend long. From limo transportation to Moon nightclub on Saturday and to Spierment Rhino after the club and limo back to the hotel it was first class the whole way. Our group of 15 guys walked right past the line with our host for the night Hiram. We got to go check out Ghost bar first then head over to Moon again no line and right to our VIP table right next to the dance floor and dj booth. On Saturday we tried doing Rehab last minute on our own. Big mistake! No way of getting in. Lines were a mile long. Jeff tried his best but the place was sold out. We ended up just heading to the Palms pool and relaxing for the day. I called Jeff to plan something for the 6 guys I had left that had some gas left in the tank to party for Sunday night and Jeff hooked it up again at Vanity Nightclub limo, bottle service, awesome table and again right past the huge line. Big thanks to Andrew our host that night. Had a great night partying and didn't leave the Hard Rock until the sun was up but the party had to end and it was back to hotel and straight to the airport :( I probably called Jeff a million times while there and he never seemed bothered by me. I will not do Vegas any other way!
5	Jeremy is the best!!! My VIP service was impeccable. My limo arrived on time and was amazing!! Our bottle service and table was ready when we arrived and we received great service!! Thanks Jeremy!! =)
5	Let me just say I have been to Vegas many times and I have used VIP services and have never had such a good experience from beginning to end until I used Red Carpet VIP. Not only did Jeff ensure our night was covered he offered to get us access to other celebrity parties that weekend. He explained in detail what the services covered and even called me the day after to make sure the night met our expectations. If you ever plan on using a VIP service for access into  the hottest clubs and or pool parties, use this company they will DELIVER!!! Thanks JeffAngel memorial day weekend
5	25 DUDES!!! XS...Limo from hotel to club, no lines, no wait, straight to table with dranks. What more can you ask for??!! Craig and his team did it. Will definitely use these guys again. Thanks for making my bachelor party a memorable one. I love Vegas even more with these guys around to take care of you.
5	Not sure I can sum up Red Carpet in one word but i'll try: PHENOMENAL!! Every time I go into Vegas I always use Red Carpet VIP - they definitely know how to take care of their clients! I had people skeptical about me putting together a club night and getting us in without waiting in line and I mentioned I use this fantastic service. After seeing the HUGE line at Tao when we were there in July and having Red Carpet whisk up in within less than 5 minutes my friends are definite believers and fans of this company! Jeremy has been the best to work with - to the point that I always refer him to all my friends who go to Vegas!! I hope to use you guys when I come into town for work!! Would love to show some coworkers how great your service is!! Thanks for taking care of me everytime!!
5	This was the first time I used a VIP service in Vegas. I was a little hesitant at first but after reading the reviews I decided to give it a shot. Wow! I will never visit Vegas again without using these guys. We walked right into Surrender night club on a Friday night while the line was literally around the casino. It was sooo worth it! Jeremy and Logan were our point guys and both were great! Thanks again guys. Look forward to the next Vegas trip!!
5	Planned a bachelor party for 10 people, my first time arranging for a group like this & let me just say, it was an AMAZING event. We did the Tao Beach pool party & Vanity at the Hard Rock. They set everything up so perfectly. Corner Day bed at the Tao party was off the hook!!! The payment method is great! The communication was great, could not have had a better time! Thanks to Annie & the rest of the team & see you all again soon!!
5	BEST VIP service in town.   I have lived in Las Vegas for over 20 years and work in the casino industry.  I am extremely impressed with the professional, prompt, and efficient service provided.  I have never been treated so well and had such a great time walking past ALL the other "VIP's" standing in line!  RED CARPET VIP is the ONLY way to go out.  Andreena is beautiful, professional and prompt!  She will make sure you are taken care of.  THANK YOU Red Carpet VIP for an amazing experience at XS inside the Encore, Las Vegas........  P.S. it was a Halloween party of @ 6000 people and we walked RIGHT IN!!!  Awesome!I would 100% recommend them over and over and over!!!!!
5	It was a few weeks before I had to plan a Bachelor Party for my friends going out to Vegas.  Most of them are not clubbers, but what is a Bachelor Party without a night out.  So, we decided to be 'Ballers' (on a budget).  We called up Red Carpet VIP not knowing what to expect, but the reviews are right, there is no pressure, no gimmick, just straight up service.  Sammy took my call, I described him the number in our party (9-10 guys) and he was a wealth of information from there.  He asked questions like, what type of music do you like, do you have a club in mind etc.  He broke down the price (more info below about $$). We decided to go with PURE because we heard it was the place for Hiphop and it was.  The night of the event, one of the VIP hosts calls you and arranges a time for you to meet them close to the club's entrance and you have their number and are in contact with them whenever you want, that goes from Sammy too.  We also got a reservation at N9 steakhouse from Sammy and he told us about how to get into Ghostbar with no-line or cover free of charge.  9 guys into Pure at 1130pm entrance on a Friday night cost us approximately $1500 (bottle of Johnny Black and Sky Vodka).  The way it works is that clubs have 'premium' bottles like top shelf items, and than non-top shelf.  We actually decided to get a 3rd bottle, since our deal with VIP was only for 2 we paid for our 3rd bottle directly from the club.  One bottle of Sky vodka cost $632 (gratuity included).  So yeah the price from VIP is VERY reasonable.  Hiccup:  So two things were hiccups. 1.  PURE contacted Sammy on the day of our reservation and tried to change our reservation wanting for us to buy another bottle or get 2 Premium bottle.  Sammy came through and said he would get us a more expensive package for the same price, eating the difference, THAT is service.2.  Our original seat was in a side room that played techno/house.  Within 10 mins the manger came and escorted our party to the main room next to the DJ.  All I have to say is it was EPIC.  WE didn't have to go to the dance floor and be next to all the sweaty people, we watched the dance floor, danced facing the crowd AND was able to invite any ladies into our VIP table area.  The bouncer supervisor was awesome, coming to introduce himself and saying he would get any girl we wanted into the area and also make them leave if they were unwelcome.  THAT IS SERVICE!This is my first Yelp recommendation, they were THAT good.  Everyone here can't be wrong.  If you have a group of guys, go with VIP to get the party done right, with no hiccups.
5	Couldn't have gone smoother!  My husband and I used this service for New Year's Eve 2013--one of the busiest nights of the year in Vegas.  I was skeptical of whether we needed to pay the extra money to have escorted entry, but it was definitely the best move we made!  With VIP, we were able to quickly bypass the crazy lines at the door. Otherwise, we would have waited hours to get in line and missed a good portion of the open bar.  This service is worth every penny and then some!  Thank you VIP for making our New Year's a night to remember!
5	This is easily a business that deserves more stars than Yelp provides for. I wish I could keep this a secret and feel like I know something others don't but I want to go on record and say that if you are planning a bachelor/bachelorette party in Las Vegas, especially if your group is large, you need to call Red Carpet VIP to arrange your club experience(s). I planned a bachelor party for 14 guys, all from the midwest, most of whom never have been to Las Vegas. A lot of these guys aren't much for clubbing. Having been to LV before, I knew that these guys, even if they didn't like clubs, would love the experience if we got bottle service, an awesome table, and quick entry into the club. Having went to LV a month before, I waited in line at Marquee with my fiancee for 2.5 hours just to get in. I knew there had to be a way to get in quicker as I saw a group walk right past the line and straight in. This is what led me to seek our Red Carpet VIP. Just like you probably are, I was highly skeptic at first thinking if it sounds too good to be true, it is. I did my research and verified that they were BBB verified, did in fact appear on TV and were quoted about LV nightlife, and based on the Yelp reviews, they were legit. I put in an inquiry online and received a call the next day from Jeff. I explained we were 14 guys looking to go to XS for Avicii. Jeff right away said that he could make it happen. Jeff was professional, in a hip "your going to F***in' Vegas" kind of way which made the planning process fun. Jeff did not rush the convo and we talked for a good thirty minutes about all the details of the night and what would be included. We ended up agreeing to limo service to Encore, bottle service at the table which had taxes and tip included, and best of all no waiting in line at all to get in. Red Carpet VIP put together an e-contract and sent it over right away. I had one change request and they updated the contract right away and sent it back. I signed it and gave the names of all the people going. They then sent me a link where everyone in the group can sign on and pay the amount due for the event. This saved me from having to be a bone collector getting my money back from people and instead let people pay for the even when they wanted to and on their own terms. Our limo driver was on time, our Red Carpet VIP host met us where we had agreed upon exactly at the time agreed  upon and took us right in, passed tons of people asking who are those guys. We got to our table, ordered our bottles, and the rest is history!If you are having any doubts about Red Carpet VIP, don't. These guys are legit, honest, and care about their image. If you are thinking about going clubbing in Vegas or having a large event, give them a call. I promise you wont regret. The people who say they had trouble communicating, just understand that you can shoot them a text and they will get back to you.
5	Terry from RCVIP was a true gentleman and very professional to work with. he set up my Brother's Bachelor Party in October, 2012. The Hostess for our big night was great and we had no issue with the table or entry to Marquee . I would absolutely use them again the next time I am partying in Vegas!
5	Big T organised my last trip to Vegas and the experience was brilliant. Great communication at all times, happy to assist whenever and great value. The bottom line is, if you're going to Vegas and you want to party properly, you speak to Big T and his team! p.s. I'll be back in November!!
5	By far BEST VIP service I've used in Vegas (have used 5-6 different ones).   We were able to pick the exact table we wanted in the club.  They allowed us to split all the costs per person for bachelor party (makes it alot easier than one person paying $15k).  Also, was the fastest at getting into the club, went from club entrance to table in about a minute.  They were very helpful throughout the process in terms of adjusting plans and head counts for each event, etc.  And they are extremely prompt at responding to all emails/texts.  Will definitely use them in future and recommend to all my friends.
5	I was very hesitant about using Red Carpet VIP on my trip to Vegas but now that I'm back home I can honestly say that it was the best idea ever. They work with all night clubs, pool parties and strip clubs and they offer the best value for what you're looking for. I worked with Jeremy every step of the way. He planned the trip weeks in advance and he continued to keep in contact during my stay in Vegas. He got us a free ride and admission to Sapphire's on our first night. Then got us through the line and into XS while David Guetta and Afrojack battled one another. Finally on our last night we got the VIP treatment at Surrender for 4 guys and spent $1250 and NOTHING MORE. Everything was already included: 2 huge bottles, pool side table, free mixers and the night of my life. If you want to do Vegas the right way and have some money to spend, I highly recommend talking to Jeremy, he'll find the best deal for whatever budget you may have, the man even works while on vacation! Thanks again Red Carpet VIP, see you guys soon!
5	This was my second experience with Red Carpet VIP. What can I say, they are the best! This time we had a bachelor party with 10 guys and they organized the entire weekend for us based on our preferences for clubs, etc. Mind you it was also the second busiest weekend of the year (Labor day) and they got us into every club as promised without a hitch. I cannot say enough about how using this service changes your entire Vegas experience. I have been to Vegas about 30 times now and these last two times that I used this service were by far the best. I have referred friends to this company and all have been very happy. Jeremy, you are the man! Thanks again buddy.
1	WHAT A RIPP OFF!!!  PAID 2X'S AS MUCH!!! BUY DIRECTLY FROM CLUBS.  Went out to Vegas for your typical bachelor party.  Called these guys up in advance and booked a Saturday night at Tryst through them.  We had paid in full before we arrived in Vegas.  They had charged us $1500 for two bottles told us that we would have to wait in line and that the club couldnt bump us from the table after we finished the bottles.  We arrived at the club, no limo provided.  They walked us in (no line to get in) and we did get seated.  so far it was good.  However when we wanted to order another bottle we got the menu from our waitress to find out that the bottles we paid $1500 for only cost $395 a peice (with out gratuity) so $475 with gratuity or $950 total.  when i confronted the guy who walked us in he said that he didnt make the original arrangements with us.  I asked for his managers number and he refused to give it to me.  I told him that i didn't want a refund or another bottle, that a round of shots would of sufficed.  He took my number down and said he would have to check with his manager.  well go figure i never heard back form them.  So what exactly did we pay them $550 to do?  we at least should of had a limo pick us up from our hotel.  I understand every company is in business to make money, but i dont like getting ripped off.  I could of called the club myself gotten 3 bottles for the same price and walked in and bypassed the non existing line.  Call the club you want to visit yourself and find out the prices before using a 3rd party service.  What pisses me off the most is that when i called them out on it and asked just for a round of shots for 4 people, they wouldnt even do that.  stay away
5	(UPDATE)  A manager of the company contacted me on my issues.  Measures were taken that in my eyes puts this company well ahead of others!  Their #1 aim is that you recieve a 5 star experience, and that was accomplished!  It was a learning experience for me, but I will look to work with these guys again.I will keep this short and sweet.  Me + 1 went to Vegas for 6 days... Used Red Carpet VIP everyday.  Yes this was NYE Week(end), so the madness is expected, hence utilizing this service.  Every night it was suggested to show up like an hour after the club opened (10-11), which sucks in my opinion and def not what I thought I was paying for, so I chose to make my own time (1120-1150) since this is a "no line, no hassle" service.  We just purchased VIP hosted entry, no bottles.  We waited in line every night there was a line.  The wait may have been for 5-10 mins opposed to hours, but this company boasts their "no line no hassle" policy.  Unless your buying bottles, don't use this service.  Just go early and save some money.  If you think you are going to just waltz right on in the club like some movie star, that is not the case.  Women - You are better off getting on twitter and contacting one of the clubs promoters to get you on the guest-list for free.  Men - Buy a bottle or go early.   If I had to do it all over again, I would just pay the club and go early.  That would have saved me about $550.Sorry about my ADD driven review, I lost my meds in Vegas...
5	I had my bachelor party in Vegas with six friends and decided to give Red Carpet VIP a try. I had never used hosts before and was wondering how good their service would be.. and wow was I impressed: Flawless is how I would describe it. Everything they promised happened. Booked the hotel with Gary and got amazing deals. Had to change rooms because of friends canceling and Gary helped me re-book. We had the best views at the Wynn. Jeff helped me with booking a VIP table at XS. The Red Carpet Host Rick was there to greet us, walked us in (really NO line) and escorted us to our private VIP booth where we were served all night. Rick came back to check on us later to ensure all was going well. All the other comped services were also just like we were told. I would definitely use Red Carpet VIP again even if just for a simple visit to Vegas. Their service is awesome, reliable and highly professional. They respond to emails usually within a few hours (and I sent A LOT of questions). They work with you to ensure your experience in Vegas is everything you dreamed of and even more! I strongly recommend them!
5	They are very professional and reliable, and great customer service as well. They deliver on what they promise, which is not easy to find in this industry. Special thanks to Jeff Martin for taking care of us.
5	I LOVE RED CARPET VIP!!! And highly recommend them, especially our VIP host J-Mar! I never write reviews for yelp, but I cannot say enough great things about this company's professionalism, responsiveness, and trustworthiness! So a five-star review is warranted!I went to Las Vegas for my sister's bachelorette party with 11 girls during Cinco de Mayo / Mayweather vs Maida fight weekend. You can only imagine how crazy crowded and expensive everything in Las Vegas can be! We wanted to do a day club at Wet Republic and table service at Light, some of the most in-demand clubs in Las Vegas. I wanted us to have a VIP experience by skipping long lines, the best daybed / tables at these clubs and hassle-free time with my group at a fair price. Red Carpet VIP did not disappoint! J-Mar was there to greet us at the door as soon as our limo pulled up to the venue. He walked us past all the long lines into the day club. No waiting! I loved every second of it. He also hooked us up with one of the best daybeds that was central to the pool overlooking directly at the stage where Afrojack performed!  Blew my mind! He and his colleague Derek made sure our party was taken care of the whole time. I've price compared the services of this group with other VIP hosts and will say that their pricing is stable. I got quotes from other companies and their prices and fluctuated tremendously. Made me feel like I was getting jipped! Red Carpet VIP sent me quotes 2 months before our event, and the pricing was still the same when I booked with them the week of the event. I never felt pressured at anytime to use their service, but willingly gave them my business because they were not pushy, were trustworthy and professional in the way they conducted business. I only needed to provide a $50 deposit to secure the reservation! (Other companies were requiring a $200-$500 deposit. That is ridiculous and made me uncomfortable.) Red Carpet even forwarded me a payment link where all the girls could pre-pay their portion of the dues with their credit cards / debit cards. It shows you realtime status of all the payments received. I love this service because I didn't have to collect cash to close out the tab after a day of drinking. Not to mention, the cost was well controlled and transparent to all the people in my party because all gratuity, taxes, and service fees were already included in the price they quoted me. The electronic contracts and invoice they sent me to sign was super high-tech and easy to do. Another testament to their level of service!I plan to return to Las Vegas and will definitely use them again! Without any hesitation!
5	Jeff Martin has been helping me thus far for my Memorial Day Trip to Vegas. As someone whose been to Vegas more than a few times, I know how annoying dealing with clubs can be. Jeff has helped with everything from club recommendations, to recommending specific table locations. Thanks Jeff! I'll update once I actually experience the service first hand.
5	Review for VIP Vegas for table/bottle service at XS Friday Night (Avicii) for 22 people (12 guys, 10 girls, 6/6/14) and limo ride over.Pros: The limo ride over was EPIC. For around $5 a person we had this GIANT white stretch hummer limo for our party of 22 and it was perfect! We were all able to arrive together to the club- and party on the way there (we brought roadies)! The Table(s)/space we got were PERFECT for our large group.VIP Vegas hooked us up with 4 small tables all together in one line- they sent us a picture of the table before, and a copy of the layout to ensure we were happy with the choice a month before. The other highlight had to be the AMAZINGLY easy pay in advance online system. It was SUPER convenient to send the link out to the group, see who had and had not paid. It was SO nice not having to worry about money at all while at the club. As promised, we had an escort (Brian) meet us outside the club, walk us in the club, and all the way to the table- which was great for Vegas newbies like us.Cons: None that VIP Vegas could control! Limo driver was a little late (10minutes) but texted us letting us know--- and due to the massive crowd in front of the club area it was a little confusing / hard to find Brian (our contact) right when we got there. The meeting place could have been made a little bit clearer. But nothinnnning worth deducting a star for!Overall: Highly recommend, definitely will use them again, great for large groups!
5	Worked with Sam at VIP for weeks before our trip. He answered every question I had and offered excellent advice!! I cannot say enough about how professional this guy was. We ended going with Bottle service @ Tryst for 4 guys. Everything was perfect just as stated. Host contacted me around 9pm and asked me to text him when we got to the Wynn. I did, he met us outside the club, we bypassed the line and went straight in. He took us straight to our table in a great location just off dance floor and introduced us to waitress. Waitress was awesome and provided us any mixers we asked for. I would definitely recommend VIP service to anyone going to Vegas!!
5	I have been using Red Carpet VIP now for over 3 years and they still have not failed me yet.  I am an avid Vegas visitor and I have used Red Carpet to book all my Bottle services from groups of 5 to 35.  I have been happy with every event they have helped me plan.  Jeff Martin has been my Host since the beginning and I would consider him one of the most trustworthy hosts in Vegas.  He just recommended Drai's rooftop Club this past visit and the table location and venue they booked for me was awesome.I choose to use Red Carpet because they are professional, reliable, and very knowledgeable of all clubs in Vegas.  They will work with your budget and you wont be left with any surprises when you get your bill at the end.  All costs and fees are made known upfront.  You might be able to find a cheaper price from a guy off the street, but you never know what you will get or if you'll end up with an actual table.  From Red Carpet, you know what table you'll get, how much the total costs will be, and you'll be taken to the front of the line and to your table without any problems.  Best service hands down, keep up the good work!!
1	Worst company ever!!!  Horrible customer service.  I saw that this company is pretty good reviews on thie site (on yelp) and a great BBB rating so I decided to give it a try. My cousin is celebrating his 30th birthday in Vegas in October I wanted to make it special. So I submitted a request online called and emailed.  No reponse. What kind of company is this if you're business is customer service?  Never use this company if you are expecting a call back! !!!!!!!
5	I've used Red Carpet VIP for several of my trips to Vegas. They are amazing! Lisa, from the Hotel division is incredible, and always able to find me some great hotel deals and offering for my friends and I. We've always had a great time and stay when booking with Lisa. Go to her for all of your hotel needs! She will definitely hook you and your group up!!!
5	I've used Red Carpet VIP for my trip to Vegas. They are amazing! Lisa, from the Hotel division is incredible, she's really efficient and responsive to our request without delay. Go to her for all of your hotel needs! She will definitely hook you and your group up!!!
5	I've used red carpet several times. Lisa B. from the hotels division is awesome! She's on top of her game, helpful, and very professional. She's the reason I keep coming back.
