5	UD is the best ice cream/desert shop in the Valley. It's better than any "staple" ice cream shop I've been too like The Suger Bowl in Phoenix or a national chain i.c. store. I have tried every flavor, I think Key Lime, Peppermint (seasonal), or Lemon Cheesecake are my favorites. But I do have to mention both Chocolate and Vanilla Birthday Cake flavored ice creams as well as Superstition Farm flavor (chocolate, cocoa, hazelnut, & Nutella!)The staff is great, the ice cream better, and they won the Taste Of Gilbert award for the best ice cream shop in Gilbert. But the bottom line? It's better than any shop in AZ. Period.
4	ok, this is my premise. I am a erratic ice cream eater. Not regularly but when I crave it, I search like a woman possessed. Even in Massachusetts in November. And I like independent locations. Cold Stone leaves me cold. So, when I came to Arizona at the end of April something in me tripped off this need and for the next two weeks I looked in vain for such a shop. However, it appeared that the only ice cream around here was gelato. I figured it was a regional craze and stubbornly refused to settle and try it instead. FYI, I have since and am glad I did so. But I digress. After we found a place to live and I was doing my daily round of exploring I found this place. I love it. I love it. I love it. The look, the atmosphere, the small dollar cups you can take home and eat individually without the 10 minutes of wrist-wrenching pain I get trying to scoop out Ben & Jerry's. The reasonable prices, the wide selections of delicious flavors, the coupons. Ok, when I'm there, I'm like a kid in a candy shop ... but it's an ice cream store. Even better. Now if they could just stay open past 9 ... weekends at least? Please ???
2	I have to start by saying I give an "A" for effort in being an independent business. BUT and there' s a big BUT and no it's not mine, the ice cream is not good. I stopped in today after looking all over Hell and having to call for an exact location, which by the way is near an Auto Zone not Discount Tires like I was told. Big sign out front says $1 scoops today! Cool! Inside is a decent looking, average place with all kinds of random things that are sold here. I'm told they make all their own ice cream right in the store with their own recipes along with their own cheeses and butters. They have a lot of flavors, set up like cold stone. Pistachio was an ungodly hue of turquoise that I didn't even want to taste because of the color and normally that is my favorite. I tried three flavors, Key Lime Pie, Blueberry and Chocolate Cake Batter. All three had the same chalky taste and after taste, very unappealing and just plain weird. When I asked about the $1 scoops I was told they were in the self serve freezer and were prepacked scoops. I took a look to find that these were hard as a rock and mentioned how was I supposed to eat something like that?? I was told to let it thaw.....OK when I go in for Ice Cream I kinda want to eat it right away. Whose with me? Anyway I ended up leaving without getting anything. I love to support the locals but not if I can go buy something better at the grocery store or any other chain for that matter. Sorry Udder delights, You left me Utterly Disappointed.
4	It was a dark and stormy night...  the monsoon was brewing and we had just got done with some BBQ.  I had found out about this place through Twitter and planned on getting some after dinner on a Thursday night.We stopped in and were very warmly greeted.  We were given an overview of the ice cream and the flavors and tried the Oreo Mint and  Banana Cream.  Everything is made fresh on the premises, which may be why the ice cream was all a little soft, but you could really taste the freshness.I ended up with a scoop of the oreo mint in a cake cone.  It was very sweet and very minty, unlike many mint ice creams and yogurts.  According to my wife, the mint flavor was TOO strong, and I think I would have to agree.  I like the direction, but it was just a little overwhelming.  My wife had the vanilla and that was just about the best vanilla ice cream I've had in a long time!  My 2 1/2 year old daughter had the vanilla birthday cake; a flavor that reminds me of the Cold Stone cake batter flavor, but here it comes with the candy sprinkles, which is why my daughter picked it in the first place!The single scoop was pretty generous portion.  The biggest thing I have to complain about was our cones.  Both of our cones were kind of stale/chewy instead of the  fresh and crisp that you expect from a wafer/cake cone.Anyway, hopefully they work that out for the next time we visit, because we will most likely be back.
5	Fortunately for anyone who likes good ice cream, high-quality artisan ice cream shops seem to be all the rage right now, apparently to keep pace with the horde of gelato shops popping up everywhere.  (We're in Phoenix; I've never understood why there isn't an ice cream shop every 20 feet!)  But it seems like the shops in Scottsdale, like most things in Scottsdale, care more about trendy marketing than their product.  That's not to say their ice cream is bad (it's not), it just means you have to put up with a little pretentiousness while you enjoy a cone.Udder Delights manages to offer some of the best ice cream you'll find anywhere, while still maintaining a fun, family-friendly atmosphere.  The ice cream is made locally, from local milk produced by local cows at Superstition Farm in Mesa.  When I went a few days ago, I noticed some super-sweet flavors targeted toward kids, like Cotton Candy, Chocolate Birthday Cake, and Bubble Gum.  Grown-up selections included Lemon Raspberry Cheesecake and Mochachino.  And then ... there were a couple flavors reserved for the "Extreme Ice Cream Gourmand," or the clinically insane:  Potato Chip, and Hot Dog.  I was assured that high-quality hot dogs really was one of the ingredients.  Even though I would never order something like that, I love that they offer it, just because it was so unusual!  I ended up with Banana Cream Pie, and I was amazed at how much it tasted like real bananas.It's more expensive than, say, Baskin Robbins, but this is clearly a case of "you get what you pay for."  Premium ice cream has every right to cost a little more.  The location of the store is a little hard to find; it's not visible from the street, and it's in a large strip mall.  But once you've found it, you'll be glad you did.
5	Hooray!  I love this place!  I've been dying to go here ever since I heard about Super Farm.  My favorite thing about this place is the fact that we get local ice cream made from milk at a local farm that is probably the most superior dairy farm on earth.  Just sayin...  Despite the fact that it was really really cold outside, I was determined to get a scoop of ice cream.  I tried the Magic Cookie Bar and it was really delicious.  It was packed full of huge chunks of Magic Cookie Bars and surrounded by lusciously creamy chocolate ice cream.  I totally loved it.  I also tried the peanut butter, wicked good, and the fudge brownie, also very good and pairs well with the pb.  I wish this was closer to home but it's close enough to my parents that I am sure I will get to come back plenty.
5	Big props to Udder Delights for being awesome.  Not only did I get a TON of ice cream for cheap but it was also wicked tasty!  I tried a scoop of peanut butter and a scoop of chocolate fudge.  Both were thick and creamy with giant (giant meaning half a full-sized Reese's PB Cup) chunks in them.  Wowza.The girl behind the counter was chatty and nice.  She put up with my bad jokes and attempts to be witty - which I always appreciate.  Service with a smile from someone who actually looks like they would eat ice cream instead of those damn wanna-be-models who work at Gelato Spot.  My only knock would be the location.  Not only is it in the middle of no where but it is in a strip mall, not facing the street, behind an Autozone.  It is possibly the worst location ever.  At least it wasn't ghetto.If you get lost and find yourself surrounded by nothing but an Autozone and train tracks, stop and grab yourself some ice cream from Udder Delights.
4	Wow , I am impressed with Superstition Farms, Casey  and Udder Delights. How fun to have  such wonderfully flavored ice creams made with fresh off the local  farm's Milk and Cream .  I wasn't going to try the ice cream today  but after being near the shop after a Permaculture event and meeting Casey the owner , I was happy to give it a try . And what a treat it was not only is the place cute as could be with lots of locally made treats as well as ice cream, they also have ricotta cheese, butter, flavored butters, milk, flavored cheeses and more from the Superstition Farm.I had a SINsational scoop of peanut butter rich with flavor , laced with smooth peanut butter  and reeses.  Nice!  My friend had chocolate chocolate  chip and she loved it. Other flavors looked good too and I  hope I can bring back the family. I also purchased Ricotta Cheese and Flavored Chipotle Farmers Cheese.. Look for their products soon at the Downtown Farmers Market.
5	I'm currently enjoying some of the most delicious ice cream I've ever had!That being said, my fiance and I were looking for a place to grab some ice cream, but wanted to avoid the typical chain spots like Cold Stone, Dairy Queen, etc. New to Gilbert area, I Google Searched ice cream places nearby and stumbled upon this place. It's a tiny place in a strip mall, and nothing really out of the ordinary about the ambiance of the place, but the service and tasty selections were excellent. Right off the bat, the woman working behind the counter was super friendly and asked if we had ever been there before. She then let us sample almost every single kind, each one better than the next.My fiance and I both got the waffle cone, which we got two flavors in each. He got the Pralines & Cream and Coffee - he said the coffee flavor was pretty standard, but really great flavor. He did say the Pralines & Cream was amazing, probably the best he's ever had.I got Cookies & Cream for my first flavor, a usual choice for me. It was so rich and creamy with just the perfect amount of Oreo. For my second flavor, I got Apple Pie. I never would have thought of this as a good ice cream choice, but man was it good - again rich and creamy with graham cracker crust...so yummy!What I forgot to mention is they make everything there in store. We got to sample some vanilla ice cream that just got done an hour ago and was so light and smooth, something you don't ever find at your typical corporate chain. They also make their own cheese and butter! Random I know, but hey, why not?When my fiance was asking if they ever make certain flavors, the woman actually told us we can just call them up, and they'll special make it for us. How cool is that?Pretty standard costs - I think both our waffle cones were like $4.75 each, which may seem pricey, but they definitely pile on the ice cream, I could have been very happy with one of their smaller sizes.All in all, between how delicious the ice cream is, how they make everything from scratch there in store, and the excellent customer service, we will definitely be back!
2	I checked out this place with plans to get a shake! Holy cow!!!! $5.50 for a small! Are you serious? To top it off...my shake wasn't blended properly. I ended up needing a spoon. The ice cream was way too cold! She was having a very hard time getting it out to make the shakes. To get 3 shakes took 15 minutes because there was only one woman working there who moved very slowly! The tables were old and there was a leak in the room while it was raining outside. The ice cream was ok but the whole experience wasn't too great. I rather cold stone or marble slab.
2	I was not impressed at all with this place at all. I went with a 4 other people. 3 of us ordered milkshakes and 1 got one of the $1 scoops. I tried two flavor to start and they were ok but nothing special or better than your average baskin Robbins. It was odd that on a Sunday afternoon only one employee was there and she was slow as can be, very nice but slow, took probably 4-5 minutes per milkshake to be made and she went one at a time. The cost was astronomical as well with 2 smalls running around $10 and not worth it. The only thing keeping this review was two star was that I was impessed with the final consistancy of the milkshake and it wasn't bad tasting just not anything impressive.
5	I pick up my weekly CSA share here every Tuesday.  As I don't eat a lot of dairy, the irony isn't lost on me, but it's crazy convenient.  Turns out, they have a killer sorbet collection for us non-dairy types.  First time I stopped in, Chef Jennifer came out and was chatting about her creations like a proud mom. It was awesome! The staff patiently let me try whatever I wanted, and even pulled an amazing grapefruit sorbet out of the freezer for me to try.Tuesday I tried an amazing raspberry sorbet that'll make your home ice cream maker collect dust. She uses a gelato maker to give the sorbets the silkiest consistency I have ever tasted.When I'm feeling brave, I'll go for a scoop of dairy...strawberry, chocolate, lemon bar. The staff is super friendly and remember my name every week and are always excited to show off new flavors.if you run into Casey, the owner and farmer from Superstition Farms, he's a wealth of information and super friendly as well. I fully plan on working with him and Chef Jen to cater upcoming meetings. Gotta love supporting local business!
5	The owners and staff here are always so friendly and welcoming.  The ice cream is amazingly delicious and it is great to know that the ingredients are local and fresh.
5	I had to come back and write another review, because again, we were incredibly pleased with our experience. We stopped in on a week night when it looked like they were closing, but Casey (who I learned later was the owner) was happy to have us in. I found they had a lot of different flavors than the time we had been before, so Casey was so nice and patient and gave us samples of a ton of the different kinds. You could tell he was really knowledgeable and really proud of their ice cream. Most places would be in a hurry to shoo you out the door when they are getting ready to close, but they all kept talking to us about their different products and were some of the friendliest staff we've encountered here in the Valley. We highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a local ice cream shop with the tried and true flavors, but also some unique out of the box flavors too!
5	This place has it all. It's a must if you are in the area. They have a great variety of flavors from potato chip to mint chip. The staff is super friendly and offered us tons of samples The also make great baked items too!I can't wait to return on my next trip to Arizona! Next time I want to tour the dairy where they get the ingredients.
5	Plain and simple, I love this place. Great ice cream and personable people. I know Casey and Alison from the farm from years ago, and used to help out with Arizona Ag Day, Friday on the Farm, etc. I was glad to hear they were opening an ice cream shop, because of course it would be awesome! Now, I hear they have the best chocolate shakes, but I have yet to try one! I always come in and want to try something new, but I CAN'T! I HAVE to have the Blueberry Moofin and Vanilla Birthday Cake mixed together. I am in heaven when I eat it and no other place with ice cream comes close to Udder Delights'. Whoever is working that day will also tell you their favorite with passion. Altough it's not usually my taste with what they mix, it's nice to know they think highly of their frozen treats too.So what if it's a dollar or two more than your Dairy Queen or Baskin Robins and Cold Stone? I tell you, I had Cold Stone twice this month. Both times, I wish I had second thoughts on getting it. TOO sweet, TOO fake tasting and it seemed like everything was too "uniform" I'm not sure what the word is I'm looking for. Tasted all the same, made my stomach hurt. I have Crohn's Disease and a lot of ice cream can take a toll on my stomach, but honestly, UD doesn't really do anything to me! If it did, I would be sad that I couldn't eat it!The only thing wrong is they aren't closer to me!! I crave Udder Delights often, but live in Mesa, and it's a drive to get over there. Wish they got the ice cream truck up and running... =)  Also, wished they opened earlier, but I can wait I suppose!
5	The ice cream here is absolutely amazing! My girlfriend and I decided to go here after stopping by their tent at the Ahwatukee Farmer's market. I had White Chocolate Raspberry and Pumpkin Cheesecake. Both of the flavors were amazing! My favorite was the White Chocolate Raspberry, but the cheesecake flavor in the Pumpkin Cheesecake was really good. My girlfriend had the Banana Cream Pie, which was also great. There is absolutely nothing bad to say about any of the food here. Everything tastes fresh and delicious, as expected from a place whose products come from their own, local farm!The service was also impeccable. The people behind the counter are very friendly! My girlfriend and I hadn't been before and didn't know what we wanted, but we didn't want to be the annoying people who just keep sampling everything, but they told us to just keep sampling. They didn't seem bothered by the possibility of us trying every flavor, they actually encouraged it before we decided!Anyways, this place is great. If it was closer to where I lived, it would definitely be my go-to place for some awesome ice cream!
5	Fun and creative ice cream flavors. Great , friendly staff always willing to offer samples and suggestions.
5	Great homemade ice cream from a local shop.Sweet potato was my favorite!
4	I have to say that I'm more of a gelato person, but this ice cream is awesome!  And it's even better that it's a locally-owned business.  The shop itself is in a standard suburban strip mall, but inside the shop is clean and inviting, and the staff are friendly and attentive.  The ice cream comes in an assortment of flavors, from standards to some interesting unique ones, and from what I understand all of the dairy products used by the shop come from the owners' area farm.In short, with ice cream like this, it's a wonder anyone within driving distance would ever go to Baskin Robbins or Coldstone.
5	Local Business Alert!!  I love Udder Delights!!  The very first time we went they won me over.  The people were so helpful and friendly.  My daughter and I love the ice cream, made right there by the chef! We picked up some of their honey butter and their garlic butter.  My daughter wanted that honey butter on everything!  Almost every morning she would have a muffin or a piece of toast with honey butter. The garlic butter is her favorite on pasta.  It is all delicious!  It all comes from a local farm and local cows.  :)  The second time we went we were lucky enough to meet farmer Jason.  What a nice guy!!  We chatted for a bit and he told me a little about the farm.  A couple of months later we went back for more honey butter and got some cinnamon butter too!  YUM!!  Fresh brewed ice tea is great here too! They make lots of other things too like hummus, cheese, and you can get milk fresh from the farm!  This is one of my favorite places!!
5	There is no dessert I love more than icecream.  I am of the opinion that there is no such thing as bad icecream, just some better than others.  Well Udder Delights has the BEST icecream.  I have been a long loyal Ben and Jerry's advocate but Udder Delights is EVEN better!  My favorite is by far the Superstition which is chocolate and hazelnut and absolutely to die for!  A surprising delight I tried there was the watermelon cilantro which I did not have high hopes for but turned out to be very addicting.
5	OMG!  Amazing ice cream and the brownie was even better.  Love the concept, farm fresh milk from Superstition Farms for homemade ice cream.  Wish I would have tried this place along time ago.
3	I was not happy with the strawberry, vanilla or chocolate flavors, which would seem to be staples in the ice cream industry. They all had a chalky aftertaste. My boyfriend got the Samoa cookie and cookies and cream flavors, which were both fantastic!!! I wanted to trade him :) We took a groupon and had to spend $15 so we bought a pint of cookies and cream to take home. I will return but I recommend sampling a flavor before deciding on it!
4	So, I got to go here with a friend from out of town yesterday! We each got two different flavors of ice cream (a ridiculous amount of ice cream). I got the superstition farm (?) flavor, it was hazelnut and something and coffee in a cup and she got the same hazelnut one and peach in a cone. The ice cream was good, it was really soft and creamy and the flavors were strong. My only problem with it, is that it wasn't anything super special. Yes, it was much better than baskin robbins or coldstone, but I've had better, more creative ice cream.
5	This place is great! The ice cream is sweet, but not too sweet, creamy and delicious. Their ice cream is made from local ingredients and without preservatives. You can definitely taste the difference. By default, the ice cream is healthier... yeah... I'll keep telling myself that...
5	We were so excited to find such a wonderful ice cream parlor! It was great how we were encouraged to try AT LEAST 3 flavors. They had some really fun flavors (like cinnamon streusel, which totally sated my craving for a cinnamon roll) and some that you'd expect to see (like the very fabulously cocoa heavy chocolate). It's a cute, fun little place with great, fresh ice cream!Definitely going to return... over and over again!
5	I've been here a few times now, twice using coupons from one of the deal a day sites.  Service was always friendly, not always fast (only one person behind the counter and a few customers waiting)The ice cream is wonderful and they'll give you taste samples of anything you want, but what I really love to buy when I shop here is the butter.  Local farm fresh cream butter!  I've had the honey butter (their best!), the vanilla butter, the chocolate butter and the garlic butter.  I've tried their farmers cheeses a couple times, the chipotle and the port wine w/caramelized onions.  Yummy!  I just wish I had more ideas of what to do with it.I love supporting this local shop and one of these days soon I'm going to have to hit up Superstition Farms and their new Thurs night Farmers Market.  If you're in the area, I highly recommend a visit here!
1	ordered a birthday cake for my sons 1st birthday. it was awful and overpriced. the design was something a teeange boy couldve done and they didn't listen to what we wanted at all!
4	I ordered an ice cream cake from Udder Delights and it was delicious. The lady who took my order over the phone was very patient and helpful. We had the vanilla cake with the superstition ice cream. I normally don't like ice cream cakes but this one I did. The decorating was a little questionable but the price seemed about average. I will definitely be back.
4	This is a unique ice cream shop. It has a lot of different flavors and they all share one thing, that is tasting delicious. I mean where else are you going to find a superstition farm flavor that has beets and carrots in it? Every possible flavor you can imagine, they have here, plus more. The ice cream is incredibly creamy and the flavor lingers in your mouth. They also serve their own butter, which is so fresh you can just picture them churning it that morning. You can always stop by and pickup a cake for a special occasion. I brought my parents here when they came to visit and they also loved it. Everyone can agree that their ice cream is the best! If you want ice cream, you have to come here. To top off the ice cream, the staff is great. They are all friendly and don't mind giving you a ton of samples.
5	Delicious, delicious, and delicious!! Udder Delights has the best ice cream that I've ever tried in the Valley! Homemade, fresh, and they have some really unqiue flavors that you have to sample! I always get the Cookies & Cream though, it is my absolute favorite. :) Put it in a waffle cone or bowl and this girl is in heaven! The staff are always so friendly, welcoming, and always welcome you to try samples, which is nice. [Sometimes I feel like the annoying customer trying ...multiple... samples!]. They also sell Milk, cakes, and other treats that are great too!! 5 Stars - Definitely have made Udder Delights my ice cream go-to place!! :)
4	Hey @udderdelights Monkey Moo!  1st time here I tried it and loved it!  Now they don't have it!  Hey!  Gimme my Monkey Moo!  Don't jerk with the monkey karma man!This local biz is pretty cool.  Friendly and accommodating people peddling a tasty local product.  Score for the local food scene!We met the owner @GilbertMarket (I'll get to my review of that later) and he was very nice.  We picked up some tasty lunch food from his food truck as well.  Score again!The monkey says that you should patronize this local business.  Don't mess with the monkey.ps.Bring back my Monkey Moo!
4	The ice cream flavors are all delicious and the quality and texture are amazing. This place has a farm associated with it so everything is freshly prepared and made. They even sell small pints of various flavors in their fridge display. Also in their fridge display are nomy treats like apple cake and chocolate dipped macaroons. This place even sells its own flavor butter. I even had one of my friends order his girlfriends ice cream cake from here and they did a great job with the flavor combination and overall custom design. We love to drop by this place after an hour at the dog park just to treat ourselves for being a good doggy parents :P
5	excellent ice cream and other treats and a very photogenic local shop! yum!
2	Meh. Average ice cream at best. Just below Cold Stone in quality. Don't go there for the atmosphere, there is none. Looks like they are running a few different types if businesses out of this place.
5	OMG, their ice cream is soooooo good.  We had just visited Superstition Farm where we heard about this place and was curious to try it out.  Glad we did!  Seriously, their ice cream was to die for and I wish there was a place I could get it in Buckeye!  At the Farm, we bought their yogurt and for the past couple of days, I've been mixing it with Sprout's granola and it is soooo good.  Ship this stuff out to my side of town!!  PLEASE!!
4	I walked over to our table with a few flavors of ice cream to sample, and when my mom tasted the pumpkin pie flavor, she asked, "What kind of frozen dessert is this? I mean, I know it's pumpkin pie... but what is it?" Basically, it's just much fluffier and thicker than standard ice cream, almost like a thick mousse, to the point where it's more of a tangent off of ice cream than anything Haagen-Daaz or Breyer's would recognize. I'd say that's a pretty good thing, though. Truthfully, the ice creams weren't flavorful enough for me... But holy hell, the lavosh pizza was above and beyond the pinnacle my most flavorful fantasies. Garlic, caramelized onions, chevre, arugula, crispy, nutty, heavenly.. again, nothing Domino's or Papa John's would recognize, but that's definitely a good thing.Consensus? If you have some sort of ice cream deficiency, order it. Otherwise, just order between seven and twelve pizzas and call it a day. A really freakin' good day.
4	Creamy deliciousness!
4	I love Udder Delights! You can get single scoop, double scoop, a milkshake, or a banana split in any flavor ice cream. One of the cool and delicious flavors is baked potato chip. Plus it's good to support local. :)
5	I could not BELIEVE how good this ice cream was!  Homemade - yay!Each flavor was my favorite until I tried the next one and I kept going between the 3 and it turns out they were all my favorite:  Salted Caramel Apple, Banana Cream Pie, and Oatmeal Raisin.  The Banana Cream Pie was filled with chunks of crust and had a great texture.  The Oatmeal Raisin was nice and spicy with lots of cinnamon, big juicy raisins, and chewy oatmeal pieces.  The lady behind the counter was super friendly and didn't make anyone feel rushed.  Portions are LARGE, so if you don't want so much you'll have to say so.I think this is the best ice cream in Phoenix and is definitely some of the best ice cream I've ever had anywhere.The shop is tucked away in a part of a stip mall but it's worth the effort to find - I can't wait to return!
5	I am a huge fan of local goods and am ELATED that we have a local ice cream shop.  Udder Delights is about small, local business. The milk they use for their ice cream is from a local dairy farm (superstition farms.) I've had dozens of types of their ice cream and have never been disappointed.  They get very creative with their  flavors and have many seasonal types.  Give some of the more 'odd' flavors a try! They are delicious. I saw someone down lower post about how they're 'running a few different businesses' out of this location and that's because they are. They are currently a pick-up location for my CSA (Desert Roots farm). They also sell butter, cheese and milk from Superstition dairy farm (which is great because I essentially go grocery shopping here--veggies, ice cream, cheese and milk in one stop) and it's all local! They have ready-made ice cream cakes and other desserts.  Because of all these services, the supreme quality of the ice cream and they're focus on small, local businesses, I give U.D. 5*!
5	How can you not love this place. I'm the kind of person that will rather go buy a carton of ice cream at Fry's over getting my sweet fix at an ice cream shop since you get much more for the same price, but this is the exception.You can taste the freshness in the ice cream. It's like driving a Ford Taurus vs a Lamborghini. I always, always get the Birthday Cake ice cream, well except for tonight (it's all good Casey!). Today I got Chocolate Cake (need to stick with the extremely sugary stuff I guess) and Cookies N Cream. Equally amazing. So now I'll have to get 3 scoops every time I go. There is a lovely inside where you can sit with friends, draw fun stuff on their chalkboard tables. They also have pints you can take home, they make really good cakes and they also make amazing butter. This is just one of those places where you feel good supporting a local business and you get a great treat in return. Also, the owner Casey is in quite often and very friendly. Today when I went in he was super excited to show off the Superstition Farm's new website. Protip: Check in with the Yelp app and get your loyalty card punched. I've already gone through 2 and they hook it up with I think $5 worth of free treats when you get enough check-ins and/or hole punches.
5	A huge fan of Udder Delights.  I have yet to have a flavor that I haven't cared for.  The ice cream's texture is outstanding and is the only ice cream I can tolerate with my mild lactose intolerance.  They have standard flavors, but I love the unique flavors like beet.  I suggest taking a risk and going out of your comfort zone and trying something different.
3	I've been here a couple of times. LOVE that everything is from a local farm, unfortunatly it seems that means it's kind of expensive for ice cream. The ice cream I had was pretty good but not amazing. I've also gotten a shake which was pretty good too but neither were anything I'd drive out of my way for. I can get a shake at Jack in the Box that tastes just as good.
4	I've had Udder Delights several times now and I'm happy to report that it truly is an utter delight to enjoy this sweet treat! Udder Delights is produced from Superstition Farm so it's no surprise that the ice cream is as creamy and fresh as it is. If only every ice cream was created from a freshly milked cow! I've had several of their flavors but my favorite is sweet potato. Yes, I know it sounds strange right? But it's actually quite tasty! It's creamy and tastes a little bit more like pumpkin than potato. Try it!
4	The sign said CUPCAKES $3,, I had to stop by and get me one! I ordered the Red Velvet Cupcake, that had a beautiful cream cheese frosting with a dusting of iridescent sprinkles and topped with a little pink dot! So cute yet had to be eaten!   The cupcake tasted as good as looked! I hate when you buy something pretty for it only to be dry and tasteless, but that's not the case here!! I look forward to trying out other cupcakes soon! Also found out that everything coming from Superstition Farm, I just love when local ingredients are used! Look forward to my next trip!
4	Udder Delights was at a Yelp Community event with their truck serving up their cupcakes and Ice Cream. The other company that was serving dinner wasn't ready yet so my friend & I decided to go for dessert first. It was a great decision!We each had a red velvet cupcake that looked as beautiful as it tasted. Usually Red Velvet for me is a little too much on the rich side because they load up that cream cheese frosting, but this cupcake was a perfect combination of cake to icing. The guys at the cart were wonderful to talk to as well. They were very funny & made sure we knew what community events they are at on a regular basis. They also invited everyone down to their dairy farm for a tour & some ice cream in their shop. We will definitely go check them out.After we had the cupcake I went back and bought 2 more to take home to the hubby, one more Red Velvet & the other was a chocolate with a coffee toffee topping. After our Yelp event was over the guys from Udder Delights invited us back to their truck if we wanted to take home any of their home made ice cream. I took a scoop a vanilla & a scoop of their Red Velvet as well to take home with my cupcakes. They said their ice cream is made from scratch with 6 ingredients. It tasted great! When I did get home my husband grudgingly shared the ice cream & cupcakes with me. I liked the Red Velvet more than the Chocolate cupcake, but both were good. I love homemade vanilla ice cream & this stuff reminded me of making it with my Great-Grandma when I was a kid. The Red Velvet Ice Cream was ok, nothing screamed out Red Velvet to me about it though, it was more like plain chocolate. I will definitely go check them out around town though & see what else they have to try.
3	We tried the chocolate birthday cake, vanilla birthday cake, superstition farm, and mint chocolate chip.  Overall the ice cream quality was pretty high, though not the best I've tried around here.  The price was not bad for premium ice cream though.  I missed some of the more exotic flavors (was hoping to try potato chip or sweet potato).  Would like to try again when some of those flavors were available.
5	Local, fresh, AZ treasure. Next time I want a milkshake, and at least two people to share it with.
3	Cool  little place. Everything is super fresh and local. Good ice cream- ok flavor selection. They also sell homemade cheese, milk, and butters.
4	This is a tasty little ice cream place. The best thing about it, is all the ingredients are fresh, from the farm down the street. Nice little mom and pop shop with great service.
5	Perhaps some of the best ice cream that has ever passed my lips! Calories......what's that? Udder Delights is top notch in my book with a great selection of flavors, toppings & mix-ins and waffle cones you just can't beat this place.Udder Delights is owned and operated by Superstition Springs Farm and so no only do they make the ice cream, they use the milk that comes from their own cows!!
3	I liked the old one!!!  But this ones good too..
2	My oldest daughter and I went here since she was in the mood for a good milkshake. I admit that the milkshake was good. Not great but good. The cupcake was good too but nothing to write home about.When we walked in the staff, a pair of twins greeted us both with bigs smile and conversation. They were very polite and allowed us to sample a couple of the ice cream flavors which we felt were very good. My daughter then desided to get a large cookies and cream milkshake so she and I could share it and it was only $1 more than the small.When we get to the register I ask the girl serving us if I could have another cup so my daughter and I can share the milkshake and she says "Sure". No problem right? Wrong... When she goes to ring us up for the 1 large milkshake and 1 red velvet cupcake it came up to be nearly $15!!!I explain that by their pricing "That the cupcake was $3 and that the large milkshake wasn't $11, so why is it $15?" The girl says "Well, I can give you a 20% discount, but that's it." As she is staring at me her twin comes up and explains that since I wanted an extra cup for the milkshake they would have to charge me for 2 smalls instead of 1 large milkshake. I explain that I will pay for the large milkshake and the cupcake since that is what I wanted but not for 2 small shakes. She explained that the 2 cups were for 2 small shakes and that is what they needed to charge me for. I again explained that I ordered a large and wasn't paying for 2 smalls & if they need to go ahead and either changre me for the one large & a cupcake or  forget it all and I was leaving since I'm not paying that much. She agreed and I paid for the 1 large milkshake (divided into 2 cups) and 1 cupcake. All in all it tased good but not good enought that I will be going back and having this kind of hassle again. To me customer service is worth way more than slightly better tha average taste. I really like to support local businesses but they have to EARN my support.Maybe I'll try again, but for now I'm good...
1	I took my 7 yo son here for a treat and it was not good.  The staff was super friendly and I love that it comes from a local farm so I had very high hopes!  BUT, the ice cream was so bland and just not flavorful at all :(.  I had strawberry and my son had bubble gum.  Even my 7 yo, who is an ice cream -aholic like his mother (me) didn't finish his cone.  Thank goodness I used a coupon, otherwise I really would've been unhappy!
3	may i just say..its disappointing to know that this place is not that well known. It is located somewhat invisibly in the plaza but please do your best to try it. The place is extremely adorable..filled with little decor that makes you just smile. There are no prices on the menu which I thought was a little uncalled for but the lady behind the counter was patient with our group while we decided on the flavors. The ice creams are not THE BEST but they are less creamy and have much flavor. I'd recommend the coffee or strawberry or mint...not very many to rave over i was really sad to find out they have a yelp deal for three or more check ins. It would've been nice if I had known that T.T
5	Excellent ice cream, sorbet, milkshakes, and ice cream cakes.  Our very favorite place for dessert  is always filled with cheerful, helpful staff and you can pick up take home pints of ice cream, milk from the dairy, and fresh cheese curds while you are there.  A win-win!
5	Today was our first time at Udder Delights! The girl who helped us was very helpful and nice. The ice cream is delicious and you get a lot of it for your money. We were extremely satisfied and will be back!
5	Amazing rich flavors!  I just had a seasonal favorite - Salted Carmel!  The sweet saltiness is still lingering on my tongue.There is another fall season flavor - Carrot Cake - that I am anxious to try.  Soon.Just a few of the flavors that those ahead of me ordered - Honey Yogurt, Chocolate Birthday Cake, Apple Sorbet, Mint Chocolate Chip, etc. Service was quick; but by the time it was my time to order I had changed my mind 4 or 5 times and came right back to the Salted Carmel.  I savored every bite, lick and slurp . . . . Delightfully refreshing, friendly & quick service and worth a trip to Udder Delights even if you live far away. . . . yum.
3	Ice cream here is nothing special.  They make the ice cream with 1/2 gelato and 1/2 ice cream. Overpriced in my opinion. Decor is lacking.
5	Great taste, very fresh and creamy. I love to support small local business. This place is a real treat.
4	Love supporting the local companies and this one DEFINITELY deserves it. Very creamy flavors and very creative in some of their more "out there" ideas. If you are a milkshake confectionado... this is a place you must try. Staff is always helpful and friendly. Great date night as the wife and I are always happy when we go.
4	I love knowing that my ice cream is FRESH!! The milk comes from a local farm. The consistency of the ice cream is actually more like gelato... creamy and cool. I sampled like 5 different flavors before settling on the peppermint flavor. I got a small but the scoop was HUGE!! The location is clean and parking is not a problem. I just wish there was a closer location in the Tempe area!
2	Wow, I don't get the great reviews.  Good ice cream, but EXTREMELY overpriced.  Two milkshakes and 2 kids cups = $25 = one time customer.  Would love to see the breakdown, but no prices are posted.  My 6-year-old wouldn't eat hers, said it was icky.  First time she's ever left a scoop unfinished.  Meh.
4	The people here were so friendly and the ice cream was delicious. I had the Vanilla Birthday Cake- YUM!
5	This is the best ice cream place I've been to. The ice cream is so creamy. The flavors are great, too. My favorite is chocolate birthday cake batter. They make it there from their own dairy farm, Superstition Farms. They also have random flavors that they create like Lays potato chip. You can try all the flavors!
4	Great, creamy ice cream - never realized how good this would taste!Just about any flavor you try is worthy of a selection. I usually play it safe with some chocolate, but here I felt I could go the distance woohoo!The fresh butter and milk are also worthy of a try. Support local businesses.
2	Friendly staff, and the product itself was pretty good (not excellent), but I feel it was way overpriced for what it was.
5	Real ice cream that has a rich creamy consistency and a few crazy concoctions like potato chip and my personal fave, chunky monkey. Definitely delightful right done to the wafer that accompanies each serving.  Reminds me of how ice cream is supposed to taste!
5	This review is for the heavenly, mouth watering ice cream I hoovered down at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan. If my customer experience there is a sampling of what the retail location is - well - heck - every food visit should be this fun!Ok, so I have to confess my sins. I had ice cream twice tonight.Yep.Udder Delights is REALLY GOOD.I have this new methodology in place where dessert has to come first. Otherwise...My eyes feast before my stomach registers what is fully happening. (And I feel like a balloon ready to pop.) And then I never really get to eat my sweets. (And that's REALLY WRONG.)With that in mind I hustled over to select something. Low and behold I was greeted by the most gregarious eight year old in the world. I went with her stellar recommendation of Chocolate Chip Mint (as had previous customers).And let's face it, when a smart kids tells you what to do, you listen.She was right. Absolutely spot on, right.I clutched my little scoop of sweet heaven as I walked around. After carving out the last minutia of sugar from my cup (which, had no one been around, I would have licked) I turned to BBQ. Well, then, let's just say...there was room for more ice cream. Priorities people, PRIORITIES!This time the Salted Carmel. Don't judge me! (Go ahead. My trainer does. Every tuesday.) This stuff is totally worth it!
5	it was great !
1	Came in for the shake that was mentioned in the Best of Phoenix.  When we got there, it was empty and the young kid behind the counter asked if he could help us.  We said we were here for the Best of Phoenix shake.  We were then told he was out of the "mix" but he may be able to come up with something.  Went to the back for 10 minutes while we waiting only to have him come out and say he didn't have any.  If it is a shake from a mix and not ice cream, natural flavoring and milk, it can't be the best.  They lose.
2	I can't believe I paid over $13 for two milkshakes. Why would I do that? It's not that they were bad milkshakes, they were fine, but no milkshake is that good. Not in Gilbert.
5	We found this gem of an ice cream parlor years ago and fell in love with it!!! They have amazing and fun new flavors all made from their local dairy farm. Our favorite thing to order is a chocolate and peanut butter milk shake with whipped cream. Bonus they use these super fat fun straws!
5	This is by far the best ice cream I've had to date. It is thick and creamy and all their flavors pack a punch. The decor is also really cute. I love that they offer strange flavors for the food-courageous (Think potato chip and watermelon cilantro). I also like how helpful and cheery the staff is. I've special ordered several custom ice cream birthday cakes for my daughter and they were always beautifully crafted. Great and cute local business!
4	Really great ice cream place with a nice little family flavor to it. The girl behind the counter was very friendly and patient (we met friends their and had a few kids with us). They let you sample the selections so you won't order a flavor you don't like.Really great ice cream place with a nice little family flavor to it. The girl behind the counter was very friendly and patient (we met friends there and had a few kids with us). They let you sample the selections so you won't order a flavor you don't like.
4	My bf and I wanted to try this place so we came here after our dinner. The lady was nice to let us try some of their flavors. They have some unique flavors like sweet potato and carrot cake!  I also noticed that they have the superfarm here (which is my favorite, I first tried it when I went to Melt, Phoenix). We got the salted caramel, cookies & cream and superfarm. The salted caramel was good but nothing can compare to Superfarm! I just can't get over it. What I like about this place is they use the local cow's milk to make their own ice creams, they also sell the milks in the store and there is a blackboard where you can write your input or suggestion of what flavor you want.
4	I've had the delight of trying this ice cream twice and I am definitely a fan. The first sample I received was at the Taste of Ocotillo event, where I tried the nutella flavor. I was hooked after that so I searched up their location and found out they are pretty close to where I live! I went in on a random weeknight, where I was the only one inside, but was able to chat it up with the staff and get recommendations. They have TONS of flavors but ended up with a 2 scoop of hazel "nutty" and their super farm. I just went on their website and discovered even MORE flavors to try, including avocado, girl scout cookie, toasted marshmallow, potato chip?! They also sell a variety of butters, which I will probably try next time.Check this one out!
5	This place is amaaaaaazing. Best ice cream and  great customer service.  We were walking our dogs and they had no tables outside and since we couldn't bring the pups inside they graciously and gladly moved a table outside for us. Our new favorite date spot....will return regularly!!!!! :D
2	"Udder" disappointment.  Really had high hopes for this place.  Ice cream was good.  Service was terrible.  It was super slow so no reason for poor service.  Every table was dirty and sticky.  No excuse for this as it was not busy at all.  Young guy behind the counter was more interested in talking with his friend than making it a good experience for the customer.   Won't be back!
5	I love this place. It's seriously so good. The texture of the ice cream is spot-on: Smooth, thick, creamy, and heavenly. They also fun flavors like blueberry muffin and fruity pebbles (both really good.) Coconut is my favorite though, especially when served in their yummy homemade waffle cones. Ever since I went here with my family I haven't stopped thinking about this ice cream. It's definitely a must try if you haven't already.
5	Ok. If you like ice cream... Hands down best ice cream everrrrrr!!! I've only written a few reviews for anything on Yelp but it is worth my time to write a review. Especially for those who are Peanut butter crazies, you HAVE TO, MUST TRY their PB Ice cream. It has the perfect PB consistency that all us PB lovers adore ^^Drop everything you are doing and just go to Udder Delights!!!!!The staff is so sweet and I can tell they really take pride in their job. The Butter Pecan was also amazing!!!! Perfect flavors and unlike other ice creams where it's too hard or it just tastes so artificial, it's smooth and yet cold and icy enough!!! Just stop reading this and go check them out!!! You won't regret it~
5	We were craving a milkshake and Udder delights did not disappoint! It's a bit pricey, but totally worth it. Best milkshake I have had in years. If you are on a diet, stay away. The local ingredients make this shake amazing!
5	We tried this place for the first time tonight & it was amazing!! The flavors were delicious & they even had puppy ice cream we took home to our furbabies who absolutely loved it as well!! The girls working were very nice & patient as my son took forever deciding which flavor he wanted! Overall great experience & we can't wait to go back!
5	Great ice cream. Great staff. Good time try the Casey's root beer float. AMAZING!!!!!
5	Omg. This place is the best. The milkshakes will cure any bad day. I'm a regular.... And the staff is always nice.
5	Omg. This place is the best. The milkshakes will cure any bad day. And  the staff is always very nice! I'm a regular....
5	We stopped in at the recommendation of one of the parents in our kids' karate class.  She said the ice cream is made fresh daily from the dairy farm not located too far from it.  I've shopped at the Farmer's Market so I like their stuff. The ice cream is fabulous.  We got 7 different flavors and they were all good.  It was a bit on the pricey side as we normally don't spend more than $5 on ice cream for the 4 of us.  We bought three cups with 2 scoops each - blueberry something, white chocolate raspberry, coconut, vanilla birthday cake, cantaloupe, cherry chip and then one waffle cone with cookies and cream.They were all yummy, yummy.The total came to $20 for all this, which for us, is pricey, but well worth the freshness and everything tasted so good!
5	nom nom nom nom:)Get two scoops:)
5	My girlfriend and I really enjoyed our visit. Friendly staff, well priced, and excellent ice cream.
4	Excellent ice cream. Very rich and creamy. The place was clean and the girl behind the counter was friendly.
4	Great ice cream -- very fresh and very creative, fun and delicious.  Always good customer service.  And I noticed they had sorbet and also some healthy ice bars for when I'm ready to be watching my calories again.
