4	I love this bakery! I remember stopping by this place when I was heading to Trader Joe's next door.The owner is a very nice gentleman who is always working there daily. This place has already been voted the Best of Vegas for many years ('05-'08), so I trusted that it would be good. There is also no artificial ingredients, trans fats, or preservatives!During my first visit, there was a film shooting; it was kind of strange to see that here. At any rate, my boyfriend and I couldn't decide on what to get. Therefore, we got the white chocolate raspberry bar, the baklava, the chocolate cupcake, and chocolate cookie. They were all SOOOOO GOOD!After trying Layers, I decided to order their Tiramisu cake for my friend's birthday party. I heard it was a favorite of all the customers here, so I ordered it. When I tried it at the party, it was drenched with SO much RUM! WHOA! The cake seemed to be soaked in it! Didn't eat much of it... This week I drove by this place, and I decided to bring Theresa B. with me. I got the baklava and the strawberry shortcake bar. Theresa B. got the chocolate cupcake. Her cupcake was pretty rich and sweet. My baklava was just delicious, although the honey on the outside could be a bit too sweet! The strawberry shortcake bar was just right...I would give this place 5 stars, but some things here can be sweet, so I'm giving it 4! I'm also giving it 4 stars because of the tiramisu cake drenched in alcohol! I'm just gonna stick to the other baked goods here....I'll have to try their other cakes some time soon...
5	There is a reason this place has won the Best of Las Vegas for the last 4 YEARS in ROW!!!!! Its cause they are AMAZING!!!!! This place really is the BEST bakery in Henderson & Las Vegas... They make everything on premises, and have a HUGE variety of things to choose from, whatever your looking for you can find there... the peanut butter cookies are to die for, as well as the chocolate chip bread pudding! Mine and my husbands favorite is the chocolate mud puddle (which we call the muddle!) heated up with a bit of whipped cream!! To dye for!!!!!!!!!!!! I am hooked on there coffee, I buy it by the bag (a bag a week) and make it at home all day long!!! Everytime i go in to get a bag i pick up a white chocolate raspberry bar for my husband, he LOVES them!! The owners, Greg and Jeanne are wonderful people who have become friends as well--we even sent them a postcard while in Paris on our honeymoon, which now hangs in the bakery by the register--they have a "regular crowd" of people that go there almost daily.. so when you stop in you always see a friendly face and have someone to talk to... and Greg who's usually behind the counter will greet you with a friendly hello and by your name none the less... i would say about 80% of their customers are regulars and they are known by name!We have gotten cakes and pies for special occasions and Jeanne always makes them beautiful and writes on them whatever you want, you dont need to go in with much notice in less you have a specific cake or pie in mind that you want cause there is always many to choose from there ready to go, and they will write on it on the spot! Even give you candles to go with it if needed!!They just started making bread and as you would expect it is AMAZING as well!!!!You really cant go wrong if you venture into this place which is a little piece of heaven!!!! If you want a little something sweet, a cup of coffee or just want to be around some friendly people...this is the place to go!!!!!!!
5	I got my wedding cake from here, and holy crap it did not disappoint! I started emailing Jeanie months in advance as we discussed our options. We're from LA, so when we were in Vegas doing a planning/scouting trip, we made sure to have a tasting. OMG were the pieces of cake and frosting they gave us DELICIOUS. The cake came out totally cute! I wish the silver luster dust had looked a little more...lustery? I don't know. Perhaps I should have requested that we use those little silver candy balls people put on Christmas cookies. Anyway, the cake was a total success. Everybody at the reception loved it, and the price was really reasonable. And the fun part - we practically had the whole cake left over. We'd gotten a three-tier cake and two large cutting cakes (planned for 100 guests and wanted more than enough cake to go around). We did the ceremonial cut from the tiered cake, and then the cutting cakes were served to the masses. We had the ENTIRE TIERED CAKE left. Oh well. Made for good eats when we got home! And it's a damn good thing our honeymoon wasn't for a couple weeks later so we could enjoy the cakey wonderfulness. I can't wait until we go back to Vegas so I can swing by the shop and get a little piece of heaven to go.
5	wooo.. this place is delicious.  the molten chocolate cake is bomb.  the cupcakes are soooo good and the frosting is even better.  definitely deserving of the five stars.
4	I've been to Layers once and I loved it there.  The people are really friendly and the desserts are great.  I love how "simple" the desserts are, as they should be.  Their cakes are not outrageous which I appreciate.  I live a very short distance away which is so DANGEROUS to my waistline!  I got a biscotti and my boyfriend got the butterscotch cheesecake! OH MY GOODNESS.  I'm very sensitive to overly-sweet food and what we had was delightfully sweet and not at all overwhelming.  I will definitely be coming back (and possibly getting my boyfriend's birthday cake here).
5	They made my graduation cake and my wedding cake. They also have made about 40 gazillion calories worth of other tasty treats I have consumed in the time they have been open. None better....they don't make things in bulk, they make them from fresh ingredients. No VATS of frosting pre-purchased. Just the real thing, fresh for your cake! The pies rock and the bars and cookies are deeeee-lightful!
4	Layers, O let me recount the times.....back when I lived in Las Vegas, they shared the same strip mall space next to TJ's and Layers was a weekend ritual for me. A jewel in the sea of strip malls and Starbucks. While not a great place for coffee (seriously, Las Vegas was always lacking in this department!), the desserts were good - from flourless orange almond spice cakes/tortes to rich chocolate decadence (check out their small molten chocolate ganache cakes...mmmmmm). And....i'm not a dessert person, so kudos to the bakery! BTW, on Saturdays, they always had something special on the menu - like applewood cheddar bacon scones. Anyways, I'm glad to hear that they're moving to a new location. One serious complaint was the lack of space - and now it seems like they're keen on correcting that. I can't wait to try them out again at their new location!
5	The original location has closed but they are in operation and awaiting reopening on Horizon Ridge! Simply got hit by contractor delays that forced this transition. BUT DO NOT DESPAIR! They are baking cakes and cookies and building the new location!
5	I can't say enough about this place.  If I know you, your birthday cake will come from Layers.  Fresh moist cakes, with not too sweet icings and creative fillings.  The lemon curd is amazing.  As are all of their pastries, cookies and pies.  Worth the trip to Henderson!
4	I know, I know - Layers is going to open back up in a new location soon...but I was surprised that I have not written a review for one of my favorite places, I took pics and didn't review....Here it is:=THE BEST HOT CHOCOLATE & FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE EVER!=The chocolate is sooo goood and to top it off with their housemade marshmallows- PURE BLISS!!!-LEMON STRAWBERRY LOAF - MY FAVORITE-No matter what cake I tried there(I think I've just about tried them all) it is consistantly moist, buttery and oh so good!!!-The lemon curd and blood orange filling is excellent..-The SMORES PIE they have is DELICIOUS!!!-Savory scones...Wash it down with hot chocolate-Hits the spot-Butter Bars,Peanut Butter cookie with chocolate ganache-Yummy-Mini heart cakes made with orange zest,olive oil and love...I truly could go on forever and I can't wait until they open back up again in their new location. I'm positive everything will remain good if not better. I look forward to trying their lunch items...(One star off because I would like them to offer sheets cakes, sheet cakes just really go a longer way especially for kid's b-day parties and they are cheaper!!!)
5	Greg and Jeanne have done it again! Layers is back, and it's bigger and better than ever!Now, in addition to their always delectable sweets and savory treats, they have some mighty fine sandwiches and other lunch fare. I had a "Liberal", which was this incredible smoked, grilled chicken panini with bacon, smoked cheese, caramelized onions, and a house bbq sauce, on house-made molasses bread. Thems good eats.I take their chocolate chip cookies and pop them in the toaster oven...heavenly. This is awesome food, made by awesome people. Layers got me accustomed to the idea of living in Henderson. Nuff' said.
4	Hadnt ever heard of this place until my boyfriends mom got me an Oreo cake for my birthday from here. The cake was adorable and tasted great. Layers of chocolate cake, chocolate frosting, and oreo frosting without being overwhelming. The frosting was nice and not too sweet like on most cakes. Decided we had to try lunch here after eating the cake. Got the grilled cheese w/ honey mustard. Best grilled cheese ive ever had. The bread was honey wheat-ish (not sure exactly) and it had a few different kinds of cheeses. Wasn't trying to be too fancy like most grilled chesses you would get at a restraunt. It just tasted great & the honey mustard was a little spicy, it was perfect! The decor inside is so cute! I would love whoever decorated to hit up my place sometime! :)
5	My research and stalking and multiple drive-bys have definitely paid off!! I first tried their french silk pie that I received as a gift, but I never had been in the shop. The french silk was delicious, dense, yet delicate. They have a different spin on this pie... I'm not sure what it is.. but I still enjoyed it! When I finally went into the shop yesterday, I fell in love. The staff is so happy and energetic and they make me want to work there! The shop is clean and simple... with just enough taste;] We went for lunch and we STARTED (!!!!) with the mud puddle... omg. It was warmed and served with a swish of whipped cream on the side. SOO delicious. More so like a brownie with a decadent splash of ganache in the middle. Then came the salad to offset my guilty pleasure... citrus salad: oranges, grapefruit, golden raisins, walnuts, apples, toasted coconut flakes, spinach, lettuce, with a ginger vinaigrette dressing. This is eating rainbow foods to the max, I think dietitians would like this. All the ingredients were fresh and abundant. Served with a slice of their fresh bread, which was also delicious. My friend got the love monkey panini... more so dessert, but we'll let it slide just once! Peanut butter, marshmallow creme, bananas, with chocolate sauce for dipping. Incredibly delicious. I want to serve this to a 4 year old!! This was a perfect lunch and just under $20 for two people. Fine by me! I can't wait to be back, and hopefully meet the owners!
4	I was headed down Horizon Ridge after an appointment and spotted Layers, which I had read good things about on Yelp. My sweet tooth took over and forced me to make the turn into the parking lot.First thing I noticed when I walked in was that it did not smell like a bakery to me. It smelled like a cafe. Technically, it is a cafe as well and it smelled like a damn good one.  I was there for something sweet though.. Greg, one of the owners, assisted me. There was a large assortment to choose from, including some gluten free items. I went with a german Chocolate Cupcake which was $3.50 plus tax. It had the perfect amount of chocolate frosting dusted with coconut flake, and a vanilla coconut filling. It was moist and delicious, one of the best cupcakes I have ever had.I do want to try a salad or the grilled cheese, and I doubt the cupcake is the only delicious baked item Layers sells. The only thing holding me back is the price...
5	The cakes are amazing!!  I have had many cakes baked by Jeanne and Greg and they have always been aesthetically pleasing as well as tasting great.  Beware of the Love Monkey cake.  The cafe has some gluten free options as well so for someone that is looking for those options it is available.
4	I'm so happy something locally owned open up in the shopping center closest to my house! Overall this place is pretty damn perfect - and a place I will be frequenting often when I'm eating carbs, or need a cake for a special occasion, or I feel like I'm not fat enough (it could happen, right?).The space is clean and bright and modern. Right up my alley there. I've been for breakfast a few times now and tried many many things. They have all been AWESOME. From the blueberry breakfast cake, to the cranberry scones (and I normally hate scones!) to the bacon egg bake, I really do love their baked things. So much yummier than panera or any other chain type place. I recently ordered a cake for a coworker's bday (the Boston Cream cake!) and it was really great. It was moist and covered in dark chocolate ganache so it wasn't too sweet. I highly recommend their cakes - especially if you are tired of the overly processed, too sweet garbage ones from the grocery store. A few things of note:*They don't do Vegan - a huge plus to me! I like to support places commited to a more natural way of baking. The idea of a vegan bakery is rather freaky in my book, so I'm pleased these guys do things the right way. *They do organic as much as possible - sugar, eggs, flour, all organic!!*All their egg bakes have tons and tons of veggies. I pick around most of them, but it's hard to find veggie free savory items for my husband here. *You do have to bus your own stuff. I find this really akward and annoying - if I wanted to do dishes I'd just eat at home and not spend $7.99 on a sandwich.
4	Went to the new bakery that moved from Sunset / GV Pkwy to the Target Center on Horizon Ridge and GV Pkwy.  I like this place, very big, airy modern feel with white modern furniture. Great selection of small cakes, cookies and etc for the quick pick up for parties, friends, dinners. I have not actually ordered a cake here, but most of my overall bakery purchases are a large selection of small cakes, baked goods and they are very good here.  Also,  you can eat in the store and it is great.
3	Layers used to be next to Trader Joes on Sunset and Green Valley, I went a couple of times and was blown away by their pastries and the wonderful atmosphere in the place, so I was very excited to learn that they were relocating their store down the street from us. Unfortunately since the new location has been open there have been many minor disappointments adding up. For starters they've expanded their menu to include sandwiches, salads and soups. The atmosphere is now that of an eatery, cold and uninviting and the savory food is overpriced and deeply mediocre. They are clearly brilliant at preparing baked goods, and perhaps they should have stuck with what they are good at. I've had several of the sandwiches, all are greasy and overly heavy. I have a very adventurous palette and I always appreciate more experimental cooking, when it's done right. Unfortunately, the flavor and texture combinations here are bizzare and inappropriate at best. There is a chicken sandwich with smoked cheddar served on heavily buttered oatmeal molasses bread with bacon, caramelized apple and overly sweet caramelized onions. The description claimed that it would be served with bbq sauce, which could have alleviated the bland heavy sameness of the flavors, but what we got instead was something closer to mole, with definite hints of cinnamon and cocoa. The sauce by itself was interesting but it had no business on that sandwich. I've also had their meatloaf the flavor of which is good in itself, but is again, served on overly buttered bread with nothing to give the palette a rest from all that heaviness.The truth is that their baked goods are still fantastic and they have what I think is the best coffee in town. I could just not have lunch there and focus on the positive, right? Well... the customer service is chaotic and disorganized, and borders on rude, orders get forgotten and no thought is given to little things like if you get your coffee and your pastry first, and the pastry is heated up and sits on the table while you get through lunch it's going to be hard as a rock by the time you get to it.  At any given time there are 4 or 5 people behind the counter at what is a fairly small establishment, so being overwhelmed is not an excuse. Also, for the price, you would think that the food could at least be brought to your table. This place is not cheap. All minor things that make it a less than stellar experience. It pains me to write this review, I am always very excited about mom and pop places, and I want them to succeed. I wanted to like this place. The last straw came this past week when Layers posted a discussion on Facebook about a customer that complained about the taste of an order and expected an exchange or refund. It seems that they feel that their food is above reproach and that the basic rules of customer service don't apply to them. Blaming the customer for having bad taste when they don't like your product is not a smart approach, and in this case it succeeded in turning off at least two additional customers (my BF and myself) that were trying very hard to give this place a chance. I won't be returning any time soon.
4	As others have stated, this place use to be by Trader Joes on sunset, and that was where I tried their items. I haven't tried anything since they have moved. The coffee was some of the best fricking coffee I have ever had. And really good price as well. The cupcakes were finger licking good, and wish I had a vanilla one right now. Oh well. Ummm, everyone was really friendly and the place is reallllly cozy. Ive recommended the place to a couple friends who needed cakes and they told me the cakes were delish as well. Hope the move didn't change anything.
5	Layers Bakery is by far the best bakery in Las Vegas.  Their cakes and pastries make cheating on my diet completely worth it.  I have tasted their  sandwiches as well and thoroughly enjoyed them all.The owners Jeanne and Greg are super sweet and are always friendly.To the message below: yes their sandwiches may be considered a little pricey, but this is because they use fresh, usually organic, ingredients such as free range chicken and organic vegetables.  Not many places offer those things and it is totally worth paying an extra 50 cents for that type of quality.I have loved Layers for a long time and cannot wait to return again.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!
5	Everything is good. All of the pastries I've tried have been phenomenal. The lunch menu has some great items: awesome chili, The Conservative and The Liberal are incredible sandwiches.
2	When Layers was in their old location. I would visit frequently for chocolate chip cookies, tarlets and the occasional birthday cake. Everything was so delicious. I've been to the new location a few times and it seems like they have lost their touch. Maybe the coziness of the former location added to the charm?On my first trip to the new location, my husband and I had breakfast. I ordered a breakfast sandwich which was served on Layer's version of a croissant. I must say it was one of the oddest combinations. The croissant was not tradionally fluffy, but was overly greasy and so flaky that it fell apart and left my fingers dripping of oil. I could not even cut it with a knife, it just made an even bigger mess. After a few bites, I started to think my taste buds were off because the flavors just did not jive. When my husband tried it - he agreed. We realized that sandwich had a horseradish-like spread... yuck! He also was not impressed by his breakfast quiche. I find it a bit arrogant that there was a comment made by Layers management that their flavor combinations should not be questionned... maybe they should listen to customers!The other issue I have is bussing your own dishes is awkward and inconvenient, especially when we spent over $20 on breakfast. TIP for Management: since the place isn't that big, and the food prices are moderately high - maybe you should bus the dishes.
2	the one thing that blew me away was the decor... the food at best was not anything that blew me away. it tasted like something i could get at claim jumper or cheesecake factory. i guess i was expecting something different something to blow me away like the decor. it was like they spent so much time making it pretty they just thru together a menu. the only shining light is that i got a piece of baklava for my sister and she said it was the best she has ever had....so i might go back for pastries. there were a few other things that perturbed me.. when i ordered the owner of the place was standing there listening and didn't say a thing as i raved at how nice it was in there and that i was impressed with the decor. i only know he was the owner cause his pic is on their web sight which brings me to my last item. i found there web sight to be sorta rude. i don't know if they were trying to come off as being funny but at one spot it has a list of frequently asked questions and one is do you make sheet cakes. the answers was " um . no" and all their little remarks about how its food for real people and all... aren't we all real. and from the looks of things they are trying to be uptight and pretentious with the fancy decor... that's being " real" ..
2	Wanted to try layers for lunch.   No kids menu so I was never able to give it a chance.  Not kid friendly at all.
4	No longer is this just a place for desserts, but they serve cafe fare as well now. No matter how I look at it, their old location and their new one are not that close, nor convenient for me to go to. Yet that does not stop me from making a trip over there. The decor of the place can come off as a little cold. It has ample amount of sunlight coming in from two directions which makes it bright, but I could not shake the feeling like it was missing something. I am not going to focus too much on this because the star of the show goes to the food. I am fine as long as you don't stick me in North Vegas.I met a friend for lunch and we decided to get their vegetarian baked egg custard. They ask that you be willing to wait 10-15 minutes because they bake them when you order it. You can tell that they were not sitting there for forever because when you get it, the first thing you notice is how soft and rich the eggs are. They are not fluffy like scrambled eggs or a quiche, but it is a custard. So for those who do not like the idea of a flan like consistency, you should avoid this dish. It is worth giving a try because there are beautiful chunks of artichoke and bite size pieces of zucchini. It comes with a decent chunk of foccacia. The bread is salty and the butter on it is just overkill. We also got the conservative sandwich. Now that is worth every cent, because I could not find anything wrong with it. Who does not love a sandwich consisting of a thick slice of meatloaf, caramelized onions, house-made ketchup and bread grilled crispy panini-style? The answer is certainly not I. For some, the bread might be too tough, but the initial crunch is what makes it for me. No trip to Layers is complete without a few baked goods. Looking at my past check ins, I frequent bakeries as often as I do the gym. Layers makes the best lemon bars. The crust is superb. It has definitive crunch to it that resembles a shortbread cookie. The lemon filling is phenomenal, possessing a nice tartness to contrast the powder sugar that graces the top. We also got a raspberry, white chocolate bar.  They can do no wrong.
4	This place is adorable and conveniently located next to my mothership, Target! I've been here twice after a Target run and I'm getting dangerously close to making stops at Layers a post-shopping habit. There's plentiful seating, but the space can get packed around lunch time, so if you don't want to stay you can get your order to go. All of the treats are on display in glass cases and they have a great variety of baked goods including cookies, cake, pies, bread and other sweet treats which they make with as many organic/naturally based ingredients as possible. I've only had two things here-the Tiramisu cup and one of the sandwiches (can't remember the name). Tiramisu can be a terrifyingly rich dessert, but the mini cups they have here give you just the right amount of espresso-soaked goodness. My only complaint was the chocolate shell on top which isn't a characteristic of traditional tiramisu, however the overall flavor was great and perfect serving size was key.On my second visit I had a hot sandwich with cheddar, bacon and chicken and wasn't impressed but wasn't displeased. It just kind of fell flat to me and was a little heavy for my taste. The bread it was on however was very tasty (it was some type of molasses bread) and I'm going see if they sell that by the loaf next time I'm in because that would make a great breakfast toast! They have a small but sturdy variety of salads, soups, and sandwiches on the menu and they offer a small selection of craft beers and a little known wine brand called Bear Flag (my knowledge of this brand comes from the website Look at this F$&*ing Hipster....). The staff is friendly and enthusiastic and take pride in making quality, good for your soul food. This place is great for kids, small groups or for those who want to have a quiet solo date with a book during their off hours (see: the few hours between the breakfast and lunch rush and lunch and dinner rush).
5	Wish I could go more often, but I don't need the calories or the strain on my budget. Definitely give them a try. Absolutly delicious. What is? All of it. The ooey gooey butter bars are my favorite, unless they have their boston cream pie on offer! It is amazing.
5	I don't have a single negative thing to say about Layers. Their sweets are made for an adult palate; nothing is sickeningly sweet and there's an element of complexity in even the most basic chocolate chip cookie. That isn't to say that everything is overwrought and pretentious, because it isn't; everything just tastes GOOD and delightful.Admittedly, I was a little worried when they expanded their menu beyond sweets, but one bite of their figgy flatbread and all meat chili sold me completely. In addition to exceptional cakes, cookies and pastries, Layers has also managed to master all three meals. Bravo!
4	Had an excellent lunch here the other day (a spinach strawberry balsamic salad with roast beef sandwich). The food was top notch, and in my opinion better than Panera Bread, which this seems to be emulating. However, the decor of the bakery was lacking, and the selection of lunch items was relatively small. If I recall, there were only 3 sandwiches on the menu.Still, I look forward to returning in the future at some point and having trying out the other items!
4	Nice decor. The chilly and corn bread is off the hook.
1	yes i do believe in giving a place a second chance, so i went in to layers with my nephew to get him a cookie and i got one. after we finished our cookies i did get a dozen cookies to go, the dozen did cost around 21 bucks so not the cheapest cookies but hay they were good. i do have to say their pastries are good even though their customer service and lunch options bite. i was actually not going to write this review and was going to continue stopping in for pastries but after the rude comment the owner themselves left on my last review i was prompted to make it knows that i will NOT ever set foot in the place again. the fact that they cant take simple criticism and respond to it childish and rudely is very sad. the fact is the place ain't worth a penny you drop at the place. LEARN SOME MANNERS
5	Layers is THE BEST bakery in Las Vegas, guaranteed.  Better than Freed's, better than Dainty Cakes, or any of the other 10 cupcakery bakeries I've tried in this town.  I would say it's even slightly better than Bouchon.  I would even go as far to say this place would put up a fight in gastronomic cities like San Francisco, New York, Chicago and Seattle.  Being from SF, I would give this place 6 stars to let people know it's better than all the other mediocre 4 star bakeries around here.It is very evident the owner works hard to maintain quality.  And it definitely can be tasted in his work.
3	Let me begin by saying this was my favorite bakery of all time.I could not wait for the new location to open. my fave were the chocolate crinkle cookies, oh the chocolate goodness.but I was disappointed they were not the same cookies I remembered, not enough chocolate just not the same cookie so I thought I will go back again maybe a bad day. nope they are not the same.
2	We bought a 6" yellow cake with oreo filling. The cake was dry and the frosting tasted like crisco & powdered sugar! My 2 1/2 year old didnt even eat it (and she is a seet hound)! Honestly, I could have made a better cake myself.
5	This place smells heavenly when you open the door and get a whiff of sweet and savory goodness wafting through the air when you walk in.It's always busy but the staff is always good at acknowledging their customers and keeping up with the crowd and patient since I can never make up my mind on what dessert to get since there are so many good treats to choose from.My favorite desserts are well...all of them!  The Godzilla bars with chocolate and peanut butter is a must try and so are the Tiramisu cups.. and the Lemon Strawberry loaves, so rich and soo good! My husband says their Ginger Molasses cookies are the best he's ever tasted!  The perfect balance of sugar and spice, oh so nice!Love the food menu as well.  Savory Pot pies my fave comfort food.  The sandwiches are a standout from other places Ive been to.  My fave were the Liberal and the Conservative.  I noticed when I came by to pick up some desserts they have a new menu out for the season.  Im looking forward to trying the new sandwiches especially the Kickin Cow with roast beef, havarti cheese, horseradish sauce made in house on rye..that sounds so good! Layers knows how to keep their customers coming back for more!!
3	We recently stopped in here after a Target run. The bakery is decorated really nice! There were lots of samples of various baked goods and granola to try. My kids and I tried them all and everything was pretty good.  My girls weren't as excited about the granola as I was. I got a mini chocolate cheese cake. It was very rich, the tiny portion was actually enough for 2 deserts for me. It was everything a chocolate cheesecake should be, but nothing out of this world. I had trouble finding cookies that would appeal to my young kids. I got them what I think was a shortbread cookie with chocolate on it. Decorated very pretty and very, very good. We didn't order lunch but the menu looked yummy and I will definitely give it a try. All in all, this place is good, but still doesn't compare to Freeds. It's perfect to stop in after a shopping trip at Target, but I don't think I would drive all the way over there just for the bakery. I would suggest a better selection of cookies to appeal to moms with little kids. I wanted to pick up a dozen cookies to bring home, but couldn't see enough that the kids would like.
5	im from san francisco and the party we had was at henderson. I emailed and the owner itself responded right away I order via email and called to pay! The best cake I ever tasted we ordered GOLDEN NUGGET FORTUNE CAKE. The cake was gone in minutes! and was worth the every penny.
4	What a cute lunch spot! My sis-in-law took me here a few weeks ago after we got our nails done - a perfect end to a girl's afternoon! She had found it on Yelp (nice work, sis!) and wanted to try it. I'm never one to turn down food, especially if sweets are on the menu, so off we went.It must be noted that the decor is awfully adorable. Clean, bright colors and comfy seats. Plus, I noticed that they have plugs conveniently located under the booths so people can plug in and work from their laptops. The lunch menu is a combination of sandwiches and soups, all of which sounded extremely delicious. I ordered a combo, with 1/2 chicken salad and 1/2 California salad. My s-i-l did the chicken salad and a salad as well. Not only did the food come out quickly, it was delicious! Granted, I had barely eaten all day and was on the verge of eating my own fingernails, however, I would still venture to say that this is one of the best chicken salad sandwiches that I've had in a long time! And the salad had the perfect lettuce:toppings ratio. I definitely ate the entire plate in about 2 minutes... And of course there was room for dessert. There's *always* room for dessert in my world! We tried the whoopie pie and a cupcake. The whoopie pie was sooooo good! Just like a homemade ice cream cookie concoction should taste. The cupcake? Not so much. The icing was thick, hard and not for me, although the cake itself was moist and flavorful. My only complaint is that it was FREEZING inside! Granted, I'm coming from the SF Bay area, where we rarely need or use A/C. But still, they were blasting it inside like there was no tomorrow. I had goosebumps the entire meal. But besides that, I really, really enjoyed myself here. Might be tempted to come back and have a wino lunch (they sell by the glass or bottle here) on a return visit to Vegas.
5	Wow Everything here is amazing! From the Customer service to every last bite of the breads! Try the veggie bake and don't miss the frozen hot chocolate with marsh-mellows!
5	I continue to go to Layers when I am on that side of town. Love the Melted Mess and cannot live without  the home made Cherry jam. Decided to have the PBJ.....(which is a perfect kid friendly sandwich, I might add so don't get what the reviewer below was saying about lack of kid choices). I LOVED it and it hit the spot. The dining room has plenty of seating and is really upbeat and inviting. Their coffee is really good...and I am a coffee snob!
1	I have been to Layers in their old location and found them to be just ok.  The baked goods were good but I found the owner to be pretentious and distant.  I haven't tried any of their new menu items so I really can't comment on their expanded menu.  I have to say even if the offerings were the best I had ever tasted I would struggle to continue to give them my business.  First of all I must admit I was completely turned off by the female owner when I encountered her at an auto repair shop on Boulder Hwy shortly before their new location opened.  She announced to the waiting room that she was going to use this space as her "office" and then proceeded to subject me to her phone calls for over an hour.If that weren't enough I am thoroughly disturbed by their replies to some of the less than glowing reviews on here.  Reinforcing their reputation for being pretentious and now even rude given their response to "Christopher B".Product is a large part of a business, obviously, but so is service.  How you conduct yourself in person or online also reflects upon your business.
5	For our wedding reception, Layers Bakery provided us with very tasty, fresh cake for a reasonable price. They were also nice and easy to work with; they delivered the cakes to our venue as part of the cost. We had no problems whatsoever, and would be happy to suggest their services to anyone looking for yummy cake. I hope to eat their cake the next time I'm in Vegas and/or Henderson, NV; it is some of the best cake I've ever tasted. Thanks!
5	YUM - the best treats & bread....and the lunch items are great too.
4	Such an adorable place! So bright and clean. I tried their Jive Turkey sandwich as well as their tomato, garlic and basil soup. Since I did the half sandwich and cup of soup combo, I wasn't able to have it toasted. So sad... The sandwich was very good, the soup not so much. I should have just ordered the whole sandwich and had it grilled. Oh well, now I know!My boyfriend ordered the Jive Turkey sandwich and had it toasted. It was SO much better! He also ordered a Puff Doggy with their homemade cheese sauce and it was delicious as well. The pastry was so flaky and light. You just have to make sure to have patience while they make it. Everyone in our group had their food for awhile before the delicious doggy was done. I think it was worth the wait though!Next time I will make sure to save room for some dessert. Their sweets looked amazing!
5	this is my favorite lunch time spot!  the staff is really friendly when i pick up my food.  i absolutely love their jive turkey and the puffy doggy
1	German Chocolate Cake shopping - Review #1:We just moved here a few months ago so we're still getting to know the area.  I went in to Layers to shop for birthday cakes for my husband and I.  The bakery we left back in Sw WA was phenomenal.  He loves Angel Food and my fave is German Chocolate so when I asked I was surprised to find out by the early snarky twenty-something working the counter that I could make angel food myself and that "German chocolate is like so out-of-season-omg, ya know?  We don't make that 'til Fall."  Well, don't I feel silly for even asking?!?  Even if an item is not available, there is a minimal amount of professionalism I expect...
5	Love Layer's! Always great fresh food & friendly environment! Great espresso's and other beverage choices including wine & beer! Their Olive Oil & Rosemary bread is my favorite!
5	Layers is THE BEST bakery in Las Vegas,that I have had to date. I agree, Its better than Freed's, better than Dainty Cakes, its just really really good. I enjoy their sandwiches and protien smoothies.They could revisit the sticky bun recipe. But, other than that I enjoy the cute cafe, the service, and the food.
3	Let me start by saying that I LOVE the food and flavor combinations at Layers. Also on the fabulous list is that it's organic :). I have been a fan since this new location opened. However, (and this is why I rated only 3 stars, they used to be 5 in my book) I have been disappointed the last few visits. The baked goods remain awesome, but the "kitchen" food isn't as amazing these days. Last time, the pasta has far too much oil which knocked off the entire dish. This time I went for the meatloaf sandwich, The Conservative, and while the flavor combo of yummy meatloaf and carmelized onions snuggled together in a panini were a hit - the presentation was a mess. The bread was so broken and soggy that it really had no business being called a sandwich because I could not pick it up. Had to eat with a fork and knife. I've had this sandwich, or a similar one in the past (when the store opened) and had much more success in getting it from the plate to my mouth in a ladylike fashion.  Maybe the bread was different?  Possibly the chef was different?  Something has changed....To clarify, I would not discourage anyone from ordering anything off the menu, but I just know that Layers can do better than I have recently experienced.  I hope that they will strive for their best because they are one of my favorites!
5	An organic oasis in a food desert!I came from Colorado where people value fresh, organic ingredients, high quality food etc. The food in Vegas is generally over-prepared in excessively large portions, nevermind organic, fresh, or whole food ingredients.This place stands out from the norm in this city. Delicious salads and soups. Try the breakfast soup! Additionally, they have a good selection of gluten-free options which are noted on their menu. The obvious is they have delicious baked goods.When you order food here you definitely get the sense that each item is prepared with care.
5	I needed a cake for the wedding. After reading the yelp reviews, more importantly, the responses from the owners (love it when people call out others on their BS), I knew I had to check this place out.My fiance and I walked in and we told an employee we needed a wedding cake. Right away we met, with whom I'm assuming, was a manager and she got right down to business. She went over all of options, asked about colors and motifs, told us about the types of cakes, inquired about what size we would need and didn't try to up-sell us, and scheduled a tasting three days later with another employee who would be making the cake.The tasting appointment came and again we were met with very professional service. She told us what each sample was along with some other facts about each flavor. We were given plenty of alone time to taste, talk and make up our minds. We went with a two later, 6" and 8". Tiramisu for 6" and a classic vanilla with a lemon curd center for the 8". Enough for 25 people.Then we went over styling and were shown pictures of cakes they have already done.  Again, there was no up-sell and when we originally picked out  a cake that had some extra decorating costs we were told immediately and went with a simpler design that matched our wedding motif perfectly.I gave them the information and phone numbers for the restaurant were the reception was being held and that was that! On our wedding day we were greeted by a beautiful cake that everyone absolutely loved.
5	The stars are for the food.Zero stars for the owners. Why do you have to be so unpleasant? You are in the service industry remember? If you are trying to be funny stick to baking.
2	This place is ok, the two people they had working on the food order side preparing the food were not the best they have ever had.  Everything we had on this visit was over cooked and not very tasty, a huge disappointment this time.We probably will go back, but they have to get the people they normally have back there preparing the food otherwise this will not be a place we frequent for a meal.  Normally we don't leave without ordering other items to go as for a bakery they do have some pretty good items, however, most if not all have cinnamon in their items which is a bad point for me.
2	I really wanted to love this place. But I didn't. I went at the end of the day and got a couple of baked goods. Maybe its because it was end of day and stuff just wasn't fresh. But it also wasn't flavorful. And it was very pricey. I went back a second time, because like I said, I really wanted to love it. But again, I did not. This time I ordered a pasta lunch dish that sounded yums. It was ok, but very much on the bland side. For the price I paid, I could have made bland food at home. I go out because I am not great at putting meals together, though given how much I eat out I know how to appreciate a well prepared meal. It may have been organic, but it just wasn't good. I am not going to spend so much money on them again. Side note, their pastries cost way too much. Maybe on the Strip you can charge that much - but for tasteless pastries, no way.I did dig the decor, and the service was fine.
5	I frequent Layers... as I live literally right down the street. I am mostly in love with the bread puddings and daily fresh breads (rosemary & olive oil is my favorite). ... Their prepared meals are also pretty delicious. I can't say that I've not liked anything so far.  The customer service is usually "OK", and not as personal as it was at the old location, but I am still happy to help out a non-chain in this city of chain "everything"!
1	Okay, so we ordered our holiday pies from Layers for a change of pace this season.  Lets just say that both pies found their way to our trashcan by Thanksgiving night with only a few slices missing from them.  First off I want to congratulate the Layers bakers, they somehow found a way to make the WORST apple and pumpkin pies I have ever had. The apple pie was a sugar overload and so sweet that my uncle was concerned enough to google "sugar overdose" just in case there could be casualties. Look, even the pocket apple pies at 7/11 are better than the product from Layers.    The pumpkin pie (not as bad as the apple), but still a nightmare.  It came as a mousse/whipped pie and just lacked flavor of the pumpkin.  If you are not going to sell "traditional" style pies at least warn your patrons.  This isn't iron chef where you turn sardines into an ice cream.  To top it all off, my wife just served me with papers because I made her mother,  my mother in law camp out at Marie Calendars Thanksgiving night to grab a pie as soon as they opened the next morning instead of partaking in the mob of Black Friday.  Can you blame her though?  There she was donning her tactical ballistic vest for the festivities and my wife had to break the news to the grandmother of my children that she would not be arm wrestling anyone for a $15 video game because Layers screwed up our holiday feast.
5	I LOVE LAYERS!I've been enjoying Layers Bakery Cafe since 2009 when it was just a bakery. I cannot tell you how much of a fanatic of this place I am. Everything I have ever tried (which, honestly, is about everything) I've fallen in love with.In my family, it's turned into a tradition to buy our birthday cakes from Layers. It's literally like an extra present to unwrap! My family's addiction has gotten so bad that now we use Mother's Day, Father's Day, Valentine's Day, and everything in between as an excuse to indulge ourselves in the most scrumptious desserts we've ever had. I was so excited when I heard they were opening a cafe. Their desserts are life changing so I couldn't have even imagined how amazing their food could be. So far, everything I've ordered has been absolutely delicious! I think my faves so far are The Melting Mess and their fantastic No Bean Chili. Seriously, you've got to try them!This past Thanksgiving, we ordered a pumpkin pie from Layers for the first time and I can honestly say that this pumpkin pie was the best I've had in a loooong time. It was devoured in a few hours and was one of the highlights of my family's Thanksgiving...so heavenly! I have gotten nothing but outstanding service even when they are ridiculously busy. The owners and some of the employees recognize me and start up friendly conversation which I always look forward to. The employees always seem so happy and the environment is very upbeat and cheerful. I'm instantly in a better mood as soon as I walk into Layers...I couldn't be happier with their service! Bottom line is, if you haven't tried Layers you NEED to! If you've tried it but weren't crazy about it, give it a second chance cause there's something amazing there for everybody. Oh, and definitely try their hot chocolate with their homemade marshmallows...IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE!
2	Food is so so, slightly expensive but not too bad beyond that....and if you buy something you can use their internet, and is certainly a great place to hang out and lounge around for 30 minutes or so.   so on this aspect i'd give layers a 4.5 stars.  What what really brings the rating down on this store is this really nasty employee named Beth.  in a 2 month period saw her 2 times.  She was nasty cold, and lectured me on their store policies (because one time i didnt know you had to buy something to use the internet and not to bring in my subway in the same structure).  I honestly felt so unwelcome as if i didnt even belong being there regardless of using the internet or bringing in my subway sandwich.  If you can get away with not being there while she's on duty at work...that does make a 1-2 star store into a 4-5 star cafe.    Because she currently (of all things) is holding back the store.
5	I haven't had everything here, but what I have had, has been excellent.  The coffee was great, the savory turnover was delicious, and the baked to order chicken pot pie was amazing.  But the best thing I've had here so far, has been the chili..  NOW HOLD ON JUST A MINUTE!!!!  I'm not crazy...  That's right I did say chili!  Normally, I would not order chili from a bakery.  I'd have to be loony... or with my wife.  She is notorious for ordering things at a place where it just doesn't seem right...  Like we can go to an Mexican restaurant and she'll order a cheeseburger.  Okay, it's not that bad, but you get the idea.  Anyways back to the chili...  it really is some of the best I've ever had.  If you don't believe me, ask them for a sample, taste and decide for yourself.  .
2	Food is so so, slightly expensive but not too bad beyond that....and if you buy something you can use their internet, and is certainly a great place to hang out and lounge around for 30 minutes or so.   so on this aspect i'd give layers a 4.5 stars.  What what really brings the rating down on this store is this really nasty employee named Beth.  in a 2 month period saw her 2 times.  She was nasty cold, and lectured me on their store policies (because one time i didnt know you had to buy something to use the internet and not to bring in my subway in the same structure).  I honestly felt so unwelcome as if i didnt even belong being there regardless of using the internet or bringing in my subway sandwich.  If you can get away with not being there while she's on duty at work...that does make a 1-2 star store into a 4-5 star cafe.    Because she currently (of all things) is holding back the store. And my reply to Greg's concern.  After i was told to buy something to use the internet i have done so and that was the second time i've been to layers.   and after i was told not to bring my sandwich into the cafe, i have done so and that was after 2 months at this point with the sandwich.   I have completely complied with their requests.  Nothing ignored.  Yet again, this wouldnt be the first time that the owner completely missed the point of my concern, a bad employee who has no customer service skills.
1	Not great....In fact, I can't understand  the glowing reviews of this location.  Perhaps, as the owners so charmingly posted in a previous review, I just "don't get it".  I thought that the rather "charming" experience I had at Layers was simply the result of the owner or employee having a bad day but now I can see it is just part of the culture of this company. I came to this location with my child, who is rather rambunctious I can attest...but who was treated a bit more like he had some kind of airborne disease.  A look at their website will show you the kind of attitude that they seem to have towards the family oriented customer.  What's the charm in a place that treats its customers poorly?  I cannot believe that you suggested that a customer bring back their child's cake so that you could tell them what was wrong with it...or more accurately I imagine that you would tell them what was wrong with "them".  Not friendly, not spectacular food and horrible customer service skills.
4	Yay for locally-owned businesses, especially bakeries!I love love love sweets, especially baked goods, so I decided that would be the perfect thing to give up for the Lenten season. In preparation for abstaining from cookies, cakes, donuts, pies, and ice cream for 40 days, my sister and I threw ourselves a 3-day Fat Tuesday bash. I knew Layers was voted Best of Las Vegas, so I figured this would be the perfect time to experience their bakery side.In anticipation of an exciting visit like this, I went ahead and scoped out their Yelp reviews to make sure I got all the best stuff. A lot of it had to do with the actual food and the table bussing, but I can't comment on those because we didn't eat. I WAS a little turned-off by the snarky comments posted by the owner in response to some of the less-than-glowing reviews, but we were in this in the name of research!The day we went in, they only had a few (non-gluten-free....gluten-full? glutened?) cookies out, but they had many different types of dessert bars. We tried all the cookies and almost all the bars. Delicious. Some of my faves were the pumpkin cheesecake bar, caramelita, white chocolate strawberry, and grizzle something. The molasses cookie was a little on the bland side, but the chocolate chip, peanut butter, and peanut butter puddle were all good. I have fond memories of making Linzer cookies with my mom and wanted to try Layers' Linzer tartlet, but at $4.50, thought it a little high.Overall, I thought the baked goods were excellent. The inside of the shop is cute. It's locally-owned. They use organic ingredients. But they do not get five stars because of the price ($1.75/cookie, $2.25/bar, no quantity or box discount that I know of). Normally, I would leave it at that, but Greg and Jeanne are careful to mention they want to keep costs down (hence the self-bussing) in their many comments on this page, and they even ask you to use cash instead of credit via a sign at the register. All that self-righteousness seems a little out of place, considering these are the highest prices of any LV bakery I've visited thus far.Bottom line: great desserts. Expect to pay for it.
3	I came here looking for a special birthday cake for my dad, who traveled for about 10-hrs to my place.  The staff was super friendly and took the time to explain the options and give recommendations.  So I decided to go with the German Chocolate Cake; sadly I wasn't impressed, especially for the price I paid.The Breakfast wrap with turkey sausage and spicy veggies was delicious.  Nice decor.
4	I can't speak to all of the negative comments on the service because my wife picked up my birthday cake for me.  Let me tell you, it was one of the best cakes I've ever had.  I'll go on record and say that I'm a Pie Guy.  I don't really care much for cake but she surprised me with this so I had to eat some.  It was a Banana Bread type of Cake with Peanut Butter Filling and the most delicious Chocolate Frosting ever.  I had a few pieces and it was worth the extra workouts to burn off the calories.  I'd be very interested to go back here and have a little breakfast.  My wife said it was very cute and I'm curious about the service after reading some of the negative comments.  I hope it's not true because, as I said, this Cake was amazing.
3	I really wanted to like this place, but there are too many negatives to give this place more than three stars. On a positive note, their baked goods are phenomenal. I've tried all their bars, and they were excellent. However, on the negative side, as noted in some of the other comments, customer service is definitely lacking.  The owners of this establishment should send Brittney to customer service training. Because its definitely a skill she hasn't mastered.  Another pet peeve, is charging a $1 for ice tea refills. Really, I'm paying almost $3 for a large ice tea, which really isn't that large, then you charge an extra $1 for a refill?  I've had their breakfast turnovers and their hummus plate. Prices for breakfast and lunch items are way too high for the small portions you receive.
5	I had a great gf savory scone and the gf ham & choke bake today (although I ordered the one without ham) -- anyway, both were delicious and while service is slow, I really liked it.  One suggestion:  why call my order by number?  It's such a small place and your tag line is that 'you're keeping it real' - so call me by my name...Get to know me.  I'm not a number.  And I'd like to feel like you appreciate my business... Since you've gone to so much trouble to make your bakery cafe feel special, make sure your service is as special as the decor.
3	I went here for breakfast on a Sunday late morning and found it just okay.  The menu offered a kind of weird choice of completely non-traditional breakfast items, which in and of itself could be great...but something seemed to be lacking in terms of flavor in both their Breakfast Panini+Ham and the French Toast w/berries.  The menu had a distinct "health food" bent, which may appeal to some.The staff was professional and courteous, the restaurant was clean and the A/C was working great (important when it was 100F outside!)The price was on par with a sit down restaurant, although you order at the counter.I'd probably have to think long and hard before coming back simply because there are quite a few better alternatives...but it could happen.
3	I'll keep this short and sweet. Nothing really stood out to me about Layers. If you're a cupcake fiend like me you'll be sorely disappointed since cupcake options are limited. There's a ton of cookies so I opted for the peanut butter and chocolate. It was good, but nothing amazing. I would probably give this place a 4, but my berry muffin was a huge disappointment. I went there around 1pm and was dismayed to note that my muffin was already dry and crumbly. Not sure if I'd want to return to Layers for more baked goods..
1	Pricey cupcakes, beyond underwhelming.There wasn't much out, so ordered a simple chocolate cupcake and they couldn't even get that right. I've baked better at home.
1	Never said I went on 8/2... Just posted my review that day. (: Yes, they did try to follow up after I posted my opinion, but if you have a low quality product as it is, then I'm not sure how one can make it up to the customer? Coupons? A discount? I clearly don't plan to return. Layers Bakery's rude reply to mine and others' honest reviews of their product completely validates the dozen reviews that complain about their poor customer service and terrible employee attitudes. Well, glad I could rate you guys again! Tootles!
5	Pastry treats & a sumptuous, savory bacon cheeseburger bread pudding are a very pleasant way to enjoy a leisurely morning.  I ordered the items to go, and appreciated Greg's advice on how to heat the Heart of Darkness and bread pudding - they came out great!The many berry muffin was excellent - moist & yet slightly crumbly is a difficult texture to master & this was perfect.  My favorite is the Linzer tart, but I have to say the almond strawberry is giving it some competition.Another enjoyable experience, thank you!
5	I frequent this establishment several times a week for almost a year. I love the staff. They are very accommodating and fun. They know who you are and what you are having. It's a perfect neighborhood bakery. The place a kept clean and tidy. I love their mixed berry muffin. Omg those things are dangerous. All in all I love this place and it's a true pleasure to have them in the neighborhood.
5	This great local spot has a great deal of food items from the traditional bakery goods such as cakes, cookies, sweets, pastries, etc. to specialty coffee and smoothie drinks. They also have several tasty breakfast and lunch items that include soups, sandwhiches, and salads. All are uniquely designed with ingredients you probably have not thought to combine but turn out amazing. You will not be able to find them elswhere. The decor is very clean and cool and the staff is always very friendly and fast. I'm not sure about some of these reviews below but I recommend this place to everyone!
5	Layers is the best neighborhood bakery here in Henderson/Green Valley Ranch! Greg and his folks do an outstanding job! His attitude and personality really show in the quality of their products. I imagine most of these employees come in pretty early to get things ready, and I have never seen a poor attitude in any of them. I come here fairly often, and I would recommend the coffee, which I think is roasted by Colorado River Roasters out of Boulder City. Any of the pastries are excellent- You can tell they are made with quality ingredients, and the couple of cakes I have had here were great. Keep up the great work Greg and family!
5	Everything is amazing - the food, the service, the atmosphere, the deals.  Sconewich and "bakes" (quiches without the crust) are great savory items.  The blueberry bar thing is my favorite sweet item.  Still need to try the root beer cake.
2	Holy cow, was that coffee the worst we've had in Henderson, NV thus far. Honestly, clean your filter, for God's sake! It tasted as if it had 3-month old coffee grinds still in our coffee. I had a cappuccino, my mother had some sort of exciting latte with sugar free flavoring. Really basic stuff, and immediately afterward (we couldn't even finish our coffee it was so terrible), we had to run and get coffee from the Starbucks inside the Target right next door. Alas, we've been searching for our new coffee "spot" since moving to Henderson last week. Something local, not a chain, and with great coffee. Harder to find than you'd think!Anywho, I suppose Mom was feeling adventurous because she ordered a "breakfast soup," which was pretty weird and gross. Scrambled eggs and spinach floating in an over-ly oregano-ed vegetable or chicken broth. You could smell the Oregano before you even tasted this strange concoction. I had a much more basic and predictable crustless quiche - the flavor was supposedly artichoke, goat cheese and garlic. When you tried to take a bite, there were potatoes in the bottom. Unexpected, but that's not the issue. This item was soupy as all hell, we're talking runny quiche here. As gross as that sounds, and as gross as it was, I tried my best to finish the dish. While we will NOT be making this our new coffee spot, it does seem like we could have ordered the wrong items. Definitely go for the baked goods when you're here, because those don't seem to have any obvious problems. The place is clean, the decor is really cute, the booths are brand new and I love the colors. I wanted to like Layers, but if it's going to be a coffee spot for us, they just haven't hit the mark. Preparing for Layer's backlash response to this review in 3...2....1....
5	Tried some new items couple months ago and loved the salad & Frozen Hot Chocolate. So here I am back for more! Walked in and it was nice to see the familiar friendly staff is still here. Very cool they still recognize me even if I havent been there for a couple months. If you're health conscious like I am now you'll appreciate that the ingredients that go into their foods are natural and organic. The house salad I had was crisp and had some of my favorites; bacon, cantaloupe, walnuts, and Gorgonzola cheese! Real refreshing!  Their lunch special included the salad and a savory turnover. It had mushrooms and red peppers in a puff pastry.  All made from scratch. Wait time was about 10 minutes for my meal. The portion was perfect size for me, especially since I'm (sort of) watching my calorie intake.   I blew it though when I ordered the frozen hot chocolate! I couldn't resist! Bits of marshmallows in every sip!  After the first time I had it, I knew that it would be my weakness. Oh well! Once in a while wont hurt, If you check in on Yelp, you got a free cookie when you order a lunch entree.  Savory turnover, yummy salad, icy chocolaty drink and a cookie... Now that's what I call a Happy Meal!
5	My girls and I stopped in for an afternoon snack and what a great place.  I did not realize that this was a very trendy and fun cafe with wonderful Gluten Free choices.  I will be back to have lunch soon!
5	Super rica comida. El bbc es delicioso y el ambiente es perfecto. Tranquilo, buena musica, buen ambiente en general.
5	Gluten free options. Organically focused. Still on my "roll" of 2012 gluten free goodness while on the road out of good old KC, I was pointed to Layers Bakery Cafe by a dear friend who used to live in Kansas City.  She now resides in Henderson, NV, and recommended this place I believe mainly because it was near where she works, & we were meeting her at work.Little did I know that I was about to walk into another place where I could literally order almost everything on the entire menu. This INCLUDED an Ace Pumpkin Pear Cider.  I guess that was an acceptable drink to have with a gluten free pot pie for lunch, right?My only challenge was selecting something, since there were so many options.  They had a very complete menu.  Regardless of if you are wanting breakfast/brunch or lunch, you could find something appetizing.  I have to add that I want to go back for breakfast because they have gluten free QUICHE, paninis, and french toast.  Sigh.  I miss quiche. Their soup, salad, and sandwich combinations were abundant. I even spied Chili with gluten free cornbread.  I think it would take me a very long time to order everything off the menu.  So for a person without food intolerances, it would take even longer.  They have great options regardless of your dietary preferences.This place has a great business model, a gorgeous color scheme, with very calming and happy colors (lime green - yay!) throughout the space.  Even the women's bathroom was adorable.So while I was absorbing the environment and the menu, I learned that the staff was also extremely patient and helpful.  This is a walk up and order, then they call your number place.  But while we were waiting, I had a chance to peruse the baked goods, which included a gluten free /vegan cookie that I eventually ordered after finishing my lunch.  I enjoyed reading about Layers on the table top tent thingy ; especially the no artificial ingredients, no preservatives, AND my favorite part was that Layers stated they are "Supporters of active parenting. Please accompany your small children to the restroom".Overall, we had a great experience here, and while I don't really have any plans to go back to Henderson, I can't help but try to find an excuse to visit Layers again.  It was that good.
5	Absolutely amazing!!!
4	Haven't been here in a while but as the weather gets cold my "all time favorite no one can top Layers Hot Chocolate with extra chocolate" starts calling me back.....One sip of that hot chocolate is all I need to put a smile on my face - so damn good especially while washing down a few of their Orange Zest mini cakes.We tried a few of their breakfast items - the kid and the BF each had the Croissant breakfast sandwich with egg and cheese accompanied with breakfast potatoes....The kid who almost eats nothing loved it and to my surprise finished it all....I had the scone with scrambled eggs and breakfast potatoes....it was good but I prefer the croissant sandwich and I do wish they would give more breakfast potatoes...Items that I still luv and that never disappoint : Smores Pie,Strawberry/Lemon Loaf,Butter Bar,blueberry scone,carmalized onion/goat cheese scone,orange zest mini cakes,peanut butter chocolate puddle cookie, hot chocolate,frozen hot chocolate.LAYERS IS STILL HANDS DOWN - YUMMY!!!!!
4	I love the sandwich and salad lunch combo! Half a sandwich and a side salad.. plenty of food and so yummy! I got the turkey sandwich. It was fabulous and filling. They have a delicious looking case of cupcakes and pastries, too. Also, the ambiance is very "california".. cheery, happy, healthy, and bright. Great little spot!
5	This morning my wife and I grabbed a quick bit to eat.I had the Breakfast soup and mocha to go.Great service and great food. It was really busy. While eating i notice that several people ordered the breakfast soup.Give it a try.
4	Yum!First things first, they have a check-in offer for a free small coffee. Are they psychic and knew that I needed caffeine sustenance?! It was such a pleasant surprise. I thought about getting a lunch, but I wasn't super hungry, so I opted for a delicious dessert instead. I ordered a gooey butter cake, and it was tasty. However, I like my gooey butter cakes to be a bit more, well, gooey. This one almost had a crunchy crust. It was still super good and I'd be willing to try the bakery again, but my preference for texture just didn't find the gooey butter cake perfect.I also tried a little sample of the whoopie pie. Yummy! I always like these grown-up Oreos (though who are we kidding, I really like Oreos still as an adult). The place is decorated in a style that makes you think you are not in Henderson or Vegas, which is a refreshing change. I'll come back and try some more sugary sweet treats!
5	Meaty, tasty chili with two buttery corn bread slices. Flavorful ice tea. Flaky pastries. This blows Panera out of the water.
5	My wife and I head over here for lunch pretty often and in addition to awesome service from the owners and their staff, the food is killer. My wife's favorite is the BCB while I'm a fan of the Bacon and Fig flatbread (gluten-free), though everything we've had has been dynamite. They're organic/health conscious which makes for a great mid-day food option.
4	A great place for Lunch... their product is top quality, and you'll have to shell out a hefty coin for the meal.. but it is worth it.
5	Nice people! Great service! Super yummy goodies!!! And an awesome checkin deal - perfect to beat the heat! Their whoopie pies are memorable!
5	I am pleasently surprised and impressed by the owners of Layers Bakery. I had a bit of an issue with some things and not only did they apologize and were humble about the entire situation they wanted to make it up! With service and kindness like that this is the only Bakery/Cafe that will have my business. I had an issue with another vegan/gluten-free/organic cafe in town and the owner/ manager did not handle the situation in half of the manner that the owners of Layers Bakery Cafe Have. If you want a quiet, healthy place to eat/drink or fulfill your sweet tooth go to Layers Bakery Cafe. Service is everything and Layers Bakery Cafe has showed me they CARE about their customers.  I will continue to support Layers Bakery, a local family owned business in Henderson, NV. P.S They have Delicious desserts and offer Gluten Free, Vegan, and Organic options.
5	Layers is my favorite lunch or goody spot in the valley.  Their gluten-free offerings are the stuff of legends!  All soups are gluten-free, and they make gf versions of most sandwiches and several cakes.  For my birthday, I had the gf No Mellow Yellow cake.  Friends who don't have gluten intolerance were commenting on how delicious the cake was.  "I can't tell that this is gluten free!" was what  I heard over and over again.  Once again, Layers, you have knocked it out of the park!
5	Wow! I was sullenly journeying into the new territory of gluten free in an attempt to address some health issues. Wow! Their GF vanilla cupcake was way moister than the last time I went to Gigi's for a non gluten counterpart. Layers' GF cupcake is rich and creamy for the fudge frosting and plenty of vanilla goodness in the cupcake part. I also tried the GF vanilla cheesecake with a walnut crust. Way yummy. The rest of the menu looked great and I look forward to trying the GF chili GF chicken pot pie and GF quiche. Nice staff, very helpful and I like that they are not a chain. Coffee with yelp check in, tasted fine to me! I'll be back.
5	Keeping it real.That's what their sign says as you enter their parking lot from the corner of Green Valley Parkway & Horizon. After multiple visits to this wonderfully cute bakery, I'm now convinced they are doing just that, keeping it real yummy!Layers is a mom & pops bakery, serving made-from scratch comfort goodies. They use all-natural ingredients in every cookie, cake, quiche, salad, sandwich and loaf of bread.  All our dairy, fruits, vegetables, nuts, meats and cheeses are organic, and their menus change seasonally.Why do I love Layers?- They'll modify their menu items upon request to fit any dietary need. Allergic to nuts, gluten-free, no soy? No problem.- Great bakery selections. Cupcakes, brownies, cheesecakes, pastries, etc. So many delicious looking goodies!- Custom cakes. Good flavors, some can even be made gluten-free. I ordered a carrot cake for a birthday. Hands down, the BEST CARROT CAKE I EVER HAD. And I've had a lot!- Great service. All employees have been very helpful, friendly, efficient, and most of all, smiling!That awesome carrot cake I talked about? I was running late and I showed up at 5:25pm to pick it up. They closed at 5pm. They gladly let me in, took their time, made sure the cake was to my liking. They probably didn't have to, but they did, which won big points with me! Pay them a visit and see for yourself!
4	I came on a Saturday around noon.  They were pretty busy with a lunch crowd.  I loved the modern look of the cafe, very nice.  There were lots of people in the ordering area so it was kinda hard to know who was in line, who was just looking, etc.  A few people went before me, which was no biggie I was still deciding between all their yummy treats.  Greg noticed that I had been waiting and asked me if I was ready.  I picked a oreo stuffed cupcake and a whoopie pie.  Both were great but I liked the stuffed cupcake best.  The cashier who checked me out was nice and friendly.  No service problems here.  I was a little nervous because of previous reviews, although I think Layer's responses to them are pretty damn funny.  Don't let the negative reviews keep you away everyone was friendly and professional on my visit.  I saw some of the food others ordered and it looked great.  Looking forward to trying lunch here one day soon.
5	Still wow. Greg and the staff have been wonderful. Tried the gringo taco salad and the half size was more than enough. My friend enjoyed the egg salad sandwich and the soup. I am always a fan of the gluten free cornbread, and though I lloooooove the gluten free pastries and cupcakes, I am trying to go sugar free. Can't wait to try the conservative next!
5	I normally don't give away 5 stars, but this Bakery deserves it!  Their baked goods look good.  I am so tempted to try each one!  We had breakfast there before going to work and they were both scrumptious.  Normally, when I have eggs  and breakfast potatoes, I drench them in catsup.  A sign that the food is great is that I don't use catsup.  I never even thought of any condiments when our food came.  They serve their items in colorful plates which just makes the food jump out at you.  We also had their smoothies and they were both delicious too.  I would say their prices were a bit high but with their fresh ingredients, I don't mind the prices.  Their baked goods look very well made.  If we were not on a health kick, we would be here often.  We bought a loaf of Whole Wheat Honey and that loaf was used well at home.  It lasted us about a week because we wanted to stretch it out.  It is a great sandwich bread and as a side for soups, stews, and salads.  Their cafe is immaculate and their servers were courteous.  I would go back to try their other offerings and maybe even place  an order for a cake.
1	Dessert from this shop gave bad stomach ache and up set stomach. Never going back again
4	Cute restaurant with the bakery counters right up front to tempt me.  I didn't have any this time, but all the items on display looked delicious.  I had the Cuban for lunch with a side of the potato of the day.  The staff working the counters were all friendly and helpful, and I could also tell they were working hard to clean up the tables quickly after customers were finished.The sandwich was not a traditional Cuban, but it was good.  The only complaint I have is the meat was all to one side and it was missing the roast pork.  It just had the ham.  I know.  I know.  How much pork is enough?  Well, I dig the pork.  It was like someone wasn't paying attention when they assembled the sandwich, because a third of it didn't have any meat at all.  Only pickle and mustard.  I tried to reassemble it, but it was nicely pressed together and if I would have tried to pull it apart, I would have done more damage.  My 2/3rds sandwich tasted good though.  The side of peppery mashed potatoes was very tasty.  I'm glad it was only an ice cream scoop-sized portion because I could have carbo O.D.'d on those if left to my own devices.  I would definitely go back if I was in the area again.  This time to get a cookie.  Or a Carmelita.OH!  And I almost forgot.  Their policy about active parenting and well-behaved children makes me want to applaud!  I wish more places took a stand like that.  (Insert standing ovation here)
2	I have mixed emotions when it comes to this little cafe. Over the past few months I have visited multiple times, and I have had an equal number of positive and negative experiences. Sometimes the food is great (spicy breakfast wrap, mushroom/red pepper turnover), and sometimes it is pretty bad (veggie wrap, melted mess). The staff seems to be touch and go as well. Sometimes they're super friendly, other times they're neglectful and short.
5	I love that they have a great GF menu. I am even having them make a Cake for my Daughters Graduation Party.The staff is knowledgable and helpful. A pleasant experience...
4	This place is BOMB.com and their flavor profiles are amazing. Whether you order the Strawberries & Cream, the Raspberry Blonde or the Vanilla Cookie cake, which I have all personally tasted, you surely will not be disappointed. Their lemon is lemony, they use fresh strawberries, real liqueurs...listen, they don't cut corners or use artificial flavoring. This is the real deal. Their curd fillings & buttercream frostings are spot on and they also offer gluten free cakes and cupcakes. I don't know who the magical fairy is decorating their cakes or doing the writing on the cakes but they are seriously talented and everything you purchase from them turns out so cute!!Yes, they are a little pricey. Yes, you need advance notice when ordering your cake as the turnaround time is a little slow (at least 48 hours). But hey, you get what you pay for right? Plan ahead, get your order placed well in advance and then expect amazing when you pick up your creation!!! And ssssssh, they are cheaper than Freed's :)Here's the link to the cake flavors:http://www.layersbakery.com/dessertcakes.html6" round - $288" round - $4310" round - $63
4	Ok so this place has some awesome sweets. If you like pie it has pie with crumb topping as I am not a huge fan of lattice topping. Only issue is its not cheap as $22-24 a pie. I did see smores pie today which sounded interesting. The toffee bars are really good and they also have gluten free options. They slice a cake or pie daily. Never know what it is till you go in, so it's a gamble if I want a slice of pie not a whole pie. Call ahead if want something particular, no toffee bars or sliced pie today. It's convenient in the target shopping center and the service was great as they were quite patient with the little one making choices. They also serve sandwiches, bread and soup that I have heard is good but yet to try. They have challah on Fridays and I hear the cinnamon raisin bread is wonderful but its not the most convenient so I have yet to try that. But they did just open another location
3	I have a feeling when I return to Layers for another meal, this will become a 4 star review.  I went to Layers on a Wednesday morning, maybe around 8 am.  There were a couple of people eating, and no line.  The menu is quite large, and I missed the drinks section, which unfortunately contained strawberry lemonade (maybe my favorite).  So, that alone is reason to come back.I finally settled on the croissant sandwich with bacon.  This comes with a side of potatoes.  The potatoes were diced into cubes and lightly fried with some salt and pepper.  Not much going on here, I added some ketchup and hot sauce.  The sandwich was fantastic.  Large, and HOT; it was clearly just made.  The fried egg was great, and it had a good amount of cheese on it.  The croissant was the soft buttery flaky texture you want, but it held the sandwich together well.  Definite repeat, but I will have to try some other stuff first.They have a lot of bakery items that looked very good, but I didn't partake.  I'll definitely be back for breakfast and also to try lunch.
1	They were friendly and nice, but I ordered chicken curry wrap and immediately found a hair that stretched from one end of the wrap to the other in my first bite. For $11 I expect more. I won't be returning or recommending them to anyone I know.
4	Layers Bakery CAFE!  They throw in the 'CAFE' and it's not just for cakes and goodies!  I stopped in for a different place to try.  A little nervous that I'd just walk out with cookies...  LOL.   But they had a great menu of breakfast foods, salads, soup and sandwiches!  This great little place has a menu filled with all natural and organic items.  Plus it you need Gluten-Free foods, they have plenty to choose from! My choice was the Cafe Croissant Sandwich.  It was filled with turkey breast, bacon, cheddar, mixed greens and honey mustard.  It was very tasty!  The croissant had a great butter flavor with a perfect combination of moist and flaky.  The sandwich is usually served with mixed greens tossed in balsamic but the gentleman waiting on me said I could substitute for other side items (which I can't remember.. sorry!)  I decided on the spicy coleslaw.  It sounded different and I was intrigued! It was delicious! So happy!The service was great!  The cashier was very helpful in my choices and super friendly! My food was prepared quickly and with a smile.  A smile goes a long way!I peeked at the dessert cases (of course) and I'm thinking a treat will be in order for my next visit.  Everything looked so tempting and scrumptious...  But I resisted!!  I felt like Rocky at the top of the stairs.  ;-)  Overall Layers is a quaint little bakery/cafe that I'm sure I'll frequent in the future!  Thanks for a great lunch!
1	The worst gluten free flatbread one could ever pay a lot of money for. Tasteless, dry and very unpleasant to try and consume. It was called a flatbread because they know how lame it is. The gluten free peach bar was like eating peach sugary paste with oatmeal on top. Gluten free should not mean taste free
5	I absolutely love this place and don't know how anyone can rate it lower than 4 stars. I have been in a few times and everything I've had there was excellent. They have a huge selection of regular and gluten free pastries and a great cafe menu. In addition, their food is fresh and made with pure ingredients. I've never had a bad experience with the staff and find everyone I've encountered to be helpful and polite.Also, they have a sign up that says something to the effect of "if you have a bad experience talk to us about it before you yelp". I wish more businesses did that because it shows genuine concern for reputation and customer satisfaction.
4	When I walked in I spent quite some time looking over the choices of sweets, the woman behind the counter was busy making a sign and no one seemed to be around. This might have bothered me had I known what I wanted, but I was overwhelmed with the choices and checking out the establishment. The gentleman who came out of the back was very nice, him and the woman told me about the desserts and I decided on the gluten free white chocolate key lime pie that she was creating the sign for. The dessert was awesome and the latte was good. Months ago I "liked" their page on FB and finally made my way to check it out. I was impressed, especially with their healthy, fresh eating options and the unique feel of the restaurant in a town of generic chains. I would certainly come back and definitely recommend Layers to others.
4	This place is GREAT!  Very classy.  Do not ask for substitutions on your meal.  They will not be honored unless dietarily necessary.  However, the food is AMAZING!  Curry mayo on the turkey wrap is to die for.  The cakes are great!  We have ordered several for special occasions.  Yum to the max!  Rock me Layers.
3	So this was an interesting visit.  For a place which opens at 8am and only stays open until 4pm, one wonders why a breakfast is only served until 11am and other items are not served until 11am?Also the lady taking our order was unsure if GMOs are used in the food and after we sat down looking at the menu it clearly states no GMOs.  I don't expect people to be perfect, but if you are working behind the counter taking orders you should be familiar with what you are selling especially if its supposed to be all Natural and Organically focused...training for employees would be beneficial.
2	We ordered a birthday cake for our son.  We specifically asked to leave space in the middle of the 8" round cake so we can put something batman on it to fit the theme of our son's birthday.  They said this was no problem.  When we went to pick up the cake there was NO ROOM. The guy told me my husband did not specify that he needed room in the middle of the cake (he did), but that really didn't matter since there was no space anywhere on that cake.  He was very quick to put the blame someplace other than himself.  He said he could "peel" the lettering off and redo that part, but it wouldn't be perfect.  Im sorry, but for $46, that cake really did need to be perfect.  I could have gone to Whole Foods and bought a bigger cake for $14.99.  I wanted to try this bakery out because I heard great things about their cakes.  When we placed the order, we had to pay, so they already had our money.  The cake tasted amazing (thats why I gave 2 stars), but the service was just awful, and that's too bad.  There is no way I will be going to them for any kind of custom made cake.  And really, the only time we eat that kind of food is for a special occasion. I posted pictures for anyone interested in seeing what it looked like. Two pics, says "Happy Birthday Nicholas".
4	Really like the food here and dine here about every other week.  Friendly people with quality, fresh food.  Only reason I don't 5 Star it is portions...I'm a big dude.  When the side for your sandwich is Spicy Cole slaw, I think it would be reasonable to get more cabbage than a portion fitting in those containers you fill with ketchup.
5	I went here with my Mom for coffee, salads and several desserts. What a cute place! The coffee was excellent, taco salad was great too. The really fabulous part was the desserts! We had the chocolate cake with fudge frosting, lemon bars, and a big yummy chocolate chip cookie! The desserts are sooooo good, and taste just like your grandmother would make! I cannot wait to go back!
5	We pigged out and loved everything. The egg & bacon pie was amazing. Gluten free savory scone was a tad dry on the outside but the apple bar was excellent. Husband had the cheesecake bar and banana chocolate walnut bread. Some of the staff is still learning but did not hesitate to get a clear answer when we had questions. The owner was very kind and patient. The dirty chai is amazing! Go there!
1	Wow! I've never felt more like a burden to an operation. I've never posted a review (I usually just don't come back).Tried to make some changes on a lunch order and you would think it was the craziest thing ever! "Do you have any bread other than the honey whole wheat?" "No." Can I switch the pretzel roll to the tuna sandwich?"  "No we can't switch breads." "Why not?" "Those are the rules."I didn't want to mention that they serve panini as well (on honey whole wheat, I think not).The baked ham and cheese sandwich (on a pretzel roll!) was pretty good although the side of garlic mash is pretty weird as a side.C'mon guys.  Get a grip.  You have  "Bakery" in your name and I can't substitute bread on a sandwich?  You had more employees than customers this morning.   Think about changing your rules...
3	This place is yummy. The turkey croissant is always delicious. However the prices are a little steeper than I would have expected. 5 dollars for a latte? That's prices you'd expect to see on the strip, not in Henderson.
4	Quick breakfast, everything was great. Had the hotdog pastry thing and cafe croissant. Turkey was super fresh and tasty, bacon was crispy. Service was quick, friendly and personable. We'll be back.
4	There aren't that many privately own places left in this world, it seems. I love this place! Great staff and good food!
5	Very nice elagant store... Great free ice coffe. I think better than Starbucks but that's just me. I got a light affordable snack. I want to try everything ! The bloody mart salad sounds cool!
5	Tuna sandwich with wild caught salmon on gluten free bread was such a treat. I haven't found many places I can go to a restaurant for lunch and have a sandwich. Loaves of gluten free bread can be purchased on Fridays.
4	I'd heard about this bakery from other Yelp friends for a while, so we met up here on a rainy Saturday afternoon so I could try it for myself.  First of all, it's not just a bakery, but a cafe, too.  Bright and cheery, there were quite a few customers here at 2:00pm.  Greg, the owner, started off well, impressing me by greeting friends Shirley and Tracy by name; they either come here all the time and/or Greg has a great memory and knows his customers.  I really wanted to try the Godzilla bar that Shirley had described, but they were out of them.  There were a lot more baked goods to choose from, though.  I settled on the Cinnamon Walnut Breakfast Cake with a small almond milk latte; yes, they have almond milk, another plus! I love cinnamon desserts and the breakfast cake did not disappoint; Greg warmed it up for me and it paired well with the hot latte, a delicious duo.  The cafe had a steady stream of customers the whole time we were there, even for the late afternoon hour.  Service was excellent and I look forward to my next visit to try that Godzilla bar.
2	Items selected:Raisin French Toast with SyrupBaklavaChocolate Bread PuddingSour Cream and Sour Cherry Coffee CakeBlueberry SconeIced CoffeeLocated in a strip mall off Green Valley in Henderson, Layers Bakery was seemingly the sort of place I would love - an organic artisan bakery focused on cakes, cookies, pies, and a breakfast menu both savory and sweet that looked great for a leisurely meal shared with an old friend...and save for some truly bizarre policies including refusal to use anything but raisin bread for the French toast or to slice more than one cake or pie per day it was.  Sterile and commercial in design despite the local owners and organic approach it was just shortly after the 9am opening that I arrived at the restaurant and with my friend running late I was encouraged to order without her, an easy enough process entailing four pastry selections plus one from the kitchen and taking a seat with items to be plated and delivered it would not be long before my choices arrived; my friend walking in mere moments before the French Toast which she declined to taste due to the raisins just as I knew she would.  Overall a decent collection with options ranging from crisp and surprisingly subtle Baklava plus one of the most buttery coffee cakes I have had in recent memory to a 'scone' whose texture more closely resembled that of a muffin and dense, flavorless bread pudding  I cannot say I would venture down to Henderson for Layers, though perhaps if they were slicing (or willing to slice) the Golden Nugget or Bloody Good cake I'd reconsider.
5	This is definitely our family's favorite go-to place for a great meal that we know is made with quality organic ingredients and not full of junk.  I usually eat gluten free so it can be challenging when we try to find a place and Layers has plenty of gluten free options which is great. Their pastries, cakes and pies are fabulous. I love supporting small local businesses and this one is by far our favorite!
3	With modern decor and a small, but diverse menu, Layers has a little something for everyone. The menu contains traditional food remixed for the modern palette. Take bacon and eggs for instance, Instead of the traditional scrambled eggs and strips of bacon, Layers serves a Bacon and Egg Pie. Instead of fried eggs, their menu includes a fried egg croissant with smoked Gouda. And instead of the regular French toast they have  cinnamon French toast with raisins served with your choice of baked apples or maple syrup and butter.  I ordered the bacon and egg pie with cheesy grits. The food, good. My portion, small. A small piece of "pie" and about 1/4 cup of cheesy grits. I'm not a pig, but I like bigger portions when I am going to breakfast. This is especially true when I am paying $8+ for entrees. We ate about an hour ago and I am going to be hungry in another few.  There is one thing that struck me as odd about Layers and that was the long list of rules on the table....keep watch over your kids, don't let your kids go to the bathroom by themselves, bus your own table, blah, blah, blah. I know it should all be common sense and I am sure that some people are inconsiderate, but do you really need to lay out the rules on every table? REALLY?Either way, I am giving Layers 3 stars because of the small portions and their stupid rules, not the food.
5	Had an excellent lunch and took some delicious pastries to go.  Everything was very tasty.
1	I received a gift card to this place but never used it. Ended up giving it away to a family member because I stepped into Layers once and looked at the menu - NOTHING VEGAN. When I asked if they had anything vegan the staff was rude. She said "no" then rolled her eyes and said "next." This place might have good coffee (from what I've heard) but they can't even be bothered to have a little soymilk or almond milk on hand. Apparently, they can't even do a traditional bagel, fresh fruit salad, or just not put cheese on the veggie salad or sandwich.
5	The Power Smoothie here is beyond Amazing. I would drive 5 miles for one.... Somehow they make it addictive. Hard to believe it is healthy! Also check out the Lemon Bars. Very close to home made.  It is nice that they always have little bits for tasting while you wait for your order.  The breakfasts are very yummy when I take a taste, but I am so hooked on the Power Smoothie, it is my breakfast, lunch or dinner order here.  Stop and try this Smoothie temptress...
3	I got the Melted Mess (their name for a grilled cheese) and a cup of tomato soup. The sandwich was served with a side of mashed potatoes and honey mustard. The sandwich was good with crispy bread and nicely melted cheese. The soup was nice and tomato-ey with a just a hint of spice. The mashed potatoes were good basic mashed potatoes, but (and maybe it's just me) mashed potatoes do not seem like an appropriate side for a grilled cheese sandwich.  Additionally, the honey mustard looks like gravy and, be warned, it is not tasty on the potatoes (although, that's my fault for not paying attention). One complaint, Layers wanted $1.50 to add pickles to a sandwich. I'm all for paying for extra items but, to me, that seemed steep for a few pickle slices especially since the pickle that came with the sandwich was limp and lackluster.  I would definitely give Layers another try if I'm in the neighborhood.
5	There are so many things to love about this place. The decor is hip and comfortable, but really, I come here for the food! I honestly can say that I've tried most things on the menu, and I have yet to come across something I haven't loved. I recommend this place to everyone and always take visiting friends there for lunch or a pastry. Just about everything on the menu is organic, and the taste reflects that. The salads are simply amazing! My favorite is the house salad. My son loves The Conservative (meatloaf sandwich), and my younger kids adore the french toast. I guarantee it will be the best you've ever tried. If you're in the mood for a hot drink and a pastry, I would wholeheartedly recommend the chai tea. It is simply delectable, especially with a chocolate croissant or coconut orange chocolate-dipped macaroon. To die for! If you have a reason to celebrate (or just like cake!!), Layers has a case of cakes, pies, and tortes you can buy right on the spot. I've had to resort to that on several occasions, and they are always a hit. I've been a regular customer at Layers for years and always refer to it as "my favorite little bakery/cafe." If you are like I am and you believe in supporting small business, give this little gem a try! You'll be glad you did!!
5	They made my daughter's Sweet 16  birthday cake and it was AWESOME....featured on their Facebook page if you want to take a gander.  Fabulous service, wonderful flavor, moist and delicious.  Got a comment from someone that said " I wish my mother loved me that much to buy such a pretty cake...."   These people are the real deal...thank you for helping my daughter make her day special.
5	This is place outstanding.  Friendly and helpful staff members.  Some of the cakes and baked goods are a bit pricey but the taste and smell of it makes it worth it.  If you want a light snack, try there tuna and cracker dish, it is excellent.  I ordered quiche from them, it was extremely delicious.  I recommend this place to anyone who has a sweet tooth or just to dine.I forgot to mention, location is just minutes away from our 5 star mega-resort Green Valley Ranch Hotel and Spa and tons of shopping centers to chose from.  This place also has unlimited free wifi service for those of you who love to eat out but also like to check your emails and keep up with current events.
4	Great breakfast and good coffee.Staff friendly and pastries yummy. Can't ask for more. Cheryl
4	Layers is a good place to stop off and enjoy bakery items and food.  It's pricey and to take my hubby and family costs an arm and a leg.  Ingredients are fresh.  Staff is helpful.  It's definitely a local hangout.
4	Quick Tip: Yelp check-in gets you a free iced coffee with any purchase. Really good place to go for a lunch or a dessert. I went to this place for a lunch. I tried a savory turnover with veggies like mushrooms, onions, etc. and puffy hot dog (hot dog wrapped with Pastry). I wasn't a big fan of the hot dog, but the turn over was delicious. They bake everything fresh and you get it piping hot, so be careful. Hot dog comes with 2 side dipping sauces. I opted for spicy ketchup and dijon mustard. As per dessert, I didn't buy anything since they didn't have the stuffed cupcakes. But from what I've heard they are supposed to have the best cupcakes in the area. I would highly recommend you to check out this place.
4	One of my friends recommended Layer's for gluten free options.  I picked up a few things for a dinner party and they were a hit.  A bit pricey, but worth is on occasion!
4	Went in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. The Conservative is DELICIOUS and their salads are excellent as well. The menu is a bit pricey, but fair given the large portion size. I would have preferred a smaller portion with less cost. Definitely would recommend Layers to anyone looking for a yummy lunch.
5	Organic!!!  Wow!  Really the best ingredients and they care for the customers.  The chili + cornbread was just out of this world amazing.
5	My fiance and I have been coming here since we relocated. It is one of our favorite breakfast/ lunch spots in town. Their menu is full of fresh and healthy items and you can indulge in some of their pastries and desserts. Our favorites include the power smoothieSpicy breakfast wrapThe conservativeand a must have, chocolate/ hazelnut biscotti!Their coffee and teas are delicious. You can pretty much catch us there at some point during the week
1	5th time going to Layers, bad service every time. (employees act like they'd rather be anywhere else)Food is good, but not worth the cost you pay for portion size on most dishes. Sadly disappointed.
4	Love this place. Decor light, modern and inviting. And clean! Very important in my book. Plus you can plug in and recharge your phone right under your booth. Breakfast fair is always interesting. Last time I had grits with my eggs, having never had them before I was pleasantly surprised how tasty they were. This morning it's the ham and choke bake with balsamic greens, $7.50. This is definitely not Denny's Toto! Food is delicious.They have AMAZING baked goods. The sweet and savory scones are to die for. Ask for them heated. $2.50 each. I do wish they wouldn't be penny pinchers on the drink refills. $2.85 for an iced tea and you want to charge me a $1.00 for a refill? I pulled up and parked between a Porsche Boxter and a Lexus so I guess the customers don't mind spending $3.00 for an ice tea. Yes I'm frugal but I also like good food. I'll refill on the free lemon flavored water at the self serve station. The service is just ok, kind of an intense man behind the counter today. You get your own flatware and napkins at the self serve station, no biggie there. It's clean and replenished. I give then 4 stars not five because I want a free refill.
4	How have I not reviewed Layers earlier. Anyway there are some things I love about eating here and some things I could do without. Love- Their chocolate biscotti mmmmm it's so good. The spicy breakfast wrap is my go to breakfast favorite without cheese please, it tends to be too rich/oily for me. The conservative, grits, flatbreads, power smoothie. I have a love hate relationship with the seasonal menu. We have been back a couple times since they change to the spring menu and a fruit salad is the new side offered with breakfast items. Well the first day we had a nice varied array if about 5-6 pieces of fruit, the next time 3 pieces. The last two times just a slice of melon, the same size that was on the plates during my first two visits. This is rather annoying. I'm not a fan of the two new items we tried recently but we will try something else the next time we go back. We frequent this locations between 6-8 times a month for breakfast or lunch sometimes it's twice a week. Do without - I'm not a huge fan of their desserts other than a party platter I ordered over the holidays which had lots of different bars. We've ordered a couple cakes but now that I've discovered a local gourmet cake/dessert bakery I stick to them for all my sweet tooth needs except for the biscotti ofcourse, always get the biscotti. No substitutions -It doesn't really annoy me it's only put me off once. Kids- I agree keep them in line please. Service - They know us now so we get lots of hellos from the staff. Sometimes it's too slow or they forget things but that can happen anywhere and everywhere.
2	Hubby and I went to this cafe for breakfast.    We did enjoy the scarce amount of food we did get.   Your unable to get a free refill of coffee unless you pay a dollar more.    Coffee was almost $3.00.     Overall it's not worth a $30.00 breakfast.    They need to lower their prices.
5	Amazing! We had reason to be in Henderson this morning--we live in Centennial Hills. As I cannot have gluten, I decided that while we were in the area we should stop in and check this place out. I'm so glad we did. The staff was extremely friendly, the atmosphere was cozy and the food was excellent. We each ( three of us--me, my husband and our 7 yr. old son) got the breakfast croissant. Mine was GF, of course and was on more of a biscuit than a croissant. While I would have preferred the croissant, it was still really good. We also got one gluten free cupcake to split between the three of us.My husband and kids are very, very picky about gluten free. They often turn their noses up at it. But my husband said the cupcake was the absolute best gluten free cupcake he'd ever tried, "I can't even tell its gluten free." He admits he has had gluten free cupcakes he thought were good but he could still tell they were gluten free. He had a hard time believing this was really a gluten free cupcake. He said it was even better than some regular cupcakes he has tasted at bakeries in the area. The prices are a bit steep but the portions are generous. We will definitely consider going in again, if we're in the area.
5	Another great place for breakfast/lunch in the Henderson area!One of my friends always brought their baked goods to our office, but I recently decided to try their actually food items!BIG plus for the organic, all natural, gluten free, nitrate free items they use for their food! Their Bacon & Egg Pie is to die for! Moist, succulent quiches with bacon, spinach, onion and cheeses! I've also had their Cafe Croissant - one time with gluten free bread and another with the actual croissant! The gluten free bread has a hard crust but soft middle, yet still tasty. The croissant has the light, buttery goodness to it! The sandwich comes with nitrate free turkey breast, white cheddar, honey mustard, bacon and greens!An almost guilt-free lunch if I must say!I have yet to return and try the other yummy items on the menu!
4	Layers is a good place to get REAL FOOD. Baked goods, sandwiches, soups, breads, etc. They pretty much have it all (excluding fresh produce for sale - LOL). I would shop here for groceries and meals if I could. All the food is organic and non-GMO. The owners genuinely care about the food they serve you, and it shows in the quality of everything in the bakery. I had the reaspberry almond squares and was blown away by how simply delicious they were. I also had a slice of chocolate cake (I cannot for the life of me remember what it was called) with chocolate mousse frosting and it was just about the best thing I have ever eaten. The staff is polite, attentive, and caring, and they seem to LOVE kids, so bring the kiddos down too. If you want fresh food that is natural and not filled with any fillers, colorings, fake sugar, margarine, etc. go to Layers!
5	The word amazing is used for this place.  The pastries are amazing here!  Love their cupcakes but the other pastries are as amazing!  But know you have to come here early or order them because they will be gone.  I ordered the French toast and can I say not only does it look amazing but it tastes great.  It is a must try.  My friend had the cafe croissant and chilli, it was so good.  Meat will really tender.  Love this place.  Will make the effort to come here if I'm in Henderson.
2	I really wanted to like this place, as I tend to want to like any bakery.  But I just can't remember having tasted sweet treats that were so bland and tasteless.  Everything looks incredibly appealing, so it's easy to make the mistake of believing whatever you order will taste as good as it looks.My review is not based on one experience, but on four separate tries, three for baked goods and one for lunch.  The soup was okay, if expensive, and when I asked for some of the bread I saw other people eating with their soup, the clerk told me he'd have to charge me for it (any resemblance to a "Seinfeld" episode is purely coincidental).  I agreed because I much preferred bread to crackers, but after paying $3.50 for my soup, it seemed a bit chintzy to require another 74 cents for one piece of bread.They're not outrageous, but neither are they inexpensive, and it seems like there's much better everything to be had in the general vicinity for roughly the same price, if not less.
4	Love that they have several Gluten Free baked goods . My favorite it the GF apple Crisp bar. Everybody is always so friendly & it's a super cute place.  Just recently ordered a cake for Father's Day , was Strawberry & Cream , paid $32 for a 6 inch cake , wasn't too impressed with flavor . I would definitely go with another flavor next time . Only other thing is also they need to make sure they train employees about GF cross contamination . Since I have Celiac's , it's very important ! I got my husband a regular treat & me GF treat  , to go & they put them on top of each other in same bag . Luckily I caught it & had them get new one before I left . Like that they us a lot of organic non GMO too!
2	So  I am disappointed in this place....In my last review I complained about them only serving items until 11am, well I guess they took my advice and changed the menu and some items are only available now on the breakfast menu until 10:30, nice fix?????In addition to this, the people there today were NOT on their game at all.  We ordered a desert and told them 3 times what we wanted and they still gave us the wrong item.  I don't know if I will be in a hurry to go back here.  The feeling was very unfriendly this time.
1	Well, second birthday in as many months and we left without a cake.  We have been loyal customers for years but we have noticed their service/ management has gone down the tubes.  Last month we went to purchase a cake and they only had 1 in the case (actually a pie) and today we went to order a birthday cake for early next week and we were told that that wasn't going to be possible for the baker was on vacation and the owner was out of town.  The person behind the counter did offer to sell me one of their cakes in the case (not the size or flavor that I wanted ), but I thought maybe I can buy a week old cake somewhere else.  To be honest, the only reason we keep coming back is that their cakes are so delicious but I am not sure how many bad experiences I have left in me with this place.
4	This place is worth the drive to green valley! All natural, gluten free and non-gmo baked goods, desserts, breakfast & lunch items at very reasonable prices. Great place for brunch. It's very bright and cheerful and I like the atmosphere. Make sure you check in for a tasty free iced coffee.
5	Great, fresh, healthy breakfast
5	Love this place, second time coming and it's just as good as I remember! Last time we got a bunch of different desserts but this time we stuck with our 2 favorites: tiramisu (5/5) and a warm banana bread (5/5).Also the workers and possibly owner are so awesome! They're polite, accommodating and take pride in their establishment! Thanks for being awesome, I'll be back
5	I went in looking for a quick fix to my sweet tooth only to realize they also served sandwiches. I ended up ordering banana nut bread which they offered to warm up. The chocolate melted in my mouth, yummy!
5	Just had delicious lunch egg salad BLT. WONDERFUL.  Also have chocolate covered bacon for dessert. YUMMYDelightful place. The thing we really appreciate is they encourage "active parenting". Children under control for a pleasant breakfast or lunch. THK UThe free iced coffee is delightful also but remember that is between 2-4pm
1	Dear Laywers,I'm giving you 1 star for ambience and - 4 stars for food, customer service, presentation & price. My boyfriend and I had high expectations about this place, since we heard your pastries are great. However, when it comes to breakfast, and maybe everything else on the menu, they need to step up their game. Presentation matters. Bacon should never be served cold, dry and tasteless. Avocado was sour and close to rotten... Also, if an establishment claims to serve "all natural" & "organic" food, please be extra careful and watch the amount of salt you're cooking with. High sodium food isn't quality. In addition, if you're charging $40+ for two people (breakfast plate, black coffee, small orange juice each and NO pastries), please be a bit more generous with your hopeless looking portions. We wanted to give it a second try, but as for now, I think it's a NO. Cannot understand the hype about this place.OH! Kudos on your decor!Sincerely,F.S.
1	Quite possibly the worst breakfast croissant I have ever had. Waited forever and I had to return my overcooked side of bacon and poorly sliced sour avocado for another crappy old avocado, and yet, another very small and sad order of bacon. 2 people was over $40 on the bill. It feels like a bunch of young high school kids are running the kitchen. The bakery seems to be ok, but the breakfast lacks a pinch of professional finesse. Also, notice their very professional reactions to well deserved negative reviews. I work in entertainment and food as well as cook at home. I would never serve anyone the food that was served to me and my girlfriend. 1 star for decor.PLEASE PACK YOUR KNIVES AND GO HOME!!!
4	The only thing I've tried here is the corn flake ice cream. I hate ice cream-- hate it. But, I took my sweet tooth little sister here when she was visiting Henderson and had a quick bite. This ice cream is like crack! I'm being dead serious. I ended up getting my own because I couldn't stop eating hers. If you haven't seen this on TV, they soak corn flakes in locally sourced milk. Then they put it through a frosty machine and roll it the ice cream in glazed salty/sweet corn flakes. It's freaking' amazing!!!
5	Greg the owner is a fantastic human being. Always expects his staff and service to provide a wonderful experience to his customers.
5	We stopped in today for lunch, the particular staff working today, most have been with Greg for awhile. Service was great, smiles hellos and quick accurate food was served to us.We love this place
2	I went there yesterday as I drove around time looking for a bakery because i was craving a cupcake. To my delight I found them on my map on Yelp and i drove there. GREAT FOR GLUTEN-FREE FOLKS! Not so good for me who likes fluffiness and flavor. They are located in the Target shopping center closer to Green Valley Pkwy. The business is clean and a cute modern place to hang out. There are some tables and chairs to sit and visit. But beware! They cater to gluten-free folks. Nothing wrong with that, I'm glad the gluten-free folks have a place to go BUT the rest of the population wont enjoy the dry texture gluten-free baked items have. Their prices range from $1.95-$4.00 for a bakery good. A little pricey for my wallet but that's just me. I'm sure the gluten-free crowd will eat it all up and willing to pay for the price of making sure they can enjoy something that wont harm their health. This bakery also has a deli and various items one can enjoy for lunch. I didn't have lunch, So this review is only based on this experience. I just bought a whoopie pie which I almost bought 2 of. I'm sooo glad I only bought one. It wasn't our typical whoopie pie.. you know, soft, moist, tender to the squeeze of your hand and stuffed between the 2 cookies and soft, whippy cream one can imagine marrying if one could. Well not this whoopie pie. It was dry (prob b/c its gluten free) and hard. Cold and hard. The cream inside was tasteless, nothing to muse over. I was disappointed then again my whoopie pie level of perfection is pretty high since I've had many amazing ones in the past. Maybe they can work on the recipe??? It needs to be fluffly, creamy and flavorful guys! They must have been busy earlier in the day bc there wasn't must left in the bakery display left for sale. They didn't have any cupcakes either so that's why I grabbed a whoopie pie and a root beer for under $8.. Yes $8 for a snack. Ughh.. hurt my wallet but what the heck, adventure and trying new things always have a price. If you check in with Yelp you get a free iced coffee with any purchase..thats awesome but I don't drink coffee.. Maybe they can offer/make a free mini cookie instead?? More of us eat cookies rather than coffee. Bottom Line: This is a place for the Gluten-Free crowd.
5	Great customer service. Very friendly staff and great ambiance. A very comfortable vibe.
5	Love this hidden gem! Organics...vegan and vegetarian options for food and drinks. Coffee is delicious and soooo reasonably priced. I'd rather have amazing service, great coffee and cozy atmosphere for less money than wait in line at Starbucks! Had blackberry iced tea today was refreshing and delish as expected. Give this place a try you won't regret it!
4	Breakfast is good, sandwiches and salads also good.  I also tried a mocha smoothie and it was WAY too sweet - not good.  Menu prices are slightly pricey in my opinion. The place itself is nicely decorated, but if someone from the cafe is reading this, please do something about your ventilation.  Having all my clothes and hair smell like grease after eating there is quite gross.
5	I love this place! My husband and I are often here dining in or taking things to go. I love that they use fresh organic and non gmo ingredients- it's so hard to find a place in the Vegas area that commits to this. I find the staff to be very nice and friendly. Thanks for making such good wholesome food! You have a loyal customer here.
5	I praise this company for NON GMO: and Organic ingredients. Yes its a bit pricey but that is why. I buy only organic and try my best to keep GMO out of my diet, tho that can be hard when some companies sneak things they shoudnt into their products. Even some Organics in stores are questionable at times. But this Bakery is a godsend to us who dont mind paying for quality of ingredients. If they seem dry to some people it is a shame I have had all great items, and the 2-4 free coffee. I love to support locales that are NON GMO and Organic working to make people safer. Kudos to this bakery and I will be a regular, I try to get there once a month. Thanks Layers!
2	This place used to have hands down the best chili on the planet, (I know it sounds odd considering it is a bakery) but I guess they have have changed the recipe from using brisket and big vegetables to using water and ground beef. It was like water the last two times. When i asked the guy behind the counter he said "I don't know, it's just how they send it over". 20 bucks for two bowls of water and two teas? No thanks.
5	"You've never been to Layers?" This is how I ended up at Layers. Jessie B and I were hanging out and we were on Yelp and noticed Shirley B was checked in there. So when Jessie heard I'd never been we were off.You may think of Layer's as just a cake shop, but it's not it's so much more. They have tons of yummy looking sweets, savory treats, salads, sandwiches, soups, fresh baked bread, and more! Plus, coffee!!! And did I mention chocolate covered bacon! Jessie and I took forever deciding on what to get. It all looked so, so tasty. We each picked a different kind of bar. Mine was a chocolate fudge bar with nuts and chocolate chips. While we decided we got the chance to sample the biscotti and bread. Wow! Both were so fresh and tasted amazing. I love that in their clean up/doctoring up your beverage area that they have assorted sweeteners. I was so excited to see agave nectar as one of the options. The owner was super nice and so helpful. I enjoyed her sign on every table asking people to please watch their children. The decor is modern and pretty comfy. I did miss the sign asking to put your dishes away. I felt so bad that we left our plates on the table. So make sure you do that if your eating in. I will totally be back with the hubby to try their savory items and buy some fresh bread. Layer's is a perfect place to chat with a friend or just read a book by yourself while eating some excellent treats. So glad Jessie took me here. Plus, it was awesome to finally meet Shirley B! Yum!
2	Excited for nothing. Salmon was tasteless. The "bread" "biscuit" whatever they called it was heavy, MAYBE under cooked, I'm not sure, it was just awful. I picked my sandwich apart, which was not hard, because it fell apart! My husband ordered salad, the plate had fruit, after he walked back up there, the "cook" just dumped it off and added a salad. Instead of saying keep it and bringing a new plate with the correct item on it. THEN, my husband wanted to try the chili. It wasn't "ready" which was ok he agreed with the lady COLD to go would be fine. AGAIN the "cook" (male) brought a bowl over to the table. To eat there. NO silverware on the tables, had to get up and get that too. For the price, I don't wanna walk back and forth to the counter 3/4 times. UGH UGH I won't go out of my way for them. The artichoke "pie thingy" WAS amazing though! It was the only highlight.
3	I really loved this place for a quick meet up with friends for coffee and a treat but the last two times I have been in there, I was disappointed. The whoopee pie, not gluten free, was stale and very dry. It wouldn't have mattered how long it set at room temperature to "warm up" it was still stale tasting. I bought $20.00 worth of cookies to go and the individual that boxed them up just grabbed them out of the case without washing their hands, using a tissue or gloves.....ya, kind of creeped me out.
5	Love this place! Always fresh delicious food. And the staff is always friendly. Greg had an awesome thing going! There is one problem, though, I can never decide what dessert I want!
5	My family and I are in love. Every Sunday I take my boys out to breakfast. One of then had celiac so breakfast is usually eggs and bacon for him. I stumbled across Layers and it's everything I could want in a Sunday breakfast. Their gluten free menu is extensive. My son was very excited to be able to have pancakes and they were delicious. I tried the French toast which was good. Their cream of mushroom soup is a unique take but absolutely heavenly. We had a slight mix up with our food and it was handled quick and without incident. The atmosphere of the bakery is light and open and alive. My boys and I have decided this is our new Sunday morning breakfast place!
1	Place went downhill. Dried out and tasteless food. People working there are not well versed in the product. They must really be hurting and I am sure it's only a matter of time before they close. Plenty more options in Henderson like, "Gimme some sugar" on Stephanie and 215. Tiramisu is not even close to anything resembling tiramisu, whoopee pies suck and are dry and hard, lemon bars are good, Caramel salted brownie is awful. I will  give it 1 star because it is clean. $46 dollars for a dried out pumpkin cheesecake? lol c'mon!! 1 star for clean and 0 starts for taste. Truly a let down. :(
5	I stopped in here yesterday while I was running errands to take a little break. I picked up three things (I didn't eat them all at once ). While waiting to ring up my delicacies I tried a sample of the Buttermilk Chocolate cake and it was moist and divine. The employee said it was their number one seller and I can see why! The Apple Turnover I ate there with coffee. The Turnover had a buttery flaky crust, filled with a delicious cinnamony apple  mixture and drizzled with glaze. Last night I tried the Cherry Coffee cake and can I just say scrumptious. It was moist, flavorful and had these yummy sour cherries  baked throughout. This morning I had their luscious chocolate bread pudding!  Give them a try! You deserve a treat today!
2	I actually walked in and two people walked in after me and the counter associates ignored me and helped them first... I'm not sure when or if I will return! But the food is great
3	I love this place.  Their bread, their jams, their salads, their cappuccino but I was so sad to see that after years of choosing not to carry artificial sweeteners they now do, Splenda, Equal.  I know it sounds stupid but they used to have signs on their tables that said they chose not to carry them because they were made up of artificial ingredients.  It makes me feel like maybe not everything they make is as natural as I thought.  I paid the high prices because I thought I was getting, all natural, organic and no gmo's.  I am not so sure of that now.
3	Cake review only.I heard that a birthday party was being thrown in my honor. With cake. Seeing as how I was the local and my parents weren't, I helped to research some places on Yelp. We wound up going for a 6-inch tiramisu cake ($30) from Layers Bakery Cafe.I haven't much experience with cake orders, and this was my first cake order in the Las Vegas area, but the service seemed solid. I actually left a voicemail message in the evening and they called me back in the morning. They were also nice enough to call on the day of pickup to remind me of the cake and to mention that they'd be there until 4:30pm, even though their official closing time is 4:00pm (I happened to arrive at 4:00pm on the dot). They also offered free candles, twice in fact. I accepted the second time.If I'm being really honest, the cake itself was not the best tiramisu that I've had. The coffee flavor was definitely present in the ladyfingers, but there was an almost distracting sweetness from the thick layer of cream that made up about half the cake and from the chocolate shavings and "shards" that were used instead of cocoa. It still tasted delicious to me, as I am a lover of sweet things, but it wasn't that true to tiramisu as I know it.I have no idea if the other cakes have such a large creamy top layer, but if you're looking for a tiramisu in particular, know what you're getting into. Oh, and the price is probably higher than average due to the sourcing and preparation associated with the "organic" label that they proudly advertise. It is not something that I personally care about.I really wanted to like Layers Bakery Cafe. The 3-star rating is because, for cake, I'll probably check out other places if I should find myself in need in the future. Can't really call myself a fan if that's how I feel, can I? For the food or baked goods, however, I might give them other visit.
5	I wanted something quick and healthy for breakfast and Layers Bakery was a great choice. They promote GMO-free and organic ingredients on the menu and provided many great options for the first meal of my day. I had the spicy egg-white (special order) wrap with broccoli, ham, and tomato served with a side of fresh fruit. It was absolutely delicious. Next time, I will try one of their gluten-free desserts displayed across the window that looked devilishly tempting. They offered everything from layered cakes to chocolate-dipped bacon. Mmmmm, bacon. The service was polite and quick. Keeping this spot at the top of my list.
4	Mmmm......I really loved this place. Love the fact that they have no gmos and its organic. That have a great selection of salads and sandwiches to choose from. The croissant sandwich was so yummy. It was quick, simple, and delicious. The blueberry scone was amazing!! Loved all the options for deserts. It was super clean and cute, inexpensive and they were very friendly.
2	Six dollars for an orange juice. Six dollars! You could get a meal for that elsewhere. Ridiculously expensive for what it is.
5	Best Cafe! The meatloaf sandwich is "last meal"  worthy and their pastries are amazing. This place should be featured on the food network!
5	Layers Bakery is Amazing. My wife and I live in Florida and decided to get married in Las Vegas last November 2014. Well it took a lot of planning and I got the task of picking out the wedding cake for us and 25 guests. After much research I decided on Layers Bakery and let me tell you Jeanne did not let us down. She designed a Harley Davidson wedding cake for us that not only looked great but tasted out of this world. All of our family and guests could not stop talking about how good the cake was.Thank you again to Jeanne and the Layers Bakery staff.
4	Layers is Back from what I can see! Went today just because I was close and I wanted coffee, when I walked in I saw a gentleman behind the counter who was working with passion, I asked him if he was the owner and he said yes, I proceeded to thank him for being there because of my previously bad review and he was very nice and asked my name shook my hand. I told him how everything looked fantastic and the place was busy and people were really enjoying the vibe. I love when owners take the place back and put the passion into fixing the problems just like when they first started with the vision and a task. Ok so the coffee was amazing and the Stout cake is a must try, made with whole ingredients, Guinness and Ginger Bread. Well done Layers! Please keep the ball rolling! Everything was fantastic, service, food and ambiance. Bravo!
