5	I cannot really show you  how excited I am that Roosters has opened there second location Uptown!! 5 minute drive from my house as opposed to 25 minutes and this place looks great!!We actually came in on opening night and while it wasn't packed it had a good crowd and the service was great!! The food was awesome like usual and the decor was so shiny and new!! We sat downstairs in the bar area and then went upstairs after dinner to just see what else was going on, they had a beautiful open kitchen and great booths! This is going to be a great spot to hit for a fun Saturday night or happy hour! We started with my FAV's the Duck Ham and Aged Guoda- if you haven't had either you need to now!! We also had the fried oysters which I've never had before but they were really good and was a good amount! Then for our entree we had the Hanger Steak-again a favorite and the Duck Gnocchi which was another new dish to me it was great the Gnocchi was cooked perfectly! We paired them with the Hericot Verts and Mashed Potatoes- the mashed potatoes were really good I had to stop myself from eating the whole dish, seeing as I was "sharing"! For desert we had the Toffee Cake which I have never had and that was D-licious!! Management was great they were all so happy and excited about being open which in turn made us excited to be there!! I can't wait to be back in town so I can go back to my new hangout!! I just hope the staff doesn't get sick of me and my friends ;)
3	Pretty good food and friendly staff, but I will have to ding you for what happened--Came at the tail end of lunch with a couple of big bosses. It was packed so we shared those community-ish tables with other diners.  We ordered our food and waited and waited and waited.  We got our drinks...and waited some more.  Server came by and asked, "Are you guys ready for your check?"  Kinda confusing, because we never got had our food in the first place.She apologized profusely and the manager came by to apologize.  They were able to fire up our food relatively quick and gave us a discount.  They apologized a lot. The food was pretty good.  I had the turkey-bacon sandwich and it was well-priced and tasted good.  Turkey was not dry at all and the bacon had enough flavor to complement.  Pomme frites on the side were a bit salty, but I think everything is salty.  Bosses' got salads, spaghetti, and some sides which they said were all very good food.  Pan-fried corn was a good one.Overall, food is good, experience tarnished by mistake in service.  Decent recovery, but honestly, I expected lunch to be comp'ed entirely.  Just the egregious nature of the mistake calls for free lunch, at least from my point of view.  Apologies were nice.Will I come here again? Eh, maybe not for lunch bc I'm not looking to have a European lunch that drags on for X hours.dmo out.
2	Meh. That's how I feel about this place, and you know my review is honest because I didn't pay for my meal!As part of my job as a catering manager my boss asked a few of us to check this place out for lunch to see what sort of competition it was.  A free lunch?  You don't have to ask me twice!We headed down about 1:30pm on a Wednesday and there were a total for 4 people in the place besides us.  The kitchen is totally open so you can see your food being prepared which I thought was cool but the chefs I was dining with didn't agree.I ordered the salmon salad in an attempt to be healthy and also because it sounded good.  It came out quickly but lacked all the "stuff" I want in a salad.  On the menu it said roasted peppers, green beans, grilled salmon, blue cheese and lemon vinaigrette.  The salmon seemed like it was from a can, there was one roasted pepper, 2 green beans and 3 chunks of blue cheese.  The vinaigrette was more like lemon scented olive oil and I had to ask for more to coat the salad.  No good.My coworker ordered the chicken sandwich which looked good and the fries were tasty, someone else ordered the shrimp and grits and they enjoyed it.  The service was good and it smells like a campfire in there but overall I don't know if I'd go again!
4	Came here recently with a group of 9 on a Thursday night to celebrate a birthday.  At first when entering the place looked dead on the first floor bar area where you enter.  Once we were led upstairs we realized pretty much all the tables were full.  The place stayed pretty busy until we left at around 10.  I really liked the decor and feel, rustic but still modern.  Most of us in the group had been to their other location so we knew pretty much what to expect.  However this time we all agreed that the food was better than we remembered.  I think that is a great sign for a second location that hasn't been open long.  Service was pretty good, they gave us time to order and the food came out pretty quick.  We had been drinking so we were a little loud and slow but it did not phase the staff much.  There were a couple times we needed something and it a look a few minutes to find one of the two people helping our table, but we didn't mind.  All of the food I tried was well seasoned/sauced and cooked nicely.  I started with a special for the day, fried green tomatoes with rock shrimp.  The shrimp tasted fresh and the sauce tied everything together well.  For dinner I had mussels which also tasted fresh and were served with a broth that was real good but I can't remember what was in it.  I also got the opportunity to try the hanger steak which was juicy and accompanied by a tasty sauce, the wings which are always solid, and the dessert given to the birthday girl, a coconut cake which was quickly consumed by everyone.  Can't wait to return.
2	I'm assuming this is a new location given the lack of reviews.  - we had no problem seating a party of 6 without reservations on a Monday night.- Waitress did a nice job choosing a wine by the glass for me with no direction other than a white that is not a Chardonnay and offered a taste of her selection before giving me a full pour.--as mentioned in reviews for the other location, servings are not huge and sides are a la carte.--they were willing to make substitutions (e.g. no arugula) for one of the members of the party.--offered to split the checks to accommodate various expense accounts.As for the food:I ordered 1/4 "natural" chicken (which I assume means that it was not the BBQ), dark meat and while it looked beautiful, it was dry. Although it was served with lots of liquid, the meat itself was still chewier than I'd like. Roasted fingerling pototoes--were tastyCoffee drink after (the one with chocolate liqueur and Bailey's) was just kind of meh--nothing to write home about.
4	Moderate cost, American food. Very good, excellent pilsner beer. Wood fired chicken awesome.
5	Not sure why there aren't more 5 star reviews.  I thought the food was incredible--especially the fava bean frito (which is a "du jour" item so not sure if it will be available regularly, esp. since it's a seasonal dish).  Everything was flavorful and flavored well (I hate having to add salt to things, so getting that flavor balance right is key).  The mac and cheese was smoky and the addition of gruyere quite key.  The onion ring straws were fantastic/addictive.  The roast chicken was moist and delicious.  And the roasted beets were sweet and nutty and we ordered 2 dishes between 3 of us because we loved them so much.  My cousin and husband split a lemon tart that, initially, they thought they'd only take a bite of for something sweet at the end of the meal, but they ended up licking the plate clean.Came here for dinner--had good service--maybe it's different at lunch but I really thought it was great.
5	My wife and I ate at Rooster's last night (05/31/2012).  We had the speckled trout special, the hanger steak, the potato gnocchi, the polenta, and the asparagus. All the food was delicious.Rooster's has a diverse, decent, reasonably priced wine list. We enjoyed a Spanish Priorat.
5	Love this new Roosters in Uptown. Still has the wonderful charcuterie, but we were thrilled the night we went to get an excellent soft-shelled crab with fried green tomatoes.  Service was outstanding and the wonderful coconut cake Nobles made famous still rules!
5	What's not for me to love?  Same Roosters only way closer to the LKN area.  Have been to the Uptown location twice now and each visit brought a 5 Star experience.  Food, service, wine selection... All are spot on.  My wife and I went ahead of the Coldplay concert this past Tuesday and had another great meal.  Whenever something from the daily specials menu sounds like it will hit the spot, we go that direction.  This visit that meant a fig salad for her and a wild boar ravioli for me.  Both were outstanding.  I had a Caesar and she the Pasta and tomato sauce from the regular menu to supplement and they were excellent as well.Keep up the good work Chef Noble...
5	New location off to a great start. Short ribs live up to their reputation. Had mac & cheese and au gratin potatoes as sides-both made with goat cheese and both very yummy. A bit loud which made conversation across the table difficult, but is you want good food and a lively environment it's a great choice in Uptown.
5	I've been to the Southpark Rooster's Wood Fired Kitchen location more than one time, and loved it!  Tonight, just before heading over to see Roger Waters perform The Wall, we stopped in for dinner at Rooster's uptown.  I'm very glad that we did!  The meal was excellent!So, what an evening!!  Great concert preceded by a great dinner!  When we arrived at around 6pm, the bar (downstairs) was already full.  Fortunately, my brother had arrived a little earlier and managed to get a table without a reservation.  Look, don't press the luck too far here - this place is popular and it does fill up!!  So, if you can find time, make the reservation!!The menu is basically the same (or very similar to the menu at Southpark. My brother had one of the specials,  a Tile fish dish.  I decided to try the BBQ Chicken.  For sides, we had beets and another special squash dish.  Everything was excellent!  The BBQ chicken was tender and flavorful!  I would order it again,  for sure.  Actually choosing a side was a little difficult, because they have some great choices available!  I've had the mac-n-cheese and pan-fried corn before - both excellent!One more big plus to note, is that Rooster's has a great beer list with several local craft beers available!  Of course you can get the others, but I really enjoy trying local beers and to have so many choices, is great!  I had the NODA Brewing Company Ramble on Red, and I would recommend that too!The service was excellent!  We had a very friendly, helpful, and professional waiter that never kept us waiting.So, it's nice to know that this fine restaurant now has two locations in Charlotte!  I'll be back - to both, I'm sure!!
5	Simply an amazing dining experience. The first floor is mainly a bar area with high tops, and the second floor is the actually dining space with an open kitchen. The lighting was soft, romantic, with classy fixtures, great place for a date! I ordered a quarter dark-meat chicken with nature flavoring, and a butter wilted spinach on the side. The spinach was rich in flavor, and it just melted in your mouth, so good! The chicken, to my surprise, was very flavorful and juicy. I guess that's the beauty of a wood-fired kitchen! My girlfriend ordered a steak burger with pomme frites (aka French fries). She ordered the steak burger medium well and it was cooked to perfection. The sauce came with the burger was spicy, almost tasted like wasabi in flavor. The fries had some sort of special house seasoning that took it to the next level. For desert, we shared a toasted coconut gelato, and it came with a very soft sugar cookie. The gelato had a mango flavor that blended in very well with the roasted coconut, and the cookie was soft and a wonderful addition both in presentation and in taste. Last but not least, absolutely great service! Please do yourself a favor and treat yourself at Rooster.
2	I ate here Saturday 7/28 at and feel the two star ranking of "Meh. I've experienced batter" is accurate.  I really wanted to like this place but it wasnt possible.  First the menu, I understand it is Tapas, was extremely complicated, did not flow well and was very unclear.  This was the worst menu I have ever seen.Second, the food was below average, especially the Flank steak which had a chemically after taste.  Also the ceasear salad was almost unedible. However, the goodnews.  The Au gratin potatoes were simply perfect, covered in melted cheese.  Seriously the best potatoes ever.  CongratS!Definantly not a place I will be back at, over priced for the quality of food you received, sorry Rooster.
4	A group of us went here before seeing a show at the Blumenthal. Great staff/service, great ambiance, great food! My husband got the short ribs with Yukon puree and I got the trout. So delicious with a great wine selection. Would definitely return.
5	Perfect dinner downstairs in the bar last night.  Two specials-heirloom tomato salad and seafood. Both delish with  fresh from the garden/ocean flavor. Oh, and, fabulous friend oysters! Joe, the bartender was a fun and gracious host.
4	Decided to celebrate our 11th anniversary here, and we were not disappointed! The setting was romantic without being too stuffy, the service top notch, and the food outstanding. I had the sea scallops with a side of potatoes au gratin, and my wife had the tuna. Both dishes were terrific, and the server's wine pairing top notch. Will definitely be back, although probably at the more-convenient South Park location.
4	Steak sandwich and BBQ Chicken are my two personal favoritesGreat service, great atmosphere and great location. You can find almost anything in Bank of America CenterReally like the open kitchen concept. You can watch your food being made...to a pointMake sure you have plenty of $$ to cover the bill. It isn't cheap
5	Just one thing....Best Fries Ever!
4	Service - 5 stars. The servers are knowledgeable, polite and professional.Ambiance - 4 stars. Mostly bar stool seating on the first floor. Stools have a neat curved design, but aren't incredibly comfy. Decent music, good mood lighting.Food - 4 stars. Had the pork shoulder - very good. Not the best I've ever had, could have been more tender. Vinegar sauce was bomb dot com. Coleslaw light and refreshing. Peas were buttery as could be, which won them points in my book.Drinks - 3 stars. The selection of various hard liquors was okay at best. Considering the meager selection, I don't really feel like my Basil Hayden neat should have set me back by $12. Beers were much more reasonable and numerous, including many local craft brews. Would have been nice to know the ABV percentages.To summarize, great place for a date. Nice ambiance will put you in the mood for romance. Just pray to the liquor gods that your date is not a whiskey/gin/vodka connoisseur, as they'll probably be disappointed. As for me, I'll probably be back because it's right across the street from work and I usually get done at around 10 pm.
4	Really a lovely place to enjoy a meal.  Great atmosphere and service.  Potatoes Au Gratin are best ever.
3	I found Rooster Wood-Fired Kitchen to be ... acceptable. Nothing spectacular, several mis-steps, food was OK to good, but not out-of-this-world. I'm holding this place to a bit higher standard than a typical casual-fine-dining place for two reasons. First, I was a customer of Noble's back in the day, and recall the exquisite food and service there. Second, at the rates they charge, it ought to be perfect.Ambiance: 4/5, but not what I was expecting.I disagree wholeheartedly with Aubrey F's characterization of this place as "romantic". It would be more well-suited to a large group having dinner and drinks than a romantic dinner. Large, noisy, open dining room with the kitchen in the middle. They use what is almost certainly reclaimed local wood as part of the decor. That's great, unless you're wearing a sweater and keep sticking to the side of the booth whenever your arm brushes it.Service: 2.5/5The best way I can describe the service is "muddled fine dining". Between the service and the food, it felt like a restaurant that had been open for a few weeks, not since March. We ordered a cheese plate appetizer, a soup, and two entrees. Here's how that worked: The server came by and asked what kind of water we'd like; water arrived quickly. She came back and asked if we were ready to order; we said we'd like the cheese plate, but weren't sure about entrees. The cheeses arrived within two minutes - really amazingly fast! We ate the cheese, leisurely, and were almost done when the server arrived to take our order. We placed the rest of the order. The soup arrived so quickly that I kind of pictured a very eager soup chef, ladle in one hand, HOVERING over the soup, ready to spoon out a bowl. Then a good 15-20 minutes passed before our entrees arrived. The gap between ordering and entree wouldn't have been so bad if she'd taken our order shortly after giving us the cheese, and if they'd held the soup a bit. The result of the service was we had "cheese...pause a moment...soup....wait and wait...and wait....entree", where it should have been "cheese, pause for a bit, soup, pause for a bit, entree". Food: 3/5The food was okay. A basket of wheat bread with a nice tasty olive oil showed up pretty quickly. The cheese plate - our "selection of 3"  - was delicious, and the high point of the meal. It was served with ... oh, I don't remember the name... thinly-sliced bread that had been toasted over the wood fire. Delicious. The tomato basil bisque was also very good. The entrees and side-dishes... My wife had the hangar steak. It was tender and well-seasoned, though she found it a bit salty. The fingerling potatoes were good-but-not-great - roasted sliced fingerling potatoes with just a bit of golden-brown crust on them. I had the pasta with squid ink, squid, and scallops. The good: The flash-fried scallops were delicious. The sauce had a lot of flavor to it, and the pasta was perfectly al-dente; the squid (so easy to do wrong!) was perfectly tender. The problem, again, was the salt level. It was almost bad enough to mention but not quite, that sort of "this is okay but I wouldn't get it again" thing. All in all, I found Rooster's to be adequate, nothing special. And I kind of was expecting something special, so I was a little disappointed.
4	When I walked into the downstairs bar, I was surrounded by the "beautiful people".  Definitely a place to see and be seen.  The restaurant upstairs started relatively quiet at 6pm.  By the time we left around 8pm, every table was occupied and the noise level was a litte on the high side.Dinner was the roasted chicken pizza, bourbon gnocchi and a salad from the day's special.  Everything was great, but the gnocchi was amazing.  I could have eaten numerous servings.  Dessert was a pumpkin ice cream sandwich - described to us as "thanksgiving in your mouth" - and the coconut cake.  Both were good but the coconut cake was our favorite.Service was excellent.
4	Good food, a bit expensive for what you get. They seemed to be "out" of several things on the menu and didn't tell us until we requested them. Small portions, I had duck confit with green bean and beets, pasta looked good, nice wine by the glass list. I wish we would have stayed in the bar area.
2	My husband and I travelled from York, SC to meet friends for a concert Uptown on Thursday evening. One of the couples we were joining made a reservation for six at the Roosters Uptown location.In the spirit of full disclosure, four of us arrived 15 minutes late to join the third couple at our reserved table. We entered the Bank of America complex on the wrong side and took a scenic tour of several catwalks, escalator banks and retail corridors in our quest to find the restaurant!  We were definitely late, and we accept responsibility for that.However, a note to Rooster's:(1) If you seat us, you are implying that it is within your professional capacity to serve us in a timely manner. (2) If it is apparent that you are in the midst of a rush you were inadequately prepared to handle, please alert the patrons arriving 15 minutes late to their reservation that it is in their best interest to dine elsewhere.(3) If your server is so far in the weeds to be unable, in retrospect, to take appetizer orders within the first 1/2 hour of the experience (let alone entree selections), simply be apologetic and bring our checks when they are requested. Snarky, rude servers reflect very poorly on the managerial staff of any establishment.As far as the actual dining room and the tiny sampling of the menu we accomplished:(1) The ambience is fantastic. In an area surrounded by modern, sleek and minimalist designs, Roosters manages to carve out a tiny niche reminiscent of a converted farmhouse, complete with lowered ceilings, weathered wood tables and beautiful iron chandeliers. The restaurant felt intimate and casual but with an elegant touch.(2) The Skinny Margarita Martini was perfect. Fresh lime pulp added just enough tartness....full flavor, ice cold, and delicious.(3) The beer selection was fairly good and was served very cold. The server offered an excellent suggestion to my husband when his first choice was not available.(4) The bread is hardy, with a nutty flavor - paired with the dipping oil it is a wonderful start to what could have been a rich and tasty dinner.(5) Only negative; the water was strangely metallic and, well...yucky.
3	Was in here for lunch a few weeks ago.  Were directed downstairs by the host and then got down there and no one spoke to us.  It looked like they were still getting set-up for lunch.  We had to get someone's attention to ask if we should seat ourselves.Service was pretty lackluster start to finish including some confusion over the 1/2 sandwich and soup combo.I got the Pimento Cheese Sandwich with fried corn.  The Pimento Cheese was served on two big slices of well-buttered bread.  The bread slices were SOO thick that the pimento cheese got lost.  I just wanted more Pimento cheese. Now the Fried Corn was actually awesome.  Salty and crispy.  YUM.  I wanted a lot more of that.The restaurant itself is very warm and comfortable in its design and decor.I'd go back but I would probably try other places in Uptown first.
4	I LOVE Roosters!!!  Haha - it is so perfect for me.  Located in 1BAC (also attached to Founders Hall) it is very easy to get to.  The bar is downstairs where they have bar bites (I heard they are great but have not tried them.)  Upstairs is the main restaurant with a huge open kitchen - love that!!  It makes a very exciting atmosphere.  The booths are cozy and welcoming.    Great variety on the menu and huge wine list.  The fried oysters are the best I have ever had - light breading and smooth flavor.  I have had sandwiches here as well as the BBQ quarter chicken.  The BBQ sauce is homemade and very unique.  It is a thin sauce but exceptionally flavorful.  The portions are small but I think they are perfect for me - I hate taking leftovers home (especially if I am headed to a play at the Booth next.)  Great spot!
4	I made a reservation at Rooster's on NYE before the Widespread Panic concert around the corner at the arena.  It has a great location to grab a bite to eat if you're going to an event there.  I have a friend that was a chef at the South Park location for a few months, but I never dined there.  The food was pretty good and I wish I would have tried it out sooner.We shared a 3 cheese plate, she had a salad, and I had the steak burger.  The cheese plate was was a great way to start off the meal.  The Gouda was my favorite as it had a great smokey flavor.  Each cheese is about $7-8 per 2 oz. serving, but you can get a 3 cheese/1oz. sampler for $13.  I can't say much for the salad, I only took one bite, but it was fresh with a nice light vinaigrette.  My burger was great though.  It was cooked perfectly and was very juicy.  It had a ciabatta bun over a traditonal one.  I think a traditional bun would be better suited in my opinion, but the meat is the most important part and they nailed it.  It came with a choice of side and I got the mac & cheese.  The sauce was creamy and it had a nice sharp flavor.  You can order from a choice of 3 different cheeses and I went with cheddar (server recommended the cheddar over the other choices).  The burger w/ side was $10, pretty reasonable.  I didn't see a beer list, but I tried a local Charlotte brew that I haven't had before.  That's always a good thing.The service was great and I had a good meal in a cool open kitchen atmosphere that put me in an awesome mood to ring in 2013!
1	Actually, want to give this 0 stars. I was asked to sit at the chef counter when I did not want to and they had about 6 booths open....ridiculous....will never step in that restaurant again.
2	I had high hopes for this place when I decided to make reservations here for my fiance's birthday. We had walked past this place many times and always said we'd try it one day. The potatoes au gratin were delicious. Otherwise the rest of the food we ordered was all right, but nothing that I'll be dying to try again.
5	Best food in Charlotte!
5	While I've been to both Rooster's locations many times, this was my first lunchtime visit and guess what... 5 Stars again!  I'm glad too as there was some amount of reputation at stake since it was a team lunch and all I was doing ahead of time was raving about Rooster's.  Thankfully, and no surprise, they delivered.We all started with a cup of tomato basil bisque and right after the first spoonful there were unanimous sounds of delight.  Lunch main dishes around the table ranged various salads, chicken salad sandwich and one special of the day which was catfish tacos.  Everyone was fully happy with what they got.  Service was spot on as well with glasses of tea and water kept full and enough checking in to make sure all was well without being overbearing.Winner, winner, Roosters dinner.  Err..... lunch. :)
5	Roosters is a phenomenal restaurant nestled in uptown. Went last night right before the bobcats game.  Unfortunately didn't have reservations so our only option was to sit upstairs at the chefs table. This was the best experience and will sit there everytime we go again. Its like being in the middle of hells kitchen only without all the competition and language.  It was an experience to see each address each other as chef, work together and bring amazing food. 3 seats down I believe we had the honor of the head chef/owner (sitting there enjoying food)who checked in with us to make sure everything was up to par.  We started with the cheese and salami pizza which was perfect size to share and tasted wonderful.  We then moved to mac n cheese, chili cauliflower, duck breast and as an added bonus the chef gave us a sampling of their creamy yukon. All were to cooked to perfection and easily one of the best meals I've had in Charlotte. Mac n cheese was creamy, perfect spice on the cauliflower and the duck was cooked to perfection.  We finished the meal with some bread pudding which was also very tasty.  will definitely be heading back soon
5	Great food, great ambience, excellent wait staff. Our waitress was very knowledgeable, and was always ready to give us a helping hand. We got there a bit late and was stuck about 30 mins after they closed, and we never once felt rushed to leave. I would love to eat there again
4	We went to Rooster's in uptown on Saturday.  We decided to stop for dinner because of the wonderful smokey smell as you walked by.  Kevin and I split the smoked wings and potatoes au gratin.  The wings were awesome as, were the potatoes - nice and cheesy!  Another member of our group got a half bbq chicken, the smell was amazing, I want to go back to try that.  Someone else ordered the chicken and mushroom pizza, he said that was wonderful.Service was good!  We went in as a party of 9 without reservations and they were able to seat us downstairs.  Drinks and food came out pretty quickly with no problems.I give Rooster's 4 starts just because it can get a little pricey by ordering a la carte.  I look forward to going back - and/or trying the location in South Park.
5	I'm new to the area and discovered this place on accident. I've been to both locations and they are both fantastic! I've lived here 5 months and been probably 5 times already. The food is fantastic, I've ordered a few things on their menu and it's always good but I tend to eat most of my husbands pasta-it's a simple dish but it's the best pasta I've ever had. The customer service here is great too! I went to this location a week or so ago and ordered the tomato soup as an app without realizing there was goat cheese on it so I had to send it back (I'm pregnant) and the waiter was so gracious about it! We told him why and at the end I also ordered a dessert which came with flakes of brandy (or some kind of alcohol) so he warned me just in case! The prices here are also very reasonable. When I could drink the mojitos are very good! So far it's my favorite place in Charlotte and we've been to quite a few!
4	Came here for lunch with co-workers.  Nice upstairs location with cool old wooden decor and hogheads and roosters decorating the walls.  Good menu selections of meatloaf, chicken, pork BBQ, turkey sandwiches, etc.  The veggie sides looked good too like fried corn, but were high at $6 each.  I went for the Carolina BBQ sandwich with slaw and pommes frittes, simply quite good.  My buddy enjoyed the turkey salad, and the other enjoyed his smallish pizzette/pizza.  The only one disappointed was one who ordered the chicken salad, which came out like a wedge salad (half a head of lettuce in the middle of the plate and smallish ingredients scattered on the edges).  Bottom line, nice place for a slight splurge for lunch in a nice setting.
3	I went here for a relaxing lunch, drawn by the scent of smoke. As I was dining alone, I was offered a choice of a seat by the cooking area (a backless stool) or a booth. I chose the booth, as those stools looked very uncomfortable. The upstairs has dining tables and the cooking area for seating. The place is dim and reasonably quiet, very stark, almost monastic decor. I had my heart set on shrimp and grits, but wanted the waiter's opinion on what was best. After learning he felt the shrimp and grits were the best in CLT, I went for it. As the menu advertised they had bread baked special for them at King's Bakery, I was surprised no bread basket was offered or provided. My food arrived and it looked and smelled amazing. Four shrimp, some andouille sausage and grits in a spicy red sauce. The grits were very coarsely ground, which became an issue, as I kept getting unexpected, sharp pieces of corn husk in my mouth. The dish was quite good, except for the grits. One doesn't expect sharp anything in grits. The waiter returned immediately after I received my plate and before I tasted the food, then never returned except to collect my check, leaving my order in the hands of the busboy (who was quite nice and helpful). The busboy offered me a dessert menu (I passed as desserts are $8 a pop and all I wanted was a bite of something sweet), got me my check and was genuinely attentive (something I can't say for the waiter). Don't know that I'll return, but I might give them another chance.
3	I will be honest, I thought this place would be better than it actually was.  I had the half chicken, which I had heard was a must try.  It was a must not order again though.  It is not that the chicken was really bad, it just really lacked any flavor was was not very weel cooked.  It was that... "Is this done?" type of pink.When you walk in the place looks great and I was hoping for more than undercooked food and horribly slow service.
4	I joined and friend for lunch here, and what a great place. The restaurant was packed, but we got two seats surrounding the kitchen, which was an added bonus! We enjoyed soup, pizza, and a few greens. The soup, tomato basil, was delicious. The roasted chicken pizza was cooked to perfection, with a nice crust, and a perfect size for a lunch pizza. A definite spot I will be back to. As for the four stars, are waiter was nice, but a little busy so the service was a little slow.
4	Went for dinner on a Saturday with 7pm reservations.  There were several empty tables around us but they quickly filled up.  Nice decor and a comfortable setting.  From the Bank of America parking garage, go through the doors near the elevators on Level 6.  A short walk takes you to a down escalator that puts you at the upstairs entrance.The food was very good and our server, Matt, was very helpful as we navigated the menu.  His knowledge of the menu was on point as he explained the differences in the red wine reductions served over the duck breast and beef short ribs.  (Duck breast sauce more sweet and short ribs sauce more savory.)We shared the charcuterie sampler (3 meats, 2 cheeses and crostini served with olives and hot mustard.)  We made our selections from both the standard menu and the daily menu, which included sopresatta and salami.  A great appetizer for sharing.Our entrees were the braised beef short ribs and the salmon.  The ribs were tender and flavorful.  The preparation of the salmon was very simple (seasoned and grilled) but was executed perfectly.  We had sides of pan fried corn and yukon puree and both were excellent.  The portion sizes of the sides were sufficient for two.In summary, great food and great service.  Can be a bit pricey when you start adding sides.  But we will definitely go back.
5	I celebrated my birthday here on Saturday with nine of my friends and I can't say enough great things about this place!  Service was exceptional and the food was even better!  Since moving to Charlotte I've struggled to find good, simple, fresh food done well in uptown and Rooster's ended that search!   Everyone loved the food and all the efforts of the staff who took care of our large party of 10.  I don't normally like BBQ chicken but I LOVED it here in addition to the side of mushrooms and Mac & Cheese!  I will certainly be back!  Thanks Rooster's for helping make my 31st exceptional!
2	The food is pretty good here and it's a good place to eat but I'm giving it a 2 star review because I drove Here intending to eat here and in the mood for their food and they closed an hour early because they were slow.
1	Our server served us water and that's all we ever saw of her.  She NEVER returned to our table. The restaurant wasn't full. Our server spent her time at other tables. We got up and left after 20 min. We told the manager why we were leaving. He said "ok. Have a good night". Thats it. We won't return.
5	Everything we had was wonderful. Shared three tapas: duck, mussels special and tuna. Then picked sides to share. Everything you read about Mac and cheese is true. Sinfully rich but not so thick that it overwhelms. Roasted beets and spinach were a great compliment. Wine selections were also nice. Service was excellent.
1	Overpriced and underwhelming, I understand when green beans are called haricot verts they are going to be pricey but when you order a dish and they ask you what side you want and one of your options is haricot vert, please don't charge me $8. Let just seems wrong. It's located next to the ritz so I guess you can charge what ever you want but locals this is not the place for you.    The server was more concerned with the employee meal she was sampling than our needs. Thanks but no thanks
3	This place is suppose to be that good????Locals around me raved that this was a great place for a meal... But I begg to differ.I ordered the chicken, beets and corn. It was just OK. I was expecting to have flavor through out the chicken. It wasn't there. Actually there wasn't much flavor and seasoning throughout the food.And everything is all Ala-carte. Which is nice to do if everything is really good.But so far what I tasted in here was just so so. So it wasn't worth the price I paid.Sorry!The staff was great and nice i just nice I just hope they season up the food a bit and they will have a hit.This place is not dog friendly. ;-)
4	Rooster is a classic example of farm-to-table cooking. Locally sourced ingredients prepared with with care in an open kitchen. The setting is elegant without being pretentious. Our waiter was informed and made some excellent recommendations. Started with the charcuterie sampler which included house smoked salmon, 2 cheeses, 2 house made salami and olives. Dinner included pork loin with grits and kale. Also, a nice pan seared sole with vegetables. A side of the pan roasted corn went well with all.Overall a great experience.
2	Nice atmosphere and a great menu and everything looked really good. However, I have never experienced more salt in my food ever. It's a shame because everything looked and sounded good but I just can't get past the over loading of salt. This review based only on the food , everything else ( beer selection, service) 3.5 stars.
5	Will definitely come back! The hubby and I ate here before a concert, and it was wonderful! We had a reservation and were seated right away. Servers were excellent and so was the food! It was a bit noisy though, which would be my only complaint, but no biggie. :) We had the flank steak (cooked to perfection - medium rare), the au gratin potatoes (which were AWESOME!!!!!), spinach, and shared a bottle of moscato. It was the perfect pre-concert meal and the perfect atmosphere.
1	Way overpriced.  A good place to go if somebody else is paying.  Tiny portions.  I wanted to laugh at the waiter when he brought my baby-sized plate of noodles, then I realized he was serious. This was my main entree.  The place smells wonderful with the wood fire and all.  If they'd only give you some food.
5	Excellent service, good wine, and delicious food! Highly recommend the charcuterie sampler and gnocchi with duck.
4	Pan seared Scallops,  rotisserie chicken, beets and peas were excellent.  The molten chocolate cake was a good desert but I think frosting and ice creme would be an improvement on this desert item.
4	This was a great restaurant in close proximity to Blumenthal. The atmosphere was warm and cozy. The food and service were excellent. The best things we ordered were the onion rings, skillet corn and the lamb chops. I would recommend this restaurant for a date night or any special meal.
4	Went here with some coworkers after a long day in a team all-hands meeting. Local brews on tap. Food sourced from local vendors. Prepared in simple, yet flavorful ways. We ordered the charcuterie sampler to start. The spread of meats & cheeses was enough to get our palates excited.But that's where the excitement ended for most of us. I appreciate what Rooster's is trying to do, but I agree with some of the others that say it seems a little overpriced. The bill was picked up by our boss & even if it wasn't, it would have been expensed, so while I got to enjoy myself I don't know if I would go that often if I lived in the city. I had the mac & cheese and the wilted spinach. The mac & cheese was creamy but lacked a touch of salt. The spinach was delicious, but there was a little too much liquid on the plate for my personal preference. However, when I took a bite of spinach with mac & cheese at the same time, it was a perfect bite. Meet some friends in the bar, grab a beer or two & share some snacks. If you're not used to this type of dining (smaller portions, farm to table, etc) this place isn't for you. If you're expecting 'traditional American-sized portions' find somewhere else. You won't be happy here.
3	Food was really good but the service was terrible. Wish I was able to give 2.5 stars.
4	We came in from out of town and picked this place based on the Yelp reviews.  In this case, Yelp got it right again.I fretted over the menu for about 20 minutes because I honestly wanted to try everything.  In fact, I'm sad that I don't live in Charlotte because I'd keep coming back here until I tasted every last item on the menu!I had the short ribs, my partner-in-crime had the BBQ chicken.  At first I preferred the chicken, which was much more than just a standard BBQ chicken.  I'm not sure what magic they work on those birds, but I'm not a big fan of "plain old chicken" and they took theirs to a whole new level.  I'd definitely recommend going for that if you're going to eat there only once.  As I kept eating, I began to truly appreciate my short ribs.  They melted in my mouth and had the perfect little micro salad and sauce to keep it interesting and utterly delicious.As for the sides, I wanted every one of them but we settled on the corn fest: roasted corn, succotash, and fingerling potatoes.  The succotash was to die for, and so was the corn itself.  I liked the potatoes a lot with my short ribs but my friend was not a fan.Great highlighting of local beers, but I wished they had more than just IPA and hop overload.I'm giving the place 4 stars because of the service.  According to their website, the place was booked solid and we nabbed the last reservation (at 3pm!).  We found to our dismay that we were the only ones there.  It was very awkward and frustrating to be sitting in an empty restaurant and being blatantly aware that we could have showed up at least an hour later and it wouldn't have made any difference.  I think the waitress could have handled a bit more than two people.  The place was empty as we were leaving and finishing our meal.
4	Local restaurant next to The Ritz Carlton with a nice beer & wine selection. Wood fire grill yum! Mac & Cheese to die for.
3	I'm averaging out this review to 3 stars.  I had a 2 star experience for my birthday but my friend convinced me to go back tonight and it was 4 stars. First visit:  September, I got the pork belly 'special'  It was terrible.  AWFUL.  The sides were good, but the main meal was nasty.  The pork belly was rubbery and about the size of an art eraser and served with a juice that was not very good.  The whole meal was just bad, and it was my birthday.  They did comp me a piece of coconut cake with a candle....but the meal, i was pissed.Second visit:  I got the quarter BBQ chicken.  It was delicious.  This is what both of my girlfriends got the first night and why they wanted to go back tonight.  It was well seasoned and delicious.  As with our first visit the sides were also on point.So i'm going to average this review out and my tip to any future patrons would be to give the specials a very wary eye...they may be good, but they may not be.  Might be better to stick with what they do best.
5	Where can you get duck tenders?  They were one of the specials tonight at this unique wood fired grill/gastro pub!  They were actually tender with a decent but not overpowering  breading, and the chili aioli dipping sauce had a sneaky heat that was just right.Usually I'm a carnivore for my main course,  but this time I went for the mushroom pizza, a thick layer of asagio cheese served over an even thicker layer of finely chopped showrooms laced with garlic, shallots & truffle oil.  Yum.  Plain & simple.
4	I've been to Roosters on a couple of occasions and I was pretty pleased with the entire experience. The first time I went was with a coworker for lunch. I tried the steak burger with fries and he had the spitroasted turkey breast sandwich. I had no complaints about my food but the service was a little slow, which is irritating when most people need to squeeze in lunch within an hour. The second time I went was for another company dinner. I got the BBQ chicken, assorted mushrooms and the butter wilted spinach. Every dish was outstanding and the service was excellent as well. I was also able to try the mac & cheese, Au gratin potatoes, and the gnocchi duck sugo and really enjoyed all of them. It's still not my top choice with all of the surrounding uptown restaurants, but I'm in no way disappointed.
5	I visited Roosters on a recent visit to Charlotte.  The food was awesome!   They had a couple of my favorites on the menu so I had to try them- mussels as an appetizer and duck breast as an entree.   Both were incredibly tender and very tasty, among the best I've ever had in fact.   I gave the place five stars because the food was so good.   If I had to ding them I'd say the waiter was below average and the beer list is a bit disappointing given the nice wine list.   I plan to return on my next visit  to Charlotte.
5	I LOVED the everything, I got the salmon and it was cooked to perfection. My sister went with the steak. And it was very juicy. We also got the side of potatoes which was very creamy and side of green beans. Those were very tasty! The atmosphere was pretty nice and it wasn't crazy busy around the time we went. I recommend everyone to go here you won't be disappointed! Service was excellent as well.
5	I ordered the pep pizza however my family all ordered various other meals that all looked fantastic. I had food envy for each of their plates. The pizza was great, small and flat bread but enough to fill you up. My family all loved their meals as well. Prices were reasonable for the food portions and quality.
2	I feel like I have to write a few comments about our experience at Roosters uptown on Feb. 15. It was a late Valentines dinner before a show uptown for us. When I entered, one of the first things I saw was that the restaurant inspection score on display was one of the lowest I have seen in Charlotte restaurant. I debated for a minute, then decided to give it a try anyway. We were seated promptly, but were seated at tables where the well-used  menus (with dirty fingerprints) were placed on top of our bread plates, not handed to us. I was truly grossed out, and did not touch that plate. I noticed that a table nearby that was reserved for a large party was set up in the same manner. I should have spoken up, but didn't. I'm not a germaphobe, but that is pushing the limits where public health is concerned.Our server was very nice, but clearly inexperienced, and often no where to be found. It's the type of restaurant where I would have expected a little more training of the employees. Our food took a really long time, and our server did not keep us updated. We were early, and most of the later arrivals were eating before we were. I had the chef's special salad of the evening, which was very good but the dressing was a bit salty. My hanger steak was well prepared, but presented naked on the plate. My dining companion had the ravioli with short ribs, which he found to be well prepared, but a bit on the small size. In both cases, adding a little something to the plate would make you feel like your serving size was adequate and improve presentation.Not sure if or when we'll try Roosters again. My low score mostly reflects slow service, sanitation and presentation of the food, not quality, all of which are easily addressed.
5	Rooster's Uptown continues to satisfy and impress on several levels.The upstairs ambience is a favorite part of this restaurant. If you can be seated in a booth closer to the door leading to the bathroom, you can feel more private - which I prefer. The staff I've dealt with during my last 3 visits has been knowledgeable, helpful and agreeable.One of the lighting devices was aimed uncomfortably into our eyes (possibly from being cleaned), so we asked, and a server climbed up and re-directed it for us right then.The food is fresh and tasty, and the servers tend to give detailed descriptions and answer questions in a professional fashion. I have always trusted their recommendations, and am always satisfied.My order generally consists of a charcuterie plate with a bresaola and something close to prosciutto (I ask which current meat is closest to it), then 2 cheeses - also depending on the recommendation of the server and what they are featuring. Depending on appetite, a Barbee arugula with apples & chevre salad and maybe another item can suffice for two. Again, the special salad and meats must be taken into consideration. These often make the meal.The drink menu is designed to appeal to specific tastes and is manageable. The Queen's Cup - a play on the Pimm's Cup - can even be made with vodka per request.
4	I have always been a fan of Rooster (Uptown). I like the decor; the food smells good from the outside (love-hate relationship with that exhaust system... great smell, not so great for my hair and clothes). I particularly enjoy the bar area. I like the dark tavern feel, but with a touch of class. I also appreciate the chalkboard specials. I like small bites, especially since they are more budget friendly. Last night I stopped in to have a small dinner and ended up with the Beef Heart Bolognese. Yes, you read right... it took a long stare at the board and asking the bartender twice to confirm I was not seeing things. It's not everyday I see the heart organ on a menu. Basically it's Bolognese with chopped heart & liver. The sauce was delicious, and a hint of the distinct liver taste. The best part, however, was the gnocchi. It was fluffy like small pillows. $6 for a small bowl and it was very filling.I was less impressed by the Rooster Nuggest. It's literally small chicken nuggets, made with their fire roasted chicken. $5 and there were a dozen small pieces. It was perfectly fried, crispy yet not too breaded. Sadly the taste was off... I couldn't even pinpoint exactly what was off. The meat had an odd flavor.  The pomme frites was excellent. The service was ok. They were busy with the after work crowd, and with only 1 real bartender, he wasn't able to pay us much attention. I have dined upstairs in the dining room before. I also had the pleasure of attending a charity dinner catered by Rooster (it was to fundraise for The King's Kitchen, also founded by Chef Jim Nobles). I have always enjoyed my visits. It's nice enough for special occassion, but you don't feel too stuffy.
4	Rooster is a really good place, with simple food, relaxed atmosphere and nice staff. The menu is fairly simple and allows you to select meat versus sides "a la carte". Everything we tried during our first 4 visits in the last 2 months was good! Some of the highlights include:-Best mustard ever if you like French spicy mustard that will make you cry while you enjoy the taste of it. They do their own and because I cannot find anything close easily, I bought a big batch of it! - Best BBQ sauce, not only because it tastes good (a bit different than usual smokey BBQ flavors) but also because it does not stay on my stomach for 24 hours (i.e. easy to digest) ... also bought a big batch of it :)- Really good cured meat
4	Great date night place! The house smoked salmon is amazing, we paired it with the Humbolt Fog at our waitress' suggestion and it was just wonderful. Someone at your table must order the pork shoulder, it should not be missed! Very attentive waitstaff, good lighting, not too loud even on a Friday night. Food arrives at your table just minutes after ordering  their kitchen must be very well organized! We will definitely be back!
5	I've ate lunch here many times.  The food,  prices and service are fantastic every time. Very consistent and delicious.
5	Um. Yes. Yes. And yes. Not only is the food phenomenal. But the service was AMAZING. I wish I could remember our servers name. She was a tall slender girl with dark hair and an accent. We sat outside to enjoy the beautiful weather. My girlfriend and I face judgement just about anywhere we go, we were a little worried about that here because of how nice the place was but we got NONE. It was such a wonderful dinning experience. We most definitely will be back.
4	I ate here while in town for work. The atmosphere was chill and was a great place for me to sit and have a glass of wine alone at the bar. Good wine selection, and the wings I had were fantastic. If I was in the area again I'd go again.
5	We really enjoyed this restaurant in downtown Charlotte.  We were lucky to get in.  Delicious pasta with shrimp.
5	The food stands on it's own. The flavors are complex and bold. I would want a little more light in the restaurant. The bar downstairs is a lot of fun and has a good vibe. I love the food. The chicken has a great flavor. The potatoes wow.  I take all my guests to Charlotte there. Thank you for being here.
3	The environment and service was great. I love the rustic feel. However, the food was oversalted and not that inspiring.
4	Wonderful place in Charlotte!  Portions are perfect, staff is sweet and attentive, ambiance is lively .  Food is very good.  Even though I was there at an odd hour for them (3pm for lunch)..they welcomed me and the owner himself poured me a beer and made sure I had everything I needed.  Highly recommend this place if you are staying nearby from out of town or just want a classier break from the sports bar scene.
5	Perhaps the best short rib I've ever had with amazing sauteed mushrooms. Great atmosphere & service. Love this place!
5	Wow. Went to Rooster's for lunch and had the oyster salad. A generous portion of gently fried oysters atop salad greens with smokey bacon, balsamic dressing and bacon dressing on the side. IT....WAS...AWESOME. Ridiculously good. My friend had the grilled meatloaf topped with tobacco onions (fried onions) with mashed sweet potatoes and sauteed spinach.  It was awesome as well. I can't wait to come back for dinner and try other dishes! Cozy, rustic atmosphere.
5	Delicious fresh pasta dish, good service, and a casual atmosphere in the heart of Charlotte. I hope to go back to try more dishes on my next trip!
2	Not worth the price in my opinion. The food was mediocre, portions were sparse, service was practically nonexistent on a slow day (i.e. no excuse for being ignored).I work in Uptown and love smell coming from Rooster's. I decided to try it out and I was not at all impressed. I might be prompted to try it again... Hopefully I'll be inclined to change this review on a better day.
5	Great food and variety.  Great and timely service. Good value.  Everyone in our party of 8 enjoyed lunch.
5	Rooster Wood-Fired Kitchen is one of my favorite uptown options near the square.  Located easily in the Bank building, super convenient.  I've never had a bad dish here.  We typically order a bottle of wine, a charcuterie board, split a salad or meat, split a dessert, and consistantly leave extremely happy.Fantastic wine selection and the waiters know the wines.  We go at least once a month.
4	Husband and I ate here for a date night because it was close to the venue we needed to walk to.It looked expensive - the lighting was dark. Don't you all think that means a restaurant is expensive???Anyways, I was right...I mean expensive is relative, but compared to what we're used to, it was...but that's OK. The food was fu**ing fantastic. Why then only four stars???, well, because it was pricey and because the portions was small, in my opinion. The food was so good that I wanted more of everything we got, but to get more, we would have had to place a second order and shell out another $150 or so and that night we could not...we had a show to go to.Next time though, I'll remember to get three orders of the liver mousse...one as an appetizer, one to go with my normal meal and one to take home...
5	My daughter and I were visiting UNC Charlotte and had dinner here last night. The food was delicious. BEST short ribs ever!! The meal was amazing as was the service. We were looking for suggestions to shop after and the staff were so helpful. The manager is superb!! I wish they had this restaraunt in Boston!
5	Went to Roosters with my mom last night. Were from Boston and we wanted a nice Southern place to eat at. I found Roosters and we feel in love. The food was amazing. We got the hanger steak, Mac n cheese and corn. I gobbled it all down it was so good.The service was super great too. The waiters and the host were so lovely and helpful. One of the waitresses wrote down directions to a shopping district. She was very helpful. The manager was super nice too and gave us his card. Enjoyable experience!!
2	I would give this place a 2.5 if I could. To be honest, the food was mediocre. I tried to get the lunch special, which happened to be out at 12:30pm. There wasn't a big crowd either.Anyway, I ordered the sandwich that was as close as it gets to the burger in the lunch special, and it wasn't so good. It was edible. The fries were good. But we don't order lunch just for the fries.Oh, the server poured too much sweet tea into my glass when refilling so it spilled out. Luckily, I didn't get any on me.
4	YUMM!!Uptown, easy parking, service is quick & friendly. The food is delicious!! Completely fresh and local. Best Tip about this place: You can sit upstairs at the kitchen-side to watch them cook everything right in front of your eyes.
5	Fantastic food, superb service. We left our phone and card to catch a flight and our server came running around the corner to give it back to us. Talk about going above and beyond!
5	My absolute favorite restaurant in Charlotte - both for lunch and dinner. The upstairs is a great because you can watch them cook your food right in front of you, but the downstairs is awesome as well for more of casual dinner and drinks. The salmon is my favorite dish!
2	Went for dinner last night. To start, our server was awful. Our first exchange from her was, "What do you want to drink", no welcome, no list of specials, nothing. Where we at some roadside diner?Had the mussels to start. They were great. Good price for serving size. Husband had the special - pasta and clams in cauliflower sauce - he liked it. I ordered the hanger steak - medium from the gluten free menu (helpful) and the pommes puree (good). The steak was under cooked (my guesstimate would be closer to rare/medium rare with a cool red center), overly salty, very small (4.5-5 oz) and the sauce overpowered the flavor of the meat. It was unfortunate because it was a nice cut of meat. First tastes were charcoal/smokey and then salt. The saltiness was not preferred.Went again today (coworkers idea - said they did lunch well). Gave it one more shot. Had another poorly trained server. No gluten free lunch menu (not a problem - just inconsistent). Friend placed three different orders because the salmon salad was sold out, as was the sandwich special - we were sat at 11:45 AM. I ordered the meatloaf if it was GF (server had to check with the chef), if not I would have the roasted BBQ half chicken. The chicken showed up (surprise!) but was never asked if I wanted sides. Finally ordered corn half way through the entree and it arrive when the dishes were cleared. No apologies.Lovely concept for a restaurant. Very poorly executed. I will not return.
4	Had a great meal here last night. The bar was packed which made for a lively atmosphere. The server was friendly and prompt, and the bartender was awesome. Food is very tasty and well seasoned. Not sure if they serve dessert, because we weren't offered a menu, but the place had cleared out by then, so we were happy to head home.
5	My favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  The food is excellent, don't skip the sides for sharing!  The mac & cheese is great.  I have been here twice for large business dinners (20+ people) and the service was good except for refilling our wine which we were fine to do ourselves.
4	Nothing to complain about. This simple food was elegant and well thought out. If you enter from the first floor don't be fooled that the place is dead because the action is upstairs. The wings have a dry rub that is spicy and keeps you going back for more; the short rib is delicious; the sweet corn on the side is amazing. Enjoy.
2	The miscato was delicious, hanger steak was very small portion, sauce was mediocre, onions rings waaaaayyyy oversalted, mashed potatoes over salted, pasta dish very small portion  flavor was good all for a whopping 100000$!
5	These guys are doing something!  I love Charlotte and where the food is going, but for now, a lot of it seems pretty similar to me.  There are some huge exceptions and these guys are one of them.You can come in through the front door downstairs or in through the Bank of America building upstairs.  The downstairs entry leads you straight to the bar and is great for a quick bite.  However, I prefer the upstairs, where I can see the open kitchen.  You can see it all, foodies rejoice!  You can see and even feel the wood fired ovens, if you sit close enough.  These chef's can obviously take the heat.As far as the food goes, we ordered it all.  The waiter knew off hand where many of the ingredients came from.  First, I tried a beautifully crafted BLT.  Kind of funny because they pretty much share the Ritz with BLT steak.  All smokey and crunchy.  A must in my mind.  Then, superb shrimp and grits.  Next, a cool play on bahn mi done NC style with sous vide pork shoulder and house made pickled veg.  Smoked and spice rubbed chicken wings that put pretty much any bar in Charlotte to shame.  Even the meatloaf was taken to the next level.  The sweet potatoes were a perfect match.I don't have anything bad to say, I love this place.  If I was a banker still, they would see me 2-3 times a week.  I can not think of another downtown restaurant that I'd recommend over it if someone asked.
5	Another solid meal during my stay in Charlotte.My brother and I had a ton of the menu : gnocchi duck sugo, duck confit, bresaola, mushrooms campo de montalban pizza, anson mills polenta, and Barbee Farms butter wilted spinach.My favorite thing was the duck confit, and everything else was fantastic although the pizza could've used the slightest hint of something spicy to take it good to great. Definitely a place to hit up next time I'm in town to visit him.
5	On a recent visit to Charlotte we visited Rooster's for dinner. I had the grilled salmon and was very impressed. It was perfectly seasoned and had a wonderful smoky grilled flavor. I also had the kale caesar which was quite tasty. I'll definitely be back when I visit Charlotte again.
4	Went here based on the reviews of the beef short ribs and mac and cheese and wasn't disappointed.   The place was very busy for a Wednesday night I'm downtown Charlotte, which was surprising. The decor and ambiance was better than expected and the service was terrific.
4	Good ambience. Our reservation was found promptly and we were immediately seated. Service was prompt. They got a wrong side dish but when I pointed that out they immediately replaced it with the right one. Chicken was good and moist. Definitely above average.
4	We chose Rooster's Uptown because of the reviews and the proximity to the Belk Theater.  We started with kale caesar salads, and chose hanger steak and the pork belly special served with black rice and root vegetables as entrees, and the pan fried corn as a side.  Everything was well prepared and delicious. We enjoyed the ambiance, the attentive service, and the convenient location.  Our dinner was a bit expensive, but there are plenty of less expensive options on the menu.
2	I went to Rooster's for lunch and we were all very disappointed. They must not have prepared well, because on Monday they were out of a lot of menu items. After three of my top choices were out, I settled on the iceberg, bacon, blue cheese salad. It is listed that way on the menu, but it is actually just iceberg with bacon topped with blue cheese dressing. The bacon was overcooked. My server didn't come back after dropping the food off for 15 minutes, by which time I didn't have any more time to order another item. My friends fries were cold.
5	Excellent food and great service at the bar!  I had the hanger steak, au grated potatoes, and corn and everything was 5 stars!  Amazing flavor!Great beer selection as well and the staff was top notch!
5	My husband and I ate here before seeing a show at the Blumenthal (which is conveniently located right next door) and sat at the chefs table looking in on the crew preparing dinner. The atmosphere was akin to Hells Kitchen, except for the loud screaming, crying or expletives with a British accent. Orders came in and everyone worked seamlessly to put out hot, delicious goodness. I had the seared scallops with wilted spinach and my husband got one of the nights specials - flounder. Now usually flounder doesn't make for a very thrilling dining experience, but this one knocked his knickers off. My scallops were buttery rounds of delightfulness that made me actually pause and enjoy each bite ... much unlike a normal American eater. To top it off, our server was Johnny on the spot with the check so we could get to our show on time. Outstanding!
5	Excellent Experience - the ambience is energetic and the activity in the open kitchen is very impressive. The appetizers were okay, but the rest of the meal was excellent. Our entrees were duck confit and scallops, and both were delicious. Our sides were pan fried corn and fingerling potatoes, and both were very good. For dessert we had the banana pie which was also very good. Overall we were very happy with the meal and glad we found a great local restaurant rather than a chain. We'll definitely come Bach when in Charlotte.
5	Love their food. It has great flavor that is closer to authentic than most in this town (Italian)
4	Came here for a celebratory drink after we finished taking national boards down the street. Not a bad place to meet for drinks in the downstairs bar area, not sure how upstairs is. More of an upscale bar. Different menu for lunch and dinner, came during lunch but wanted more of the dinner options /= They said they couldn't do dinner yet, boo. FOODScallop Salad (4 stars): Scallops cooked perfectly!! The salad itself needs a bit more work but the scallops make up for it.Mac 'n cheese (3.5 stars): Very cheesy. Too much for me, needed something else to balance it out. Spit Roasted Vietnamese Pork, Daikon, Baguette (4 stars): Lots of flavor, really good sandwich and meat! DRINKMoscow Mule (3.5 stars): Didn't get served in a copper cup =/ Too much lime also. Not sure if they knew how to really make this, bartender said he did but it wasn't on the menu. Try to stick to the menu.  It wasn't very strong either. ATMOSPHERE (4 stars)Sat downstairs at the high top tables. Looks pretty nice inside, open windows so you can people watch.  SERVICE (3.5 stars)Everyone was nice, but a little slow. Got a drink menu in the beginning then after ordering drinks was left with no menu, so had to flag someone down for that. Maybe there's better service upstairs but there wasn't very many servers downstairs.
3	I am not in love with this place. It's decent. I give them that much. But the first experience being bad with a terrible waiter who didn't know what's on the menu and couldn't remember the order, and a waiter getting me and my wife new drinks when I say I'd like to pay and go, makes me think are these guys serious?The drinks are good. The bar tender is probably good. But the waiters man... I was loud and clear when I said I'd like to pay so please give me the check. Not sure if he even understood what I meant for whatever reason. I still will go because the group of people I go there with from work are awesome, and it's for happy hours. But I wouldn't recommend it to friends if they asked for a great place to with great service.
4	I don't remember why we decided to stop here for dinner, but I'm glad we did. Not wanting to blow our budget on an expensive meal, we had to choose a bit carefully, but luckily there were options that interested us.We started with the house cured duck plate.  Super thin slices of tender, cured duck meat piled up on the plate with a drizzle of olive oil. It's delicate, subtly smoky, and wonderful.  I could have eaten two pounds of it. No, really. Chalk it up to poor impulse control.For the meal, we decided to order one of their pizzas and a batch of chicken wings, and split everything. The wings were really excellent - smoked/grilled, spicy and absolutely packed with flavor. The pizza (it was an olive oil based mushroom pizza) was a bit less fulfilling. It wasn't particularly bad, but it was a bit light on substance, and the olive oil base was overdone, leaving the pizza feeling too oily as a whole.The upstairs dining area is dimly lit and attractive, and it feels private in the booth, despite the room's size. Our waitress was great, offering her suggestions and maintaining just the right amount of presence.
5	We came here in November of 2012 on my first ever trip to Charlotte. My wife and I have been talking about moving here ever since. (That has more to do with Charlotte, not Rooster's, though we did love the restaurant.) We finally moved here a few days ago and I am looking forward to going back. The night we went, there were four of us and I believe Madonna was in town at the arena. We were told that we wouldn't likely get a table anywhere in town if we didn't have reservations. We ended up at Rooster's and sat at the chef's table. We could not have had a better experience and I would strongly recommend sitting up there if it's a busy night and you want a low-key dining experience.One quick question to all the people saying, "the portions were too small": You do know that this place is served as small plates, right? They are supposed to be small! And typically at restaurants that offer small plates, the more premium items tend to be a little small. This should not be a knock on Rooster's specifically, but more on the way small plates are done in this country.What I do remember was that all of the food was fantastic and the drinks were great. We had an absolute blast and like I said, we'll be back soon now that we live here!
5	Joe took care of us at the bar very close to closing time. He was professional, attentive, and witty. Good beer selection, which he was also knowledgeable about. No good - kitchen was closed
4	If wood roasted is your passion, this is your place! Our group enjoyed a wide variety of dishes along with some apps. They people that had the roasted chicken thought it was good, but found it to be light on flavor. They do not service the chicken with any sauces. It is a simple wood roast preparation. Again, they thought it was good, just not quite what they expected. I had the wings and loved them. So if you like your wood roasted chicken with a little kick, go for the wings. Everyone that had the beef entrees thought they were excellent. Service was a bit slow like when it was time for drink refills. And we were all a bit surprised how long it took to get our entrees. But nothing too crazy. The menu can be a bit overwhelming. I would suggest a bit more explanation of some of the less well known/southern items. That would help streamline the ordering process. We all had questions as we ordered.
1	After attending an event uptown, we arrived at Rooster's on College Street at 8:50 last night (11/17)  to be told they closed the kitchen just before we came in.  When we stated that their website says they close at 10:00, the hostess informed us that the restaurant has an "Open-close" policy...which means they are open to decide when to close. So, we went down the street to another establishment that was extremely happy to have our business.  Why publish closing hours if they are not valid.  This is no way to run a business.
5	Our first visit, my husband and I celebrated our one-month anniversary here and we will be back for sure!!!!The BBQ sauce is made from scratch and is by far the best sauce I have ever tasted and I'm not a BBQ sauce fan! It felt like there was a party in my mouth with every bite of the delicious BBQ chicken. My husband ordered the beef short ribs and it was so tender that it just fell off the fork as he ate it! Unlike the negative reviews about the service here, we had the best service experience! Almost everyone who worked at the restaurant whether our server or not asked us how we were doing and if everything was good. We live dangerously close to this place and can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!
4	I've been to Roosters many times over the years-I love the atmosphere. The chicken is to die for and the servers always have friendly attitudes. Sometimes, I go with my husband; other times, I bring my family. It's a great place for either type of outing. It's also a good place to go on a regular basis-menu never gets old!
4	Came here for Saturday night dinner with my girlfriend.  We showed up around 8 after she got off of work.  No regular tables available, so we settled for the kitchen bar (which is great for two people who want to see how food is made!).  We split the roast chicken, the beef short ribs, and the beets.  Beef short rob was great - fell right off the bone!  The chicken was nice and tender (we got dark meat), and the BBQ dipping sauce was mind-blowingly awesome (LOVED the chili kick it had).  Beets were OK - more my girlfriends thing than mine.  Would definitely come back and try roosters again!
1	$170 later and my brother is still starving having to go get a sub sandwich TINY portions , rude staff , out of half the menu at 445 ..... All in all a horrible experience. I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS EXPENSIVE DUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Horrible horrible ..... Such a waste of money
4	I had been to the Southpark location long time ago wasnt too impressed. However this Rosters totally redeemed themselves. I was debating where to have a friends bday dinner and the hostess Shayla was so friendly polite and helpful that she totally convinced me to do it there. Ive never had a hostess go bove in beyond like her before. Food service atmosphere was all good too. Will def b back
5	I love this place... Absolutely the BEST fried oysters I have EVER had! Lots of unique menu choices. Staff is very nice, friendly and on top of everything. Manager even came over to  greet us and ask how everything was. Can't wait to go back.
5	This is my favorite restaurant! The staff is always nice, the environment is always warm and welcoming, and the food is always AMAZING! I always order the BBQ chicken. It is a rotisserie chicken (awesome portion) with homemade BBQ sauce. The sides I have had are the mac n cheese, au gratin potatoes, and asparagus. They are all so yummy. The bread with oil and vinegar is to die for. LOVE this place.
2	Service was terrible! No drinks for 20 minutes the food arrived just after getting our drinks. Hello that is restaurant 101!!!!!!
1	I got the chicken it was god awful felt like me and my friends were at the kings kitchen! Than we found out its owned by the same guy jim nobles! I would like to know what places this guy owns so I do not go to them! God bless you jim but you food sucks!
5	Rarely do I write reviews, good or bad, but this place deserves to be properly elevated not only for an amazing food menu, but for a fabulous drink menu, a cozy, comfortable, unassuming atomosphere, and thoughtful, considerate and amusing wait staff. Our table had the braised short rib, salmon, burger, mac n cheese, potatoes au gratin, and kale salad, all of which were seasoned to perfection (not very salty, which I prefer) and sufficiently sized portions.  We also tried a couple of their desserts, which were pretty good, but I'm not big on dessert...I'm big on the main course, which was delicious!Maybe I got lucky, maybe not, but I will definitely be going back to Roosters next time I'm in Charlotte.
4	Aquavit has been a long time favorite of mine. This past year, however, I fear may have been their last hurrah. Recently, there have been noticeable staff changes and a blatant attempt to redefine the identity of the restaurant without Marcus and his crew in both the back and front of the house.
4	We went for a special occasion family dinner. Service was excellent, but the food was far from what we expect t given rave reviews here, at Zagat, etc. With the exception of a wonderful chilled corn soup, the other dishes were good, but not close to exceptional. We certainly expected more
3	My wife and I went for our first time last night and I have to say the food was very good.  We had two issues that, in my opinion were not handled well.  First, the restaurant was not very crowded and our waitress seemed over her head.  On two occasions the manager had to step in and on one another waitress stepped in.  Then we ordered the coconut cake which was totally dried out.  The manager came by to apologize for the new chef's mistake.  Now I do not expect to get anything free but after the excessive bad service and bad desert, comping the second "replacement desert" would have been a gracious gesture.  I am sure we will go back but if we have a repeat experience it will be the last time.
5	Food was delicious my husband and I really enjoyed ourselves...food...decor...staff...everything was wonderful...our waitress Shannon was great...thank you For the great experience.
