5	This deli/cafe rocks!  I had the chicken noodle soup and the Southwest Sizzler, and I thoroughly enjoyed both.  There are vegetarian options on the menu.  The ingredients used are top notch.
3	Eat unique has plenty of fresh offerings. The sandwiches are well-thought out and well-executed. Here's an example: I once got a wrap with fresh strawberries, goat cheese, fresh baby greens, chicken, and I think balsamic vinaigrette. It was perfect and light for summer time. And it went perfectly with crisp ice tea. The portions are a good size (some might argue its a bit on the small size).Its fairly crowded during lunchtime though. And because of this, service can be very very slow. I've waited for 30-40 min once for a sandwich. I know I'm not the only one because another customer at the time had to leave before she could get her sandwich. We got refunds though. I think they might be understaffed during lunch hours.Their iced coffee is very nice. It's deep, rich, and nutty. I might put a little cream in, but its pretty tasty on its own.
5	Portions are small but then so am I. I made a pledge that this would be my lunch place this summer (2008) so three or four times a week I walk over to Eat Unique from campus (Carnegie Mellon) and grab me some soup. Occasionally I get the soup & sandwich combo, but mostly just soup. It's great soup and a nice light lunch. The Tomato-Feta soup is my favorite, the White Turkey Chili is also great. The Southwest Sizzler or the Sweet Bean Hummus are probably the best sandwiches. Lots of veggie options!
5	The food is excellent - the soups are amazing (especially the Garden Chili and Tomato Basil Feta soup), there are some awesome sandwiches (Autumn Griller, Southwest Sizzler, Sweet Bean Hummus.) The muffins are baked fresh and the owner/baker, Dave, is a genius with these.The staff in general seems to be good at what they do. Only real issue is sometimes the staff is hard pressed to keep up with demand, so things get slow. It seems like this may be an issue of kitchen size though.The portions are somewhat small compared to most restaurants, which are ridiculously large, and at lunch time the place can get packed. Go outside peak hours to minimize the wait.
2	Here's the one thing about Eat Unique:  the food is quite good -- interesting and tasty.Here's the other thing about Eat Unique: if you go during the lunchtime rush, they will take forever to finish your order, and then there's a good chance they will have gotten the order wrong.The counter is a whirling nightmare of poorly designed space, with various customers milling around waiting to order, waiting for their order, or trying to figure out if the mysterious back register is open or not.If you're here during the lunch rush, your only hope for not dying of starvation is ordering pre-made food: salads and soups.  If you order a grilled sandwich, you're completely screwed.This is a shame because, as I said, the food is actually pretty good.  If they could turn an order around in less than 5 minutes, I'd eat here every day.  But until then, I can only take eating here about once a month.   I want lunch to lower my stress, not increase it.On a positive note, they do have good breakfast sandwiches, and the place is usually not busy at breakfast, so you can grab a good bite to eat there in the mornings.
2	While their sandwiches are tasty, there's just not enough for the price.  It's crowded and just not worth it when Quizno's and Subway are throwing $5 footlongs at your feet.
3	The food I've had here has been pretty good -- mostly I've had their salads which seem fresh and tasty. The prices are a bit high for a lunch spot, but it's not a bad option once in a while. This appears to be one of the healthier places on Craig Street.
4	Great healthy and fresh food.  I highly recommend for lunch but sometimes the wait can be a little long!  Garden veggie, goat cheese chicken and salads are a good bet.  A little more expensive than some chain restaurants for lunch but worth it.
3	i hate paying CA prices in pburgh! however, i can't resist the amazingness of the tomato-basil soup. mmmmmm. i'll usually come here when i get my loan money or i'm just so damn sick of quiznos, lulus, or subway. in general, i try to avoid 5th & craig food as much as i can but the proximity to hamburg hall coupled w/ my inability to wake up early enough to pack a lunch keeps me around. i'll pass on the sandwhiches, i CAN make that stuff at home and the salads aren't anything fascinating either. JUST THE SOUP.
3	I thought it was a little expensive for a salad in a box that I ordered from a counter and ate outside because it was so packed inside.  It was a good salad though.  I think I will try some other places on my find out where to eat lunch tour before I go back here.
3	I thought the sandwiches were tiny... but...tomato basil soup is YUM. I regret not getting the large when i was there, but I have learned my lesson.Oh... and it's quite cute inside.That is all. (TOMATO BASIL SOUP IS YUM. I'd go back anytime for that. I could even have just that for lunch every day for a while.)
1	I feel like the lone dissenter, here, but the food at this place has been consistently terrible every time I've been in. Every 3-4 months I think to myself "Well, maybe I hit them on an off day, last time." Stupid Craig Street and its convenient location! Seriously, though, even my grilled cheese sandwich tasted bad--how do you mess up a grilled cheese sandwich?And their coffee is too weak.I agree with the person who said it's cute inside. I think that's why I've given them so many chances. But food that's just not that good--combined with high prices--means I'm not going back.
4	Good food and often good desserts, but can be a little bit pricey. For example, for $7 you get a sandwich, with nothing.
5	My friends are probably exasperated with me because I won't shut up about how delicious the brownie I bought here was - seriously, it was a brick of chocolate happiness, and MASSIVE (...and I am not one to shy away from hefty desserts). I should have stopped halfway through and couldn't, but I think it was worth the stomachache. The taco salad with vegan chili was tasty (although the large percentage of tortilla chips kindof made me feel like I was eating nachos grande, detracting from the healthy factor..), and I'm really excited to try the other vegetarian options on their menu.
1	-1 star for awful layout-1 star for a 15 minute wait for a tiny, untasty sandwich-1 star for people who work thereFirst time I tried to eat there, nothing appealed on the menu and I walked away. Should have walked away this time too and I'm definitely not coming back
3	Pretty typical.  Do you want cutely presented sandwiches, salads (that may or may not actually be healthy, depending on how many tortilla chips they put in it)?  Do you want a place where your most exciting vegetarian options are probably hummus & veggie sandwich with vegan chili?  Do you want a place that will get out of your way and let you talk with the girlfriends?  Then this might be the place for you.  Utterly inoffensive, but fine if you want a place like that.  Think of it as a slightly hipper version of Panera.
1	Unfortunately I think I've had it with Eat Unique. Being stuck in the restricted options of North Craig Street I've been a customer at Eat Unique a number of times. The food is fine, nothing special. A couple sandwiches are better than average, a couple worse. Overall it is overpriced for what you get. But let's get to the real problem: this place is a terribly run restaurant. My experience today is rather typical. I go in and order at sandwich to carry out at about 2:30pm. So it's after the lunch rush and not extremely busy. And I wait for 14 minutes for my sandwich!! While I'm waiting I start to fume a bit as I make some observations. I count NINE employees currently working (and maybe more in the back I couldn't see). That's a heck of a lot of staff for a soup and sandwich shop with no table service that isn't even that busy. But here's the real kicker: I counted SEVEN tickets while I was waiting. That means there were two more people working than there were orders, and it still took me 14 minutes to get a sandwich. There is something very wrong with that. Most of the problem was obvious, the majority of the staff seemed to be wandering around behind the counter not exactly sure what they were doing, not at a particular assigned station, and moving really quite slowly on whatever task they were attempting to figure out. It's sandwiches, not haute cuisine. It should be fast, efficient, and good. And just because the staff looked mostly like college kids and 20 somethings is no excuse. The campus pub I used to work at was all 19year olds in the kitchen and with a little training, three of them could crank out solid food at about five times the rate of Eat Unique with a much more complex menu including a flattop and fryer. My suggestion to the owners/managers: fire half your staff (which should allow you to lower your prices), and get 3-4 solid line cooks that know what they're doing and how to work in a kitchen. I guarantee your business will improve when people don't have to wait 20min for a sandwich and a cup of soup.
3	I'm not sure what's unique about this place. It certainly doesn't live up to any standard of local or innovative food, but it has some pretty tasty stuff.I had a Cobb Salad and a pumpkin bar/muffin thing. The pumpkin sweet? Awesome. I want to know how to make it myself.The Cobb salad was ok--lots of cheddar cheese, tasty shredded chicken, nice well-done bacon, and a hardboiled egg. All that was good. The guacamole was not fresh (tasted like the premade grocery store crap), which is a disappointment considering that guacamole is probably the easiest dish on the planet to make (avocado, salt, and a fork...where can it go wrong). I was left wanting a piece of bread with my salad.I also didn't like the plastic container it was served in. Those things activate my feelings of enviro-guilt. I would have preferred a ceramic or even paper plate and some metal utensils. However, the air conditioning was very welcome on a hot day so I'll forgive them for plastic.I will probably return for more pumpkin goodies, but I doubt the sandwiches and salads will bring me back.
5	I know I am looking forward to my next trip to Eat Unique! This is such a refreshing place to go for lunch!  If you work in Oakland it's very convenient and the food is delicious!Speaking as a vegetarian, they have some really nice options.  Their summer sandwhich on rosemary focaccia is phenom and the sweet bean hummus is also really enjoyable (minus the onions.)  I suggest trying the Pumpkin Pear Bisque - it is delightful!
4	Best soup around.  Add a few pieces of soup bread and you have a filling lunch.  If they have the back register open, head straight to that one and order your soup - they'll hand it right to you.  For sandwiches (some yummy ones!), I call ahead to minimize wait.  Ready to pick up when I get there from my office.  Buy your coffee down the street, EatUnique's isn't great (probably why they changed their name from Craig Street Coffee to EatUnique a few years back).
4	Eat Unique has a great menu full of unique sandwiches and salads that leaves Panera in the dust. I finally made it out to the cafe for lunch today and had an overall good experience.The only negative part of my lunch was that my girlfriend asked for American cheese on her sandwich rather than the normal bleu cheese. They ended up giving her a corner of a piece of American as well as bleu cheese. It's a shame that they couldn't get such a simple request right, especially since we arrived at 1:30 and the lunch crowd was gone. I also ordered a pecan bar and did not receive it, I went back to the cashier and she gave me one. Reading similar negative comments regarding accuracy with ordering makes me think it's something they should work on.The food was excellent, however. I got the Italian sub and it was full of fresh spring greens rather than the usual shredded ice berg lettuce. I also tried their white turkey chili and it was excellent as well.My girlfriend managed to pick most of the bleu cheese off of her meatloaf melt and said it was really good. She also had the tomato feta and basil soup and enjoyed it.The pecan bar was a flaky crust, a kind of dense chocolate ganache and a pecan topping similar to a pecan pie. It was really good.The food at Eat Unique seems to be fresh and in plentiful portions. We'd definitely go back. I hope they get their ordering accuracy in better shape, though.
4	True to its name, the food here is indeed pretty unique. Definitely a nice place and convenient place to have so close to campus. They have an awesome selection of vegetarian options. I usually get the summer sandwich along with a soup or a bag of chips. I accidentally ordered something non-vegetarian once, and the lady at the counter was nice enough to replace that with something vegetarian for me free of charge. A pretty regular lunch/dinner spot while I am still in CMU.
1	A very long wait (~15 minutes) for a very soggy sandwich.  I ordered a ruben, which only came with like two slices of corned beef.  It was grilled, but somehow, it came out disgustingly soggy, to the point where the bread no longer holds itself up and starts falling apart.  Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting.Their pumpkin/butternut squash soup is also appalling.I also had one of their cold wraps once.  Also disgusting.  I don't know why I came back a second time.The only saving grace for this place is their cookies.
4	The only other choices you have if you want a sandwich in the area are Quiznos and Subway, so they have an advantage right there, but they're still pretty looks - there's some nice soup options and they have a pretty decent vegetarian menu as well. Some things I like here are the Pesto Chicken Sandwich, the Southwest Sizzler and the Summer Sandwich.
4	I am so unclear why Eat Unique doesn't have a better average rating because this place has always blown my palate away.  You can tell the ingredients are fresh; the combinations are clever and full of flavor; and I haven't ordered anything that wasn't extremely delicious (or soggy).  I think this place blows Panera away in terms of variety, taste, and price.  The wedding soup is especially amazing - it never needs cheese, salt, and/or pepper.  And I have to say - if you're complaining about WAITING 15 minutes for a sandwich that does have MEAT on it, then GO TO MICKEY D'S!  It blows my mind that people get mad at waiting for FRESH FOOD!  Guess what?  FRESH FOOD takes longer than 30 seconds to zap in a microwave!   If you want your radon with that sandwich, again, you can go find that crap on any corner.  It is called "Eat Unique"; not "Eat Like All The Other Corporate Franchises."  If you want your 5-minute wait for a foot long - you don't need me to tell you where to go.That being said, the grilled chicken pesto sandwich is my #1 favorite and order it most often (pesto - the blending of basil, pine nuts, and garlic; if you want your mayo, again go somewhere else).  But their veggie sandwich or wrap is also heaven.The only gripe I have is that it's on Craig St right in between Forbes and Fifth; which makes it very difficult to find parking if you're ordering to go.  But I can only knock a star off for that because the food is too good....I'll drive around the block a few times if I have to!  If you're a real foodie, and you're in Oakland, pass up LuLus noodles and go across the street to Eat Unique for real food.
5	I'm also a little confused about the negative reviews -- today was my first day eating there, but I left extremely satisfied.My boyfriend and I split the BLTTA wrap (Bacon, Lettuce, Turkey, Tomato, Avocado wrapped in a sun dried tomato tortilla) and it was DELICIOUS.  I don't think I can think of a bad thing to say about it, everything tasted super fresh, the avocado was almost more like guacamole and the contrast between that and the crispy texture of the bacon was amazing.  We also got the Berry Salad, which was walnuts, goat cheese, thinly sliced strawberries and grilled chicken over mixed greens.  It came with Balsamic vinaigrette, but between the creaminess of the goat cheese and the strawberries you almost didn't need any dressing at all.  Between that and splitting the sandwich it was the perfect amount of food.Highly recommended -- I wish I lived in Pittsburgh so I could eat here more often!
4	Eat Unique.  The name totally threw me off.  For some reason I had it in my head that this would be sorta like a health food deli.  And you ask...why did you think that Rachel?  Usually because I just make my mind up that that's what it's going to be.  Totally solid reasoning, right!?What I was excited about where the alternative food sub options.  I ordered a Taco Salad and instead of beef chili I ordered turkey chili.  That, in my head, was healthy.  In reality I don't think a heaping portion of gauc, sour cream and cheese added up to zero calories.  Let's also consider the fact that for a moment I thought I had ordered JUST a nacho platter because the ratio of nacho chips vs lettuce was about 20 chips to 1 piece of lettuce.  Don't get me wrong...it was really REALLY good...but it was a nacho platter.  And you know what...I am TOTALLY ok with that!  Eat Unique folks!
4	Oakland is full of lunch places, but if you are looking for something light, healthy, and fresh, you're pretty much out of luck....except for Eat Unique!  I had lunch here earlier today, and was so excited to see a menu of sandwiches and salads that didn't contain french fries....The atmosphere is minimalist.  There are some bright colors, but it's mostly just cafeteria-style tables and chairs, no decoration.  You order at the counter, then wait awhile - about 15 minutes in our case - for your lunch.  My boyfriend got the meatloaf melt, and I ordered the grilled chicken pesto sandwich.  It was hard to wait so long, but as soon as we got our sandwiches it was obvious why we had been left hanging - the food was FRESH.  My sandwich was hot, the chicken fresh off the grill, the tomatoes sweet and flavorful, the pesto made in-house (you can see the rustic bits of pine nuts and basil, definitely not the jarred stuff), the ciabatta roll lightly toasted and crispy.  I was really impressed from the first bite.  There's nothing really unique about the sandwich, except that it is made with high-quality ingredients and hasn't been sitting in a case all day, but that made a huge difference!  I tried my boyfriend's meatloaf sandwich, which wasn't as big as I thought it would be, and I liked it okay...the sauce was pretty sweet.  I preferred mine - it tasted so garden fresh.For dessert we had a black bean brownie - yes, really - and it was great!  Who knew?  It just tastes like a creamy, chocolatey brownie.  You can put black beans in dessert!?  This changes everything.  Definitely craveworthy.The only thing I'm not crazy about is the ambiance.  Since you have to wait so long, it'd be nice if the dining area was more comfortable or better maintained.  There was lots of water on the floor and I almost slipped a few times, we had to wipe down our own table....not a huge deal, but we noticed.  There are lots of big, sunny windows, so that's a plus.  I was also disappointed in the small Styrofoam cups for water - I hate drinking out of Styrofoam, it feels so wasteful (and the cups are so small you have to go back a million times to refill).  But I'd definitely come back - maybe for takeout next time - if I was very tasty and unlike anything else you can get in the area.
4	Looking through the reviews for Eat Unique, there are a lot of really positive ones, and a lot of really negative ones.  The truth is, from my experience, somewhere in the middle.  The time between ordering the food and it being in your mouth is a little slow... I'd say if I were here on my lunch break, I'd be a bit miffed that I lost most of it.  The portions aren't really that big, but for city prices they're about in line with the cost.  Food quality is about a hair better than Panera, in my experience.I've had the southwest somethingorother there, as well as a roast beef and brie baguette.  They were both satisfying, and the roast beef and brie was pretty excellent, especially with the brie being all melty.The service may be slow, but it's also friendly, so that's a plus.
3	Not bad. Not bad at all. It's not like so great but not bad at all. I might go there again. It's good for light meal.
2	Ugh, classic example of a restaurant thriving because there aren't better options in Pittsburgh.  I work in the area, and keep giving this place "another shot" because it's convenient and so popular. I just threw out half of a BLTTA wrap (bacon, lettuce, turkey, tomato, avocado) because I couldn't face it. The "sun-dried tomato" tortilla was a nuclear red hue that dyed the turkey cold cuts inside a freakish pink color. The bacon was little bacon bits mixed with gloppy mayonnaise until limp and soggy, and the avocado was seemingly missing until I realized the brown, smeared stuff was oxidized avocado. I ate the over-priced brownie only because I was still hungry - airport quality and likely baked days ago. I wish this was a one-off experience, because I get tired of my usual haunts. I will say this particular sandwich is probably the worst lunch I've eaten there, but the others have not been remarkably better. Big promises, poor showing.
3	Some of their soups and sandwiches are good but twice recently their desserts have been awful- very stale brownies. I also on another occasion found a hair in my chocolate walnut bar. They need to improve. Service slow- I usually call in orders.
4	+ Holy f. The Roma sub is what dreams are made of. Pesto, Italian cold cuts, roasted red peppers, arugula, balsamic, cheese, all toasted into a delicious omgasm. + The chilis and soups looked delicious although I did not get a chance to try them.+ I'm not typically a soy chai kind of guy, but after trying a sip of one from Eat Unique, I may be a convert. Don't tell anyone.- It took a while for order (maybe 10 minutes), but it was made to order and fresh.- Hectic line and ordering situation. Perhaps they should move the rear register next to front one to avoid confusion amongst customers and having to tell every other customer that there is a second secret register.
4	The popular Oakland eatery offers simple sandwiches, salads and soups made from fresh and high quality ingredients.  There are hardly any masterful recipes or breathtaking culinary skill in the kitchen, but pleasing combinations and vibrant flavors can be found all over the menu.  It's an excellent spot to balance the health of your body with the health of your wallet, without sacrificing deliciousness.(This reviewer's favorite item is the pesto chicken sandwich.)
4	Consistency is always a plus. Eat Unique is one of the better food options on Craig Street. Their sandwiches, salads and soups are made from ingredients so fresh you can taste it. All of their creations are very inventive and delicious. And at a very reasonable price considering the quality of food you're getting. A sandwich is about the same price as a Subway sandwich, but SO MUCH BETTER.I recommend getting the half and half option (choose 2 from half sandwich, soup, salad). Their Tomato Basil and Feta soup is phenomenal. For sandwiches, I recommend the Southwest Sizzler (veg), Hummus (veg), Summer (veg), and the Tuna Melt.
4	GET THE PECAN BAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If there's a day you are craving sweets, get the pecan bar!!!!!!!! It's sad how they don't have it everyday, so I need to pray before I go in. But definitely a must-try with their black coffee it's the perfect combo.
4	Expansive menu, great veggie and meat lover's options. Fresh soup of the day and Mel specials to mix it up a bit. I love their daily stand by of the White Chicken Chili. Hearty and has a bit of a kick to it. Black bean burger is the bomb, minus the goopy cheese. The sweet bean hummus was a wonderful surprise on a recent sandwich I had. Sometimes, I feel that it is a bit expensive for say a lunch meal but as the hubby. has pointed out, it us comparable in pricing to Panera, and much better. The desserts are not the goopy kind full of thick icing or heavy cream. Instead, large Sea Salt and Choco Chip cookies, Pumpkin bars, Thick and just a bit dry (the way I like 'em) Shortbread cookies adorn the dessert case.I like the adventure of going here. Trying new combos of ingredients is always a treat when you trust the culinary integrity of a place, like I do of Eat Unique
4	Very nice. Pastrami melt and mushroom barley soup.  Yum.
4	I drove by this place so many times, but never got to stop in until today.  Always hard to find parking here since its right in between CMU and Pitt's campus.  The Parking Gods were on my side today as they parted the parallel parking sea for me.  I heard they had good sandwiches, but I thought there was a waiter service.  Its more of a deli counter style where they call your number when its ready.  Nothing fancy.  And WoW does one of the girls have some strong vocal cords. Good for a quick lunch break or dinner before your class.  Prices were reasonable.  I had the Meatloaf sandwich.  Great for a chilly day.  The sauce, blue cheese, and bacon on top definitely set it off.  I'm going to be craving this bad boy for a while.  My BF had the Tuna Melt.  It was very good as well, but you better be a fan of banana peppers.  If you are like me, and usually drink water over soda pop, the free water you have to get yourself.  I did not know this.....so I was standing there waiting until I was pointed to the self serve area with tiny styro cups and tiny sink for tap water.  No ice. I understand the water is free, so I'm not asking for much.  But when you are eating a heavily seasoned Meatloaf Sandwich......you are going to be thirsty enough to put down 4-5 of those cups.  So either A. Come prepared with your own cup, B. Spring for a $ bottle of water, or C. get some exercise getting up and down to get water and work off your Meatloaf Sandwich.
4	Listen haters - I hear you that the layout of this place blows. Totally get that. Eat Your Feet.I've also had some sub- par sandwiches here, but on the whole, they're definitely solid. One thing I'll say is that the hummus sandwich is a bit small - "piled high with veggies"? Yeah, not really. Might as well order the BLTTA so you can Eat Your MeatBut on the whole I love this place. TOMATO FETA BASIL SOUP. Got it once, now I get it every time. A fantastic item. The sonoma wrap, great choice. Grilled Cheese, pretty good. Its not a five star, but definitely more than just average.
3	This place is decent and the atmosphere is warm and cozy.  I ordered the cobb salad to go and it was a decent salad but there were some things that could have been better.  For example, it said it came with avocado which I assumed would be slices of fresh avocado, but instead it was a guacamole that was not fresh made with no chunks in it.  The chicken was nice those--it was warm and I think fresh grilled.  It did take awhile to come out and came in a tiny box that it was crammed into so it made it really hard for me to the dressing and toppings together when I was eating it.  They also appear to have a really nice section of loose leaf teas and coffee.  I'm not sure why it's called Eat Unique since except for maybe a couple of options the food doesn't seem all that unique to me.  Mostly typical sandwiches, salads, and soups.  I think it's a little pricey for what you get and the servers weren't that friendly.
2	Great food, awful service, a sandwich takes about 25 min to make. I recommending eating here but call in.
5	My only regret about this place is that I never came here when I was a student. It was so good!Yes, the check-out space is a little flawed and gets crowded quickly. Yes, the food costs more than you'd want it to here. But c'mon: EVERY place costs more than I want it to, and as someone else pointed out: Eat Unique's prices compare to Panera's, only Eat Unique's food tastes even better (and I say this as a solid Panera fan). There's a ton of seating options in here, too, so before you complain, just think about how many fewer tables there may have been if they knocked out a wall to try and expand the line area.I had the Grilled Pesto Chicken sandwich during my first visit in an effort to avoid some of the "unhealthier" options on the menu and have to say, I was very, very pleased. It's very rare that I get a sandwich that perfectly balances toppings and meat; usually I get too much of one or the other. What else can I say? It was right on, it hit the spot, and it left me feeling satisfied and yet ready for more. Don't worry: I was good and opted to keep the place in mind for another day, rather than pig out on a second sandwich. I am already excited to come back and try many, many more options on the menu, including the veggie and the beef and brie sandwiches. I may eventually get to the soup and salad options, but those sandwiches, man...they're calling to me!
4	Came here a lot when I was in college. Their sandwiches are fresh and not too expensive. Their Garden Chili is delicious and spicy. And it's vegan!Their most popular sandwich is the Great Rinaldi which is essentially a meatloaf sandwhich. I don't like meatloaf too much so didn't enjoy that one. I did like their Italian panini. It has mozzarella and vegetables encased in nice and crispy bread like a panini should. It's just a little bit oily.Their baked good are also pretty decent. Definitely get their spiced pumpkin cookies in the Fall.
4	Surprisingly good sandwich! Fresh tasting and intriguing combinations of meats and veggies. Not the cheapest (around $6-8/sandwich) but certainly one of the better sandwiches I've ever had for that price. I'd go again.
5	very nice vegetarian options
5	I LOVE the white Turkey chili! They have incredible baked goods, and I've liked every salad and sandwich that I've tried! It does get a tad crowded during lunch hour, but the service has been quick. One time they forgot to give me one the sandwiches I ordered, I came back and they were very nice and apologetic and gave us a free cookie! I love having this place right down the street
4	Great options for vegans and vegetarians!I love their garden chili, tomato feta basil and special vegan soups with lentils.Their burgers are awesome - Zesty pineapple and Chipotle black bean burger are awesome, but expensive. You can make these burgers yourself, as the patties are commercially available in costco/trader joes.Tex Mex Taco salad is my fav among the salads - enough protein and everything!I'm not a big fan of cold sandwiches, so I can't tell. Although, I would say, their very veggie sandwiches are balanced and have a lot of protein. I love that they have half sandwich/half soup option, but I really don't feel like eating sandwiches all the time.Mushroom melt is another one of fav!Their daily special herbal ice teas are great! I have them during summer and they are very refreshing. Overall, if you don't mind the expense, it is a great place for seasonal lunch or desserts!
2	Just because you are unique does not mean you are good.I've been to Eat Unique about ten times in the last year and those experiences were bad to mediocre.  The food is fine, but everything else about the place is annoying.-Your half sandwich, half soup options are limited to the most boring sandwiches on the menu.  I understand that not all sandwiches halve well, but this seems like a cheap trick to force the customer to buy a whole sandwich when they only want a half with their soup.  If you read my other reviews, you'll note that this sort of upselling gimmick is a huge pet peeve of mine.  -The area in front of the register is always crowded with fidgety hungry people scrutinizing the four-digit numbers on their receipts and waiting for their food.  There's a second register behind all these people, but it's difficult to see and even more difficult to reach.-The decor is well-painted dinginess.  The demeanor of the staff waffles between deadpan and morose, probably because they're tired telling customers that they can't order the half sandwich they want with soup.  The water fountain is a weird little sink.  The tables wobble.  It's like they're not even trying to be a good restaurant and are thriving on the low standards of craig st diners (myself included).  I will praise their southwest sizzler, and turkey chili as very solid (and, dare I say, "unique") culinary offerings, but most of what I've had there has been boring and overpriced.
3	Nothing special but there is ample seating room. I had the half sandwich and soup. It was kind of pricy for what it was so I dont think I will be back.
2	Don't you wish this place was cheaper? And faster? And didn't have such a garish color scheme? Nicer employees? Maybe better food too? Well, actually a place like that exists. It's called schenley park cafe.
2	I believe I got the chicken noodle soup when it was a special. It was full of veggies and noodles and tasted alright. The place had an odd smell inside which made me not want to eat there. Nothing to write home about.
3	Crowded for lunch!Think Panera, but not in the corporate chain restaurant sense.  Think, fresh made-from-scratch soup.  Full disclosure, I've worked within blocks from Eat Unique, which I still call Craig Street Coffee, for years.  Is the food good?  Yes.  Is the service good?  Meh. Is it insanely chaotic during lunch?  A resounding YES. The food here is vegan friendly for sure. Lots of homemade soups and delicious sandwiches to choose from.  I'm fairly certain their soup is made from scratch daily. I can't give Eat Unique five stars because every time I go there for lunch I'm under extreme duress. This is due to the two register chaos, lack of room to wait for your order, and the amount of time you have to wait for a sandwich.  But it's good food and a good pick if you're wondering aimlessly on Craig Street, as I often am.
5	Whatever haters, this place is great.As someone who has certain dietary needs and preferences, I usually have to find a few solid "go-to" spots for affordable food. Having lived in California most of my life, I value a vegetable-heavy meal, especially for the right price, and that can be more difficult to find in this otherwise lovely city.So thank you Eat Unique, for consistently supplying me with a hearty, healthy option on a tight budget. Your fresh meal-sized salads for under $7? You are awesome. Your chicken chili with chard and corn in it for $4 and some change? OMG I love you. If y'all want to talk about crappy sandwiches, go across the street for an overpriced bagel, or better yet, hit up Panera (ew). But if you want delicious fresh food, a big selection, and not feel robbed? I'd totally recommend this place.
4	Love, love, love their turkey chili--even more than mine!  Gazpacho was fresh and bright--and as good as mine ;-) great prices for hearty, unique salads, soups and sandwiches. Also had a piece of my daughter's some sort of green tea cookie, I honestly can't stop thinking about it!!  It was crispy on the edges and soft in the middle, and sweet and salty at the same time--so delish!
5	Loved this place! Very close to Carnegie Mellon. Had the California Club - delish! Thick slab of chicken and a really unique sauce, on bread that tasted like pizza dough. Bright green and peach walls and tables- cute little place. Wish they had fountain drinks, but they will give you a cup of ice.
5	AWESOME!!I came here while visiting CMU, and I was blown away! Service was exemplary, and the food was great! I got the California Club, and it quite good.A good, casual cafe atmosphere: great for studying!Would definitely become a regular here if I come to CMU!
4	I have been to Eat Unique quiet a few times for lunch and I have never been disappointed.  Ingredients are always fresh and the service fairly fast. Definitely a good option for a quick lunch but you can also go there for a longer lunch with your friends, since the dining space is nice and spacious.  There is also some limited  outdoor sitting for the summer time.  My absolute favorite is the summer sandwich, while I highly recommend the tuna salad as well.  However, whatever I have tried is very good, so I do not think you can really go wrong with any option.  Only reason I am giving it a 4 star rating instead of a 5 is the fact that it is just a sandwich place (although a really good one).
4	Favorite place to go to lunch in North Oakland. Never have had a bad experience here, except the wait can be long if you go at a peak time. Great array of vegetarian options, nice to pick up or stay for a casual lunch. I love the summer sandwich and the roasted vegetable wrap. During Lent, they serve the most amazing mac and cheese on Fridays (make sure to get sriracha with it). Great selection of tea and very reasonably priced. Would recommend to anyone!
4	Ehhhh I didn't think this was unique at all, but it was tasty. We came here on a whim about 15 minutes before they closed. I ordered a California chicken club and they were out of focaccia so I had to have it on a regular bun-type of bread. It was pretty good. My friend had the chili and she loved it. I also got a pumpkin cookie and that definitely hit the spot on multiple levels. I'd go back just for that cookie. The two ladies working there the other night were nice and helpful with menu items, which is alway a plus.
3	This sandwich shop reminded me of a more intimate Panera Bread. They have sandwiches made to order and pastries on display as well. There are plenty of vegetarian and vegan options. Prices are reasonable and sandwiches are tasty! The order area was a bit cramped and I waited for a good 15 minutes for my sandwich. The employees are super friendly though. There are plenty of seats, both downstairs and upstairs. I will definitely be back to try the rest of their menu. I recommend this place for those in the Oakland area needing a quick lunch or a place to meet up with old pals.
3	The chilly, rainy weather today put me in the mood for some nice hot homemade soup. However, it also deterred me from going to the Strip to get it, so I decided to head down the street instead to Eat Unique.I must admit that after having picked up an unimpressive sandwich (don't remember which) from here a couple of years ago before a trip, I'd been hesitant to patronize this place again.  Having reviewed other Yelpers' comments, I decided to opt for a small tomato basil feta soup and the pesto chicken sandwich, which came to slightly over $10 together.  Because I went today (Sat.), it wasn't very busy, and I didn't encounter any confusion or hostility when ordering.  After ordering, my food took about 5 min. to prepare. Since I live nearby, I took it back to my apt. to consume.The tomato soup, which was reasonably warm, although not quite as hot as I'd like it, was pretty good, albeit not mind-blowing.  The sandwich was solidly okay, and not as flavorful as I would have liked, esp. for something containing pesto.  Although it stayed together fairly well, the ingredients slid around a fair bit, and it cooled off pretty quickly, to the point that I put the second half in the microwave before eating it.While the food was solidly okay, esp. for deli food in PGH, I've had better.  I prefer to patronize independent local businesses over chains, but I'd say the food is a step up from Subway, but doesn't quite meet the standard of the food at Panera.
4	Their double chocolate brownies don't look particularly great at first glance, but don't be fooled--they are among the best I've ever tasted. Warning: they are addictive :) Love eat unique for quick sandwiches and soups.
