3	Came here with some people I met at a conference.  They wanted to see a basketball game and this place had lots of plasma TVs.  They serve traditional American food with steaks and seafood.  I ordered a NY steak caesar salad that was $11.99.  What a great deal, big plate of salad with a huge NY steak.  Cooked just like I said too -- medium rare.  Very ethnically diverse wait staff, so speak slowly when ordering.
3	Very casual bar and grill centrally located inside the Rio Hotel.  Conveniently open 24 hours a day.  They have plenty of plasmas to watch games and they serve a wide array of beers.  Bar is fully stocked and I nice place to take a quick break or sober up.It's one of those places where you order steak and eggs for $9.99 or an Onion and Mushroom burger for $10.99 at 5 AM in the morning.  The food is quite tasty considering it was prepare in the late hours of the day.  The portions are very huge in size as well.  The fries included in the burger was a mix of crisscut, battered, and regular = weird.As for the service, it is decent.  Service is quite slow but the servers are very pleasant and courteous.  Who can blame them for being a little slow, it's 5 AM in the morning for gosh sake.  Plus I was overly anxious to eat so I was impatient after drinking one of my livers aways that night.
4	This place gets big points from me mostly for the fast service (once we were seated) and the fact that they gave me three different kinds of french fries below my chicken strips!We wandered over to this place for a fairly inexpensive burger after a great evening seeing Penn & Teller at the theatre in the Rio.  So it's almost midnight in Vegas (which is what, like the equivalent of 3:30 in the afternoon in the real world) and there's a 20 minute wait for a table for two.  At first I was a bit irritated because my feet were still killing me from all the sightseeing we did that day, but we plopped ourselves at some nearby slots while we waited.  The food was great, and the prices were great too!  My companion was very satisfied with her burger, and my chicken strips were moist and tender and fantastic.  And, as I mentioned before, the basket of fries beneath the chicken was a mix of regular fries, curly fries, and criss-cut fries.  Heaven!They had a pretty decent menu, good prices (especially for Vegas) and plenty of distraction in the form of like 20+ plasmas showing everything from sports to news to something random.  The only drawbacks for me was their lack of my favorite soda alternative, raspberry iced tea, and since it's RIGHT there by the casino floor it was rather loud.
3	The bar has $1 slot machines embedded into the tabletop, I thought that was funny and deeply ironic. Afterall, you can walk out to a nickel slot machine about 15 feet away and play it and get free drinks. Sit at the bar, buy a drink and feed dollar bills into the machine, or spend nickels and get free drinks.  Your choice!I ate a cobb salad with grilled chicken and thousand island dressing on the side. Meanwhile, the chicken caesar salad looked pretty nice, and I liked the large flat piece baked parmesan that came with the salad. My companion said it tasted good too.This restaurant was definitely better than some other places I ate at in the Rio, and this one gets props for being conveniently located to the tower my room was in, and for being open 24 hours.Most of the basic dishes, like burgers, salads and sandwiches were in the $10-12 range. But, it was nothing culinarily amazing. Service was adequete. Diners at the nearby table were friendly too. But maybe that was because I was eating with cute friends.
4	Stayed at the Rio for a conference on 3/10 - 3/12. Ate lunch here twice on 3/9 (sat at a table) and 3/10 (sat at the bar.)Per their website: "We feature a contemporary atmosphere with fireplaces surrounded by two waterfalls in the dining room. We also feature a sports bar with over 10 plasma TVs where we serve appetizers, fresh squeezed juices for an afternoon margarita and our famous Angus beef hamburgers."Beautiful bar with Flat Screen TVs and Video Slot/Poker machines embedded in parts of the bar (beware it makes it awkward to eat if you have it right in front of you!)I had the same thing both times because it was so darn good... The Avocado BLT on Sourdough bread. Great bacon, great avocado (I could have used more!) great toasted bread, very good fries (mix of waffle cut, curly, regular) Combined with a Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, an excellent combination. My boss had a burger on the Monday, he said it was very good.Service was good (though they were packed a lunch time both days). Guy next to me had a strip steak on a salad that looked really good. Probably about $15-$20 per head a lunch time with 1 beer.
4	Being "locals," it was overall, a decent place to eat.  The atmosphere is modern and clean.  The food was good but not great; we got breakfasts.  Then again, how can you f-up breakfast.  I believe my 2 egg breakfast was somewhere around $10 after tax.
2	Once I realized that Sonic was right there, I stopped coming in here (cause I could drink my weight in strawberry limeaids across the street)  but when we first arrived, and we were waiting for my friend to check in for the trade show we were there for.. I managed to put down an order of hot wings in about 3 mins flat.  They were good - the 30+ min wait when they weren't even busy was not, and is most of the reason, I wasn't headed back in there (well that and all the great exercise I got heading to sonic burger)
3	There were ten hungry girls in my party and we were ready to eat.  Unfortunately, the service is my biggest complaint about this place.  I'm not sure if it's because the waitress wasn't used to working our section (our table was the only one she had in this section), they were understaffed, or she just disappeared a lot.Not once, but twice, someone from our party had to go look for our waitress.  It took awhile for the food to come out, but then again, we noticed other tables hadn't gotten their food yet either and they arrived before us.One of the girls mentioned that we still hadn't received any bread yet, and that almost caused an uproar.  (Did I mention there were ten hungry girls at my table?)  When the bread arrived, round rolls that reminded me of a soft pretzels and big fluffy rolls with whipped butter, were vacuumed up!Our foot arrived soon after, and maybe it's because we all stuffed ourselves silly with the bread, but pretty much no one finished their meal!  I ordered the "Spit Roasted Free-Range Chicken (1/2 Chicken) for $19.99.  All entrees include vegetables, a choice of house rice pilaf, baked potato or mashed Yukon potatoes."  You can add a stuffed potato for $2.50 more.  I chose the Baked Potato and it was a huge spud!  Of course, my chicken was way too much for me to eat, but I devoured as much of it as I could.  There were parts of it that were dry, but that's a bit expected with roasted chicken, right?Other girls ordered the Broiled NY Steak Caesar Salad or the AAB&G Grilled New York Steak Salad for $11.99 and their portions were huge.  The steak doesn't come in strips, it's a piece of steak sitting on your salad leaves!  The French Onion Soup Gratinee for $5.99 was also generous too.  And the Buttermilk Battered Chicken Fingers ($8.99) remain untouched, only because the girl had stuffed herself already!  We saw the French Onion & Cheddar Cheese Loaf ($6.99) go by and it was huge!  Definitely something you want to share!One thing we did appreciate was the waitress was able to change a last minute order of Oysters Rockefeller ($11.99) to Blue Point Oysters (12 each at $15.99) without a hitch.When I went to pay my bill, I wanted to pay separately so I could put it on the credit card. Unfortunately, the waitress made me wait until the rest of my party got their cash together before she took my card.  (Other restaurants have no problem running my card first, with the added gratuity, while the rest of the check is still being calculated!)  So that was a pain to have to wait even longer.  Overall, it's not a place that I would normally choose to eat at in a hotel on or near the strip. But it fit the budget we had and satisfied the meat desires of our group.
3	Not bad at 3:30am after drinking and clubbing your @$$ off. Get the cajun chicken quesadilla. Take it up to your room and eat if you don't wanna deal with bad service at 3:30 in the morning.
2	I used to love this place because they had the tastiest Rib Eye Steak and it was a good price.  The last 3 times though, it's been pretty bad, and the price has gone up to $25.  The last straw was our last visit.  We ordered 4 Rib Eyes, and 2 Colorado Lambs ($35).  3 out of 4 steaks were not cooked to our orders (all were very overcooked), and both lambs were overcooked.  So, 1/6 is not good.  Plus, the steaks were very grisly and chewy and they were hard to cut with our steak knives.  We sent two back, and 10 minutes later, they were brought back RAW!  Total Sashimi Style!  It looked like they just seared the outside, but the inside was purple!  That is not medium-rare in my book!  The server was friendly and tried his best, but we ended up paying for everything even though most of the steaks were inedible.  I've heard that their burgers are pretty good, but beware, their grill master is no "master"!  2 stars for their other food items (Spinach Salad, French Onion Soup, Yum!).
3	After a long morning on a long flight of only snacks being served, I stumbled around the Rio trying to find my company's store and or food...which ever came first!  I found this place and sat at the bar.  Didn't expect too much but felt I had to eat so I ordered the Mushroom & Swiss burger.  It was better than I expected, good, and the fries came in a variety of normal french fries, and curly.  I LOVE curly fries so I made sure I ate most of those yet I tried the normal fries as well.  Both are good! ;)  It's not a bad little place to go when you need to eat while staying at the Rio or seeing a show without wanting to head to the strip.
1	Munching on crazy spicy buffalo wings and soggy french fries at 2am after a long night of drinking foot long margaritas out of cheesy cups with tambourines attached is NEVER a good idea. It's particularly a bad idea to indulge yourself in this kind of behavior at the All American Bar and Grille. It will give you heartburn.
3	I visited All-American Bar & Grille over the weekend.  My friend had a $75 food voucher, and she suggested we spend it here.  She asked that I pay the tip, which seemed too good of a deal to pass up.The Grille is located right on the casino floor, so the dining area is a little noisy.  There are plenty of flat screen TVs hanging above the bar, so you won't miss the game you are betting on.  The decor is industrial and simple: brushed stainless steel with light colored wooden accents.  If it weren't for the unmistakable "ding-ding-ding" of the slot machines, one would feel as though they were dining at an airport bar.The waiter who took our order was not the waiter who brought our food.   Yet another waiter inquired if we needed anything else, and the fourth waiter actually brought it to us.  They also thought, for some reason, that one set of utensils should be sufficient for both of us.  Ehhhh, guess again.  Look, I am all for teamwork and delegation, but someone has to be responsible.  There's a reason why every CPR instructor teaches you to POINT at someone and say "YOU!  Call 911!"  If you just said "someone, call 911" no one would do it, because no one would know who is responsible.  Waiting tables is not a matter of life and death, of course, but the same rules apply.  By the way, the waiters' uniform is a polo shirt with wide horizontal stripes.  The shirts were similar to the ones the host of Blue's Clues used to wear on every show.  What is up with that?  Not exactly the most slimming outfit, is it?As for the food, we both ordered steaks.  They have various cuts, each available in USDA Choice Beef or Dry-Aged Angus Beef.  The latter, naturally, is more expensive (about $10 more per cut).  I went with the 18-oz Angus NY Strip for $34.95.  Keep in mind that the price included mashed potatoes and a mix of boiled carrots and peas.  My steak was cooked medium rare, but it was fiber-y and slightly dry.  Also, the steak was on the bone, so 18 oz wasn't as big as one might think.  The sides were just average.  After waiter #2 dropped off my steak, it took me a while to flag waiter #3 to get waiter #4 to bring me some horseradish.  My friend had a fillet, rare, which she seemed to have enjoyed thoroughly.  I also ordered a side salad, with creamy Italian dressing.  The salad was very fresh, the dressing - delicious, and the serving - big enough to share.Our bill for two steaks with all the fixin's, a salad and 2 iced teas came to $72.50.  We gave the waiter our $75 voucher, and I added $12 in cash for a generous 20% tip.  So, for $12 out of pocket, it was a tremendous value.  If I'd had to pay $87, I would have probably been a little more disappointed.
3	I was at a convention at the Rio, looking for lunch. This was available. There is nothing in the name of this restaurant that should compel anyone to seek it out, and that's as it should be.I had the AAB&G Steak Salad. I was trying to eat somewhat healthy for one meal out of this trip. I received a nicely cooked fillet atop a salad abundant with avocado, beans, lettuce, mushrooms, and a few other flavourful garnishes. Too often one finds steak salads without imagination: steak, then lettuce, and something else. Not here.The place was pretty busy. I had good service, but a few other patrons waited a good bit of time for their Chicken Caesar Salads (I wasn't the only one with healthy aspirations!)The All-American Bar and Grill is a good place in the Rio to have lunch, providing you're in the Rio already and don't want to stuff yourself in one of their buffet lines. If you are in another casino, you'll very likely find another place with comparable food.
4	second time here! the first time would have been a 2star because all my girls and I got sogggy bread with our burgers...however this time for lunch the boys, hannah, and i had a FABULOUS meal! we got clam chowda which i didnt try but looked really thick and yummy, we had the jalapeno cheddar burger that comes out with toasted bread, HUGE pickle, and mixed fries (curly, crisscut, andregular) all yummy.  we also had the order of 20wings...the WINGS are SO freakin good. i was worried they were going to be too soggy ( i hate extra wet wings) when on the menu it said buffalo style wings...SHIT it was AMAZING!! perfectly crunchy with the PERFECT amount of sweet yet buffalowy sauce on each drumstick/wing  o m G its a MUST HAVE when you come here!!the service was fabulous and the prices were totally do-able at 10$ a burger!! try it when stayin @ the rio!!
4	THE ABSOLUTE BEST BUFFALO CHICKEN WINGS CAN BE FOUND HERE!!! What got me to order them? On the menu there was a quick note: MUST TRY FOR WING LOVERS. Buffalo Wild Wings, you have been trumped by All-American Bar & Grille. If I would have known that the wings were going to be this good, I would have resisted ordering the Bacon and Fried Egg burger and got myself 30 wings! There was so much meat on the wings, each bite and the meat slide off the bones with ease! When does that ever happen??!! I normally love to dip my wings in ranch, but it would be a insult to do so with these wings! Everything was perfect. The Bacon and Fried Egg burger was decent. The buns were a bit too dry and flaky. The meat itself was perfectly cooked at medium. It was juicy. The bacon and fried egg was crunchy. The fries came with with regular and curly. Service was nice and friendly.
3	The last couple of times I've gone to Las Vegas I've made it a point to head here and get the Buffalo Wings. This was one of my favorite spots to go for wings PERIOD and I always looked forward to gorging on the delicious hunks of spicy chicken flesh. Sadly, the wings I loved so much are now completely different. They're more like Panda Express Orange Chicken than Buffalo Wings. So if you're into the whole "non-traditional" wing recipe, go for it. I'm not a fan. This time around I had a few bucks with me and decided to try to "Rio Dry Aged" rib-eye. AWESOME. One of the best steaks I've ever had. Somewhat pricey, but 35 bucks for a dry aged 20oz. steak isn't really THAT bad. All in all, decent spot.
3	3 stars only because the servers are friendly.  The food is 2 stars.  I had the burger and it was meaty, but a bit dry.  It almost tasted like the burgers were made in advance and flash grilled to heat them up.  The fries were wierd. It's like 3 different kind of fries mixed together and they were all fried at different times.  Some are crispy and some are soft.  I ordered the apple pie desert that comes out on a very hot platter.  The pie was okay. The crust was wierd. I'm not sure if it's supposed to be that way or not. It tasted like the flour wasn't wet completely before it was baked.  You take a bite of the crust and you think you got a mouth full of flour powder.  The ice cream was a very low quality. It has ice flakes in it.  Sorta like Ice Milk icecream bars.  The highlight was the apple filling.  Apples were not overly cooked to mush. They has some texture that made them good.  I just ate the apples and left the crust and ice flakes to melt on the platter.
2	This was a poor excuse for a steakhouse. While the sandwiches and other fair is ok, their steaks are not. They try to entice you by displaying the steaks in their dry age case. Don't get sucked into thinking they taste good. My friend and I recently went there for a bachelor party and we had about 6 different steaks. None were good. They may have been cooked to order, but it took them 30 minutes to serve the steaks after ordering them. I had the 1/2 pound hamburger. It was awful. I've had better burgers at Carl's Jr. Bottom line-don't come here for the beef
1	Sadly, the economy forced many of the restaurants at the Rio to be closed, so we were forced into the All-American Bar & Grille for lunch.  The hostess was downright rude.  She must not realize how fortunate she is to be in the only lunch restaurant left open.  Our server wasn't much better.  He threw our food down and never came back.  I was lucky I don't eat meat because one of the girl's I ate with was sick for a day and a half after eating the BBQ Chicken Wrap here.  Another friend of mine ate there after us and had the BBQ Chicken Wings, which left her with food poisoning as well.  I had a side Caesar Salad and a bowl of their Potato Cheddar Ale soup.  Both were great!  The soup had chunks of potato and green chili's for a nice kick.  The salad was fresh and delicious.  I also stole a few fries and they were yummy.  They serve their fries all mixed up with waffle cut, curly and regular all thrown in together.Since I know people who were sick from the BBQ Chicken I wouldn't return here.  But remember that other than Gaylord's Indian, there are no other restaurants open for lunch during the week at the Rio Hotel/Casino.
4	Oh yum!!  Another great place to eat at the Rio.  After calling it a night on Halloween, I was really hungry and since I decided I obviously wasnt going to continue to make use of my slutty cop costume showing my chubby tummy, I came here so I can let the gut run free.I love that this place is open until 6am because I was unsure if it would be open when I got back to the hotel.  And it's not fun if you have to go to sleep hungry :(  The burgers are so big and juicy!  I love it.  Lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, mustard, mayo, and ketchup all come on the side so you dont ever have to worry about them messing up your order.  I also like the fact that you have three types of fries that come with your burger.  Cris Cut [[love em]], Curly [[absolutely]], and regular but crunchy [[delish]]!Good prices also, definitely try to stop by if you can.  They have alot of tvs if you're worried you may miss a game :)
3	First time eating at the Rio. Service was ok. Food was pretty good.I had a bowl of the New England Clam Chowder.I also had the Best 10 pc. Buffalo wings, which were really flavorful.It is, what it is, All-American Bar & Grille!
4	Pretty tasty.  I had lunch here to watch the Saints game and sat the bar.  The service was good and I got the Cajun burger where they put an Andouille sausage on the burger.  Very tasty!
4	First of all, the Rio is a great place to stay.  It was my first time staying at the Rio, and my Boyfriend and I wanted to use our 10% discount we got from our "Total Rewards" card.We went to the All-American Bar & Grille (which is located across the way from the Check-in).  The staff is friendly, and the food is okay.  Note:  THEY HAVE THE BEST BUFFALO WINGS EVER!!!  They are soooo flavorful, but not as tangy as usual.  It comes with the usual side of Ranch, and together, they make the best combination!!!  THERE IS A REASON WHY THEY MAKE AN OPTION TO GET THE BUFFALO WINGS IN VARIOUS QUANTITIES...the minimum is just NOT enough!!!
5	I am actually giving this place 5 stars. What a rarity! But it may not be why you think. Vegas had sucked rather severely that past night and a half and I was dieing for food which was not horrible and expensive and I was absolutely starving. To my delight their burgers were actually very good, me and my companion for this trip both demolished and savored every last bite of the burgers we were served. The Mushroom Swiss burger is how I decided to go on this path of burger or death and with the mushrooms overflowing from under the bun is how it arrived and I think that was the moment it dawned upon me that I might have found salvation in this vegas of bad food. To my delight the burger was delicious and juicy and one of the best burgers I have had to date must admit.
2	This is a convenient place to meet and eat. I had a business meeting over lunch which worked out well since the restaurant seems to drown out some of the casino noise and the ambient music. I had the chicken quesadilla which tasted good except for the guacamole which was horrible. The portion was a tad on the small side but it is considered an appetizer and reasonably priced.
3	Lots of food for a decent price.  My burger was tastey, so were the wings.  The resteraunt itself is clean and pretty nice towards the back with all the decorations.  Typical burger joint, nice spot to stop by when you're hungry and don't want to wait long.
4	I've been saving my appetite the entire day and really wanted to eat at the Rio's Carnival World Buffet or Seafood Buffet, but my friends were low on funds and down on their luck.  So I jumped on the hate-wagon and as we walked with sorrow and cursed the world, we came across the All-American Bar & Grill.  Hey, we're Americans, lets cheer up with some good ol' American eats!  So I placed our name on the wait list and waited for about 30 minutes.  It felt fast because I went to gamble and made my lunch money.  Score!  Anyways, they called us and as we were walking to our table, we passed the kitchen which is smack dead in the middle and along the kitchen hall were slabs of butchered meat hanging behind a glass window.  Pretty awesome view and you can see the cooking action too.Off to the gnitty gritty.  I ordered their burger (forgot the name, but it had sausages and jalapenos) and it was hugemongous.  In fact, everything we ordered were ginormous portions.  How can a little 135 lb guy like me devour a meal made for linebackers?  Don't ask questions you don't want the answers to!  The fries that came with my burger were mixed with criss-cut, curly, and regular fries.  We also started off with 50 wings (about $20) and it was very meaty, had the right amount of crisp, perfectly fried and if you add a drizzle of their ranch and hot sauce on top, you'd forget how much money you've blown at the craps table.  I also picked on my friend's 20 oz ribeye and it was very tender, perfectly grilled and charred.  Then I went to my other friend and tried her shrimp linguini and that blew me out of the water.  Shrimp was succulent and divine.  Then I invaded my last friend's pork chops and holy crap that was good too, but the piece I ate was slightly overcooked.Overall, our server was kind of slow because it was a full house, but we received our food in 15 minutes and the wings are one of the best I've had and for $10, my burger was huge...a great meal!  You can't go wrong here since they serve giant American sized portions, which confirms the stereotype, but lets not get into that.  I'll definitely be back on my next Vegas visit to the Rio.
5	With little time to eat between the time that the convention let out for the day, the after-show appearances that all of us had to make, and our tickets for Penn & Teller at 8:30-9:00, everyone in our group found ourselves hungry after the show let out, and McFadden's would have been too loud to talk... so we came here.After eating here, we decided that there are some definite tiers to the Harrahs properties. Our home for the week, the Flamingo, is aging like a hooker and has settled into mid-low tier outside of the fab Go! rooms. Imperial Palace (aka Inferior Palace) is the low-end. Harrahs is in the middle. Rio, Paris, and Planet Hollywood are the upper-end of the mid-tier, and Caesar's Palace is the top end of the group. Needless to say, we walked away from dinner wishing we were staying at the Rio.This is a bit of a mish-mash of concepts, but it works. It's part steakhouse, part sports bar, and part late night spot. From about 6 to 11PM, it's a steakhouse, serving up gorgeous slabs of dead cow with a pricetag that you'd expect. Lunchtime and all-night you'll find some terrific burgers and sandwiches that aren't cheap, but they're not overpriced either. Burgers are juicy, topped with fresh fixings, and huge buns that look like they're baked in house. If you need a casual spot late at night in the Rio, this is a winner.
3	Originally, my friends and I went to the Rio so we could go to the Carnival World Buffet. When we were in line though, the line was pretty long, and half of our group didn't feel up for buffet. So we went over to the All-American Bar & Grille.Service was pretty slow here. It took awhile to get our server's attention. The food was decent here. I don't eat beef, and unfortunately, they don't have veggie patties here.I ended up getting the guacamole, jack cheese, and chili peppers chicken sandwich. The sandwich was pretty darn good, very heavy, and very filling. I also liked how their fries are a variety - regular, criscut, and curly. When we got our order, I finally understood what the special AAB&G fries were. (I'm sure it explains it on the menu, but I was too lazy to read).Overall, decent restaurant. Service could have been a bit better, but if you're looking for a filling, good burger, this is a good place to go.
5	Bill from Seattle was a great server and very friendly .   The apple pie is off the hook.
3	Your typical burger joint. Nothing really fantastic, but the prices were affordable and the food was good. Nothing to rave about but our waiter was very nice and accommodating, and the restaurant itself is quite nice.
4	Pricey but awesome meat!
3	I've been to this restaurant in the Rio twice.  The first time, my parents were visiting and we were looking for some late-night eats.  What we thought to be a burger joint turned out to be a full-blown steakhouse where they age and butcher their own steaks.The most recent visit was alright.  It was the Monday after 4th of July and I think it was the  2nd or 3rd day of the World Series of Poker, which was also being held at the Rio.  It was REALLY busy in the hotel and in this particular restaurant (the hotel's buffet line had at least an hour wait and the cafe was not open until 4 PM...it was about 3:00 and we were STARVED)We were seated quickly (did not have to wait at all) and our drink orders were taken promptly as were our food orders.  15 minutes later, our drinks (1 corona and an iced tea) still had not arrived and a second server stopped by our table to inform us that he would "be back to take a drink order."  My companion informed the polite server that our drink orders AND food orders had already been put in 15 minutes ago. The second server, Steve, I think, apologized and went to check on things in the kitchen.Our food and drinks arrived shortly thereafter.Me companion had a Blue Cheese Burger and a Basket of Chicken Wings.  The chicken wings were hot and tasty and crispy with hot sauce and ranch served on the side.  The burger must have been alright because I didnt hear any complaints.I ordered a chicken sandwich (which came up as "Chix Monster" on the receipt haha). The Chicken breast was grilled and juicy.  It came topped with a roasted poblano, jack cheese and 1/4 avocado (though it said guacamole on the menu), as well as lettuce, tomato and thin sliced pickle strips.  My 2-year old had a basket of Chicken Fingers off the appetizer section, since they did not have a kid's menu.  Our entrees all came with a mix of waffle-cut and regular french fries.  The portions were generous and despite the wait, our food was hot, fresh-tasting and properly seasoned.We were offered dessert for the wait, but politely declined (we were SO full and just wanted to go back to the pool :)).
1	So just to preface my review, I would like to let it be known that I hardly ever provide reviews (the only other time I did is when I had a roach stuck to a pot sticker and the waiter didn't even apologize or care and just asked what he wanted me to do about it).  However, if I didn't leave a review on this establishment, I would honestly feel guilty for doing so since I would want to be warned prior to coming here.  We ordered our food and my girlfriend decided to change her order right after I gave mine and the waitress made the change but showed an obvious frustration in the process.  Since the tables are close, we chatted a bit with the woman next to us who gave the wrong room for her bill to be added to.  I jokingly said to the waiter "sorry we are making it hard for you" and she replies "its OK I am used to people doing it" with no smile or sign of sarcasm/humor and just walks away.  I had to flag the waiter down after approximately 20 minutes to inquire about the milkshake.  She forgot about it.  Thirty-one minutes from the time we ordered I receive the milkshake (I know this for a fact because I sent a text message right when we ordered).  We received our food at the same time as the people across from us who came in more than 20 minutes after us.  The food was average.  Nothing spectacular but nothing I would complain about.  I did request light mayo on my sandwich but received both sides of the bread smeared thickly with it.  When we were ready to leave, we had to flag her down twice before she would get me the bill.  We were there for lunch on an early Wednesday afternoon for more than an hour.   I would never recommend this establishment to anyone.
1	No witty comments this time. The Cajun burger was Cajun for the andoille sausage & burnt taste - it was over cooked & dry. The buffalo chicken wings we're crunchy, sour & no heat. Over all skip this place unless you're starved after gambling.
3	First meal upon arrival in Vegas.Prime rib quesadillas is the thing to eat. Juicy, savory prime rib.I also got a steak caesar salad and it was good, not great, just good.  Nothing really stood out to me. The service was average and the menu was mostly meats and more meats.Prime rib quesadilla is the only reason I'd go back.
1	Went on a recent trip to Vegas August 6-8. We stopped by the Rio to try out the buffet. The wait was too long for the group and we ended up at the All-American Bar and Grille. Long story short, the waiter overcharged me and the manager never resolved the issue. The waiter misunderstood $15 for $50. I thought it was resolved that evening. Unfortunately, I found a charge of $90 Monday August 9th. I call up the restaurant and get the run around. I contacted the restaurant who transferred me to the accounts department who then transferred back to the restaurant where I am finally transferred to a voicemail. I leave three messages last week  for David De Leo, the manager, and never get a call back. I am currently handling the issue through my bank. Goes back to the debate of cash over credit. In the event you go the the American Bar and Grille cash is your safest bet.
4	We both ordered hamburgers for dinner and they were sooooo good!!! cooked just perfect. I havent had a hamburger that good in many many years. The prices for the hamburgers werent that much but for everything else its kinda pricey.
5	New York strip is amazing! Flavor hurts so good
4	If you are a fan of big burgers and steak this is a place you have to check out. Hidden in the Rio hotel just off the strip is this wonderful little 24 hour treasure. The atmosphere is really great, and the service is just as good. The only thing I found a little off is the see through cases of frozen meat on display, but the foods too good to pass up.For the price you are actually getting some pretty decent food, between burgers, steak, sandwiches and other great bar like foods. I had the Blue Cheese Burger and it was one of the best I've had in a long time. I would love to go back and try something different, but I'm pretty sure I'd end up getting the same thing just because I liked it so much. This isn't one of the best places to go in Vegas, but if you've got the time, or have been to all the hot spots already, it's a nice little change of pace if you are a meat lover.
5	Dined here over the weekend 3 times and I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Blue cheese burger awesome!!! Dry aged bone in ribeye awesome!!!! pretty cheap too for a dry aged ribeye. Service was fast polite and and knowledgable. The front of the restaurant feels like a sports bar with so many plasma tv`s and when they sat me in the back it felt like a steakhouse...pretty cool!!!
4	Whether you are looking for a good sports bar and burgers (in the front of the restaurant) to great dry aged steaks and seafood (in the back of the restaurant), the All American Bar and Grille is a must inside the Rio.The visit is well worth the drive away from the Strip. While you are there, visit the Wine Cellar for a great bottle of wine (reviewed).
3	Too lazy to venture anywhere else for late night food?Came here around 1am since we kinda lost track of time.  Menu's not really big, typical items for an American fare.  Burgers, sandwiches, steaks, seafood etc.  I ended up getting the chicken fingers under appetizers but it's more like a meal rather than an appetizer.  For $10, you get 4-5 fairly big sized chicken fingers and you get a combination of criss cut fries and regular fries.  Nothing too crazy but I liked it since it did satisfy my cravings for fried food.  I also like their honey mustard sauce!Also got to try a bit of the mushroom burger.  Burgers are huge and probably a better deal all around compared to sandwiches.  A friend also got a breakfast plate chicken fried steak.  The chicken fried steak is essentially my chicken fingers, just bigger.  Lots of gravy smothered all over with biscuits complementing it.  I think this place is a fairly good place for late night dining, and it's nice you don't have to travel far if you're staying at the Rio.  A little pricey but that's unavoidable.
2	I'm pretty sure the burger made me sick.  I ordered it medium, it came medium rare and I ate it anyway.This rating is for the front as I didn't know there was a back and was not going to spend the big bucks on a steak by myself.
1	DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME. RUDE!!!!!! Dale was a shitty bartender/server. We complained and it got us no where. Its true its all about who you know, apparently Dale knows someone. Id ether cook popcorn in my room microwaze then deal with Dale.
3	A burger joint in Vegas. What do you expect? I'd probably give this a 2.5 given the opportunity, but it was better than a 2. Get the buffalo chicken "sliders". A good deal, cause they're easily splittable amongst a group. The waffle fries are tasty. The Cajun Burger was good and HUGE. Way more than enough for two people. As a rule, I would order one entree for two people.The beer is extraordinarily overpriced. But it's Vegas, right?The service was friendly, but a touch inept. Took a very long time to a get a single glass of water. We got the food and the beer before the water. But our server was very friendly, so all in all, it was a good experience.
5	Great steaks!!! Unbelievable flavor from mesquite wood fire grill. If you sit in the front it feels like a sportsbar with so many plasmas, but if you sit in the back it feels like a steakhouse.So cool!! Same menu either way..Def going back!!
3	Peanut Butter and Jelly Shake? Count me in!!....actually...the shake wasn't too bad.....but I had to get my fat kid urges outta the way and try it lol...I ended up grabbin a salad of some sort....my friends actually had better food than I did....really good hot dogs and the burgers seemed rather tasty....We sat towards the back of the room and I have to say the atmosphere was quite nice....fireplaces and water features were quite pretty....Good service overall and great place to go for lunch....=)Not sure how the dinner menu would be....but if you're lookin for a nice spin on American Food.....give this Rio Restaurant a go....
5	Best Prime Rib I Have Ever Had.My aunt and uncle took us here a few months ago while they were on vacation. We sat in the bar area which is your typical sports bar atmosphere, but they do have a regular nice dining room as well. We all ordered the prime rib and it was amazing. The service is so so but the food definitely makes up for it. Took my mom there last month and now are on our way back for Valentines dinner.
4	This was the only decent place to eat at the Rio, I stayed the last week of January and I ate at this restaurant about three times. The place is just as it sounds it's all american food and their main focus is the aged steaks they have which I didn't get to try since I didn't have too much money to spend. The food alone is going to be pricey no matter where you go to eat.The service was great and the server we had was very attentive. I had their bean dip a couple of times and the last night I went I found a hair in the dip so I lost my appetite but they were nice enough to not make me pay for the dip. Their Cesar salads were good and so was the shrimp. One of the nights I had the mini corn dogs and fries which were also delicious. Each soda refill isn't free which I found out when I got my bill. But besides that everything was great.I would recommended others to eat here if you are at the Rio but I don't think i'll be back since I probably won't stay at the Rio again for other reasons.
3	During our stay at the Rio, a few friends and I were hungry after some gambling. It was like 3am so we didn't have many choices. We looked at the menu presented outside the restaurant and decided to go for some chicken wings. 30 wings split amongst 3 of us. half buffalo and half dry. We also got a side of fries. I liked the dry wings over the buffalo since they were crispier. We were all pretty quiet during our late night snack. All we said to each other was this is good and crispy. I turn my head and see one of my buddies with a tower of bones already. He went to town! Fries were pretty good too.Service was a bit slow. We finished eating, but it took a while to get our bill and for them to take our CC. We needed to head back to the blackjack tables!
1	Wouldn't come back here again. Worst meal I have ever had,.  The service was slow. Steak was ok had no flavor at all. Some of out steaks were overcooked and like beef jerky. Sides were cold. Mac had absolutely no flavor at all. The mashed tasted sour too! There are other restaurants that are way better than this one. Also at 9:00 there hardly any people in the place. Busboys were super rude and would reach over you without even saying excuse me.
4	The All-American Bar & Grille is worthy of a repeat visit. During my last stay in Vegas, we were looking for an affordable place  to watch a few NBA games near the strip, after a Yelp search, this place felt right. We arrived in the early evening, and the place was packed. We requested a booth near the bar area, and were quickly served drinks. I had the grilled chicken with a side of vegetables and mashed potatoes. I was expecting my food to be on the level of a Denny's dinner in terms of taste, but was pleasently surprised with how yummy it all was. The chicken was moist and well-cooked, the potatoes were flavorful and the veggies were just right. After having made an effort with the Peppermill more than once and always being underwhelmed with their food and service, I've decided that the next time I'm in need of a moderately priced but good meal, I'll be returning to the All-American.
3	Had Breakfast here at Midnight. It was pretty good. Spinach Tomato and Swiss Cheese Omelet. I hadn't been here in a long long time. If I was in the Rio I would defintely eat here again. It hit the spot!
4	We wanted to have an early dinner before we started some gambling. We wanted to go somewhere that would take us quickly. The other restaurants at the Rio looked too busy and luckily they were able to seat us. I ordered the baby back ribs with rice and veggies. I don't know if the rice was spicy or if the veggies were spicy. It was a nice kick to the dish. I also had the buffalo teriakyi wings. It was nice and crunchy. I wanted some dessert to share but nothing seemed interesting. Maybe next time.
4	I really wasn't expecting much when I walked in, was really just hoping we could all find something we liked, since we had our teenage boys with us. And wow, what a menu ! One of the most varied menus I've ever seen. Anything from burgers and fries to steak an lobster !Usually I opt for the lobster or lamb when we dine out but this time I was in the mood for a little home cooking and opted for thier chicken pot pie.Best chicken pot pie I've ever had.2 days later we came back and I had the ribs and was equally impressed.Another thing tha caught all of our attention was the fact that anywhere in Vegas you order a Pepsi it is going to be watered down so far you can't taste the Pepsi.....thiers was not watered down at all.The service was great, I highly recommend !
3	The only good thing about this place are the wings.Fatty, juicy, sauce-laden wings.Everything else sucks though. haha for real.
3	Open 24hours.. This is probably the only place you can grab a bite if you are staying at the RIO and need a late night bite or early morning bite after a night out... Prices are pretty high, but what do you expect, you're in vegas... Its nice and pretty big.. They have all your typical cafe menu..breakfast, burgers, salads and sandwiches.. The portions for the breakfast meals were pretty generous and the breakfast potatoes are good, like mini hashbrowns.. the french onion soup is good too.
2	Do not eat here!! The buffet line down the hall is a much better bet. The two stars are for the appetizers. The clam chowder was decent, nothing special.  The burgers on the other hand were horrible. We ordered the regular cheese burger, chilli cheese burger, and the onion mushroom swiss burger. All were dry with absolutely no flavor. 3 out of 4 of us left behind more than half your burgers. You know its bad when you don't even want to take leftovers home. contributing to the bad food was the bad service. Our burgers took over 30 minutes to come out even though we ordered them to be cooked rare and medium rare. Seriously how long does it take to slap a basically raw piece of meat in between two buns and cheese.
1	Was hoping this place would be on the cheaper side. Wrong. A burger made with cheap meat (pretty sure it was pre-cooked and re-heated) and gross cheese with a coke shouldn't cost $17.50. The fries were good but not that good. The seats are ripped, the waiters so-so, and the general vibe equals meh. Will avoid this placee the rest of my trip.
4	Starving after a long hard day of shopping and hitting the slot machines and craps table...I was looking forward to a good lunner (lunch and dinner combined).  We ended up at the All-American Bar & Grille where I'm told they have awesome steaks and burgers.  Reading through the menu, my eyes stopped on "Aged steak"...."rib eye"....yep I was decided.Awesome choice! The steak was tender, juicy...a little over cooked than the way I ordered, but tasty nonetheless.  It came with a side starch (I ordered paella - you can take the girl out of hawaii, but you can't take the love of rice out of the girl).  While having lunner, I noticed a lot of patrons ordering burgers...to my left, to my right, and servers carrying trays out to the front....I guess that's what I'll try next time....maybe....c'mon...steak or hamburger....really??? is that a question????
1	In Vegas for a youth basketball tournament and tried to sit as a team in the restaurant. After taking our orders, we were notified that we would have to split up by family/table  because it was more conveinent for the servers when making out the checks. We sat there for another 25 min and no one ever came to take our order nor did they deliver the original round of beverages. On the way out I mentioned this to "Mike" the manager and all he did was turn around and walk away. I also mentioned it was my son's 11th birthday and all the kid wanted was a milk shake.....which never arrived. This place has themselves confused with a 5 star restaurant.
1	Soggy french fries?  Crazy crazy prices?  Long waits? this place has it all, the worst "Cafe" I've tried in vegas.
4	Great place for some real nice comfort foods. This place was way better than i expected.Tried the Prime Rib and French Onion Quesadilla and is was really good. Not overly stuffed with cheese and nice thick chunks of meat. Came with some nice fresh pico de gayo which i'm a sucker for everywhere.Nor Easter Burger is one of the best burgers I have had in Vegas. Thick and juicy meat, pastrami, and a perfectly cooked egg on top. What else could you ask for? Did i mention they can come with waffle fries? Perfection.Service wasn't all there though. Guy was kind of rude and didn't seem to want to be there. The room I sat in was kind of dark also. Other than that i would definitely go back.
3	Got the half chicken. Was delish. Price is pretty expensive though. But normal since it's in a casino. Waffle fries = win!Sadly didn't get to try any burgers or steaks.
3	I went in with pretty high expectations, after seeing "dry aged beef", and was disappointed.We went in August 2011 during a large conference event, and due to having reservations, were seated quickly, so I can't fault them on that.I'd say service overall was good; better than at some other dining establishments at the Rio, but not up to the standard of on-Strip properties like the Wynn.However, the actual food was pretty inconsistent -- drinks weren't great, and while some of the steaks were correct as ordered, others were overcooked (I'd accept a one level discrepancy, but medium rare should not be well done).I'm not sure how much of this was due to the restaurant being busy vs. routine.  However, they did adjust the bill to reflect problems, so we were overall pretty happy.  It's probably the best non-buffet choice at the Rio, but I'd still go elsewhere if I were looking for a great meal in Las Vegas.
2	Ate here twice during our stay at Rio. Our first experience was for a late lunch. As we were walking to our table we noticed the OVERSIZED portions of food so we opted to share a single plate. We got the chicken bacon sandwich (forgot the fancy name they had for it). The chicken was undercooked. We hardly saw our server so were unable to actually complain about it. The side of waffle cut fries were delicious though. We just took the chicken off the sandwich and it was still tasty. Overpriced but thankfully we did the plate sharing thing so it wasn't a total rip off. We did stiff the server for never coming back to check on us, which is something I rarely do.Our second trip was for late late dinner on our last night there. We opted to sit at the bar and received excellent service. We ordered the 3 burger slider plate and split it. It was PLENTY of food. Filling and very tasty. Again, the waffle cut fries were right on!My recommendations ... sit at the bar & make sure you split a plate. You'll regret trying to shovel in all the food the give you.
4	It's a little pricey, but it's in a casino.  What can you do.Their menu is HUGE!  I mean, you can get just about anything your heart desires. For instance, I had the crab legs (pre-cracked, Amen to that) and he had a jumbo hot dog.  That's quite the stretch on food selection, if you ask me.We were both happy and satisfied, even if his giant hot dog cost $16.
1	Dine here around 3 am on 9/5/11.  Service was super slow, which doesn't make sense since the waiter did not have many guests to wait on and was doing alot of standing around.  I ordered their potato cheese soup and a strawberry milkshake.  The potato cheese soup was served luke warm and tasted like it came fresh out of a Campbell's Soup Can.  Really gross!  Marie Calendar's is way better!  The Strawberry Milkshake was not very good either.  In-N-Out has a much better and tastier strawberry shake.Final Verdict:  Food and service was an overall disappointment!!!!
5	The food at the all American grill was very well done and tasted fantastic. My server was very nice and I could really relate to her. :)
2	Not good, but not horrible.Service is not good we only saw our waitress to order and get the check. However, they did make a grilled cheese for my friend and I even though it wasn't on the menu, so thats a plus. But...the grilled cheese and fries were like 12 bucks each...really?? I should have bought a loaf of bread and cheese and created one with the iron in our room. It would have probably tasted better. Yeah they weren't even that good, who messes u a grilled cheese?? Boo...My friends went back to watch football on Sunday and guess what they don't have breakfast but they're open like 24 hours. Just weird!I guess you have to take what you can get, if you have a late night craving or want to watch a game, but otherwise avoid this place.
5	Caesar salad with New York Strip on top :)I thought I'd eaten here about 10 years ago with my parents when they lived in Vegas, after this meal I'm not sure at all now.  I remember a primo steak house. This place served steak but they served everything in between as well.  Chalk it up to being the end of a long day of driving and two very tired people. We couldn't decide on a restaurant and were not hungry enough or energetic enough to try a buffet. So we ended up here because I remembered it fondly.  It delivered well on the food, quality was excellent by all standards.  A bit pricey.  I think the caesar salad with steak on top was just under $20.  The point is, I was HAPPY with it. So it's ok.Versatile menu and VERY enthusiastic and attentive waitstaff. They aim to please and just about bend over backward to give you what you want. Or what they think you want. As long as you are happy, then they are happy. NICE experience, even though i was tired and not in the mood for too much interaction.I think I would rather try this place again when i can enjoy it more. Ambiance was great, service stellar. Food pretty darn awesome. It earned it's five stars!:D
2	Came here once and it was awesome!Second time came here..also after clubbing hehehe....was about 2am. Asked for steak and eggs, medium rare. It came out completely well done and dry, and even the waiter knew so when I asked him to come back, he gave me a "yea I know I'll fix it" right away and took back my order. Second time, the steak was still well done, and I didnt even have to ask...he asked to refire another steak right away. :) Third time was the charm...waiter told the chef to make it rare, and it came out delish! I love the service and the amazingly nice waiter...food was mehhh...It was good, but would have been better if they made it right the first time. The NY steak was also not super great quality, but for late night cheap food, it'll do...especially when youre buzzin' and just need some food in your belly!
3	The All-American Bar & Grille (AAB&G) is located inside the RIO Hotel & Casino. There are two distinct areas of the AAB&G. The front half is a bar area with seating & TVs to catch the sports events, and a dining area in the back. The food is good and so is the service. As the name implies, it is "American Pub fare" with a selection of salads mixed in too. This is a great place to have a hamburger & beer after a round of golf or a day at the pool. It is also a good place to go for BBQ, steak, or prime rib too. We have eaten there since the Rio opened in 1991. Over the years, the menu has expanded to include many more varieties of beer, appetizers, and entrees. There is something for everyone on their menu. The only unfortunate part is that the prices have really increased. No way, no how, a cheese burger & fries should be over $10, and I don't care how good it is. A domestic bottle beer is now $5, and really should be closer to $3. Bar management should realize that the more reasonable drink prices are, the more beverages their patrons will consume. Of course, I'm not the one paying their rent, but the prices that they are charging today no longer qualify it as a good value. That is the only shortcoming that I can see with AAB&G. Aside from that, AAB&G is a good place to eat.
3	It's your typical sports bar with tvs everywhere.  The back room is pretty cool with the tri-level fireplace.  Prime rib with fried onion quesadilla was really good.  However, the prime rib was a lil dry.Service was average.  Probably wouldn't come back unless for the late night specials or if someone really wanted to come.
2	Had burger and the wife had the buffalo chicken sandwich. Fries were good but the burger and chicken were average. Considering the quality, I thought $12 for each sandwich was a bit high. Nothing special here.
2	I can't really say anything good about this place because I've tried to stay away from it for such a long time already.  Unfortunately, one of us had a $10 off coupon for this place, so why not?  Ten bucks is ten bucks...even though they move like the speed of light on the slot machines.Our waiter was below average.  The place wasn't busy but I noticed our waiter moving aimlessly to just move around with no purpose.  He was nice at first, but paid no mind to us after he introduced himself and after delivered our food even though he knew we were Diamond guests.The food here is OK.  The spareribs I had were decent.  Their soup...not worth the price of a Campbell's can!  It's a good place to eat if you're pressed for time.  But if you got time, I'd find some other place that serves a little better fare and quicker service.  Chances are, either scenario will have you finishing at the same time.  So, you might as well avoid the questionable service altogether.
1	We had a relative visiting for the holidays from Spain and decided to bring him to the AAB&G to experience traditional American food. Our experience was so poor that I'm not even going to spend a lot of time on this review. But here are the highlights, or "low lights", that contributed to our very poor experience.~ Seated us in the bar, even though we had a 6 y.o. with us~ The AAB&G meatloaf was grilled and served with BBQ sauce on it. who eats meatloaf like that? not Americans.~ ordered Cobb salad with no onions and ranch dressing, came with onions, no blue cheese and blue cheese dressing (BTW, Cobb Salad was made with iceburg lettuce. If I wanted iceburg lettuce, I would have ordered the Wedge Salad.)~ never saw the waitress after the food was delivered to even let her know that I possibly received someone else's Cobb Salad~ grilled jumbo asparagus was burned, they tried to cover it up by pouring lots of kosher salad and ground black peppercorn on it; if you're into charbroiled asparagus, this might be for youSkip this place. Or, if you do go, stick with a burger and a beer.
5	Bomb Ass Food....the steak was one of the best steaks I've ever had and I've had lots of steaks in my life time. Surprised on the price being a little pricey for being a Bar & Grill spot but once I ate, it was ALL worth it. If you stay at the Rio, you must try this place. YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!!
2	I ate here twice while I was staying at the Rio. The first time, I got the chicken quesadilla and it was ok - nothing special. The 2nd time I got the cheeseburger which was so dry that it was practically inedible. I am giving it 2 stars because the service was good and the fries were pretty tasty. You should probably go spend your money elsewhere though.
4	We decided to spend New Years at the Rio this year and we made reservations at the aab&g for New Years eve. The restaurant was packed and we waited only about 5 minutes to be seated. We had a party of seven. Everyone ordered cocktails and appetizers and the server was excellent and brought everything in a timely manner. All of the entrees except two were excellent. The two were "entree cobb salads" with chicken and the complaint was overcooked dried out chicken(the salads were actually ok). I had the dry aged bone in rib eye and it was outstanding. The grilled asparagus was amazing as were all of the sides we ordered. For an extremely busy night, the overall dining experience was excellent. I would highly recommend any of the dry aged steaks.
3	I don't have rave reviews about this place nor do I have many complaints. I guess it's just kinda average as far as bar and grilles go!Main course: (Me) NY Steak cooked Med-Well w/ baked potato (Friend) Filet Mignon cooked Med w/ baked potato My steak was a bit over cooked but still flavorful and delicious. My friends steak on the other hand was still squirming on the plate and bleeding all over the place. If it was me, I would have sent the steak back immediately, but because it took so long to get initially he sucked it up and ate it. The veggies were a bit on the salty side but still good.The best part of the dinner was when the fire alarm went off and nobody seemed to know what to do so they went about things as usual, like it was a common occurrence.Dessert was good. I had Red Velvet cake, it was flavorful and moist, and my friend had cheesecake that was pretty fabulous.All in all it was ok, I would probably eat there again if I was staying at the Rio but I wouldn't make a special trip to go there.
2	Meh. What would you expect for a random bar inside a crappy Vegas hotel? It's food. It's overpriced. It's not great. I had the french dip and the meat was super dry and the au jus mediocre. The waffle fries were just your standard waffle fries presumably out of a freezer (i.e., pretty awesome actually!). Certainly would never seek this place out, but if you're stuck in the Rio and want some quick food...
4	Went here simply because I was hungry, it was late and I didn't want to leave my hotel (Rio). I was very pleasantly surprised. At first glance the prices seem a little high, but the portions are huge! Also, if you are in the mood for steak but not eager to spend $30 or more, I recommend the Cobb salad with steak for $17. They literally put a whole steak on your salad, it's awesome!
5	Still amazing!!!!!!
2	You get what you'd expect from a place with this name.  I ordered a half pound hot dog that came with sliced beef, cheese and onions on top.  Nuff said.
1	Don't do it!  I was with some friends who wanted to try this place last Saturday around 2pm, they waited nearly 1/2 hour for a table and when we were seated I noticed only 50 percent of the tables were occupied.  I thought this was strange until we waited another 15 minutes to get our drink order taken.  Finally we ordered and the food took a while to come to the table.  However it came in reverse order.  The entrees were served first, then when we asked about the soups and salads, the waitress said they were still cooking them.  Funny, I wrongly assumed there would be a pot of soup in back.  It never occurred to me that the soup would be cooked by the bowl.  LAME!  If your going to bark out your behind at someone, do it to someone who has never worked in a restaurant.  All the while 4 other tables took their turns yelling at the servers and management for the horrible service.  One lady threw her drink on the table and ran out, she was at the end of her rope.  Or just liked drama.  We paid and left a 0 tip, which pains me because I believe that the server was put in the wrong job.  She should have been in the kitchen, or cashier or something.  She was not waitress material.  I would only recommend this place to people who like to yell, because that is the only way you will get your food.
3	Food seemed to be good , way overpriced but good; not bad if you have nowhere else to go and don't want to leave the hotel.
2	Over-priced with very mediocre food. We came here because we were staying at the Rio and were too lazy to go off-site. Hell - we were even too lazy to walk far from the elevators to our rooms. So the best thing you can say about this place is "It's inside the Rio and it's right at the elevators to your rooms if you are staying in the Ipanema Tower". There's nothing else positive you can say about it, but as they say - "location location location".I had the cheeseburger and it sucked. It was over-cooked and dry. But did I tell you this place is near my room?
2	This place was worse than mediocre. And incredibly overpriced. Their website lists the average price per person as $15, which is total bollocks since nothing on the menu is under $15, it seems.  Way overpriced for what you get and the service was incredibly slow.We had a friend in from out of town, so we went to see Penn & Teller. We thought we'd get a nice bite before we saw the show, but didn't feel like going the "fine dining" route.  So we stopped in here around 7pm on a Wednesday night and waited about 5-10 minutes before we were seated, which was fine.The menu was weirdly limiting. One steak, one chicken dish, one fish dish. Caesar salad with shrimp, steak or chicken. A couple kinds of soup. Potato skins and bar food.  I didn't notice any burgers or sandwiches or pastas... nothing a well rounded place would serve. The Rio website indicated this was kind of a casual steakhouse, whereas the reality is more of a sports bar, hence the bar food and limited dining room menu.We finally got our orders in, then sat for 29 minutes without so much as a basket of bread (which we finally had to ask for since we were starving) when the table next to us, seated after we were, had already enjoyed bread, salad and were digging into their entrees. I had to ask the waiter to go back and check on our food, which he brought out a few minutes later. Two caesar salads and a grilled chicken breast took 35 minutes.We asked if there was a locals discount and he said no, that we had to be club members. Since it's a Caesar's resort, we had one of those cards and he agreed to give us a discount, which I appreciated given the situation. It came out to be like $14 off, which tempered the ridiculously high price for a Caesar salad a bit.I'd never eat here again and wouldn't recommend it unless a friend was staying at the hotel and couldn't venture anywhere else. I'm sure it's fine for a beer and a hot dog or nachos while you're watching the game, but with a place that's made up mostly of restaurant tables, it's not much of a restaurant.
5	This rating is for the burgers only, as neither my girlfriend nor I had the steak (as tempted as we were though).  OUTSTANDING burger - just amazing.  Honestly, in the top 3 burgers I've had in my life.  Quality ingredients with the right spices (aka not too much salt like so many places) made this a memorable burger.  I asked for it to be cooked medium and they delivered - and scored!
2	Not all that great. Ordered a new york steak and it came out to be dry and not tender. Ended up eating half of it only because I was hungry.
4	My family decided to take me out to dinner here and I got the normal stuff.  I gotta say it was pretty good!!.Like any hotel with a moderate price... it was packed and loud!!! We didnt wait long, but I can see that happening as this place was starting to get busy.The service wasnt bad, but it did take a little bit longer to get the food.Parking sucks if its busy.
4	Im surprised at the poor reviews. Sure it was late night drunk food, but still... We had good food here, we stayed at the rio for the first time (probably last) on our budget Vegas trip, and this place was the best part. The french toast is bomb diggity, it had something extra to it, maybe nutmeg cinnamon vanilla extra. The wings were great. Freshly breaded and fried perfect, the buffalo was right on.  Our server was cool, not very talkative, but nice... it was wwwaaaayyyyy better than sao polo around the corner!
3	We were so hungry after going to Chippendales and decided to stop here since most of the other places in the Rio were closed. The portions were pretty big, we ordered 4 items and shared it among 6 people and still had leftovers. My favorite thing was the sliders. So good! :)
4	I ordered the Cobb salad which comes with bread. I actually enjoyed it a lot more than I thought I was going to. The portion is huge and between two people we couldn't even finish it. The rolls were good and I like how they served a pretzel roll alongside a regular style roll. It wasn't anything groundbreaking but I would order it again as I really enjoyed it.
1	I wish there was a way to give -100 stars. My girlfriend and I ate here in January of 2011. We stayed at the Rio and went downstairs for a quick bite. The food was horrible, service was shit. The waiter was running his runny nose and sneezing everywhere. My girlfriend and I ended up getting food poisoning from this place. My girlfriend was sick for our whole 4 day trip. I got lucky and suffered only 2 days, but she was miserable. Vomitting, diarreah and headache for most of our stay. Stay away from this place.
3	We ate here while we were at the Rio one evening. It was lackluster, but good. Typical sports bar, packed, big portions, but pricey. We also had the King Crab Cocktail. It was good but I am a fan of hot crab and not cold crab so keep that in mind. Burger was OK, chicken fingers were what you would expect. Our server was OK, however we had to flag them down for drink refills and the check. If I had a choice I would probably eat at the buffet instead.
3	The food is pretty good, but the service isn't fantastic. Took a long time to get anything when we were even noticed in the first place. Definitely good for a late night snack though.
2	Service brings the stars down for this place.  The burgers were reasonably priced, the aged steaks loook liked they might be delicious in the window, but we were never that hungry.  The bus boys were friendly, but I don't remember our waitresses name. Maybe because the only time that we saw her was when she gave us the check.  Seriously someone else even took our order.
4	Great burgers, waffle fries, and quick service. Much better then I expected and they have a good dinner menu and late nite burger menu also. Plus you can play keno at your table!!!
4	3.5 stars actually.Came here for the first time, the hostess gave us menus and sat us. Once we looked over the menu (not a big selection) we decided and tried to order. The waitress says that was the lunch menu and they are not serving anything on that menu so she gave us the dinner menu. Well, that menu had even less of an option to choose and nothing sounded good so we left....Came back the next day because the line for the buffet line was crackin and we had ate at the Sports Deli (which is really good and option 1 in my book) earlier in the day. I had the chicken fried steak and it was the best I've ever had...trust me get that!! Also our waitress that evening was awesome, (middle age pinoy woman) wish i could remember her name...we all ordered a Blue Moon (beer) to go with our dinner and she recommended that we put some actual OJ in the glass first then add the beer...it was GREAT!! We were all hungover & drunk at the same time...believe me its possible....and she had lots of patience.
3	Service is what won me over here...my steak was average and overpriced, but our server was kind, attentive, and worked his ass off for as many tables as he had. The restaurant was crowded, but had a lively, fun atmosphere. If you can't wait forever for the buffet, this is a decent option.
3	Okay I have one big qualm about this place - the hours.  Everything else was great - the service was pleasant, the food was large in quantity so you get what you pay for and it was pretty darned tasty (especially when you're desperate for a decent meal after five days of working as a volunteer at the Star Trek convention at the Rio).. the hours are the only bone i have to pick with them.  Why on earth, in the 'city that never sleeps' does a restaurant close down at 11pm???  The only days it is open later is the weekend, but on a weekday the casino was busy enough you would think food other than Burger King (blech) would be open until at least midnight!!  I had the burger with added sauteed onions, bacon and cheddar cheese and it was quite delicious.  The spiced cross-hatched fries were the first thing with spices that I'd had in my ENTIRE stay in Vegas.  Does nobody in that city use herbs or spices at all?   Anyway, I would definitely eat there again...the crab cakes are supposed to be quite delicious!  The potato skins look like they could use another little dollop of sour cream but otherwise those smelled delicious too.  I also had a long island iced tea but it was typical Vegas strong and was okay for the price...Next time I think I will just have a glass of the Dr. Loosen Riesling (a favourite of mine).
4	This is in the Rio and since the Star Trek convention was here... it's convenient to eat here - especially when you're wearing a costume and don't think people outside of the Rio not knowing there is a Trek convention would understand. Came here three times- one for lunch and twice for dinner. Not bad!LUNCH: Ordered a Turkey Burger with yummy goodness on it - onions, lettuce, mushrooms, etc. It was pretty filling with fries too! I was really surprised at how full I was. Lunch Service: Pretty fast and efficient. We needed to get out of there a certain time to catch a speaker for the convention. I was dressed normal, so they sat me in the center where everyone can see me. DINNER #1:I was dressed as THE BORG QUEEN and looked scary as f**k. So they sat us at the corner of the room. It was quite funny because NO one could see me. HAHAHA... i guess to not freak people out. I did look freaky. https://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/jOKSDbfa_Zx0qm6KVhq6Lg/l.jpgFOOD:I ordered a Clam Chowder soup cup - it was good. Not salty at all and came with crackers. It was a small amount but I wasnt hungry so it satiated me. SERVICE:Slow. It felt like they never came to our area - could be my costume - but man... it took forever to get them to come give us the bill. We were in a hurry again!DINNER #2:I was dressed somewhat normal - but I looked like myself. So they sat us with people again. I just wanted dessert because it was late. I got a root beer float! It was good but really small for the cost. -_-SERVICE:Standard. Not too fast, not too slow. They got confusing at times because the guy didnt speak perfect English and it took my friend awhile to get the beer. AMBIANCE:Bar sceneLots of TVsGood for groupsPARKING: It's VegasSMELL OF SMOKE: Nope.OVERALL: They are prejudice against Borgs. -_- But other than that, they were pretty good.
4	3.5 stars. Its actually not that bad of a restaurant, the prime rib is really good, cooked well but after a while you can get sick of it since its so big. The price isn't bad either for what you get. My friend and I ordered 10 wings, BBQ and they were okay, just average. At least it satisfied my wing craving! Other people at the table got a salad and hamburgers and they said the burgers were comparable to red robin or Island's. Service is good and food came out quickly.
4	Yummy food, good service.  Another place in the Rio that I love.  It is a great place to go after a night of drinking and you just want to munch on something.  Beware though the cocktails at this seemingly innocent spot are expensive!  Then they get you with the "Wanna make it a double?" question.  The french onion soup was fantastic!  I miss it already!!
4	I went to the Rio on a Saturday night. There was a 10 minute wait. The ambiance was loud but we were seated in the bar area right off the casino. The seating area was very nice. I ordered the All American burger. My friends ordered the prime rib and ribeye. My burger came out fully customized, 6 inches tall. It was delicious. Judging by the lack of conversation and the quickly cleaned plates, the steaks were pretty delicious too. The portions were generous. The prices were pretty fair, especially for LV. Why not a 5 starts? Our server was missing... a lot. I was sincerely surprised when I got a refill on my Pepsi. The noise I can forgive. But forgetting you have patrons... no bueno. I still recommend this place as a great place to eat off the strip.
3	Needed a place to eat prior to watching Penn & Teller. 15-20 minute wait for 4 people at 7pm.Food came out pretty quick even though they were busy. Food quality (spinach & artichoke dip, potato peels) was ok.Affordable prices. $1-2 discount per item with Total Rewards card.  Friends liked the Caesars Salad and Burger. Large portions so we had leftovers for the next day.
4	I've eaten here about a half-dozen times in less than a weak, so think I tried enough to give this place a solid opinion. Everything on their menus is a little pricey for a burger joint, but when your food comes out you know why, enormous portions! The burgers and sandwiches force you to really grab hold with both hands to wrangle them in your mouth, or at least wonder if you need to wuss out and ask for a knife and fork. Remember when the $6 burger was deemed classy, well let's leave that at CJ's these burgers are +$12. I am impressed with their waffle fries, always crispy and perfectly seasoned it really hits the spot for junk food. Chicken strips have much chicken flavor and is tender and juicy, perfect finger food and filling when you just want a tasty bite to eat and move on to the fun stuff in Vegas.For dinner, the steaks are actually pretty good. Real quality steakhouse style with criss-cross char marks and all! With the meat grilled on a mesquite-wood fired grill you can taste. At first you can't really tell what a nice place this is from, since the first thing you see is the sports-bar out front. For drinks just go with a beer to wash everything down. I tried their iced tea, both regular and passion fruit and they were disappointing. Tip: Sign up for Rio's "rewards card", and get a discount at this grill, rack up points and then spend them in the Rio gift shop! :D
3	The first time I ate their I thought the food was AWESOME. Slow service but GREAT food. The second time The food was good (they messed up my order) but our waiter was one of those who you could tell was TRYING to be super awesome and he failed. was really cheesy and messed up a bunch of stuff- BUT we did have a larger party so perhaps I should cut him some slack. They have AMAZING waffle fries!
3	ate here a couple of times while staying at the RiO...service is good. food is ok.
2	Great place to watch football since they have big TVs and are non smoking. However, our waiter ruined the experience. I've never seen someone in a Vegas casino as rude and curt as he was. Tip, get a players card. It's free and saves 10% on your bill.
4	Very good food.  High prices.  Enormous portions.The prices can be explained by the fact the restaurant is in a casino in Las Vegas, so everything else about the place is pretty good.If you find yourself hungry at the Rio -- try the AAB&G.
4	Had two very good meals here while staying at the Rio.
4	Made reservations here for dinner. could have been placed at a better seat, but I have eaten here in the past and knew that I was in for a decent meal that was reasonably priced for the quality. It ALWAYS surprises me the food that comes to your table at this little place tucked into a corner of The Rio's casino... It is TOTALLY unexpected. The service is helpful and is seeming never bothered by special requests. in fact, they seem eager to meet the challenge.I ordered a variety of meals here over the years but my favorite is the salmon ceasar salad. I order it every time I stay in Vegas.  Upon my request the salmon is grilled to perfection.This time I ordered desert. The sizzling apple pie it was delicious! The apples were soft but not soggy with a sweet tart flavor. This desert is a TRULY share"able" treat!
3	This is your very basic, run of the mill bar and grill located in the Rio.  It is right off the main gaming floor and pretty easy to find if you come in the front doors (where the taxi's drop you).  It has a full bar and lots of things like burgers, hot dogs, quesadillas and meatloaf.  Sort of diner food, but a little more Vegas glitzy.  Nothing here will rock your world, but you do get large portions for the big prices they charge.  They are a member of Total Rewards, so if you have that card you can get a discount.  Service was friendly, the place seemed clean, but it was one of the loudest places I have been to dine in Vegas (and that is saying something).  I could not hear my husband across the table without him yelling and then I still only heard every few words!  It was fine, not sure I would go back, but the Rio doesn't thrill me so not sure I would go back there at all!
1	Seeing the other reviews it seems some had a good experience and some didn't. The only two times I dined here it wasn't great at all. This was a few years ago so I'll try to recall best as I can.The first time our waiter was totally lost. We were seated promptly but waited quite a long time before we even got a waiter to come up and acknowledge us, I think it was closer to 10min? Even then the service was pretty spotty. Never came to refill our drinks til we flagged someone down after they were empty for awhile. Unfortunately the food wasn't good either. I got a burger n fries and the fries were overdone to the point it was hard all the way to the core. My friend ordered a soda before our meal and he never got it! When he finally managed to grab our waiters attention to it, it was after we were done eating. I couldn't complain about the overdone fries til that time since our waiter seemed non-existant after we got our food til we saw and flagged him down at the end of our meal. At that my point my friend said don't even bother since we were done and ready to go. The atmosphere and prices are reasonable but I wasn't gonna ever go back.The ironic part is about a year later, I was hanging with a friend visiting from out of town and we were gambling at the Rio and thats the only place open for food in middle of the night and we were both hungry. I was hesitant since my first experience. I even told that friend what happened that time. But my friend said nah, let's just eat here so I said ok. And what do you know, we end up with the exact same waiter I had the first time! I literally thought O. M. G. I tell him after the waiter walked away that this is the same waiter he was shocked too lol. Well maybe that first time was an anomaly and this time will be better right? WRONG. He basically served us similar to the first time, being pretty non-existant and he forgot something but I can't recall what item it was right now. Amazingly the fries were overdone again. I was starting to get the impression maybe someone there knew who I was and didnt like me? So deja vu haha.I'm sure the service there can't always be that bad and maybe I just got the same bad waiter both times, who knows. But I definitely will not go there again if it can be helped. It's sad though since I have found it overall very good at the Rio except for AAB&G and one time at the craps table.
4	I've stayed at the rio a couple times and always find myself eating here whether it be take out or dine in. I really like it! I haven't had one thing I didn't like. Their spinach artichoke dip is super good and their fries OMG. seasoned criss cut fries!! yum! The service has always been good. Had a really nice bar tender one time when i was sitting at the bar waiting for food. All in all its a good option for that hotel. The prices are a little high but thats vegas! Recommend!
3	This is probably one of the loudest places I've been to in Vegas. They had the music blared and everyone was practically screaming at each other to be heard. Not to mention that we were sitting next to an "I just turned 21" all-female party.The food here was pretty standard bar food. Burgers, quesadillas, meatloaf, etc. I had the meatloaf, which was a pretty good cut of meat. It came with a various assortment of vegetables and mashed potatoes and gravy. It was all pretty decent.Service was quick and the food came out fast, which was a good thing!
5	Great place to buy a drink and an appetizer. Their appetizers are monster sized and are not too steeply priced compared to other restaurants in the rio hotel. We had a very nice server. Even though we were tired and zombie like he was very accommodating and courteous.
4	Here is the haps:The food is awesome.  Ate here 3x during my stay at the Rio.  Had the Prime Rib, Black Canyon Ribeye, Chicken Wings (BBQ and Buffalo) and the burgers.  All of them were solid.  Prime Rib and steak were cooked to perfection, the wings were some of the best I ever had.  The burgers were great, big and nice and juicy.  Also, the clam chowder is a bowl of awesomeness.  Add some oyster crackers and a little tabasco and black pepper and you are good to go!The wait-staff was great, friendly and attentive, especially while dining at the bar area.  Don't know why people say it is loud in the restaurant.  I had no problem carrying a conversation with the people I was with.All in all, one of the better "diner" type places to eat in Vegas.
3	Came here on a Friday around 7 and got seated within 10 min.The server was accommodating as I told him we needed the food quick.Ordered the half chicken it was decent the mashed potatoes were goodSpinach artichoke dip was really cheesy was decent with the bagel chipsGrilled salmon was kinda dryThe grey goose cranberry tasted like grey goose Shrimp linguine never came :(I can't really recommend the any of the food we ordered
3	In a word, overpriced. I know most casino restaurants are, but this place listed burgers for $13 and I just didn't feel they were worth it. The mushroom-onion burger has an ample amount of tasty grilled onions, but the fries were somehow the star. They were crisp outside, and soft inside, and just the right temperature. This is one of the times I was a little glad that the portion wasn't too big, as I would have gulped down as many as they'd given me.The soup was not a good choice though- the French onion is only available in a bowl size, so I expected something larger than what I got, especially when it was priced at $8 and was more of an appetizer than a meal (which is what I'd ordered it for). Add to this that the soup itself was completely unremarkable, and you might understand my frustration.The customer service could also use a boost- one employee came by and asked for our drink order, only to be followed by another asking for our drink order and appetizer order RIGHT behind him. I understand that maybe they didn't know whose table it was, but the second guy (who we got stuck with the rest of our visit) was not as friendly and rubbed me the wrong way. For starters, he seemed frustrated that we didn't immediately place an order for a $12 appetizer the second our butts hit the seats and when we didn't have our meal order ready the moment he returned with our drinks, he rudely warned us that he was "going to step away for 60 seconds and be back", as if to make a point that we'd specifically said we needed an extra 'minute'. Maybe it was his attempt at humor or sarcasm, but it came off as rude and immediately gave our visit a negative tone.The food was okay, I guess, for what it was, but based on the customer service alone, I would not return.
4	Had a good burger and fries.
1	In a few words. Eat anywhere else, not here.Food is overpriced and uninspired. Wait staff is detached.
2	This restaurant is located in the Rio Casino/Hotel.  Not much to say. Waiters not friendly; hostess not friendly; food below average.  In fact, one of the worst burgers I've ever had.  Not fresh ground beef, but instead one of those hockey-puck burger patties that was bland, dry and chewy.  The fries were excellent.  When I asked for a replacement soda, as mine was flat and warm, the waiter told me that they are all like that. ?  Would not eat here again despite some of the good reviews.
2	Not much else open on a weekday lunch so decided to grab a sandwich from AABG.Think of AABG as an overpriced diner.  Went for the Philly Cheesteak and first glance, I was amazed at how big it is, but then once you go through it, you realize that the bread is the majority of the girth.  The bread was really tough and chewy.  The steak part was a bit dry, but it had peppers and onions with cheese, so that helped.  Asked for some BBQ sauce to give the sandwich a bit more flavor.  The sandwich also came with some fries.There's also burgers, salads, and even meatloaf on the menu.  Probably should've went for a burger.Service was good.  It wasn't too busy, so waters and iced tea refilled fast and the nice old lady swung by several times to check on us.
4	Great ambience and good foodWe always tend to eat at the AABAG when we stay at Rio.This is good enough restaurant with late night service and great food. The service is good as well. The menu is not vast but still decent for a restaurant that is open so late.I have tried a few options for salad and sandwiches out there and never was disappointed. If you are a total rewards member then you get a discount as well. The price is fair enough even though it is inside the casino.
4	Yes it is a little over priced, but the food is huge portions, so go in looking to share, and tastes amazing. Went in last week for my birthday.I had the  chicken and it was huge, cooked perfectly with lots of veggies and mashed potatoes.  I have celiacs and they helped me out with making sure my dish was gluten free.  I was happy.  Husband had a burger, per usual.He had a beer while I had a cocktail.  Pricing wasn't too bad, because let's be honest I've paid much more for far less and much worse.Service was just ok, a little slow.  But I'd recommend and I'd come back
1	Food that your dog may not choose to eat. Yes, it's that bad. Eat here at your own risk.
1	This was the very first place I ate at in Vegas a few years back and it was one of my worse.  First of all our server had a very cold demeanor about him and was very slow to serve us all the while I see him serving a table right next to as if they were celebrities.  So basically he was treating us like 2nd rate customers.  Now to the food... I had a burger, wife had a salad.  This was one of the worst burgers i ever had... it was one of those thick, flavorless, and bone dry burgers that tasted like nasty meatloaf that was sitting around in a fridge uncovered for a few days.  Wife said the salads she gets at a local grocery store (doesnt care for them but only gets it as a convenient work lunch) tastes better.  Combine this with the high prices made for a very disappointing experience.  Ever since I have not visited another generic casino bar or cafe for food.
2	Looking for a quick meal and a place to watch some football, I stumbled upon this place. Although not a looker, the place was packed, so there was hope for a good meal here. Then I opened the menu.... $15 salads, $13 hot dogs, $35 dry aged steaks... Seriously, is anyone ordering a $35 dry aged steak at a sports bar? I opted for a quesadilla and a Heineken, then bounced asap. Staff was friendly, but this was a one and done dining experience. Tip: If you're looking for a quick meal, suck it up and hit up the BK Whopper bar instead.
2	Was in town for the day (April 13th) with family for drag races. We opted to stay at the Rio since they had a parking lot accommodating for all of their trailers, cars etc. This place seemed like it would be good for a quick bite, not so much. Where to start:20 minute wait to be seated turned into 30. Drinks were ordered right away but waited another 15 minutes after drinks were dropped off before waiter came to take our order. Now over all the food wasn't horrible but mediocre and over priced at best... I think the best thing was the version of a wedge salad.Not hard to screw up. Shrimp cocktail consisted of 4 jumbo shrimp with a lemon wedge,saltines and a tiny cup of sauce $14..no thanks. Oysters Rockefeller $15 and ate 2 of the 6..oyster was beyond small and drowning in so much tasteless gooey sauce.Long story short save the time and money go else where.
2	this place used to be a respectable steak house.  today it's not even a respectable sports bar.  I was meeting a friend for dinner and arrived a few minutes early.  I was told that the restaurant doesn't seat parties unless everyone is there.  good policy for vegas so I sat at the bar and had a beer.  a half hour later I was getting worried about my companion and confirmed with the manager that they do not seat partial parties.  low and behold, five minutes later my friend came out of the restaurant saying she had been seated and was waiting for me for a half hour.  oh well, my bad for thinking that the staff follows or even knows their own policy.  for dinner I ordered a wedge salad and ny strip (medium).  the salad was ok but at 9 bucks I should have passed. the steak was hideous.  first of all, a new York strip does not have a bone (or two). that steak is called a "Kansas city cut".  I ordered it medium (which at any decent steak house means pink throughout).  at AABG it means cooked to leather.  it also lacked seasoning.  it was also served with diner style batter fries and mushy carrots.  my advice to the chef would be to take a little pride in what you do, but i'm sure this place doesn't have a chef.  it has corporate managers.
4	Stopped here to get some food and drinks before a show.I had the Classic Burger and added onion, bacon, and cheddar cheese.  Lives up to the name, really tasty, and ingredients were all fresh.  I asked for the burger medium rare and lo and behold it actually was - in fact it was perfect.  Being from Utah where burgers are legally required to be flame grilled right through on the fires of hell and few restaurants will even go near rare of any kind this was a nice change!  Fries were super awesome also.My wife's quesadilla while okay was nothing to write home about but it at least hit the spot.Friendly bar tenders and super fast service, and reasonable prices to boot.
3	I stopped here because it was comped, definitely overpriced for what you get.  Two burgers and two drinks will run you $35. Drinks are $3.50 for a  soda or Iced tea. The burgers are very fatty and are lacking flavor. They have a great appearance though since they are stacked high and very thick. The standout item on the menu was the french fries. They were battered almost like onion rings and absolutely delicious
5	Was just here the day after Christmas and my date and I were looking for a place to dine before we hit the slots.  We had tried Voodoo Lounge a month prior, but we felt we didn't get our money's worth there.  So we decided to go here and split the 16oz rib eye.  To make the long story short, we liked it so much that we came back the next day and ordered the same dish. RIb eye (medium rare), with mashed potatoes and salads.  Total bill came out to under $50.  8oz each was more than enough.  Will return next time i"m in town.
4	My wife said the clam chowder was the best she's ever had! All the food we had was good. She got the prime rib and I got chicken pot pie.
2	Just plain bad. Burger was dry and tasteless. Anyone who says this place has good burgers must have never eaten one anywhere better than McDonald's. Service is pretty shabby too. They're not bad people, just as uninspired as the menu. BTW, this is the same bad food they bring you in room service, they just double the price for the luxury of eating it in the room.
1	Food was mediocre at best. I had the prime rib (16oz) and my wife had the cheeseburger. I managed to gnaw through my meal, but my wife chose not to finish her burger. While the food was barely eatable, the service made the whole experience unbearable. We were at the Rio for the Penn & Teller show, so when the waiter did not appear at our table at first, we called over the hostess and told her that we where in a bit of a hurry due to the show starting soon, to her credit she walked over to a server and told him...he, I assume louder than he thought, said something to the effect of "seriously? the show doesn't start for an hour, they should calm down"...rude! Now flash forward 50 mins to me standing near the server station trying to get someone to cash me out so that we could run to our show.
5	This place was recommended by a friend he kept raving about how good their steak is here. So I gave it a try Black Canyon Filet was great more than expected, it came with creamy butter smashed potatoes and green beans. I state some comments on how pricy it was but it is so worth it.
5	Full disclosure upfront that my review is based off of a dining experience at 5:30 AM after a long inebriated night at a nightclub and then another type of club. I will have to say the Buffalo wings were amazing. Some of the best I've had. Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Their fries were also pretty amazing. Can't tell you why but I was so content.
2	We were walking around the Rio and decided we were a little parched. The bf, his family and I sat at the bar to order a few drinks and play a little video poker. It was around 11:15 at night so it wasn't too busy. THREE bartenders walked by us and not even a hello!!! Andrea (older blonde lady) finally offered to get us some drinks. She looked a little flustered and said it had been a crazy day for her. Even though she had a bad day, she was still pleasant with us and didn't seem annoyed that we only ordered drinks. Thanks Andrea for being pleasant enough for us not to walk out!
3	It was ok, but far from great. Our entire party felt a bit let down, and a couple are regulars here (they also commented that it's just OK, but a convenient location when they have limited time). My steak was cooked to medium+ though I asked for rare. They make a big deal about the quality of their dry aged steaks, and they aren't cheap, so I expected some quality all around. I have no idea if it would be better if it was cooked properly, but I didn't care for it. My wife asked specifically if there were peppers in the spinach dip and they said no. Well guess what...so she couldn't eat much of it as she really hates the taste of any kind of pepper. We were on a tight timeframe and it had already taken a while to get served, so we couldn't send things back. We'll just avoid it in the future.
5	Why no love for this place?!? My review is based solely on the steaks and they knocked it out of the park. My wife needed her steak well done because she's pregnant and it came out well done without being dry. My New York was a perfect medium.It doesn't have a fancy atmosphere, but who cares about that. For steaks, a solid A!
3	Our group of 7 were seated in about 20 minutes. I ordered the wicked burger, with a gluten free bun. The burger itself was tasteless, and the spicy sauce that they use for the burger was nearly nonexistent. The party was not cooked even, as there were some portions which were red. The waiter did not ask me how well I wished to have my patty cooked. The fries were absolutely delicious and cut very differently. The fries were cut flat, and had a crispy outside. We also ordered an appetizer of their buffalo wings which were absolutely amazing. Fried plain, with dipping sauces on the side--the outside was crunchy and the inside was very meaty. The wings were the best part of the meal.
5	FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Absolutely had a blast , the buttermilk batter chicken fingers are outstanding and for a starter a bit to much . The famous apple pie is DELICIOUS but beware the skillet is hot and the caramel sauce will destroy your tongue is the hot sauce hits it . Also the fish and chips is really really good and coming from north east Scotland I know good fish and chipsRecommended and will be back !!!!!!
3	I was there over the weekend and had the steal and eggs. Eggs were good, the NY strip steak was tough. Service was great, they did everything to make me happy. This restaurant reminds me of a place that would be at the airport, not good and not bad for food.
2	Came here for dinner during our stay at the rio and was not very impressed. My friend and I ordered the sliders and fried Mac n cheese to share. Sliders were okay but the fried Mac n cheese sticks literally had zero flavor. They came with some sort of spicy ketchup (wayy to spicy for me) and blue cheese dressing- neither of which helped the flavor. The serving size for these were huge so share it with 3-4 people. My husband had a philly cheese steak which he enjoyed, but I tried a bite and the meat was a bit dry. The service was good, just not impressed by the overpriced glorified Denny's food.
2	Saw this place and menu online. We thought it had some good choices. When we arrived, the first waiter didn't understand much English so he struggled with simple drink orders. Food was just ok, what you might expect at Denny's. The table could have used some repairs.
3	Went here before penn and teller show on 7.5.14.  Had shrimp cocktail and prime rib. Other at table got fish n chips, baked potato, caprese salad. All were fair and pretty good. Caprese salad had more of a balsamic glaze as opposed to balsamic vinegrette. Service was decent and overall experience was actually not that bad. They were even able to seat us earlier than our initial reservation as restaurant was not that busy. The negative part came when the dessert was ordered. We ordered chocolate molten lava cake. It came out dry as a bone. There was no lava or chocolate fudge as the menu stated. Server was minimally apologetic and didn't seem too sure of how it was supposed to be cooked. They took it off the bill but it was disappointing.
1	Very poor service. Had to search down our server to order and again to get our bill. The guy who brought our water was very nice though. The food was bland and mediocre at best. I would definitely not recommend this place.
3	I'm not a big fan of restaurants that fully open into a smoky casino but the All-American Bar & Grille had a few food items that fully made up for this and the fact that their water tasted gross and their Arnold Palmers were not much better. Alcohol is probably the play here and so is getting their fried mac and cheese appetizers. Piping hot and to-die-for. I also tried their fish and chips which were surprisingly good. I had to request malt vinegar which, in my opinion, should instantly accompany the dish. Don't expect attentive service here. Actually, don't expect much of anything - you're at a bar & grill at the Rio casino.
5	New York steak butterfly cut was the bomb, with additional fish and chips Dinner is complete. Great customer service for Sunday
4	So the World Series of Poker comes into town for a month and a half every year and during that time, I get a lot of meals in at this restaurant. Overall - I've really liked everything that I've had. I would have given it a five star except a few servers were just OK.On the burgers side - the Chili Burger is really good but large. It's a great item to share. On the Vegan side - the Black Bean and Quinoa burger on a Gluten Free bun is really good. I think you have to accept that you're not eating meat, but the texture of the patty is really good. I normally also like veggie burgers and alternative types of patties so perhaps I'm more liberal in my thoughts but the ingredients that make this patty are not a mystery, they are fresh beans and quinoa.I just went there tonight and I shared a full rack of ribs with my husband and it was sooooo enough of a share plate. It also comes with a huge baked potato (dollar extra to have it loaded - we did!) and veggies. I had come to expect their food to be pretty good, but the ribs were excellent. They make their own BBQ sauce and it's got the right blend of tangy and sweet in it. The food came out nice and hot and we had a great server tonight to top off the experience.
3	Ok, but not great.  Everything was a bit greasy, and all of the seats at the bar are stuc with those darn games that take up all of the area, making it difficult to eat (and seems like it'd be difficult to clean, so I suspect lots more germs).I ate there a few times.  The cobb salad was a good solid bet.  Decent blue cheese dressing, and fresh lettuce.  I would avoid the burgers -- I had the mushroom & swiss, and it was so greasy it seemed a bit disgusting.
3	Food was very good I would give 5 but the service was poor, the waitress didn't know anything about the restaurant a simple " what vegetables are in the mixes vegetables" she could not answer. The chef walked by and I asked the question to him, not only did he answer but also told us they were blanched then roasted. Service needs help we also didn't receive pur appetizer u ntill 3/4 of the way through dinner when we asked for it and the waitress responded "oh, yeah" "do you still want it?" ... um we ordered it so yeah.Over all I think the food made up for the service, sat down and ordered at 5:55 food was served by 6:15-6:20.
2	The menu online sounded great, however upon arrival I wasn't impressed. I got a Caesar salad. I was disappointed that they didn't have croutons. That makes the salad. I ordered the quesadilla. I wasn't impressed nw hitched we had eaten elsewhere.
2	First, please clean your grill.After this last visit, I don't think this place will be my go to when in need of food and fast.My husband and i ordered steaks, both medium rare. Mine was well done, my husbands was rare...hmmmThe shrimp I ordered to go with the steak since I was in the mood for seafood, tasted of the same smoky, dirty grill taste that the steak had. Let me break it down for you guys. Olive oil, salt and pepper marinade, and when it is on a SCRAPED grill, butter, butter, butter. You will gain a lot of fans if you begin to cook your steak this way.Hopefully, this place reads reviews, and goes about looking into how they cook things. I will return, if I start reading some amazing reviews. Otherwise, I will head down to the Whopper Bar, same type of food, a lot cheaper.
3	Well this place is about what you expect when you are wasted or hungover it has the perfect grill American food you need fries chicken fingers patty melts. As long as they get your order right the first time then it's all good.
3	My old friend is in town and staying at the Rio so I met him up for some drinks and then I definitely needed some food in my system! This place was right next to the main bar we were drinking at so we sat at the bar here. We decided on some wings, sauce on the side and the macaroni and cheese. No complaints! The Mac n cheese was ooey gooey and cheesey and delicious and the wings were crispy but still juicy on the inside! Also the drinks were decent, not a weak pour and MOST of the bartenders were col
5	I've eaten here a few times. So far everything I've tried had been delicious! The other day I ordered the bacon cheeseburger. It was fantastic! I recommend ordering french fries with it. Very tasty!!  I like this place, I'll be coming here more often.
2	With all of the amazing places to eat in Vegas this is one of the places not worth your time or money. I meet up with friends who were already at All-American. The service was marginal, I had to wait and catch the bartender to refill a drink because the server did not bother. Once the food was ordered, it took a good length of time to make it to us. I do not understand what is difficult about a couple of basic side salads, especially when the lettuce clearly came out of a grocery store bag, lettuce flecked with dry carrot strips and bits of purple cabbage. It was not worth the $7 when it arrived. The main meal was better. The sliders were fine as was the club sandwich. The fries that came with the sandwiches were good, thick cut potato and fried to a nice crisp. While the main meal was fine, and the fries were good, nothing was memorable. The meal was not worth the bill that finally came either. On another note, I understand this is Vegas. But video gaming built into the bar? Is this really necessary?
3	The food was great. However, service was very slow. We went on an off night and they weren't that busy. I'm not sure if they were understaffed. The staff seemed to cater to the bachelorette party that was there.
1	This place sucked. While you can gamble at the bar and play Keno, the food and service was awful. When we were seated, it took about 5 minutes to order. After that, we sat for 30-40 minutes waiting for our food. I had fish and chips, and they were the worst fish and chips I've ever had. Fries were lukewarm and fish was stuck together and chewy. For 20$ it was god awful. For being in the middle of the Rio I figured it would be good, but no. Will never comeback or recommend.
5	Have been here four times in the past few years.   The first time was when I was staying at the Rio and didn't feel like leaving the hotel.  But the steaks are really, really good and I keep coming back here for the filet mignon.  Yes, it's expensive, but not when you compare prices with any of the high-end steakhouse restaurants on or near the strip.  When you walk through the casino and see this place, it looks like a generic sports bar that you might see in any of the Vegas casinos.  It doesn't look like a place you'd go for a glass of wine and a great steak.  But they also have a back room with a fireplace if you want to get away from the smoke and keep it classy.
3	Hands down one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas, NV. Great for a romantic dinner, great in a group . Excellent service
5	The immediate standout here is the service. I would say they are equally if not more attentive than All-American Bar & Grille. Attention to detail and courtesy is just amazing.  The food - smoked trout and seabass was absolutely delicious. Well-rounded modern American cuisine that borders on comfort and fine dining.
5	Who thought that breakfast could be so delicious? Try the huevos rancheros, and you will come back for more!
5	My first impression of this bar and grille was that it was going to be average.  Boy, was I wrong in thinking that. Atmosphere:I first like to start off by saying, this place is a cozy hide away, with a fire place and nicely decorated. Food:Was amazingly delicious.  We order everything from a turkey burger, hamburgers, chicken wings, prime rib to a chicken cheese steak sandwich.  The wings were do good we had 2 orders before dinner and 2 to take home.Service:Was great. The waiters and servers were there when you needed them. My only complaint was I never got my Caesar salad with my prime rib dinner.
1	Maybe it was what we ordered, but I would not eat here again. For two of us this is what we got for an $80 lunch:2 beers [1 small 1 large]Cobb Salad with SoupFish and Chips and a Dinner SaladI couldn't believe the bill was $73 [with tip $80]We reviewed all the charges and there was nothing on the bill we didn't order, I think it was just expensive. I understand this is Vegas and things are expensive, but Rio is an average hotel and the food was just decent and passable but nothing I would want again. I don't mind spending money on a good meal but that's just the thing, the food was nowhere near worth it. I'd rather go to the buffet and spend half for both of us to eat, or go across to Palms or Gold Coast and eat there. At least the food is better.
