3	I have not been at the Vine for years.  I have frequented the original by the ASU campus...but we will not go into how many years ago.  A woman is allowed to keep her age a mystery.We met up with friends we had not seen in a while who frequent the Vine for the wings and fries.  So my review is for wings and fries...big favorites in our household and worthy of rating a restaurant since it is probably the only thing we get at said restaurant (i.e., Native New Yorker).   So if you go to the Vine on my recommendation and order something other than wings you've been warned.  However, Iowans rarely screw up food, so you can probably deviate from our normal palate selection and get a burger and be happy.  Next time I go I do have to try the breaded pork tenderlion sandwich to see if it transports me back to my days in Des Moines. I like the Vine wings better than New Yorkers.  Crispy, decent amount of meat, but not too much.  Wings that are too big tend to be more mushy in the mouth and loaded with fat.  The New Yorker will sometimes serve wings so small I start wondering if they are mutant and have been bio-engineered.  The hot wings at the Vine are hotter than the New Yorkers.  I ate a few hot wings, then switched to a medium just to cool down.They have Stella on tap, the fries were excellent.  When we are hankering for wings, we will definitely go back.
3	All right...dragged the kids in.  The son thinks the wings are comparable to New Yorker...hubbie now thinks they are better than the New Yorker.  The hot wings have to be a big bonus for my guys since they like things HOT.  Medium does it for me.  Hubbie commented he doesn't feel as full after Vine wings, so maybe something they do w/ their prep causes less bloat????Daughter liked her chicken salad.  It definitely beats any salad the New Yorker will serve you.  I think we have a new go-to place when the guys are hankering for wings.So we made it 2 weeks in a row and I am wanting wings again tonight.  Maybe 3 weeks?????So Woohoo for the wings!
4	I have three words for you -- pork... tenderloin... sandwich. That is why I'm giving the Vine four stars. You often can't find these delicious treats in Phoenix -- it's an Iowa thing -- which I find surprising, since so many people from Iowa live here. I'm a native of Arizona, but my roots are deeply entrenched in the corn fields of Iowa. My parents are from there, and they brought with them a love of the pork tenderloin. So, when they heard about The Vine, and their offering of a pork tenderloin sandwich, they woohoo'd their way to the nearest Vine (which at that time was on Indian School & 28th St -- now called McKenna's). And ever since, the whole family have been fans!  I have dared, on occasion, to forgo the p.t. sandwich and try something different, and I have never been disappointed. They have your typical sports bar/pub food, which is decent, but I must say their french fries are fantastic -- thin, shoestring fries, that are crispy with just the right amount of salt.  And, to go back to the p.t. sandwich, I'll say that it isn't totally a typical Iowa pork tenderloin. Its breading is a little spicy, and they include a side of chipotle mayonnaise, both of which adds a nice kick. I guess they decided to add a bit of Southwest flavor to a Midwestern standard. No complaints here!So, if you're ever in the mood for a sandwich that reminds you of your Midwestern roots, or you're just in the mood for some great food, visit the Vine, and you'll wonder, "Is this heaven? No, it's Iowa."
4	Went here with friends last night and the wings were among the best I have tried in Phoenix area. Burgers were excellent, MUCH better than any of the fast food places. Service was very good also. Hope to be back again soon!
5	This place has the best wings I've ever had. I am always happy when I come here. I order the wings crispy and they are never soggy like most places...I also like the buffalo chicken quesadillas.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!For what it is. Now I had fun here. Great staff, The food was good bar food. Its not a 5 star restaurant and the food doesn't require preparation and planning by some Le Cordon Bleu trained chef. But its bar food and its bar food done right!I had a great time with friends here last night. We split some wings, a pizza and appetizer sampler.Everything came rather quickly and was very good. And cheap!Our waiter was great. Very funny and friendly.I was also very appreciative to our waiter for brewing me a fresh pot of coffee.Now we picked this location over the other one because this one never has a cover charge and as it was further away from ASU, we figured (correctly) that it would be perfect for a laid back night out. Apparently I am getting too old to stay out as late as we did...
4	Been here a few times - my friend Mark comes so much he practically owns the place.  Staff does a good job,  nice sports atmosphere,  enjoyable hangout -excellent wings. Had a midori  sour, tasted either watered down or a little light on the alcohol.
5	This bar is straight up awesome. I've been coming here (exclusively nights) for the past two years, and it's always a good time. The drink specials are great almost any day of the week, bar food is good (best wings around, get them on Tuesdays for $2 off), and the service staff is full of funny and professional people. This location is also by far better than the one by campus; it's populated by tons of cool regulars rather than unruly college students. Come by tonight!
4	Still great wings and a great staff.
3	I went in there once for lunch and the food was not that great. Their caeser salad had too much dressing on it. The artichoke spinich dip was a bit too cheesy. Their burgers tasted alright though. They have good deals on drinks. 3 or 4 bucks for a huge almost pitcher sized glass of beer is great! I like going in here at night rather than the day. The digital jukebox and the small area for games like pinball is fun when you are tipsy ;) The service here has been good sometimes, other times it could have been better (we felt like we were being ignored). Overall, I give it an average grade.
4	The staff makes this place great.  The ownership takes away.  I've been coming to this location for years, living very close by.  They updated the TVs and sound system about a year ago, which really made it a great place to watch a game.  The prices are good, and they have good specials.  The wings are the best you can find in Arizona.  They have a business dispute with a beer distributor that prevents them from having Coors and Miller products on draft, which I think is absurd.  I always sit at the bar, and can always have a pleasant conversation with people at the bar.  The bartenders are the best.
4	Update:   They now have Coors and Miller Lite on draft.  Yay!  They're a real bar again.  I don't know the drama, but apparently the management has been "let go" and the owner is now managing the place.
3	This place is okay. They have good happy hour prices but the food is regular old bar food, nothing special. Lots of people go here to watch football.
3	Local dive bar which I will give 3 stars -- pretty chill and quiet for my taste.  Every now and then I'll take a stroll along the neighborhood and bump into a unicorn and ask for a wish.  She might grant me 1, the cost of a shot of stuff unknown.  Though I can't complain since it was a tad bit fruity and tasty -- yum skittles!  Our server was cheerful and fun recommendations many she had, more shots? please yes; it's my friends B-day I add.  Well drinks and beer, the more the merrier!  A picture? Sure so fuzzy it came out, but the same for my sight after the night and I was out - Enjoy!
1	Eaten there several times - been sick feeling after 3 of them. Not a clean place, service is slow and with the exception of a few beer specials the menu is overpriced ($8 for a dozen overcooked wings?) Had hope for them to get better after they remodeled about a year ago but I won't be giving them another chance.
4	Transports me back to my college days in Iowa City on stein nights and wing nights-I think the were either 25 or 50 cents back then. Frequented the downtown Iowa City location on too many occasions to count! They have the best wings I have ever tasted-well at least the best flavor, I always get the maple honey hot. I was so excited to find out when I moved to Arizona there was not one, but 2 vines here. They would get 5 stars, but same goes at this location as in both Iowa City locations, the service can be at times horrendous. Ok, the Coralville one is the one that takes the cake on horrible service!  But, the still have great wings, great beer, and it's always a good time :)
4	LIke the other raters said: you gotta know what it is: what it is is a dive bar that caters to the college kids. Once you know this genre then it needs to be rated on par with other college dive bars. The beer: cold and cheap. 5 stars. Lots of beer selections on tap. $1 PBR. I'm all over that!Food: 3 stars. I ate it, thats all I can say. Had a burger and it was very average. I'll save the details about the smelly lettuce and tomato. I could do fine without eating here again. As a matter of fact, there is a Wendy's that shares the parking lot with The Vine. Go there and eat and then get a beer at The Vine. My daughter had the wings (of course being dad, I had to try them). Being a wing expert I would say 4 stars on that: Better than average but not quite outstanding. The service. 3 stars. It is what it is. Average and cheap. The place could be so much better with a really good kitchen. The menu should be rethought a little. A better menu and food and you will have a standing room only business.  Think of a place like the chuckwagon except they serve alcohol.
4	Parking: Nice lot, good amount of spaces and good lighting. Curb Appeal: Strip mall Bar and Tavern; Clean entrance, no major issues. Big tinted windows on the side facing Elliot to keep the sun out; the front looks like strip club (not a bad thing, just sayin'); It has glass block windows and a solid oak door. Layout: Cool layout; right side is a large dining room with good amount of tables and some booths. Off to the left of the entrance is a large "U" shaped bar with plenty of high top tables surrounding it. On the dining level there are numerous booths and table tops. Ambiance: VERY clean, noticed that a table stayed unbussed for only a few seconds before it was taken care of. Good sound system, lots of TV's showing variety of sports. I can only vouch for the Mens room, but it was actually REALLY nice. Good clean area with lots of room, plenty of soap and towels.Food: My group had a little bit of everything on the menu. Sliders were actually good, wings were good with healthy amount of sauce (Get the Maple Hot...different but good). Drinks: Plenty of beer on tap and at a good price. Even PBR for your hipsters out there; good micro and import selection, but not great. Staff: This is were they earn the 4th star. AWESOME. Everyone was friendly and seemed to actively look for ways to make the visit more special.  The Skinny: This place is good. I'd be comfortable bringing the guys here for some football or happy hour beers...and it's equally comfortable if you want to bring the wife/girlfriend/husband/whatever  for some drinks and some  fun. I suggest you give it a chance and don't let the "dive bar" reviews get you. I've been to a lot of dive bars, and this place is a few steps above that for sure.
3	Walked in and noticed a sign with alcohol specials. Said bloody Marys were 3.50 but when I ordered one was told that was only for weekends. So ordered one anyway, tasted like it was straight tomato juice with lemon squeezed into it. Had the medium hot wings, good flavor but they made u pay an extra 50 cents for blue cheese. Whoever heard of hot wings with no blue cheese? So next time ill stick to the ice water and bring along my own blue cheese,
5	Yes this is a local dive bar. However, it is quite good in the food dept.as well.    Came here last night for a quick dinner. Quite a lot to choose from on the menu.    My girlfriend was even able to get hot green Tea,and you would not expect that would you!    We both opted for sandwiches.  Very good, they subsitute without a problem. Our waiter was very good and our food was hot.                                                           They have a different menu speical every day of the week.    Lots of pluses here. They have 14 TV's all with differnet channels going.                        So you can't say you couldn't find anything to watch.    They have resone all the boots so they are nice and comfortable. Bathrooms are claen. Lots of  parking in the lot.....We like it!
5	The vine has seriously legit wings, and on Tuesdays and during happy hour, they are only $4.99 for a dozen (woah, right?!). There are a lot of TVs, so it's also a place I'd recommend watching a sports game.
4	Best wings in the valley, period.  Don't agree with being charged for ranch or blue cheese but eh, not too big a deal.  Service is always solid.  Bartenders friendly.  Regulars although nice can be creepy at times.  They pretty much act as if they own the place.  Overall, I loved the Vine on Apache while attending ASU and I love the Vine in S. Tempe just as much.  The wings are absolutely incredible.
3	Let me start off by saying the food here is great, I've never been unsatisfied with my meal! That being said the reason I give this 3  stars is because of the staff and overall atmosphere. Every time I visit its a hit or miss with the kind of service I'm going to have. I either have a great server who's on top of their game or a terrible server who I see once every 30 minutes. I once waited 45 minutes AFTER I was done with my meal until I saw my waiter returning from out front and was able to flag him down to ask for my check, which I then waited another 15 minutes for. Before that my order had come out wrong and there were all sorts of problems with correcting it. You either get the 5 star treatment where the staff is friendly, in a great mood and does their job well or you walk in and it feels like you're an inconvenience and their "too busy" for you even though there's 6 people total in the place. As I said before the food is great, and I will return to The Vine again, but it's not my favorite place to go.
2	Been a regular here for more than ten years now.  We come by a few times a month usually for lunch or dinner but I also come with friends about once a week for a beer.I don't think of this location as a "dive bar" but more of a neighborhood restaurant.  I frequently see families with young kids dining at this establishment.I used to say the Vine has the BEST french fries.  Lately they haven't been up to par AND they've been holding out.  Portions have decreased.  Most of the items on the menu are pretty good and they have set special every day of the week.What I don't like about the Vine:*They charge for a ramekin of anything extra.  Really?  You have to charge me for buffalo sauce?  I swear it takes longer for them to approach the table, then you got another wait for them to bring the drinks.  I realize part of the fault could be the kitchen but the other delays are exclusively the server.We don't come here to watch the game or just drink a few beers, we come to enjoy a meal and then we our out of there.Wish they had a better selection of beers on tap.Also wish they would put the races (drags) on when they're playing instead of multiple tvs playing assorted ball games.Really, a little improvement with the service would be a welcome upgrade.
4	I love this place. Good drinks, food, and service. The menu has something for everyone. Everything I've eaten here is good and the sour cream and chive fries are amazing!
1	Poor management. 1 server 1 cook on a saturday. Would hate to work here. Upset customers.
3	Ok, I am all about customer service.  And, this place does not have very good customer service.  It is sad that such an attractive, and spacious restaurant/bar with such great happy hour specials would not train their bartenders to acknowledge everyone that takes a seat at the bar.  I walked in, and was greeted by two young men, whom I noticed later were servers.  That was really nice, and I told them that I was heading to the bar.  When I arrived at the bar, it was not very packed, but not slow either.  I sat down, checked my phone, responded to two text messages, and was greeted by two gentlemen to my right before the female bartender even looked my way.  It is as if she had tunnel vision and was oblivious to the new customers who had sat down, including myself.  I finally received a napkin in front of me after almost 8 minutes, while she chatted on her cell phone.  OMG, disturbing!Moving on, she finally asked what I wanted to drink, ok about 11 minutes into the visit (Unacceptable)!!!!!!!!!The guys next to me also commented on how long it took for her to serve me and, from what I found out, them too.  On a positive note, their beer selection is very nice, with pints at $2.79 during happy hour 3-7 I believe.  I tried the Orange Blossom beer on tap, and fell in love.  I then enjoyed one of my new favorites, Four Peaks Amber Ale on tap.  I did not try the food, because I was heading out later in Scottsdale for some food and drinks with friends, but it did look good.After she finished her shift, several attentive male bartenders then took care of my new guy friends and I, and thus, my night ended on a positive note.
3	Damn it... I really wanted to give this place a great review! We were in town for a Cardinal game and wanted some good wings before heading home. Let's just say the food was great, with great prices. Everything was hot and tasty, but the service. The gal that helped us was ok, not too friendly but not rude. The service was terrible. They took forever to take our order, then to bring our food, and even longer to get our bill. If you are not in a rush you should give this place a try...just remember we warned you! If management cared to improve on staffing this place would be perfect.
1	Been here for many years but have seen a recent decline in quality service. Felt scolded by the bartender today at lunch. Felt disrespected as a customer. Service sucks stay away. "bad service = bad review"
1	Not clean. Poor service. Attitudes. Not helpful. Insensitive. Rude. WACK
5	I love this place. Old time dive. This is a place where everyone will know your name! Food is great. Amy, Ben, and Matt are amazing so is the rest of the staff!!! Awesome happy hour deals that can't be beat!!!
4	First time visiting the other day.  Good service, awesome wings and rings, and lots of tv's.  I was on lunch break at work so I couldn't drink or let loose, but overall a good bang for your buck. Didn't receive any attitude when we used a coupon either.
4	always awesome wings and fries!
4	I can't say much for the service since I usually get food to go on the way to work, but the food is delicious. I recommend the mojo burger. Burger with mushrooms, bacon, and swiss cheese, comes with fries. The burgers are always cooked to perfection. I give it four stars because it is really greasy, some people like that, but I could do without.
5	I went there on Tuesday. I had a great vanilla porter for $4.25 -- and the best thing -- it was a giant mug with about 32 ounces. They have that special all day on T, Th. Service was prompt and friendly. Their draft beer selection was OK and at that price that's all I need to get there. Can't review there food or mixed drinks because I didn't have any.
4	First time here and really enjoyed this place.  Very popular obviously from the number of patrons there on a weeknight, the service was great, the food very good, great prices too especially on happy hour drink specials!
4	Okay, Vine. This is place is a pub and serves pub food--there's a problem here:  As I am a vegetarian and I ordered the Gardenburger, it's not really all that fair of me to review a place like this based on what I ate.  If the Gardenburger sucked, it really wouldn't be the fault of the restaurant.  To review a joint like this, you really have to try their meat dishes (most of the menu) and/or their beer.  Since I neither eat meat nor drink alcohol, I can't do that.  The Gardenburger turned out to be better than the one I've had at a lot of places, so at least there's that for what it's worth.So what's left?  Well, the fried zucchini was quite good.  Service was excellent and friendly.  This has apparently been a favorite family restaurant for many years and still holds this distinction.Minuses?  Well, it's noisy, but with all the kids and ASU students present on a Saturday night, that's no surprise.  The plates they give you to hold the food are surprisingly small, but that's about the worst thing I can say about this place.  Overall, I had a very enjoyable time here.  Next time, I'll have another veggie Jo burger with fries, a Diet Coke, maybe an appetizer, and just chill.Fair review or not, I recommend Vine Tavern & Eatery.  I think you would too.
3	Wings are great, have never had a bad meal here. However, service is beyond slow always!
2	I was excited about trying food from this place...but it was a huge letdown for me.  I ordered some food to go and I did not care for it.I ordered 6 bbq boneless wings and 6 traditional wings (medium sauce) with fries.  I also ordered a breaded tenderloin sandwich...which most restaurants don't have around here.  I am from the midwest so it is more popular there.Anyway, the boneless wings were not good at all and they even gave me the wrong bbq sauce.  I have had better frozen wings from a grocery store.  The traditional wings were just average at best.  The fries here were below average.The only highlight of this place was that the food was ready on time and they lady at the bar was nice.
4	Mmm, the Vine! I'm a huge fan of the Rural and Apache location by ASU, but this one is closer to my neighborhood. Great place; chill ambiance, perfect for catching up with your friends over a beer, or even watching just about any game. Friendly service.  Speaking of which, funny that people are griping about ASU students frequenting this location and being out of control . . . Found it to be the complete opposite here. Sounds like y'all are describing the other location! Maybe this is just my experience. Delicious wings, never slimey and always have come out crispy. Best flavors are the Superhot and Spicy Garlic. Thirty two ounce beers for $5 and under and Happy Hour is seven days a week. Thanks for having Leinenkugel Summer Shandy on tap, guys! :)
3	Despite the far from stellar reviews on this place, I went here for dinner and a drink one evening. Not holding much of an expectation I had the wings and the rest of my party had all kinds of things from burgers to the Shepherd's Pie.The service wasn't bad, wasn't stellar. For the venue it was what I expected and nothing less. The food was good. I liked everything on the table. Yet again, it wasn't an adventurous culinary expedition - but it deserves the credit its due. For a Tavern & Eatery it was definitely up to par. It didn't let me down. I can even see myself going back for a shot of my own towards that Shepherd's Pie. Pricewise, yet again it was what was expected. If I have friends coming in from out of town, I probably will not take them here. But if I just want to get some grub and a beverage - yeah, why not.
5	Best traditional hot wings in Phoenix.  Great ranch.  Ask them for crispy if you like them a bit dry.
4	Quite crowded on a Friday during the tail end of the Happy Hour. Lots of big parties and some regular oldies crowding the bar. The happy Hour deals are Ok, but nothing crazy. Two bucks off about five appetizers including their popular wings that everybody swears are the best in the Valley. I did not try them, but my boring date scarfed down almost a dozen and liked them. My $8.99 turkey melt was a good sandwich that included fresh sliced turkey, bacon, cheese and lettuce and tomato with a good honey mustard on the side. The fries needed improvement as they were skinny and not cooked enough. About a buck off on domestic beers and a real friendly bartender made for a good experience at this bar. Prices very reasonable across the board.
4	When ever you mention "the Vine" people auto matically assume you are talking about "the wings".People have told me "the best wings in arizona"  I can tell you they also have a exceptional hamburger. The menu offers all kinds of cheeseburger choices, I would personally suggest the fries as the side dish, but the coleslaw is also good.The place is some what of a "sports bar" with tvs all over, I see a lot of small groups watching different games.What I really like is that the place is large enough that you can always get a booth "away from the noise", LOL. I do notice that it is "family friendly" which I really like. I notice that phoenix metro transport has stops on both the n/s and e/w routes running through the corner.Definitely  would recommend
1	Well I grew up in Tempe and always went to the vine! For starters, they have horrible customer service. You will rarely leave there feeling like the servers, hostess, or bartender went out of their way to make your experience better. You'll notice that the employees are all very fairly young... maybe this has something to do with the poor customer service? They take short cuts all the time! Especially when they are busy. Be careful on your To-go orders! If you get wings they will most likely be dished out to you cold. This has happened to me a few times when I dined in as well. The Vine just has a 'whatever' feel to me. Honestly It's like going to Applebees but with worst service and less selection. Pros: Decent bar food, normal service times, lots of TV's for sports viewingCons: Bad service, Rude staff, the kitchen let's cold food go out, cutting corners, horrible salads
3	The Vine continues to be a local hang-out for a few choice beers, some wings, and a burger. The food is good enough, but the service is incredibly better. I do appreciate that you're listening to your customers. We'll continue to visit here and hope for improvement in all areas - maybe a few more beer choices???
1	Not a good place to go if they are busy.  Poor service and attitudes.  Don't know about the food as it never came.We arrived there at about 6:30 pm on Thursday.  We were told 5 to 10 minute wait, no one ahead of us on the list.  After a 25 minute wait, I approached the host to tell him to take us off the list, we were going to leave.  He said a table just cleared, so we decided to take it.  Walking to the other side of the bar, we found 3 available tables and a booth (I don't understand this), so we took the booth.  It is now 7:00 pm.   The sever came over and within 5 minutes we had our drinks, and placed our orders (two of us).  My Guinness was empty in a couple of minutes and although the server walked by several time, I couldn't catch her attention for another, and she never checked in on us.  Finally, with no service at all, at 8:00 we left our table, I gave the host $5 for the soda and pint of Guinness, and told him we were leaving.  He said he would get our server, but after waiting a total of 90 minutes and only having a single Guinness, I wasn't interested in continuing with the same server.  The place is extremely loud, mostly small tables with lots of people crowding around them.  Parking was very limited and tight.  We live only a block away, but will probably never go back.
1	The service and attitude at this place is so bad, I hate to waste my time on a review.I am a biker, and visit quite a lot of places.  This place rates near the bottom.  I am use to pubs being homey and friendly.  Didn't find it here.  In the survey I stated no waiter service, they were there, but not attentive.  There are better taverns in town...
2	First time here and ordered wings. I usually don't like mine hot (spicy) but when I got them they were cold. Warm in the middle and cold tips. The flavor was good and I could eat them fast but having parts of it half frozen was a big turn off. The waitress was pretty fast at taking our order and delivering our drinks.
5	Where do I start with this place.... I LOVE The Vine!!! It's my neighborhood bar where I can always come for a drink (who am I kidding more like several drinks) and some great wings. The actual place itself is perfectly laid out with multiple flat screen TV's and I love how the bar is the focal point of the whole place. The staff are amazing, Amie and Ben are the best bartenders in Tempe. They make you feel at home and are very personable. The staff for me is what makes the restaurant experience and the folks at The Vine do not disappoint. If you are in the neighborhood and you're looking for a chill and friendly place to have a drink, watch the game, or even kick it with friends The Vine is a prime spot to go to!! Love you guys!!
5	Best wings in town! If you come into the Vine expecting world class service, impeccable decor, and expensive delectable dining, you're going to have a bad time.  If you plan on expecting a dive/sports bar with good prices, great beer, and amazing wings, you're going to have a great time.  That's all there is to it, I have been going to The Vine for probably 8 years and I have visited other establishments along the way here in arizona.  When I want the best wings you can buy, I still come here.
4	Service, it has always been above average, sometimes if you sit on the patio it is a bit slow, but that is understandable.Food, I love the wings, I would venture to say these are my favorite in the valley, I like my wings grilled and they always let me do that.Drinks, the drinks are strong and they have a very good beer selection.Bathrooms, the bathrooms have always been stocked and clean.It's a bar, they get busy, they get a little behind, but the wings and beer selection makes up for that for me.
4	This is the best bar food in the neighborhood and really priced right.  Love Wing Tuesdays!!!
4	Good place to come eat and chat or hangout with friends - since I am a local and come often with my room mates, we are always running into friends and making new ones. Great atmosphere. Upbeat and friendly!
3	Average bar food, but a lot of drink options including full bar and a ton of beers on tap.  Good place to watch sports too.
1	Came here for a quick burger and a beer. We were disappointed. We ordered queso thinking it would be a white dip and it was velveeta cheese. Very unlike a restaurant. Our burgers were decent but very obviously frozen pattys. Service was slow. We won't be back!
5	Go here for wings. One of the best wings places around. Tuesday you get them cheap. Spicy garlic, maple hot and traditional are all great flavors, but you got to get them Bryan style, which is sweet chilli with a side of Frank's sauce.
3	Great happy hours. Asian garlic wings are fantastic!  Great onion rings. I would rate higher but I've only been here for happy hour. They have a full menu but haven't tried it yet
3	Dive sports bar....tons of tvs, wing night on Tuesday nights. Menu has a good selection of items I would try. I would order your wings extra crispy. Plenty of sauce flavors...favorites are the garlic, spicy honey mustard, teriyaki and hot. I would return to watch Football. Great beer selection.
4	Went here on Thursday with 9 friends to celebrate a birthday and watch football. Service was great.  Our server brought out a free shot for the birthday boy. The beers were huge and super cheap for happy hour.  The wings were delicious but small compared to other places.  There were lots of TVs so plenty of different sports games to watch.
4	The vine on Elliot Road is my favorite place to go for Stein night every Thursday night.  Really good wings and burgers.  And ice cold beer
5	I have been visiting this place for 5 years or more!! And still love it!! Can't wait for Thursdays happy hrs!! 3 $ steins, and the basket of fries is always crispy...but my fave... Hot buffalo Chx wings, only flats w extra sauce...love the vine!! Plus they always have awesome service! Everytime we go its awesome!
4	The place has really delicious wings! They have a ton of sauce options and let me be the one that recommends the garlic chili....on point! They have a decent happy hour menu. It's your typical sports bar, a bunch of TV's and young folk/servers. Haven't had any issues thus far and will go back
3	Food=2Service=3For a bar/grill this place is friggin spotless.
4	Oh the Vine. My go-to spot after I play in my co-ed soccer games in Tempe during the week. Nothing like a cold beer after 90-minutes of hard play!First of all, they have the best staff! I may be biased as I have a few friends that work there but nonetheless they treat all their customers with incredible service. If you're going to be sitting up at the bar, ask for Carter or Matt! If you're going to be sitting at a table, go to Margie, Marcus, Jordan, or Casey. They are all fabulous!The Vine is known for their wings...really they were given a nod for best wings which I completely agree with and support. They have great sauce flavors and you can mix and match as you please. Boneless or bone-in, they're delish.The have these tasty yet dangerous little things called the Apple Pie shot which is made at The Vine. I highly recommend trying on or ordering a round for the table because it's something everyone will enjoy. Just be careful not to have too many as they do pack a punch!You can't really go wrong with anything you order on their menu. They have a wide selection of options but a few notables would be the cheese fries, tater tots, nachos, fish tacos...and the list continues. A great spot to bring some friends to watch your favorite sports team play. Since they are in Tempe, they do support ASU, but even this Wildcat can overlook their poor taste in sports teams for their wonderful food and staff! :)
4	Great staff and food. The prices are reasonable. We recommend the wings, burgers and fries. They have great deals as well!
4	So I stopped by this location the other day because the NCAA women's volleyball semifinals were on and I was no where near a TV... after doing some research, I found that the Vine was the closest option to me... I was a little nervous going in and asking for a TV but the guy that helped me was soooo nice and accommodating. I told him about the game and I also said that I didn't care where he put me, I didn't even mind if it was on the small outside patio, because I noticed there were TV's out there too...He was like "Oh no worries" and he put me on the east side of the room at my own TV... I wasn't very hungry or thirsty, but I felt a little obligated to order something because he had gone out of his way. He got me water with lemon and he was very prompt in switching them out when I was done... I ordered the little JO Burger with fries, it was on the happy hour menu... After a while The Vine started to fill with people meeting for dinner, people coming to enjoy a game, and/or people having a drink. I was in my little corner trying not to scream and yell for the semifinal game... Oddly enough, the people around me knew about the game and knew about volleyball... All in all, it was a great experience and I am very grateful for the young man that was extremely accommodating... Thank You!
3	We frequent this bar every couple of months. Fairly clean place, friendly staff and decent bar food. We almost always come for the maple hot wings. One of the best flavored around!  However, they are usually  "tiny" pigeon or Cornish hen sized pieces....but delicious.    Great place to watch a game if you prefer a little quieter group of patrons. Its so nice not to have "that guy" screaming at the TV sitting next to you.
3	Service was very good, food was just ok. Typical bar food. Had chicken wings and they had to be some of the smallest I have ever seen and were a bit overcooked and dried out. The sauces for the wings were very flavorful tho. Good daily specials and happy hour deals,
4	This is your classic neighborhood bar. Love the hamburgers fries wings, and even the salads are really good. Every Thursday they have Stein night, which my family loves and we frequent probably once a month. The price is right the food is good the drinks are cold. They have plenty of TVs for sports so this is A big sports bar.
