3	Let me first rant for a second.  Boy do I hate the term "Asian Cuisine."  What a generic term for what is really many many many different types of food.  Real Chinese food (hell, even Americanized Chinese food) is very different from real Japanese food is very different from real Thai food is very different from real Korean food is very different from real Vietnamese food. . .you get the picture.   To proclaim that your restaurant serves "Asian" food to me says "we serve generic food" since it is difficult to master one of these cuisines let alone all of them.   Furthermore, I'm used to Chinese restaurants with some or all of the following in their name - "Happy", "Joy", "Grand", "Dragon", "Wok", "Inn".  George and Sons sounds more like a deli or a pub or something. Anyway, on a lazy Sunday evening, still a bit burnt from the previous night of partying, my husband and I were looking for some quick, easy, greasy food to fill our bellies that would put us to sleep.   So we picked George and Sons, being that it is so close.  Indeed, the food was all rather generic exactly as I had figured going in.   We ordered take out and the portions were definitely not large enough to warrant the price they charge, and the food can best be described as bland.  The broth in the wonton soup was pretty much straight chicken broth with no flavor and, worse, there was so much spinach in it that the last few sips tasted like the run off when you defrost one of those frozen bricks of spinach from the grocery store.   The spring roll was decent enough but small, and they didn't give us any duck sauce for dipping (is that standard here?).  The steamed chicken and veggies didn't have baby corn or water chestnuts which I thought were standards of this dish.   The beef and broccoli and house chow mein again were pretty bland (hell, the term "chow mein" itself basically means "generic noodle dish").As far as Chinese takeout, George and Sons serves overpriced average food.
4	Four stars for the lunch-time buffet.  My team at lunch likes to eat here for lunch sometimes and I have to say it's pretty great for lunch.  The buffet is much smaller than your typical Chinese buffet place, but everything in it is much higher quality.  The dish with the fried fish is super-duper great.G&S has better-than-average atmosphere for a Chinese restaurant and their wait staff is attentive and fun.  George himself is often there as well.My family has eaten here a few times for dinner as well.  I can't give G&S 4 stars for dinner, but I'd definetly give it 3.5 if I could.  The portions are pretty big, the food is tasty, and the menu has a lot of stuff in it.I'm not sure how authentic G&S is, but I think it's one of the best places for Chinese lunch buffet in this part of Scottsdale.
2	Wow, what happened. Three years ago, when this restaurant opened, the food was fantastic. Today I ordered some take-out..(Annie's Choice). I was very disappointed. Everything was generic and bland, at best. I will probably toss out the left-overs. Yes, the portions were large, but size isn't everything. I make better lettuce wraps at home. And I still can't stop wondering why the "gentleman" at the front desk didn't open the door for me as I struggled out with my large box of food. There were no other customers in the restaurant. Won't be going back. Are there any authentic Chinese restaurants in Scottsdale? Does anyone know what authentic Chinese is? I've seen them only in Seattle and NYC. And, the beef was tough and fattty.
5	My wife and I have enjoyed George's cuisine for nearly five years now.  Although, I have to admit, it's been several months since we've visited them. We frequently order delivery, but haven't done that lately either.  I don't know of any other Asian restaurants that do this. Even if they did, I don't think they could top the quality that I remember, and their mouth-watering menu items.  We've tried several dishes, and everything we've had was 4-5 star. George's is a great restaurant. If I were going to ask for something to be changed, it would be their pot-stickers.  But that is only a personal taste.  I'm sure others find them very tasty.Maybe five stars is touting excess, but I'm sure I'll find out the next time we order from George's.  If it doesn't live up to what I've had there, I'll write another review.  Bonn Appetite!
4	George is a most gracious host and is very proud of his restaurant. I would highly recommend trying most anything on the menu but have had a recent favorite prepared to perfection...Peking Duck!!!It was served as a first course but expertly prepared and cooked. Just the outer layer along with skin are served with the traditional pancakes and plum/hoison sauce. I recommend having the chef prepare duck fried rice with the extra duck meat not served. George also has some excellent soups to try...but try everything. It's worth the trip.Enjoy
5	I love George & Son's.  I used to live just a couple blocks up the street, so we frequented this place.  My favorites are definitely:Sesame Chicken ($9.95) - Excellent sauce.House Fried Rice ($7.95) - With chicken, shrimp, and pork.I highly recommend both of these.I've also had the Pad Thai ($9.95), which is pretty good for the price, with more shrimp than I expected.  And, of course, I have had a number of other dishes as well, which are pretty standard (Americanized) Chinese food.
4	New(er) to town, we had to take a chance on picking a chinese place on a lazy saturday night.  we got the number and menu from the phone book, and yelped it in our usual style to see that it was good news.  we got crab wontons, chicken chow mein, pu pu platters, and sesame chicken.  wantons and chow mein - A + - really good and impressive for to-go Chinese.  the pu pu platter was good, but surprisingly small.  the sesame chicken was just odd, delicious, but odd - with the runny funny sauce being put on the side - this with no explanation from the hostess chick.  no fortune cookies - wtf mate? - had to ask for soy sauce with an order of white rice to get two little packets (sad).  but littler things, in comparison to the well portioned, fresh tasting, yummy as heck Chinese places I've had in a while, does not compare.I'd only mention to watch out for the front hostess/pick up girl - she just seemed overwhelmed and lacked focus; after watching her mess up one order, deliver the guy's who'd order had been messed up the last, mix up two different parties and question our phone number 3 times - we were sure to check our food and ask 3 more times for extra soy sauce.  Sum it - good Chinese food for a good price (15-25 per person) not too far away, and really good as leftovers!!!
5	My wife and I had the wonderful experience to dine at George & Son's in north Scottsdale a couple of evenings ago.  Although in a strip mall, the interior of this restaurant will surprise you by its upscale contemporary look and feel, very pleasant!The staff was attentive, friendly and professional, but not intrusive.  One must understand that they will pretty much customize the dishes to your taste or health desires.  They won't put peanuts in any dish unless you request it.  The degree of spiciness also needs to be addressed if important to you.  We started our meal with Tom Yum Thai soup for two people.  You actually got enough for three bowls and glad I am!  This soup was better than any Tom Yum Thai soup I had eaten in Bangkok (we ate this soup in Thailand 8 or 9 times, the year before last).  The degree of spiciness was perfect, flavors strong and the ingredients plentiful and definitely fresh.  Sorry to go on like this but this soup is my favorite, I even learned to make it in a Thai cooking school while there on vacation.  Next came refreshing Chicken Lettuce Wraps, 4 large crunchy iceberg lettuce leaves, with a side of plum sauce and a plate of the delicious chicken and vegetable filling.  The true gem of the meal followed with one of their specials, Kung Pao 3 Seas.  Over flowing with plump shrimp and delicate scallops, the "kicker" was pieces of Tilapia fried in an unusual and very tasty breading, all immersed in the Kung Pao sauce, crunchy sweet onions and green pepper chunks in a spicy but not burning sauce, peanuts added at our request.  Next came the Firecracker Shrimp that couldn't match up to the fabulous flavor and heat of the Kung Pao dish.  It did have twice as many shrimp as I had expected, and had a fresh taste.  Perhaps if we had this dish on a different evening, without the Kung Pao, it would have been judged differently.  For dessert we were given a free sample of a miniature "egg roll" filled with banana and chocolate, deep fried and covered in powdered sugar.  Then followed the ubiquitous fortune cookies and almond cookies as well.We will return to eventually sample the full menu!
4	Ordered take out from George's a couple days after xmas. I was rather surprised about how tasty it was.-Firecracker Pork = BEST PORK EVER. I've never had such a yummy pork dish from a take out chinese food place. The sauce they put on it is AMAZING. I want it on everything!-Potstickers = these were really fat/full of pork and veggies. Pan fried on one side. I'm more of a thinner, pan fry both side kinda girl, but they were alright.-Crab puffs = I hate cream cheese, so I hated these, but my whole family LOVED them. I gave it a shot and it was sweet too, which I thought was weird. Not down.-Mongolian Beef and snow peas = Finally a place with not bouncy/fatty beef! I never found a weird piece or was upset about the texture of the beef. It was good stuff.-Pork fried rice = nothing special, but it wasn't bad.-Sweet n Sour shrimp (I think it was that..) = normal, wasn't amazed, but really good non the less.Good stuff, pretty good prices. Our total for 9 people was 114 bucks / 13 bucks a person.
3	This cozy restaurant is 100% Scottsdale, with foofy decor & customers putting on more airs than a wind tunnel!  Donovan was softly singing "Wear Your Love like Heaven" over the P.A. as I ventured over to the serving area to get started on the lunch buffet.Wow!  A REAL Chinese soup spoon for a change!  The fancy bowl & saucer of delicious Egg Flour Soup juxtaposed with this lovely instrument were an appropriate compliment to it, as well.  (God, one hour in Scottsdale & I'm starting to talk like them!)So, on to the rest of the 100 food items, right?  Uh, make that 17!  Let me hasten to add, though, that these were classy dishes, including crispy Sesame Chicken, big grilled shrimp, & other tasty treats.In conclusion, it was indubitably good Chinese cuisine, the small selection thereof notwithstanding.  (Sorry...  :-))Lunch Buffet 11:30 (really 12) to 2 every day for $7.95.  Regular menu also available.  Full bar.
3	I've heard pretty good things about George & Sons. Those people don't know what they're talking about. A friend and I went for the buffet. A buffet that was supposed to be of a higher quality. It isn't. It's not bad, just not better. George and Sons buffet is about the same as every other Chinese buffet I've been to except it's small, really small. Not just in number of dishes (which is 12) but in how much of each dish is made. There is little of each dish put out at a time. Initially, I thought this was good. Small batches ensures food will always be fresh, right? However, I didn't try a couple of dishes because there was never any there. The staff would bring out more noodles, one to two people would take a plate, load up and then, all gone. No more noodles. The same went for the Stir-Fry Veggies and the Tempura Veggies. Bummer. Of the dishes I did try, I was most impressed by the Sesame Chicken. It wasn't syrupy like most, it was crispy and very lightly coated in a sweet sauce. It's the best Sesame Chicken I've ever had but that's not a dish I eat outside a buffet setting, traditionally. My favorite part of the Chinese buffet (besides the tapioca pudding, of course) are Pot Stickers. George and Son's are among the worst I've had. The flavor was OK but they were soggy. The wrapper would fall apart when gripped by my chopsticks. Grilling those bad boys, postcooking, would make them much better. The staff was super-attentive and friendly. Points for that. I noticed a bowl of Wonton chips at the bar, provided for "thirstier" patrons, free of cost. Nice touch. Overall, George & Son's isn't bad but it wasn't the quality buffet I was expecting. It's nothing special.
5	My family and I really like this place.  The food is very good, pricing is very reasonable. Way to go George. Nice job welcoming us to your restaurant.
2	UGGGGGH.OK.  First things first: Why the EFF is there a UNI poster adorning the dining room wall here?  As a still bitter, still angry, still crying Jayhawk, I could NOT believe my eyes when I spied this poster.  ARG.Anyway.My mom and I were in Arizona visiting the grandparents for a while.  My aunt and cousin had been out a few weeks prior and they all went to George & Son's.  A good time was had by all, so the gparents figured they'd take us here too.We arrived around 6:00 (lay off, it was grandparent dinner time) and there were maybe 3 other tables in the place.  However,  as soon as we sat down and started perusing the menu, the place got crowded.  Good sign, right?Well, NOT if the subsequent dining experience is what the crowd brought.One girl came up and asked our drink order.  Water only, so easy enough.  Another came up and took our order.  I ordered the "spicy" tofu and vegetables (more on that soon), my mom ordered the spinach fried rice and both grandparents go the Kung Pao beef.Still another girl came out with our food...well.  All the food but mine.  "Your's is coming out, OK?" she said to me.  Yeah, sure, no big deal.  I hung out, sampled my mom's rice (really tasty.  REALLY green.  It was like what the Incredible Hulk would have made for fried rice.), and waited.....aaaaaaaaaand.  Waited.Girl who brought the food back finally caught my eye.  "Oh, fourth dish, coming!"....more waiting.Apparently, they had to kill the tofu back there to get it in my dish.Finally, my god-foresaken dinner arrived.  To their credit, it was really tasty: Fried strips of tofu, a medley of tasty vegetables.  However, this was NOT. SPICY. AT. ALL.  I'm kind of a wimp at spicy food but I'm getting better with it.  This was legit LAUGHABLE.  I wanted a bottle of Sriracha to drown my food in.  Oh!  And rice didn't come with the meals.  WHAT.We finally asked for boxes for the three plates of food we had leftover.  Some guy came out with one small box for it all.  Commence hair ripping out.  We finally got three to-go containers and requested the bill.  You better believe I made sure to spy to see if our 15% off coupon had been added.  It had.  One of the few good things to happen during this trip.Food is tasty enough.  Service is a complete joke.(I noticed the table across from us waited and waited and waited and asked about their food and waited and waited some more.  Then everyone's food arrived, but the (leather-skinned, always on her phone, wouldn't shut up her obnoxious crying kid so I didn't really feel bad for her) mom waited and waited some more for the same dish I ordered.  And then an order of sauteed green beans came about 15 minutes after all their food had arrived.  Ugh.)
5	Thanks once again to ASBA's Leslie Barrett for recommending another excellent restaurant in the Valley. George & Son's doesn't sound like much, but it is. It's the best Chinese inspired restaurant we've been to in the Phoenix Metro area so far. The vegetable dishes, fried rice and especially the Kung Pao 3 Seas - with shrimp, scallops and the most wonderful white fish - were all excellent. The Tom Yum Gum Thai soup was light on lemon grass but strong on Thai basil and so was a thumbs up, too. We enjoyed the friendly service. The only disappointment was the sizzling calamari, which had a little too much fried batter but did have an excellent use of onions and peppers on the dish, and the Singapore Sling that was too sweet for our taste. We've been to the Raffles Hotel in Singapore and so we're a bit spoiled there. Don't let that stop you - sail away to George & Son's and enjoy great Chinese and Asian food with a Tsingtao beer. Highly recommended.
4	Best chinese food in Scottsdale. We used to go to Flo's and Jade's Place all of the time, but after always getting a stomach ache when eating at those places, we tried George & Son's.  We now only go to George & Son's and probably get take or or eat there once a week.  They use fresh ingredients and the food is not greasy like the other places.
4	I'm from the East coast, so living in Arizona feels like living in the land that Chinese food forgot. George and Son's offers the closest thing to "Chinese" food that I have found in Arizona (yes I know this isn't real Chinese cuisine, just look at my picture). PF Changs is not Chinese food, and that is the best I have eaten before I came here. All the other Chinese food that I have found is full of MSG, and makes me sick.The restaurant is cozy and relaxing, and the staff is very attentive. The sesame chicken is very good. I recommend asking for firecracker chicken. It is not on the menu, just ask for the firecracker pork, but with chicken. It has the right kick to it. I would NOT recommend the orange peal chicken. After eating 1/2 of my plate, I wan't to swear off anything orange for a month. I guess I needed something less sweet with a more varying taste. Last time I went in, I had the three amigos, which was very good. This is shrimp, chicken, and beef in a brown sauce, poured over a hot skillet plate at your table. I would recommend any of the three I mentioned.
5	Wow, this place takes first place in Chinese food in North Scottsdale... the food is great.
5	Finding a good Chinese restaurant is hard to do, but George and Son's is perfect.  They have great food, great service, friendly staff, etc.  If you are going for lunch, they have a buffet where you can try everything they have.  If you are going for dinner, they have a wonderful sitdown atmosphere.  Most of the time, I get my food to go.  Their egg drop soup is great and is garnished with fresh spinich leaves.  Their crab rangoon has real crab in it.  Their house fried rice is filled with meat.  The Chef's Special Noodles is really good.  It has very thin noodles with meats and veggies in it.  The spicy pork is good.  I have not had anything there that I don't like.  You will be very happy going there.
4	I'm always a little skeptical when I walk into a "authentic" asian cuisine restaurant and there are only caucasian patrons (I guess there are chinese waiters/cooks). I was actually very surprised at how good the food is. It's definitely a little more pricey for the entrees, but the lunch specials are great. You get a choice of an entree (seafood does not cost extra), with soup/salad (not when you get take out), spring roll, crab puff, and steamed rice for only $6.95! You can sub for fried rice for an extra dollar, which I prefer because I'm not a fan of steamed rice. There's also a buffet for lunch for $7 and they have a large selection (12 entrees, soup, salad and some appetizers). The service was really good and the place is pretty homey. It definitely doesn't look like a hole in the wall, but it tastes as good as mom and pop shops. They also don't use MSG, which I like bc that stuff usually gives me a stomach ache. I ordered the shrimp roll, chicken salad, and honey walnut shrimp and schezwaun green beans lunch special for over $20. I had a 15% off coupon which I got off their website so it saved a few bucks and paid for my fried rice substitution =)
3	A friend of mine and I decide to stop in for some take out. It was a Friday night and man was this place jumping. Lots of couples were dancing it up and listening to the Elvis impersonator. Too funny but everyone really seemed to be enjoying themselves and having a good time. George was out and about talking to everyone and his customers seemed to be regulars as everyone really seemed to know everyone in this place. Anywho, my friend and I had decided that we were going to order what is is called the Annie special in which you get a soup, two appetizers and two entrees. Plus all the entrees come with vegetable fried rice. We had asked if we could pay extra and have the house fried rice instead of the vegetable and we were told emphatically NO SUBSTITUTIONS! I was like ok, we had no problem paying extra, it wasn't that serious. My friend could tell I was pissed due to the look on my face. I was like wow really? Did that just happen? Anyway, we ordered shrimp with honey glazed walnuts, house fried rice and Kung Pao 3 seas. Let me just say that the food was very good. I mean VERY VERY good. The house fried rice had tons of shrimp, chicken and pork. The shrimp with honey glazed walnuts were divine and the Kung Pao 3 Seas was nice and spicy with tons of scallops, shrimp and fish. So why only three stars? When someone says NO SUBSTITUTIONS the way that this person did, it kinda leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Will I drive all the way back out here again? Maybe but I know now to never, ever, EVER ,EVER ask to switch out one item for another and even offer to pay extra because it will NOT happen.
4	Tonight I dined at George & Son's Asian Cuisine for the first time. I looked up their menu online, which was convenient, but the menu at the restaurant was much larger. My husband and I decided on two chicken dishes: teriyaki and orange. When the waitress took our order, she told me that it was not a good choice because both have a sweet sauce. She told me I should order a beef dish or a noodle dish instead. She was quite stern about this, and I was a bit taken back, so I ordered the Festival chicken instead. I realized as I waited for my food that I had no clue as to what I had ordered. Lucky for them, it was actually pretty good. The "breaded" chicken is really a battered/deep fried chicken, but it is crispy. And the teryaki was not too salty. Overall, the meal was a success. George made his rounds to the tables, and boxed up the remainder of our meal for us himself. He even offered to fill our takeout box with more rice from the back. I found him much more enjoyable than our waitress. Bottom line: I will most likely come back. Next time, though, I am getting the orange chicken.
4	I've gotten delivery from George and Son's before, but we dined in the other night and as usual, it did not disappoint.  Food was really good, as was the service. Once they got a little busy the staff seemed a little overwhelmed but still good service overall.  Great neighborhood Chinese place:  check it out!
5	The best in town! Flo's is closer to home and is not bad BUT George and Son is way worth the extra drive. The food is the most important thing in a restaurant to me and George and Son has simply the best Chinese food I have ever had. The bonus is the service. Always friendly and fast. George himself is usually there and he has a way of making everyone feel special like a VIP. Now they also have entertainment on Fridays and Saturdays its a blast
5	Not only is George and Son's super tasty, but George himself is one of the funniest nicest guys you will meet! My company has hosted the annual Christmas luncheon at Georges two years in a row now, and there is a good reason why, The food is ALWAYS spot on and the service is always above and beyond! My boss always orders ahead of time and it seems like coarse after coarse comes out from the kitchen. Some of the highlights that stick out in my head, The Shrimp with glazed walnuts, the noodles w/chicken, and the pot stickers. We had about 8 different dishes and I cant pretend to remember them all. One note of warning. George likes to mess with people. My boss had duck sent to the table, George set the plate in front of me with the ducks fried head just staring back at me! Eeeep! hahah If you are up in this neck of the woods go drop by!
5	So who's the jackhole that didn't mention this place is a high falootin' date night type of joint? Maybe I just didn't read the reviews real well.Service was impeccable. Water and tea always filled to capacity.After getting past the language barrier ordering dinner, our food literally flew out. Bob with the orange chicken. Myself with the suns chicken low carb style with extra jalapeno.bob says his was excellent. Mine was very good. Asked for some chili paste and even it didn't quite bring it up to my heat level.I guess a lunch buffet is served? I'd like to try that I bet its excellent.then an almond cookie? my cryptonite.
5	85 Miles round trip. Ughhhhh, this is what we drive to get to George & Sons, yes it is that good!  Several years ago we were treated to take out at a friends house and as it turns out she picked up dinner from George & Sons and we have been hooked ever since.  Stand outs for us is the Sizzling Rice soup, Shrimp spring rolls filled with nothing but Shrimp, Thai Basil Chicken and the Honey Walnut Shrimp.  Everything tastes fresh and as it should be.  The service is top notch and it the mood strikes him, even George himself might stop by to say hello.
4	Very interesting sweet and sour had kind of a spice to it but good. The pork itself wasn't my favorite but it was good. The rice was very sticky. Unfortunately I had to get it to go so  I missed out on a lot that the great food specials have to offer. But I would def go again.
3	We ordered take out from this place the other night. They were very friendly over the phone when we changed our order a few times, and they even offered to deliver even though it was out of their area.The food was good, although it was a bit expensive. We did get quite a bit for our money though. All in all, we would dine here again, but our favorite is still Joyful Chinese!
5	The sizzling rice soup is amazing...the Mongolian beef was probably the best we've ever had and that's saying a lot! We will be back.
4	Although not authentic, George & Son's has pretty good Chinese food.We went there for the lunch buffet today and the food quality was a notch above the typical Chinese buffet. There were about a dozen dishes, ranging from egg drop soup to sesame chicken to fried fish to Mongolian beef. They seem to know what buffet eaters want as there wasn't much veggies in the dishes.Service was polite and prompt and empty dishes were cleared away quickly.They did raise the price of the lunch buffet from what the previous reviewers mentioned, but it's still a good value.
3	We made the drive up there from Tempe based on the excellent reviews.  The food and service was fine, but in our opinion not necessarily worth the drive.  My wife had a yummy shrimp dish and I had the thai style chicken it was just okayish.
4	Love, Love, Love George and Son's. I used to live near this restaurant, but moved and kinda forgot how good it is. In the past couple years we've been making our way to George and Son's frequently and can confirm that it is better than ever. I've really never had a bad meal here and I've tried a lot of their menu items. I mostly stick to either a chicken dish or the mongolian beef, but have liked everything else I've had.  In particular I like the general yangs chicken and the mu shu pork. The service is pretty good, there are some language barriers and abruptness at times, but it doesn't prevent me from having a wonderful Chinese meal. I would definitely suggest George and Son's over Flo's, which years ago would have been my top choice. So, what I am trying to say is go. The food is good and reasonably priced. It's not the best place you will go to ever, but it's solid and consistently good.  Plus they give you a fortune cookie AND almond cookie... who could resist that???
4	I ate here for the first time last week based on a recommendation from a teller at the nearby Wells Fargo. Always good to ask people who work nearby where they like to eat.The restaurant is stylish and tidy with welcoming staff.  They have a lunch buffet, which we didn't bother with as we were eating lunch late. The waitress was in the middle if taking our order when another gal came over and insisted I change my salad order to the House Salad that isn't on the menu. I'm always suspicious of this, it happens a lot at Asian restaurants and I often feel obligated to go along with the recommendation. She was rather insistent, so I gave in. What can I say?  I'm a middle child so I dont like to let anyone down.  Well, for once I wasn't sorry, as this often goes quite terribly wrong. Here's our whole order:Crab Puffs, as expected but the sauce was nicer than the horrible orange stuff you usually get. House Salad, lovely chopped salad with a mildly tangy sauce and crunch cabbage and almonds (no meat)Thai Shrimp Salad, spicy with big shrimp. Everything was wonderful.  They actually gave us an extra dish after my aunt said how she likes things really spicy. It was a spicy chicken dish that was also delicious. I'll definitely be back to this restaurant, although it's nowhere near my house in Mesa, but luckily my aunt lives close by!
5	Wow! This is one of the best Chinese food places in all of Scottsdale. I have always loved Flo's (on Frank Lloyd Wright), but this might have trumped it. The "house special salad" is freaking incredible, the shrimp spring rolls are packed full of shrimp, the egg drop soup is the best I've ever had (loaded with veggies), and the shrimp fried rice is as good as Flo's. The couple across from us was having Kung Pao beef and string beans, I will be having that next visit. George himself thanked us for coming.This is a must try if you live in Scottsdale - they also deliver!
4	George's is a Chinese place with a friendly environment and very nice, attentive waitstaff. At least 4 different servers came to refill drinks, clear our table, ask how we liked our meal, etc. They gave us a sample salad to try, and even offered another sample plate but we had so much food coming, we said no thanks. We got the Hot and Sour Soup for 2, which was perfectly spicy and loaded with tofu, chicken, and shrimp. We both had an entree and split fried rice, and had tons of food left over. Their website has a 15% off coupon which we used, and they were even kind about that, too! If you check in on Yelp you get another 15% coupon to use.Probably not the absolute best Chinese you'll ever have, but by far some of the best customer service at a restaurant that I've ever seen.
5	I can't believe it has taken us this long to find this hidden gem of a restaurant! We were made to feel like part of the family by the servers and George and his wonderful family. Every item we tried was prepared perfectly, bursting with flavor and piping hot. The Thai Basil Chicken is a must along with the Kung Pao 3 Seas. I can't enough great things about this place!
2	I hate the place, but my Wife loves it.We BOTH love FLO'S, about 1 mile to the North.For some reason, entree's are poorer, with carryout.Avoid ordering any of the Soups ...... their pretty poor.
5	Just in my opinion the best Chinese in AZ hands down. I dream of this place.
4	OK...I've gotta give it up for G&S.  I finally tried it after I had heard from a few reliable sources that it was the place.  They were sure right.  But before you plan your Saturday night around the place I've gotta be clear that the atmosphere isnt going to blow you away when you walk in the door.  It sits in a strip mall between a pool supply store and a Blockbuster and there isnt any of that fancy new Zen asian stuff going on.  Well...at least not well done.  There are a few tacky fountains and some circa 1985 booths and chairs...but that's not what you're going to be going there for anyway.So we sit down and and inquire about a Happy Hour.  I guess that they dont do that anymore.  OK.  So our first 5 minutes made us think that maybe we should have done Flo's instead despite the fact that we wanted to finally give this place a try.So I ordered the Chef Special Noodles as well as the citrus chicken thinking that we've gotta go for the specialties if were going to give this place a one time shot.  Two minutes later our waitress tells me that they are out of the noodles so I am already doubting the recommendation.  So I ordered the beef noodles (chow fun) and sat back and waited.5 minutes later the food comes out.  That was when I figured out why I had heard such magnificent things about George and Sons.  Wow!  The food was amazing!  The portions were wonderful and despite the fact that it tasted so fantastic I still have leftovers for tomorrow (or maybe when I am done with this review tonight!).  Just wonderful!It was so fresh and so unique in flavor.  You could tell that their "citrus sauce" was the real deal.  It was created there by a cooking genius.  The chow fun was fantastic and although the service was simple...it was wonderful.  No attitude, no ego and very little trendy atmosphere.  Just awesome food in a low key environment.  I will be back!  Oh yeah....I will be back!
4	This is quite a find. Excellent food. Good prices, and a very comfortable, family-friendly atmosphere. Try the amazing spinach fired rice and the chicken teriyaki (which is made with dark meat!). I strongly recommend it.
5	Love their food and service! Never had an empty glass, server always made sure we were happy. Recommend  the Shrimp with honey glazed walnuts and the Mongolian beef which is our favorite! This last visit we tried the Sesame Chicken that a friend recommended and that was great! The fact that George actually comes around and thanks you for coming in and has occasionally sat down with us and given a complimentary desert which was a warm crispy roll with bananas and chocolate  with powdered sugar on them tops off our wonderful evening . We will be back!
1	I just finished my G & S meal that I ordered to-go; actually, I just finished throwing it out. It was HORRIBLE. And by horrible, I mean shamefully bad. And by shamefully bad, I mean, heinous! I had a very disappointing experience here about a year ago but I thought I would give it another try. I should have proceeded with caution when I asked the long-term employees at the neighboring Blockbuster what was good and to the person, they all stammered and failed to reply. Seriously, zero out of four could give me one "great" dish! I've lived in both Mpls & Chicago and my Ex used to travel the Orient and we were always surprised at how POOR the quality of Asian food was in this area and WHY the people here, seemed to like it!? It's absolutely baffling!I had the Orange Beef & Spring Rolls. The Orange Beef looked scarey right in the container. But when i ate it - UGH! The texture was all off and the sauce..... it had these big, clear, GELATINOUS, ..... ugh ugh ugh! I can't even talk about it. Like biting into a ball of corn-starchy orange extract! I'm still sick from those few bites! [Truly.] And while I ordered vegetable spring rolls, I got what tasted like low-quality hamburger meat! In fact I finally identified the flavor and texture as: SAUSAGE! It was like an Asian Spring Roll with chunks of Italian Sausage inside!! How's that for a combo? Ugh...... [stomach turning]I'm sorry, I'm a Single Parent and I'm usually grateful to have someone cook for me. Grateful even when i am paying. But during "tough times" when i actually "treat" myself and then plunk down $20(!!) for unedible... yuck - it's totally, TOTALLY unacceptable! Shame on you, George, for offering such little quality control and not aspiring to a higher standard overall. No wonder the place was (not) hopping on a Saturday night!Simply one of the worst meals EVER.
1	We were greeted in a friendly manner and promptly seated. Water and menus immediately---went downhill in a hurry.  Waited twenty minutes for the appetizers---my husband's arrived, but mine did not. Waited more-- complained-- was offered a glass of wine. I don't want to be placated with alcohol and excuses about the kitchen. I would like service. My appetizer finally  arrived. Waited another twenty minutes for dinner-- same thing. His arrived; mine wasn't served for another ten minutes. Cold and mediocre. THEN we were charged for a bottle of wine when  the only beverage ordered was one glass of wine.Who needs this with so many good Chinese restaurants in Scottsdale??????Never again!
2	I really wanted to like this place. With good experiences at other Chinese restaurants in the area (Flo's, Ling & Louie's, etc), mostly positive Yelp reviews, and a vote of confidence from a friend of mine, I was eager to try out George and Son's.  Unfortunately, the expectation didn't meet up with reality.I called ahead and made a reservation, which seemed to be a good idea, even though we were going early on a Thursday evening.  It turned out to be a smart move, as there were several groups waiting for seats when we walked in.  We were quickly seated, given menus and water, and then left to peruse the food selections.  For twenty minutes.Now, I don't mind being given a little extra time to look over the offerings at a new place, but when I've been able to review everything twice, pick out the different font choices, and play "find the typo" on the menu, it's been too long.  When our waitress finally came by, she spoke to us with an almost-indecipherable accent, which made it difficult for us to figure out what she was saying about the food, kitchen, or what have you.  What I was able to interpret was that if I wanted to get a (as in one) veggie spring roll as an appetizer, it would take twenty minutes.  Exactly why it would take twenty minutes, I don't know, but that did seem a little absurd.  We ordered our entrees (citrus chicken for my friend, chicken chow mein for me) and a pot of tea.  When the tea came, the waitress gave some kind of warning, which we later determined was along the lines of, "we just put the bag in, this will have to steep for a few minutes."  After about 15 minutes of steeping, it was still very weak.The portions on the food were generous; I definitely had enough left over to make a good-sized lunch the next day.  When I try a new restaurant, I pick a dish that I can get at almost any restaurant of that type (eggplant parmesan at Italian places, pastrami on rye at delis, and so on), since it's usually a good litmus test for the restaurant itself.  If they can handle the basic, less adventurous fare, that   And while the chicken chow mein was decent, it reminded me of chow mein that I'd had at AA Wok on 32nd Street, where it costs less than half as much.  For the price, location, and reputation, I expected more.  Also, the brown rice I ordered on the side came with a $2 surcharge, something that I didn't see on the menu.Overall, George and Son's was serviceable, if not remarkable food.  But the overall experience and price have all but ensured that I won't be coming back, especially with the other options available in the area.  Also, my friend got a fortune-less fortune cookie.  I'm pretty sure that's a metaphor for this place.
3	**********This Time We Didn't  Do Carry-Out*********Definitely better ......... when you eat there.This place is like Pei Wei ........VERY LARGE chunks of meat.Vegatables ...... NEVER.......Just like Pei Wei........their priceless.WARNING:Hot Tea is available for $2.00*********Brown Rice instead of White ......... ALSO $2.00*********The Soups are TERRIBLE.
3	It's possible that George & Son's has slipped lately, but from my experience three stars is generous.  They were still moderately busy on a Thursday evening, but that won't last if their food quality doesn't improve over what my wife and I were served.  Take, for example, that Chinese staple Crab and Scallop bake (appetiser).  I wondered how they would give a Chinese touch to a dish like that and I found out -- they didn't.  I couldn't find any crab, just small bay scallops, maybe a bit of cheese and bread crumbs, and tons of salt, in a filling that might have been mayonaise.  It did have one unusual ingredient however -- sand ... lots of sand!  To the cook: please rinse well before using.Portions were generous and prices were typical of neighborhood Chinese restaraunts ($10-$13 for an entree).  They appear to use good ingredients but cook them indifferently.  For example, the Orange Chicken used nice size chunks of white meat chicken, but they were fried in a crust that charitably could be called undistinguished (flour and baking powder?).  The orange sauce was mild, almost tasteless, with no hint of acidity.  The Sizzling Pepper Beef had some nice tender pieces of beef and some that were very chewy.  The salt was evident but the pepper less so.Service was very spotty -- the appetizers took 20 minutes to come out, but the main courses were right on their heels.  It was friendly, however.Bottom line: this is just a neighborhood Chinese restaurant, not terrible but not particularly good either.
3	Ordered takeout as this place is in the neighborhood.  Ordered house chow fun and the hot and sour soup.  The soup was AMAZING!!  Best I've ever had.  In the future I will go back and just have the soup.  It was full of flavor, and had shrimp in in.  I've never had hot and sour soup with shrimp, but let me say, I loved it!  The house chow fun was a different story . It had mostly chicken in it with mixed vegetables, but the chicken was rubbery and fatty.  Very gross!!!  The noodles were all clumped together and some of them were crunchy.  There was some sort of spice in the sauce that was very offputting as well.  If I had not ordered the soup, I'd never eat there again.  Maybe next time I'll try a shrimp dish, that's harder to mess up! The portion was very large.  Enough to share with another person and have left overs!
3	not the real deal, but it works for Scottsdale
4	If you're looking for understated Chinese food without the lowest-common-denominator food of a corporate chain, George & Sons is where it's at in Scottsdale. Pretty much everything they offer is great, and their pot stickers and chicken friend rice are our "Must Order" list whenever we go. They consistently offer either an online coupon or Yelp check-in deal, so be sure to come prepared. Be sure to get to know George--yes, that George--because he's a hoot.
4	I have recently discovered George and Son..very nice contemporary Chinese cuisine. The classics taste great..the hot and sour soup is both original and memorable. The service has been very efficient and George is a funny presence who clearly loves his business and takes care of his customers. It's been worth the drive and I'll definitely return!
2	We were excited when we found that we could add George and Sons to our delivery list.  The food is good, not great, but it was a great option on lazy nights.  Tonight when the food was delivered it seemed like the price was a bit high.  There wasn't an itemized receipt attached to the credit card slip so I said to the delivery guy this seems high.  He gave no explanation so I tipped as usual.  Well turns out that there is a $4 delivery charge so this guy made a pretty big tip for driving down the street. I have no problem with delivery charges because there are some crappy tippers out there; I just hate having extra charges slipped onto my bill with no explanation. This will probably be the last time we order.
5	I first found out about George & Sons when they catered lunch at my place of work a couple years ago (I later came to find out that it was George himself dishing out the food, which I thought was a nice touch). After spending a long time on my to-try list, I finally decided to pay the restaurant a visit just a few months ago. I have gone back a number of times and it might be my favorite Chinese food place in the area. Some of my favorite dishes are Dragon & Phoenix, Thai Basil Chicken, Crispy Spicy Pork, and Pepper Beef. The only dish I've had that I wasn't crazy about was George's Bird Nest. It's never been very busy when I've gone, so the wait staff has been very attentive. In fact, on either my first or second time there, the waitress brought out another dish on-the-house after we finished our meals. Apparently, it was a new entree or appetizer they were testing out. Every time I go back, I check to see if it's been added to the menu, and in fact the first time I ordered the crispy spicy pork that's what I thought I was getting (it was deep-fried, spicy pork bites -- delicious, but not cooked in sauce like the entree currently on the menu which is great in its own right). Hopefully one day that dish makes its way onto the menu, though. Also on the topic of service, the last time I visited, George spent most of the time we were there fraternizing with a large party of elderly people, pouring drinks for them, etc. It was nice to see that level of service. I'm surprised by the number of poor reviews that are on here, but it appears those customers ordered dishes I've yet to try, so I guess I've just been lucky to choose the right meals. Overall, great food at an affordable price with a welcoming atmosphere.
1	My wife and I live around the corner, hadn't eaten here in a few months. We got food for take out, Mongolian beef,kung po chicken,pad Thai noodles.  Mongolian beef, there were more white onions then scallions and it was very bland. Kung po chicken,lots of white meat chicken the whole dish only had one peanut and the taste of this dish was non existent. Very very Blah... Pad Thai noodles,the dish was dry and came out of the container in one giant clump. It tasted like plain noodles, i was glad I had peanut sauce in the fridge to,add to it. Then it was edible .... We will not be going back to G@S.. Very disappointed !!!! From now on it will be Jade palace on 92nd street. For take out Asian !!!!  Do yourself a favor go elsewhere !!!!
5	I've been regularly eating at George & Son's for years now. I'd say I'm knowledgeable about their food, and let me tell you, it's pretty damn amazing. The staff is friendly (although a few of them are difficult to understand), and although the place is frequently packed, the service is still pretty good.Some of the best dishes here are the General Yang's Chicken with the green beans and white rice and, of course, the all-inclusive lunchtime buffet. Also, if you order an appetizer, Do Not pass up the Pu Pu Platter.
4	I recently moved to the Valley and was excited to spend my first Christmas with friends and flip flops. For lunch, we went to Jasmine Tokyo. It. Was. Awesome! They had a wide range of sushi and a nice selection on the buffet. It was overpriced, but it was Christmas. We left there to meet our friend Jim for snacks and cocktails. He wanted to do an "early dinner".He made reservations here. Good thing... Place was packed! I guess all Asian places were packed on Christmas. We weren't hungry, but had a few beers and ordered a few items on the limited menu. I read on Foursquare the chow mein was good. It comes with chicken, shrimp, and pork. The chicken was the highlight of the dish. VERY impressed with the flavor and the price point was average. Oh, and we ordered some spring rolls. The mustard is HOT. You've been warned. We had a great time, and the service was great. Before you leave, head over to the bar and ask. It's not that bad. (You'll know what I mean.) I would highly recommend this place to friends and family!
3	Service was wonderful.  Phad Thai not that great.
1	Just not impressed. Low quality ingredients in my opinion. Rubbery chicken and beef, high prices for the quality. Have been here twice, and there will be no third visit. Sorry George, but you need to improve your food quality.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Had lunch here today, joined by George M., Norm R., Arlin B., Robyn N., & Mike C.  Now this buffet is small, featuring just 18 items all together, but makes up for it by the food being TERRIFIC!  From the Egg Flower Soup to start with, to the finely chopped tossed salad & on to the various hot dishes, every bite of it was a treat.  Not only that, the restaurant itself is charming & comfortable.Adding in the good table service we received, & this whole excellent dining experience costing only $8.95, it's an easy 5 Stars this time for George & Sons!     :-))
5	Today I had one of my best dining experiences in the Valley, and it was a lunch buffet - and this is what the review is for; the establishment is mainly a full-service restaurant. Of course it helped that I was with delightful company - fellow yelpers Rand, Mike, Robyn, Arlin, and Georgie. It also helped that the restaurant has a cozy atmosphere, very friendly service, and a pleasant contemporary vibe. But it was the food that totally blew me way - it was so good! There were not as many items as you would see in a super buffet, and this restaurant is not trying to be one. But every item that they do serve is cooked to tasty perfection - the succulent slices of beef, the crisp stir-fried vegetables, the crunchy spring rolls and onion rings, the awesome egg flower tofu soup, the best fish fillets I've  ever had ... everything was superb! I'm normally pretty good at portion control when dining out, but that went out the window this time around. It was so worth the long drive from my area in northwest Phoenix. Thanks, Rand, for introducing me to this stellar place!
4	Had lunch here with Arlin B.George M.Robyn N.Norm R and Rand H. Well for a small Chinese buffet (17 items) it was a pretty good buffet almost everything I ate was above average except the honey chicken was to sticky and the fish was ok but on the plain side.My only gripe was the only dessert offered was an almond cookie and that cost them the fifth star..But yes this is a good chinese buffet and I look forward to a return visit.
4	George & Son's has one of the best Buffets in the Valley!A group of us came here for the Lunch Buffet last Thursday.  Our merry Yelp'ers included our ring leader Rand H, along with Robyn N, Mike C, Norm R and Arlin B.  For some reason, I thought the place opened at 11 am (it's 11;30) and arrived early.  On the plus side, it afforded me the opportunity of watching as they setup.  It was impressive.One of the weaknesses of the buffet concept is the inability of keeping food hot and fresh.  Chinese food, particularly Schezuan which has thicker sauces lends itself well to this steam-warming method.  WHAT MAKES GEORGE & SON'S SPECIAL? It is their method of preparing and putting out a only small amount of food at one time.  Though they have a setup for eight dishes, which is always in use. They are constantly rotating the food items, as the Cook prepares more.   Look at the photos and you'll see the smaller, more manageable size.  Given the nearly dozen or so dinners, in addition to our group, nothing was left for very long anyway.I started with the tossed salad, with a light ranch dressing.  Next, I tried the Tofu Vegetable Soup(photo) which was outstanding and delicious.  The flavor was subtle and I left wanting to order some for later.  Next to the buffet, they had some deep fried onion rings, mushroom, and other veggies in a beer, rather than tempura batter. It too had a nice flavor.As for the entrees, I found the Sauteed Shrimp and Onions(photo), and the Honey Chicken(photo) that stuck to the top of my mouth the best. As you took the Honey Chicken, you could see the silk thread like strands of honey attached to the serving tongs.  You cannot get anything fresher than that!  But, everything they made was very good.The bill came to $9.75 before tip, but including taxes.  As I mentioned in my Yelp Tip, if you come here and check-in, you will get 15% off your next meal.  A nice incentive.  The restaurant came close to Five Stars.  But in the end, I felt the Four Star, "Yay! I'm a fan" was more on the mark.  Keep in mind, the Lunch Buffet starts at 11:30, Monday through Friday!Enjoy!
4	I love the food.  I love the ambience.  I love George.  I love the prices.  I don't like waiting so long to get my meal.  10 min to order and another 30 minutes for the food to arrive.  40 to 45 minutes from being seated to eating is too long.
5	I had a great experience at George and Son's this Saturday. As i entered the room, live music was playing. Everyone in the restaurant seemed to enjoy themselves as they ate their food and listened to the music. The hostess seated us at a booth and immediately, the waitress came to ask us for our drinks. The waitress gave us some great recommendations on the menu. She suggested we try the Honey Shrimp Walnut, Kung Pao Chicken, Chicken Lettuce Wrap, and House Fried Rice. The dishes came out after 15 minutes and the service great! We end up eating all our food because it was so delicious. I have tried different Chinese restaurants throughout Phoenix over these four years and I think their food quality is better than Flo's and PF Changs. I would definitely come back again in the future.
5	We've been coming to George and Sons for about 10 years and have never been disappointed. It's a family business, and the staff is always very friendly and attentive.  The atmosphere is extremely nice inside.  The most important thing, of course, is the food.  I've been stuck on their Honey Walnut Shrimp for years....amazing!...and the Pepper Beef, MuShu Pork, Lettuce Wraps...all delicious.  Do not skip the Pu Pu Platter (presented with a small flaming tabletop hibachi) or the yummy Spring Rolls. My husband and son have also enjoyed the lunch buffet from time to time, and for $6.95- I think- it's one of the best values in town.The last time we were in, there was a little combo playing (sixties oldies mostly) and everyone in the house and bar were having a great time.I hope George and Sons will always be here!
5	Best Chinese I've found in the Scottsdale area!
5	Where do I even begin on George and Son's. I guess I can start by saying, the only reason I would chose another nearby Asian restaurant over George's is because I am having a really bad hair day or feeling anti-social. Everyone in this place knows your name, your story, and will stop to say hello and ask you how your mom and dad are doing - zero exaggeration. Amazing food, friendly service, the kind of neighborhood feel you'd expect more of a sports bar over fine Asian dining. Favorites: Gramma's Salad (trust me on this one, and get it with chicken). Shrimp with honey glazed walnuts. Potstickers. Crab Puffs. Cantonese chow mein (though sometimes we go light ginger on this dish). Ma Po Tofu. Szechwan string beans. I could go on.. but I think that's sufficient. They do deliver, and takeout, and have a full bar. and how could I forget - buffet. Last weekend, I wanted George's buffet so badly I made a CAPSLOCK style shouting facebook status in attempts to recruit just one innocent bystander to accompany me to the feast to end all feasts.. and I couldn't find a soul to go with me. Made me really wonder if i needed to get some new friends. Where my foodies at!?
4	The entire staff was friendly, prompt, and efficient. My water glass was always full. Recommend the shrimp fried rice. It was delicious and my preteen son chowed it down. Would definitely return.
2	What an awful, awful experience with take out from here.  They lost the order.  After having me wait for 35  minutes, it was "found" and ice cold.  I have no idea of why I was stupid enough to just walk out.Never, ever going back.
5	The Kung Pao Beef melts in your mouth!!  And George and the staff are friendly and super courteous. Can't wait for the Happy Valley location to open.
4	Best Chinese food I have had in Arizona that is not dim sum.   This newly opened George & Son Chinese & Asian Cuisine Restaurant is next to the AMC Deer Valley movie theater, and they already have another restaurant by the same name in Scottsdale (same recipes).  I came here for lunch and tried their Mongolian Beef ($7.95) and Shrimp with Walnuts (Honey Walnut Shrimp) ($8.95) lunch platters.  It comes with salad, crab puff, vegetable roll, lo mein and steam rice.  Although their salad tasted warm (should be served colder), everything else tasted great with flavors that jumps out at you!  Beef was tender with lots of flavors from the sauce and scallions, and honey walnut shrimp was breaded well with yummy sauce and fresh walnuts.  Good portion size too.  They have typical Chinese dishes such as Egg Foo Young, Fried Rice (6 varieties), Moo Shu Pork, Ma Po Tofu, but also items such as Hong Kong Style Ribs, Pad Thai, and Salt & Pepper Shrimp.  Hosts and waitresses are all very friendly (even seems over friendly), and asks for your feedback on their food.  It looks like they have a full bar, modern decor, and clean.  If everyone is giving Shangri-La 4 stars, then this place truly deserves 6 stars!  However I know good Chinese food, so I am giving this place 4.5 stars for being the best Chinese restaurant I know in AZ.  I would highly recommend going here for lunch and try their lunch combinations, but dinner too ($10+/dish) if you have people to share dishes with.  More reviews to come!  This restaurant's address is: 3049 W Agua Fria Fwy Phoenix, AZ 85027 next to the movie theater (for some reason Yelp is not allowing me to update this address)
5	I'm Chinese and you must be able to "taste the wok" for it to be considered good. Its equivalent to tasting the grill on barbeque. This place does it right. And you get nice decor and pleasant service while you're at it.
4	I was on my lunch break and intended to go to Panda Express, but then I saw the "Grand Opening" sign for George & Son practically next door. I went in to take a look at the menu, and upon seeing their reasonable lunch menu pricing decided to eat here instead.I ordered the Thai Curry Chicken lunch special, which came with the chicken, salad, crab puff, vegetable roll, lo mein and steamed rice. The salad was the only item I didn't particularly care for because it was iceburg lettuce tossed in ranch(?) dressing. Everything else was fantastic.Their iced tea (unsweetened) is also very good. My coworker and I were able to get in and out in our hour lunch. I will definitely come back (especially to try the Thai Spicy Basil Chicken, it was highly recommended by our server after I told her how delicious the Thai Curry Chicken was).
5	My Fiancee and I visited this new establishment after watching a movie at AMC.  We are so glad we did! The decor is very modern and clean, and the food is delish! We got lunch specials and left feeling very satisfied. The food was fresh and very flavorful. We will definitely be back again! ALSO, everyone was SUPER friendly and NICE! It was awesome =)
4	Went there for dinner tonight. I had pot stickers for an appetizer, my son had the steamed salmon and I had the spicy beef. I was concerned the portions looked small, but it turns out they were about right. The pot stickers were pretty standard(they could have included more sauce), but my beef was very tender and well prepared. My only advice would be to kick the spiciness up a notch. Szechuan cuisine should have a little more kick, but it was good. The salmon was prepared perfectly. My son who is a very picky eater, said he enjoyed it, so that is saying something. It was a little expensive, but I will come back to try some different things and I'd like to try the lunch buffet too. After living in Iowa for 9 years (Ex-NYer), it was good to have decent Chinese fare for a change.
4	Have eaten their buffet lunch a couple of times and find the food and service to be outstanding.  The number of selections is a bit small but that allows them to keep everything fresh and hot.  The dishes tend toward fried items and thus the one star reduction.  Don't get me wrong...I love me all sorts of fried anything.  Also, their fried appetizers and main dishes are crispy and not at all greasy.  I just would like a couple more healthy selections to balance things out a little. Service is attentive, prompt, and pleasant.  The servers always have a smile on their face and are quick to refill drinks.   G&S has become a welcome part of my weekly dining rotation.
5	Best Chinese I've had... Delish!!!  George's seafood pocket is the best appetizer!!! Love the Cantonese chow mein and the festival shrimp is awesome!!! Yum yum! Best Chinese hands down!
5	Best Place for Chinese food in ScottsdaleHands down! All the food is outstanding, can't go wrong with anything served here. Excellent service in a friendly, family atmosphere. George knows most of his customers by first name, will deff be coming back for more!
1	********** Last night was the "Last Chopstick" for us ***********  I'm well aware that some Folks love "George's Visits" to their table.The food here is "Hit or Miss."               ....... and when they Miss ......... its beyond belief.                      Finally my Wife said ........ NEVER AGAIN.Last nights experience, finally brought her around to agreeing with what .....  I've been  telling her for years.                              Confucius and Marvin say ........ Don't waste your Yuan here.
5	Great food, fun times and great piano music on Fri, Sat and Sun nites! Where did the piano go?
4	Had the day off & Wife had mentioned we should try this place for lunch. I'm glad she did. It is a nice small restaurant located in a shopping plaza. The lunch offered buffet style meal along with regular menu orders. We obviously went buffet (no brainer). The food was great and just when you thought they've run out of a tasty dish. They brought out new entree's in its place for the buffet. Try this place if you're looking for some good Chinese buffet with a variety of dishes during lunch.
4	Excellent Chinese and superb service. I tried this place on a groupon and I am hooked.
4	My favorite Chinese food in AZ!  It's full of fresh ingredients, light and tasty.  This definitely isn't the kind of Chinese food where grease is a main ingredient.  It's the good stuff - reminds me of a few places in China Town, in Philadelphia.  I used to live nearby and eat there regularly, but these days, it's our favorite choice for Christmas dinner.  We had the Shrimp with Vegetables and Shrimp Fried Rice - both lovely.  They're quite generous with the shrimp!!NOTE: They don't honor the Yelp 15% off your next visit deal!  It's quite a great place, so definitely visit, but not if you're counting on a discount.
5	I love Asian but eat it infrequently as my husband doesn't care for it.  I had Christmas dinner at George's and thought it to be the best.  They were crowded that night but managed to present all dishes served to our table in a timely manner and properly prepared.  It's spoiled me for other Asian restaurants.  As I said, best ever!!! Didn't know this type cuisine could be this great!  I understand George is quite knowledgeable about wine and found that to be true also.Go there, eat, enjoy!
5	Best Chinese food I've had in a long time. Usually I'm not a fan because it's too greasy and heavy, however this place was amazing. Not only was the food great, but so was the staff and overall atmosphere. My drink was never empty, the food was fresh and came out quick, and the waitress was helpful with menu choices. The owner even came over and talked with us for about 10 min. I will def be back.
5	*STOP SEARCHING BEST CHINESE RESTAURANT AND GO* OK....Service was out of this world! From sitting down and immediately having water, to drinks being brought right away. Never an empty glass. All servers were so happy and polite. Food was put of this world....from citrus chicken to chow mein. Also, how did they make fried rice taste like heaven!? Seriously, I could not stop. Fresh and not greasy. HUGE portions. Came in at 630ish on a Friday night and was empty. Within an hour it was jammed packed. We met George!!! Not only does he walk around and talk to customers, HE WORKS! From serving to bussing. Blew me away. The Yelp check-in deal is over a year old. He is having some trouble with Yelp. He explained his issue, and it sounds legit. He did honor it because we came all the way from Chandler. WE WILL BE BACK ASAP!! FYI....taste amazing left over and even cold. That's legit.
2	This place used to be good and I was disappointed the last time I went. Soggy fried rice, the waitress didn't ask us how the food is, I hope they shape up.
1	This place it is not a buffet and will not honor the 15% stays the contract has expired,therefore will not do it. Overprice and unfriendly customer service.
3	Decent  Chinese food. They have a great lunch Buffett. Nice selection. Walnut shrimp is to die for. Friendly staff too and they deliver. Clean restaurant. Perfect place for lunch!
2	Giving it 2 stars because the food was good, but it took forever to get there. My dish came about 10 minutes after everyone else's. And only after desperately flagging down several harried-looking servers. My husband paid with a credit card, which was not brought back to him until he got up and went looking for it. He asked to speak to a manager.  After waiting for 10 minutes, he gave up and left. We will be getting our money back for this one, that you can be sure of. Pity, because the food was good.
5	Finding excellent Chinese is always a challenge. So happy to find George and sons! The shrimp with pecans and the lemon chicken were phenomenal. Definitely worth a trip
4	I've heard about this place for a while..decided to check it out..very good and a nice variety of different Asian foods..we had the hot and sour soup, shrimp curry and the mixed bag of a little of everything..very good and big portions..plenty of leftovers.  If you're in the mood for Peking duck you need to order it a day in advance and the yelp discount for check ins doesn't work anymore.
5	I live right up the street from this place and go as often as I can. The food is always good and I have yet to really be disappointed with it. Delivery can be a little pricey ($4 charge) but definitely worth it if you don't feel like throwing pants on for dinner. Service has been nice, I haven't had the chance to check their lunch buffet or champagne brunch out , yet, but as soon as I do I will update this review to reflect the experience.I recommend ordering the "Special Chicken" really good!My only issue with this place was the small amount of rice given when I ordered delivery, it was two full orders and we only received one box of rice to share, which is the same amount you get when you order one order.
2	MSG heaven!!!!   please be warned... If you have an allergy to MSG like I do. I get headaches when too much MSG is used. And tonight I got a very big headache from eating the food . When you taste the food... It's really obvious that MSG is and everything. Because the flavoring and the salty taste is the same throughout every dish.I'm always amazed at Americans love of really bad Chinese food. Chinese food in the USA at these kind of restaurant is not even close to what real Chinese food taste like.I lived in Asia for six years... One year in China. 1) Pu Pu Platter... It was exactly as the name suggests. Everything is fried.... It was over fried and very hard.  Was definitely not worth $14 for two people2) shrimp fried rice. Something that even a Chinese takeout place should not be able to mess up. The rice was mushy... It tasted like dirt. And the shrimp obviously was not fresh... And very salty. Vegetables used are frozen ... their not fresh. 3) chicken lettuce wraps... Basically they use the same frozen peas and carrots for every dish they make. So they bought some minced chicken... And then threw some frozen peas and carrots in it.  Loaded with MSG... And the only good thing about it was the sweet brown sauce.I read through many of the reviews... And I just don't understand how people can give this restaurant four or five stars. I've eaten here before and ate the buffet. I thought that I would give them another chance and actually eat for dinner service.If this is the best Chinese food around as other reviews say... Then these people have never eaten good Chinese food before in their life.I've eaten better Chinese food at airport Chinese faster restaurants.it's really expensive... For what you get. No fresh vegetables... Everything frozen... And loaded with MSG.#disappointimg
4	3.5 - 4 starsThey don't have a huge selection for lunch, but it's cheap and what they do have out is really good.
4	Great retaurant...very personal owner....food was fine. Nice ambience and no TV's. You actually can enjoy a conversation.
4	I live 2 minutes away from this restaurant and have been here a couple times for dinner. No Happy Hours, so, if you want a drink, don't be surprised that it's not cheap. But I get a drink every time I go anyway. Let's talk about food first.I always come here for one dish only, the Mandalay chicken noodles. Period. It's delicious. It's a dish that is made with Asian rice noodles, coconut cream and a lot of spices. It's very creamy and rich but spicy at all. You also get tons of chicken out of it. I always order one, eat half of  it, then bring the other half to work the next day. My friend on other hand has tried their Mongolian beef (he always gets this too) and he liked it. Drinks: I have tried the "Chi" and the Pina Colada. they are around 9 to 10 dollars, a bit pricey but have decent taste. Service was good. sometimes it gets sort of slow even though the place is not crowded at all. But we always come here to chill, so waiting a bit is not a problem.
4	Dined here last night for the first time because of the high reviews on Yelp. We were not disappointed.  Mongolian beef was quality,  juicy,  thick sliced beef cooked perfectly in a savory sauce.  Generals Chicken was likewise, thick,  juicy pieces of chicken breast cooked perfectly in a wonderfully spicy sauce.  Both dishes prepared with quality veggies.  The House Chow Fun was also superb. It was very busy at 7:30 on a Tuesday night,  another good sign of the quality.  Service was very good although just a bit rushed,  probably due to the crowd.  High quality food at prices comparable to lower quality take out.  We will be back.
3	Good food. Please note they do not honor their 15% off coupon. We ended up here from our several choices with this in mind.
5	This place never disappoints. The food is excellent and the service is exceptional! I've never been to a place with better service. The waitresses are friendly and helpful.
1	Ordered take out on Christmas Day at around 430pm to avoid the rush. They told us we had to order from a pared down menu which was probably the first sign we should have passed and gone somewhere else.  I could understand having the limited menu during the rush, but there was none.When we got to the restaurant there was one person in front of us. we waited over 15 minutes past the time our order was supposed to be ready. We basically wasted about $100 on food that day. All of it had zero point zero taste. it's like they ran out of seasoning or something. plus every protein was over cooked! I didn't even bother trying to get a refund because they probably would have offered store credit. Since we're never going back there's no point. I really don't know how this place has an average rating of 4. the only reason they get a 1 is because the food was packaged nicely.
4	My experience was brief, but very good. I showed up almost at closing time.... You'd think they'd be annoyed and make faces since they are trying to go home, but it was all the opposite. An asian lady welcomed me w a big smile and ready to take good care of me. She went thru the menu, was patient, and friendly. I take up one star because I drove all the way over there thinking it was a buffett, but she told me the buffett is only up until 2, and I think that info should be highlighted to make it clearer somehow. But in a sense I am so happy I went because I found a new favorite dish... Seafood Pockets, yum! It is a phyllo dough kind of "empanada" filled w scallops and shrimp. It was perfectly flaky, not greasy amazingly fresh and exquisite concotion. Its not easy to find something so perfect, so yes, I will be back!
2	Came here for lunch buffet once. The buffet is not worth it. Theres so little food in their buffet it doesn't deserve to be called a buffet. Its tastes okay, but go elsewhere if your looking for a real chinese buffet.
2	Atmosphere: We arrived to live music on a Saturday night. The playlist included "For the Good Times", "New York New York", "Pretty Woman", and a couple covers by Louis Armstrong. The clientele matched the songs. Food: We've been here a few times and enjoyed the Mongolian Beef. I'm not sure if they've changed cooks or we received someone else's dish but it wasn't Mongolian Beef. The gravy was entirely too sweet and had absolutely no heat like we requested. The house chow mein was better but the chunks of chicken were huge and should've been cut into smaller pieces to match the other proteins on the plate. It was also too oily.Normally, this is our favorite spot for food when we're in this area but unfortunately, we're going to have to think twice the next time we're craving Chinese.
2	I went for their lunch buffet and was expecting a buffet. It was a few dishes and the honey chicken turned my mouth into a glue trap. Haven't been back since.
5	The original George & Son's; oh I love you so much.I can remember the first time my (now husband) took me on a date here. I even remember thinking to myself... If this guy ever breaks up with me I'm going to come back and eat here all the time. The food is THAT GOOD.  Over 4 years later and we even had our rehearsal dinner for our wedding here.My entire family dines here, and we refuse to go anywhere else for Asian/Chinese food. I have tried numerous things on the menu and am never disappointed.  There is a scallop appetizer that will blow your mind. Seriously, so yummy. All the entrees are a decent portion size. Honestly, I always tell myself that I will take half of it home, but I can never stop myself from eating everything in front of me. The service is always kind and attentive. For the prices and quality/quantity of the food you will not find anything better!
1	Ate here a few times, the food was pretty good. The last time I ate here I had a dish I was used to and after a few bites, I broke out in a rash. They advertise no msg, but my reaction proved otherwise. Very stingy when I asked for my money back. To be fair, I was at work and wouldn't get there in time to get my money, but I was scolded about not saying I was allergic to msg. ..Didn't know I was supposed to if there is a no msg note on the menu. Really uncool. Won't be back.
4	Great food! George is terrific.  Basil chicken is to die for. Highly recommended.
4	My favorite place for Chinese delivery but wow is it pricey. The high bill might be because it's delicious and you want to order so much!!!! Best place for Chinese in the area.
5	I haven't had Chinese food in about a year. I'm a New Yorker so I am a snob when it comes to certain types of food. I live right down the street and I was craving some good Chinese food. Read the reviews and decided to try......eggplant in garlic sauce....DELICIOUS! Hot and sour soup.....yummy!!!! And I never eat noodles but I was craving lo mein...we got the house lo mein and it was really perfect!!! I will be going back!!!!
2	Ordered take out last night as I was in the mood for Moo shoo pork.  This place is close by so laziness prevailed.  I got the moo-shoo home and I was so hungry I just keep on eating.  I then realized that my whole mouth smelled of onion.  Very much so.  I have had moo-shoo pork in MANY, MANY restaurants.  It consists of a lot of cabbage, mushrooms and some onion.  BUT THIS WAS ONION, ONION, ONION.  I brushed my teeth twice before going to bed and in the morning I could still smell the onion on my breath.  I don't know what happened with this order, but I don't think the chef was on his game or understands what moo-shoo-pork is supposed to be.  This is a well known restaurant that is supposed to be good.  That's why the owner needs to know that chef on duty did not do a good job on this dish.
3	I have eaten at several Chinese restaurants in Scottsdale, most of them have watered down the Chinese flavor and spices to meet the flat palettes of the folks who live here - most of which are from the North and Northeast - and who really have little tolerance for spice, which is too bad.  So the Chinese restaurants cater to this crowd such as Flo's....AWFUL....Nevertheless, George & Son's is a good place to get okay Chinese - and they too water it down, but not as much as the others in the area.  Don't get me wrong, I was bred on Chinese food in L.A. and Sacramento where spice is standard...I like it HOT!  Even when I ask for really hot, it doesn't even break a sweat on me it is that mild...The flavors are good and the meat tender.  I've been here several times, so that ought to tell you it's okay!
5	George and his staff were classy, accommodating and down to earth. The restaurant itself is romantic and quiet. Everything about this restaurant is EXACTLY what an intimate or family dinner should be like. George goes to each table to ensure 110% satisfaction and the food is exquisite! I HIGHLY recommend this place for romantic dinners or even any event! We will be back each and everytime we want to eat out! FINALLY a restaurant worth talking about!
3	We chose this place for our annual Christmas Chinese meal after we saw it had four stars on Yelp (better than any other places in Scottsdale). I'd say the food was pretty standard American-Chinese fair. We got hot and sour soup, Kung pao shrimp, spicy eggplant, firecracker pork, and the sun devil chicken. Everything was mediocre and very Americanized. The dishes were sweet rather than spicy. The service was good and we didn't expect much. Perhaps our tastes for Asian food are a bit refined having lived in New York and Philly but this was nothing to write home about for us.
1	George - I hope you read this. If I could have given you 0 stars or a negative review I would.Short version: 1. staff your restaurant appropriately and with adequate people, 2. don't tell someone 40-50 minutes and have it be 2 hours and still have no food, 3. instead of smiling and offering free drinks - go help the back of house or help man the front. 4 - if you can't handle to orders put a stop to them - I understand Xmas is busy but you should know the capacity of your kitchen, a lot of orders is NO excuse for not delivering on what you promise.I feel bad for your staff since they are set up for failure, as the owner you are responsible for this.I hope you read this and get your priorities in order not just your profits. Thanks!Long version:I did not have the opportunity to eat your food tonight so I am providing you feedback on the experience of someone who wanted to eat your food and wanted to give you my business. My family and I were looking forward to doing the Chinese on Christmas evening, so we called in and placed an order for a few items to try different dishes. We understand that Christmas night is a crazy night for Chinese restaurants, but the individual on the phone repeatedly said it would be 40-50 minutes for our order.50 minutes later we arrived at your establishment and was greeted by a complete cluster at your entrance - total disorganization and unable to tell who was there to dine and who was there for take out. Once I battled my way to the counter, there were two young ladies working the phone and dealing with checking people in, finding take out orders, and appeasing customers in general. This should have been a huge red flag when I first walked in.... I finally got a hold of one of the front staff, and asked about the status of my order. She said she would check and then disappeared...15 minutes later she reemerged from the kitchen empty handed - she did not say anything to me so I asked for an update. She said she saw some of the order but they were still working on 3-4 dishes and they were all coming out at different times. Again - I should have left at this time....When I asked how long, she said she didn't know - when I pushed she said 10-15 minutes.30 minutes later and still no food I pushed more on where the food was - I know I was not the only disgruntled potential customer. SHe said she would check and then disapeared again....15 minutes later she came back and said they are still working on it. My Dad waited 10 more minutes as I was waiting with my toddler in the car at this point. I then walked back to the restaurant with my toddler, checked with my Dad and the waitress apparently came back and again said it was not ready. At this point I went in alone, confirmed that your restaurant still had no idea on the timing of my food. I then provided the staff with my thoughts on how they should treat people on Christmas and left with no food. 30 minutes later we were eating tacos I made at home. Hey at least it was food. Merry Christmas.
5	Best Asian Cusine that I have found in AZ. Love the crab ragoons, sizzling rice soup and every entree I have had. The meat is not mystery meat, like some Chinese restaurants, but great quality.
4	I read some reviews mostly great and a few bad ones due to circumstances. Anyway,  I had been eaten at this restaurant over the years, after the meals I always felt happy and satisfied.  What I like about the food is the restaurant adds innovated elements in making the dishes more interesting and delicious.  Example, the egg rolls rather using the traditional stuffing it has shrimp instead. The fried grass is fried scallions which is crisp and flavorful. The stir fry black truffle with beef and asparagus, etc. I can name it on and on; most of these dishes that you cannot taste them elsewhere.The restaurant design has a good vibe that makes you feel comfortable. Particularly the owner George with his warm personality always makes you feel welcome in his restaurant. I am a big fan of this place.The restaurant can be so extraordinary busy that bad moments can happen. If unfortunate that you have bad experience just because you catch them at wrong time, I suggest you give yourself and the restaurant a second chance, then you might find out what you could have been missed.
5	This place was amazing, the owner was extremely kind and his family was charming. the food was out of this world, don't think I can ever eat Asian food from anywhere else again. The service was great, a nice hostess guided us to our table where we were regularly checked on. Overall 5 out of 5 hands down
3	Had take out from here and quickly realized it's probably more of a place you go sit down at instead of getting take out. Food seemed to be ready quick (wasn't me picking it up) but all in all it appeared to be standard nothing special take out. I wasn't super impressed at all but that's not to say I'm not willing to give this place another try.
