5	The long awaited, much anticipated CenPho brother to Green is HERE! While this isn't another Green location (don't worry! they will open soon!), Nami serves a huge menu of their delicious tsoynamis and a variety of other baked goods.  This little cafe is all vegan, and while my vegetarian diet allows me to overindulge in regular ice cream -  these tsoynamis could convert me. I had a flufflernutter (note: NOT a sexual term, but instead a mixture of peanut butter and marshmallow cream) tsoynami that was heavenly and huge. YUM!I did not try any coffee but am very excited to. They offer soy, almond and rice milk - with promises to add more nut varieties soon. Nami offers a beautiful selection of pastries - cupcakes, whoopie pies, cookies.The staff here was amazingly friendly and welcoming.  I felt like they genuinely cared about my business, as well as any comments or suggestions that we had.    I am glad that I get to be the first review, since I was their FIRST customer. This vegan-niche is much needed in Central Phoenix and I am so stoked for what Nami and Green will bring to it!
5	Love the Tsoynamis and excited they are downtown! Beautiful cupcakes, cookies, vegan twinkies! I can't wait for the vegan caramel apples. Mmmmmm
4	Pleasantly surprising.  They serve Royal (@ the Market), for those interested.Being pretty hip to the coffee scene in PHX, I was a little surprised to hear of this new shop, having not heard of it's coming.  Maybe I didn't look around enough, but it felt like Nami just kind of popped up.So I had my doubts, as I always will when giving a new place a shot.  The layout was pleasant, and the decor pretty rad; love the couch.  Parking seems sorted out a great deal better than when That's A Wrap inhabited the area -  good plus there.  Sweets looked great.So I order my typical - drip and a 2x (on the side).  This gives me a general idea of the shop; milk drinks are for second and beyond trips.  Firstly, their demi-tasses are super cute.  Obviously hand-made, and hopefully local.  Loved it.  My drip actually turned out to be a pour-over, which is a plus to me.  A coffee junkie can appreciate a pour-over, where it kind of scares a person just wanting some "coffee" (see: I understand why you call it drip vs pour-over).Straight up espresso is generally a quick way of determining bad-average-good.  Crema was nice though, consistent, and had me thinking I might have a decent thing here.  Taste was good, creamy and quite chocolatey (which seems the profile of the beans being used - the drip was reminiscent of the same).  Said and done (from a 'snob' standpoint), the espresso was good, not mindblowing.  I think the grind was right, but either the dosing could be moved up a tiny bit, or tamped a little harder.  Granted, this was the first and only I had there, so I can't necessarily base the entire shop on that one dopio.  All in all, I'm saying it was good, and while the extraction time was right, it could use a little more density.The drip (see: pour-over) clearly used the same roast, which isn't a complaint.  The same chocolatey, creamy notes were abound.  I feel the dosing was very light, and should have either been a 12oz, or more grounds used.  I actually felt I was drinking a water heavy coffee.  Not terrible, but certainly not great.  I have a sneaking suspicion if the measurement was a bit closer, it would have been a much better brew.  Pour-overs are an art first, for sure, then a science.  I think they have potential here.  Maybe a better pot would help with this brew method as well.-- I'll be back.  My experience was neither mind-blowing nor off-putting.  I'm hoping after they get into the swing of things and get the kinks ironed out, this will be one of the cooler stops in PHX.  Certainly a great concept and whatnot.
4	A 100% vegan bakery in Central Phoenix? Dear God. All at once, I'm infuriated and relieved that it's so far away from my house.Here's what we ordered:1. Banana bread- It has a brown sugar crust. It's delicate, and flavorful, and it has a brown sugar crust. Brown. Sugar. Crust. Order it.2. Winkie (Twinkie)-If you want to go vegan but can't bear to give up Hostess crap, now you don't have to! It's just like a Twinkie, only it doesn't contain beef fat and won't give you cancer.3. Nami Cake (Ding Dong)This is a rich, dark chocolate cupcake topped with chocolate ganache and filled with cream. Essentially, it's a Ding Dong, if the gas station suddenly became a patisserie. 4. Chocolate chip cookie -If you lean towards chewier cookies that are definitely on the sweet side, this is the cookie for you. Plus, they're huge and full of big chocolate chips, and everyone leans towards that.  5. Mini cupcake -The one we sampled was a vanilla almond, which I should like... but the sweetness totally outweighed the flavor. However, I think that ratio goes over well with most people, so hey.6. Cake pops -The chocolate cake pop covered in dark chocolate hit the spot. This was the most intense chocolate-y thing we ordered, which by the transitive property might make it the best thing? If you're a fan of chocolate, you're a fan of these. Millions of these.Next time: I still need to try something from the coffee bar, which will undoubtedly be accompanied by banana bread... and probably a cake pop (I mean, I drove all the way out there...)Apparently, they also do a Tsoynami called "The Mash", which is filled with random mashed up baked goods (I was only informed of this afterward.) Now that I've tasted the desserts the old-fashioned way, separately, why not get them combined and smothered in ice cream? It only seems natural (and I mean, come on, I drove all the way out there...)
5	I am so excited about this!I have a dairy allergy and am pretty use to coffee shops using the cheapest soy milk they can find to pacify us non-dairy people, and then typically charge an extra $.50 for it. Nami is all vegan.  I was pleasantly surprised when I went there and asked for a  latte and they asked me, "would you like that made with soy, hazelnut, almond, or coconut milk?"  WHAT!?! choices?  They also informed me that once they get more settled they want to start making fresh nut milks.  The hazelnut latte is awesome.  Also, the "Nami Cakes" are soooo good.
5	My friend and I went here the other night. We had an affogato, Nami cake, mint/oreo tsoynami, and 2 soy vanilla lattes. The service is really fantastic, and the espresso is very good.
5	Vegan baked goods that are actually good.  I SWEAR IT.  No chalky brownies or too-dense cakes here.  Just amazing, moist, delicious sweets.  Yum.
5	This is such a great Vegan coffee and dessert spot, even though I am not a Vegan or Vegetarian I love the yumminess they have here and once you have a Nami you will fall in love with their soy goodness!!! My favorite is Dez Hazelnuts however they don't have that one here at this new location only the one in Tempe.  All coffee drinks come with soy at no additional charge, however if you want hazelnut, almond or pecan there is an additional charge not more than .50 cents. and right across the way there is Green the vegetarian restaurant. With this new set up only food is served at Green and only desserts at Nami.  I like this location as it is not too far from route 51 on my way to and from work so I can stop and get a Fair Trade latte that rivals Starbucks.
5	I love coffee shops. I am a big fan of Chef Damon and his restaurant spawn. I was very excited for Nami!I got the pumpkin spice latte, my bf got the peppermint latte. While the pumpkin spice latte was delicious, I ended up stealing his peppermint latte. Did you know they use peppermint from their own garden for this? TRY IT! It is perfect for the season.And their oatmeal creme pie? Very lovely for the dairy-deprived. Don't expect it to be the Little Debbie version, however. It is delicious in it's own right.
4	The first time I went here, I didn't come away feeling very satisfied mostly because I'm cheap at times. I spent nearly $7 on a cookie and a "winkie." The winkie was good but it wasn't *that* good. I was sorta sulking about that and didn't think I'd go back. But alas, on my next visit, I got one of their Dairy-Queen-like "Tsoynamis" and damn if that stuff isn't crack. I went back a second time in four days because I had to have some of that cream, non-dairy goodness. I had a PB-Chocolate one and more recently a 'Smores one with marshmallow fluffer. Good stuff. I like the coconut milk better in some ways. Anyway, I have to be careful around that place but I mean that in a good way.
3	I went for the brunch today. First of all I just don't understand why they didn't serve brunch at Green, that's where the kitchen is. They were very adamant about waiting until 9am until anyone could place a brunch order even though the place was filling up before 9am. Though once orders were placed food came quickly.The plates were brought over from Green and probably played a hand in why the food wasn't hot, but it was more likely due to it being pre made, quite possibly the day ahead of time, and not heated well, which in turn made for a very dry tofu scramble. I got the Sage Sausage Hashsheesh, unfortunately no sage flavor just one note flavor, even so, it would have tasted better Hot and it would have been nice to have toast with it as well.By the time we left it was standing room only. I may be pointing out the obvious here but Nami should stick to being a coffee and pastry shop and let real meals be at Green where food can be served hot from the kitchen into a dining room that can accommodate more people. Maybe consider having an option to order brunch at Nami for the overflow but to have it solely there is asinine.P.S.I'd like to add that the first time I visited Nami I ordered the FluffernutterinSoynami which is ORGANIC peanut butter, banana, ricemellow fluff and toasted marshmellow flavor and I stood there and watched her scoop in SKIPPY Peanut Butter=Not Cool=False Advertising=Fail!
5	love!!!
5	The fact that I have yet to write my review of Nami should be an insult to vegans and sweet lovers everywhere!Nami, short for Tsoynami, is heaven on earth. or the moon. jupiter. wherever there is heaven, there is Nami.Soy "tsoft" serve ice cream. Winkies. Snickerdoodles. Various cupcakes. Various cakes. Coffee with a choice of soy, almond, rice, and even hazelnut milk!Although they have only done it once, Nami is planning on running a regular Sunday brunch in February. I thought it was amazing when I went to the beta test. Multiple scramble options in addition to chilaquilles and other brunch creations. Do yourself a favor and stop by. If not for the treats, for the awesome dancing and singing always taking place!PS... Cheddar and Chive Scone (thank me anytime)
5	Nami is situated next to the Green New American Vegetarian Restaurant on 7th St, South of McDowell. The baristas are genuinely sweet and their tsoynamis (soy soft serve ice cream - made with coconut milk, soy milk and sugar) are out of this world! I get the mixed frozen berries smashed and mixed together.Their vegan bakery is amazing: cupcakes, brownies, cookies, you name it. And don't forget to try their coffee! Nom!
5	OK, each star represents a visit during my less-than-48 hour visit to PHX. YES, I WENT TO NAMI FIVE TIMES IN TWO DAYS. Don't judge. Vegan soft serve is hard to find, people.3 trips were for tSoynamis.  AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!  had Fluffernutterin, Chai Tiramisu & S'mores.  brought non-vegan friends & they loved it, too.2 trips were for coffee. the lattes were yummy.  also had a yogurt parfait, delish!Amazing looking pastries- saving that for next time.Staff are super friendly & hip & helpful.
3	Outside the treats, you get an adorable and sleek interior which is very comfortable and feels great to be in, and fun people watching to boot. Its a little expensive for the drinks - I figure that comes with the territory.
5	Where do I begin?  This place is AMAZING!  I have been many times, and each time I try a new dessert and am always pleased.  They have tsoynami's (think vegan Blizzard), an assortment of vegan/gluten-free pastries, coffee/espresso/non-coffee beverages, and more!  My recent quest to live a life full of plant based foods has landed me here many times, as they offer soy, rice, almond, coconut, and hazelnut milks for my caffeinated bevvy of choice.  They have, by far, the BEST vegan desserts I've tried thus far.  Let me just say, if you're into things like moist chocolate cake, ooey gooey frosted cinnamon rolls, and super delicious doughnuts, this is the place for you.  The staff is always nice and friendly, and they are usually dancing and/or singing, too.  Come on, why wouldn't you go here?!
5	yaaayyyy!!!! A completely dairy-free dessert zone!!! EVERYTHING here is vegan, even the insanely delicious truffles! (I had rocky road....I almost melted and went to chocolate heaven right there!) The Tsoynami's are outrageous! I haven't had 'soft serve ice cream' in a looooooong time...(figured out I was allergic to dairy like 8 years ago..it's been a while!) ...I had coffee coco loco, mmmmm......(writing this review is going to make me leave out the door right now for some more....)...My family ordered the clunky monkey and LOVED it (they are all dairy eaters, so, I think that says a lot!)  I can't wait to go back and try some cupcakes, and get me some more of those truffles.....SO GLAD there is another location near me!!! (or AM I???)
4	MMMMMM tsoynamis! Long story short, we used to drive alllll the way to Scottsdale to enjoy one of these delectable vegan soft serve concoctions. Now, it's a cool ten minute ride from our place! (Not good news for my ass.)They're kind of pricey, but they're huge and should be split. Go for the almond joy or good ol' peanut butter and chocolate (extra pb!) You won't be sorry.
5	Yeah!   Love this place!!  Went for coffee, nothing special an Americano...it was so creamy and delicious!  Wonder what they use for soy milk?  While I was there, directly after eating at green, I could not resist the soy soft serve tsunami...hope I'm spelling that right.  Chocolate and peanut butter with chocolate chips, so awesome!  Makes me want to move downtown so I can go to Nami at least once a day!
4	Delicous looking pastries, and pleasant atmosphere.  Its a great alternative to have.  I'm not the biggest sweet fan, and definately not sold on all the crap that goes into vegan foods and sweets, but if one must indulge then this ain't a bad way to go.  I love the location and how nice they keep it.  Its so much nicer thant he original Green.
5	I'm not one for soy, vegan or vegetarian food, but my taste buds and blood sugar level were both happy after a chocolate donut and mocha latte.
5	So gooooooooodAfter Jon S. introduced me to tsoynamis at Green in Scottsdale, a few friends decided to stop by on our way back to Tempe from Bliss. I was surprised to find a cute little cafe next to Green. The guy at the register was super friendly, and helped my friend decide what flavor to get. I decided on the Cookies n Cream but couldn't help to admire all of the baked goods that they had on display. And their drink menu looked delicious also. As expected, the tsoynami was amazing and I'll definitely be back if I'm in the area.
5	I decided to try this place while I was visiting Phoenix since all the Yelp reviews gave them 5 stars! I can see why!!!! I had asked the cashier to recommend me a flavor for their T'soynami, as I have never heard of anything like this before. She suggested the vegan nami. I was unsure at first because I am by far not even close to a vegan... more like a carnivore! I went with her suggestion anyway. The vegan nami is so delicious! I would go back there again and again if I am ever in town again! Vacationing and decided to stop here to kill time because of the rave reviews! I'm so glad I did!!!
5	We were always skeptical to come here because we aren't vegan and it seemed too pricey. But after hearing so many raves about this place, my husband and I rode our bikes here. The ambiance is charming and the staff is genuinely sweet. I enjoyed a toddy while the hubby sipped on a chai tea latte. We shared an oatmeal cream, two oatmeal cookies sandwiched together by icing, addicting but a little too sweet for my taste.Edited-We finally tried the tsoynami and it was delicious!!!! In our minds we always rationalized by saying we would rather get blizzards at DQ. So happy we didn't this time around. My favorite is the Chai Tiramisu tsoynami and my husband loves the Fluffernuterin. We've also tried the Almond Oy Vey and the cookies 'n' cream.
4	Now, I'm not naive enough to think just because it's vegan that it's good for you. But if I'm gonna eat sweets, this is the place to go. The German chocolate cake is awesome! Cool hipster atmosphere and imo there needs to be way more of these types of places in Phoenix.
4	Good lord these folks were super happy to be serving up vegan treats. Always good when a 5YO doesn't want to share his "ice cream."
5	Tsoynamis are amazeballs- even if you are accustomed to good old, fully-leaded ice cream treats! :)
2	Reviewing the coffee bar half of the Nami theme only...Nami has been the closest espresso bar to my home since opening late last year.  Seeing as the coffee bean is a central part of my daily existence, it took me long enough to make my first visit.  Unfortunately, I would have been fine just delaying it indefinitely.  I can appreciate the whole vegan thing if that's their deal - there's a niche market for that and somebody's got to fill it.  What is astonishing is the refusal to placate the non-vegan crowd (i.e. overwhelming majority) and carry some half & half.   Introducing almond milk to whatever you're drink may be is an utter waste of espresso - trust me on this one.  The novelty of the concept, the trendy and energetic vibe, and the friendly baristas are among Nami's merits.  It's not the kind of coffee house that beckons you to sit down with a laptop or a book while you sip your favorite hot drink.  Hard, uncomfortable seats encourage you get what you came for and take it for the road.
5	Loved the winkie!  Eat your vegan meal next door at Green and stroll over to Nami for dessert.
5	Great place for vegan delight! If your looking for a vegan friendly coffee / dessert spot in CenPho, I can think of none better than Nami. I came here for the Tsoynami (a vegan friendly dq blizzard) and was not dissapointed. While I don't think you can ever really compare apples to apples when it comes to dairy desserts and non dairy alternatives, it's about as close as you will find. (I wonder if they have one with apples? probably not). I don't think I will ever really find a replacement for my froyo love.I can't attest for how healthy they are; I imagine the fat content is fairly low, since it is soy based. For those carb / sugar conscious - the ingredients info isn't really posted anywhere, but I imagine there is a fair amount of sugar in whatever toppings, cookies, and candies that go into your frozen dessert. Just do a couple extra sit-ups, it's worth it!
5	Overall experience: The healthy, even vegan version of Coldstone, and it's AWESOME!Food: Tsoynami, basically organic, soy-based soft serve dessert, with incredible ingredients mixed in. We tried tried the "No's mint" (organic oreos and mint), which was excellent, the cookies and cream was sweet and crunchy, PB&J (organic peanut butter, organic strawberries, and organic graham crackers) was delectable, and probably the overall favorite of our group, the El Capitan, vanilla tsoynami with organic strawberries and vegan cap'n crunch -- AWESOME! 5 starsService: Very good! 4 starsPrice: The serving is huge, and the flavor is excellent, each one is easily shareable between multiple people, all for around $5. 5 stars on value!ambience: simple but clean, similar to Green Vegetarian next door (same owners, actually). 4 stars.A great dessert after any meal. Enjoy!
4	I think ice cream is pretty disastrous, so when I tried the tsoynami, I was in frozen dessert heaven.  I've only tried the fruit blend versions, and crave them regularly.  They're good.  And they're big.  My daughter and I are easily satisfied sharing one.I'm not a coffee drinker, but do enjoy a good chai latte now and then.  This, by far, is the best chai latte in town.  It's got a fairly descent spice (and I love the spice), and I can actually taste the ginger.  And of course, no dairy.On the down side, my mom loves her dose of half n half in her coffee.  The non-dairy options just didn't satisfy her one bit.  I would imagine that most of my dairy loving friends might be reluctant to join me there.  Oh well.P.S. Thanks for the doggie-patio love.  She loves riding over with me.
2	Had the "Winkie" and sorry to say it was disgusting. It was an oily bomb of sugar that burned my throat with the ridiculous amount of sugar in this product. Health wise you would be better off eating a real Twinkie. The Winkie left such a bad taste in my mouth that I am afraid to try anything else.
5	when you're gluten-free, vegan, soy milk and almond milk intolerant and you can't have any caffeine, it's torture to go into any bakery or coffeehouse.  Not at Nami.  What was great about this place was the gluten-free vegan treats...yes they are sugary...my favorite is the two snickerdoodle cookies pressed together with some sort of awesome creamy goodness in the middle.  And, they can make steamers with rice or coconut milk!!!  finally a coffeehouse I feel good going to!
5	I don't even know how many times I've been to Nami since it opened. It really doesn't matter that it's 30 minutes away from my house... I make up reasons to go weekly.An update on the "Here's what we ordered" section:1. Cinnamon roll -A classic. They heat it up for you so that it's too warm and fragrant and irresistible not to finish. It's perfect. I hate it. I hate them. (That's a lie.)2. Chocolate cake doughnut - Call me a conspiracy theorist, but I'm pretty sure that this is just a ring-shaped piece of chocolate cake. That said, it's a very good piece of ring-shaped chocolate cake.3. Sugar cookie - I brought this home for my very non-vegan little sister, who tasted it immediately and said, "This (nom) is the best (nom) sugar cookie (nom) I've ever had in my life!"4. House made granola, yogurt & berry parfait - Nami's granola is like cocaine. You will never be able to have enough of it. But that's okay, because on some mornings it just feels right. I do wish the yogurt wasn't soy-based and the berries weren't frozen, but honestly, it still rocks.5. Vegan Victory Bar - If you're looking for something more wholesome, this peanut butter-chocolate-spirulina (hence the green color)-nut-seed bar will satisfy your sweet tooth without making you feel gypped for picking the 'healthier' option.6. Hazelnut milk latte - Any of the lattes from Nami are fantastic. Choose coconut, almond, soy, hazelnut, or rice milk for a strong, nutty cup of awesome (and you can sweeten it with Stevia!)7. The MASH - If you're feeling daring, this is a fun way to spin the wheel of dessert fortune. I've ended up with a carrot cake tsoynami and a mint chocolate chip one. Both were delicious, but nothing beats the Monsoon.8. Brownie -Literally the best brownie I've ever had. So chewy-rich-intensely-chocolate-y. It didn't even taste like there was flour in it. I want a hundred of them. Right now.9. Peanut butter bar - Don't be intimidated by this dense looking log. It's actually a light, crunchy, nougat-y bar with a thin layer of chocolate on top, although it does resemble peanut butter fudge.The thing is... I've never had brunch here, which means I should probably head back on Sunday to get a feel for it. Now there's an idea.
5	It's definitely a treat.  I got to split one with a friend after eating at Green and it was excellent.  A nice alternative for avoiding dairy.Not sure of the flavor, but pretty sure it had bananas and cookies.  One is more than enough to share with multiple people especially after a meal.Another great place in the central corridor
5	Had to write an update since they now serve brunch on Sundays.I went in and was slightly disappointed to see that just about everything was with tofu scramble (not the hugest tofu fan), but I made a selection: The Benedict Arnold.  Made up of roasted asparagus, Canadian "bacon", "hollandaise", and scrambled tofu.  You can get it in a bowl (for the gluten-free kids), or wrapped in a tortilla.  I chose the tortilla, cause well...I love a damn good burrito!  It came out, and I was ready.  First bite in, and I knew we had a winner!  The combination of all flavors was perfection to my taste buds.  They have a decent selection to choose from, including: cinnamon rolls, yogurt parfaits, other burrito or bowl delights, coffees and juices, and more.It was a nice brunch experience and hope to come back for more.
4	Brunch is awesome.  I've come here on two occasions for Brunch and have left satisfied. I've had the sausage hash as a wet chimichanga and it was delicious (though I don't know how anything deep fried cannot be delicious). Last sunday, I got the benedict arnold and it too was great. Even the fake canadian bacon tasted like real meat (though more like bologna, which I think is still delicious).  But the real star of each brunch was the zeppole. Delicious fried donut balls with an sublime strawberry sauce! HEAVEN! I don't quite understand why they just don't use the space from Green to host brunch, since all the food comes from that kitchen anyway, but I guess it's a branding thingThe rest of the time, nami is fine. Everything is ok to good, such as the drinks, pastries, and tsoynamis. The donuts I've had there (besides the zeppole tend to get stale very quickly.)I do get a kick out of the fact that their symbol looks like a little poo.
5	So, I have had to go gluten-free so I have been checking out their GF treats.I love the pb bars, and the victory bars. OH and the yankee doodle?! MAGICAL.NEEDS more cupcakes that are gluten-free though. I want cupcakes.I love that I can be comfortably vegan and gluten-free as I struggle adding a new restriction to my lifestyle. I have also decided that almond milk makes my favorite latte.The baristas are always exuberant and friendly and I always feel welcomed.
5	I have a dairy allergy and a weakness for Ice Cream. I tried one of Nami's tSoynami's ($4.50 for a lot) which is sort of like a DQ Blizzard only made with what tastes like Homemade Ice Cream only this has Soy rather than Cow milk. I went with the Fluffernutterin (organic peanut butter, banana, ricemellow fluff and toasted marshmallow flavor). I can honestly say this was better than a DQ Blizzard. They also have yummy cupcakes and cookies and other treats, coffee & Sunday Brunch. I also like their restaurant Green located next door and I am far from a Vegetarian but good is good.
5	First of all, the people who work here are great and very welcoming. It's great!At first I didn't know this place was vegan, and when I found out I was surprised. It's great! I'm vegetarian and try to eat vegan foods as much as possible. I also do not eat gluten, and it's great that they have vegan, and gluten free pastries! As well as vegan and gluten free ice cream.The price is very reasonably, $5.00 on the dot, for an ice cream. You can even add extra pecans or strawberries, etc., at no extra cost. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants great ice cream! Vegan, vegetarian, or not, I'm sure everyone will enjoy it. The decor is nice as well. With local artists selling their artwork. It's very minimalistic. Which is very nice. It goes with the PHX downtown vibe.
5	Mine eyes hath seen the glory of this vegan bakery,It indulges my most tender taste buds decadently,If I lived a mile closer, I'd have a huge belly,My mouth is munching on!!!!!!10 stars. I may have a small sense of patriotism towards the Green/Nami powerhouse being vegan, but there are no reasons to take away stars. More like lots of reasons to add stars. The interior at Nami is small, quaint and humble. It overflows with hipsters and yuppies alike not to mention hard rockers and tree huggers. Everyone who is anyone can find something delicious here regardless of the wear and tear of your converse shoes or how long you've been working on your sleeve. If you have the ability to raise a hand to your mouth carrying a donut, you'll leave happy.We came for Sunday brunch and were filled with too many "mmmmm"s to count. The tofu scramble was perfection and those wings are seriously wing-ding-dang good. The bevvies are delicious and it's probably doesn't even need to be mentioned that the tsoynamis are the best and surest way to fight the 105 degrees outside. Can't wait to come back and get my birthday cupcake here.
5	Try a chai tsoynami, so good, the soy whip is amazing!
5	I want to re-review this place every time I try something new here!  I think the chai tsoynami changed my life last week.  But maybe I'm only saying that because I am lost in a post chocolate peanutbutter cupcake high. So rich.  So moist. Dare I say it?  BETTER than any non-vegan cupcake I've ever had.  Utter decadance.
5	I LOVE Love this place!!! Super tasty and AAMmmmazing!!! Try the rocky road - walnut chunks with marshmallow fluffalmond joy tsoynami - loads of shredded coconut goodnessThe only downfall was that one time their machine were down and they only had their baked goods available.
4	Vegan desserts in the AZ desert. Is this an episode of the twilight zone? It's just a testament to the growing diversity in body, mind and palette here everyday.I love the fact that I eat their ice cream and don't feel fat afterwards.
5	Nami-you had me at hello!My sweet tooth is SO thankful this exists and that it is close to my work site (though I'd prefer it was closer to my home-pretty please consider setting up another one in Chandler/Gilbert??? :). I'm a loyal Green customer (no restaurant has topped this restaurant as far as I know, NATIONALLY!!), and Nami is an exciting addition. I haven't gone there for Brunch, but I do plan on very very soon! I can't pick a favorite because everything is good there. I like to try a new Tsoynami flavor each time I go there. I love their play on their toppings such as Captain Crunch and how it brings back childhood memories. This is a place I would bring my non-vegans to-not one of them has walked away disappointingly.
3	I LOVE the product, but it takes so long to get your order that I've been late getting back to work.
5	I'm a fan of cool, hip coffee places and to find a place like this in PHX was gravy! After finishing up a road trip vacay of the four corners states, a much needed iced cold coffee back home to Los Angeles would be nice. Especially when your in this Arizona desert heat Nami can't go wrong and thanks to my trusted Yelp search this place made me feel like hipster home.Parking can be tight here and we ended up parking at the rear. There is a rear entrance way to get inside if you are parking from the backside of the shop. Why I like hipster joints like these? its because many offer different types of coffee in their special menu, not just ordinary and I like the cool savvy ambiance. It was on a sunday here close to brunch time it was packed here, and hell no we are not getting out this line! Patience is worthy here trust me. Looking at their menu on the wall they do have an impressive variety from deserts, hot coffee or cold but most of all its Vegan powered here! We ordered the Caramel Mochaito and the Cactus Haboob ( not sure if its spelled exactly right )  but their specials had names like "the Mash" among others. Im not sure what our iced coffees had in them but the name says it all and what really matters is the taste. Our drinks were $5.00 each. which is cool, you gotta remember VEGAN.The staff here are pros because we didn't wait too long for our orders and the place was busy. After taking a few sips of our drinks, it wasn't overly sweet with any sugar rush or any of that coffee bitterness, all I can say is that both our drinks tasted smooth especially the Caramel Moch. I had was silk as Dove chocolate and the Cactus Haboob was cool and refreshing like Freddy Flintstone's Cactus Coola.Checkout their other desserts here they look eye candy and promising.I highly recommend coming to Nami and to do away the Starbucks! Think Vegan!
5	I am not a dessert person by any means but in the 100+ degree Phoenix heat I love a cold Soynami.
5	tsoynami. some crazy vegan cold stone blizzard. they make their own vegan soft serve and it's actually very good. you can pick all sorts of things to mix into it and it's delicious. They have tons of donuts, baked goods, and coffee drinks.
5	Love Nami, we go almost every Sunday for brunch. Such a great idea they separated Green from Nami. The sage sausage scramble is definitely a must-try. Great atmosphere and people
5	We used them for our wedding cake and other desserts.  No one could tell they were vegan and we loved to gloat that they were.  We are still getting rave reviews on how awesome all the sweets were. We also used Nami as a base of operations for the wedding planning.  We did all of our vendor meetings there so we could have an excuse to get some awesome coffee and a pastry of some sort.  Morgan and her crew have been nothing but accommodating throughout the whole process and have addressed us by name and treated us like regulars since they met us. We finally got to go to the Sunday brunch they have the morning after the wedding and it was awesome.  I got the biscuits and gravy and the husband got the chiliquiles. I was jealous of what he ordered because it tasted like my Nana's but not so spicy so that we could actually eat it.I wish we lived closer but at the same time I'm glad we live far from it.  We would both be so fat and probably broke from eating there all the time.
4	Great Americanos and lattes. Haven't jumped on their baked good as there is just something off to me about vegan products but I'll leave that stuff to the kids that love it :)Apparently I need to try their frozen soft-serve thang... Soynami...it's where it's at i keep hearing. Great great great job on the renovation of the building and thoughtful material choices and design. A very nice addition to 7th street. Nice to see, said the Phoenix native :)
4	I was in Phoenix for work recently.  After picking up my rental car, I was in dire need for coffee.  I did a quick yelp search and decided to check out Nami, as it was somewhat on the route to my destination.  The barista greeted me when I walked in and was very friendly when letting me know all the milk alternative options.  I decided to be slightly adventurous and try coconut milk with my latte.  I'm not sure if I particularly liked coconut milk, but it was worth a try.It was very hot and toasty in Phoenix and I ordered a hot coffee instead of an iced coffee.  Not sure why I didn't think to order an iced one...  despite the hot coffee on a very hot day, I still enjoyed it.  Thank Nami for providing me with caffeine :)
4	A friend and I ended up at Nami yesterday by some sort of happy accident. Her car was blocked by a delivery truck over at Rice Paper, so we decided to walk over to get a coffee while we waited for the truck to move. I'm very happy we did! This place only serves vegan milks (I think.....no cow's milk, anyway). I was a bit worried that I would not be a fan, as I am not vegan. I ordered a cappuccino with soy milk (their 'base' milk) and my friend had a vanilla latte with rice milk (they said this was closest to 'skim' milk). I didn't try her coffee, but mine was very good! The consistency was right for a cappuccino, the espresso was bold without being bitter or acidic, and the whole thing was very pleasant. While we were there, tons of people came in to get ice cream. Maybe next time I should try some ice cream...it looked tasty. I did have a sample of one of their vegan chocolate baked goods and it was incredible! I was shocked! I have tried lots of vegan baked goods and have not liked them in the least, but this little chocolate nutty baked thing was spot on. There is a definite return trip in my future.
5	I'm always trying to find new places that offer vegan & gluten free bakery options and this place does not disappoint. I love that they make their own nut milks and the coffee was right on. Will definitely be back again and again!
5	Cannot say enough about this place. The Food is delicious and all dairy free. The staff is really nice and helpful. Did i mention that the food is delicous? Sunday brunch is a treat and they seem to be super busy. Go support local vegan business.
5	In my searching of vegan options in Phoenix I stumbled across Nami that was listed as a 100% vegan ice cream shop/bakery/coffee shop.  Further search brought up photos of indulgent ice cream sundaes called tSoynamis.  We had the perfect opportunity to check out Nami following my birthday dinner at Pizza Heaven Bistro, since it was just up the street.Not only does is Nami 100% vegan but they also carry many gluten-free options for those interested. Nami is located just next door to it's restaurant counterpart, Green.The staff was super friendly.  Given so many choices they also gave us a hand selecting our tSoynami.  My husband went with the "Mash" which is a mash up of baked goods and other yummy additions of the maker's choice.   In other words a "Mash" will never be the same.  He was quite impressed by the tastiness of his treat and I will admit I stole many spoonfuls of his.I chose the "Fluffernutterin'" which contained organic peanut butter, banana, ricemellow fluff and toasted marshmallow flavor.  Definitely a win in my book.What made our experience even better?  When I saw that our treats were served in a biodegradable 16oz cup along with a wooden biodegradable spoon.  I'm all about reducing my carbon footprint.Checking out their Facebook page I see that they have Hot Fudge Sundays and Sunday Brunch, both of which I know I will have to check out.  Not to mention, I definitely need to try some of their vegan baked goods ASAP. Vegan donuts exist too!!The good and bad is that it's a pretty big trek to Nami for us.  Good since I think I'd be there every day.  Bad, that I wish it wasn't that far.  Even so I've  visited Nami 4 times since arriving in Phoenix just under a month ago -_-.  My excuses are that once it was my birthday and the other 3 I just happened to be in the area while exploring all Phoenix has to offer.  Hey, I had to take advantage of my opportunities.Yes, vegan soft serve ice cream exists and it truly is heavenly.
5	All I can say is this coffee/ice cream/sweet shop is inspirational!  Coupled with it's parent restaurant in the same parking lot, you are certainly in for a great night of eats!All of my experiences have been nothing short of amazing.  I have eaten at Nami for breakfast, desert after lunch, desert after dinner and for a mid-day snacks.The coffee is all vegan and fair trade and they offer all kinds of milks to add in with your lattes and such.  Packaging for the coffee is also awesome.  For breakfast, you can opt for some power vegan bars sitting on the counter, quiche or search through the sweets display case.  For deserts, my favorite is the cupcake which was inspired with the Hostess cake but it's vegan!  That's right... chocolaty-goodness with white cream filing and icing on top! oh my!  They also have a chai cupcake which has a cinnamon-like icing on top... yum yum!  They have snicker doodles with icing sandwiched in between and mini-cookies to scarf down.  Everything is vegan!  They are famous for something known as a soy-nami but I've never made it to the vegan ice cream!  I'm always opting for the aforementioned sweets!  If I ever get to one, I will review again... They also do sundaes and live music on Sunday nights.For dinner, walk across the parking lot to Green Pastures.  See my review for this restaurant as well.
5	Nice place for sit down, read books, calm chat, and the desserts and everything were perfect!
3	If I was vegan, I would probably give this place 5 stars. I usually come here if I have a vegetarian or vegan friend that I'm trying to accommodate. Their tsoynamis are great and the brunch is also really good. I don't like that they stop serving food so early and only have baked goods (especially when Green is closed!). Not very much seating but you are able to go over to Green if it's open. I'm not trying to put extra visits to Green into my schedule, but I'm not declining either.
5	Went this past Sunday for brunch. Got the biscuits and gravy. Freaking PHENOMENAL. I will definitely be going back. Try everything on the menu has officially been added to my life goals.
5	Only 10 min away from walking distant.This is really really really good, also really really really bad.I am almost finished with trying each soynami.... So far and not a fan of the one with banana.YET EVERYTHING is.... just... just good. Place me on top of a Swiss alp let me sing, dance, and exclaiming goodness oozing. Also i can eat one and not feel lik I am creating havoc for my metabolism to compensate.RL:NOTE: Oddly takes an unusually amount of time to get into my hands. 10min?Worth the wait, worth the walk, worth the extra chocolate ;)
2	They're getting sloppy.While I appreciate the novelty of vegan ice cream (which, most store bought brands are better) with various mix-ins, and vegan baked goods, there is a lot to complain about.Their facebook touts Hot Fudge Sundays in which affogatos and hot fudge sundaes are $2. We went there and asked for a hot fudge sundae and were met with confusion by the barista who brought over the other girl who explained that they "do not have sundaes but we can put hot fudge on an ice cream cup." What? Is that not a sundae?! Did you not have this posted on your facebook as a special? They're doing a poor job of making their staff aware. Additionally, the more I get tsoynamis, the more they're screwed up. They often will leave out ingredients or sometimes change them completely. This is a VERY big deal because I am gluten-intolerant... If I order a GF tsoynami, what is the risk they will add a non-GF ingredient and I won't notice until I ingest a bit?I don't know... Maybe I am over the novelty, or maybe they're just getting sloppy.
5	World class right here. World fuckin class. This shit is unbelievable. The best pastries I've ever had in my life. Way over the top. Way to be Chef.
5	Soynami...delicious.......
5	WOW.. to be honest WOWI thought I had some good vegetarian food before, but this place owns it all. Best Mock meat i have ever had! My fiancee got the mock chicken, (some noodle dish, i forget the name, but it was around the top of the menu), I got a tofu version of the spicy noodle bowl (whatever their name was i forget, i will know it if i see it)Needless to say i really enjoyed each dish. I would love to try other things on their menu and I think...no i KNOW we will be back some time too.Their coffee shop is freakn awesome, which is next door. I got a drink there, my fiancee got some vegan pastries after me telling her don't cause i never had a good one before.Well i was wrong they were pretty good cookies...(though i don't like to mention it too often). the coffee was great too. It helps when you have friendly fun baristas working. No snobs here. just people who love their jobs. (unless you are the jerk who comes i and tries to start something)
4	tsoynamis (which you an get at both green locations too) are delicious!my boyfriend thoroughly devoured all the other goodies we got with me barely getting a taste - but they were pretty good! especially the butterscotch marshmallow squares.they also make donuts on weds and sunday - i wish we could have tried them!
4	Vegan blizzards! Their tsyonamis are consistently good and you won't miss the dairy. I especially enjoy the cookie dough one, so much that I haven't tried too many others. The staff is always friendly and they even offered to split our tsyonami so my husband and I could share.
2	So, it was just okay ice cream. My biggest complaint was not that. It was actually.... the spoons. I don't want rough wood on my tongue. There I said that phrase out loud, and I would actually not eat there again just because of the coarse wooden spoons. I wasn't the only one in our birthday group that made the, It-feels-like-I-just-licked-a-napkin face. In fact, one of the girls' spoon snapped in two while trying to scoop some of the gummy chocolate out of hers. She threw the almost full cup now with splinter sprinkles away.I've had better ice cream at Baskin Robbins and made no spoon induced grimaces while doing it.
5	How can you not like Nami? Delicious pastries, brunch, coffee, and killer service. Need I say more? I visit this place often and I love their yogurt parfait! Please go. Enjoy some sweets paired with a hot cup of coffee and take all your friends there.
5	NOTHING LIKE THIS PLACE ANYWHERE!!! i always have to get a different tsoynami when i come to phoenix. i crave this year round and look forward to coming back to phoenix almost solely to visit nami. it is soooooooooo delicious. this time i had a betterfinger tsoynami with chick-o-sticks in it. to die for. amazing.
1	Tsoynamis are one of my favorite foods in the world. I'm lactose intolerant and love blizzards, so it's a match made in heaven. I go to Green a lot as I live nearby, and have never felt unwelcome there, so I had no reason to think I'd feel that way about their sister joint, Nami. So after a disappointing dinner at Nobou at Teeter House in downtown phx, bf and I were excited to turn our night around with dessert at Nami when we realized we were super close to it and it was still open (since Green would have been closed by the time we got there). Their hours posted indicate they close at 9:30pm on Fridays, and we arrived at 9:20 after calling to confirm they were still open. We walked in, and there were a few groups of people sitting and leisurely enjoying their ice cream and baked goods. We walked up to the counter and bf knew what he wanted right away (s'mores tsoynami with pb added...SO good!). I, on the other hand, needed a minute to decide since they had a huge bakery case filled with things I never see at Green and wanted to try out, in addition to the full tsoynami menu. I asked a few questions, which the light-haired woman working there was happy to answer. She disappeared to make bf's tsoynami, though, and we were then met with an icy stare and complete annoyance by the dark-haired woman working there. I like to give people the benefit of the doubt, and hey, it's Friday night and she probably wanted to close up so she could go out. But it wasn't even 9:30, and she had zero interest in making this customer happy. I said I was debating between a cookie and a tsoynami, while she rolled her eyes and continued to tap her fingers on the counter. Her response, rather than a suggestion or recommendation for something to order, was, "We close in five minutes." Ok? I know that already? Why wouldn't you just try to hurry us along in a constructive way, rather than making me feel afraid to ask you any questions about your products?She continued to sigh and look around, willing us to disappear, and honestly I wish we would have left right then. But we were starving, and I really wanted to enjoy one of their delicious looking treats. I decided in my head that I wanted a tsoynami, but I was way too afraid to have that lady actually prepare something for me as I was pretty sure she would spit in it, in addition to the length of time it would have taken to prepare which surely would have put us over her 5-minute limit. I said I'd take the cookie, to get us out of there sooner. We still had to wait another minute for bf's tsoynami to be finished, and felt her stare us down the whole time. Mind you, there are still parties of other customers at tables still lingering. We were definitely NOT responsible for keeping them open, but we sure were made to feel that way!I don't care how tasty your treats are, I would never EVER go back there...who wants to leave a dessert place with such a sour taste in their mouth? I will be getting all of my future tsoynamis at Green, where they never make me feel like I'm doing something wrong by asking questions or spending a minute debating between a few items.
4	After stuffing ourselves at Green, my husband and I walked over to Nami to top off our meal. We each ordered a Tsoynami. I had the Cookies 'n' Cream and my husband had Coffee Coco Loco. The Tsoynamis where huge but they were so good and not overly rich like whole milk ice cream. The added ingredients were plentiful and I had cookie pieces and chocolate syrup in every bite. The wooden spoons wigged us out a little, but we worked through it.After sitting in Nami eating our Tsoynamis, we couldn't resist getting a few items to go. My husband was excited to find Ethiopian whole coffee beans at a great price ($10). I got a Nami cake--a chocolate cupcake reminiscent of the traditional Hostess variety with white cream filling and chocolate frosting. My first vegan cupcake and such a great one to start with. We also got a delicious looking oatmeal cream pie cookie that was equally delicious. There were so many cupcakes and delicious baked goods to choose from, it was hard to decide. I think Nami will become a regular stop every time we go to Green.
4	Came here to meet my tutor for some late night studying + ice cream. The ice cream was awesome and they had a ton of things to mix in - delicious! Someone nearby got some curry thing that smelled amazing - really interested in trying some of the food and tofu selections. Looks good! I'd definitely be back sooner if I didn't live so far.
5	The tsoynami's here are delicious. I had the almond oy-vay: coconut, chocolate syrup and almonds. My friend made her own with peanut butter, coconut and chocolate cookies.  Both were really good and pretty large for $4.50. We also tried the chocolate baked donut and the granola. The donut was okay, the granola had lots of cashews and cinnamon and was really tasty. Definitely the highlight was the tsoynamis i wouldnt come back for the test. Yeah the people working there could be friendlier but it wont stop me from coming back.
4	rocky road, yum!! I am not vegan, not vegetarian, (considering...) this place helps put a check in the pro's of being vegan for my debate.  It would help ease the pain of not having ice cream, because it was very very good.
5	Affogato yum!
5	Recently I found out I'm allergic to eggs.  I thought my sweets-loving life was over... That is until my friend brought me to Nami just around the corner from my home.They have so many baked goods that are completely vegan - that means no eggs!  They are good too.  I've attempted to make eggless goodies and most of them do not come out well.  Nami has many selections such as snickerdoodles and chocolate chip cookies.  Most recently, I had a tsoynami with cookie dough and other chocolately goodness in it.  It was one of the best desserts ever!  I'm happy to know I can cruise over on my bike the next time I have a sweet tooth rather than having to make something myself.
5	Peanut butter and jelly is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Very tasty vegan ice cream... tasted incredibly creamy, with a vanilla and coconut base. I loved it. I got the thin mint ice cream and I relished in every bite.They also use wooden spoons, which are a weird dry texture on  your mouth, but still pretty neat.Would definitely go back.
4	Good stuff all around!
5	Nami = Nummy, enough said!
5	Their banana tsoynami is amazing.  Seriously, I'm not 100% sure if there is crack in the banana tsoynami (is crack vegan?) but it's that addictive!  It's a little bit pricey, but who cares?!?  Yum!!
4	I was introduced by a friend and got a "banana cream pie"! in love forever! I also love the red velvet cupcake! (when its in stock). Service there is usually always nice and prompt, this evening the girl working wasn't as friendly as I am used to the other girls working there but that isn't going to make me rate less because I am addicted, muhahahahha!
4	Items sampled across visits:Deez Hazelnuts Tsoynami - Hazelnut Brittle, Dark Chocolate Bar, Chocolate FudgePumpkin Pie Tsoynami - Pumpkin Puree, Pumpkin Spice, Vanilla Wafers, Maple Syrup, Whipped CreamBetterfinger Tsoynami - Chick o Stick, Chocolate Chip, Buttercrunch SyrupSnicker FudgeZucchini DonutBlueberry FritterBlueberry Cream Cheese TurnoverGluten Free Yankee DoodleNamicakeCinnamon RollRed Velvet Champagne CupcakeCoffeeMaple BarNami-o DonutChick o Stick DonutSmiley Face PancakesHaving admitted my fondness for baked goods and a perhaps odd fascination with vegan pastry it was only a matter of time before I visited nami - in part due to the aforementioned interests and good word of mouth from a vegetarian friend and in part due to its location just down the street - but little did I know just how good it would turn out to be...or how many times I'd visit (Three to be exact, the most recent being a breakfast with friends on 12/30/12.)Owned by Damon Brasch and operated on a daily basis by what seems to be a collection of cute college girls that you might see at Whole Foods or a local Co-Op, most of the things that nami does it does very well, perhaps most surprisingly their vegan take on the Blizzard entitled 'tsoynami,' the rich soy-based ice cream lacking any hint of "soy" and fixed with any number of mix-ins, some menu staples and other seasonal.  Available 7:00am to 9:30pm I've had them at both ends of the spectrum and honestly prefer them to any frozen "shake" I've had save for, perhaps, the concretes at Shake Shack - the pumpkin was particularly excellent as part of breakfast.Moving to the baked goods, as much as I wanted to like the donuts I just could not, save for the baked zucchini version and the dense blueberry fritters.  Perhaps it was the glaze or perhaps the actual batter but something about each of them harkened that 'beany' flavor that turns so many off to soy based vegan foods.  More impressive, perhaps due to the intense sweetness or a different glaze, the cinnamon roll was a much better choice, as was the turnover with a light flakey shell, sweet whipped soy, and fresh blueberry puree.Moving on to the rest - I think it is safe to say that anything nami makes with chocolate is a safe bet - the rich organic tablets behind the bar likely 70% cocoa or better and a dominant flavor whether in a tsoynami, drizzled on a pancake, baked into a moist cupcake, or best of all made into dense "snickers" fudge that trumps the original by miles.Last, and certainly not least, for those who don't want chocolate - and all the more so for those unfortunate enough to be gluten intolerant (the real sort, not the trendy Hollywood stuff,) get the Yankee Doodle - a nearly quarter pound snicker doodle sandwich with dense, creamy filling, that is better than any snickerdoodle I've had elsewhere - vegan, veg, gluten free, or otherwise.
2	I'm not really sure what the big deal is with this place. It's fine but nothing really tastes better than you can get anywhere else... it just costs more.It's not the kinda place that you want to go and just hang out as there is nowhere comfortable to sit and it's really small.
5	Man!  The ice cream here is better than real ice cream!  Get the chocolate mint ice cream.  So amazing!  And affordable!
5	As I never expected a vegan restaurant (Green) to have the best hamburger I've tried, I felt the same about cheesecake.I almost didn't bother ordering it. I mean it's main ingredients are eggs and dairy. But this was delicious! Sweet but not too sweet, rich, creamy....I've had cupcakes, Tsoynami's, cookies. It's all good. You can't go wrong regardless of what you order.I even had gluten free biscuits and gravy here. Just like mom makes!
4	Prickly pear iced tea, I REPEAT TRY THE PRICKLY PEAR ICED TEA. RIGHT. NOW. The chai tea blew my mind, might have surpassed Lux's (just might have). Tried an apple fritter ball and went to heaven! Okay on a serious note, this is a cute little vegan coffee shop that provides vegan pastries, ice cream (yes to my lactose intolerant friends!), and food. The shop is cute, the two girls that were running the show behind the counter were kickin butt and takin names since they were slammed and they were super helpful to us Nami virgins (my husband and I). We will definitely be back to try the ice cream because we kept on drooling seeing all the people walk by with these amazing looking cups nestled in their hands. OH JYAHHHH.....
2	A good friend always raves about this place so I decided to meet her there for a dessert & chat this afternoon. The Coffee Coco Loco tSoynami was just OK. Cappuccino was average. Conversation with a good friend is what made this visit special. 2 Stars and nothing more. Cheers***
4	Had a Banana Cream Pie tSoynami and it was delicious, and grabbed a Vegan Victory Bar and even though it had a dark green color to it, it was still great to top off my Calexico Burger from Green next door...I'm def coming here more often
5	Love this place!  I am not a vegan but they have the best treats in Phoenix. This is a Coffee Shop and Bakery all in one place.  I have been here a couple times and never disappointed.  They have these sinfully delicious treats called tSoynami.  They use a house-made organic soy based, tsoft tserve ice cream and you can choose your goodies.  I tried Cookie Dough tSoynami and oh my was this good!  You have ice cream, cookie dough and some chocolate sauce.  I am getting hungry just thinking about this.  Soy Captain is another favorite.  Vegan Captain Crunch and strawberries....tastes like you are having a bowl of cereal!  Nami does have a great selection of baked goodies.  They have my favorite Snickerdoodles.  I could eat these all day!
5	It's close to my work, so anytime I want ice cream, I go here (even though Coldstone is closer). They have awesome flavors. My favorites are the coffee coco loco and there is a special cookie dough one...Awesome. The people that work there are really nice, and if you have a million questions about what kind of cinnamon they use in their cookies, they won't get mad and they'll actually answer. The only downside is the tiny parking lot for Nami+Green, but you can usually make do.
4	Had the cookie dough ice cream and espresso shake (it's not on the menu, but you can request it). Both were good. The cookie dough chunks were HUGE, and the espresso shake was what you expect it to taste like. The portion size for the ice cream is pretty big. One order is share-able in my opinion.
4	While you can find some of my favorites added to my post for Green I just tried an affogoto and I am hooked. I LOVE straight espresso so found myself eating spoon fulls of it straight but by the time i got to the bottom of my cup all that was left was tons of syrup. Next time I'll mix it all up and make myself a vegan flurry for sure. My friend Mariah works in here, if you see her or any of the staff you'll be greeted with a smile and the owners the man too. Definitely come in here for some vegan deliciousness but be ready for the post soy gas as well. Suggestions include peanutbutter chocolate bars, peanut butter frosted banana muffins, tsoynamis, and as stated above AFFOGOTOS! Oh one more tip, if you like chai get their desert haboob ;)
4	Very fun place!  Vegan ice cream is such a novel idea, and they do it well.  I had the chai tiramisu tSoynami and my sister had the almond oy vey.  It was my birthday, so she let me swap with her because I liked hers a lot better!
5	Sunday brunch is simply amazing. Im a regular there for sure. Girls know my name and always compliment me. They're super friendly and has great customer service. The place is Super chill and great atmosphere.  I love their freah sunflowers they have around the shop.their drinks and food are phenomenal.  Whatever you order on the menu,  you wont go wrong!!!!
5	I've been here a few times, most recently for brunch! I've been meaning to try their breakfast items considering how much I love their tSoynamis and Green. The set up is a little confusing. I didn't realize that you have to order at Nami, but have the choice of sitting there or at Green next door. We opted to sit at Green, since there's much more space. One of my friends who is a strict vegan, suggested the biscuits and gravy-and almost everyone in my party ordered it. I haven't had biscuits and gravy since going meat free a few years ago so I was pretty excited about it! I also ordered their pumpkin spice mocha. It tasted like a holiday in a cup. So, so delicious.Our order arrived not long after we got our table at Green, so service was quite quick! Our food was quite tasty! They have the market cornered on that dish! I can't find another place that has a vegetarian friendly b&g! Even my boyfriend who is a big meat eater thought it tasted good! The scramble was alright, I think I expected it to taste more like eggs than the veggie taco meat that I make at home (we're probably using the same seasonings-who knows!) It was still good, just not what I was expecting. The potatoes were phenom! Perfectly crisp on the outside! Yum.  Looking forward to a return visit! Green and Nami are two of the best vegan spots in the area!
3	I needed to update the review as the BF and I rode bikes here yesterday to get a dessert (clearly we needed a reward for our exercise :-P). We got the Elvis cupcake and it was just not good. The frosting had crystals in it....like sugar crystals I guess.....it was grainy and too sweet. The cake was bland. It was just not good at all and very disappointing. Also, if you get it to go, they put it in a cup with a lid, which is fine and kind of a cute idea, but ended up in a smashed cupcake due to the bumpy ride home.  I guess the coffee is still good, but I was just unimpressed yesterday....I can't say I would go back any time soon.
4	I've been meaning to check out nami for a while now so we finally popped in this past Sunday as we are doing a vegan challenge. They have really yummy vegan desserts! If you are thinking of using the wifi though its pretty spotty but otherwise a great place to chill! On Sunday evenings they have live music as well which is nice.
2	i came here for the Sunday brunch in July when my boyfriend visited me. i got the benedict arnold plate and he got wing ding dang plate.the tofu scramble that comes with every meal tastes only of tumeric. not good. they need to throw some kala namak in there to give it more of an authentic egg flavor. the hash potatoes were okay - they really needed ketchup but no ketchup was to be found.i tried one of my boyfriend's wings and it was one of the foulest things i have ever tasted. there was way too much vinegar in the sauce. yet, he still somehow loved them. i'm convinced that boy has no taste whatsoever.i've never had nonvegan hollandaise sauce so i have nothing to compare it to, but the hollandaise sauce that came on my plate just tasted like mustard to me. which, i imagine, is not the way hollandaise is supposed to taste.despite all this, the donuts are TO DIE FOR. I got a maple bar and ohhhhhh my god! it tasted just like the real deal! i don't know WHAT they make their canadian bacon out of, but it is the best dang canadian bacon i have EVER had! it tastes JUST like regular ham! on your way out, they also have some refreshing complimentary cucumber water which i really enjoyed. i wish i could give this place more stars simply for being an all-vegan restaurant, but the food is either hit or miss. would i come here again? absolutely. but probably just for the amazing donuts and canadian bacon. :^)
5	Tsoynami! Oh Em Gee, delicious. Really good brunch on Sundays, with interesting and tasty specials (sweet cauliflower breakfast curry, what?!).Pretty attentive and pleasant staff (lack of comma ambiguity).  Can get crowded and loud indoors during peak brunch hours, but there's a significant amount of outdoor seating if the noise is bothersome. Also, multiple sriracha sightings. Sleep well knowing that although those doughnuts and tsoynami aren't helping your waistline, they also aren't directly supporting an industry of cruelty.
5	By far some of the best food in Phoenix, AZ is served here.  Their food is well prepared, fresh and always delicious!! Excellent place to fill up on even if your in a bit of a hurry.  Stop here and try it, you will not regret you did.
5	Amazing vegan sweets! Love their Sunday brunch! Highly recommend.  Note: it does get loud and overrun by hipsters, but the food is still well worth it.
5	Was recommended to try this place out per my new yelp friend Christine. Came here for brunch and have to admit that their Carmel latte w/almond milk is by far better than Starbucks! We couldn't leave without getting their famous tSoynami (clunky monkey), can't believe it was dairy free...YUM!!!
4	Great little place! Nice to see something different like this in Arizona. The sister restaurant next door is excellent.Had a soy-ft serve sundae, awesome. Had an iced coffee, so delighted by all the options for vegan-friendly milk (soy, almond, rice, etc). Great place, good luck!1 thing - the wood spoons, while I'm sure are biodegradable and all, have a weird texture with the ice cream (at least for me). I think those spoons just kind of freak me out. I didn't ask for plastic or metal, I'm sure they would have accommodated.
5	I was so excited when Nami opened. It's a great compliment to the already amazing Green. Nami has pretty much everything you'd want in terms of sweet as a vegan. Great pastries,coffee,doughnuts, and ice cream treats as well as a rotating Sunday brunch. I've never had a bad thing at this place and that's no exaggeration.It can get pretty crowded in there during peak hours but honestly the service is fast enough that I never worry.Check this place out for sure.
5	Those of us who are living the dairy free way, whether by choice or allergy, miss ice cream. Any one who says otherwise is lying - especially in the depths of Arizona summer.So, when your 110 degree world is enlightened by dairy free ice cream that doesn't taste like saw dust and veggie particles, you're likely willing to join a cult just to keep Nami in your life. Though that isn't necessary, yet.The space downtown is small and parking can be a problem, but it's worth every kind of inconvenience.But at the end of the day, they put pretzels  in soft serve ice cream. So, Five Stars.
4	Good stuff but room for improvement. There is no "wow" factor to their stuff. Wish they had all the toppings/choices listed to make it easier. I still think the Chocolate Sorbet at Sweet Republic tops Nami's choices.
5	I'm not a vegan, I'm not a vegetarian. Who am I kidding, I go to filibertos five times a week and eat chicken nuggets every minute.I tend to stay away from vegan/vegetarian food because its fake - meat like items and that makes me even more nervous than whatever saw dust that's in my chicken nuggets. HOWEVER, nami is GREAT. All their food was delicious and the BLIZZARD. DEAR GOD, THE BLIZZARD/ICECREAM. As a self-certified icecream expert, this is hands down, the best ice cream I have ever had in my entire life. That includes my travels in other countries, through different states, and raiding the entire freezer section of my local Fry's. The taste is great, the price is great, the texture is - wow, the texture is fantastic. I had my doubts but it was delicious. If it was closer to me I would buy it every day.
5	Delish espresso drinks, yummy cupcakes, and soy soft serve so good it passes for real soft serve with the pickiest critic - my 4 year old daughter!Here's the deal - I used to be vegan YEARS ago so I am perhaps more open to places that specialize in vegetarian/vegan.  However, I don't SEEK out vege places anymore because now I am back to eating everything (see my review on the Pork Dip from St. Francis if you're skeptical).I decided to check this place out because they have a modern vibe to it and all they do is coffee and desserts. I've passed it every Saturday for the past year and have always been drawn in by their clever signage. I had NO idea they were an "alternative" cafe until I walked in and checked the menu. This place has incredible baked goods and they do a great job with the coffee. That's pretty much all I need to be happy :) For starters, it's hard to find a good espresso spot in Phoenix. Secondly, I remember that with the vegan-restricted diet my general rule of thumb was if I was eating out and the food tasted good - it was probably not vegan. This place has just perfected sweet treats that are gluten and dairy free which just makes me even more impressed with it. This is definitely getting bookmarked as my cafe/bakery go-to when I'm in central Phoenix.
4	I usually only come to Nami for dessert...their delicious Tsoynamis. Today, I came for the vegan Sunday brunch in honour of a friend's birthday. I tried the new special,  the Waffly Tamaffle and it was delicious! Will definitely be eating brunch here again. Back to the desserts...Tsoynamis are the perfect treat for any day! My favourites are the banana wafer flavour and the betterfinger. I'm not vegan, but I love it here, especially when the weather is nice and you can sit on the patios. Sometimes parking can be a hassle if Green is too busy but it's worth it. I've yet to try their vegan donuts, maybe next time!
5	I just discovered their AFFOGATO! It's divine! No, really. I have no words for how fantastic it is. I will never sleep again.
2	Here is the deal with Nami. I like you, I do but you just aren't friendly.  I have been in there multiple times and I would love to buy multiple things but I feel like I am bothering all of you. Tonight I asked a question about ice cream.  I wanted enough to take home for me and my roommate to share AND have some for the weekend.  But you never let me get there and I ended up with a cup full of ice cream for just him.My advice would be take the time to find out what someone wants completely before checking out of the conversation.  And don't look complete pissed when I ask you what something is. It makes me feel like I am bothering you and it makes you look like a jerk.I will say if there was another place to go that had everything you did I would never go to you again until you changed your wicked ways.
4	Not a vegetarian or vegan, but I LOVE this place.  The food is amazing enough to convert a carnivore. Recommend to all my friends!
5	Oh my goodness! I went here for the first time tonight and got a Mystery Mash Tsoynami.. I love the service, and my treat was deeeeeelicious!! I'll definitely be coming back
5	Vegan frozen yogurt. need i say more?! It's fracking delicious, dont even question the "vegan" aspect of it. go go go!
4	My only complaint is that they only have brunch on Sundays.
5	The best place for dietary restrictive date nights! If you don't have any dairy issues, you'll still love this place. Sooo good! Good things take time, so be prepared for your yummy to take a bit of time. It's made when you order.
2	Okay, so as a meat eater I came with a TOTALLY open mind having ADORED Green off of Scottsdale Rd. I guess I was expecting a restaurant, but this is DEFINITELY more like a coffee shop or a much much worse version of Lux. My girls and I went for brunch and were very excited, unfortunately the food was NOWHERE near the caliber of what is served at Green. My girls had some parfait thing, and a donut while I had a bagel with cream cheese and an Italian soda. My bagel and cream cheese were tasty but ABSOLUTELY bland, no chives, no onion, no nothing to spice this bad boy up. My girls said the donut was dry and revolting and the parfait was nothing she couldn't make at home with yoplait and some granola. I have been WAITING to go here with my boyfriend and decided for a sneak peak and I'm glad my boyfriend didn't come because he would have been SO disappointed. For now, only Green is on the radar. It got two stars because the girl taking our order was very gracious and sweet.We promptly finished our food and then drove over to America's for street tacos and Vampiro's. Sorry Nami.
5	they close at 9pm instead of 9:30pm but haven't updated yelp with the coreect time. they are open 11-9 monday thru saturday. the menu looks great...i'm looking forward to eating here.
5	Mmmmmmmm, need I say more?  You had  The Hubs at "vegan blizzard" and did not disappoint.
5	YUMMY!! As a lactose intolerant person this is my go-to place for ice cream cravings and milk shakes. Can't go wrong with the dough boy tsoynami! It may be a 15 minute drive from my house, but it is SO worth it. You will not be disappointed!
5	I can't believe it !!!  Just what I was Praying for , A Vegan house near me that actually taste good WAAASS UP !!  Nami just started new breakfast Items that are wicked good . If your close to me When I say lets go to the SPOT you know I mean Nami - Or it's sister  "Greens" next door .....
5	Holy yumminess!!!! Ok so I'm a meat eater, but prefer my veggies and this place would totally turn me into a vegan if I only knew how to make their dishes. We have been frequenting this place for Sunday brunch and working our way to sample the entire menu. My absolute fave is the sage sausage  hash as you can't even tell it's vegan and it is perfectly seasoned. Make sure you save room for the tsoynami. I am the biggest froyo fan but this tsoynami goodness has totally turned my world of icy food upside down. It's honestly the best frozen dessert I've had although I really have to slow down cause as healthy as it is being tofu/soy based all that extra sugar from all the toppings do not make it easier on this hip and I will still end up looking like a vegan fat whale.
4	Great customer service! Sunday brunch biscuits n gravy was good. I was in hurry so ill have to try a tsoynami next time. Prices are decent for vegan/vegetarian.  The only bad thing is that the parking is horrible! Looking forward to the next visit!
5	Really great products and really great ideas executed with love and care. The staff are friendly. The atmosphere is fun but relaxed. Prices are fair.
5	Ok. Since I've become completely and totally addicted to tsoynamis, it's only fair that I update my review. At least once a week I find myself craving a tsoynami. Even my boyfriend, who is adamantly against vegan and soy products, has fallen in love with the tsoynamis and often accompanies me on my trips to get them. These desserts are also HUGE. For $4.50, you can easily split it between two people. I usually like to eat my own so I can bask in my gluttonous glory. All of the baked goods are also excellent. I have not been disappointed by anything I've had here. I've been converted to a Nami believer!
3	There stuff is good from what I tried. The staff should be more attentive though. Be prepaired to wait forever in line and hours to recieve the few things you did order. They should have a better process... will be going again because ya there. Stuff is good.
5	The coffee coco loco tsoynami is the only thing I've tried here, and it's amazing enough to warrant 5 stars. I'm sure the other treats are wonderful, but this is all I need.
5	I love ice cream! I have loved ice cream since I was old enough to taste food. When I decided to change my diet to plant based I wasn't sure if I would be able to enjoy ice cream. This place make my dreams come true. I forget it's not made out of dairy. All I know is that it is delicious. Many different varieties for everyone to enjoy copies, pastries, and some simple menu items. I go to Green next door and come here for ice cream afterwards.
5	Wow their soynamis are amazing . Seriously can't tell it's vegan at all, so rich with flavors ! I had their carrot cake one pmg omg perfect mix of cake soy nami and white choco.    I'm not vegan but have friend and family with lactose allergy and gluetin allergy , but their selections of baked goods are fantastic as well.     I wish I can make it myself.  Tried their lactose free gluten free cheese cake and was fantAstic. Wow definitely my new fav. Spot is so cute, artsy and warm green feel.  Next time I'm going to try their pumpkin soynami and their breakfasts, I'm sure they will be great.     Service was awesome, friendly and knowledgable about ingredients :).   5 stars!
4	I stop by Nami every single time I eat at Green next door. I have had about 5 of their baked goods. My favorite is the Lavender Cookies (light and yummy!) and my second favorite is their Pumpkin Pie (flaky and just enough sweetness). The ones I didn't like was the white chocolate Gluten Free Cookies because they were super hard and too sweet. The compost bar was suuuuuuper sweet. If you like sweet, than I recommend these, but it was too sweet for me. Of course the Tsoynami(s) are crazy good. Surprisingly, the peanut butter/chocolate is simple, but delish! I love the Almond Quixote! They are kind of big for me, so I always share with a friend. The most exciting part is that EVERYTHING is VEGAN! That is the best part since I am vegan. I am so happy that they opened this in Phoenix. The decor is super modern and neat. I love chillin' with my friends and hanging out here. I am going again soon!
4	Right next door to Green so afterward I took my boys for "ice cream". Fantastic! Still not sure what we had but we all loved it. Price was great too, $8 bucks for all 3 of us. I noticed other Yelpers complained about the service but our experience was great. Very accommodating and they even made chocolate chip (not on menu) for us.
4	I have friends who have been raving about this place, so when we were with them recently, we decided to stop in and try out Nami.  My bf and I were right in the middle of a 30-day vegan challenge and beginning to miss desserts... Bring on the tSoynami! This is a soft serve, soy-based blizzard type of dessert.  They mix in just about anything you can imagine and its all vegan!  I had the cookie dough; bf had the mixed berries.  We got huge portions (I didn't finish mine) and they were both delicious.  They have a great looking pastry case (vegan donuts?!) that I did not indulge in this stop.  I decided I needed an afternoon pick me up, so I got myself a caramel mockiato as I saw they house make their vegan caramel. That caramel was amazing and the soy milk was frothed up to perfection! Wayyy better than anything you've ever had at Starbucks!  I can't imagine any ways to improve... Vegan desserts abound and the tastiest coffee.  Their breakfast and brunch menu looks amazing too.  Next time I'm downtown for breakfast, this place will be in mind!
5	So I come here any chance I get and figure it's about time I give back some love.This place is amazing.I usually come for the tsoynamis, which are never disappointing. Better than real, dairy-based ice cream!! They have great treats and baked goods, smooth espresso, and friendly staff. Never have I had a bad experience here.  You won't regret it! Promise!
5	Nami is great.  I went there twice during a recent trip to Arizona and would have returned if I was there longer.  It was so difficult to decide which tsoynami to order, as they all sounded amazing.  I ended up trying the Rocky Road and the Fluffernutterin'.  Both were delicious.  My only (small) complaint was that the soft serve was a bit icy.  I also tried a couple of their baked good (wish I could have tried more) and was very happy with both - the cookie dough cupcake and the cookie layer cake.  Both were moist and chocolatey with amazing frosting.  If you are vegan in the Phoenix area, go to Nami!
5	The Tsoynamis are amazing!! you have to try one! *&^# Dairy queen and others alike! Vegan soft serve mixed with heeps of junk is the only way to go! Their brunch is also quite impressive. They always have a Tofu scramble and hash potatoes accompany your meals, but their meals themselves are quite impressive. I Love this place!
5	My wife and I visit here as often as we can for donuts and tsoynamis.  The staff is always super nice.  The downside is the small space and the limited parking, so we try to visit at less-busy times.
5	Came here on a whim on the way home from getting an early morning haircut. I was hungry, saw a coffee shop and pulled in. Had no idea it was a vegan coffee shop! The pastries looked amazing, and I got a vegan sausage breakfast burrito. Was awesome. I would recommend this place to all my friends, vegans and non-vegans alike
4	I didn't realize that Nami is the coffeehouse arm of Green. I came for breakfast (okay it might have been more like lunch) and was overwhelmed with the choice of baked goods. I got a pour over coffee (which I wasn't all that wowed by, but it was good), the huevos rancheros, and a blueberry fritter. I definitely didn't need all that food but I had to try it all. The blueberry fritter was awesome. Nami definitely does a great job with their vegan baked goods. The vegan huevos rancheros was an interesting take on the classic dish. It had hash browns, chili-spiced black beans, tofu, and some kind of mystery bean or protein that I couldn't figure out what it was.Nevertheless it was all pretty good. Not to mention, the place was packed, which is always a good sign. However, don't go there on a weekend expecting to get a seat. Very limited seating and for all the people there, it was a slim chance. Especially with loners like me taking up a whole table.
2	Stopped in for a couple coffee drinks around noon, on a week day. Only 2 other people in the place. The cashier didn't even say hello or make eye contact. I felt like I was bothering her. The latte I received was not good, my husbands drink was though. I wanted to see what kind of food/snacks they had, but in reality I'll probably never be back.
5	I love Nami! I love their breakfast, I love their desserts, I love their coffee! The only thing that could make Nami better is if they had a location closer to my house. Even if that never happens Ill still make the drive :)
4	Met 3 friends here for what I thought was supposed to be coffee but turned out it was supposed to be lunch. Fitting that I came in confused, because the menu here is the most confusing I've ever seen. Chalkboard, display items, a few specials hand written on signs, and a print menu hidden behind the cash register so we didn't find it until we had waited in line and tried to make our choices from the scribbled notes. They would do well to have one readily available printed menu with all offerings. So we had 2 GF folks and they got the zebra donut and loved it. I got a bagel with herb cream cheese and it was yum. Later we saw the table next to us eating grits and it looked so good we ordered one to share. Very tasty and filling.
5	So adorable and delicious treats! I am not a vegan but the tsoynami is delicious. Great customer service and great atmosphere :)
1	I'm not 100% sold on Nami. They do the farmers market on Saturday they have this bad habit of parking their little Nami mobile on the sidewalk. Blocking the on ramp. Causing pedestrian and bicycles to have to go around them. It's a total disregard for anything and anyone else. I understand having to move around objects in the road. But not on a sidewalk.
5	The ice cream is great, even though they have somehow defied logic and left out all dairy items. Bravo. I'll be back to this cool neighborhood spot.
4	LOVE pretty much everything here.  The dirty horchata, and Big Ole burrito are my favorites. Picture a creamy horchata frap with espresso, sooooo good on a hot day.
5	Everything here is awesome. Good coffee good baked treats, and their tsoynami frozen desserts are amazing. The betterfinger is delicious and what my dreams are made of. Plus everyone who works here is really nice and also super babes.
5	Nami is hands down my absolute favorite dessert establishment in all of PhoenixHere are a couple of words to describe Nami's tsoynami...YummyDeliciousWonderfulHeaven in a cupThe perfect dessertThe tsoynami's are home made vegan soy ice cream which you can choose several different topping options with...There are several fruit flavors as well as their own creations... They are all extremely delicious but I think my top 3 are as follows...1- Dough Boychocolate chip cookie dough and organic chocolate2-NO's 'n' Mintnewman's chocolate O's, mint flavor, organic chocolate3- Clunky Monkey (GF)fresh banana, organic pecans, organic chocolateThe customer service at Nami is wonderful as each employee is very friendly and knowledgable of the menu but they also provide very helpful tips Also, the cookies are fabulous, the cakes are scrumptious, and the coffee is perfect...
4	Quick takeout service and the Oatmeal cream cookie was so much better than I expected. Made me realize I can eat plant based without giving up flavor.
4	Come for breakfast, but come back for the desserts.  A co-worker of mine and her husband are steadfast vegetarians and fell in love with this place almost as fast as they fell in love with Green next door.  This place is owned and run by the same owners as Green, and the space is small just like its counterpart.  Whereas Green is more of a lunch and dinner spot, Nami is more of a breakfast/dessert spot.  We got here around 10am on a Saturday morning and by the time we sat down, it was packed.  Not surprising given how many vegans and vegetarians live around Downtown.My co-worker recommended I get the biscuits and gravy.  I saw a couple of cupcakes that caught my eye in the pastry case (cookie dough cupcake and red velvet cupcake) so I got those and an OJ too.  As with Green, you order at the counter and seat yourselves.  Total for all of my food was $20.  Food came out to us in less than 10 minutes.  Let me first go into the cupcakes.  I've had vegan cupcakes before at Treehouse Bakery just west of here, and these were equally delicious.  The frosting on both was dense, but creamy and decadent.  The cake itself was actually more dense than Treehouse's which made eating two pretty tough, but it was worth it.  As for the biscuits and gravy, I actually loved the tofu eggs as they put enough spice and herbs on those to make me forget I was eating tofu.  It didn't have the texture of an egg at all, but it was still great.  The home fries were also tasty and crispy and light.  As for the biscuits and gravy itself, mixed reactions on this one.  There was a lot of onion on my gravy which seemed to be a little bit of overkill.  The biscuits were also a little dry.  It was okay, but I think Bragg's Diner (also just west of here) does the vegan biscuits and gravy thing a little better.All in all though, I was pleased with my first trip here.  The vibe is super relaxed, the gals behind the counter are super friendly, and the portions of food on every dish I saw were plenty hearty.  Even though the food is all vegan, I can assure you that no one leaves here hungry.  I can't totally recommend the biscuits and gravy for breakfast, but I fully intend to explore other breakfast menu items in the future.  I've also heard a lot of good things about the tsoynamis, so that'll be on my to do list.  Just be warned, once you take one look at that pastry display case, its pretty much impossible not to order one.
4	Yummy-ness in a cup: tsoynami!! My first cup was the ginger snap with lemon...full to the brim and just the right blended texture. Perfect for these hot summer Phoenix days! Then I had a second try because I was craving it this weekend...the Almond Oy vey! Not made as well as it was last week. But I'm going to try to get to each flavor. Can't wait to try the breakfast, brunch, and coffee.
5	I have converted from vegetarian to veganism since the time of my original review. Now I love Nami even more!Favourite tsoynamis: PB & J, Banana Cream Pie, Lemonbar (when they have it!) and also the Funny Bunny that was around briefly in the spring. If you follow them on Facebook or Instagram you can be lured to come in by their yummy photos, which happens to me on a regular basis. I often meet non-vegan friends here and they've all loved it as well.
4	The tsoynami is pretty much just a healthy blizzard in my opinion. I like the ice cream and you can totally taste the coconut milk. Yummy! I think it's good but not that great. I drove from Gilbert to try it. It's a good and cute place but I would only go again if I'm in the neighborhood.
5	This place is amazing. I've had the Fluffernutter and Coffee Coco Loco more times than I can count but tonight I was pleasantly surprised that they had twist chocolate and vanilla. OMG! This place is an absolute must, even my boyfriend who is a very traditional eater likes it. I avoid gluten and dairy and this place fits all my needs while being even more delicious than traditional ice cream. Once I asked if they would leave out the vanilla wafers (gluten) and they replace them with gf animal crackers. AMAZING
5	If you are vegan, gluten free or both, this is your place for desserts. Due to health problems, I also get left out of desserts after dinner with my friends. At Nami, we can all enjoy a dessert including myself. The brunch is also delicious especially on Sundays!
5	The bad thing about Nami is that everything is so amazingly delicious, deciding what to get is very difficult.  Nami is a 100% vegan baked goods/ sweets/ breakfast/brunch spot, which is owned by the same person who owns the Green New American Vegetarian restaurants. It's located next door to Green's PHX location. BRUNCH:Served Sundays, 9a-2p. Arrive early or prepare to wait in a long, winding-out-the-door line. Try to be savvy by calling ahead (as I have), but you'll still have to wait in that line to pay for your order. My favorite brunch items from the regular menu are...-Biscuits & Gravy. Fresh biscuits smothered in chorizo gravy, topped w/ chopped green onions. It is so good! It comes with papas and tofu scramble (try the scramble with salsa or Sriracha sauce!), plus fresh and sweet pineapple wedges to cleanse the palate. -Wing Ding Dang. Their famous spicy/buffalo "wings" (they really aren't that spicy, IMO) served with papas & scramble. I like it naked (aka as a plate instead of a burrito).  My carnivorous family loves this dish too.If you wanna be fancy (*singing* I'm so fancy!), mix it up, or add it up, rather. Because I like the Biscuits & Gravy + the wings, I usually add a side order of wings to my B&G meal for only $5 more. SPECIALS:They feature a different brunch special every Sunday, which is ingenious really; it keeps things fresh, and keeps the customers coming back. I'll be thinking, "Oh, I'm going to stay at home this weekend." Then, BAM! They'll post pancakes or the Flying Saucer as the special and all my plans have to be rearranged. The great thing about the specials (aside from them being, well...special) is that if you fall in love with one (and you shall!), it will likely be featured again sometime in the future.My fav specials, thus far...-anything with pancakes. Be it the Grand Slam, blueberry pancakes, etc., they are ALL delicious. I do wish they'd add pancakes to the full time menu.- (I'm going to butcher the name) The Flying Saucer Full of Secrets? It's a Mexicana breakfast pizza w/ chorizo, black beans, hominy corn, guacamole, lettuce, enchilada sauce, papas, & scramble (I omit it, but cheese & sour cream too), atop a crispy fried tortilla. IT. IS. SO. DARN. AMAZING! It's huge too! Share it or save 1/2 for later (it warms up pretty good if you take off the guacamole first; no one wants hot guac)-DaeDae's "Chicken" & Waffles. A vegan take on a southern classic, and they nail it!-Bad @$$ Texas Summer Tacos (that's really the name!).  Tacos stuffed with fried avocados & refried pinto beans. Yum!The only thing I'm not a fan of is the grits. Maybe I'm just a little too southern for these new fangled grits.  People who like them seem to love them. See for yourself.BREAKFAST:It wasn't alway so, but they serve breakfast, Mon-Sat, from 7a-11a, so the Biscuits & Gravy, and the Wing Ding Dang are now available daily! My favorite among the new breakfast items is the Country Breakfast Burrito. It's a big ole thang too!  Organic scramble, tempeh "bacon", papas, peppers, onions, & syrup (sans vegan cheese for moi) stuffed into la tortilla. Such a great and super filling breakfast! OTHER:Aside from meals, there is also a plethora of baked goods from which you may choose, including various tantalizing donut flavors (these donuts are as big as your face!), cakes, cupcakes, cookies, pies, etc. I only drink water, but there is a humongous list of coffee/cappuccino, tea, juice, and vegan milk options. They have a (very) few vegan grocery items too. Look out for the Nookie (ask about it!) & Sunday sundae specials! Live music sometimes. TSOYNAMI:NOW let's talk about the Tsoynami! Vegan soft serve, originally in vanilla, but as of 07Aug14, they introduced the CHOCOLATE TSOYNAMI! AND you can SWIRL (chocolate & vanilla)!My FAV Tsoynami creations - From the regular menu-Soy Capitan - vegan Captain Crunch & strawberries mixed in. Berry cool!-Dough Boy - chocolate chip cookie dough & chocolate syrup mixed in. YUM!-Cookies n' Cream - Newman's chocolate cookies + chocolate syrup. Classic!From the "specials" rotation-Chocolate Monsoon - chocolate cake + chocolate syrup mixed in. HELLO!-Orange Creamsicle - orange magic + icing (you heard me!) + whip cream = heavenly dreams that taste like childhood summers. -Raspberry Beret - raspberry & cream cheese pastry puff & raspberry puree mixed in. AMAZING! (I may or may not have been singing Prince's song whilst indulging.)MY CREATION - pretzels, toffee nut, chocolate syrup mixed into the soft serve. Create your own too!If you don't want all that extra, you may eat the Tsoynami plain (think spiral soft serve) in a cup or cone. They can drizzle some of their naturally flavored syrups on it too, if you'd like. I recommend the caramel, toffee nut, and chocolate syrups. A cup of Tsoynami is a LOT of ice cream. If you'd like to share it, tell the cashier and they'll split it up for you.Nami for all!
5	I was absolutely blown away by how good my dough boy tsoynami was! The restaurant  presentation is average at best but don't be fooled by that. This place is one of the best dessert venues in all of Phoenix!
5	The food is SO delicious & it is so nice to go somewhere that knows what customer service is - must pop next door for dessert to complete the amazing experience
5	Never a negative experience! My favorites: the soynami, hazelnut lattes, the donuts, scones, cookies, & the nami mcbagel.  Awesome atmosphere, great location, lovely artwork, & super close to Green to catch dinner before.
5	VEGAN DONUTS.  Delicious, amazing, glorious VEGAN DONUTS.  WE went for the biscuits and gravy but when we saw these beautiful gems sitting in the case, beckoning us, it was all over.  We had a cinnamon donut.  So fresh, and springy and delightful.  It has been one of the only things I have craved but had been unable to satisfy since transitioning to vegan.  But now, finally, a fabulous solution.  We also enjoyed the biscuits and gravy  and the mcbagel sandwich.  Both were extraordinary.  The B/G was huge.  Next time we will share.  Potatoes were cooked to a beautiful brown perfection.  The Tofu scramble is some of the best I have encountered but the star of the show, by far was the gravy.  Creamy and satisfying with large chunks of "chorizo".The McBagel sandwich was also a thing of outstanding craftsmanship.  The bagel soft and delicious.  The tofu egg and veggie ham had perfect spice and flavoring.  I'm not sure how they make the "cheese" but it is AMAZING.  This little gem came with a side of fruit.  Boring and expected one may think.  However, this fruit was clearly freshly cut and perfectly ripe.  NO soft grapes, hard cantaloupe or honeydew here my friends.  This was beautiful, bite size chunks of granny smith apple, perfectly ripened strawberries and sweet pineapple.My one complaint about NAMI.  I live in Mesa and it is in Phoenix.
5	Just had their Gluten Free raspberry donut and again I am so impressed. Before eating gf donuts were my go to feel good food. I have tried assorted bakery and boxed types to no avail. This donut was moist, not dry or gritty like others. The flavor was exceptional and the frosting on top made it the absolute best GF Donut I have had to date.
5	Favorite brunch spot ever! If you're into something spicy try the Chiliquiles! SO GOOD!! Then when you want dessert try their Tsoynami. So good you won't miss dairy. Kudos NAMI and Green- excellent food.
5	Best breakfast burrito I have EVER had. EVAR!!!!The country breakfast burrito is to die for. It is now what I want for my last meal on Earth. Yes, it is that fantastic. I ordered:1.  Country breakfast burrito (tofu scramble was perfect! with a touch of maple syrup. I'm drooling,,)2.  Drip coffee (with hazelnut milk. wow!)3.  Chocolate chip cookie (I waited to eat this later, and it is good that I did. If I had been able to buy a dozen and devour them at that moment, I would have.)4.  NO's 'n' Mint tsoynami (texture is more ice milk than ice cream, but absolutely decadent, and I drank the melted tsoynami at the end.)Bottom line, if I lived in Phoenix, this would be my go to breakfast place!
5	During this past summer I went on a few dates with a boy who shared with me an interest in Twin Peaks and everything delicious. One date in particular stands out the most for me. We met up for a quick coffee then decided to walk around and pick some flowers nearby. He kept going on about how he wanted to take me to Nami because he saw something there that he knew I would enjoy. Being the cynic I am, I let him know that all this talk would probably result in me being completely underwhelmed because that's just what typically tends to happen. I was so wrong. That day I tried the most amazing thing I have ever had the privilege of trying--The Agent Cooper. Perhaps it's because I'm a die hard Twin Peak aficionado or because I was already a fan of tsoynamis, but this treat was heavenly. It would make David Lynch proud. For those not familiar with Twin Peaks, Special Agent Dale Cooper was the show's protagonist with a love for cherry pie and a damn fine cup of coffee, and that's exactly what this tsoynami embraced (other than the coffee, but I can let that one slide). There were bits of cherry and graham cracker and everything was simply delicious. I don't think I have ever been as excited about a dessert as I was excited over the Agent Cooper. I miss that day. I miss that boy. More importantly, I miss that tsoynami.
5	It's really difficult to add anything original here because everyone else has already said it, but this place is simply amazing!  I have never tried anything here that I didn't like.  Their lattes especially are delicious.  The iced chai tastes very similar to Starbucks, for anyone who has become vegan and is no longer able to drink Starbucks chai because it has honey in it.  I also recommend the raspberry mocha.All of their cupcakes and the McBagel and the burritos are great, too.Just try the whole menu.  You won't regret it.
5	I take back my previous review. Over time I have tried different options at Nami and it has become a favorite place for me. You get quite a bit of soy ice cream for your money - usually more than I can eat in one sitting and they now have chocolate soy ice cream as well. My favorites are the Dough Boy and Almond Oy Vey! I love that all of the things on their menu are vegan, and my husband who is not a vegan, thinks their cookie dough cupcake is the best cupcake in the world! For my husband to think that highly of a dessert is an incredible complement because let me tell you, he has the biggest sweet tooth!
5	Nami goodness for $5.  Chai tsunami, O ginger snap, rocky road and Coffee Coco Loco are all pretty phenomenal. Great for those that are lactose intolerant. Tastes light. These treats are tasty even when melted from the summer heat. Parking is limited.
4	Wut tha'.  All my friends (vegan/punx/activists/people who are 'conscientious') love Nami.  Yes, Tsoynami!  Uh huh.  So I took my kids there to see if it was the real deal.  My kids aren't vegans (that they've told me), so we were gonna figure it out.  They loved it.  They even loved the atmosphere of the small establishment.  Kooky indie ambient sounds.  A girl with a bun atop her head but with a shaved head around the bottom.  High waisted shorts?  Yeah man.But we got three Tsoynamis.  All different flavors.  They were like $4/5 each.  No biggie.  I'll probably come back.
5	A friend discovered Nami shortly after I assisted him in his transition to the plant based lifestyle. We originally referred to tsynami's as "sex in a cup", they are that good. Now that chocolate is offered, they are even better, if that is even possible. They always have gluten free options available and Sunday brunch is so filling and delicious. I am thrilled that breakfast is offered daily now as well. Coffee and dairy free milk selection is fantastic and staff is always friendly and inviting, often remembering me, even after long absences. I recommend this to anyone who is willing to explore plant based options. It is a great place for those transitioning or have an issue with dairy.
5	Ahhh - I'm almost glad I don't live in Phoenix because I would be so fat. I got the Tsm'ores with vanilla "ice cream" yesterday and it was amazing. It's so cool to have an all vegan place like this - I was so excited when my friend told me about it.
5	Awesome breakfast place! Great healthy way to start your day! Breakfast burrito is awesome.  Enjoy a great cappuccino as well. I love their vegan ice creams!
5	The vegan blueberry doughnut might be the best doughnut I've ever had. It was so soft and flavorful! Not only did it have blueberries scattered throughout, it also tasted like graham crackers, which I loved. I only meant to try a couple bites, but I ended up eating the whole thing.I also tried their soy ice cream with animal crackers mixed in. It's icier than regular ice cream, but letting it melt a bit helps. The addition of the mix-ins turned it into a vegan, customizable McFlurry!If I lived in Phoenix, I'd definitely be a regular here.
5	If you haven't been to Nami stop what you are doing and head over there for some sweet treats!! Everything is delicious, the craft beer selection goes on for days; I can eat here everyday. Too bad brunch is only from 9-2pm
5	I come here perhaps more often that I should. Tsoynamis are my downfall *queue up Price is Right fail horn*. But then again, its better than blubbering over to Dairy Queen and crying inside an M&M Blizzard of shame.Inside this hopping hub inspired by the geniuses of Green is part bakery, part ice cream shop, and part coffe haus....sprinkled with brunch awesomeness in the morning and on weekends. This is my go-to spot for any sweet treat, because as my friends know I do not eat crap. I am now on primarily a low-calorie, low carb, primarily vegan/fish based diet. I watch what I eat and work out regularly.How does Nami fit in? After a stressful day, instead of grabbing 5 beers and nachos, or a heaping 3 scoop fatty ice cream, I come here. I grab a 100% soy-based ice cream treat called a Tsoynami, which comes with dozens of variations made up by Nami. My personal favorite is The Doughboy, with vanilla soy soft serve and 100% organic chocolate chip cookie dough. Horrible for you? Meh, not great by any means. Better than Coldstone. Actually, you could probably have two Tsoynamis and be still way better off than anything Coldstone, Baskin Robbins, or Dairy Queen has to offer. They also have a very high quality coffee bar which provides basic coffee fair, along with a dizzying arrangement of baked goods all vegan friendly. The vegan doughnuts blow my mind. I have yet to dance the doughnut dance at Nami, but I can do an eye test and say "I approve".  Overall, I can't give this place enough love. It's super trendy, the food on the weekends (look at their menu) are so to die for gang...its delicious. Green is a business genius for concocting the awesomeness that is Nami. They have this man happy, and a customer for life. Enjoy, 5 stars.... for everything they have here. Just go, if you haven't been yet. Just do it already!
5	Sunday donuts???? how bout that. after months of clean living, we decided to treat ourselves to a dessert. we remembered Nami from a previous eating out at Green. We swung by and lo and behold...Sundays feature donuts!!!!the wife had the coffee donut and i had the coconut. both were freaking delicious. truth be told, i thought mine was better. they're not the light donuts like krispy kreme, but more "doughy" but not cake-ey like. they taste like donuts ok! delicious donuts. and some are gluten and soy free if you're into that. order at the counter, service is quick, efficient. and it was crazy busy from the brunch crowd right before 2pm. parking is tight....best to leave the H3 at home.
5	They have awesome vegan breakfast on the weekends, the chilaquiles are delicious! The coffee and desserts are amazing as well... The pumpkin pie Tsoynami is to die for!! I recommend this place to everyone even non vegans!
5	This is the most overwhelming and beautiful place in the valley..it is definitely not for the indecisive. I am used to having a few vegan options at the average froyo shop or bakery, but here it is like vegan jesus created every amazing dessert in 7 days. The Mash is definitely the best and a gamble..so even better, especially because you can tell that the employees love making it and telling customers about it. I have never regretted ordering it. The only thing that you should worry about is spending too much because..it WILL happen.ps bring some cash to tip with/ vote for your favorite theme of the day. its fun and the employees deserve a tip. when I was there it was zombies versus vampires and..being the walking dead fan that I am, it made it the easiest decision I had while I was there.
5	I wish they did fresh pressed juices. It sure would be nice to be able to get some HEALTHY late night treats. HINT HINT NAMI
4	Lots of options, which is great, but they hand mix everything, so the top of my friend's tsoynami tasted like syrup. I had the German chocolate cake tsoynami and the s'more. Both were awesome, but I think the s'more an out.
5	Simply amazing! We grabbed some food here last night before a concert, we live in San Tan Valley, and have zero selections out here for healthier/vegan food..we are about an hour away, everything was perfect, I really wish we had a place that gave a damn about real food and people like me and my family that give a f**k about what goes into our bodies.
4	Had great soft boiled eggs, really soft and dunkable at  Nami. There was a line out the door but if you are on your own or in a small group, you might be able to get a table quickly in the cafe section rather than the full dinning room. Menu is extensive, service was quick and helpful. Meal was delicious!
4	We decided to take a coffee break at this cute little place when we were visiting Phoenix and saw Michael U's review.We had: espresso shake and pistachio donut. I must admin that I'm a fan of their creations.
5	I cannot rave enough about this place - the food, the environment, the people - everything is perfect! As a dairy free lady living in this city, Nami is everything I could ask for and more!!!
5	SO GOOD. brought some treats back with me to california. :) the lavender cookies are yummy. and the dirty chai doughnut was phenomenal.
