4	Great fish, nothing smelled off and the interior was nice on the eyes. Better than what I can say for the crazy-assed outdoor mall it's in. (A Tad beat down.) Go for the fish. The sushi bar's seats are a little uncomfortable. Sit at a table.
3	Grade: C+What can I say? It's probably not that good but I am a sucker for Midwest sushi. Good food, good service, inexpensive.
4	Get past the awful stripmall - and the 'dollar store' next door - and you'll find a clean, borderline-beautiful atmosphere and very good fish.  Their salmon is the best in town and the prices are the best in Madison for the quality of the fish.  The service is efficient and professional.  Its not a location where I go to impress people but its the place I go when I want good fish at reasonable prices.
4	Takara is an excellent option for a sushiphiles looking for good Sushi in the Madtown area.Coming from Chicago, I have been spoiled by an overabundance of cheap, yet excellent, sushi restaurants.  Whenever I come home to Madison and have a craving for Sushi, I've found that there are very few options that meet my standards.  Takara is a simple, yet tasty, destination  to satisfy your sushi fix.You won't be blown away but fancy rolls featuring exotic deep fried fare.  Takara offers fresh staple items for an incredibly reasonable price.Take advantage of their cheap lunch specials.  Enjoy!
3	Food: Most of my experience is with their sushi, for which I'd recommend the Chirashi for good selection vs price.  The sushi is decently good, but it does tend to pale in comparison to places where fresh seafood is more easily found (Chicago, San Francisco).  The non-sushi selections (Tonkatsu, Tempura) are filling and about what you'd expect (i.e. not modified to suit Western tastes) but don' t particularly stand out.Service: Generally relatively speedy.  Servers are attentive but not in-your-face.Value: Reasonable prices, and portions fit the price.  Most entrees $12-30 range (haven't tried the Hibachi).  Overall: Reasonable value.  Average to good for Madison area, but somewhat middle of the road when compared to larger cities' options.
4	Good sushi--definitely frequent here for their lunch specials.  Any two rolls for 8.50 and any three rolls for 11.25 with soup or salad.  Service here is usually prompt.  Prefer this place from the State St. location because it's more easily accessible by car.  I'm not sure what's up with the mall here but for some reason the parking lot is always full, but beats the parking ramps downtown.  Had a few special dinners at this location where an abundance of sushi was ordered--definitely worth the price.  The spicy tuna roll is always killer here.
4	Maybe 3.5 stars.Food was good, service was friendly, but they were not handling the lunch time rush with any sort of grace.I'll try them again sometime, but will head out a little earlier.Good tapioca for the smoothies!
4	Ok, so tradition says that after each child my wife and I have we break our 9mo sushi fast with a monstrous sushi binge unlike any other. This year Takara was the place. Here are my thoughts.Sushi Quality: Superb. Everything was fresh and tasty. we didn't try everything but the spicy spider roll was outstanding. Also, the individually presented sushi was nicely done. The salmon tasted very good, and the tuna was outstanding.Service:The service was good. In general all of the staff was very nice and we never wanted for anything.Ambience:Others have commented on the ugliness of the strip mall this location is in, and they are right. BUT once inside it feels nice and comfortable and the atmosphere is sushi friendly.Overall, an excellent re-introduction to sushi after a 9month hiatus.
1	This is another place I thought to check out with my Japanese mother. Atmosphere was nice except for the fact,they had some Chinese ish artifacts and the wait staff wore Chinese uniforms. The sushi staff were dressed like Japanese Sushi chefs. Waitress was slow even they were not busy. Never did refill our tea or water. Miso soup was just ok,better then that instant tasting one. I can't even remember what we ordered because it was so bad,I mentally blocked it out and left a mental note never to go back there again.  Well at least,they have good taste in their private rooms and their Sushi chef's uniforms. I guess this is a place for people who will never get to experence the real Japanese food. I'd rather cook my self. Come to my house,I'll cook you up some REAL Japanese food. I'll even get my mom or husband to roll up some Sushi for you too.
3	Sushi was as good as you can expect in Wisconsin. Service was acceptable, nothing terrible, but nothing outstanding. They have a nice location on State Street and it's never too crowded.
4	Good for eat-in or takeout.  Fresh tasting fish, great presentation and friendly service.   A lot of other comments use the Wisconsin qualifier with Takara, but honestly in it's price range I think Takara could compete in larger cities like NYC.
3	First of all - the food was good.  The sushi was fresh and quite good.  My only complaint about the food was the soy sauce - which was extremely salty - even when mixed with the wasabi - and masked the fresh flavors of the fish.  Now the service is really lacking.  Our waiter didn't interact with us or offer helpful suggestions in any way.  It might as well have been been serve-yourself.So - as sushi is a ritual meal for us - we found this just a bit lacking.
5	I absolutely love this place.  Yes, we're in the Midwest (thank you for sharing), the ocean isn't just a hop, skip and jump away to catch the nearest fish. But Takara does a wonderful job with their sushi. It is always fresh (as seen by display of fish at the sushi bar) and always tasty. I'm not a sushi expert by any means, but if it tastes good, I'm going to eat it. And Takara's sushi tastes good.  Better than most places I've tried. I prefer the spicy tuna roll as one of my favorites. Lunch is CHEAP. $12 bucks for three rolls? Yes please! It fills you up too. Service is wonderful here, they are always so friendly.
5	Looks can be deceiving... This place has great sushi that's on par with expensive Chicago restaurants!
4	I've had lunch at the restaurant once.  The service was good and a nice atmosphere.  Since then I order takeout at least a couple times a week.  The lunch specials are impossible to turn down, $12 for 3 rolls and soup or salad.  The sushi is great, the best I've had in this price range, although I'm not a seasoned sushi expert.
4	Damn good sushi. Good price.
4	This place has probably the best sushi in Madison.  I'm always pleasantly surprised by the different menu items, and their fish tastes very fresh.  They offer several little add-ons which provide a value.  The rolls are enormous, and sashimi is very generous.  Love the shogun roll.  Really good.
1	I have been trying to think of a word that can best describe my experience last night at Takara.   Bad?  Yucky?  Disappointing?   No...I am going to go with CRAP!To quote the Joker "Where do we begin?"  My wife and I decided we wanted Sushi on our anniversary but wanted a place on the west side and wanted to try something different than our norm.  So, after going to see Pirates 4 (Just an FYI...great movie) we stopped in at Takara and I knew from the moment I sat down this was going to be a mistake.First: Our waiter was a complete moron who would mumble and would not listen to anything we said.  Second: The menu is a jumbled mess and confusing. Third: When you see more wait staff than patrons....instant trouble.So, we decided to stay and try it despite the initial reaction and we split a Hibachi dinner (I was disappointed that did not have a Hibachi station so it was made in the back) and got three sushi rolls.  Here is where it gets confusing for the waiter...1) Philadelphia Roll2) Lobster Roll3) Badger Roll but since my wife is ALLERGIC to crab can you substitute the crab with something else."Of course we can."   So the rolls come out first and the Philly Roll was smokey and just tasted BAD, The lobster roll was huge and something was just not right.  Then...the Badger roll.  We both ate a piece and it was nothing to write home about at all.  When looking at the next piece we noticed that the LOBSTER that was supposed to be in it was substituted with shrimp.  Oh, and the crab that my wife is allergic to....yep...still on there.  Yeah....When we confronted the waiter he told us "that is what you told me" and NO IT IS NOT! Why would I order a roll with lobster in it as the main ingredient and want shrimp instead when the allergy is for crab.  You sir are a idiot!Oh, it gets better.  He then proceeded to explain how the crab was imitation crab and not real crab. First off, nice to know the fish was fresh and real.  Secondly, it does not matter since we said NO CRAB.So, we waited for our non-hibachi hibachi dinner and the lobster was over done, the filet minion was tough and hard to eat and well....lets just get the check.Summary?  Ok....waiter is a moron and the service sucked and I could have had better Sushi from a vending machine...in an airport.
5	Excellent, as always.
4	This was some of the best sushi I have ever had. I had the sushi and sashimi combo and the fish was all very delicious. The california roll had the crab salad instead of just the crab stick, which I love, and the salad has the tasty ginger dressing (yum!) The atmosphere is very cool and trendy, and it is impeccably clean. The hibachi fried rice was very flavorful and not dry at all, perhaps too many bean sprouts. The vegetable tempura was reasonably priced, however, the batter was thicker than what I am used to. There are no specials on Sunday so it was a little expensive, but the quality of the sushi and sashimi has made me a fan!
2	Gonna keep this short and simple:The Phoenix roll was good.My Hibachi Filet/Shrimp was mediocre.  The flavor was bland, and they provided no sauce to spruce it up.  I ordered Hibachi fried rice thinking that it would be similar to some of the rice I've had at the Hibachi restaurants where they cook in front of you.  Wrong.  Instead, I got Chinese food delivery rice.  Nothing about it was Japanese, and nothing about it was delicious.  Get this crap off of the menu.My major complaint would have to be our waiter.  Uninterested does not begin to describe this man.  He took forever with our drinks.  He never filled our waters.  My "hibachi fried rice' was so bad that I wanted to ask for some white rice (Which was supposed to come with my meal).  Unfortunately, the waiter did not come by until about 35 minutes after we received our meals, and that was only to ask if we wanted the check.  All of this for 30 bucks?  No thanks.
4	I came here for a celebratory lunch with a coworker.  We wanted yummy Japanese food and were NOT disappointed.  I had the Chicken Udon, it was a very nice serving, chicken was tender, and the noodles were quite good.  My colleague had the sushi lunch platter and was very happy with it - and she is a well versed sushi enthusiast.  The green tea icecream also received excellent reviews.  The decor is quite nice, there were a number of people there but, we didn't have to wait for a table.  The service was very friendly and attentive.  Am definitely going back.  If they keep it up, they'll get five stars :)
3	After moving from Chicago, it was a must to find good sushi restaurant in Madison.  I was a little skeptical at first with it being in a strip mall next to a dollar store.  This place indeed went beyond my initial expectations.  I have been going to Takara for the last year and half and although I feel it has lacked a little since discovering it, I would still recommend this establishment.  They have a awesome lunch special as well, 2 rolls and miso soup for low cost.
3	I have dined here numerous times.My family really likes this place. It's not too pricey like muramoto (although, I adore that place), and it's not a chinese-sushi-place.However, there is ALOT of room for improvement.The staff needs to provide better service. They are slow and, sometimes, rude.The rice for the sushi is not sticky enough sometimes, so when I pick it up, it sometimes crumble into halves.I love their lunch menus, but I would not recommend dinner enthusiastically.
4	Fabulous food, underwhelming service. I'm a huge fan of their sushi, and this is our periodic date destination. Drinks aren't bad as well. Service is fast if lackluster and a little apathetic, but always an enjoyable place to go. We usually get the Love Boat or the Sushi and Sashimi for Two, the latter of which is a better deal and frankly seems to come with more/better sushi.
4	Great prices + large rolls + excellent service = success
3	The service was alright. The food I thought was also so-so. Nothing too great but decent. I felt the ratio of meat to noodles in the yakisoba was not reasonable. There was way too much noodles. Not too sure if I would come back here again. But I don't live too far so maybe I'll give it another go someday.
3	First time to Takara and here's my take....Decor - totally Japanese sushi house, including those personal rooms where you sit on the floor with a hole in the bottom for your feet.  Great for groups! Service - slow, very slow.  Only two servers on a Saturday night ...so be prepared to wait for drinks, food and refills. Sushi - YUM.  The fish was super fresh and had great flavor.  I got the sashimi platter.  It was also kind of a work of art when it came to the table.  I also noticed on the menu there were lots of options for rolls and other sushi platters.  Other food - Good.  The hubby got chicken teriyaki and he said it was pretty good.  It came out a little like chicken fajitas do at a mexican restaurant, so lots of steam on a skillet.  Cost - standard for a sushi joint.  Overall - work on the service!
3	Takara is a pleasant, somewhat modern-designed restaurant in a strip mall that achieves more than its location would suggest. Inside, traditional meets modern with an L-shaped sushi bar in the back corner, a rectangular liquor bar that is gently lit, and tables scattered about the interior. There are a few private rooms with sliding doors that look to be a great spot to share some time with close friends. Ceilings are high, the tables and floors are light to natural in finish, and lines simple. Fairly traditional, and that's a good thing to me.Now, I am going to contrast my review against Christie L's reviews, because we are two different people when it comes to sushi. She seems to enjoy rolls, options and creativity. I prefer pure expressions of simplicity and tradition, where I can taste the individual nuance of each piece of nigiri and precisely taste the fish. Take what you will from each of our reviews.According to the Japanese, you can judge a sushi place based on their tamago. Hence, I always get one and eat that first. It's different everywhere you go. Here, it was a fascinating and unusual presentation with the tamago split and formed around the rice. However, there was a little browning on it -- a big no-no when scrambling egg.. The flavor was a little eggy in nature, like an improper custard. It was all right, but nothing I would consider to be a definitive expression of the establishment. This I would not order again.The remainder of the nigiri were mostly above average. The saba was oily, rich, and faintly fishy in that way that reminds you that yes, you are indeed eating mackerel, but it does not overpower you. It was very, very good. The salmon lived up to its appearance and was tender and well-flavored as evidenced by its thick chevrons of fat. Tako was above average in quality and cut on an extreme bias, which was quite pleasing to the eye. The unagi was overly sauced and too sweet, but still was tasty..just not ideal. The hamachi was a little overpowered by its wasabi and earned a shrug from me -- they were either covering for something or thought I wanted it that way. Snapper, on the other hand, was good.For a roll, I consider myself something of a futomaki aficionado. I love the big fat roll with the vegetables, gourd, pickles and perhaps some steamed crab or raw tuna. It's different everywhere, and the futomaki here is good. It has avocado in it and that's not my thing, but I would certainly order it again.Decor was simple and pleasant, as it should be. The small private rooms would be a great place to enjoy with friends or family for a special occasion or small, intimate event and I plan to take advantage of them the next time my brothers are in town. There's a great chandelier that I have added a photo of. It's a lovey feature in the place and should be highlighted, as I've seen nothing like it before.My only real complaint was that I was server by a waiter despite sitting at the sushi bar. I would have appreciated the chance to have the chef prepare what he thought was best and go piece by piece, but that's a no go, apparently. C'est la vie.All in all, I recommend Takara and plan to return. The fish was good and ambiance pleasant, even if the service was a little weird to me. Overall it was a good experience and I think is's a solid 3 stars here at Yelp.
4	What a pleasant surprise!I had the opportunity to visit Takara last night, and boy howdy, am I ever glad that I did - they may be my new favorite for sushi in Madison (newbies take note - Madison doesn't offer the strongest sushi scene).Couple of quick notes:- Don't be put-off by the location.  Yes, it's located in a strip mall, next door to a Mexican restaurant.  Once inside, you'll forget that you're in the same mall as a beauty supply store, a bike shop, and a guitar center and a nail salon.- Ask your server (or the chefs) for recommendations.  We were told the scallops were especially good - we tried them and they were excellent.- Feel free to bring non-sushi lovers along.  They have a hibachi menu, and the chicken that one of my friends ordered looked great and earned strong reviews.  The hibachi menu includes soup, salad, and the entree - it's quite a value.- There's not much for beer selection.  It's your standard Japanese offerings (Sapporo, Ichicban, etc) and a few domestics.  We arrived to Takara at around 8:15pm and discovered the place was largely empty.  There were maybe 2-3 tables of people, so we had our pick when it came to seating choices.  We grabbed a table near the chefs, ordered some edamame, and browsed the menu.  Our server returned with the beans and beverages, then asked for our orders.  We handed her the completed "wish list" of goodies and asked for recommendations - she pointed us to the scallops, which we added to the order.Within 30-ish minutes, our food arrived, and it was magnificent.  I'd say the fish was more fresh tasting than any I've had at Muramoto.  The rice was great as well - it clung nicely, and had a near-perfect texture.  We stayed well past 10:00pm, enjoying every bite of the sushi and hibachi chicken.  The servers were a bit absent, but we were content; water glasses were refilled in a timely manner, and we weren't left wanting for anything.Takara = WINFood = 4.25 starsService = 3 starsValue = 4 stars (much more reasonable than other places)MISC = 3 stars (not as upscale as other places, but that's A-OK)
3	Pretty good sushi here, with a chattier group of fish-slicers than I usually run into.  I liked their range of lunch specials, although I wasn't too much of a fan of the chicken donburi (rice bowl) I'd ordered.  It was lacking in flavor until I dropped a bunch of wasabi paste and soy into it.The sushi itself was good, although nothing I was supremely crazy about.  Spicy tuna roll was standard, as were the hamachi, tobiko and unagi.  Wasn't a fan of the uni, though.  It didn't taste bad so much as it didn't taste like I'd expected.  No big deal, though.  I'll be back.
2	I knew it was too good to be true...We stopped-in for dinner tonight and, well, yeah - not so great.  The service was atrocious; 20+ minutes before we got our drinks (2 beers, 2 sake - both of which were incorrect when we received them, and he forgot one person's beer - we received 2 orders of sake and 1 beer).  Edamame arrived cold.Sushi was definitely not fresh, and I'm feeling less than stellar after having returned home from Takara.  I know the 'ole gut isn't a-rumblin' from anything else, as this was my only meal for the day...  I have a feeling I'm in for a loooong evening.  :-($126 for a few specialty rolls, 3 brews, sake, a hibachi order, and terrible service.  It literally took us 3 hours to eat dinner - we rarely saw our server.  We checked-in at 6:15pm and I just got home now (it's 9:30pm).  After he dropped-off our checks, we sat for nearly an hour before he picked-up the cards - no exaggeration.I think this was my last visit to Takara. Sorry for my previous 4-star review...
3	Let's start with the good: nice, hearty portions of fish. Nothing bums me out more than shrimpy (pun intended) pieces of sushi. My first trip I ordered a medley of specialty rolls (creative and tasty) and the next trip I had the sushi dinner, which I was really pleased with. Look over the menu, and you'll find yumzie rolls all over the place.Service? I really would have liked some. I was thirsty the whole time. It was almost impossible to get attention. Argh.Prices are about average with other sushi competitors 'round town. Be prepared to spend a bundle more if you do hibachi. Mo' dolla does not make me holla, Honey Boo Boo.
5	My experience here was honestly awesome! The decor is kinda ehh whatever but the food was soooo good!We ordered a TON of food, two love boats and a few random rolls. It's like they gave us the extra mile because we put our trust in their hands! The sashimi was excellent also!
4	Takara has become a regular in our rotation.  The fish is just so fresh.  Whatever I thought of the soy sauce in my earlier review simply isn't an issue anymore.  The food is just really good.  The atmosphere isn't as hip and sophisticated as Murimoto - but the fish is as good  or better and really nicely garnished.  Seaweed salad is really nice.  Service still isn't stellar - but I'll concede that in exchange for the quality of the food.
4	I'm not a sushi person. But my husband is and so is my sister. We came here with her on her recommendation and it was really great. I had the chicken tempura bento and it came with so so much food! It was all delicious. The others each had a 3 roll lunch special and enjoyed their various selections. The service was really friendly and I thought it was really sweet that one of the waitresses recognized my sister and asked about my niece (who often comes here with her). Clearly they appreciate their customers and enjoy making their experiences positive. A tasty meal indeed!
4	Best sushi lunch in town, but you will wait for it regardless of how busy they are. Service is decent, English not the best.
4	I had the spicy crab roll, and it was a great combination of crispy texture with savory and spicy flavors. My brother in law had the similar shrimp roll and enjoyed that as well. My wife ordered pot stickers and the calamari... Both were very good. The warm saki was also very smooth. We had just enough food between the three of us, adding an order of edamame. We stayed to talk past the bill paying, and no one came back to check on us... Had to ask for more water. Not A+ service, but for the cost it was delicious. I will look forward to a return visit.
5	My family has been patrons of Takara West for years.  We've always found the fish  fresh (raw - salmon, tuna, snapper, etc.) and the service great.The only thing bad I can say about this place is that they use imitation crab meat (thumbs down) and sometimes it can take a while to get your food.  But let's give the chefs a break, they're artists after all ;-)We've made the mistake of introducing our children to sushi at very young ages.  They now crave sushi and demand it once a week, which might go without saying, is not easy on our wallets.  That being said, the staff always makes an effort to stop by our table (even those not waiting on us) to interact with our children.  Occasionally, the chefs will assemble our meal on boats to appease the kids, which is a nice touch.  Check out my pic for our latest ensemble.  The presentation was perfect.  The fish was fresh.  The kids were happy.  We were happy.Thanks, Takara!Oh, how could I forget, their lunch special is a STEAL!.  3 rolls and a cup of miso soup for $12.99!
2	This review is for lunchtime service.Just not good enough given what we paid. At around $17 per person--that's including two kids by the way--I would expect much better food and quality of fish. The snapper was very chewy. And the biggest disappointment was the ISO Fantastic roll. This is one of the more expensive rolls you can get at Takara. It has tuna, salmon and yellowtail.. plus avocado. Should be awesome! In this case, it was nearly flavorless, and the fish chewy again. I was stacking up ginger and wasabi to try to get anything out of it.The only redeeming fish was the yellowtail, which had a good texture and flavor. Our server was great, prompt and friendly with substitutions for the kids. Takara also has a really great ambiance. Sadly, the price/performance of the food warrants only two stars.
4	I dined here with four friends of mine recently.  The atmosphere was very nice and classy with lots of Japanese decor and style.  Our waiter was good and prompt. I ordered a full Shrimp Tempura meal.  The rice was nasic white rice, but still good  the shrimp tempura was excellent and came with fried veggies that were OK, but I'm not a huge vegitable fan so I might not be the best judge   The salad and miso soup were norhing special but perfectly fine. My boyfriend and another friend got their Hot Tea.  It was really good and had a really lovely flavor.  I reccomend it.  Also some of us got the Hibachi which was done perfectly except that my friends' filet minion was welll done rather than medium rare; however, she forgot to specify how she wanted it cooked. Really it was a great experience.  If I return it would be fun to rent one of the Japanese style rooms they have for reservation.  I over all reccomend going here.
4	Good sushi, again eh service. Gluten-free soy sauce which is nice.
3	I dined alone and was seated at a small table near the sushi bar.   I had one cocktail and it was nice and strong.  I ordered a sushi regular plate that had a sampling of several great sushi pieces and rolls.  I was travelling so I was not able to take a doggie bag and was not able to finish the plate.  I felt guilty until the waiter who took my plate away came out of the kitchen chewing .  I was feeling guilty about wasting, so that made me smile.  Great service and very good food.
4	Delicious sushi, Naruto roll is my favorite. Dining room a bit cramped with limited space between tables
3	A staple for good sushi on the west side of Madison. It's a nice balance of price and quality.I also appreciate that they were one of the earlier restaurants to understand that a need for gluten-free food extends beyond just the soy sauce on the table. (It's generally in eel sauce, inari wrappers, and many tempura batters as well!)Service over the years has been varied, from decent to "enh." When they're busy, I often get the feeling that they want to turn over tables, and are quick to drop off the bill, but when it's quieter, this isn't as bad.A solid place for a meal, especially for the gluten-free crowd.
5	I lovr takara. It's "affordable" sushi (cheap sushi is never good and this sushi doesn't cost me my first born son) plus the vegetarian rolls are freaking delicious... I don't know maybe it's just me but any sushi joint is 5 star
5	I went here twice in the past week and I think it's awesome. The first time I went I had the Bento box with the pork Katsu and it was very good. The second time I went I have the lunch special of the sushi and sushimi and it was fantastic. I can't wait to go back and have some more sushi it was just so good.
3	Takara is one of those places that I come to out of convenience.  It's close to work whenever I get the desire for sushi.  Their two/three roll specials are reasonably priced and come with either soup or salad (be warned, the salad is swimming in dressing).  The rice can be sometimes overcooked and the rolls are not expertly prepared but for those prices, let's be honest, can you ask for any more?
4	I've got one word for you: Yum!  A recent dinner here was a major hit.  I had the sashimi plate (12 pieces for $20...not bad at all) and a dragon roll, and it was delicious.  I can be a bit picky about my sashimi, but this was beautifully and generously cut, with several pieces of amazing tuna and salmon alongside the ubiquitous octopus.  I somehow missed a piece that was disguised as a garnish, but our waiter pointed it out when he cleared my plate so I could snap it up.  My roll was a perfect size too, not too small but not so obnoxiously large that I couldn't eat it in one bite.My sister eats gluten-free, which was easily accommodated -- they brought her a different bottle of soy sauce, and our server went so far as to mention to her not to try my roll, since it had gluten in it.  Our request for how to split up the rolls between several plates was also handled correctly.A few minor, minor items: I don't quite understand why my sashimi plate came with a bowl of (warm) rice.  Never seen that before, and if I'd wanted rice, I would have ordered chirashi.  It was easy to set to the side and ignore though, so no big deal.  Also, soda is canned (no fountain, I guess), but they brought me a glass of ice and even poured for me.  As others have mentioned, the restaurant is not large, but at 7:30 on a Saturday we didn't have a problem getting seated.All in all, I'm a fan.  I'll definitely come back here for sushi!
3	I've come here with friends who enjoy Takara because it's close.  I was a little hesitant at first being in a strip mall (like Ginza of Tokyo), but because it's Madison and strip malls are prevalent, gave it the benefit of the doubt.  It's smaller but has a large number of close tables, and a sushi bar.  You don't really feel any kind of privacy because the tables are on top of one another.  I don't know if they have a teppinyaki area in the back of the restaurant...The sushi and the nigiri I had was actually very good.  They don't skimp on the fish and I thought the quality, while not totally fresh, was still good for Madison.  And they do a great job with presentation!  The service is pleasant and met with a smile.  Definitely recommend if you're on the west side of town.
