3	Vegas is well known for buffets!  Feed the herd to give them enough energy to push the buttons on those slots!!  Woo hoo!  This moo moo got fed and won $100 on a penny machine!  Now, THAT is luck!And so was this buffet that my parents and kids enjoyed.  It was so huge it felt like Epcot Center with different ethnic food presentations.  There was a dedicated section for sushi, mexican, chinese, italian, western american, and nice slices of beef and whole baked chickens.  My favorite was the shredded bar-b-que, green beans and tamale!!The dessert section was standard but delicious!  There was a nice selection of unique and traditional gelato flavors from mango sherbet to strawberry.The food was flavorful unlike so many buffets that taste like they made mashed potatoes from a box.  No, this place is worth having a meal.  It's about $10/person for lunch which includes unlimited choice of non-alcoholic beverages.Three stars for the fact that:1) My kids ate well2) The atmosphere was nice3)  And I ate well!!Enjoy!http://www.redrocklasvegas.com/dining/feast_buffet.php
4	Although nothing special, it has lots of variaty and such a great deal.  The food is fresh and the place is clean, new and pleasant.  They have to do so being so out of the way from the strip.  Not worth driving there though, unless you have another reason to be near the west end of the city.
5	I really enjoyed the Feast Buffet at the Red Rock Casino.  I generally avoid eating at the buffets of Vegas, as there's so many other great food choices.  The only two buffets I would ever recommend are The Buffet at the Wynn Resort and Casino (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ ) and the Feast at the Red Rock Casino!   It's at least THREE stars but here's why it gets 5...+ 1/2 STAR for the great seafood section (although I'm not an eater of seafood, the selections looked great and fresh!)+ 1/2 STAR for the selection and quality of Asian foods+1 STAR for the Gelato BarExcellent choice, you won't be disappointed at the Feast !!!
4	I've been to a few of the Green Valley casinos...while the others target the locals this one could be a special destination for any visitor to las vegas, particularly if you wanna spend some time at the nearby Red Rocks park nearby.First of all the service was great. Everyone was incredibly nice and they didn't look harried or overworked (which is not to say they don't work damned hard, and we tipped them well for it). Our server came by several times and made sure we had everything we wanted. It was hard to believe we were at this huge buffet place, cos they purveyed intimacy.For lunch, the first thing I hit (and it was paydirt) was the beef brisket station, which happened to be hauling major ass that day. Maybe it was that particular slab, but it was so tasty, and I've had my share of beef brisket across the loins of Texas, but this one hit the spot. That set the tone for the rest of the lunch, and maybe the fact that it was the first of this week's buffets and it's been awhile I've gone chomp crazy contributed to this otherworldly sensation in my mouth. Fried chicken, buffalo wings, chinese chicken wings, creamed corn, spareribs, mango ice cream and 15 lychees later, I was done. Sure, there were a few misses along the way (the orzo salad, bowtie pesto salad...I mean  do they defrost this or something...that buffet tastelessness syndrome was all over that), but the overall gestalt was that of GOODNESS.I'm giving 4 stars not because I don't think it deserves 5, but ONLY because I haven't eaten buffet at the heavy hitters (Wynn, Bellagio, etc) and I would imagine spending $40 instead of $10 would result in a 5. (I mean it better damed...right?). But I had a lovely experience here....read it and weep.
4	This is by far the best Choice of buffets in Las Vegas  off Strip.  Food fresh and hot and beautiful decor and clean facilities.  Line can be long - but since I was VIP not a problem for me ( he he  - how much did that cost me?) In any case if youre near Summerlin please try this Buffet.
4	A buffet with good desserts, fresh looking items in the salad bar and a wide array of international cuisine?  Well I never!  Sushi, Chinese, Italian, American, Southern (? Fried chicken and catfish and greens and hush puppies!), and even Jewish (get your gefilte fish and matzo ball soup here), all in a beautiful, brand new setting.  I had a fresh and delicious salad, a big ol' slab of extra bloody prime rib, broccoli smothered in orangey yellow fake cheese, and possibly the best potatoes au gratin I have ever had.  Seriously - those taters.  Oy vey.  I got everyone at my table to get a serving and they all loved them.  Low in sugar desserts too?  Well, that's almost South Beach, right?  The banana cream pie was okay, but the gelato!  Sweet Mary, the gelato!  The chocolate is none of that sissy milk chocolate stuff, but sweet, rich, decadent DARK chocolate.  Yum.I admit to being afraid to try the fish in the sushi area, the Chinese food looked a bit dry, as did the pasta - something about the noodles looking a wee bit crunchy and off color after hanging out in bain maries for so long I suppose.  Still, a damn fine buffet and I would certainly come back.
2	Through the whole meal i couldn't help but to think'Wow the chow hall back on the Marine Corps Air Station where i spent 3 years of my enlistment tasted a whole lot better then this'When you first walk in they have a buffet style of various beers, be warned the beer is a lie you still have to pay for it. This kind of pissed me off the way they displayed it but have a small note card barely readable until up close with prices.Sushi was dry both fish and rice which most likely means it sat out for a while, Everything was borderline meh to okay from a place like the Red Rock i was expecting at least good to great. Nothing displayed really stood out from the other buffets, very bland, tastes like you would expect from a massed produced menuIf i ever go here again i'll be thinking about the Chow Hall...
2	Maybe two stars is not fair.  Maybe I should never write a review for buffets given that I think I am biased against buffets.  I have eaten at the $60 buffets and the reasonably priced buffets (like Feast) and in my opinion they are all just so...yuck.  When I see people lined up for 45 minutes to go in and eat food that is processed and mass produced with a quality that rivals that of the Safeway deli.  I ask you, If you saw a restaurant near home whose sign read "Italian-American-Chinese-Japanese-Seafood-French Restaurant, would you go?  Hell no because you know it is impossible to do all those type of foods with quality.  Why do I go?  Because I love my partner who likes to go.  The sacrifices we make for love.  I'm telling you.        But I digress.If you are more interested in quantity than quality, just got back from the dentist and have numbed taste buds or need a place to take your 500 pound mother-in-law and not break the bank, then by all means Bon Apetit.  For me, I'd rather go to the Fat Burger in the casino.
4	I've gone here twice for breakfast in the past two weeks, with the price being the main reason why.  It's normally $7.99, or $6.99 if you have a player's card, but they've been sending me coupons for $5.99 breakfast.  That's a sick deal!  I've been showing up at around 10:45am and have had no problem getting in before 11am to get the breakfast price.  They have a made-to-order omelette station where I saw people ordering eggs over easy and other non-omelette foods as well.  The food's really good, and at 11am they bring out the lunch foods, including some sushi rolls.  I've been there for dinner before, and serve nigiri as well.  Dinner seems overpriced to me ($18.99 or $16.99 with the card), but breakfast and lunch are way worth it.
3	Just rating the food itself I give a 3 start.  But this is by far the best value in town. For lunch it is only $10.99 and you get a great variety of food. Though I don't think it is the best in quality. I mean, there are only a few items that I enjoy eating like mussels, shrimp, prime rib, gelato, soft serve. Sushi wasn't very good.   So if you like variety and value, this is the place to be. If you want quality food...hmm...I can't even tell you where anymore. I think that most of the buffets quality have been deteriorating. Back about 12  (1996) years ago when I first visited Las Vegas, the Mirage buffet was awesome. Then after a couple years it got really icky. Then around 10 years ago (1998).  Bellagio became the star with lots of yummy. They used to have totally great quality and exotic food (lychee, rambutan, fresh sashimi)  Now they have none of that. Sigh...I can't even find a fancy buffet these days. I went inside Wynn to check the buffet out but it looked so-so. Not too many food that I "must" have. If anyone knows of fancy buffet even with a price tag, let me know!
5	This is hands down the best cheap buffet I've been to in Vegas.  Cheap meaning $10 for lunch.  If I was a local w/ 2 teenage kids that eat til there's no 2moro..this would be the place to take them.
4	It's still good; this time for champagne brunch.  The champers is awful and will most certainly give you a headache, but cut with oj it's not bad.If they have the Mexican been/cheese/egg conglomeration you'd be a fool not to get it.  It was great.
5	This place is a little gem for locals. The quality of food and the variety is wonderful. In terms of all you can eat buffet deals I would give this place 5 stars. For 10 bucks during lunch time you can't get any better than this. Palace station is cheaper but compared to this place it feels like a fast food place.
4	3/4 different kinds of Greens, 12+ dressing, 20+salad fixins, 6-8 antipastas & salads, frsh fruits ,soup & rolls, hot & cold cerealThe HOT bar!Cold Shrimp & Sushi, Mexican bar(shredded beef & chicken),Chinese Bar,Southern Bar,BBQ bar, Italian Bar and Carving Station w/Prime Rib,Turkey and Cornish Game HensPies are kept behind the glass and served piece by piece. EVERYTHING from chocolate mousse to Blackbeery to Apple to Boston Cream, to Fruit Tart to Key Lime!! PLUS lots of cookies,brownies,eclairs and NUT bars!!Really nice decor, big open seating with LOTS of HIGH back booths for Privacy. Very bright & CLEAN. Nice Waterfalls throughout seperating dining roomsKind of Bland. Doesn't seem like they use ANY spice. Seafood is FRESH.Sushi is GOOD! Pasta,Shrimp dishes and Eggs are DONE to ORDER. Salads are Crisp & FRESH. Soups are very good-lots of meat & veggies in them. Chili is WEAK! Pizza is pretty dull. Pastries are excellent and FRESH. Always like the BOSTON Creme PieBetter than MOST Station Casino Buffets BUT the food is still the SAME. NO Real Flavor & your stand in line like a SOUP kitchen to EAT. $16.99 Per Person is TOO much when the OTHER stations Charge $6.99 for the SAME thing. JUST better decor here.
4	Best Buffet in Vegas? This is the locals buffet, this is my go-to Mr. McOinky feed trough. Sushi isn't great, but it is ok. What gets you here is the variety. They have a decent salad section, italian, chinese, mexican, american, sorta-soul food, american classic, lots of treats too.Coming here also remind me that America is full of disfigured, fat, rude, mulleted red necks with "I'm with Stupid" tshirts. If you learn to ignore that, and this is a must for enjoying vegas...this is the spot to get a nice meal.I do have one complaint. I've been eating here for almost two years now. And I've seen the food change and come and go. This past weekend, I was witness to horror of all horrors. I had finished my meal of ribs, teka maki, tamales and jello...i went to go get my celebratory coffee gelato. And low and behold, the gelato was gone. all the wonder flavors were gone, replaced with...ICE CREAM...NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO....not only that but they had removed the beautiful display gelatos and replaced them with crushed peanuts and sprinkles as display.Dime store sprinkles ARE NOT EQUAL SUBSTITUTIONS FOR GELATO.Anyway, I digress. Great buffet if you can overlook the sacrilege of taking away my gelato.Good prices, pretty decor, great food. MINUS -1 FOR EVERY GELATO MISSING. 4/5.
5	I must say, as buffets go, this one is good. Real good. We went for breakfast one Monday morning with some friends that were in town and we all left with full bellies and wallets still intact. Get this folks, a breakfast buffet that isn't just decent-- it's great--for the bargain price of $6.99 per person.  Of course, that's with your player's card, but if you're one of those weirdos that thinks the government is tracking your every move and don't want to give your personal information to those sneaky casinos, you're going to pay a whole dollar more. Yeah, that's $7.99. For a great buffet that includes made to order omelets, mini Belgium waffles complete with maple syrup or berries, all the crispy bacon you can inhale, bagels that you can load with inches of cream cheese or salmon and capers, delectable quiche, fresh fruit galore, pastries that would make the French proud and then some mediocre options like oatmeal and cold cereal.  Bonus: Amazingly, you won't smell smoke while eating OR leave smelling like smoke. Unless of course you spend your time digesting at one of those highly tempting coin-suckers. And even then you can sit in a non-smoking section for your gambling, asthma-attack-free, pleasure. Two words to sum up Red Rock's Feast Buffet for breakfast: LOVE IT!
2	I had come to expect good quality from this place but this time around found it very disappointing.The price was right-2 comped buffets. The service was great, quick to take the plates on top of the drink refills and extra napkins.The salad & soup bar was great. Bleu Cheese Chunks for the salad and great chicken noodle soup with tender white meat chicken.They have lots of sushi, fried sushi, wontons,potstickers,dim sum and lots of aian cuisine.Most of it is very weak with little pop to it.The beef brisket was tender & juicy  and had a nice smoky flavor. The Roast Beef was a little uhhh..No seasoning on the meats.The cornish game hens were super juicy and very good.The fried chicken however was tough and dried out.Most of the side dishes like mac n cheese, beans,potato salad, coleslaw, and collard greens were just bland its like its all the same food with no fllavor.The pizza was doughy and the vegtables and meats were not cooked. The whole Italian section of ravioli,rotini and spaghetti is all pretty weak. Dinner they usually do made to order pasta with shrimp etc.The desserts were pretty dry & crusty with a very limited selection.Real diappointing.There's lots of other things available but I did not try tham because they didn't even look appealing. I see there is quite a varied opinion on this place and I would say 6 months ago the food was 4x better now it just seems like all the same quality as other station bufffets, one of which I tried just yesterday at the Palace Station. Same tasting food. Red Rock had better presentation plus a little more selection.For my money I'm sticking to the Palms-filet mignon & crab legs
4	Pretty enjoyable breakfast buffet we had at the Red Rock casino. It had a lot of choices for breakfast and it was rather reasonably priced. We came back here the next year and tried the lunch buffet which was equally good.
2	I really like the Red Rock Resort.  My friends and I stayed there so that we could do some mtn biking and watch the ncaa tournament in the sports book.  The resort is nice, clean, and not too crowded.  After staying on the strip the last couple of times, this spot is much more convenient.  I'd probably still stay on the strip if I was with my wife though, since there are no shows or fancy restaurants at the Red Rock.That being said, I was really disappointed with the Feast Buffet.  It was about $22 which is not expensive, but I was really disappointed in the quality of the food.  I ate a little of everything, and nothing was particularly good.  Sushi was worse than what I can get at my local Ralphs.  The BBQ ribs were dry.  Hardly any fish to chose from.  Asian section was about as good as panda express.  Really, nothing great about it.  I was more excited about the Fat Burger that I got in the casino food court.  Come to think of it, I also got a great prosciutto sandwich in the casino too.  Next time, I will try the bbq place instead.  BTW, if you are staying at the Red Rock.  There's a great Whole Foods down the street that has a lot of prepared food.  You can pick up really good stuff there and bring it back.  Also, across the street was an Italian pizza/deli that was good too.
4	This buffet is FIIIRE! It's the newest and nicest buffet in Vegas right now hands down. Red Rock Resort is crazy with the decors from the top to bottom! Well worth the $11 for lunch and the long line. This place is huge! They have all the basics down like every other buffet (Asian, American, Italian, dessert, etc.) The food came out fine. Nothing impressive, but nothing to complain about. Customer service was great. Our cups were always kept filled to the top. 3 stars for the food and an extra star for the decors, vibe, and cleanliness.
5	Before I came to Feast at Red Rock, little me thought The Strip was the center of everything in Vegas. Apparently not.A friend drove us out of The Strip, past deserts (which did seem sketchy and frightening) to this modern-looking resort. The interior was incredibly gorgeous in here; very nice-looking, contemporary seats and food vendors.I think it's one of the best I've had in Vegas. They served very tasty slices of pork and what I kept coming back for was this mango mousse cup, just delectable! They have such a huge dessert section! In fact, they have so many different stations of ethnic food. It was quite a drive here but so worth it since the place was beautiful and very relaxing. I cannot wait to come back here again.
3	-- I came here for a buffet last year, heard about it from the locals. This buffet place does not have a lot of seafood and crab legs for the evening buffet, but the price reflects it as well.. only $18/pp. all I can say is, it's good, alright, but not worth the calories for me to come here again... I think I'd rather skip buffet next time, unless it's at a top casino/hotel for the delicate buffets.
2	This buffet used to be really great.  There have been some major cutbacks.  The sushi now only consists of rolls, no more sashimi, they stopped at the beginning of this year, I asked because I was very surprised and then disappointed.  Also, for seafood night, there are NO crab legs, what the frak?  and you call this seafood night?  basically the only seafood is several varieties (i mean differently seasoned), shell your own shrimp, cold clams (decent), and semi dried up fresh oysters.  Seafood night is Friday night.  Desserts are ok.  they have gelato, but now you have to ask the service person there to get  a slice of pie for you.  you can't pick your own anymore.  They also tried making some cupcakes, they are mini, hard, and tasteless.  The only flavoring comes from the sugar of the frosting and sprinkles.  A way better deal is to just give this place a try on a weekday night, at least you still get prime rib, and in the Las Vegas REview Journal (our local las vegas newspaper), there is a coupon for a 2 for 1 buffet at any of the station casino buffets or Fiesta buffets.  If you are only only person, it gives you half off your dinner.  Only downside, is that it is not combinable with the station rewards card to get $2 off your meal for dinner or $1 off for lunch/breakfast.  It is worth the $.75 to get a newspaper to save the $15 for dinner Monday thru Thursday.
2	BEST of @stationcasinos Buffets @RedRockLV still boring & bland. Nice decor but it always falls short!Service was ok this time but a lot of dried up uninviting crap on the buffet.For $18.88 pp I expect better. Next time Cabo's lesson learned!!:(
3	This place looks so nicely decorated and clean. I believe the breakfast here is about $7.99, lunch $10.99, and dinner $18. Breakfast was until 11am, we missed that so we had tryed the lunch here a little after 12pm on a friday. This place wasn't as packed at the time as I thought it would be, cuz usually buffets in Vegas gets pretty packed. We were shown to our seat, we sat on the booths near the dessert area. The first thing i noticed was that they had gelatos for ice cream instead of the usual vanilla or chocolate yogurt, yay! They had a sushi section, italian, american, asian, mexican, and salad bar. The food was okay, kinda looked dry to me. I loved that they had different kinds of choices for dessert; i got the canolli, eclairs, cakes, and gelatos. I want to come back here and try the breakfast here. Oh yah and they have alcoholic beverages for $2 bux, so cheap. Our waitress was so attentive and nice-Dottie.
4	Food: 4Service: N/AAmbiance: 3I always eat breakfast here at least once each trip. Love the bagel bar with lox and white fish and pickled herring. Lots of seniors (like me, but local) seem to meet here for breakfast. I've also enjoyed the omelet bar.
4	MMMM! There was about a 20 minute wait for lunch. Such a huuuuge place, it's really pretty inside.The table area was really messy underneath the table, like crumbs and nasty stuff everywhere! The waitress was really loud, in an almost rude way. Food is good though! So much selection! Gelato and chocolate eclairs for dessert!
3	A good buffet. Not thee best I've ever been to but good nonetheless. I went for a wedding reception (there were about 3 wedding parties going on), so I have no idea what the price was. The place itself is nice. Maybe because it's not located directly off the strip. The food was your typical buffet food ranging from american to italian, mexican to chinese. They also have a sushi bar and a gelato bar!I probably won't be back, just because I usually stay on the strip..but it was nice to try something new.
4	Had lunch here on the last day of a three day trip.  Wasn't going to do the buffet, but was stuck at Red Rock and decided to take a look.  Wow, only $10.99 for lunch!  I asked the hostess if I could take a look first and was surprised at the size and selection.  I definitely had to give it try after that.  For that price, it certainly beat anything I saw in their food court.  No comparison.It obviously didn't hold a candle to my all-time favorite buffets on the strip at the Wynn and Bellagio, but for the price, it wasn't bad at all.  It wasn't celestial like the two that I just mentioned, but overall, I thought it was pretty good.The waitperson I had was great and I noticed a nice little menu book of drinks with $2 on the cover.  She confirmed that all alcoholic drinks from that book were only $2.00 each!  I looked through the whole book (quite a selection) and saw that they not only had beer and wine, but also real cocktails for the same price.  The wines listed were Barefoot Cellars so I passed on that (but thought the price to be highly reasonable) and ended up having a Skyy vodka Cosmopolitan and also a Stoli Blue Lemonade.  The portions were generous and there was definitely alcohol in there.  Amazing for the price!During the feeding frenzy, I recall the following on my plate...sushi, spaghetti and meatballs, fried chicken, turkey, roast beef, mashed potatoes and gravy, stuffing, pizza, carnitas, spring rolls, chicken soup, and lord knows what else that I just can't remember.  And yes, I only took a little of each, but even then...yikes.Far from the strip, so certainly not worth a special trip, but if I'm in the area, I'd definitely do the lunch buffet here again.
4	This is definitely worth driving away from the strip to have good buffet food. This place is less touristy with less obnoxious crowds. No one pushing you in lines and no yelling children (at least my experience had no children).The service was excellent and were very attentive. The food was equally as delicious and had a huge selection. The dining room is spacious and clean. Prices are also quite reasonable for a buffet.I recommend coming to this buffet if you want to get away from the long lines and crowds of the buffets on the strip.
3	I think the sad sad day has finally arrived when gorging myself to the point of bursting is no longer appealing.  There was a time when my Vegas experience wasn't complete without rolling myself out of a buffet, but I've grown wiser (and thinner).I came here twice over the weekend while staying at Red Rock - once for dinner and once for brunch. Both were $16.99 after the $2 player's club discount and we also had coupons for 1 free buffet and 2 for 1. So for the 3 of us, it ended up only costing $6/person. That's cheaper than McDonalds! You should check the local paper because there are always coupons. It was slightly disconcerting that the food at dinner and brunch was mostly the same, but it's not often that I have the opportunity to eat prime rib for breakfast. There are tons of choices from Italian to Asian, Barbeque, Sushi and "International" (which appears to be mostly Mexican). The prime rib is very good, but some of the other foods were a little dried out. The tortillas were like cardboard and the biscuits shattered into a million crumbs when I tried to split one. I also liked the mashed potatoes and tapioca pudding - I know, I know, I can't help it, I love cheap carbs. Service was very good and our plates were always cleared quickly and drinks were refilled. I'll probably come back if I stay at Red Rock again, but I might be steering clear of buffets for a little while.
4	This is probably one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas. Since it's not on the strip, it's even better. You get to eat in peace without the obnoxious tourists (though, I'm a tourist when I go here too, haha). There's a big variety of food at this buffet and it's quite delicious. Its buffet is a full-scale buffet but with out the crowds you'd find at the strip. If you sign up for their preferred members card (which is free to sign up) you can save $2 on your buffet meal.
3	The italian food was definitely the best try the meat balls yummm... Generic buffet food but definitely better than most by far and super cheap for only 10 bucks
4	beautiful cheerful room. outstanding desserts - try the mini cupcakes! prime rib not bad. pork verde good. one notch below village buffet at paris and 40% cheaper ( 17 not 25). dollar off with slot card too. best of all, had good luck with high limit slots afterwards!!
3	Red Rock's Feast Buffet looks like it should be great and has the strongest Asian section of all Station Casinos and also the best desserts.Unfortunately most of the other fare is a little tasteless, heavy or underwhelming.Vegetarians such as my wife should be warned that unless you want a carbtastic plate of mashed potatoes, cheese pizza, mac and cheese etc you'll be miserable and wondering why you forked over your $17 for dinner.I would happily eat here just for the Chinese food, but for the higher price (than other station properties), Red Rock is surprisingly hit and miss.
5	Steak... That's all i gotta say, eat that and it's worth the money. It comes rare but the cook will cook it for you to whatever your preference is. Not to mention the great desserts and international food. To me, number 1 buffet in Vegas.
3	Went here for lunch the other day after getting my eyes checked at Costco. With the card, the total for 3 people came out to be ~$32 dollars. Wait times were short to get in and after paying we were promptly seated. I headed straight for the sushi section and the carving station to get my 10 dollars worth of food. I was lucky to see that they just rolled out a fresh batch of spicy tuna rolls so I quickly grabbed enough to cover my plate with 3 layers of rolls. After finishing my first plate, the waitress finally came to take our drink orders after clearing our first rounds. They did seem a little understaffed that day but every time I came back from getting more food, our table had been cleared. Salad bar is nice, the sliced tomatoes and cherry tomatoes were fresh and sweet, the desert section was also pretty good (I snuck out a few...several muffins) for a snack in the evening. The buffet is your typical buffet, everything is quite starchy. Being asian, I could not eat anything out of the Asian section of the buffet. Some of the dim sum was cold! The sweet and sour chicken was all batter....I couldn't find any chicken in the red glazed pile of "chicken." Ironically they have this huge tub of cocktail sauce by the American section yet I did not see a single shrimp in sight! For 10 bucks, its a bargain to get stuffed on all sorts of things, but I miss how the oxtail soup (they cooked it just right) is gone.
3	We decided to come here on a Saturday for early Father's Day Lunch. Surprisingly, there wasn't a line like at the coffee shop. We were seated quickly and we began to feast. I started off on the "sushi" side. There was some spicy tuna rolls, California rolls, unagi nigri and shrimp nigri. None of which was even remotely good. I then decided to try the mac and cheese (yes, I love mac and cheese) and rotisserie chicken at the carving station. This was both good, but some parts of the chicken was dry. I also had some chicken noodle soup and that was full of yummy deliciousness, probably full of MSG but it was good! I was full after that (it was only lunchtime!) and I went on to the dessert. I like that they have an ice cream bar here. However, this time I tried three different mini cupcakes the red velvet, chocolate and vanilla. They were all good, but not great. For the price of $9.99 for lunch and for those of you who have a boarding rewards card, I think its a go!
3	Just an update, still a 3 star buffet but this experience was a little different than last. Wait times were only 5 min minutes and the servers actually greeted us with a smile and had us seated upon entering.Standard food, I ate my 10 dollars worth.
3	The Sunday brunch was over priced for the food the quality was really lacking. I really expected more. But it was clean and the food was not horrible. The servers were just rude and the food was blah and way over priced.
4	I ate here last night with family from out of town. There were seven of us but if there was eight there would have been an 18% gratuity tacked onto the bill. We still tipped well because it's a lot of work keeping up with us! There isn't a lot of seafood here but they have peeled shrimp and breaded shrimp. I liked the idea that you can request to have the peeled shrimp made into a Shrimp Scampi. They make it pretty good here ...it would come in second to The Cheesecake Factory's version of it. I also had the Prime Rib which they made really well this time. It wasn't too red and it melted in your mouth! Whenever I come here I have to make room for dessert because they have Gelato and fun little pastries. I like this place but I wish it would offer crab legs like Green Valley Ranch!
4	I've eaten here a lot of times because it's almost in my back yard.  Visiting twice in the last week reminded me that it was time for a review.Thursday evening, we met friends for the dinner buffet.  The prime rib was outstanding - red, the way I love it.  They were also grilling slices for people who want their meat dead.  The shrimp were good, but I did skip having any sushi.  Instead, I loaded up on some kimchee and then on to the gelato area for my dessert fix.Today, we went for breakfast.  It's always a nice way to start the day.  A bit of chopped chicken liver, some smoked salmon, and a small sampling of oatmeal with raisins, brown sugar, and cinnamon.  I'll be back often.  I like the food and the ambiance.  My only complaint is, "Where the hell are the spoons?"  You'd think they'd at least have spoons automatically in the morning table settings when so many people are having coffee.  This is not just a Red Rock gripe, either.  I see this more often around town.  Why?
5	I went here on my Wedding night. My husband and I are from Europe living in California,  and we appreciate bloated American food quantities. In Europe (we are from Holland and Norway respectively) we have little concept of "all you can eat." I find American buffets wonderfully indifferent to the common good, much like American motor vehicle (I own mustang with wasteful but FUN V8 engine)We have some "buffet," however, it is almost always "all you can stack on a plate" and then you have to pay for the next plate.This buffet is easily one of the best deals for the price in vegas. My husband ate nothing but meat until he fell asleep at the table, and I was able to indulge my sweet tooth. The sushi is a little dry, but the prime rib is excellent and worth the price of admission alone.
4	One thing I love is variety. One thing you'll always find at the Red Rock Buffet is variety. The Grand Cafe, Movie Theater and Buffet are the only things I like about the Red Rock Hotel (I hate that place, but that's a different story). Out of all the buffets I've been to, this one and the Rio are the only two which have good sushi. Sushi is always lackluster in buffet settings, but at least here it's fresh most of the time and is at least somewhat comparable to the quality of an actual sushi bar. The service can be a little snooty at times (the Red Rock is essentially a giant Strip wannabe), but they do their job by always providing your requests. Dessert section=love. Cannoli, Cheesecake, Gelato and Tiramisu, hooray for diabetes. The Red Rock is essentially in the middle of nowhere so I rarely ever come here, but I never regret the trek out here whenever I do.
3	I've been here more than I can count on my two hands since the place opened, but this is a review about my last two visits here in the past 30 days.  When my wife and I don't have cravings that jive, the Feast Buffet is a safe answer.I find myself first frequenting the Asian section, where they have the Korean BBQ Ribs, Pork Hash and Shrimp Dumplings.  Their white rice is OK.  It isn't as sticky as I like it, but it isn't bone dry either.Their Sushi section isn't too bad either and is located at the opposite end of the deserts.  Their rolls are very small, probably a tiny bit larger than a quarter.  Their first is fresh and on par with other buffets offering sushi.The American BBQ section was great.  They have yams there usually, polish sausage and prime rib or beef brisket. The pizzas they have are OK, the Stromboli was very good on my first visit. However it was kinda dry and crispy the last time I went. :( For deserts their cookies are better than I remember it.  Nice and soft, not hard as I remembered in the past.Over all it's a safe choice if you're looking for a deal and realize that you get what you pay for.Service was great both times from our waitresses.  The place is clean and has a relaxing atmosphere.
2	We went during their Sunday brunch which turned out to be $20/person. For just $5 more, you could go to the famous World Carnival Buffet at the Rio Casino which offers WAY, WAY, WAY more.The food here was just "meh." Nothing special and nothing out of the ordinary. For the price, I thought they would offer more but they don't. I guess the interior decor makes up for it. The Red Rock is a really nice casino - but their buffet just didn't really do it.We only came here because we didn't want to drive - and we wanted to try something new. Next time, we'll stick to something we know.
5	Damn this place is awesome, they have so many great food; The BBQ ribs are to die for!! so r the mash potato w/ gravy The Asian section was pretty goodthe pot stikers, egg rolls and shrimp r delicious!The Italian section was the best;I love the penne pasta and the calzone!!!!But  my favorite thing of all and the thing thats gonna make me go back to the feast buffet is the desert bar!!!! :)  cannolis, mmmmm delicious!!!cheese cake!..... yuummypimkin pie!!! .....rich and creamy!!gelato!!.....  refreshing!!!brownies!!!...... looove them!!What you pay to eat is soooo worth it!!!!!
4	Red Rock has the top buffet for any of Station Casino's that I have visited. I have been here many times and up until a few years ago, I would go once or twice every six months. Go here when you want the premium Feast Buffet. The last time I visited, gelato was available in the dessert area. They also had salmon, which I had not seen at any of the other Feast Buffet.Go for a late lunch and have a player's club card to get a few dollars off. The lunch is almost like dinner and it's about $5 dollars less expensive. All of the dishes I have tried over the years were tasty and I especially enjoy the spicy Thai noodles. They always prepare a generous amount of sushi.The line might be long here during dinner, but definitely worth the time. Enjoy the excellent meat and Asian food sections. I will be going back soon to see what's changed.
4	Feast Buffet at all the Station Casinos is offering reduced prices this month.  The Feast at Red Rock costs more than at the other Stations (11.99), but that's because the food is better than all the others.  So is the atmosphere!The line for dinner stretched almost to the Casino entrance, but the wait was no more than, maybe, 20 minutes.  The place is very big, so there are lots of tables.   There were seven of us - the usual Friday night crew plus a visiting adult nephew.  Our table was half booth, half chairs, so everyone got to sit in what they found comfortable.Red Rock's Feast features fresh cooked shrimp, as well as sushi.  It has the typical stations - Seafood, Italian, Chinese, American, several carving stations offering a variety of meats.  The well-stocked salad bar is a separate station in the center.  All the prepared dishes looked and tasted very fresh, unlike other Feast Buffets I've been to.I must admit that I'm generally not a fan of buffets, because it's just too much food.  I didn't try a lot of the items, but had little tastes of a number of things.  I liked the pork  and the shrimp shu mai.  The fresh shrimp was excellent, and so was the one fried shrimp I indulged in.  Several friends had the chef prepare Shrimp Scampi to order - it looked fabulous, and they loved it.There is the usual assortment of desserts - pies, cakes, puddings, and my choice, gelato.  There are about eight flavors to choose from.  Not as good as the stuff I had in Italy lately, but good enough to satisfy.The service was okay, not great.  The waiter cleared the plates quickly enough, but he mixed up our drink orders, confused the regular and decaf, forgot spoons and cream for the coffee.  Not a big deal, because we spent about three hours there, having a great time.  I'd definitely go back, but not until I lose those holiday pounds!
3	Really, I'm very much over the Las Vegas buffet. After almost five years in this town you start to realize that 95% of the food at 95% of the buffets is pretty much interchangeable. And most of it isn't all that good, especially when you're paying full price. So I'm going to be a tough grader when it comes to buffets.Fortunately, the Station Feasts are discounting all month so Sunday brunch was $11.95, an acceptable price to pay.The food was OK - better than average for a buffet, fairly fresh but generally unremarkable for better or for worse. Decent variety, with nice touches including roasted jalapeno peppers on the Mexican station, a really good pesto pasta salad, smoked salmon and bagels, and kielbasa. The hand-sliced prime rib was decent, although I had to ask twice to get the size and cut that I wanted. Station also does desserts really well. You can't go wrong with any of them.Two things of note about this visit.1) Station loses a star for the decision to limit guests to two glasses of cheap swilly "champagne" at brunch. What the hell? When I first moved to town, getting half in the bag on barely drinkable sparkling wine was half the fun of getting up on a Sunday morning. I'm sure the bean counters were on their butts about the amount of free champagne they were pouring, but come on! The stuff is dirt cheap and since when are casinos stingy about getting their guests drunk?2) The friendliness and customer focus of my server gets that star back. She always had a smile, was quick to bring me fresh silverware (without asking) or top off my drinks. She even brought me a third glass of champagne in spite of Station's dumb new brunch policy. I've always thought that even though buffet servers are probably among the most underappreciated of industry workers, the ones you find at Station's Feast buffets across the city tend to be very pleasant and friendly, so much so that you wonder why they're not working for a real restaurant. This was no exception.Slightly above average food, well above average service, tainted by obvious parsimony that probably manifests itself behind the scenes in ways that give me pause about ingredient quality, etc.
2	We had a party of seven for a late breakfast. The wait was about 20 minutes but seemed longer. We were staring at dirty unoccupied tables the whole time. Lack of sufficient staff meant a longer wait than was necessary. They had quite a few choices but the lines in the food line were long as well. The pre-cooked items were hideous. My eggs Benedict looked good but the egg was rock hard, like it had been sitting under the heat lamp for an hour. The blintzes were inedible. The list goes on. The made to order omelets were good, if only because they were fresh. The price was pretty cheap compared to the strip buffets but I guess you get what you paid for.
4	I lived in Summerlin until recently, and my family loved to eat at this buffet. Price- GreatAtmosphere- GoodFood- Very GoodWaitresses- very friendly
5	The Feast Buffet at the Red Rock Casino was offering an $11.99 deal with a players card, what a deal! The selection was very good. They had sushi, shrimp, Chinese, Italian, American, international, BBQ, prime rib, salad bar, deserts, and I am probably missing something.  The quality was good and so was the service.  I would definitely go back. We went early, like 4 pm, and the line was not bad.It is a great place to stop on the way back from a drive or hike in Red Rock Canyon.
1	My family and I decided to hit up the Red Rock Feast Buffet for thier Thanksgiving buffet.  The buffet cost $25 and was billed as gourmet--it was not. We live in the north west and have visited the Aliante buffet on a normal night and could see no difference (besides some paltry shrimp) between the two buffets. After waiting in line for 2 hours, while the Red Rock let multiple tables sit empty, we were very dissapointed in the spread. It was the same spread as a normal weekend night only at twice the cost. I wish we would have spent the time to drive to Green Valley Ranch, the only "locals" buffet I have actually enjoyed and found worth going back to. For Thanksgiving this buffet was the same price as the Red Rock and I suspect was much closer to gourmet.
3	A buffet for $11.99 with players card, you can't complain.  The line moved super fast.. They are really efficient at getting people in.They have a lot of OK food.  Not bad, but nothing to rave about.  Lots of variety though!  Try their prime rib, it's really good.  Their sushi was actually better than most buffets too (although they didn't have any Ginger which is a must for me!). The atmosphere is real nice too.  Very clean and open.  For 11.99 dinner or 6.99 lunch, and even a 4.99 breakfast... chances are, I'll be back just because of the price.
3	OVERALL PROS:- Decent food, if you know what to get.- Great price (in Jan they had a deal for $4.99 before 10am).- Very well decorated, well run, good service.- LOTS of selection, from a dessert bar to barbeque to Italian to Japanese to a fruit/salad/fresh section.- They have omelette and stir-fry stations where you choose the ingredients and a chef cooks it right there.- The meat was really good (steaks, sausage, ham).- The cheesecakes (which open up at lunch, 11am) were delicious. I tried the hazelnut.- I really liked this granola/milk/raisins/apples mixture they had at breakfast, as well as the corn bread pudding. Delicious.OVERALL CONS:- The sushi was horrible. Stale, dry, bad quality seafood.- Pizzas also looked incredibly old and stale and oily. I didn't even touch that.
4	We went for this buffet twice in Dec. 2010, when there was a pretty decent promotion on the buffet price. We got $6.99 for the lunch and $4.99 for the breakfast.The dining area is pretty nice and comfort, better than most of the hotel on strip.But the food is just ok. You get what you paid. But with the low price, it certainly worth a try.
2	They've lowered the price - and Everything Else.At 6:00 PM on a Friday many items in the buffet were dried out and tough. Service was below average. At one point I just got tired of waiting on a refill and walked into the service area and refilled my own glass. This was the Seafood Buffet, at a higher price, however from what I saw most of the seafood swam away from this Buffet. They should be ashamed of calling this a Seafood Buffet. You can do Much better in Vegas for the $ 17.00 spent on this lower quality buffet. And did I forget to mention it was almost an hour wait from entering the line to being seated.
5	Being that I LoVe food and Awesome people... I thank God I found Feast Buffet at the Red Rock Casino.They have pretty much everything you're looking for! The salad bar is to die for! The Turkey and dressing makes me Soooo home sick!From the Great prices to the sweet girls at the front who check you in, to the host who seats you, to the server who serves you...everyone has a smile and treats you fabulous.What I think is super cool... is that every kitchen has their own chef!I highly recommend the Feast Buffet to anyone visiting or living here in Las Vegas.Not to mention when you're done eating, there's a movie theater and bowling alley in the Red Rock Casino!! Yoo-Hooooo!!!
5	Great breakfast buffet--I went on Saturday morning at 8:00 when they opened up (a line 30 people long). Better than any I've ever been to with a waitress that kept refilling my coffee cup as well. They had anything imaginable for breakfast--better than Shoney's!
1	Wouldn't know how the food is. Been here three times and each time there were massive lines while inside there were 50-75 empty tables and even more that were waiting to be cleaned. Management needs to stand out front and watch party after party see the line and walk out. Like most buffets the cashiers are fast but the seating takes forever while tables sit empty and customers leave.
5	i wanna go back here! i love how they have a gelato area and the sesame balls are so yummy.
4	I went here for my birthday in 2010.... The food is good and nice selection of sushi, they have gelato ice cream...
3	I came for lunch today with my husband and toddler before our movie at the Regal Theater at Red Rock and was pleasantly surprised.  We signed up for the "Boarding Pass"  upon entering the hotel, so we could get the discount and pay only $6.99 each (drinks included), our toddler was free.  So, the value alone is 5 stars in my book!We came right around noon on a Monday and waited in line for 30 minutes.  I've waited longer in other buffets on the Strip, so this didn't bother me at all.  The casino is new enough that it still has the clean and fresh feeling- and you don't feel like you are standing in a haze of second hand smoke. There is definitely something for everyone.  They do not have the buffet staples of crab legs and shrimp cocktail- but they do have chinese, mexican, american, italian, and japanese.  These were just "OK" for me.  But, the salad bar is one of the larger ones I have seen with a great selection of fruits, veggies, and potato and macaroni salads.  The dessert selection is also quite plentiful.  They don't have chocolate covered strawberries or fancy looking pastries, but they do have 15 different types of pies, including reduced sugar options. They also have other pastries, cupcakes, eclairs, gelato, soft serve ice cream, and cookies (of which I pocketed a few for a movie snack).  I wouldn't recommend driving out of your way to eat at this buffet, but if you are in the area, checking out a movie, or planning on bowling- then it is DEFINITELY worth it.  Since we live only 15 minutes away and we like the stadium style movie theater- we will definitely be back!
4	Dont like the LONG wait, 1 hour on a sat morning at 11:10am. Def works up your appetite. Nothing rare or special on this buffet, but most things are consistently good. Service from Oliver was great. The price is right and the dessert section is very nice (all the pies you want, and icecream)
5	Better than the uppity. overpriced, overcrowded and trendy Wynn, Mirage, Caesars, Bellagio Venetian, buffets etc.. all put together IMHO. That's amatuer hour.Not on the strip,but about 15 minutes out at The Red Rock Casino (one of the Station Casinos), this is where the locals grub when ultra hungry. This place is the shit if you want to loosen your belt buckle and eat like a king for very reasonable prices.Never tried the lunch or breakfast, but have been here about a half dozen times for dinner and some of the best and least expensive buffet experiences Las Vegas has to offer and I've done them all. If I didn't have friends who live there, it would have never even been a thought in this small brain of mine. Thank God I do and have. Do yourself favor, save a few bucks, drive a few miles out of town and eat like royalty.The food here is phenomonal unlike most "Strip" versions and a fraction of the cost. If you're on a diet, I suggest going elsewhere, although they do offer lo-cal entrees and even sugar free desserts, unlike like some LV strip buffets and I've been to almost all over the last few years. Things like sugar free and lo-cal cheescake, chocolate cake, ice cream etc.. that you'd never be able to tell the difference from, especially after drinking all day. But the desserts are simply extra after you sample all or at least some of the food stations offered here.The huge round sald bar is enough for most, so be careful. Shrimp, crab, a huge variety of leafy greens, artichokes, salmon eggs, caviar, fresh vegetables of all kinds of other fresh veggies coupled with almost every dressing known to man. Not even mentioning the nuts, eggs, more salads like potato, macaroni, seafood salad, fresh fruits and on and on that should be satisfying to most. Did I forget the wide variety of soups you get to sample as well? However once you see the entrees being served at the several stations you just can't stop. And you won't. A culinary delight, but diet nightmare.My suggestion is to fast for 1 day and have only a bag of chips to get ready for this place. The Chinese food is out of this world: duck is the least of worries with the chicken, noodles, rice, and all the other including beef and pork with veggie entrees offered.If you even still have an appetite to hit the fall off the bone spare ribs, perfectly fried chicken. mashed potatoes and gravy, BBQ baked beans and more than I dare remember or mention, you are a true trooper. If you want true Mexican cuisine, you'll find it here to boot.Then there's the pork chops, beef dishes that I can't pronunciate and more.., including a fantastic Italian station with eggplant parmesan, meatballs, spaghetti, chicken or plain alfredo and you can keep on going.Did I mention fresh sushi made on the spot. Well it's there and much more. Full calorie desserts and those sugar free that taste the same. Of course all the beverages, except booze you could possibly imagine.And unlike the Mirage where it's one big dining room of tables and chairs, this place actually has boothes and walls between diners giiving it a much more intimate or at least private dining atmosphere if you could call it that. Been to many buffets, yet other than the private brunch at Caesar's this bloe the doors off all others. And they have to to because the place is not right in town, yet well worth the trip.Also very reasonable price-wise.Do I even need to say I reccomend? Fabulous!Oh, I forgot, full bar as well for extra. Enjoy!
5	Staff is incredible to VIP guest! VIP guest get to skip lines and get seated super pronto! My fave is the halibut found in Asian section. Also found in the Asian section is there cucumber salad right next to the sushi... If you know what lumpia sauce taste like, that's exactly the dressing for the cucumber salad, taste ok but I've had better. As for fresh fruit, I'm happy that Feast Buffet offers fresh lychees! Delisssh! Ok and you can't beat $6.99 for lunch buffet! I don't know if that's just weekend price but still $6.99 is amazing price for buffet. Enjoy!
4	The food here has great variety and is quite good. Prepare to stand in line to get in during peak hours. Try the ice cream it is terrific!
2	I really expected better, from all the great reviews for this place. We waited in line for ages on a Saturday night, but that's really not unexpected. The price was great, the server was very polite. The food.. Well, the whole thing was like a pretty golden corral, if you've ever been to one.. The sushi was not prepared correctly, but you kind of expect that not to be too great, it's not an asian buffet. None of the other asian food really looked appetizing either.. The italian was ok, nothing more. The pizza tasted ok, but the crust was soggy. The prime rib, however, was delicious. Honestly, it seemed like they had all the right ingredients.. But the flavors for almost everything were just a little off, like they had good intentions but hired improperly trained chefs. Next time we go to Red Rock, we'll probably try something else, even if the price is higher.
4	Red Rock Casino Hotel has a pretty good buffet.  We ate the dinner buffet on Saturday night, the Sunday brunch buffet and the weekday breakfast buffet.  Note:  Sign up for Boarding Pass to get the special buffet prices.The dinner buffet and the Sunday brunch buffet each cost $12.99 - such a lot of food for this meagre price.  The breakfast buffet is even cheaper; $4.99.  Good variety of food - seafood, sushi, Chinese, Mexican, American, Italian and Desserts.  Breakfast has an omelette station, eggs benedict, sausages, bacon, scrambled eggs.  Good food for a good price.
5	Must hit the omelet station and the prime rib.  Always save room for dessert
3	Out of all the buffets I've been to in Las Vegas this is just average. My mom and I went to eat there for lunch because she had gone here for breakfast the week before and loved it. There's a lot to pick from and I didn't try everything so if you're hungry and want to eat go for it. But if you're going as a tourist or taking your family and friends out to eat and show off Las Vegas, don't go here. There are waaaaaay better buffets out there than this. Here are some dishes that I downright just didn't like:NoodlesRibsPorkPotato BallsSome of the ricepizza (yep even this)
3	I've been to the feast buffet 3 times and the food is consistently mediocre. There is decent value here, but the food is as you should expect. You are getting what you pay for. That said, each time I've tried the feast buffet it's satisfied what I've wanted. Except the time I wanted a donut for breakfast and they ran out. Because the buffet is a good value expect to wait in line. Especially during peak tines.
3	The buffet is decently priced.  There is a great selection of foods, but the quality was a-okay.  The sushi section only had a few types of sushi.  The rice was pressed too firm and just fell apart after the first bite.  We were really looking forward to the desserts section, but it was a disappointment.  The gelato was almost melted by the time I ate it.  After eating at the buffet two days straight, we had to pass the next day.
4	Yelpers, please note that the price you pay for other buffets are 3x the price you'll pay for Feast Buffet so don't expect the selection or quality to be the same.  It's like comparing steaks from Denny's to steaks from Gallagher's (New York - New York Casino.)The higher the price equals higher quality.Friendly service and great staff.  Can't complain.
4	Not my favorite buffet, but definately a good value.  Good selection, a little bland, but still tasty.  And very convenient.
3	I have been to this buffet on several occasions. The food is ok, but I'm not really a big fan of buffets. The only thing I like about them is the endless choices of beverages and a plethora of dessert options, two things I usually don't order when I go to a regular sit down restaurant. I came here for my friend's rehearsal dinner and they were very good about accomodating such a large group of people. The service was good and it's a good option when you have a huge group of people with different food preferences, so I would highly recommend this place for larger groups as well. All in all, it's a pretty good buffet for the price, if you're into that sort of thing. =)
4	Amazing food for the price. Make sure you sign up for their rewards card so you can get $5.00 off. The food is very diverse and high quality. I would highly recommend this place to anyone willing to try the traditional food from the "Strip".
4	This is a solid buffet. It has sushi and brisket which is a little different from most buffets that are off the strip. You can't go wrong with the member card either as that significantly lowers your price. The lines are hellish long though. Expect to wait about 30 mins easy whether it is lunch or dinner. I love their olives and mushroom salad as their salad bar area has alot of unusual tasty treats.
3	We came here for Sunday brunch the other day and it was a pretty decent meal. Like most buffets, there were hits and misses.  For most people, the brunch buffet would be a great value.  Cocktail shrimp, fried shrimp, sushi, multiple carving stations, and 2 glasses of champagne for $15 (with boarding pass).  For a vegetarian like me, buffets are never a good deal.  But compared to other buffets, there was a good selection and I left feeling full.  Potato pancakes, french toast, green beans, mac n' cheese, a good salad bar, and even (not so good) tofu veggie stir fry.  I was also (super) excited to have (a lot of) cucumber sushi rolls.Service was great, the place is clean, and the food turns around quickly so it's fresh.  There is a ginormous line to get in, however.... you will get stuck behind families of 9+ people trying to get a table.  Don't get there when you're starving or you may pass out before you are seated.
2	I thought this buffet would be on point since Red Rock is a nice hotel and casino. But it was severely lacking. The pad Thai bland with to much spice. The salad section wasn't on par with other station casinos. The Mexican station the meat was tough and dry and seemed to be out to long. The sushi had way to much rice and couldn't distinguish one piece from another. The raw shrimp and brisket was delicious. The dessert bar needed more attention on the hot side as alot of trays sat empty. Then a guest lost his dinner all over his chair in front of our table.the security staff was helpful to let us in and out while they tended to him. The buffet manager thanked us for being cooperative with the excitement but everyone in the vicinity should of got a free buffet coupon for dealing with that.They did clean it up quickly I might add. All in all visit boulder or sunset or gvr. Even palace station I would say has a better buffet. Step your game up Red Rock. Bring your players card its only 13.99 .
4	Ask me what I had for dinner........everything! I traveled the world and seven seas at the same place! I had Chinese, Mexican, Italian, seafood, Vegan, sushi, seared, fried, baked and raw. I had so much food, I made up for what I paid three times! Human nature. Pay 10 eat 20 = happy human. Not only you get to beat the house, everything else  is very good including service and cleanliness. Every time I have company from out of town I always bring them here and they're always impressed.The only bad thing about coming to this buffet is all the calories You put in,I think I'll have to hit the treadmill now......nah,.. I'll just have a diet coke.
3	Ok buffet.  Nothing to write home about, but good for the points on the players card.  Nothing like a "free" meal
4	Red Rock Feast buffet is pretty darn good! I am always satisfied with the fresh selection of buffet items. They have the basics, the classics and build your own creation stations such as tacos, omelets, and pasta. Fresh sliced meat options, turkey, roast beef, prime rib and ham. They also have shrimp cocktail, simple sushi, salad bar, soups, breads, pizza, enchiladas, fish & chips just to name a few. Desserts are incredible, cakes, pies, gelato, soft serve, cookies, macaroons, etc. Drinks anything you could imagine from chocolate milk, lemonade, coffee, iced tea, and sodas. The lay out is comfortable, spacious with both booths and table seating. The service is always fantastic, the servers always keeping our drinks filled. Great food, wonderful service and fantastic deals with a players card for comped or two for one deals. I have done this buffet many times and will continue to do it every time I am in the mood to be satisfied.
4	By far one of the best buffets in las Vegas!
4	(A quick disclaimer. This review is almost the same as my review for the buffet at Green Valley Ranch. They're the same hotel chain the the buffets are very similar. Both are great choices.)For the price there is no better buffet in Vegas in my opinion than this and the Green Valley Ranch buffet. Get a players club card and get your buffet for slightly cheaper too. The selection is great and the food is good quality for the low price of this buffet. This is definitely a must stop for me whenever I come to Vegas.
4	The price is really a great value here.  Whether I've dined alone, or brought out-of-towners with me, everyone loves the quality and selection for the price.  True, there are better buffets offered at some of the hotels on the strip -- but add that the parking at the Red Rock is plentiful and convenient, smallish wait (10 mins mostly) to get in line and seated - and a great price; it's a no brainer.Depending on breakfast/lunch/dinner - the selections vary, of course.  I recommend coming at a tweener time (ie. 1015am; 4pm) so you get some of the breakfast and then some of the lunch, some of the lunch and then some of the dinner items. You'll also find the wait line is less.  They offer about 8 stations of food: sushi/shrimp/(crab legs@dinner); mexican items; chinese/japanese hot items; american fare; carving station; italian/pizza/pastas (omelet station@breakfast); pie/cake; ice cream parlour and self-serve; and a large center area for salads/olives/cheeses/cold cuts/soups (bagels/toast@breakfast). The host and hostess are always super friendly, and many of the servers are just terrific.  I've eaten here at Red Rock Buffet -- 20+ times...yeah, that would likely qualify me as a fan.  I also will add that I gained 20 lbs in about 18 months with eating like that!
3	Came here with other friends because they had 2-4-1 offers.  It was OK.  On the whole, the quality at the Feast Buffets at all the Station properties has gone down substantially.  Is it worth it?  Yes, if you've got a discount.  Otherwise you can skip it.  Take the drive and go to the Studio B at M Resort.  Way better
4	Breakfast BuffetPrice: $5.00 with Player's Club CardRating: ****-with Card ** 1/2-withoutBill, the daughter-in-law's Dad, invited me to this Breakfast Buffet the day after watching the final game of the World Series last week.Frankly... I hate Buffets... that's with each letter capitalized, with exclamation marks HATE!!!! Why? Long lines. Over-heated or Over-cooked Food. Food that is dried out, that has been sitting for a long time. And even longer lines at desirable food areas. A LOT of waste by people whose Eyes are larger than their Stomachs.Bill has Breakfast with three other retired Gentlemen at this Buffet. Their tactic, which he recited to me, was to arrive BEFORE 8:30am when not very many people have awaken yet. The right side of the Cashier's station is where Hotel Guests and / or Player's Club members queue up to enter Feast Buffet. At 8:30am... the length of the line was about a third of the left-side of the Station... Ha! Envy from the Left!BUT, the wait to be assigned a table is longer than the wait to pay for your meal... a person uses finger gestures to signal to waiters at the Left and Right side of the Buffet the number of guests at the front of this next queue.The most popular area was the Hand-Made Omelet areas... which there were two at either ends of the Buffet area. At 8:30am, the lines were five to seven deep.I hadn't been to a "real" Buffet in quite awhile... it's interesting to see how a Buffet tactically fights waste by it's patrons... Some in-house prepared items such as Quiche, Bear Claws, and Filled Empanadas are only one-fifth the size of similar items found in the real world. If you like these items... be prepared for numerous trips. The Coffee, which we both wanted, came in a stainless steel thermos which could only hold less than four cups of Coffee in total. If you want more... just ask for another thermos.Externally provided Pastries such as Donuts, Maple Bars and such were dry, very dry... as though they had been sitting for quite awhile. I don't know when the Feast Buffet opens, but I guess 8:30am is not early enough for these items.At the end of the meal... it was interesting to do some "people-watching". The majority of people looked like they had a hard night of gambling... with a "Not another Buffet!!"-look on their face. The only people that looked like they were even remotely enthusiastic were kids running around the Buffet. Still... a lot of waste by people at neighboring tables - unfortunately. As for me... my plate was clean!As we were leaving, after our meal, I could see why Bill recommended that we get here before 8:30am... the general Buffet line snaked close to the entrance of the Casino itself! There sure are a LOT of "Feast Buffets" in Las Vegas here at Red Rock & Green Valley Ranch AND at the Station Casinos. Have some Casinos out-sourced their Buffet service to a separate entity that only specializes in Buffets? Seems like it...Bill thought the Breakfast was also Average, at best. But, at Five Bucks (with Player's Club Card), you can't find a better bargain anywhere else. If I had to pay full price... I'd Seriously think of looking somewhere else...
1	Food is garbage.  Dried out Mexican food is crap.  "Sushi" rice is horrible.  Salads come in bags.  Not so fresh.  Only thing descent is the carving stations and deserts.  Those that rate this among the best buffets in Vegas must also think McD's is the best hamburger.The management obviously doesn't eat here or things would change.  Save your money.
3	sometimes you just have to try everything on the menu the santa fe station is head and shoulders the best of the stations buffets
1	We were regulars at The Feast at Red Rock, and have watched the quality decline tremendously.  This past visit, we said "No More"!  There was nothing really good.  The sushi was dried out.  There were 2 stations offering the same bbq pork - one was burnt and the other had so much vinegar, you couldn't taste anything else.  The macaroni and cheese was bitter.  Even the desserts were lousy.  We upgraded to Red Rock from Sante Fe when their food went downhill.  Station Casinos has lost us as buffet customers.
1	The service at this mediocre buffet was sooooo slow.  We were done eating our second helping at the buffet before our drinks arrived.  The staff in general were unfriendly and not very accommodating, save one server.  I would never make the trip out to this buffet since there are so many others in Las Vegas with cheerful helpful staff elsewhere. DON'T BOTHER GOING HERE!
3	Customer service was good but the food was forgettable.
1	Sorry, Red Rock. I love you dearly, but this place is grotesque. I don't like buffets as it is, but this has to be one of the worst. I would never have gone if it were up to me, but I was forced by some visitors in town. None of us were remotely satisfied with the meal. Everything was greasy and foul. We felt like we were all going to get food poisoning. I will be back to Red Rock often, just never again to any buffet - however, if I am forced, it will most definitely not be this one.
4	I'm not a buffet fan, but since i didn't have to cook-I came here. It was great the only thing that was I didn't like was the long lines.
2	Came here on a recommendation of a work associate during a business trip. The hot tip is to sign up for Station Casino's "Boarding Pass" players club card [free] I saved $5 off of dinner buffet with players card and since the sign up gave me free slot play, I used it on my way out and won $8 bucks, so my dinner cost $5.99 [normal price is $18.99]Considering that the cost was so minimal, it was a good value. I normally dont like buffets, but not totally opposed to them. This one is not one of the better buffets, it's typical of most average buffets. The food I liked best here was from the Italian station "Stromboli"
1	This used to be one of the best buffets.  USED TO BE!  Now its terrible.  The kicker is that Stations charges more at this one and Green Valley Ranch than their others.  While GVR is still good (not as good as it was before the price drops, but still good) Red Rock is NOT GOOD.  Several of the Stations $9.99 buffets put the Red Rock to shame.The last 3 visits were terrible.  The last straw was for Thanksgiving dinner.  Nothing tasted good, and the variety was a joke.  They had advertised many things on the special Thanksgiving menu.  Well, let me just say that the 'Barbecue Shrimp' was the small cold cocktail shrimps drown in nasty cold bbq sauce.  Who thinks that's Barbecue Shrimp?  And the 'Lamb Chops' were just hunks of lamb roast plopped onto your plate.  And the sushi... SUSHI?  What sushi??  Mini tuna rolls and thats it?  You get the idea.I understand that when they lowered the price about a year ago, that the variety and quality would go down.  But this one isn't worth any amount of money.  And the $18.99 for Thanksgiving was just ridiculous.  The ONLY saving grace was that we skipped the looooong 1-2 hour lines with the President card.3 strikes and you're out!  We will definately NOT be back.
4	We come here often.  BIG TIP:  go get your free player's club card before you go to the buffet, you save $5 a person.This buffet has never failed us.  It is one of the best deals in Vegas.  I love that it's not on the strip and filled with tourists.  I love the extensive menu choices.  You have Sushi, Italian, Mexican, Southern and a carving station.  There is a huge soup and salad station and don't forget desserts.  You can order their signature alcoholic beverages for $3 (Skyy Vodka).If you love southern food you will find braised oxtails, black-eyed peas, sweet potatoes, corn bread, greens.. OMG  so goodDon't miss the seafood.  This changes depending on season, but last night they had fish 4 different ways, shrimp 3 different ways, black mussel and green lip mussels and an assortment of sushi.  I'm a sushi snob, so I tend to avoid them here, but I love everything else.They also have some of the best raspberry ice tea we have ever ordered out.
3	I prefer the Sunday brunch due to  the upgraded options. Good service for a casino buffet
1	We don't usually go here, but since we got a voucher for a dinner in any of the feast buffet, we decided to go to this one as it suppose to better than the rest of the feast buffets in town.  Much for our surprise, this was a big disappointment as the food quality not even worth the free voucher.  Everything was either way over cooked or too greasy.  Despite the fact that they are charging  more then other feast buffets in town, their food here is just as bad. My recommendation to any of you who happen to be in this casino, skip the buffet, you are better of dinning at the cafe.
2	Only went to this buffet because we were in the casino because my parents like the hotel.  we all got player cards  so we saved a few bucks, but honestly, even at the reduced sunday price, it wasn't worth the money at all.the good:not too much, but the salad bar was alright, it was nice and fresh, the mexican food was probably the best of the regular food and what i had the most of.  dessert was pretty good as they have a lot of pies and stuff you can choose from, and a gelato bar with a few flavor so it was decentthe bad:the fish in the sushi was brown (not light brown, but browner than my skin which is pretty brown).  our waitress kept saying she was sorry for taking forever bringing drinks and how she is swamped with all her tables that she has and she was so busy.  that excuse could have worked if you werent just standing around chatting all the time lady.  if you are so busy, don't stand around chatting to everyone, get your work done.  overall, most of the other food at the buffet was just really bland and didn't taste good.ill pass on coming back here for sure, and i probably won't be back as red rock is so far out of the way from the strip or downtown
2	I added another star for their breakfasts. If you up for this, it's worth the $5.00 per person.
3	Perhaps I wasn't that super hungry that evening after Christmas. We bypassed the long lines, but still waited for a table for our large group. I felt that the quality of the food was not that great. I was excited to try the different rice dishes, but to my dismay, they were all hard. There was too much meat that wasn't delicious (skipped the long line for the carving station) and not enough seafood. Their sushi consists of a huge ball of rice with a thin sliver of salmon covered on top. I only liked the desserts section, where the gelato and cheesecakes were my favorites. I was happy that they had cannoli and that was delicious. It probably wouldn't be worth waiting in a long line to be disappointed overall. I also didn't appreciate mislabeled dishes. I like to know the names of the dishes I'm trying. Service was fair, and our dishes were cleared out fairly frequently.
2	There is a reason why this place is sooo cheap: the food.For two it's less than $11 for breakfast! You can't beat that deal, sure, but the food... Oh the food... Did I lose my appetite oh too quick... Can't complain though, I got what I paid for. You really can't beat a buffet for $4.95.
3	Buffet located in the Red Rock Casino, one of the more popular places for Las Vegas residents to hang out. In addition to this buffet, they have a bowling alley, movie theater, etc. For dinner or Sunday brunch (with the player's card), it's a low $13.99. Came here with a buddy. Both of us were hungry. Both left satisfied.Setting: Located within a casino. As such, there are a lot of smokers. As a result, it smells like smoke. I only mention this because a lot of my friends will purposely avoid areas that SIGNIFICANTLY increase your risk of lung (and esophageal, stomach, bladder, renal, etc.) cancer. That aside, you walk to the entrance where, at the time, only one cashier was working. It took about 25 minutes before we ended up reaching the front of the line. One of the major drawbacks to this dining experience was that there were two people working the cash register but only one appeared to be working. There were plenty of open tables so I can't really see how they'd justify not putting both to work. Oh well. The tables are widely spaced. Regardless, it's pretty loud in the dining area. Every table has great access to the food. Individual grade: 3Waitress: The waitress who sat us down seemed like she hates her job. She responded appropriately with "You're welcome" but never once smiled or made eye contact. Just going through the motions. In stark contrast was the waitress that actually waited our table. She was warm, friendly, and always smiling. Plates were cleared quickly and cups were refilled when they dropped down to about 25% full. Individual grade: 3.5 stars (dropped because of the first apathetic employee)Food: THERE WAS SO MUCH FOOD! International (Mexican), Asian (Chinese), sushi, BBQ, farmer's market (fruit, cheese, salads, bagels, and breads), and dessert. The sushi was not fresh, nor were they generous with the fish. That could be countered by just taking more pieces. The chinese food was unoriginal (orange chicken, chow mein, egg-drop soup, etc.). Surprisingly, the orange chicken was the best dish. Not too much of the bread coating coupled with moist chicken...Mmmmmm. BBQ had some great roast beef. Medium rare with horseradish!!! The most impressive station had to be the dessert. They had approximately two dozen pies and an assortment of cookies, cakes, and ice cream. HUGE SELECTION! Individual grade: 3.5 starsDrinks: Champagne served with Sunday brunch. Mimosas were tasty with a minimal amount of pulp. Individual grade: 4 stars.Recommendation: Definitely try it. Affordable with a large amount of food and great variety.
3	10.99 Adult lunch and 7.99 Children during their lunch. I went on a Saturday right before their lunch rush thank god. I couldn't find their prices any where until I got to the cashier which was pretty frustrating. Great price but the food wasn't special at all. Food: 0/5  Like I said, food wasn't special. They had a sushi bar that had your Americanized California rolls or the tuna roll. They had an area for Asian stir fry. Also an Italian area where they had pizza and spaghetti. They also had an American area with a roast and other BBQ & your dinner side dishes. I didn't see much of "lunch" in their selection. Salad bar: 3/5 I really liked their salad bar, it had fresh greens with different salad dressings with a few choice of soups. The only bad part of the salad bar was a lot of their salads were pre dressed and I don't like heavy dressing on my salads so this was upsetting. Desert: 3/5 The desert bar was pretty good, it had a small variety of pastries but they have quite a big selection of ice creams. I don't like ice cream so I just asked for a chocolate moose pie and had a frozen yogurt ice cream cone. Service: 5/5 I had a really friendly waitress, she was very sweet to my niece. This place being a buffet I really appreciated how quick the bus boy and waitress would take away our empty dishes. It gave us more room on the table which was much appreciated.
3	Foods ok. Cheap if ur an adult with a boarding pass and u drink champagne.  However; if u have kids,this is pretty expensive since the age cut off is 3 n under. All in all, 3 stars for an average rating.
4	Better than I hoped!After a morning hiking at Red Rock, I was tired and hungry and wanted something fast. When we saw the line, we almost went elsewhere. I'm glad we didn't. The line moved fast. There were several different ethnic varieties as is common at Casino buffets. I tried several and found them to be better than average on all accounts. The food was fresh and frequently updated.  However, the real kicker was at the dessert counter. The Spinoni ice cream was outstanding. And their cheesecake was good too. But don't miss the ice cream. What a treat!
4	Great price Is the reason I give this 4 stars. Depends on your luck if you  get a good waiter/waitress. food has many options. Overall pretty good.
4	Not a bad place to get lunch for $7.99(with player's card).  Servers are nice and on top of refilling your drinks and clearing your plates, but then there are a few that aren't perfect.  Like I said, $8 for a good selection of food; Italian, Mexican, Sushi, American.  Bonus is the dessert area.  The ice cream is wonderful, but they need to cool down the bowls.. Ice creams melt before i can get back to my table.  They also need more chef/servers in the dessert area.  No one is usually available to get my cheesecake for me since they keep it in a glass cooler as a display.  Overall, I gave it 4 stars because of the price.
3	For value this place gets a 5 Star rating.  Breakfast is 4.99, Lunch 7.99 and Dinner 13.99 for adults with a free players club card.  Plus you get several 2 for 1 buffets each year with the players club card.  Not a bad deal.  The food is fresh and they really keep the buffet clean.  The selection is not as wide as some of the more expensive buffets but they have some seasonal fare like bagels and lox around Jewish holidays and different themes like Italian week or Irish.Excellent place to take the kids as the price is right and there are many food choices for kids (pizza, mac and cheese, sushi for my seven year old).It is more than worth the price but buffets are always a step down from a sit down restaurant.
3	I love coming to this buffet because of the price and food. Obviously compared to really nice buffets it doesn't stand a chance, but for its price its one of the best. Lots of options and really tasty. The servers are always really polite, although sometimes the people at the front who seat you can be extremely rude when u use your points to pay. My family is big and everyone has a card and they have their own points so we each pay seperetly but with the size of our family they always have a problem seating us together because of the gratuity they didnt charge cause we paid seperate, even though we always offer to pay it up front so that we can. They always give us attitude.
4	Went for the morning breakfast at 4.99 \ person.  The food was decent however the wait was atrocious. They should have expected a larger crowd considering yesterday was mothers day.  I was at least a 20 minute wait to be seated. They had the normal standard fair of eggs , sausage , bacon etc.   They did have some good ethnic flavors as the chiliquiles was very good.  Will i be back ? yes but not in the next coming weeks as we just moved farther away.
1	This place is pretty gross (went for breakfast). 1 star for the price... $4.99However, the food is bad. Nothing is cooked correctly, the food is sparse and the lines are stupid. Waffles were soggy. Eggs were gross. Desserts were bland. Bacon was greasy and floppy.
4	As with any buffet in town, it opens, it's stellar. It ages, it fades. I still really love his buffet, even though its lost its new car smell long ago.There are things that keep me coming back here-the sushi/shrimp, the chocolate boat filled with passion fruit cream, mimosa brunches, and $5 breakfasts!!!These things along as long as they keep em, will keep me as a customer!Their eggs benny at brrfst is awesome!!!
4	In the sea of buffets at Vegas, Feast Buffet @redrockcasino has go to be on top of the list of great deal buffets. The prices at this buffet are very reasonable and you get your money's worth.Breakfast:Monday - Saturday 8:00am - 10:45am $4.99 w/boarding pass card, $7.99 without boarding pass card Lunch:Monday - Saturday11:00am - 3:00pm $7.99 w/boarding pass card, $10.99 without boarding pass card Dinner:Daily4pm - 9pm $13.99 w/boarding pass card,  $18.99 without boarding pass card Sunday Brunch8am - 2pm $13.99  w/boarding pass card,  $18.99 without boarding pass card I highly suggest getting a boarding pass card because you will save some $$ at the buffet. It's pretty easy to get one. All you have to do is sign up at the front of the casino and you ta da - boarding pass! :)There is a lot of selection at this buffet. It's international with different stations dedicated to foods from around the world. They have Japanese (sushi), Mexican (fajitas, quesadillas), Chinese (orange chicken, bao, fried rice), American (mini hamburgers, mac and cheese) and Italian (pizza, pasta). They also have an awesome dessert area (pies, cupcakes, cookies, cannolis, brownies) and a gelato bar! There is so much food, I just can't list it all!I've been here for Sunday Brunch and lunch and they actually have pretty much the same offerings. Sunday Brunch just has champagne, mimosas, an omelet bar and breakfast goodies like eggs, bacon, sausage, corn beef hash and breakfast sweets like donuts, muffins and croissants.  I tried out the omelet bar when I was here. I got a vegetarian omelet and it was great! It had a good share of different veggies and nicely made. The gelato bar here is my favorite! Some of the flavors they had were: mint, vanilla, raspberry, caramel, strawberry and spumoni! The spumoni and caramel were excellent. Sweet and creamy, it's the perfect dessert at lunch or dinner or even breakfast brunch (hehe). Gelato and Vegas, how can you go wrong?Lots and lots of selection with decent prices! Don't forget to get your boarding pass for even more savings! :)
3	The previous reviewers got it right:5 Star Dessert Bar:  The hand scooped ice cream is out of this world.  The pies and pastries are awesome.4 Star BBQ Station:  Very good beef and turkey sliced to order.3 Star everything else.  The Italian, Asian, International, American, Sushi,and Salad bars were all average at best.
3	What can I say? Its a decent buffet. What I like about this buffet is that its nice and large and not all cramped. They have a nice flow of things and the servers are usually always awesome.Pros:Breakfast Price isnt too badIn Red RockNice selectionChoc croissantsYogurt mixed with red grapes : )Cons:You pay FULL PRICE for kids older than 3!Food is sometimes drySometimes the selection is crappyIve gone for breakfast and lunch, I have to say I really like the breakfast! Usually buffets are a hit and miss with me mainly bc I dont eat like a fat pig and Im picky. I love that you can have any drink for free, non alcoholic of course. I also really love the omelet bar! Its great when you get a nice fresh perfectly cooked one! I always tip the guy making it! Poor dude, hes busting ace trying to make 100 omelets. They offer your standard fair: eggs, bacon, sausage, country fried steak, biscuits, gravy, eggs benny, and on occasions burritos.Lunch is about the same, burgers, wieners, Asian stuff, Mexican stuff, a carving station, and other yummies.Here they also have a huge salad/fruit bar that is sooo fresh and delish, and they also have a grandiose sweets area. It includes gelato and sugar free options.Here its not a bad price, 4.99$ for brekkie and 7.99$ for lunch with your players card. What I dont like is that I have to pay full price for my 6 year old son. Why am I going to pay the same price as a grown man would?
2	Obvious cutbacks in the last year.Food quality is slipping but the service is great as always.
4	Be prepared to wait in an epic long line for the dinner buffet.  Bring your patience.  That being said, the food was really worth the wait.  The price is phenomenal for the amount and quality of food offered.  The salad bar had a nice selection and was very fresh.  There are a ton of options from all different types of cuisine - sushi, mexican, bbq, italian, american, chinese, etc.  there were so many selections, that you couldn't even try everything even if you wanted to.  the bbq ribs were really tender and flavorful.  i didn't have one bad thing there.  the dessert selection is really incredible.  i had the chocolate pudding pie and it was so yummy and surprisingly light.  they have fresh scooped ice cream too - i didn't try it - but it looked really good.  The service was decent as well.  I would definitely recommend this buffet for the food and the price, but like I said, that line is crazy, so just be prepared for it.
3	We got the sunday brunch buffet for ~16 and the dinner since we stayed a bit longer ;)- Great selection when you eat brunch late! We got there at 230pm. They start the dinner buffet right away, at 4pm, so we got to enjoy both! :)- Tastiest dishes for brunch: Tacos, wanton soup, pizza, shrimp pasta, omelette- Avoid dishes for brunch: lame sushi,  stale french toast,  dry roast beef, super thin bacon,  well done eggs benedict! Tastiest dishes for dinner: salmon and shrimp nigiri, calzone, - friendly service. drink refills were fast. hot chocolate was satisfying.- spumoni on a cone :)- boarding pass works for 4 people!
1	They need to close this place down and start all over !! What a shame from the horrid service to the lousy food this is by far one of the worst, if not the worst buffet in this town !!We got there early on Saturday around 4:30 and almost everything was empty.But it really didn't matter because when they did replinish the food it was so bad that we wished we had not gone at all. They don't have prime rib but instead "roast beef" which was so tough that itcould not be chewed....desserts were mouths full of sugar....salads were limp from sitting so long and a piece of chicken one of us got was actually "ice cold" and white colored as in "not cooked".The Mexican station had several soups and we asked for a bowl and they said we had to go over to the salad bar to get a bowl...what ????? same thing with the Chinese station and the egg drop soup...no bowls.That pretty much sums up the lack of management in this place. We will NEVER go back and you would be wise not to either !!
4	Some of the food is dry, like the salmon I had this weekend at the lunch buffet.   The biggest problem we have with the buffet is they need a new manager to run it & properly staff & run it.  We waited in line about an hour for breakfast & there were empty tables all over, & most were not cleared by bus boys. They didn't have enough staff, & with only 2 cashiers working up front, they were set up at all levels to only serve about half the people who wanted to dine & this was a slow weekday.  You would think that when there are people who want to give you money, you could staff up & properly run the buffet.  When we finally got seated the woman who took us to her table stuck a piece of gum in her mouth as she walked us to our table & she had an attitude of "I don't care" as she told us our server would be there soon.  Our Mexican server (female) was very good though & helpful except they don't give you spoons unless you ask for them & everyone needs one for the ice cream, etc.   The ice cream is great, my favorite desert.    Waiting so long in line when we got there about 10:45 am is just crazy & not the way to run a business.   Since I like the food and it is cheap I am giving it another shot tomorrow morning, but earlier.  It opens at 8 am.    P.S. I like that when you order coffee they  bring a pot to the table for you.
4	The buffet with the players card is $7.99 for lunch monday - thursday. Definately worth it; however, the sushi selection at lunch is bad, only  a few items and some of the rolls are really tiny, you could put 4 pieces in your mouth at once. The prime rib was okay, but not great and the chow mein and sweet & sour pork was great. Dessert was awsome, i had chocolate cream pie, banana cream pie, and cappucino gelato. Our server was good, checking on us more than buffet servers usually do.
3	Food was okay, not the best. Kind of expensive considering it was almost $20 per person.
3	We came here on a Thursday evening. 2 AYCE dinners. 15.12 each with boarding pass- NEW Sign ups get a 2 for 1 buffet! - Already used it? Ask your friend to sign up and use theirs! haha. Cashiers don't check. Make sure you bring cash! haha :D- 30-35min wait time at 8pm. Err'body hungay bruh. - $3.75 ATM fee. dammit! :/- Nigiri sushi fail. I guess you have to come earlier- Love the chinese fried chicken! small wings! better than the american style.- Get the tofu stir fry! - Soups are tasty, even though a bit salty. get the hot and sour soup and chicken noodle!- Always have to get tacos! Not as wet as Sunset Station- BBQ ribs bonus! summer special! - Chopped sweet potatoes! At Sunset, they give you the whole piece!
5	You cannot beat the price of this buffet!  For what, $15-$17 you get pretty much the same variety of food that you would get at a buffet in a strip hotel that would easily cost you $10-$20 more!  Trust me, I've been to a lot.At first my intention was to deduct stars for this buffet because my mom and I waited for over an hour in the freaking line!  Never in my life have I waited that long.  However, once we were seated our waitress told us the problem was that someone made a reservation for 200, YES 200 people, and they had an entire section blocked off for them.  But them hoes (my words) never showed up and that's what made the wait so long.  So I couldn't fault The Feast for these lames.  And then they ended up showing up over an hour late and were expecting to get seated.  The Feast did the right thing by seating them spread out throughout the restaurant instead of holding up the line again trying to make a space for 200 people together.ANYWAY, back to my food I had:roasted chickenstuffing and gravystring beanssome sort of pot pie filling that was deliciousbeef fajitasricebeanschicken noodle soupfried ricebeef and brocsushisingapore noodleskorean ribsshrimp penne pasta with pink saucespumoni ice creamcookies and cream pudding shooterchocolate chip cookieThey also had a bbq station and salad station which I did not try.Everything was so good but I'd have to say the pasta station was the best.  I grabbed some shrimp from the sushi station and had the chef throw it in my pasta.  I couldn't decide on which sauce to get so I had him mix the alfredo with marinara and it was the best idea ever.  The Feast at the Red Rock hotel is definitely worth checking out.  If you love buffets but don't want to spend a bunch of money, come here.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	I don't do buffets. Something about food sitting on a counter as countless people walk by and touch and poke at it just grosses me out. But my husband wanted to eat here for breakfast and so we did. And you know what? I liked it.We didn't use a player's card when we paid and the two of us came to $17.00. There were a lot people eating but the line was short. We got in line at 9 am. I got a bagel and eggs and bacon and hashbrowns. And then the waitress forced me to eat a chocolate donut.The food was good and it was fresh too. I guess when the buffet is so busy they are constantly preparing new food so nothing is out too long. When we were leaving the restaurant the line was insane, no way I would have waited in it if it was like that when we got there.
2	Ok so not my favorite, I'm not a huge buffet girl in the first place but this one has numerous problems.  I went on a Sunday morning for their brunch which includes a complimentary mimosa [yum].1) ordered coffee-got no spoons to stir it :(2) they have sushi on the buffet at 9 am?  that's weird3) they had a bowl of watermelon by the Asian sauces?  just seemed really out of place4) Oxtail wasn't bad and the mini spinach quiche was good too-everything else was average or below average at best. Loaded mashed potatoes were pretty good too.5) Pepper shrimp were way overcooked and dried out resembled beef jerky and they weren't peeled so you had to do that process6) fried rice was the saltest thing I've ever tasted in my life7) only one guy making omelets- needed more people. And sadly the omelet guy was right smack in the middle of one of the buffet rows. The Italian one to be exact?  Why there I have no idea makes no sense? AND the other issue was there was a line of like 10-15 people which backed up over all the Italian food [again had like a bunch of lunch or dinner items at 9 am in the morning????) Row went like this breakfast calzone, pancakes, pizza, omelet guy, Italian food. Pizza didn't look good either8)  They had full salad bar out again, you betcha at 9 am [who eats salad at 9 am?]  They also had a full BBQ section out w/ like baby back ribs and fried chicken again it's 9 am?9) for brunch I'd like to see more brunch things, eggs bennie, breakfast pizza, egg white and spinach something or egg whites in general.  Maybe some breakfast casseroles, chicken sausage, something.  There was just too much lunch at brunch and not enough breakfast options. Crab legs would've been nice too :)
1	There are certainly a lot of people who think that Red Rock is one of the best local casinos in town and I will admit that it had a lot going for it. That is, it HAD a lot going for it. Over the past two years I have watched as this once great Red Rock has slowly soured into a joke that is not at all funny. There seems to be no aspect of this casino that has not deteriorated in quality, with the rare exception of the Yard House (which is not associated with the casino).But let's keep the focus of this review to the Feast Buffet. I have eaten at the Feast Buffet on a very regular basis for several years, although it had been a few months since I was last there. With some friends in town, it was a good option for a good budget meal, so we went this past Sunday.First of all, I am supposed to be a VIP of the Station Casinos, with a Presidential status that was earned almost completely at the Red Rock. The President status is supposed to get me a 50% discount on the buffet, but it only amounted to about 25%. So the Sunday night buffet is $19 per person ($15 after my VIP discount). One would think at those prices, we were about to be pampered with some great food choices. Boy were we wrong - very wrong.Let's just sum this all up with a reference that I think we can all relate to - the food quality and choice was what one would expect to find at Sizzler (but of course, at twice the price). There were less options to choose from than there used to be and what was there was crap, just pure crap. No prime rib, shrimp or crab legs, something they were calling sushi (ha!) and a plentiful collection of some of the cheapest menu items a buffet can offer. It reminded us of a cattle feed lot, troughs of a food like substance that all tastes the same.Crap - pure crap!
2	We went sept 3,2012 at about 1130a and waited in line for 55 minutes.  The food was a 3.5 star and the sushi bar needs help it was horrible. The reason this place gets a 2 is their service. Our server hates his job. He Killed my whole experience. We had to Ask him everytime we needed something. He wasn't wearing a name tag but was a white tall guy, skinny in his early 50s and had the west side section. He needs to be sent to customer service training. Ugh, not going back.
4	I have always really liked this place, and I see the reviews are really erratic-both sides of the spectrum.I have been here numerous times on several occassions, or none at all. Went for breakfast today (get the free players card, it made breakfast $4.99) and really for the price, you can't beat it. I pretty much go for the eggs benedict. The way to my heart has always been large variety in small portions, so hence the reason I love this place. I think I had 10 things on one plate.Eggs benny, hash browns, a sausage, bacon, biscuit with gravy, corned beef hash, blintz with strawberry sauce, mini blueberry pancake, mini potato cake, small scrambled egg pile and 2 mexican breakfast dishes I forget what they were named. ok so 12.What really blew me away this time was :1. our server was the best damn buffet server I've ever experienced-big bald white guy, awesome!!! I wish I had more tip money to give him! Very attentive and didn't forget anything.2. The water is now served in big glass decanters with lids, like at Wicked Spoon. kudos!3. The coffee was delicious, and it was real cream in a little potThey've really upped their game since last time I went there.If you're gonna complain about a $5 breakfast, you're obviously an assh*le, and maybe the really low price makes me bias, but I just love this breakfast. Where else in Vegas can you get everything you want on one plate for such a low price? As far as buffet breakfasts go, this place is my fav hands down! You can get $5 breakfast any day except Sunday, when they are doing Sunday brunch ($13.99 and you get mimosas!!) See ya next time red rock!
5	The food is great, nothing else to say!!!
2	The lines keep getting worse and the quality of food is significantly less on lunch vs. dinner.  Ironically, dinner costs roughly 40% more.  Still good food, and a decent value with the players card.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat. Good selection, Definitely the cleanest Buffett in Vegas. Also has a really great environment. Allows you to have a conversation with your table without a microphone.
1	Never have I ever gone to a place paid my money then ask for it back!! The food in this place is so bad I wanted it back. Ok first of all while waiting in line I was looking around and was liking the decor and the seating arrangements the red rock has got to be the best casino for foot traffic. But the people they hire to prepare the food needs improvement. Let's start with the Asian section think of the worst Asian buffet place you have been to. It's still better the stuff they try to call Asian food here. (I'm not the only one who thinks so cause when I sat down to try it my self an Asian couple had left their plates full of the food from the Asian) Now the American food they had macaroni and cheese that I regretted getting the butterfly shrimp they had was ok needed a little ingredient known as salt. Everything their could have used some salt. There was no flavor in anything other than the soft serve ice cream I got. They don't even know how to make Italian food it's really disappointing. I wouldn't give it any stars but the decor and atmosphere give it one star. Red Rock employees if your reading this you need somebody to come and show the people in the Feast how to cook because what they are doing now is insulting. Just because it is a buffet doesn't mean putting out crap is acceptable.
3	This buffet has a good breakfast for only $5 you definitely can't beat that price and it seems that everyone agrees because it is always busy here for breakfast on the weekends. What I don't understand is breakfast is very busy most times that I've come but they only put breakfast items into a small area of the buffet and close the rest of the station. This causes long lines and is ridiculous. I don't order omelets so I don't wait in that line but yet there are 15 people in line JUST to get meat for their breakfast (sausage, bacon, hasbrowns etc) They definitely need to spread this out so that there isn't a cluster of people. Lunch is $8 and the food is average, not great but definitely not bad at all. I do enjoy coming here. Desserts are definitely lacking here and they have a very small selection
4	One of the best local Stations Casino buffet in the valley right side by side with Green Valley Ranch Casino! This place is kept clean & classy.  Feast Buffet at Red Rock has a modern feel to it! The food and quality is pretty decent...not your creme de la creme of buffets but definitely not your cheap down town casino buffet. The food comes fresh and tasty enough to enjoy!  Your usual various stations from Mexcan, Asian, American and Italian.  They have an amazing pork chop done with mushrooms and onions and a gravy mix similar to alfredo sauce.  Tender in texture and in chew, the cream compliments the savory meat in your mouth.  you will find an assortment of fulfillment. At a reasonable price, one can find deals every now and then.  Sign up for a local stations card at red rock and receive discounts like 2 for 1 and sometimes a certain percentage off buffet prices.  A few times last August my wife was able to get a buffet for 4 people for only $12.00....practically $3.00 per person....amazing! Check out my tip on this place for a secret suggestion that is not really a secret at all!
4	I went to visit some family at Red Rock Hotel and they treated us to the Feast Buffet. I was thinking it would just like the strip buffets but then realized it was in a local casino so I lowered my expectations. I hate here during lunch and is just like any other buffet you would find in any other off strip hotel except for the Buffet at M Resort which is way better in my opinion. The food here is nothing exciting with your Asian, Mexican, American, Seafood, Italian and Dessert stations you'd find in most off strip buffets. What I liked was the price and you can save the rest for the casino or whatever. Service was great and our waitress was quick refill our drinks, buffet areas were clean and I liked the contemporary design.
5	Can't beat the price!  $13 dinner buffet!  The fried chicken was awesome!  Excellent dessert selection.  Lovely ambiance.  My favorite new Vegas Buffet, better deal then the strip buffets, albeit no king crab.
4	Ok, so I definitely love that this buffet is totally cheap like 6.99 I think if you have the player's card and the breakfast is Yum, Yum, Yum!!  I loved everything at the breakfast (spec. the French toast, waffles, frittatas, sauseeg), and of course being a little piggy at the buffet I stayed for the overlap to lunch so I could have the best of both worlds for less than 7, how can you beat that?!
4	I can see why their buffet is a bit more than most. The restaurant setup is more well done then others. The food is a lot fresher here as well. I totally loved the cheesecake shooters! I indulged and had more than 1..2...3...4...ok don't judge but it didn't stop there! Servers were very nice and observant. Dirty plate moved to the side, was gone in a quick second. They had a mix of different cuisines that looked scrumdiddlyumpcious so deciding on what to start with was a bit difficult. They have a huge salad section in the middle of the restaurant! This place was huge as well!
1	OK I am going to stick to the buffet here because the  casino itself I found to be very lovely.  This buffet had to be the worst food I have ever eaten and that's what I could eat because I found 80 % of the buffet choices not even edible.  I have had many buffets over the last few years of living here in Vegas but this was absolutely .... Well lets just say  I  have serious concerns of being sick tonight.  First  it was lunch time  Saturday afternoon ..  We were shocked to find a line  that well lets just say.. IT WAS TO LONG!!! We waited in line for a hour and what we saw shocked us.. Table after table sitting stalemate after  the patrons had left.  All of the people standing in line  waiting and waiting and watching tables empty and not being turned proper.. You know how aggravating that is to see when your waiting in line for a hour? I can tell you its extremely annoying.. So after the hour wait we are finally seated and  now its time to stand in line at the buffet.. What I saw SHOCKED ME !!! Food that looked like slop thrown in trays. I couldn't even tell you what most of it was because it was not labeled. So I stuck with what I knew and what didn't look like a health hazard..  Fried Chicken breast!!!!!! DRY AS CRAP.... Mash potatoes!!!!  COLD AS CRAP.. Macaroni and cheese!!!! IT HAD CHUNKS OF I DON'T KNOW WHAT IN IT.. Slice of turkey breast !!!!! COLD AND DRY....  This food tasted like it was leftovers from the previous night buffet.. It was extremely disgusting..  I thought well I am parking my butt at the  dessert counter no one can screw that up.. Oh MY Lord I had to eat my words.. I had a cookie that was hard as a rock..... And Stale!!!!  Yes I said stale.. Carrot cake.. So stale it was hard around the edges, I put it in my mouth and spit it out.. So now well tonight I have to just hope and pray I don't get sick.  This buffet is truly  nasty and I am NOT a pampered diva..  Please people don't  do this to yourself.
3	$4.99 breakfast; $7.99 lunch & BOGO dinner.... How can you beat that price??!! Even with just the salad bar and drinks alone you get your money's worth!!! The food quality is just your average Vegas buffet but it's pretty tasty! I think all the Station Casino Feast buffets taste the same & I like that everything looks clean! Avoid dinner rush times if you don't want to stand in line~ We always request Arnold D as our server.. he's fast, friendly and always remembers us! Hot Tip: make sure to get a free boarding pass player's card to get the most discounted prices!!!!
4	This is probably the best of the Feast Buffets. We came on a Friday night, half expecting a nightmare line. There wasn't one! It's prettier, decor-wise, than the other locations, but the layout of the tables is sorta weird. They really try to cram as many tables in as possible. Where there might be a nice big aisle between tables, they've decided to put little two-person tables. This makes the space between the tables very small and, if you're seated at that tiny table like we were, there are constantly people walking by, perilously close to dragging the bottom of their jacket through your food. If I return, I'll definitely be one of those pains in the ass that screws up the whole seating line by requesting a booth (normally, I hate those people, but this place definitely necessitates it).Anyway, the main reason we came here was that I wanted a buffet that had sushi (and didn't want to spend $$$), so that's where I headed immediately. There were your basic 3 varieties of rolls; they were tasty! They definitely don't let the sushi sit out for ages. Aside from that, there are your basic areas: American, Italian, Mexican, Asian, salad and dessert. Pretty basic buffet, slightly better quality than the other Feast buffets. I'd go again, if I happen to be in the area!
4	We had a good dining experience. It was relatively quiet the service was pretty good and the food was as fine as any of the Feast buffet lines. Nothing jumped out that would make this a memorable trip.
1	Took a party of 8 here for Christmas Eve. The charge was $18 and they charged an additional 18% gratuity! the table wasn't set up for us, service was nonexistent & food was terrible. It was so bad my husband walked out & went to Fat Burger. What a disappointment. I thought I was going to really treat my kids to a special meal. Instead the memory left us empty handed.
3	decent food, but good price. if you're not willing to spend some big bucks at vegas, then this buffet is a-okay!i actually enjoyed the philley rolls in the sushi section lol. the desserts were not that good, but everything else was pretty good!
3	The Buffet at the Red Rock, "Feast" is decent.  The price is good.  The carved beef is about a par, not bad to call it sub-par, but not great to rave about it either.The selection is good, it's an international buffet featuring Mexican, Japanese, Chinese, Italian, American, Seafood, Salad(s), Deserts and "something for everyone" - - but to me, no signature dish I would always crave or come here specifically for.The price and selection makes this an above average option.If you're a hotel guest, you can get line cuts through their express line, which helps.  I hear some of the locals are able to find coupons for 2 for 1, which would make this a fantastic deal for any couple or family going out for a meal.
4	This is the most reasonable well-done buffet in Vegas. Everything is fresh and they strive hard to make it unique and not just run of the mill. From raspberry vinaigrette beets, cous-cous feta salad, to sweet potato salad they push there salad bar into  interesting. They  even had German selections for Octoberfest.! The prime rib is very nicely done(with a selection of rare to well) and you can't beat it for the money. The ribs/chicken bbq items have a very nice rub and smoky flavor and are worth a try. The pies are from a local baker and very good. wait staff and decor very nice, clean and well run!
3	I am not a huge fan of buffets. I am a fan of leftovers, which they don't really approve of at buffets. However, my wife and dad love buffets. When we lived in Las Vegas we probably went to the Feast buffet about once a month with my parents. While I'm not keen on buffets, I do have to say that as far as buffets go, the Feast is pretty decent. During breakfast/brunch, the pecan rolls can't be be beat.During lunch and dinner, the gelato is a must.Beyond those items, the Feast always has a wide variety of food and there is certainly something for everyone. Also, if you show your player's card you get a couple bucks off. If you like buffets, you'll love the Feast. If you're like me and usually hate buffets, you may actually like the Feast.
4	for an area that has rampart and the suncoast, the feast buffet is a good deal. the omelettes by art in the mornings are top notch (hope he still works there). my only complaint is that the service is a little on the poorer side. however, it doesnt take away from the great meal.
3	This was my first visit for Sunday Brunch.  It was located in the Red Rocks Casino in Las Vegas.  I was with some locals who had a 2 free meals coupon and a couple of BOGO coupons.  The total was about $30 for the 6 of us with all the discounts.  There was very little wait to be seated.They had International, Mexican, Asian, Italian, American, BBQ, Seafood, Salad, and Desserts.  The dessert selection was very small.  I would have liked to see more mini cakes.  The breakfast items were minimal.Our empty plates piled up on our table and our drinks were empty.  We saw the server maybe twice.The restrooms were located outside of the restaurant quite a ways away.I would return, but there are so many other buffets in Las Vegas.
4	Wow my sister and I ate for only 17 dollars because we had a buy 1 get free coupon. This buffet has a little of everything  Italian ,oriental, barbecue, international, Mexican food. I had a salad and humus freshly made along with chicken jambalaya. Finally for desert ice cream mint n chip and cheese cake. Dollar for dollar the best deal in vegas.
4	We went to the Feast buffet for Christmas dinner with some friends. Other than the line the experience was great. The food was fresh and delicious all around. Back to the line though....1.75 hours to get in at around 6-630 PM Christmas night. Our servier said that was the shortest duration she had heard to that point when we were seated around 8 PM. Yikes! I didn't take the line into account since it was Christmas and I've never seen a line like that there in other trips to Red Rock.
2	It's a buffet. We all know what that means and what it normally entails. And this isn't one of your fancy buffets on The Strip with marble floors and carefully-crafted dishes. The price is ridiculously cheap and the food can be decent. I've only been here for breakfast and with my parents (since they like it and have lots of comps). Their omelette station is wonderful since you can get something fresh and to your liking (I also like all their fresh vegetable selections). The bacon, Potatoes O'Brien, and corn beef hash tend to be good as well. Nothing is stellar nor consistent in taste, so currently not my choice of dining. It is perfect for a quick, casual, inexpensive meal for a group without having to decide what everyone wants to eat. Service is usually really good.
1	The manager is Very, very rude and unhelpful!!! Very bad experience. And about quality of food, VERY mediocre for the price. Never again! I'm giving 1 star because I can't give 0!!!!
1	This is the worst buffet I have been to in 20 years of living in Vegas. Everything was cold and there wasn't much variety of good food. The service was awful too. I won't be returning
3	I've recently moved to Vegas, and live very close to the Red Rock Casino. I have been to this buffet for about 4 times last week, overall, not impressed. Yes, it is cheap and close by, but the food quality is pretty low. Sushi is inedible (if you've ever had ok sushi), a lot of breakfast dishes were very cold, asian station is way too greasy. I mean, it's ok for what you pay for, but I think the buffet at Palms for the same price is a lot better. The only thing I enjoyed was their bakery/desert station. I like they have a big variety of low sugar/ sugar free items. The banana cream pie was tasty.
4	I met a friend here for lunch and as a players card member I got a very nice discount for us! The food was quite good, especially the Asian food. the desserts were very nice and each station has something delish worth going back for seconds on. I love RED ROCKS!!! it is my fave Station Casino by far!
2	For such a big operation it took the Host 15 minutes to seat my party of 6.  It set the wrong tone to have them move us to the side, literally, and continually seat 12 other parties ahead of us.  I guess it IS really hard to push two tables together, which is what they ended up doing.The wait staff seemed overworked.  Drinks came VERY slowly, which is disappointing when you consider that is half of their job.. drinks and busing the tables.They had a good range of food in their salad bar and the carving stations in the 'American' section.  were good.  Desserts were average at best.
2	Well.. Lets just say I'm glad this meal was free. I got two free dinner buffets for cashing out my income return tax here. We came here on a Sunday around 4pm. The service was really good. And there was a large selection of food. Of bland food.I tried many things including: roast beef, turkey, hush puppies, pepperoni pizza, corn bread, corn, mashed potatoes, baked potato, soba noodles, mac n cheese, nachos, beef, pineapple, and cookies n cream ice cream. My boyfriend also tried a bunch of different stuff. We both agreed, the food was extremely bland.My pepperoni pizza was rock hard. I thought it would be fresh since they reopen for dinner at 4... The mac n cheese didn't taste like cheese at all. To cut it short, the only thing I did enjoy was the mashed potatoes, baked potato, and corn bread. I would not return. I don't know if I would even return if it was free. It just didn't cut it for me.
4	$20 lunch for two with drinks and dessert? While the food is standard fare comparable to a good ole Chinese buffet, the dessert is quite good. A lot of "NSA" options. As if you'd be worrying about sugar when you eat at a buffet. They have different ice cream flavors, gelato, AND soft serve with a topping bar of course! You can even make an ice cream cookie sandwich if you so desire. The pastry section offers different kinds of pie and again, with sugar-free options.$3 specialty drinks if you want some adult bevies.Excellent service, it's like they're secretly watching you eat and clear your plate as soon as you eat your last bite and refill your drinks right away. Sign up for a boarding pass card for $3 off :)
4	The feast buffet at the Red Rock is pretty good. I went there for brunch with my mom and I was very satisfied with the selection that was provided. For pastries, they had donuts, cookies, muffins, all good things that you would want to eat for breakfast. Of course they had real breakfast items like bacon, eggs, pancakes, waffles, and French toast, which is my favorite kind of food to eat! I was quite impressed with the cornbread they served! The lunch portion had some good prime rib being served along with chicken, Chinese food, Mexican food, and sushi. No complaints whatsoever.
4	Found in Red Rock Hotel & Casino in Summerlin. Reasonable price for a decent buffet. It carries a pretty large selection. Also having a 2-4-1 coupon helps! Regular(non players card) dinner price is $18.99 when I visited a few weeks ago, if I remember. I believe the cost of this Feast buffet is slightly higher than their other Feasts at the other Station casinos in the chain.
4	OK, just as being a consummate food lover...yeah, buffets shouldn't rank the highest in our repertoire (oh you fancy, huh?) of eats.  But I must admit.  I am an addict.  I am a buffet lover.  How's that for freaky behavior?  What supposedly should be sacrilege for a Yelp foodie, I totally embrace.  There's no shame in my game!  You know why?  Because the majority of us can't afford the experience of frou-frou dining!  Those of you that are fortunate enough to have your pink champagne with your beluga caviar on your toasted crostini are commended.  But I come from a blue collar family so my tastes are a little more adjusted to the broad spectrum of what is out there.  I have no qualms trying a fancy suit & tie place (especially if courted by Jessica Biel), but I absolutely have no problems speaking what little Spanish I know to order a taco from a roadside stand.  Food, I believe, should be full circle, enriched in culture for all, a learning experience from place to place.  It is the one way we earthlings can all seem to communicate.  Plus, you should thank your lucky stars if you can even go to a buffet...many people starve daily!  While the buffets for all of Station Casinos are mostly par for the course, the Feast Buffet at Red Rock Casino is probably my favorite one.  Wanna know why?  OXTAIL, silly!  This is one of only TWO cheap buffets (unless you count the Chinese ones) in all of Las Vegas that have oxtail on their menu on a regular basis.  OXTAIL my friends!  I've loved oxtail since I was a kid for reasons I have no idea.  My Mom hates it (stinky when you are cooking it) but thinks I like it because I used to watch my Dad eat it when I was little.  He must have slipped me some of that broth or something.  I swear it's like ingrained in my DNA.  I've never NOT liked oxtail.  In many cultures it's revered as poor folk food, but honestly if that's wrong...then I don't want to be right.  Oxtail is what you think it is.  The tail of the ox.  It's meaty, but it's also fatty & cartilege-y at the same time.  When it is cooked correctly, it is some damn good COMFORT FOOD.  Usually that involves simmering the oxtail with veggies and spices for a pretty long time.  To get the most flavor out of oxtail you really, really got to coax them.  Most of the better recipes I've seen involve simmering the oxtails for hours on end to enhance it's flavor.  The oxtail stew I cook myself takes a total of nearly two days!  I pan fry then simmer those oxtails for at least 2-3 hours, then let them cool and put in the fridge overnight.  The next day, I will skim off all the extra fat from the top of the pot (although I hate to waste it...so in for fried rice it goes), proceed to make my stew...and simmer it for another 2 hours or so.  It tests your patience for sure, but damn if you make it right it pays off!  Heaven on a plate!Back to oxtail at the Feast Buffet.  I am a HAPPY man when they do have this on the line (usually in the Asian section and usually only for dinner) and when they do, it is often the only thing I'll eat.  Along with a bowl of white rice and some kim chee on the side.  Thankfully, this Feast Buffet has kim chee too (most times).  But if I'm eating my oxtail, you best sit aside.  I am a BEAST.  I am FOCUSED.  It's primal.  I hate to get graphic, but if your oxtail is good I will eat every last morsel off of those oxtail bones.  It will get sloppy, it will get slippery, it will get slurpy.  Sorry to be so graphic!  But oxtail is often not just fatty, but full of cartilege.  And when that cartilege gets cooked down it gets sticky.  When you have a bowl of oxtail soup or stew, if you don't have sticky hands or lips at the end, those cooks ain't doing it right.  Oh man...I'm smacking my lips now!  *SMACK*  Tasty, tasty!  Thanks, Fergie.  So yes, this rating is a bit bias because I like oxtail.  If you don't like oxtail then your rating would probably be lower.  This Feast Buffet has pretty much the same fare as all the other Feast Buffets in town.  And majority of the food is average.  But I will give Red Rock this, their buffet setting kinda outshines the rest.  It's a nice place to eat in with all the modern deco.  If there's another think I love besides oxtail, it's a home with clean lines.  I notice there's a lot less cigarette smoke here too so that's a plus.The service for me at least is usually pretty good, fast and very friendly.  The hardest part is the waiting in line!  You could be waiting in line for over an hour.  This Feast Buffet was super popular because breakfast was only $5 per person last year.  Cheap @$$ people like me would line up at 9 AM to save $2 per person on lunch, and stay for lunch!  Guess they caught on and upped the prices a little bit.  Now it's about $7 for breakfast, $9 for lunch, and $14 for dinner with your Station Casino card.  Not bad, but dinner is still my fav meal there.  OXTAIL!
3	Pretty average. Italian meatballs and desserts are good here, most everything else is average buffer fare. Prices are always cheaper if you have a casino rewards card, which are free to get so there is no reason to pay extra. Just go to the casino's card services near the food court and get a free card.
3	As far as buffets go this is a good one. Reasonable price and fairly good selection.
2	Tried the Friday Seafood Buffet for the first time. I was disappointed in the quality of most of the seafood.  The scallops were the tiny bay variety.  The crab legs are small and not worth the effort. Shrimp dishes were average.  The highlight was the two red snapper dishes.  The seafood buffet is about $10 more than the regular buffet and it replaces some of the best meat dishes with substandard seafood options.
1	Even worse than Arizona Charlies buffet, nothing was even close to being hot enough to enjoy eating, the turkey was luke warm and dry as a bone, the mashed potatoes were watery and runny, the brussel sprouts were hard and cold and even the milk had a turned taste to it. As for the desert station it was horrible as well, everything was dry and hard and inedible except the Ice Cream, of course, but had to wait over 5 minutes to get someone to scoop us out a scoop, astonishingly enough the ice cream wasn't bad.  I have eaten at the Feast Buffet at Boulder numerous times and never had a complaint, this is the first and last time visiting Red Rock Feast Buffet.  If I could give it negative star rating I would, stay away from the Feast at Red Rock, it is not worth any money let alone $15 a head after tax.
1	This review is for the attitude and rudeness of the workers. Not only are they cold and irritable at the cash register but I couldn't believe my eyes when one of the food servers didn't have the patience to wait for an elderly man who was getting steamed carrots. She pulled the tray of carrots out while he was still reaching for them with the tongs so she could replace the tray with a new tray of hush puppies. (Yes she saw him) The carrots from the poor man's tongs spilled out everywhere, some into a tray of stew.  This was the most disrespectful thing I have ever seen in all my dining experience. It's strange to me how they put so much effort into putting out decent food but they put no thought whatsoever into the character and attitude of their staff. For me, a general darkening of the mood by rude service people makes going back unthinkable.
3	We've enjoyed the feast buffet before, but here lately, they all seem to be going down hill.  We thought why not give it another try, so after a 30 minute line wait, we got in. The selection hasn't changed, the usual Chinese, Mexican, BBQ, Italian, salad and dessert sections.  Everything looked and smelled good.   Most tasted good, but it's just a plain buffet nothing "special" anymore!
3	This is one of those OK buffets that you would not really write home about - though, I probably will, but then I don't live a very exciting life. But you probably do, so you might want to take a raincheck on this buffet. It's not bad, but for the beautiful Red Rock Casino, I was expecting something a little more special for lunch. They must be saving the good stuff for dinner... at least, we can only hope. This buffet falls into that category with the Luxor, you know, where you expected something unique, but you only found cafeteria food. Not bad cafeteria food, but you feel a little short-changed. Service just ok. That's it, I have to go send an email now...... "Dear Mom, Hope you are fine. Today we went to the Red Rock Buffet. It was good if you like cafeteria food. So, how is your cat?".
4	$24.99 for a seafood buffet is not too shabby! The wait wasn't as long as other buffets such as Wicked Spoon or the M buffet.  You need to have their players club card in order to get the $24.99 price and one card is good for 2 people.  I'm not sure how much it is regularly without the card since myself and my parents had cards and we only needed 2 for our party of 4 that included my brother. They had a good selection of food and I felt that it was worth the $24.99 price.  The only reason I took off one star was for a few reasons: the crab was a little too salty for my liking (although it gave it some added flavor, I was only able to eat one plate full as opposed to my usual 2-3 plates of crab), their shrimp po boys had a weird taste to them (not sure if it was the sauce they put on the shrimp...but also the bread was hard), and their cookies in the dessert section were rock hard.  The dishes I tried included the following: crab legs, steamed mussels, morange glazed mahi, fried catfish and jalapeno hush puppies, tom yum soup, clam chowder, shrimp ceviche, prawns, oyster shooter, and chili mussels.  That's all that I can remember that I ate haha.  I liked that they gave each of us a crab opener device thingy, but I had to ask for more napkins.  One napkin was not enough! They should know that it would get messy! It's a bummer though that this is only offered Fridays in June and not all the time.  I think I shoveled down food way too fast in the beginning because I got full way too fast!
4	Of all the Station Casino Buffets this is by far the best. While no one likes to admit they like the buffets, I do. Not because I can gorge my myself but because I have a hard time making a decision on what I want when I go out. Here, I can get a bite of a few different things and I love it! And if you hate it? Don't eat it and go try something else. The sushi station is usually really good, and I love the Mexican options. The dessert selections leave much to be desired. But maybe that's better for a fattie  like me. Ha. Oops I meant foodie... Or did I?The brunch is great, simply because who doesn't like bottomless mimosas? Happy Sunday! I've eaten here quite a few times and I would come back. Of course I eat here free, so why wouldn't I? If you're in the area, def give it a try. You'll surely find something you like.
3	We went during lunch and there wasn't much of a good selection but it was only 8.99. I have heard the breakfast one is really good but we missed it.I'm not really a buffet person but this one wasn't too bad. I had the turkey, the chorizo sausage(good), the mashed potatoes and some other type of sausage. It was all good enough I thought the mashed potatoes tasted homemade. Our server was fantastic! He was always there with more sodas and to pick up our plates. Up font is a different story there is no organization and it needs to be run better.
4	Food was decent but given it is a buffet that is to be expected. Good price for locals, salad bar and desserts are the best!
2	Food is very plain, lacks flavor....kind of disappointing.....I went on a wednesday for dinner with a friend....Thy were serving sirloin roast...it suck...on positive good service and cheap beer at 3 and cocktails at 3 also...Also the pies are good....I don't recommend
1	If there was zero stars, I think I wold choose this, DO NOT eat here.... I am a buffet guy, I love buffet, that being said this is the worst buffet place I have eaten at... First off, the food was virtually flavorless, that normally isn't a problem when at buffets, sometimes.... It happens. There were three of us that had eaten, and every single one of us lost our food about 10 minutes from calling it quits trying to make this cardboard taste good.  Our waitress was a sweetheart and really was the only reason that I felt I could actually push the one star rating.  Overall this was the worst experience I have ever had at a buffet.
2	Our dinner choice was the recently re-introduced Friday night seafood buffet at Red Rock.  I was conflicted because I like seafood, but a) I do not usually enjoy lunch/dinner buffets, b) seafood in buffets is typically overcooked and c) I tend to make a pig of myself at buffets. Thanks to a) and b), c) did not happen this evening. The variety of seafood offered was surprisingly limited and almost everything turned out to be overcooked. I started out with cocktail shrimp that were undersized and most likely farmed raised in some far away land plus a few hush puppies that were drier than dirt. Dishes were not turning over and when something ran out, the staff was slow to replenish. The one item that turned over quickly was the hot snow crab legs, but these were on the skimpy side and tended to be overcooked. I tried stuffed salmon that was very tasty, but it too was overcooked. The one seafood offering that was undercooked was manilla clams in a Thai green curry sauce with most of them being unopened and uneaten. I did not fare much better with my veggies: a couple of half decent salads, overcooked broccoli rabe and Chinese broccoli that was tougher than Mike Tyson in his heyday.  Shall we discuss the desserts? Suffice it to say, the best choice proved to be the  ice cream.
2	We have been going to this buffet off and on for years and the quality is definitely headed downhill. We took the kids yesterday and we disliked almost everything and we are not picky. The fruit was fine, of course that would be awfully hard to mess up, but the mashed potatoes, grits, pot stickers, rice, and several other little things were pretty bad and left on the plates. My husband did like the pulled pork, and my daughter liked the pork buns....guess it was a good pork day? My favorite thing was the sourdough bread and butter, if that tells you anything. The kids said the ice cream was good, but my pumpkin pie was gross and artificial tasting.We have noticed that the quality is better on Friday, Saturday or Sunday. Not sure if that is because there is more turnover or you cannot use your 2 for 1 coupons those days. This buffet is possibly worth it, if you have the 2 for 1 (8.99 for 2 lunches) otherwise, this would be near the bottom of my list of places to eat.
5	The waiting line is long but it goes by so fast. Theres a wide selection of food to choose from and its all separated by the cultures. Not to mention theres a big dessert bar that has alot of different types of cakes and its really good. My favorite food is the beef with bbq sauce. Its just so good, i had to go back for seconds!
4	Sometimes there are big lines and sometimes not. The lines go pretty fast. Staff is pretty on it and mostly friendly. Here's what I like. Salad bar is above par and has a good selection. Had the broccoli soup. Wow it was good. Didn't want to fill up on just that but I could have. The roasted corn is good if it doesn't sit to long, Roast beef is sometimes dry but very good last time. I like the sausages and it has a snap to them. Garlic chinese chicken is good and the desserts are very good too. I would pass on the ribs only because I make better ribs by far! Overall this buffet has variety and the quality is good. Better than most for the price. On seafood night they really pile on the crab legs even if you say you want a small amount. I guess that's a good thing.
4	I love this place!  The food is good and such a great selection unlike other buffet. This is my first choice buffet off-strip.
4	Feast Buffet is pretty decent. We have had a couple of bad experiences, but not from the food. There was a horrible line issue once, and the servers are sometimes slow to refills on drinks, clearing plates, etc. The Red Rock PP card is the way to go if you are going to eat here. The prices are pretty reasonable. The Saturday breakfast is nice, and the Sunday buffets are a treat. It is also awesome getting the B1G1 coupons in the mail. We have been other times to eat, but not for the Friday or Saturday night Seafood/Prime Rib buffets. The selection of food is always good. There is change of items, but the favorites always remain. I wish the kids buffet price was a little bit cheaper. We have a small child who can be a picky eater, so it is often not a good value for him to eat. Overall, the Feast Buffet in Red Rock is a great choice and value for the people of Summerlin. It is always busy when we're there.
4	This was my second visit for Sunday Brunch ($13.99) which didn't include alcohol.  We were able to use player points, so brunch cost $1.25.  They were located in the Red Rocks Casino in Las Vegas.I had peeled shrimp, BBQ Pork Bun, and Won Ton soup which were good.  There was a long line for the omlette station.  The coconut cream pie and hazelnut cheesecake were my favorite desserts, which I had to ask for behind the counter.After trying many of the other buffets in Las Vegas, this buffet is a very good value and I will be back.
2	Sadly I have to say not to much of a fan. I always go to the Green Valley Buffet and love it and we wanted to change the scenery so we thought to try them out. We went for breakfast. The staff from the Cashier to the waitress were very rude. The Cashier instead of handing my husband back his debit card and player card she smacked it down on the counter. We never got refills on our drinks and in fact only saw her twice. My blueberry muffin was HARD. I tried the Red Velvet pancakes with cream cheese. YUK!! Hard as a rock and the cheese did not taste right. No one cared to listen to us regards to it so we left. NEVER to return
4	In a word - delicious! They have a wide variety of different types of cuisine. They have a fresh salad bar and several different soups. We ate there on  Monday night and everything was hot and fresh.  The fried shrimp were very tasty. In fact everything we ate had a lot of flavor.  The service was good, we were not rushed. The dessert was great - especially the spumoni ice cream. We got an excellent deal at 13.99 for two for dinner.  I can't wait to go back.
2	This place is definitely not one of my favorites.  I have visited on various occasions and it seems as if I eat less and less with each visit.  There is definitely nothing extraordinary about this buffet.  I would probably prefer to visit the casinos food court instead.
3	I come here for two reasons a.) to redeem my rewards b.)it's cheap. They could add more variety to their Sushi bar. I love the Salad bar. Soups are forgettable. The Flan in the dessert section and sesame balls in the Asian section, ROCK. Free champagne,  free refills. Definitely Bang for the Buck.
3	it has everything you expect. Nothing that stands out. I liked the meats at the carving stations, they seem fresh and tender. Everything is a bit too salty for my taste. Don't order mixed drinks, for $3 it seems a bargain, but they were awful. gelato was smooth, cream spinach was awful, like they used cream cheese. I would like some new american cuisine like quinoa and other salad options, but oh well. With the players card you save $5, so it might be worth the gut busting.
2	I'll say this... and the criticism is based on the potential and legacy...  I get a feeling of a downward spiral of neglect towards pride in competition and wanting to make this better here.  It used to be a strong solid buffet amongst it's peers.If complacency is the fodder of mediocrity, I feel it's my duty to point out the flaws to ensure Feast Buffet knows they need to keep their eyes on the prize and regain their position as solid buffet in the competitive AYCE world of dining...I had the Friday Seafood Buffet for $25, and it was pretty far off the mark.The meat carving station beef was overcooked and a bit dry.Another example is the Asian station's white Bao bread was clearly sitting for hours, as they were harder than croutons and not soft and fluffy.  They should have removed 'em as an option so people don't get a bad perception, or better yet, replace 'em with new ones.The seafood itself like the snow crab legs were no better and probably worst than what an AYCE buffet eater would get at a local $9.99 Asian AYCE Buffet as the standard seafood fare.  The other seafood was mainstream stuff (shrimp, etc.)  you always see, so nothing unique.  Not like the Seafood Buffet at The Rio let's say.With a local 2 for 1 coupon, this would be worth $12.50, but at $25, it's a hard meal to justify paying for.  I / we, didn't have one 'tho.You can get more bang for you buck either with better quality or a lower price in other restaurants (or even the food court area) in the Red Rock or surrounding area.The service was friendly but sub-par based only on neglect as opposed to being offensive, as they're seemingly understaffed (or at least that night they were).In the heyday, The Red Rock was the quintessential place to visit... it was cool, hip and defined swagger.  The pool was where the beautiful people lounged, the Cherry nightclub was hip and hoppin', at night, the crowds were young and sexy.Now, the Red Rock as a hotel casino is turning a bit more drab and stoggy and not in an upper crust old money or classy way, but in that it (The Red Rock as a whole) seems to no longer appeal to the beautiful people or the trendy movers and shakers anymore. The buffet used to be a "go to" standard of excellence, so I'm not sure if the economy has forced 'em to cut corners or not (thus the locals and their 2 for 1 coupons, so maybe it's priced and formatted assuming most are paying less - - but if you're paying full price it's pretty harsh to justify and they should just lower the price universally and get rid of the coupons if they're looking to bring in tonnage of customers) but I'd like to give 'em another try and have 'em get back a "*" or two "* *" and earn a high praise recommendation that I used to highly tout about the place.
5	there's really nothing that's special about this buffet when compared to others, but it's my favorite.  i love it!  my trip isn't complete without brunch here.  the line to get in is always long.  somehow my uncle always gets us in really quick.  he tells us to go straight up front. we've never had to wait longer than two minutes.  service is good. the waiters/waitresses are super nice and check on you often, but not to where you feel you don't have privacy and it's bothersome.  75% of what i grab is breakfast. i love breakfast! their omelets are the bomb.  their chinese food is pretty tasty too.  i load up on salad here. pasta is good.  super stringy cheesy pizza.  mmm yum.  i never pass on their gelato bar.  i grab several flavors at a time.  i just discovered their brownies. they have nice crisp edges and center is so moist.  you can stay here all day if you wanted to.  i never have though!
1	The Chinese vegetables were awesome, other than that, it was disgusting.  I also had a hard time getting a Bloody Mary for lunch, really, isn't this Vegas, shouldn't I be able to get a BM 24 hours a day?I will NEVER be back..well, except maybe for breakfast, that is the time for a buffet I have ever liked anyway.
3	I went for Sunday dinner after visiting the Valley of Fire and was starving. The price is right at $13.99 with a free player's card (note you can't get the card at the buffet so it's $18.99 otherwise). There was a long wait to enter. I could see it wasn't more than half full but still had to wait nearly 30 minutes in line which was quite annoying.This buffet has good selections of Asian, Mexican, Italian, and Southern food in addition to a decent salad bar and dessert area. The highlights were the roast beef and BBQ ribs. Both were flavorful without being dry and were very fresh. The Asian section was okay and the shrimp n' grits and succotash were worth trying in the southern section. Save a little dessert space as they have a selection of pies and will cut you a slice. I really enjoyed the coconut creme pie.If I come out to this section of Vegas next trip I'll visit this buffet again so y'all save me some ribs.
4	I live on the south end of town so I am not always at this casino as all the other residents of Summerlin may be. However, when it is not overly hot in Vegas, this has become a favorite monthly spot to frequent after a medium-strenuous hike up Red Rock Canyon! Shrimp cocktail are small, Asian menu is adequate and the prime rib and is standard/above average for a Vegas buffet.  The Mexican and Italian menus are standard to me as well. My two favorite dishes are their pulled pork and chocolate ice cream! I believe M Resort's buffet still has a slight edge over this one in terms of off the strip casino buffet as well as selection. But overall the the buffet with or without the casino reward card is cheap and you get great value for how much it costs.
2	ugh...not very good.  had both breakfast and lunch on separate occasions.  sure the variety is OK and the selections unique (chocolate chip waffles!), but the quality seemed sad and lacking.  cost is SUPER CHEAP, so that is nice.  but unless I was staying here (which I was this time), I wouldn't make a special trip.  lines can be HUGE at times, which is yet another negative.  but if you like buffets, give this a go if you're in the area.  staff was excellent on both occasions, so that was nice.
3	This is a decent buffet for locals, I guess. I didn't have to pay because my partner gets comps; if I'd had to pay I think I'd be a little more critical, because this is just a mid-level buffet to pay over $50 for two people.  We went on seafood Friday. Nothing there was a standout- most of the fare is the same as the kind offered at most mid-level Vegas buffets- average.  We had a nice server with a good sense of humor who was kept busy in our section. The hot crab legs were good. The things that weren't so great: The sushi was cold and not so great, the cold shrimp was soft and floppy. The salmon looked moist but it wasn't. The hush puppies were little balls of fried salt. The fried catfish tasted like "chicken fried" catfish but the batter coating was soft due to sitting in the heat for a while. The carrot cake was so dry that a piece of it weighed almost nothing. Same with the chocolate fudge piece with the icing. Sigh...So the crab was good. The presentation of the shelled sea-food dishes was nice, and they were flavorful.  Everything else we tried and haven't mentioned was "meh." Not horrible or inedible. Kids would enjoy this place just fine, as would folks with a little extra money who are looking for a relaxing food-filled time.
4	This is the second time we eat here. Both times were for lunch. Probably one of the best buffets for the price. $18 lunch for two people. Can't beat it, especially when the food is also good. Paid $40 for a buffet at golden nugget and got sick with their crap cafeteria food.  I highly recommend this place if you want a good buffet on a budget.
3	This place used to be a good buffet place for the money.  Went there in September for their Friday evening seafood buffet for $25.  The only thing they added for the seafood buffet that wasn't on their regular buffet menu was Alaska crab legs.  For the money, it was way overpriced.  Everything else was fine as far as the quality of the food, but the crab legs were overcooked, and felt I could have gotten their standard buffet for a much cheaper price.  Their morning buffets are much better in value.
3	This buffett was better years ago when it opened.  Just went on a Saturday night.  They had prime rib and tukey at the carving station.  Buffett food usually isn't that great and I understand that, but the taste overall was not there.  I liked the pizza the best.
5	I have been coming here for years. Its been about 4 months since my last visit. I am not sure if they have a new head chef or something. Everything I have tasted today was really good. The salad bar, variety of perfectly cooked and seasoned veggies, and good meat selection. I love my food bland than salty because you can always add salt or hot sauce to your food, but you can't take the salt out of your food. Really good value, amazing salad bar, and I will be coming back more often!
5	If your looking for great all you can eat crab , come here on Friday $ 21.99! Great food and super crab. On a budget goto crazy buffet on rainbow, not as good selection, but great all you can eat crab too for 12.00
2	Well i have been coming here since this placed opened and every time I've dinned here it has been great! But this time was awful! The chicken tasted like rotten fish, the ham was hard and dry, the mac n cheese was clumpy and powdery. The service wasn't great either, the guy who cuts the meat at the station was texting on his phone! How professional? Honestly the only reason i gave this place 2 stars because of their salad bar and gelato, that was actually not bad. This place used to be great but their quality is definitely going downhill. Its a shame too because i really enjoyed this place.
2	So.... I made the huge mistake of coming to Feast on Thanksgiving Day with a group of friends.  This past Thanksgiving was our first in Vegas without our immediate family, so we thought we would do something fun & hit up a buffet for turkey dinner.  We got there early, around 3:30 p.m., to beat the dinner rush.  Hah! Two and a half hours later, we finally got into the buffet.  Once we all paid, we had to stand around for another 25 minutes waiting on a table to fit our 7 person party.  Once we finally sat down, we all headed to the buffet where we had to stand in line for ANOTHER 30 MINUTES just to get food.  The stations were so backed up, we were all eating in line when we finally got to whatever food we liked.  They were also running out of food.  Never again.  I will never, ever go to another buffet on Thanksgiving Day.  I know this isn't the norm & it was a holiday - yatta, yatta, yatta - but they should have been better prepared.  Next year, we will either be going somewhere that takes reservations or cooking at home.Normally, this buffet is not that bad.  I've been there once before on a normal day & the service was great.  The food is mediocre.  They do have a lot of stations with a lot of international selections which is cool for people with different tastes.  & with a $10.99 price tag (with your casino rewards card), you can't really beat it.  Obviously, it's no Bacchanal, but it will do for a family who wants choices or the tourists staying at the hotel.  The best part - they have real gelato and it is delicious!
1	I have been here before (when they first opened and a few times after). Came back here for my dad's birthday (haven't been here in awhile) and wow, amazingly disgusting and disappointing. This place use to be good from what I remembered. Walking back and forth and the food was just horrible. Old, dried and not fresh. The carving station was all overcooked so it was hard and chewy. There wasn't much protein to select. Mac and cheese was very powdery (if that's a word). The best thing to eat was their pizza, garlic bread. and mint chocolate chip ice cream. The salad station was lacking as they never did refill what was gone. All in all, it was a waste of gas (since I do not live close to it) and a waste of money. Will never come back here again!
4	My mom and I had Christmas day breakfast at the buffet.  The buffet had a special holiday buffet all day so the price was higher than normal and they had a ton of dinner foods available.Everyone I had was really good, very tasty.  Maple donut, bacon, mashed potatoes, pork dumplings, orange chicken, cole slaw, pesto pasta salad, pineapple, and frozen yogurt.  It would have been nice to eat some of the other dinner items but we did not really want them at breakfast time.Our waitress came by often with drink refills and to take our dirty plates away.  We definitely will be back.
1	GAAAAAROSS!! I've been coming here once a week for the past 7 months. The food never changes, taste has been getting worse and what sealed the deal was Christmas Eve Buffet, totally disappointing! Everything I ate tasted nasty. Prime rib was fatty, Turkey was dry, Asian food had a plastic taste. Udon broth was sweet. Dessert had a chemical taste, I had to spit it out. The only bright side is, they have an excellent waiter named Alberto. If you should try the buffet as your last resort, ask for Alberto you won't regret it. (He works breakfast and Lunch)
3	The first time I went here was way back when this place first opened...I remember eating the food here, and saying it was the best buffet food I've ever had...We came here for Christmas lunch for the first time since I was last here... and that whole perspective of "this place has the best buffet food" has changed...what happened? Out of all the "little bit of everythings" that I had on my plate, there were probably one or two things that I actually enjoyed eating...1) the prime rib which was super juicy and flavorful, 2) the crispy pork belly with cabbage...everything else just blah/nothing memorable about it...On a much lighter side note, this buffet is probably one of the better buffets that serve delicious desserts...not the best, but certainly very, very good for a buffet...heck, my whole meal should have just been nothing but desserts...they were better than the actual cold/hot foods haha...the red velvet mini cupcakes were very good, as well as the brownie a la mode, cannoli, and choco chip cookies...I would have liked to sample more of the desserts but I was already heading towards a food coma hahaha...The ambience is nice, very spacious, and a large selection of food...the wait to get in is ridiculous...we waited about an 1.5 hours in line...not sure how much we paid, but typical buffet prices have gone up as much as $35+ now...then again it's Vegas...expect it to be like that even when it's not a holiday...
5	One of the best buffets I have been to for the price and quality. Went on a Saturday night and for $16.99 you get the whole buffet plus prime rib. The sushi was fresh, the pasta was excellent, and the dessert bar was amazing. They have about two dozen pies, lots of shooters, sorbet, cakes, etc. The staff was friendly and attentive, and even on a Saturday night we were seated within a few minutes.
3	So I've been here several times as I often get food comps from the casino. There is a fair selection of food, weekends has a option (prime rib and seafood if you're into it). The staples are an Asian section, a small Mexican station and an Italian station. There is an American/BBQ station as well. The American station consists of items to make up a thanksgiving dinner type of plate, the turkey is good, but it's just pretty plain. The Asian station is my favorite, the veggie egg rolls are comparative with ones I've had back home in CA, and the egg drop soup is good.  Italian station is pretty gross, the Alfredo is always very very thick (like the texture of mayo - no joke). Mexican station consists of bland rice and beans and some ground beef. The desert station doesn't much of anything; cookies, "shooters" some bland brownies and ice cream. Is the food worth $16 and a tip? Not if you're paying - but if the casino comps it, it's good enough. Also, don't bother going at all for breakfast - so nasty.
1	I had a Free buffet for my Birthday this month and I wanted to use it before it expired.  I've been to the Feast Buffets at Green Valley & Palace.  I figured we'd give Red Rock a try since it's supposedly just as good as Green Valley Ranch's Feast Buffet. BOY was I upset yesterday (1/27/2014).  First of all, I have allergies to a lot of things.. Wheat, corn, peanuts, sesame seeds, and walnuts are the worst. I try my best to avoid anything of the sort unless it's a cheat day and I can sneak by eating something with a bun.After we paid we ordered our drinks with our waitress who seemed nice.  I then walk up to the american section and I had a question and I'm watching these two cooks yucking it up and chatting just ignoring me. Finally I say to them, "I have a QUESTION."  The guy loses his smile and says to me "what can I do for you MA'AM?"  (I'm only 24).  I asked him "do you have cook to order Philly cheese steaks here?"  I was feeling froggy and wanted to cheat my diet and enjoy a night out with the family.  So he snaps back at me, "NO, we have cook to order PASTA down there".   Okay really I'm SORRY I interrupted YOUR hysterical story!  I didn't even bother complaining because I know this guy's attitude was I could CARE LESS!  Pasta is a dime a dozen and I felt it wasn't worth the itchy hives I would experience. I go to the Taco section and made myself a taco... The flour tortilla was hard as a rock and the beef was really watery. I should of known by the way this started it wasn't going to get any better.. So I look for greens like Broccoli and sure enough I found some it was fairly edible. I ended up eating Mashed potatoes and Broccoli for the remainder of my visit.  Everything else wasn't worth the break out since it had been cooking under the heat lamps to the point where it just looked old and gross.  Each time I went up I checked to see if they had put out a fresh batch it was the same old batch.  I just gave up and wanted to leave, so I felt disgusted and felt like hitting the slots.. hoping it would perk me up.  Judging by the reviews I wasn't the only one who was upset about the quality of food.  (referring to Ridin S. date posted 1/5/2014)Shame on me for thinking you guys had stepped it up!  GRR what a waste of my free buffet.  Glad to know you value of food has gone up and quality is right where it's always at, crappy.
5	Our favorite buffet in Las Vegas!!  The quality of the food is outstanding  for the price you pay.  Make sure you and everyone in your party over age 18 have your player's card before getting to the register.  The buffet prices are a couple dollars lower when you sign up at Red Rock Casino's player club for their free player's card.  With the card, prices are $6.99 for breakfast and $8.99 for lunch.  Sunday through Thursday, the dinner buffet is $13.99 with the player's card.  Friday nights are $24.99.  Saturday nights are $16.99.Personally, my favorite meal to eat here is Lunch!  We try to get here either early or late for lunch so that the wait is not longer than 20 minutes.  Still, if the wait was over an hour, it would be worth it to me.For the price it costs (with a player's card), the Feast Buffet at Red Rock Casino is absolutely the best in Vegas!Tip:  If you are a dessert lover (like me), then make sure to save room for dessert!  There are so many exceptional choices!  The majority taste just as good as they look!
3	I came here for the breakfast buffet which is relatively cheap and the food was pretty good. I'm not a huge fan of buffets and food that sits under heat lamps, but it wasn't too bad. The thing is, once the breakfast buffet was over and they switched the buffet into lunch mode, everything went downhill.The lunch items did not look appetizing at all and tasted worse than they looked. Their "ok" breakfast looked like a 5 star meal compared to the lunch.I haven't come here for dinner in a long time so I feel like I shouldn't review on that.Anyways, if you can wake up early enough for the breakfast buffet (it ends at 10:45 AM) then it is a steal. Just make sure you get out fast enough before the lunch menu comes in.
2	We have watched this place go downhill over the last four years. From the casino - to the guest rooms - to the buffet, the quality and attention to detail has diminished enormously. Just found out tonight that the buffet no longer carries the no sugar added chocolate cheesecake - virtually the only reason I step foot in the resort. Guess tonight was it - I'm done.
1	The food is awful for the amount of money they charge. It would still be awful if they charged less. The service is ok and the atmosphere is nice but it is all ruined by the large group of extremely cranky and overly opinionated senior citizens who seem to think we are eating at their home. I will not be coming back to this station buffet.
3	I came because I valued the cheap buffet pricing ( player card and 2-1 boho buffet from the casino book I got) however I was very surprised how far it is from the strip . I came at 4:30 pm and the line extended almost out the door. (30 mins wait) This was bad for me because I had a show to catch in MGM at 7pm.I would say unless you live or are driving near by, you should avoid going here because for the mileage and so forth , not worth it.
4	This was a good Buffet we had tonight. The food was all prepared fresh, and the service was really good. The thing I like most about the Buffet is that they served Liver, and onions. Very few places serve it, and very few places can prepare it well, they did. I always enjoy going to this buffet.
3	Good choices. -clam chowder-salad bar-ice cream stationEverything else is mediocre and really don't go for seconds on anything.   It is worth the 10 dollars because it is so cheap and in the morning it is cheaper. My dad thought it was okay but was sick from the other food selections next day which are produced like slop for pigs.  Literally.  Not much care put into dishes like chicken etc but then again it is only 10 dollars. In this case you get what you pay for.  I would go back but would only eat the salad, soup and ice cream.
3	It's kind of pricey. The line was super long. The food was just ok it was very bland with no flavor. They had a lot of choices though. The desert was the best part and the service was good
4	My in-laws were in town, and they wanted a reasonably priced buffet with seafood. We went for their Sunday bruch, and were very satisfied with the selection. With fresh sushi, clams, shrimp and even smoked salmon, it was the perfect place. I would give 4 stars for the food, maybe even 4.5; however, 3 would he given for our server. She never returned to check on our table until I found her and asked for a refill on our tea. We got our refill, then she returned as we were leaving to bring even more tea. Anyway, for $13.99 Sunday brunch (with the Boarding Pass of course), it was a great deal.
4	I recently had dinner here with my family.  It was a Friday and the place was not very busy. Normally the line is quite long on a Friday night but we lucked out.  And my mom has a Chairman level membership anyway so we got to go to the VIP line and did not have to wait at all.  We also got seated pretty quickly near the front of the buffet next to the desserts.The buffet has a good selection of food from a variety of cuisines - Italian, Mexican, Asian, American, etc.  They have a good salad bar and lots of lower calorie items.  They have a great dessert selection too.  Lots of cakes, pies, ice cream, cookies. This is definitely one of the better buffets in Las Vegas.
4	I was pretty impressed with this Buffet considering the price and location. I've really enjoyed spending more time out at Red Rock and this is a great place to have dinner before heading to the movies! Make sure to get a players club card, it will save you $5 on the buffet
4	Came for lunch, stayed for dinner. With the players card (good at all the station casinos) you get a discount. We got her at 2:30 so they charged the lunch rate, and dinner comes out at 3:30.This buffet is better than the other feast's IMO.I am full.
4	For the last few years - because we have no friends :) - we've been going to the Feast Buffet at Red Rock on Passover.  In addition to their regular items, they offer a selection of JewFood for most of the holiday week.  I was surprised to find a fairly long line to get in on a not-too-early Monday night, but then heard some obvious non-Semitic types talking about how they couldn't wait to fill their pieholes with some chopped liver.Well, I didn't try the chopped liver, and my cholesterol count thanked me, but I did have some excellent chicken NOODLE soup (sorry, Mom), brisket, charoset*, apple kugel*, matzoh*, potato pancakes, hard-boiled eggs, and the requisite four cups of wine, courtesy of the $10 bottles sold at the register.  Hubby added a bowl of matzoh ball soup to the mix.  Surprisingly, it was all very tasty, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  But I sure wish we could have found the salmon with figs that was promised on the menu.  If it was there, it was well-hidden.  I rounded out my meal with a big helping of nice green beans with mushrooms and onions.  Happily, the desserts did NOT include any of the ghastly Passover pastries, which are made with potato starch instead of flour.  Happily again, I cheated.*Glossary: Charoset - the mixture of apples, cinnamon, red wine, and chopped nuts used in the Passover Seder. Its color and texture is supposed to recall the mortar which the Israelites used to make bricks when they were enslaved in Egypt. But the recipe can change radically, depending upon where one's ancestors came from.Kugel - a kind of sweet or savory pudding of noodles or potatoes.  Except during Passover, when the noodles or potatoes are replaced by the dreaded and constipating matzoh farfel, though potatoes are permitted.Matzoh - the unleavened bread that was taken to the desert by the Jews fleeing from Egypt, who didn't have time for bread to rise.  Delicious any time of year, except on Passover, when the absence of salt, garlic, poppy seeds, or any other interesting flavoring gives it the taste and consistency of cardboard.  Ah, the suffering!Farfel:  little squares of the aforementioned matzoh, used during Passover as a substitute for bread, noodles, rice, cereal (it's eaten for breakfast, too), farro, or anything else delicious.  Quinoa has been approved just this year for Passover use, so I hope the Feast Buffet has noticed.Disclaimer:  all editorial comments on the absence of flavor in some of the food is solely the opinion of the author of this review.  So go already.  Eat!!
2	If you like cafeteria food, this will be a great place for you. The waiters and waitress are very friendly but with that said. The food just straight sucks. The choices for a buffet are limited and it looks unappetizing . Don't be fooled by the cheap price . You definitely get what you pay for. I won't ever eat here again. Spend a  few more dollars and go somewhere else.
5	WOW!! I'm very particular food wise and this was by far the best lunch buffet that I've ever seen in my life....and it was only $8.99. Even the decor is nice! I don't know why some reviews were negative. If you couldn't be happy here then you're a stroke! Lol
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas, quality is there and also service is great. What makes it even better - you can't beat the price for the quality offered.
1	to update my last review:  SUPER UGH.  had breakfast, and food was just awful.  very bland and generic.  i literally did not enjoy one item.  and i tried all their vegetarian items.  pancakes disgusting.  waffles horrible.  desserts a MESS.  the only semi-decent item was their cole slaw.  and it may be just me, but buffets as big as this one, should have a salad bar (like Suncoast's down the street).  so the ONLY veggie item on the "menu" was cole slaw.  it was above average cole slaw, but i could only eat so much!  place is always freakin' packed.  service this time was HORRIBLE.  waitress was late taking drink order, then we NEVER SAW HER AGAIN.  this place is an absolute mess.  which is soooooo weird with it being inside Red Rock, which is a great hotel/casino.  whatever...i will never eat here again.
2	Arrived about ten minutes before buffet opened for breakfast on what they are now calling "Military Monday" and found the line was already significantly long coming from both directions. We (incorrectly) thought mgmt might have all four registers open in anticipation of a crowd. With a two million dollar renovation currently in progress it boggles the mind that they can't afford more than two minimum wage cashiers at a time. It took close to a half hour to make our way to pay, two registers empty and the two who were working were servicing both lines as well as VIPS who walk right up with no waiting. Cheapest breakfast in town, hands down. You can't go anywhere in Summerlin and eat like that for $7.99. BUT,  the food is cold, waffles, French toast and eggs Benedict, though delicious, require a hacksaw to cut. No matter what selection you make, prepare for it to be cold. Suggestion, bring a steak knife from home, pretend it's supposed to be eaten cold and feast for cheap after you've waited 30 minutes or more to be seated. Personally, paying more, being seated and served hot food elsewhere works better for me.
5	Best buffet ever ! We paid $59 for 5 people's launch including drink It was great selection and quality Don't be fooled with high priced buffet around Las Vegas blvd and strip area This is the deal
3	WARNING!!!!Disregard the 24 seafood photos posted! Forget the prior comments regards to Seafood.Redrock STOPPED their Friday Seafood Buffet!!Sucks!!
4	I use to hit up the M Buffet every time I visit Vegas bc it was cheap, clean and good food (prime rib for lunch whaaaaat??). BUT like all good buffet empires... They crumble. Enter the Feast at Red Rock casino. This place is underrated. Get a players club (if you dont have one) and you and a friend can get a meal at a discounted price-- $8.95. This place is clean, service is courteous, food is good (come at the right time), and I like the set up--it's well spread out for a buffet. Salad bar is damn good, breakfast is bomb, lunch is bomb also, and their dessert is pretty good too. Cons: It's not that big, so not much selections compared to other casino buffets. BUT for $8.95 I'm cool with that! Ill definitely come back, MIGHT even be my go to buffet spot. ;) If you plan on coming, be sure you don't get here late bc quality won't be there.
4	This is reasonably priced good buffet food, ample choices.  Staying at the hotel, I was able to avoid the long lines for dinner.  There were asian dishes, italian, your typical around the world buffet including sushi.  I liked the fish collar grilled, the dim sum, the gelato desserts.  Oddly their salads were the worst of their choices, but thats ok because I dont go to buffets for the salad.  Tonite, sweet potatoes got me, plus tom yum soup.  I just like everything I ate and the price with players coupon? $50 for 4!  ooh lala.
3	Came here on a BOGO free offer on Friday night which is their seafood night. Price if you have a players card is $27.99 & $32.99 if you don't. Because Red Rock is part of Stations my expectations weren't too high (I know I know, I probably shouldn't think that way), but my overall experience was very good. We arrived around 5pm before the rush & by the time we left (probably around 7) there was a decent sized line. Our waitress kept checking up on us & our table was never full of old plates. There's also a complimentary glass of wine. My favorite were these scallops on an oyster (I might be wrong) shell that were AMAZING, I kept going back for more. Will I be back?! Heck yeah! Only if I have an offer though. Maybe next time I'll try their breakfast or lunch.
4	I have been here on several occasions for dinner. The price is discounted if you have a players card. You will encounter long lines on the weekend - it is to be expected. I have always received superior service from the staff.  I enjoy the salad bar, the meat carving stations (prime rib, ham, turkey) and the fried shrimp! The dessert is really good too. It's a great place to take out of town guests.  I wish they would introduce new items more frequently.
5	Visited the first week of June. Breakfast was outstanding- every kind of breakfast meat including carved ham and  chicken fried steak and gravy. Made to order omelets, eggs benedict, waffles, French toasts, potatoes, cheese blintz with fruit toppings. Fresh fruit, oatmeal- cream of wheat, grits- with raisins and brown sugar- salads- a bagel section with several flavors and cream cheese flavor choices.  Too much to choose!  Plus served both coffee and a huge glass of O.J.  for $6.99 with the players card a steal! Came right near the end of the breakfast so lunch items coming out and got to try some of those too. Lunch was very good on another day. Stand outs were the turkey, stuffing, carved ham and stuffed pork. fall off the bone BBQ chicken, beef stew- Lots of salad choices- Mexican- chicken enchiladas, menudo, quesadillas- all the fixings you could ask for !  Hot and sour soup.. soups- ( sushi- don't eat it but lots of people were..) pasta, masala chicken, tortellini- nice sauces.. Oh, and save room for the coconut or banana or chocolate cream pies- toffee pudding was to die for- gelatos.. so much to eat- great selection and all for $8.99 a person.    Something for everyone. Lines go fast- worth the short wait.Service was prompt- friendly and attentive!
3	We ate here at different mealtimes to see how the food was. The salad/fruit bar was AMAZING. The pastries and BBQ was also great. The Asian counter was iffy and the food was dry. The lines get long at prime hours, so eat breakfast early or dinner early to avoid the rushes. Overall, not a bad value at ALL for the food and the variety.
4	The buffet is awesome and a great deal.  It is kinda far from the strip but well worth the drive specially if you get the players card.  There is a great selection of food on the buffet and the quality is excellent.  I have yet to be disappointed.  I strongly recommend this place.
3	I don't really like to eat at buffets. Not really a big fan of cafeteria style food. That being said, I don't mind having lunch at Feast buffet once in a while. It is clean and they have pretty good salad bar. I usually just eat the roasted chicken and salad if I go here, so I can't speak on the rest of the selections.
4	I'm always satisfied when I eat at Feast Buffet. There's quite a few reasons I enjoy this particular buffet. I receive the 2 for 1 coupon from Red Rock Casino in the mail usually once a month which is nice to use! My roommate and I take turns buying the one buffet for 9 dollars! Feast Buffet is a good deal even when you don't have the coupon! The food is also pretty good! They have a decent amount of vegetarian and vegan options! Even a lot for people who are gluten free. My roommate is vegan and gluten free while I'm just vegetarian and she gets just as much out of the buffet as me! They have constantly put out the same lunch buffet each time. Today was exceptionally good though! The flavors were right, everything was fres
4	Dang, I missed you. Every time I get that 2 for 1 coupon in the mail I think about it. But then I think about the 20 pounds I've gained since I've moved here and I have second thoughts. Sure you can eat healthy at a buffet, but that just ain't my style. Those waffles, gelato, dessert bar... dangggg.  On the serious tip, probably the best locals buffet alongside Green Valley Ranch's Feast Buffet.-1 for the incredibly long lines to get in. If you want breakfast on a weekend, get there at least an hour or two early.
4	Me and my girlfriend are frequent buffet goers and for the location, is the best buffet to grab a satisfying lunch or dinner. Their food is always noticeably fresher than most other buffets. The selection is more varied as well! Not just the typical same-old-same-old buffet food items. The service is also great! I've never had a problem with the servers and the hostess' are always friendly. Above all, the price, the location, and the food is a winning combination.
3	I was at the Red Rock hotel and casino with my family early on this July. The food was very good for the price. A lot of selection friendly service staff and great for children especially if your children are picky eaters. We went there often and were never disappointed.
2	I only gave 2 stars because I've had breakfast or brunch here before and it wasn't too bad. Dinner on the other hand, yuck! Do not pay full price for this dinner buffet! Ever. The food was mediocre at best. The mexican & Asian selections were pathetic. I guess if you like fatty, rare cooked pieces of beef, this might be the buffet for you. I'm a fatty and can usually get in a few good trips at a buffet, I was almost ashamed of myself for not even finishing 2 plates.
5	Food was great and fresh and the cost is reasonable at $18.99.  Servers are friendly.
1	I went into the buffet optimistic.  The Yelp reviews were favorable and I really enjoyed the casino (it was fun, clean, and welcoming), however I was misled.So, with that, I understand now that I should not expect too much from a $20 buffet on Saturday night -- I was taught my lesson last night when I visited Feast Buffet.  This review, then, is aimed to aware new customers and to challenge the sensibilities of those reviewers that enjoyed the place and thought the food was of any quality.Entering the buffet, everything was clean -- there should not be any concerns there. The food, though, is very low quality (i.e. meatballs at the Italian station were previously frozen and still cold, the Mexican station made Taco Bell look gourmet, and the cookies at the dessert station looked like they came out of a plastic container purchased at Albertsons). The taste of the food was substandard as well.  It was bland, processed, over cooked, and sad. The Prime Rib was pretty good, but it is hard to mess up a Prime cut of meat (if it says anything about the place, all the customers wanted their prime rib well done).  Overall, I felt that I walked into a Golden Corral.Please folks, avoid this place if you are looking to have a decent meal on a Saturday night.TL;DR: Nice casino, awful buffet.  Low quality and bad taste. Come here to play the games, eat elsewhere.
4	I ate here for brunch on Saturday and it was not crowded at all. It was off the strip so I as well lowered my expectations for this buffet. It was relatively inexpensive and good quality food but what really stood out was the customer service. It was above par and I was satisfied with my price to quality ratio. I felt like my money went far here as compared to the strip buffets. I would still rather prefer Wicked Spoon over this, but I have yet to try Feast Buffet for dinner.
2	I don't know how dinner is but lunch was pretty bad. The only redeeming factor was that it was cheap. That being said, I essentially paid 8.99 for a bowl of soup because that was the only thing I found edible. It was a sad experience.
4	Being a new Las Vegas resident... I'm not yet a buffet expert... but this buffet was good! They had a huge selection of foods to choose from. Everything from American, Asian, Mediterranean, Italian..etc. The one thing missing was crab legs, but I read that they feature that on the weekends. We stopped in the dine because of a comp I had receieved, 2 for 1 from MyVegas (check that game out on Facebook!). I was not disappointed! I also had a comp for a strip buffet and went to that buffet later that week...This buffet was way better. So if you get the chance to stop by here, the buffet is worth checking out...just bring you appetite though because we had a hard time walking out since we ate so much haha!
4	Wow....talk about bang for your buck!!I paid $13 for the lunch buffet here on a Sat afternoon, and considering ALL THE FOOD OPTIONS, I was not disappointed! I mean, it's no Wynn or Wicked Spoon, but it's also like 1/3 of the price of any buffet on the strip.  The food is really fresh, and I really enjoyed the multitude of BBQ porks/meats, which were cooked very well. Things I def recommend:+Sopas (like a mexican flat tostada)+BBQ section+Asian noodles and BBQ pork bun+Mac n Cheese+PIE + gelato+FruitI was not that impressed with the Italian section as a whole, but otherwise, this place is legit, esp if you're hungry :) Drink service was a little slower than I'd like, but all in all, a good buffet!
1	I avoid this place like the plague it is to my digestive system. I have had to eat here a couple times, due to work functions, and I am very sick after each visit. There is always a line outside the door and there are so many people going through touching all the food and children running around, unsupervised. It doesn't have full walls to keep it from the casino, so the cigarette smoke seeps into the restaurant. I really can't say one good thing about this place.
4	I went on Monday around 1pm for dinner.  Fish were really fresh.  I got the 2 free breakfast or lunch coupon from myvegas, if not you pay $8.99 for weekdays lunch.  Had some mixed olives.  The food is not bad for the price, and their sushi taste even better than Aria, or wicked spoon.  What I tried and liked including the following: sweet and sour chicken, sui mai, turkey, hummas, greek cucumber yogurt, pineapple, pineapple juice, grilled summer squash, smoked pork, and varies salads. If you like crab, this is not the place for you, I didn't see any.   I don't like crab anyway, so I don't really care.
3	I had a MyVegas reward for 2 free lunch or breakfast buffet so we decided to stop in for breakfast before continuing on to Red Rock Canyon.  I began with an assortment of fresh melon, strawberry yogurt and OJ.  My second plate was limited to a Mexican tart topped taco meat and salsa on an inedible base.  I fared better with plate #3 by ordering a thin spinach omelet, though the chef forgot the requested cheese, plus a dollop of corned beef hash and breakfast potatoes.  Plate #4 consisted of a small taste of 2 salads, watermelon/tomato and a very blah, jicama.  Overall I found the room out shined the pedestrian food.
2	Great price and decent food selection. Discount available if you have Player's Card. $6.99 Breakfast$8.99 Lunch
1	The quality of this buffet has really gone downhill. There was hardly and different types of food to choose from and what was there was not good quality. We won't be back.
1	Friday night dinner buffetIs no longer the friday  sea food buffet  or what used to be THE FEASTNo words to describe disappointment !!!Food displayed as a selection but either cold or under prepared or raw ...are they trying to make you be the cook ? (un piled shrimps and not so fresh among other)Lack of healthy vegan or vegetarian as many  dishes are mixed with mayo sauce...No proper sign or just  of gluten free vegan dairy etc defiantly allergy hazard in the making.... Saw the cooks  fold all the food stations at closing timeTrashing Hugh amounts of food  that minutes before were replenished ---Two questions:1-    Employee not allowed to enjoy it at closing ....If the food not fit for their own employees like Back cafeteria is it fit for guests?2- why not save and have a food bank pick it up or do donate it and let shelters or homeless center be helped with those Hugh leftovers, meat roast chicken  salads soups that a moment before were packed to the rim of those display pots?Our group left with a Hugh disappointment And disbelieve ... Hope management of this nice property that pride itself of the property will  read my review.
4	Out of all the station casinos i've been to, this one is the best. I love all the varieties. The waiters are nice and the air is not as smoky as the other casinos.
2	Went in for dinner this evening. A long wait, for average food at best. Would not go back and would not recommend. Service was great, and the cashier was very friendly however.
4	Good selection, great staff, clean, nice atmosphere, and CHEAP!  Best buffet deal in Vegas!
4	Good at breakfast ok..,but can't beat after tax $7.00 breakfast even if it's just FRESH FRUIT and COFFEE it's still cheaper than the market. Today was my binge eat cheat day...Rebecca was my server and was so attentive she seen my Tabasco was low and took the seal off and set me a brand new one!  GREAT SERVICE!  Nice quite...read my book..killed time till I could go to Dr appointment!!!
4	Fantastic value compared to other Vegas buffets. With a boarding pass card (sign up is free online) it costs $13.99. They did not have prime rib but did have top round which was fine. The beef noodle soup was tasty. Chilli verde with chicken was very flavorful (I had it on spanish rice). The salad with pecans, gorgonzola cheese, strawberries was awesome. My son liked his pizza and the cha shao bao. I thought the bread pudding was a winner. Not the best buffet ever in terms of food quality. But I would go back because the food was good quality, and I felt that the value was high. As hotel guests, the line for us was shorter.
1	This was very disappointing.I had read the reviews and people were raving about it. Plus, it was cheap. I shouldn't have listened.Upon arrival, the buffet looked very nice. It was packed, the decor was nice, and it smelled fine.But then I started eating.The food was alright, definitely not the best but not the worst.I tried the sopes, Turkey, mussels, various salads, eggs benedict, and so on.Nothing memorable, really. And who puts warm plates on the salad line?The food was average. I wouldn't recommend it.
1	This buffet should be shut down. Its a shame that red rock has introduced no changes at all in its buffet items. Its gone from bad to worse. The staff looks overworked and underpaid. No one smiles. It is like a zoo. Food tastes awful. Cutting corners to control expenses is fine but with Red Rpck needs to revisit its buffet items and the staff helping in that section.
1	I really fill bad to rate this place one star. The food is horrible the menu never changes every thing is over cooked and dry. One of the items is liver so dry and unpleasant .It is Christmas time and there is no spirit  in this place including there new shopping center. It is a shame because I am a local and I get many visitors and I like to give my business to my local businesses  I remember when they opened Red Rock what a great place this was. The food was first class as it should be  but slowly it became the worst buffet. Even Sun Coast casino changes there menu often every time you go there they have new choices you can try. Here dinner, brunch, lunch and breakfast is the same just the prices are different. I hope they do something soon. I was thinking to go there for Christmas Dinner but I am not going there because there is no spirit of the holiday. And the food is not good. So I will take my visitors some where else.
2	I didn't want to come here but ended up here because someone wanted buffet but didn't want to go to the Strip. The line is slow as molasses. We finally got in after waiting 40 minutes on a Monday night. The food was terrible. No prime rib. Some well-done, dry, cheap cut of meat. Top round? The brisket looked awful. Mac-n-cheese, potato latkes, pretty much everything I had was bland.This place is full of senior citizens. I think we were the youngest diners there. To top if off, one of the senior citizens who was sitting next to me was coughing and talking so loudly. Not that it's the restaurant's fault but it just made my dining experience more terrible. Their desserts were weak too. The only things I was able to tolerate were some of the salad bar items. I should have gone to Sweet Tomatoes! I've been here for breakfast last year and it was decent for the price. I came here for lunch years ago and remember thinking it wasn't that great. If I ever want buffet, I will go to the Strip next time.
5	Located in The Red Rock Resort Hotel Casino. This buffet is a step above most 'local' buffets, it is a just a little more expensive but it's worth it. They make all of the dishes in small batches so it comes out fresh and is replenished right away. The salad bar had all kinds of prepared salads, the Red Beat Salad was a favorite of mine. the prepared vegetables were all very good, me saying that is a big deal, I hate vegetables, but here I was a fan. the Prime Rib was very good (for buffet prime rib) There was a wide selection, I am not sure that I got thru everything before I couldn't eat another bite. Well worth the trip out to the West Side. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	They let me use my Station Rewards points here so The Feast Buffet usually ends up being free. I've been coming here for years but I've noticed that, all of a sudden, the staff seem a lot nicer. New management maybe? Food consists of the usual suspects, meat station, International station, Italian pasta station and desserts. My favorites today consisted of barbecue chicken pizza, watermelon, Sugarfree brownie. Or should I say " no extra sugar added".
5	Definitely the bang for buck value of Las Vegas. It seems like most of the buffets are terribly expensive, or total dumps. This place is generally reasonably priced, maybe a tad expensive on weekends but nowhere near what you pay on the strip, but I can't get over how clean it is! Yes, you won't find fancy seafood, but what they do have won't make you sick, and generally tastes pretty good.
5	Food was buffet food but fresh fried eggs and omeletsSALAD BAR was the best and O did i mention $7 bucks a person !!!!
