3	I've only been here for the lunch buffet, and I though it was above average.  The kufta kabob was prepared in a way that I'm not used to but it was good, if not just a little over-seasoned.  The chicken kabob was good, but very dry.  I don't remember the names of the other dishes I tried, but there were a couple of very good ones, including a rice pudding desert.I suspect the quality of the meats served at dinner is far superior to the lunch buffet...but I can't say for sure, and the buffet wasn't enough of an enticement for me to really want to go there for dinner.It's in an office-like strip mall, so they didn't have a lot to work with.  Once you get inside, though, they've done a good enough job with the decor.  I try to support local mom-and-pop establishments as much as I can...but this one's just not my thing.
1	Ambience: Ordinary, The owner is afghani and his wife(?) is turkishFood: Hmmm since this is my first tryst with Afghani food so I wasn't sure if the food was authentic or not. My take on it is: Aush (beef yougurt soup with mint, garlic etc) A bit too tart for my liking otherwise sublime ( I'm also assuming less spicy than usual)Aubergines(or Eggplant), again too tart for my liking and less impressive than the indian version( more caramelizing of ingredients in the Indian one). Afghani naan: seemed home made but tough and chewy always a bad bread ( which naan is essentially) recipe.Turkish coffee: good Service: Good and very helpful though I suspect they were a bit wary of all the questions I askedSecond Try: A resounding failure. Went in for the Lunch buffet and was hoping to get sone good nosh seeing their choice spread. However each item was poorly made. Their Lamb soup with lentils had gone rancid ( and was to cause me to taste this meal several times that day). The only think which I found slightly edible was their kabab which had become tough ( I think they had laid it out for too long, even though the time was only 12:45 pm).
5	Love it, love it, love it.My husband took me here for my birthday dinner, as we'd been wanting to try this place since it opened. I haven't had the opportunity to eat Afghani food since college, and so I was really excited.Kabab Palace didn't disappoint.First, it's adorable, decorated with blue walls, chandeliers and Afghan art. Secondly, they offered a vegetarian section in their menu (it's always nice when they do that, as it shows me the veg food is more than just an afterthought). We ordered the vegetarian ashauk for an appetizer, which was thin "dumplings" stuffed with leeks and covered in veggies and yogurt. It was tasty. I then ordered a vegetable special, which was amazing! Stewed spinach with a hint of cinnamon, crispy roasted eggplant with yogurt and tomato, an okra sample and sugar-coated pumpkin roasted and topped with yogurt -- all of it came with a rice pulao. By the way, that eggplant was possibly the best eggplant I've had in my entire life.My husband ordered the sheekh kebab and said it was very good, too. For dessert, we ordered turkish coffee, which was just OK, but it came in adorable china cups and saucers. They also served tea, beer and wine, as well as various juices.The service was very attentive, and the owner was friendly.The restaurant was almost empty around 8 p.m., but I hope business picks up -- I know we'll definitely be back for the high-quality and unique food.
4	having grown up eating chinese food and mexican, i feel pretty comfortable going into a new restaurant and ordering certain dishes without much fear and trepidation.  but throw me into a middle eastern cuisine and i'll end up ordering something stupid.that's why we like going to AYCE when it comes to indian, afghan, middle eastern or mediterannean.  You can try a number of things that you would not have a clue about if you were to order straight off the menu and you can go back for the stuff you like.i have no clue what we ate, what it was called and couldn't even recognize it again at another restaurant.  but it did taste good (but we don't really know what to compare it to).  like the 1st poster said, the ground beef kabob was so heavy in spice and rich, i nearly tossed my cookies after eating a 2nd helping.  it tasted good in the beginning but by the 8th or 9th piece, i was ready to kiss the porcelain cadillac.  that's what i get for being greedy i suppose.the chicken breast kabob had a great sauce, but it was dry (as stated by the 1st poster)For $10/person and lunch, it's a great way to taste different things on the menu w/o having to order 20 items and filing chapter 11 afterwards.1 thing we noticed is that a ton of people were coming in on Good Friday that seemed to be of the middle eastern persuasian (sometimes a good indicator that the ethnic food is semi-authentic?)we'll probably return once a year to get our afghan fixthe owner was very nice and talkative, great service
5	I love this little gem.  The owner is a lovely Afghani man who is friendly and helpful.  This was important because he made many wonderful suggestions to us, the uninitiated.  The Morgh Challow (which is a chicken curry style dish with rice )is the best thing on the menu, although the Mantwo is my husband's favorite.  If you have never tried Afghani, then you are missing out, and if you have, ben have missed Kabab Palace, then you are missing out as well.  I promise that both the service and the food will leave you smiling.  I have been there both for the lunch buffet, which was excellent (my husband kept going back, which was embarrassing to me but tells you something about the food) and the dinner.  I would recommend either, although the lunch buffet would be a better way to try Afghani food for the first time, as you can try a bit of everything and find what you like best.
4	Delicious food, great service and inviting dining room!My husband, six year-old daughter and I just tried Kabab Palace last night after having read a positive review in the AZ Republic.  (Glad I saw that review, because the uninspired name and strip-mall location alone would not have tempted me.)This is no ethnic dive, so don't go expecting a cramped space with dirt cheap food.  Instead, what you will find is a nicely decorated dining room with real tables and chairs (and linens), a full bar, and professional, friendly service.Although we have experience with Afghan cuisine (hello, Helmand in Baltimore--we miss you!), we mostly encouraged the owner to make suggestions for us.  Good idea! Our starters, the aushak (ravioli) and kaddo (a roasted pumpkin dish) were too good--I had intended to just sample but the sauces were so fabulous, we scraped the plates clean with pieces of bread.  When our entrees arrived, I was already stuffed.  Still, I had to try everything and wasn't disappointed.  Even my daughter's simple chicken (Murgh) kababs were hard to resist--the meat was charred beautifully yet perfectly moist inside.  The cilantro chutney accompanied it well.  My prime rib was tender, fragrant and seriously tasty with the red pepper chutney.   The husband's Dwopiaza lamb must have been fantastic, too--it disappeared quickly!  I did scoop up some of his challow (rice) with the leftover sauce.  Delicious.Our sides included spinach (subzi) and the pureed yellow split peas (daal).  The spinach was simply prepared but very fresh tasting.  The daal was complex, with just the right amount of heat.For dessert, I wanted the homemade mango ice cream but, in a failed attempt to get my picky child to try something new, ordered rice pudding topped with cardamom and pistachios.  Oh well, more for me!I highly recommend that you try this restaurant for dinner.  It is the sort of place to take people you would enjoy sharing a leisurely meal with.  And while the 10 dollar lunch buffet appears to be popular, too, you cannot expect the freshest of the kitchen to be found on a steam table.  That said, I believe we'll head back soon for lunch, too!
4	Wife and I had the lunch buffet.  The food was outstanding everything was awesome especially the rice dish.  The food has some similarities to Northern Indian food so it seemed familiar to me but different enough to intrigue me.  The only con was the bread which I guess is traditional but I found very dry.  We will go back for dinner for sure.
4	the hubby and I ate here this past weekend and found the food and service to be very nice. We were greeted and seated right away. We ordered an appetizer that was recommened by the waitress. I forget the name, but it was a pumpkin dish that had ground meat on top. Sounds odd, but was good. A little bit sweet, but the meat somewhat balanced the sweetness. I ordered the subzi challow a spinach /lamb dish and my husband ordered a meatball dish. Some of the lamb pieces I found to be a bit fatty.Both meals were pretty decent. Each table is served bread with three sauces. One sauce is a pesto type of sauce, second a yogurt sauce and third a red, slightly spicy sauce. All very good. I would have enjoyed getting more bread. My husband and I only received two pieces each while the wait staff offered more bread to the table next to us at least four more times. At the end of our meal we ordered their homemade vanilla ice cream topped with spices. It was very good and you could tell it was home made and not store bought. I would pass on getting alcohol from here as even the cheap stuff like a bottle of Bud or Miller is $5 a bottle. I can get a six pack for $5 at the store. I found my visit to Kabab Palace to be very good and I would go back.
5	Whenever I have a craving for Mediterranean food, I come here.  Due to food allergies, I am not able to enjoy hummus anymore so going to other places that offer hummus can be bittersweet; However, all is forgotten when I enter Kabab Palace.  The lunch buffet offers so many flavorful dishes, such as banjan, veggie kourma challow, and sabzi.  My faves are the excellent kaddo and qabelee!My only caveat is the lunch buffet price- $11 before drinks and tax!  However, the spread is varied and delicious, and the temptation to throw caution to the wind and partake in hummus (allergy) is non-existent.  It's easy to overeat- consider yourself warned!
4	I have been to many Afghan restaurants in the bay area and have often been disappointed when i goto new restaurants with "afghan" cuisine. I really enjoy afghan food and found this place to be of very good quality and I thought the environment was very pleasant and the food was very tasty.
5	My first time having Afghani food and I am so glad we tried it.  I typically like Middle-Eastern food and this did not disappoint at all.  I am a vegetarian and the friend I dined with is not.  We both enjoyed our meals.  It was nice to get the free bread with three different dipping sauces as soon as we were seated as we were starving!  The sauces were all delicious.  As a meal I ordered Veggie Kourma Challow (green beans, carrots, turnips, and potatoes sauteed with onions, tomato, garlic, and cilantro).  I will order it again next time as well.The restaurant was not very crowded for a Monday night.  There were only two other tables the entire time we dined so the service was very good.
5	This place is amazing.  The service is GREAT, I never had less than a half full glass of water.  I am a vegetarian, and the three other people I dined with are not, and for the pumpkin appetizer, they put the meat in a separate dish for the meat eaters.It's just nice.  The place oozes kindness and helpfulness.  I'm not sure if the food is authentic, but it is really REALLY good and the service is so kind and helpful.
5	Read the review from New Times, and thought we'd give it a try.Consensus: best service dining out in a LONG time, crazy-amazing food (just have something with lamb, or eggplant for some real standouts). We lived near the middle-east for a while, and this food definitely had that "comfort food" type of feeling for us - and we'd never had Afghan food before. (for reference, we had the kourma challow entree, the banjan & aushak appetizers, bucklawa and sheerbering desserts)On a different level, as far as we know this place isn't a chain, doesn't relate to some gigantic corporation, etc., so when you go you know you're helping a family-run, local business while also happening to have a phenomenal meal. Seems like a winner to us.
4	I've been here twice for the lunch buffet and have been impressed with the selection and the freshness of the food.  Everything I tried was wonderfully flavored and the prices are quite reasonable too.
5	My husbean and I have gone here twice, and both times the food was amazing. The second time we went, the owner and his daughter both recognized us even though it had been a month or two. I always end up with leftovers for the next day, and the cilantro chutney they serve with the bread is so yummy.The last time we went, it was rather busy, but the service was still great. Both the owner and his daughter are incredibly friendly and willing to answer whatever questions about the food you have (such as what halal means, what makes meat halal, etc). The Turkish coffee is really good, as well.
2	All I remember of this place is a glum-faced family acting as greeters, waiters, cashiers and probably as the chefs. I don't know whether they were having a bad day or we went there at a bad time (Sunday dinner) but this experience was probably the worst that I have had in the valley. The Mourgh Challow was good but the Koufta Challow was in no way pleasing to the palate. The baklava was cold and as hard as stone. When we couldn't finish the food and asked for boxes, they handed us only ONE box for both the rice and the gravy. I was quite startled by this move... The enthusiasm that I had built up about this place after reading all the glorifying reviews has been dampened by the horrible service that we received in an empty restaurant with average food. However, instead of swearing by this one-time experience I am still prepared to give them the benefit of the doubt.
1	Well, I  came to eat here with a group. The service was very slow.and the food didnt come to my table until it was 45 mins later.Also, the food was really awful. Way too much salt and not tasty at all.I dont recommend this place to anyone.
5	Oh man do I LOVE THIS PLACE!  Their food is SO good, and so are their prices!  The first time I went I had never had Afghan food and was curious about what it was.  It was "normal" foods I had heard of but with spices that are simply WONDERFUL.If it's your first time I highly recommend the lunch buffet, that way you can taste a little of everything they offer.  Because deciding on a dinner item was difficult, I wanted to try so many of them!I came back last Dec. with a few girlfriends and we ended up chatting and eating well past when all the other patrons left (oops!).  The owner was so kind and told us to stay as long as we wanted- he chatted with us as well- telling us about his family and moving the restaurant from San Fran to Tempe etc.I really cannot say enough great things about this place.  JUST GO EAT THERE!
4	I really like this place, Im not an aficionado of Afghan food but I enjoyed it. My fav was the pumpkin, baked perfectly very fresh And the accompanying  dipping sauces were excellent. esp the cilantro one. The service was polite and attentive. This is worth a try...
3	The service was a little slow but the friendly service made up for it. The food was good (I got a kebab combo plate) and the servings generous. I don't remember but I don't think they have beer or wine though.
4	Dropped into this mid-sized place to try the buffet lunch today.  It was too warm inside, but somewhat stylish, the hostess was friendly, and the food looked good, so I stayed.I counted 22 food choices, and there was nothing I had ever seen before except the salad, which was like what you see at the Indian buffets... lettuce, quartered tomatoes, cucumber slices, baby carrots, & a yogurt dressing, etc.  After that, everything was exotic.After being seated at a small, out-of-the-way table to my liking, I  started with what the hostess called soup, but I would call lamb stew, & it was delicious!  Then it was on to the main dishes, & Sister/Brother Yelpite, I'm here to tell you that the food here is way beyond good, it's SENSATIONALl!  (Does anyone in Afghanistan actually eat this well, except perhaps President Karzai?)Kabab Palace is remarkably quiet inside (Yes there were other customers!), and they keep Halal.  Now, if I start talking about pumpkin, raisins, & burnt tomatoes, you're going to say, "Eeeww, I don't like those."  Oh yes you do!  GET OVER THERE!   :-))5-Stars minus 1 for too warm inside & a little high at $10.95
5	I have a new favorite restaurant and it is named Kabab Palace.  Ok, so I was expecting your typical Middle Eastern fare.  I was pleasantly surprised.  All of the food was outstanding.  The afgani ravioli (aushak) was especially delicious, if I go back I will probably order it as my entree.  The server and everyone else there was so nice and so helpful.  I want to go back and try the buffet but I'm afraid it can't compare to the amazing dinner I had there with friends.  I wish I was closer to this restaurant so I could eat here more often!
2	We have a newly over-rated restaurant to talk about; and it is named Kabab Palace (obviously). Okay, so we were expecting this pleasantly surprising Middle Eastern cuisine (especially for the asking price). We went for the lunch buffet: the Afghani bread was as dry as a Saltine; and the curry chicken was also as arid as the climate originating from. All-in-all, everything we ate most definitely lacked the wow-factor that everyone seems to be raving about. Including drinks (but lacking tips), the lunch buffet totaled to $30. We will not be returning. If one would like to experience a tasty buffet at a reasonable price, check out the Taj Mahal (Indian, Pakistani cuisine) in Tempe, off N. Scottsdale Rd (really close to ASU). Only $7.99 with a good spread; the garlic naan bread must be sampled. Oh, and the Indian equivalent of MTV playing in the background is not as loud as some are whinnying about; they are quite ridiculously funny (definitely enjoyable to watch while you eat your enjoyable food).
5	We loved it.I knew nothing of Afghani cuisine and the owner took the opportunity to help us work our way through the menu and the results were amazing.The spices, the flavors and the aroma of the restaurant was absolutely amazing.  It was certainly a culinary adventure and not only was it a delightful adventure, it was also very educational.Rock solid service, indescribably delicious food and if I could give the restaurant six stars, I certainly would.
5	Warning!  This place is no longer Afghan food.  It is now an Indian restaurant with both North and South Indian dishes.  My husband and I were very disappointed as we loved the Afghan food there.  Apparently the change came about 12 days ago, so it's very new.  We thought it might just be another Indian food experience, but it was amazingly good Indian food.  We've tried many Indian restaurants (including Guru Palace and The Dhaba) in the Tempe and Mesa areas and this was the best we've had.  We started our meal with veggie samosas which were good.  We then had a long wait for our main dishes, but the waitress kept our drinks filled and apologized for the wait (this is one thing that could be improved).  But then, when we got our dishes, we were blown away.  We ordered the ginger lamb curry and the Malai Kofta both a la carte style which comes with rice and plain naan included (a helpful change from most restaurants where you order that extra).  The ginger lamb curry was tasty with lots of ginger and very tender lamb.  The Malai Kofta was very good with a wonderful sauce.  Their naan was excellent - very fluffy - some of the best we've had in town.  The rice was seasoned a little bit too, which is nice.  We used that naan to clean out our bowls and might have licked the plate if we hadn't been in public.  We can't wait to go back and try more of the dishes.  We could see dosas being served at other tables and they looked very large and good.   They also have a lunch buffet and we want to go try that too.All in all, I'm sad to not have an Afghan restaurant around anymore, but their Indian dishes were wonderful!  The prices were just over $10 for a la carte entrees, but that does include the rice and naan.  With appetizer and one drink, our dinner for two was just about $30.
4	Good food. But this is an Indian place.. Why does it say Afghan ?? I had the lunch buffet and it was pretty good. Naan, biryani, 3 chicken dishes etc etc .. A decent variety. Will definetly go back again.
3	3.5 Stars. Great food! But the staff is still a little new and seem to be getting the hang of things under their new owner. The cuisine is Northern and Southern Indian, definitely not Middle Eastern. The servers were very nice, but were not the best at judging when you were done eating and they tried to take our plates away mid-meal.  I wasn't sure why that kept happening.  Nonetheless, she made some great recommendations for dinner. The chicken 65 appetizer is delicious: crispy spicy chicken. Mmm.
4	This place is great! We thought that we were going back to the Afghan restaurant, but found out that it had changed to an Indian restaurant once we were already through the door. We decided to give it a try. The food was AMAZING! Really, really good northern and southern Indian food. We ordered the Palak Paneer, the Chole, and the okra (forget the name). Each dish was delicious! The Palak Paneer is normally a pretty bland dish, but it was surprisingly (and deliciously) spicy! The okra had a nice spice as well. I couldn't stop eating it! We also ordered one of the chaat appetizers. It was unlike anything that I've had before, which is always a great treat because I've had a lot of Indian food. I have only just recently discovered chaat dishes and I've never seen them in a sit down restaurant. Neat!We were really happy that the curries came with plentiful rice AND naan bread (you usually have to order bread separately). The atmosphere of the restaurant is really pleasant and a little up-scale. The bathrooms are ehhh, but not awful. The owner came over afterwards to see how we liked the meal, which is always a nice touch. The server was a little new at the job and wasn't able to answer our questions fully. However, she looked like she had just started and needed more time to learn the ropes.Overall, a really wonderful surprise! One of the best Indian restaurants in Phoenix.
3	Went there a couple of weeks ago. First off, we were sat at a dirty table. The staff were very rushed and a tad rude.The food was ok but not the best I've ever had. The buffet looked pretty decent. However, I found that several of the options were undercooked, especially the dishes with lentils or beans. This wasn't the best indian food I've had but it wasn't the worst either. Just so so. It also seemed a little over priced for what we had. Maybe we just went there on an off day given the other reviews here. We will not be going back.
4	First let me clear up one thing, some people have written that this restaurant serves BOTH Indian and Middle Eastern (kabab) food.  It does not.  It was a kabab place until 6 months ago when the ownership changed, its now SOLELY Indian food.  I guess they're too cheap or too lazy to change the name or sign... which i actually find really endearing.  This is easily the best Indian food I've ever had, and I'm from the Bay Area where we have a very substantial Indian population.  Even my boyfriend, whose prior idea of exotic food was Filibertos (no I'm not kidding) LOVED the food here.  I had chana masala (chickpeas) which was insane, spicy and savory and completely flawless, and my boyfriend had the biriyani.  I'm not a fan of biriyani in general but this one was pretty good. Just a warning, you'll be picking full cardamom pods and whole cloves out of your mouth -- but whatever works to get the flavor so nice!  You can order your meal " thali" which means with 5 small side dishes for just a couple of bucks more, so we got to taste the dal (lentils), a soup, the aloo gobi (cauliflower), an incredible eggplant dish, naan and a tiny dessert.  I dont remember what the dessert was called but it was some kind of cardamom syrup soaked fried flour ball -- was delicious. I've been disgusted by that dessert at other restaurants but LOVED it at kabab palace. FYI, we didn't mention anything at all about level of spicyness and our meal definitely came spicy enough to make our noses run...charming, right?  so if you can't handle heat i'd suggest mentioning that you'd like it mild. When all was said and done, our bill came to $25 bucks, and we had at LEAST half of what we ordered to bring home.  Next time we'll order only one "Thali" meal to split and still eat well.  All in all, the best indian meal i've ever had, and enough to convert my 'merican-cheese loving boyfriend.
2	Note: this is for the Indian restaurant located in the former Afghan restaurant.  Also, to clarify, there is NO alcohol served here now.I was very sad when the Afghan owners sold their restaurant--the food was fabulous.  That said, I love southern Indian food and was pleased the first few times I ate here under the new ownership, even though they had NO chutneys, lime pickles, etc on or off the menu.Sadly, the quality has been sliding down with each visit.  When I went this week with my family, the meal started badly and continued that way.  The pappads were awful, stale.  When I informed the waitress, she went in the back, then returned saying, "Oh, we tried to keep them crispy but the kitchen must be too humid."  She didn't take ours back or offer us an appetizer.  Instead, they sat there on the table, untouched, until we requested that she take them back to the kitchen.  For the rest of the night, I listened to her warn guests that the pappads were a bit "off."  Good grief.  Still, we didn't come for the pappads, so onward.   As usual, we ordered a LOT of food: chicken and paneer pakoras, poori chana, butter chicken, lamb vindaloo, and more.  Alas,  everything seemed like reheated leftovers.  Not horrible but certainly not what I expect when I pay someone else to cook for me.It's not every Indian restaurant that serves dishes like dosa, utappam and idlis, so I'm sad to see what could be a good restaurant going down the road to mediocrity.  Next time, I'll drive the extra ten minutes and go to Dhaba.
4	Ah the previous owner sold this joint (to the people from Woodlands?).. how surprising given the poor quality of food they dished out.Now this is a much better Indian fare. With comparison to NY or any other decent place this falls short. But for chandler with all its Intel and Freescale population it is probably currently one of the better ones in the vicinity. So not surprisingly most of the patrons sport an Intel and Freescale badge... my my I would never have guessed.On to more serious stuff like FOOD... Well I would say 70%  of the dishes are decent. Unfortunately Its hard to discern which ones. I had to sample each item m in their buffet (lunch) to come to that conclusion.I'll harp on the bad...The Chettinad chicken was horrible, the dal makhni was "meh"... and the  paneer was swimming in oil. Of these I can excuse the dal and paneer... but Chettinad... shame... what a poor representation, given that the owner is... well not from Tamil Nad.. but nearby.However the desert was different ... yippee  and the eggplant good....lovely....Will have to go there once again but I'll try the a-la-carte dinner, that should foment my decision
5	I was sorry to hear the other day that we lost the excellent & unique Afghan Buffet here to new owners who kept the name but changed it to an Indian Buffet.  After all, we have Indian Buffets all over the Valley.Well, that was then, & this is now!Kabab Palace is nice inside, & looks about the same as it did before.  The only significant change is the food.  (OMG, the food!!)  The array of  main food choices is large for an Indian Buffet, about 20 items, & even though I think I've eaten at all of the Southeast Asian buffets in the Valley, about half of what they were serving here today was new to me...  and was it ever good!!Soon after I was seated, lovely "Niece" showed up at my table with piping hot, buttery naan bread, which was great.  Then I went over & got some terrific soup that I forgot to write down the name of, & then on to try many of the other dishes, including Okra Masala, Vegetables Manchurian, Egg Biryani, Lamb Korma, Aloo Tikki, Umpa (supercharged Cream of Wheat!), & much more.What I need to get to is this:  IT WAS HANDS DOWN THE BEST INDIAN FOOD I HAVE EVER EATEN!!     :-))Lunch Buffet 7 Days 11 AM to 3 PM, $9.95.  Vegetarian & Vegan friendly, everything is labeled, the dishes range from mild to spicy, & the service is friendly & attentive.  Regular menu at Dinner, 5:30 to 10 PM.Don't even think about skipping this place!
5	Went for lunch today with Rand H at this great east indian buffet ,there is new owners in the place and they have been there for about a year now. The food is still some of the best indian food you will find in the valley. Everything i ate from the lentil soup , lamb , goat , tandoori chicken ,naan , lots of veggie dishes were all delicious and for dessert they had a mixed fruit mango custard that is real good , so good they serve it everyday because it is so popular. The restaurant itself is clean and nicely decorated and the staff are very friendly and helpful. I would strongly recommend this place to anyone wanting good east indian food.                   yumm  yumm   yummm
4	I can't help but like this place. Good food, for buffet style food.The service is good the tea is fresh, the price is right. I just wish they offered a discount for kids.
5	I love this place! The food is very wow and reasonably priced as well. Will go back again and again.
3	After almost a full week of Indian food last week, I began the week on a bang, and had a hankering for.... more Indian food.  Since my favorite Indian place is closed Mondays, I decided to try out a place one of my coworkers praised: Kabab Palace.It started out promising.  There were plenty of options, including plenty of vegetarian, chicken, and even a goat dish.  I ended up with a plate of plain ole' white rice (because I didn't see the good rice oddly further down the buffet), some butter chicken, tandoori chicken, a green bean dish, shish kabab, chicken curry, and the goat.None of it was bad, but I was reminded why more options is not necessarily better.  None of them were done particularly well.  The flavors were a bit bland (though not Delhi Palace bland).  Most annoyingly, the butter chicken dish, though boneless, had small bits of bone mixed in, as if the chef had just shoved an entire chicken through a meat grinder.  There is nothing worse than biting down on a chunk of bone when you thought you were eating boneless meat.Between the haphazardly deboned meat, warm water in my glass, and somewhat bland flavor, I left somewhat disappointed.  Pasand, a few miles away, is better.My coworker who was with me commented that it felt like we were cheating on Taj Mahal by eating somewhere else.  Luckily for us, it just made us appreciate Taj Mahal even more.
1	First time going back in awhile obviously.The service was TERRIBLE.  Very, very bad.I ordered some eggplant dish and I didn't like it at all.  I usually love eggplant no matter how it is prepared.  I also ordered my dish mild and about burned my mouth off eating it.Done with this place.
4	i had just had indian food the night before, that made me slightly ill, but deicded to eat here and was so glad i did! the food was reasonable and the service fairly good. the portions were just right-the chicken tikka masala is a must-have!
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!   = = = = =Mike C. & I circled back around to this wonderful place again today.  About all I have to say this time is that having eaten at & reviewed all of them at least once now, I think THIS IS THE BEST INDIAN BUFFET IN THE VALLEY!Grab your friend who "doesn't like Indian food" & jump into your Mahindra or onto your elephant & get over here!  I think you'll both be blown away by how good the food is at this top-notch restaurant!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $10.99
2	This place used to be one of the few good Indian restaurants in the Valley, but not any more. I made two visits here in the past 3 months - once for dinner and once for the weekend buffet. Both times the food was below par. There were a few items that were tasty, but when you pay around $13-14 for a buffet, you expect more than just 2-3 items to taste good. They only allow you to order either a dosa or a naan with the buffet which isn't great since the food that you can try then becomes limited. I will not be going there again.
5	This is one of the best indian buffets, or the best, I've ever been to.I've been 3 times for lunch and each time EXCELLENT!The naan is to die for.  There are a LOT of vegetarian dishes (not that I am one) and all very tasty.I've had the goat, the curry, basically everything - and all very good!
4	The lunch Buffet here is definately one of the best Indian Buffets in town.The service is quite sterile and the Pakora is not nearly as good as at India Gate however.The only thing missing from the buffet is Samosas! That would be great if they put small meat or veggie Samosas out.Also we went towards the end of lunch. Bad idea to get there at that time. Typical for Indian restaurants they will not refresh the buffet unless the restaurant is full. I really wish they would not do that.The Butter Chicken had no meat left in it so they took a bunch of meat off of the Tandoori chicken and added it in to the sauce. Then when the sauce ran out they added straight CREAM. This was all done in the kitchen of course but as a chef I know. Either way, not cool to do things like that in America.Definately a solid 4 star place because their flavors are great. I won't give them the deserved 3 star this time for poor management due to the great flavors.
5	I first encountered Kabab Palace's chef's food back at Woodlands in Chandler, and fell in love with the rich flavors, diverse menu, and excellent pricing. The move to Kabab Palace and the addition of meat dishes to the menu enhanced the excellence of this establishment.
4	Arrived at 8:30 for Sat dinner and were given some great suggestions.  There was a large family and like 2 other couples at the same time, and all were Indian so we thought it might be good after all.We started with Chili Pakoras, which are fried jalapenos, but spicy ones!  The hostess even came out and wanted to make sure we understood what we ordered.  Hubby had Lamb Curry, which was in a red spicy sauce-not intense, not bad considering I'm not a lamb eater.  I had the Spinach Chicken which was very tasty and the spinach was just cooked right.  We made one of our meals into a Thali, which is a big tray with several little samplings and we also had some bread that accompanies the main dish. We had a great time trying out this new food and thinking about recommending and going back.  Total was about $30+, not bad for dinner for two on date night.  Next time I'd like to try the mango dessert and a drink.
4	By far my favorite Indian restaurant in Phoenix so far.  (And believe me, I've tried quite a few.)  I have had the lunch buffet here and dinner entrees.  The lunch buffet had a good variety and everything was tasty.  Typical Indian buffet, but done well.  For dinner, I first had to try my standard chicken tikka masala which was creamy with good flavor.  The tandoori chicken was very tender.  Naan was good as well.  Nothing special about the inside of the restaurant.  It just made the top of my list because I like the food the most.
5	This place used to have an Afghan lunch buffet, and when I returned to find that gone, replaced by yet another Indian place, I was disappointed initially. But wait! This is the most excellent Indian buffet I have tried in Phoenix. Even better than Maharaja Palace, which was my favorite before this. I have been back at least five times since, and every time the food is just awesome. They do tend to have the same chicken dishes each time I am here--not sure if that is luck of the draw or if they just do the same thing all the time. But the flavor is so great I don't care. My wife also loves the fact that they have a goat curry on the buffet. I've not seen that elsewhere. They also have tandoori chicken on the buffet, rather than bringing a couple of pieces out to your table like a lot of restaurants do. I need to try this place for their dinner menu. If the buffet is this good, I can only imagine how awesome the regular menu must be.In addition to the food, the service is very good, and the place is clean (can't say the same about Maharaja Palace). I would put this restaurant up in the top of my overall favorite Indian places worldwide. I have had better in Hong Kong and San Francisco and Chicago, but only slightly better.
4	I tried this place once on a whim as carry out, not sure what the menu name of dish but the description said yogurt chicken also came with fresh naan....ohh my yumminess very spicy and flavorful!  Felt I really scored with this whimsy adventure.  Took me awhile but made it back twice for the lunch buffet and have been very pleased with the selection.  Even though my carry-out and lunch buffet both good experiences I have and will definitely recommend the lunch buffet because if I hadn't gone for buffet wouldn't of discovered they had SO many delicious items available!  The place is clean and blue..lol and the service friendly yet a bit stale.  I do plan on going back again soon:)
1	Gratuity is mandatory here even for buffet!! This is what this Indian place made us realize!!!! Food is decent but service isnt and the lady at the cashier (Sujata) basically forced us to pay gratuity! Not that we wouldnt pay but literally questioned it because it was buffet. Anyway...we wont be going here as:- No kabob's were served on our buffet trip- Food was decent but not necessarily better than other Indian places.- Sujata was more interested in gratuity which she basically forced us to pay even though we objected.Will never go here again!!!!
4	This place actually serves pretty good North and South Indian food, which is no small feat. The dosas and utthapam are good and the lamb dishes, chicken, and other veg curry dishes are delish too. Sambar is tangy and chili hot which i love.  If you've never had dosas or other South Indian dishes, this is a good place to try them. Indian cuisine is soooo much more than tandoori chicken and naan.
5	Kebab Palace has some of the best Indian food I've had in a long time.  The butter chicken was perfectly seasoned with complex flavors.  The aloo gobi was perfectly cooked and just the right amount of spice.  Our order was to go, and they included 2 cartons of rice and 4 large pieces of naan with our order.  Our total for the 2 dishes was ~$25, a little higher than I thought it would be, but well worth it.  I'll have to come back for lunch to try the buffet!
4	GREAT Indian Buffet. Definitely the best in town by a long shot. They charge for it though! $12 per person for lunch. The food is always fresh and good. BEWARE: There is often a 10-15 min wait if you go during lunch time.
4	So I went here for the lunch buffet on Friday. AMAZING! The food was really fresh, seasoned well & cooked to perfection.  Most buffets leave you with dried out pieces of meat but not here. The service was great & we were in and out within our hour allotment.So I figured I must have caught them on a good day. My GF & I just ate there today...again the lunch buffet. Again...AMAZING. The service was just as good, the food was great & they even added a few new items that wasn't there Friday.  At $10.99 for the buffet its a deal. Esp. considering we spend almost $8-$9 on a burger meal at a fast food joint. I really like this place. My coworkers liked this place. Most importantly...my honey liked this place. I highly recommend it.
5	I've experience something of an about-face on this place.  I don't know if the food has gotten better, or my tastes have changed, but now, when I go, I find at least three or four dishes I really like.  Curry goat?  Yes, please!On my first time going back in almost a year, they had the most warm, moist, delicious gulab jamon (probably butchered the spelling there) I've ever had.  Now I have cravings for those tasty little balls (I'll let you come up with your own punchline).
5	i haven't reviewed many indian restaurants in phoenix, but have eaten at quite a few, at least 10. kebab palace had the best indian food i've eaten in the phoenix area for a long while. most indian restaurants i've tried are three and and a half to four stars from my perspective, but three and a half is typical. usually an indian restaurant is great in a couple areas, and one thing at least is detrimentally lacking, such as spiciness or service. usually, my displeasure especially increases as spiciness decreases (like at flavors of india). it's been a while since i tried kebab palace, so i can't actually remember specifically most of what i ate at their buffet, but i do remember (and can't forget!) that the food was actually spicy and flavorful and hot (in terms of temperature). wow! spicy indian food served hot like it should be, and a large interesting selection of vegetarian options (i usually eat vegetarian when going out to eat). i felt slightly impartial to the decor, too. madras blue walls and chandeliers, with bollywood films showing on the flatscreen.
5	Love this Indian. Trying to find a good Indian for ages, have eaten some awful food in pursuit. The food here is great and reasonably priced, decor could be better but when the food is good who cares. The butter chicken is particularly yummy!
1	Horrible food and the most horrible service ever experience, will never ever waste my money again in this restaurant,
3	The food is still great, but it looks like they have too much success and have stopped trying. The last time we were there, back on March 1st (my birthday, by the way), the buffet was all but empty, the service had gone downhill, and it was stuffy inside. We kept waiting for new additions to the buffet, but none came. Of course, we were still charged full price. They had better step it up--I just reviewed two new competitors that will give them trouble otherwise.
5	So good! My brothers Indian gf took me there. She approved and so did all of us. Took leftover lamb curry and chicken kabob home and was even good the next day!
2	The restaurant was clean and the food was tasty.  Selection was modest comparative to other Indian buffets.  Service left much to be desired and there were as many workers as there were tables seated.  Price was on the high side, again, in comparison; $32 for two people.  The two of us felt all but ignored until right before we left.
2	the food was mediocre, service was not good. go to the dhaba instead. you'll be happy.
4	Great buffet but the price does hurt a bit. I dropped about $30 for two at the buffet with out drinks for a Thursday lunch.In addtion to the normal dishes one would expect there are dosas and even mini baturaThe flavors were bold and declious, service was good too. I would be back but at about $2-5 more than other lunch buffets I probblay may not be for a long time.
3	Food was not that great, the people there were really friendly. I'm sure there's better post drunk hangover spicy food in Tempe.Pass
5	I have only ever been here for the lunch buffet but they do a very good job of it.  Lots of items good service and delious Mango Lassi's.  There are lots of Indian buffets around but this is a standout.  Try it.
4	8am Thursday morning went out the night before so didn't pack a lunch and was thinking to myself who can I get to go out to lunch with me, so I emailed my friend and said I'll buy if you fly, and she was down for that. Then we were like oh where are we going, since the office moved not too long ago we are still looking around and trying new places, we both have wanted to try Kabab Palace for a while now, so noon came and off we went!When I 1st walked in, my nose was intrigued by the smells, smelt so good, couldn't wait until I tried the food. We went for the lunch buffet, though the buffet table looked smaller than others I have been to, the items they have to offer were so much more, many different things to try, North & South Indian dishes, I have say so far this is my favorite lunch buffet spot.Some of the highlights for me, the butter chicken, omg that was soo good, and the coconut rice, amazing!! The naan bread was perfect too!  Happy to have given Kabab Palace a try!
5	I've been for both the buffet (weekdays, and always before noon) and to pick up food for takeout, and both are excellent.  The buffet is fresh, and items change regularly - probably the best buffet of any type of food I have been to.  Amazing bread, friendly service, fun Indian music videos on the tv.
3	Pretty mediocre. Tandoori chicken was the only dish I really enjoyed. Service was really nice, but doesn't make up for the quality of the food at those prices.
4	Good Indian food with abundant portions. With an Entertainment Book coupon, it was a bargain.
1	I didn't even get the opportunity to try the food. I went in with a guest from overseas to have the buffet. But the vegetarian dishes seemed old and untouched so we thought we would order a la carte. We asked for the menu and the manager was so rude to us and stood over our shoulder as we were looking at the menu. When we were deciding, she even said, "make up your minds". So we left.
5	The customer service and wait time for food is absolutely horrible, but let me tell you every minute I waited and twiddled my thumbs and watched the music videos on the tv they have by the entrance was well worth it. I had one of the best dosas I have ever had here. I have lived in chicago and los angles, and the cook who made my dosa shall get my business very often. I hope to shake his hand. I do wish the service and wait time would improve, but why compromise the quality of food. I will wait as long as you want me to.
4	Excellent food and good service.
2	We went there for a buffet an hour before their closing time. The buffet was ok. What was really bad was the service. While we were still eating, the waiter brought out a vacuum cleaner and began cleaning the floor. It was very uncomfortable for us with all the noise the vacuum was making. The owner was right there and she did not seem to care.We went there for the second time after a few months. The service was again really bad. We had wait every time to get water filled into our glasses. The waiter also had some kind of eye infection. I wonder how they allowed her to work with that.When I mentioned to the owner about the bad service her response was - "What ever we do people don't seem to be satisfied" The food was OK.
2	I was invited to come to this place on the spur of the moment.  I probably should have declined, but I do like Indian food and I figured I could order off the menu.  Yes, they do have a buffet here, but I hate buffets.Allow me to digress about buffets briefly.  The first problem with them is that they encourage me to eat too much.  I always want to get my money's worth, so I stuff myself.  Not great.  Second problem is a bit more gross.  Any idea how many people wash their hands after going to the bathroom?  Maybe half?  And here is a row of food trays with utensils being handled by literally dozens of people, half of whom did not wash their hands recently.  And that doesn't include those who may be sick, or recently coughed/sneezed into their hands (without washing afterwards).  And those serving utensils are touching my food??  Uhhh...no.So I order from the menu (more about the menu in a moment).  I'm not very hungry, so I just order a lentil soup with mixed vegetables in it (Sambar).  The waitress proceeds to the buffet line, grabs a bowl, and ladles the soup from the buffet into the bowl.  There's my sambar.  Served with one of those potentially toxic utensils I just mentioned.  Ugggh!  I wanted it from the kitchen where only one or two people who haven't washed their hands will handle it!!!!  Not cool.The service itself was inattentive.  They seemed a bit understaffed.  Maybe someone missed work so they were short-handed?  Dunno.  But it was inattentive.  What interaction we did have with the servers was friendly.  The soup was very flavorful, but very lacking in lentils.  I expected to see lentils.  It was mostly broth with a few pieces of vegetable in it.  Disappointing.And now for the menu...it featured a large variety of dishes.  That bit was good.  But every section that involved meat indicated the meat was halal.  Some argue that halal meat is more humane, but I do not believe that is true.  There are a few brief religious ceremonies/utterances that must be done before slaughtering the animal, but basically they hang it upside down and slit its throat while it's still conscious.  It then bleeds-out (probably at least 20-30 seconds before it passes out).  I do not see how that is more humane than the typical western method of stunning the animal first, then stringing it up and cutting the throat.  There is no suffering in the latter (if it's done properly).  I'm not squeamish about slaughtering an animal for food, and I do know where meat comes from.  The only reason to do it halal is religious, and I have a problem with inducing suffering without very good reason.  Ancient traditions that aren't really relevant to modern hygiene do not qualify in my opinion.  I'm not criticizing others' beliefs, but I do not share them and don't think I should have to partake in them.They have plenty of vegan dishes, and that's fine.  My soup I believe was vegan.  I do wish she had brought me a fresh one from the kitchen instead of one from the buffet line.  Prices seemed a tad high to me, too.  But the place was busy, and clearly very popular with Indian people (most patrons appeared to be Indian).
3	Ginger chicken was very good and liked the boti lamb even though it was not fully cooked as per Indian expectations .. They do have a thali option with the lunch and dinner orders which is nice . Biriyani was pretty average
5	Was really good, went with no expectation was surprised finally. The sweets, poori, dosa idly, curd rice, chicken 65 everything were awesome. The sambar could have been better, overall the food was awesome.Last but not least the service was really good, they were nice.I would suggest this place to friends.
2	This place does not deserve a 4-5 star , the food is average and the price is super expensive ..... The biriyani is not good  and the chicken tikka is only colorful , Taste is now ever like the traditional tikka
4	Food is good and fresh..better than almost 90% of the restaurants in and around Tempe,AZ. I just have one complaint that their Tandoori chicken is really pricey.
4	I was craving for indian good very badly and kabab place is actually not too far from my place. I ordered chicken tikka masala, and samosa .. For pick up, and omg .. Chicken tikka masala was great and chicken was tender , and samosa was nice and fresh . Great food all together ..
3	Not so friendly staff The food was fine in the buffet But try the mango custard  is very  delicious The thing which I didn't like when I payed for buffet , they charged and accounted my son who is 3 years
4	Great buffet, Good ambiance . Fantastic Dessert options.Will definitely go back :)
3	Definitely going downhill. The service is quite bad and they really just kinda cram people in here quite poorly. The food is still pretty good but they often make it not hot enough at all. Trying to cater too much to the white people when the majority of their clientele are Indian. That makes no sense!Spice it up!
1	I have actually been to Kabab palace a few times now--mostly to humor my family, since they have been partial in the past.  However, today's experience tipped me over the edge.  We decided to come here for my birthday and the service was beyond poor.  Our party of 7 was the only group in the restaurant for the majority of our time there, and each dish came out one by one, about 10 minutes apart; the first person got their food and finished before the last person even received their food. The plates that they gave for appetizers were dirty. The water was not iced and tasted very stale.  The sambhar tasted like it had been sitting all day. The paneer dosa that I ordered was tasty and the right level of spice, but was overcooked. Overall, I would like to say that I have given this restaurant one too many chances.  Needless to say, I will not be returning.
5	Kabab Palace is one of the few Indian restaurants with good flavors. Their buffet menu is pretty good and every time I bring in someone new to AZ to this place, they leave feeling satisfied. Definitely recommend their buffet so you can try the various preparations and pick which you like the best next time you come!
4	I've been here twice and both times it's been a great experience.  Don't let the name fool you...It's actually an Indian restaurant not Mediterannean.  Great food and great service.  They do not have a liquor license so they allow customers to bring their own wine to drink.  At most Indian restaurants I've been to usually you have to order the naan or rice a la carte.  Here at Kabab Palace if you order a la carte, you also get plain naan and rice with your entree.  I think it's a smart business practice to do that.
3	Average food at not so average prices I came here on the weekend and they were closed on Sunday. The food the first time I came was decent at best
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Three years after my last Update for this top notch restaurant they are still rocking!  Whipped over here for lunch today, this time joined by Jackie C. & Mike C.  Everything was great, just as before, and some of my favorite Indian dishes this time were both soups, the Sambar and the Rasam, as well as Mahi Mahi Curry, Butter Chicken, Tandoori Chicken, Mango pudding and tangy Rice Germ Phirni...  22 main food items all together, counting the complete salad as just one item.  (This is a good size for an Indian Buffet.)The dining room was cool and comfortable, the table service just right, and another nice touch?  They've lowered the Weekday Lunch Buffet price to $9.99!It's 5 Stars again for this excellent, somewhat spicy Indian Lunch Buffet!     :-))
4	Goat biryani is good... Very close to where I live and I gave it a try. You will not be disappointed. Yet to try out some of their tempting appetizers .. Very quite place and neat decor ..Will be back soon with my amru friends for sure.
5	Favorite Indian food around!  Love that they have vegan options! Always enjoy my meal and enjoy trying different dishes.  Their samosas are a bit spicier then some other places but really yummy.  I love that they have vegan options too.
2	Hey Yelpers,I really wanted to write a good review today. Sorry it's not going to happen.  You would have gotten this earlier as I tried to YELP while I was there but couldn't get it to fly.  Well, I was driving by a spotted it and said to myself "I really could go for some really good Indian cuisine right about now" (lunch time 12:00 noon) and that sign out front that says BUFFET ALL YOU CAN EAT!  Really caught my eye because I was really hungry and Im not a Sonic fan.  So lets give them a try!!!So I went in and asked if I could look at the lineup before I made my decision. Well I guess I caught them off guard with that one.... because they looked at me like I was crazy.  So I strolled over anyways and it looked like your typically small Indian style lunch special three meat items one goat and two chicken dishes and the rest were vegetarian or vegan style dishes and I saw two labeled as dessert.  The place was less than half full and I'm pushing 280 lbs 6'1" So Im a pretty large guy and this lady seats me in the center of the restaurant at a table for two I guess because I told her I may have my wife meet me for lunch did you get that one? A really small table.  So here is how I scored them.Score 1-5 with 5 being BESTHIGHEST SCORE ( 2 ) and believe me if it was not for the curry goat they would have received a ( 1 ) and the curry was just so so to tell the truth... :(Buffet:  ( 3 ) and at $9.99 per person plus a drink (Iced tea) my bill was just under $13.00 USD with tax. Food was just okay ... for me it seemed to be stretched.Restaurant upkeep: ( 3 ) the carpet was in pieces throughout the place as if it was ripped up and then just placed back down a trip hazard waiting to happen.Restroom: It had not be cleaned that day for sure ( 1 ) as I believe a restroom is a reflection of your kitchen (Now think about that for a second)....The staff: Here they should receive a ( 0 ) and I mean it. The only time they speak to you is when you come in and when you leave. Throw out everything you ever learned about customer service. Read the reviews I'm not alone on this one folks.  Not so friendly staff .. No training what so ever in customer service.Final word: For $12.00 a meal I can feed my family curry goat all night long and leave some meat on the bones for sure this time.  Will go back..... I'm sorry I have too many other restaurants that will go the extra mile and treat me like a valued customer.  I will only support establishments that train there staff to be courteous and polite and check on you while you are dining." If you want to feel like your invisible then bon appetite" Chef Emoneyblue
2	Food quality has gone downhill a bit from last few years. The owner  has bad attitude and not customer friendly. Expect $7 for 2 year old baby food if you give samplers during the buffet. Apparently it is the kids buffet price. We will stick to other places in the valley.
4	Don't be scared off by this weird strip mall set up, employees vacuuming 45 minutes before closing, strange shows playing on the TV. Look beyond all that. The food and service were spectacular, and they let several couples in just before closing and offered them the entire menu. Would TOTALLY go again.
2	Bad. Need to improve on customer satisfaction and hospitality . food and option are good but the other one makes me not go to same place again. But I still love the option what they have for lunch buffet.
4	They have improved a lot from the last time I visited , would highly recommend this place for lunch buffet
3	Food is always good here. Customer service is really bad. They made me sit for 30 mins in restaurant to pick up food for which I already ordered through phone and arrived to restaurant 10 mins thinking food is ready (wait time gave for me on phone). That's really bad customer service .
