4	Located inside Bally's.  This place would get 4 stars, but the service was absolutely horrid.  We waited 20 minutes for a table, and there were plenty available.  And I mean PLENTY.  Our waiter took forever to do anything, but at least the food was yummy.  Since this was one of the only places that served breakfast in the afternoon, I was gladly ready to eat there after waking up with a killer hangover.  I ordered a traditional breakfast with eggs, bacon, wheat toast and hash browns.  Orange juice was $3, which made me squeak a bit, but then I remembered that I was in Las Vegas.  Greasy breakfast food good, shitty customer service baaaad.
4	Keno and Brunch - go hand in hand?This place is good if you go here once in a while.  But dont try the 3 days in a consecutive row - you will get tired of it REAL fast.I think no matter what time you get down there, there will be a line to go in.  But the wait isn't horrible - about 10 mins or so.  The brunch is okay.  Typical pancakes, waffles, eggs, beacon, etc.  The coffee is pretty good.  The staff is okay, nothing to write home.  They are just there to do their job.  However, playing Keno is a pain.  It took us like 20 mins until the Keno waitress came over and took our numbers, so that meant another 15 mins wait for the actual numbers.
4	Fairly typical casino coffee shop.  The service level we received was decent, and the breakfast was quite tasty.  I opted for the Eggs Benedict, and washed it down with some coffee and freshly squeezed OJ.  We were there right at 8am and the wait was only 10 minutes or so.  Food came out in fairly quick fashion as well so overall, not too shabby.  If I happen to be back inside Bally's again I'll most likely grab another bite to eat at the Sidewalk Cafe.
4	Wow. I've been to a lot of casino cafes, so I wasn't expecting much. We were pleasantly surprised this weekend when we ate at Bally's Sidewalk Cafe. We ordered the corned beef hash. It was freshly made, hot, and delicious. 'more of a combo of leftover meats- pastrami, steak, etc. and they used hash browns instead of diced potatoes. Otherwise, the waffles were excellent, coffee refills quick and often. All in all an enjoyable experience.
2	I have to agree with most on here about the service, Its really, really slow.Food was decent just like any other cafe in the hotel. Does not surprise me, these cafes are old school. Something like back in the 80s. Time has change and food quality is much better and standards have gone way up. I expected more, dont know why! I guess the stomach in the end had the final saying. Don't come here on a late night, or you will be waiting 20-30 min when the place is has 20-30 open table.Overall : decent, 3 egg breakfast $9.95, I had better, I mean I make it                                                                          better at home! HA
2	We should have gone to Le Burger Bistro, but by the time we sat down and peeked at the menu, we were too tired to change our minds.  The blue cheese & mushroom burger I had was good (and huge), but the onion rings were kind of icky and the restaurant felt like a throwback to Vegas in the 70's...as if time had stood still.  Plus, we showed up to dinner at around 7pm and it was like eating during the Early Bird Special at Denny's.  There are plenty of better restaurants within walking distance...I recommend you go elsewhere.
2	So I know I really shouldn't expect much of a Thanksgiving dinner from a hotel cafe, so I really didn't order the turkey... but even for regular cafe food - I was sadly disappointed.  Located in Ballys hotel, the Sidewalk Cafe has a wide variety of foods ranging from breakfast to sandwiches and burgers to pasta and steak.  We ventured to the cafe on Thanksgiving evening and were pleased that we weren't waiting in a 2 hour line.  Despite the short wait time, the service felt as though the place was jam packed.  Most of the menu ranges in the $10-$15 range.  I ordered the prime rib sandwich which is like a french dip.  I was very disappointed when I received my food and my french fries were no longer warm and my sandwich was too large to even put into my mouth! The meat was pretty dry and I was hoping that it would be okay since they provided me with aus jus sauce - I was wrong.  The sandwich also seemed to lack flavor. I added salt to my meat, but it didn't seem to help.  Also, I'm a huge ranch lover - and was VERY disappointed that the ranch dressing just tasted... off... I even stropped dipping my cold fries in the ranch because the taste was so... off.All in all, the others in my party seemed to think that the food was "decent" but with so many places to eat in Vegas, I'm not too sure I'd go here again by choice.
3	I give this place props just for being open at insane hours. My friend and I were wandering around Vegas around 4am and needed to grub, and lo and behold, the Sidewalk Cafe is open! We sat down and fulfilled our craving for a nice, juicy, American burger, and that is exactly what we got. The meal wasn't memorable at all (perhaps due to being slightly buzzed in the wee hours of the morning, but I'll give myself the benefit of the doubt here), but I have no doubt this place will be receiving future business on future Vegas trips when I will definitely be in need of an extremely early breakfast ;). If you're starving in the middle of the night on the strip, swing by Bally's and hit up the Sidewalk!
1	Seriously, I'd go negative if I could. I have NEVER EVER walked out of a restaurant in my life until I came here.RUN DOWN DENNYS + SENIOR CITIZEN HOME = SIDEWALK CAFEI got super trashed at XS the night before so I had to skip out on my reservation at Craftsteak. I didn't want to go there looking like a zombie. Sidewalk Cafe was the closest spot getting off the elevator. GF and I got seated farily quick. One girl taking order for drinks. Steak and shrimp dinner special for $11.99? Alright! Ok not really. 15-20 minutes go by. We are staring at each other like, "Where the hell is our server". Then we see 1 lady serving and bussing over 10 tables. Conclusion: Forget it! Downed our waters and walked out.I tried to make a second attempt here because this is the ONLY place in Bally's that actually serves breakfast. But nope, that line was super long and I knew that line wasn't the only thing I'd be waiting in.Attempt #2, failed.
2	If you find yourself hungry in the middle of Bally's, Sidewalk Cafe might be up your alley.  Of course, it kind of depends on what alley you're used to.  If your alley includes OLD people, mediocre and overpriced food, as well as helpful but incompetent service, you've hit a proverbial jackpot.My friend and I were supposed to have late lunch (around 3:30 pm) elsewhere, but that place was closed at the time.  Sidewalk cafe seemed like a reasonable option at the time.We walked in and obeyed the "Please Wait To Be Seated" sign.  We stood there for 3-4 minutes before the hostess made an appearance.  All the while, the two cashiers were staring right at us like that Money You Could Be Saving With GEICO character, pretending not to notice us.  Finally we were seated at the booth next to a nice elderly couple.  There were hundreds of tables available, but Sidewalk Cafe chose to close off two large dining areas, making everyone sit within uncomfortable proximity of one another.I ordered Cajun Chicken Fettuccine ($14.95) and a side Caesar salad ($3.95).  My friend ordered a plate of nachos ($9.95) for lunch, for which she got a lot of grief from me: "Nachos, seriously?  How old ARE you?"  However, she was the one who laughed last.  The Caesar salad that we ended up splitting was pretty boring.  Everything it lacked in the flavor department, it made up with abundance of yucky Caesar dressing.  The Cajun Chicken Fettuccine was neither "Cajun" nor "chicken."  There was a lot of dry chicken strips floating in the sea of tasteless Alfredo sauce and store-bought pasta.  My friend's nachos looked good enough by ballpark standards, not by restaurant standards.  I did not dare try them.  The portions were very generous though, although the prices did not jive with the quality of the food.Sidewalk Cafe is seriously understaffed.  Our waitress disappeared for 5-10 minutes at a time, which added at least 20 minutes to our dining experience (read: subtracted 20 minutes from my poker game).  Although, can you really call it a dining experience if the waitress forgets to bring you silverware?With thousands of dining options in Vegas, you might want to skip this place.
3	Great apple pie a la mode. Onion soup was okay.We didn't want to be late for our Jubilee show and didn't have the strength to trudge it back to our hotel, eat and come back. So someone directed us to this joint.While waiting to be seated, we had our doubts. The energy of this place was so low. The tables were placed far away from each other as if they had to accommodate wheelchairs or walkers. The patrons were elderly.  But we were tired and hungry.The coffee was good and while everyone in my party ordered apple pie a la mode, I wanted an onion soup as well. The pie was worth the wait. It was SOOO good. The next best thing was our server. She had a smile on her face and she was friendly and on the ball which seemed rare during our 7-day stay at vegas. I can't say much about the food though but it seems like a feeding place for those who have no time for conversation because their goal is to eat and go back onto the casino floor. I would probably have gone back if Bally's just wasn't so errie. If you check out Vegas' most haunted, Bally's is one of the top places.
1	Horrible...just horrible.  Bad service, under staffed, crappy attitude, long wait, longer wait for drinks, longer wait still for the food.  Did I mention the food was bad as well?  That's like 0 for 7.
3	I had breakfast here and thought they did a good job.  The pastries, fruit, eggs and coffee were all solid.  I can't speak for lunch and dinner but the breakfast was just fine!
3	He said, " Yea we went here for lunch only because we wanted to use our comp. I had a regular turkey club which was good with a side of onions rings. I don't think the prices matched the food is why they are only getting three stars. You can play this crazy game called Keno while you wait for your food. I tried to play but the game didn't make sense and the grandma who collects your ticket didn't feel like explaining to me...anyways if you want a quick lunch this is the place to be. Nothing fancy here...considering your in Vegas...something needs to stand out."She said, "Eh i would have rather went to mcdonalds or something. This place was kinda plain and boring. The wait was pretty long too for just sandwiches. I got the turkey melt and my boo got the club. His was pretty good and my melt was pretty regular. Nothing too special about this place. So yeah....thats why we only gave 3 stars, it was just okay."
2	We had breakfast here on our last day in Vegas.  I was not impressed, but then again you can't expect too much from a cafe inside of a hotel in Vegas.  I had the All American Breakfast, which came with eggs, meat of your choice, and french toast or pancakes.  I chose to have the french toast and it was ok, but the syrup was very watery.  The eggs were edible and the bacon was actually cooked how I like it (a little crispy).My friend got a ham and cheese omelette and we laughed when it arrived because it looked like they threw a Kraft cheese single on top of it to melt.  She said there was way too much cheese inside.Edible food, but not my first choice for breakfast.
3	***This cafe in Bally's seems very similar to other casino cafes; their breakfast was satisfying***Sidewalk Cafe is located inside Bally's.  We went here for breakfast.  It is not a breakfast buffet but a traditional sit-down breakfast place.  The decor is pretty no frills. The seating was comfortable, and the service was efficient.  I had the pancakes with bacon and eggs.  Everything was good.  And prices were reasonable.  If you are looking for a non-buffet breakfast place in  Las Vegas, this is not a bad place to stop.Surprisingly, the restaurant sign seem to indicate that this place is only open for breakfast and early lunch.  The place closes at 3:00pm-ish.  You get this a lot at breakfast places in Los Angeles, but it was a little odd to find something like this in the always open atmosphere of Las Vegas.
1	They should call it the Trainwreck Cafe. Service & most of the staff is colder than the food.The seating was very limited & more than 1/2 the restaurant was empty & reserved for "vip's" , as we were told, so they crammed us into a tiny table in the middle of everyone's walk path, that was kind of awkward for everyone :/     No one ever did enter the vip area.One of the new napkins had oily stains in it and some food was barely warm. We ordered coffee refills at the end of our  meal, and it took sooooo long for it to arrive we figured they forgot about us, so we left to pay at the counter. The waiter walked up to me ( at the cashier)  and said we should not have ordered refills if we were leaving, then he laughed, we were like  WT#*@ :/This place used to be ok, but now with so many out of work in Vegas, one would think they could find some tallented or at least competant staff & management .           Keep Walking...PAST... the sidewalk cafe.
2	I give it a Meh. The food is predictable and the ambience includes loud kitchen noises and people yelling keno numbers. Good fresh squeezed orange juice.
2	We originally wanted to hit the buffet at Paris, however, the line was horrendous and we were hungry.  So, we wandered over here.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for out party of 7, despite the very emptiness of the restaurant.  Apparently the servers can't handle much...even though they have someone doing drinks for them. The menu was nothing to get excited about.  They did have things on the menu that they no longer serve though (espresso and cappucino).  I ordered the build-you-own-omelet.  Ther service was pretty slow...but I don't think we minded so much.  When the food arrived, I believe that everyone was quite satisfied with their food.  I was.  Nothing special, omelet, hash browns, toast...same withthe other orders.  It was a little more expensive than it ws worth, but I suppose that is what you get in Vegas.  Overall, it was just meh...I will probably never go back.
2	This USED to be one of my favorite stops while in Vegas. They USED to have great pancakes and they USED to have great mashed potatoes to settle a grumbly tummy after too much Vegas excess. They also USED to be open pretty much all the time.No longer the case. Now the hours are VERY limited. Come on now. If I'm looking for comfort food at 11pm to get my second wind going it's not gonna be from here.Lame move, Bally's. Lame.
2	"OK" breakfast food...actually I am surprised a place of this calibur is still in Vegas given the options. I would only go there if the wait was too long everywhere else. Ordered the traditional 2 eggs, bacon, pancakes. I would go to Denny's for the same value.Hubby ordered the club sandwich which was a lot better than our breakfast items.skip the orange juice (straight from the carton) and bland coffee if you can.
2	Checked out and don't want to search for food.  Why not this place?  Well also because my aunt had some points to use.  So why not?  I ordered a corned beef sandwich.  It was good.  Except the sourdough bread scraped some tissue from the roof of my mouth.  The bread was hard.  The food is actually bland.  The only thing I really enjoyed were the fries...when they were still hot.  Sandwich?  Not so much.
2	Typical cafe with typical breakfast food. I won't sugar coat, this is barely an inch above Denny's but more expensive. Our waitress wasn't very good and wasn't very knowledgeable of the menus or prices. When we first walked in there was a sign that read $5 mimosas but the waitress tried to charge me more saying that I was incorrect, finally I walked to the front and asked if I could take the sign with me to show the waitress; the manager happened to be there and asked why, so I explained what happened and she immediately knew which waitress I was talking about and apologized because apparently theres always issues with this particular waitress. Immediately, the bill was fixed and the rest of the time the meal went without anymore issues.I didn't enjoy my food, it was bland and small portioned. But I did enjoy the mimosa =]First and last time here. Come on Bally's, you can do better than this.
3	I ate lunch here two days in a row last month.  I had the cobb salad both times, and it was pretty good.  The price was reasonable (10.99?), and the salad was quite large.  It was cheaper than a buffet, where I can't eat enough to get my money's worth.  I was alone, and got seated right away both times.  Had a very friendly server the first time, and a cold server the second time.  I would go back for that salad.
2	I got the bagel and lox plate. I thought capers, smoke salmon, hard boil egg with a bagel sounded good but eh, it was okay. Not memorable or worth 12 bucks.
2	Came here for brunch. They have a menu that you can order off of or the brunch buffet for 12.99. I ordered off the menu and got breakfast. Eggs, hash browns, sausage, and toast. The usual. This place is pretty busy during brunch time but the food is nothing to rave about. Nothing special about what I had but then again it was breakfast so breakfast is usually the same in many places. I've definitely had better but it was at the hotel I stayed at so it was very convenient. Service was nice and prices were a little higher for just your average breakfast.
3	Used to be a 24 hour cafe.  Now it's limited hours.  Food is okay but it's on the strip and cheap.
3	Hit this place at Bally's a couple of times for their breakfast buffet. Good price. Not a huge selection, but the scrambled eggs and biscuits & gravy are both very good.
2	A very below mediocre cafe that people probably go because they are too hung over or there is absolutely nothing else to eat.  Came here with a huge party right before they closed at 2pm.  The service is really slow here and  you'll have to ask for everything twice, that is if you can flag down a waitress and get their attention, but they were nice, just not very attentive. The food is not impressive at all.  My pancakes were were dry and I asked for soft scrambled eggs, which still came out looking like regular scramble.  I also ordered a plate of steamed vegetables, you know, so I can eat my veggies for the day.  Little did I know that the whole plate of veggies are completely doused in butter that glistens so much that I can see my own face.Unless you really have to, there so much good food in Vegas, I'd go elsewhere.
1	for those who came here because the buffet line was too long... go back to the buffet.
1	This place sucked :-(
2	If you're here on business and in a hurry, beware!  The service is very slow.  You can choose the buffet, which is very pricey and doesn't include coffee or juice, and that's a little quicker.  They seem to be perpetually short-staffed in the morning.  I guess that Bally's figures that since this restaurant is the only game in town - or at least in the hotel - for breakfast, they don't need to make an effort to please their guests.They are slow to seat guests.  One of the waiters is terribly rude, although the waitress on the last visit was delightful and did her best in trying circumstances. If you stay at Bally's, you either need to get up a lot earlier than you normally would or plan to skip breakfast.There's a coffee cart near check-in, but there's no information about it, so if you don't see it, you won't know it's there. I wish I'd known about it earlier in my stay.
4	For what this place is, it's very good. They have an $11 breakfast buffet that's among the cheapest on the Strip, and the selection isn't bad. I've also been here for lunch, and I found the food to be pretty good and very low-priced compared to similar cafes around Vegas. Highly recommended.
3	I had the ham and American cheese omelet with sourdough toast. Boyfriend had the corned beef hash. When I got my food I realized it was cheddar cheese in my omelet, I know cheddar is better and all but really I prefer American in my omelets. My hash browns were for the most part good, but there was some squishy grey bits which I wasn't 100% sure were potatoes. Toast was perfect I love sourdough! :) the corned beef hash was definitely fresh but I prefer it a little more well done the consistency of this was mush. And to pay we had to go up to the counter, I really hate when restaurants do that. All in all my food and experience rivaled with Denny's, at least at Denny's I can have a yummy breakfast sandwich!
1	My friend and I had the breakfast buffet here at Sidewalk Cafe when we were in Las Vegas and were not impressed at all.  The place was packed (which was expected) but it was definitely not worth what we paid.  The pancakes were pretty small and on the dry side, the scrambled eggs were really runny, and the sausages were not good at all.  There was no bacon?  We were really surprised because this was supposed to be a buffet and we got there pretty early.  It didn't come with juice, just coffee.  Denny's is way better, I wouldn't recommend dining here.
2	My friend and I decided to try this place while the rest of our group stayed in the hotel room sleeping because of the night before. I was so hungry I just wanted to eat anything. Fortunately the buffet had started here around 11am for 11.99 per person. (does not include drinks )It was a Italian style buffet. Spaghetti , lasagna, meatballs , and Parmesan chicken. They also served a soup and salad.I hate to say it but the food quality was very poor. My clam chowder was disgusting and the only thing I enjoyed from my plate was the fettuccine . I kind of stuffed myself with bread because I was worried I was not going to get my money's worth. I was surprised how cold some of the food was judging that they just opened the buffet right as we got in. We were even the first ones!
3	My family and I ate here for breakfast one morning on our trip to Vegas.  It took a while for a server to greet us, but it was pretty busy so it's understandable.We ordered our food and it came out at a reasonable time.  At first glance the food looked great.  The dishes there come in large portions and there's no doubt you'll be full.I ordered the smoked salmon breakfast thing and when I got it it looked pretty good.  That was until I reached the last of my tomato.. found some.. weird.. brown stuff. I decided not to eat the rest of it because I didn't know what in the world that thing was.Aside from that, everything else seemed to be well.  It's a good place to go and it's very convenient if you decide to stay at Bally's.
3	Hey! Its a hotel/casino cafe. What else you expect for a late breakfast?! It was pretty good. I recommend splitting the American Breakfast with somebody if you can eat a whole lot in the morning like I can. Price wasn't too much either... Even for Vegas. Servers were nice, like with your diner attitude :) I don't understand how some reviewers can also give a hotel/casino cafe like the Grand Luxe, The Henry, etc (luxury hotels) such poor reviews. While Ballys may not be the most haute, or chic hotel on the strip these days, the cafe is pretty good- I mean those cafes ARE definitely tastier than Sidewalk Cafe. But I'm not complaining.
3	Visited here on a Sunday afternoon, had lunch while walking through Bally's casino.We ordered a Cobb salad, half sandwich, two bowls of soup and drinks for $27, the service was friendly although was a little slow since the cafe was packed with people.  Overall the food was good and filling.  They do have specials on the menu and if you use your Total Rewards card, you will have a discount on certain menu items.The cafe has limited hours and at the time I visited was only open for Breakfast and Lunch, closing at 2pm.Overall, I would visit again, please keep in mind that this cafe does get busy but there are multiple dining options within Bally's to keep you satisfied.  The Sidewalk Cafe is located between the escalator and the Tequila Bar.
3	Typical Vegas buffet. I ordered the vanilla bean French toast with fresh berries. Very yummy and filling. But again typical $4.99 for a glass of OJ. Wait time at 1130 was about 30 minutes. It also took a long time for the server to come over and take our drinks order.
2	Had the breakfast buffet here, and I don't think we'll be doing that again.The food was mediocre. The service was actually pretty good. The setup of the dining area and buffet was atrocious. A long line outside to be seated, then a line almost as long to actually get food. The selection was pretty limited, as its basically a motel style continental breakfast. There is no live cooking, the "omelets" are just a warmer tray of dried out eggs covered with cheese. The whole buffet area is basically one small counter of warmer trays stuck in the back of the dining area.With the rather long line to get any food, most people were double fisting with two plates. This, in turn, meant that the supply of clean plates was quickly exhausted, stopping the line from any further movement.Finally, you don't pay when you enter. When you leave, you pay at a cashier counter, so there is often yet another line to wait.All in all, really not worth the amount of waiting involved.
2	Overall rating is 2.5 stars out of 5.So my wife and I decided to go here for breakfast. The service here is a tad bit on the slow side even with very few people in here.Ok so I forgot the name of the meal I ordered but do remember what the meal contained: Eggs, 2 sausage links, hash brown, toast, and 2 pancakes. I can tell you that the food looked better than it actually tasted. I mean the food wasn't nasty but I've had better. The eggs were bland and didn't have any real taste to them, so I had to put some salt on them (Not a good idea if you have high blood pressure). The toast was actually good, it was nice and buttery. The 2 sausage links and the hash brown were ok I didn't have any issues with them.  Finally the pancakes, although they were pretty sizable and looked very good they really didn't have any real taste just a lot of fluff.I think the meal here is plentiful and looks good, so it can satisfy you if you are hungry but I don't think it will satiated toggle taste buds. But they that was breakfast and just one item, maybe their other breakfast or lunch items taste better.
1	6/2/13 4AM dehydrated and tired from partying. Walked up to the cafe, no line. Stood there aimlessly as the servers walked about without giving us any direction in how to get service. Sat ourselves (party of 7) in a section that was closed since there weren't any open, clean tables that were ready for us. Sat there for 10 minutes, and realized no one was going to come our way. Hailed down a server walking past us who was happy to take our order. The only downfall was that I suppose he was in a hurry to do whatever he was on his way to the kitchen to do in the first place prior to us hailing him down, so he didn't stay to hear the rest of our order. I'll give him a benefit of a doubt- perhaps he thought we were finished ordering? But after seeing another table who sat after us receive their water before we did, I thought I needed to speak to a manager. I walked up to the bar and the bartender said he would get the manager. After 5 minutes of standing I decided I'd wait for this "manager" at my table. Our order of 6 tacos and 2 margaritas arrived and still no manager. Finished the meal and still no manager.#1. All servers should acknowledge guests.#2. I don't care if someone's not sitting in a "section" or your section. Eventually there has to be communication between the servers and or management as to who's going to take the party. #3. You're always going to get customers who aren't sober. It's not an excuse, but it is true. I understand that one of our members was out of it, but don't walk away without completing the order. If anything call management to deal with the individual. If they see fit, they'll ask them to leave and trouble will go away. In our case, I believe the server was just being impatient. #4. Managers, where the heck are you? Your server's service is a direct reflection of you. In fact, I almost can't blame them for not knowing to how to greet customers, and serve patiently and serve fast- you didn't even show your face! WTF. As for the food? It was alright. I mean what do you expect from $2 tacos?
3	The breakfast buffet isn't half bad. I have no basis for comparison in the land of post-debauchery buffets, but I can say I enjoyed my experience. The selection is pretty good, with heavier items like the chicken fried steak, traditional items like pancakes, eggs, and bacon, and lighter fare like oatmeal (which you order from a server at no extra charge). I raided the fresh fruit trays, which were full of ripe pineapple and melons, and I was actually impressed by the cheese omelets, which were almost as good as the ones I make (ALMOST!). Overall, at ~$12 a person, this is a pretty bang for your buck. Besides, I dare you to find a better value on the strip!
2	The server was excellent! She was friendly, explained everything, and even went out of her way to give us extra items! We tipped her well.On to the food. Most of the items on the menu were a decent $9.99 price. For some odd reason I just wanted chicken wings and onion rings, so that was what I got. The wings were sort of pink ish inside... wtf? They were okay, glad I didn't get a stomach ache afterwards. The hot sauce  that came with it was good, it had a good spicy kick. Onion rings were onion rings. I ate it the next day after EDC and it was the best tasting thing ever atm. My friend had the steak and eggs which she enjoyed. My other friend had the philly cheesesteak which were HUGE and came with plenty of fries. Decent tasting. Would I come back here? Definitely not. It's a sub par cafe that only got the job done. We got tired of walking and just wanted something cheap and decent. If you're stuck at Paris/Bally's area and don't want to go far for food, this place will do the job, esp breakfast (got lots of breakfast items on the menu). Don't bother coming here from other parts of the strip.
3	Not a huge selection here. You have to ask a server for English muffins or bagels. I don't get that. The food was alright. Decent meal for a decent price on the strip. Don't expect a lot and you won't be too upset. Get the eggs with cheese if you don't like watery scrambled eggs. Scrape off the cheese if you don't like cheese with your eggs. It's that simple.
4	My sister and I shared the salmon platter for breakfast, and it was incredible. This is not your typical Vegas Buffet, so we ordered off the menu. Pleasantly surprised , as this place was unassuming. The fresh squeezed orange juice was delicious!
1	This place is a dump, I got tricked into the beautiful sign for the breakfast buffet. NONE of the items on the picture were offered. It was the worst powdered eggs, greasy sausage, premade danishes, unripe fruit. I was grossed out. I'm not kidding-I've had better continental breakfasts for free at motels.Not only was the food sickening, the 'chefs' were yelling and cussing to each other behind the syrup/danish area (I could see one, not the other).I like Bally's and this place is a real disappointment. Even Imperial Palace/Quad has Hash House a go go. At least tear this place out and put a Denny's in.
1	Inedible. Powdered instant scrambled eggs, turkey sausage that looked and tasted like muddy leather, watered-down coffee that tossed tasted like chocolate syrup ($4!), Fried eggs that were so undercooked and covered in oil, I felt like I was eating a jellyfish.  Also the waitress was frazzled and inattentive.   Worst breakfast experience I've had in many years.
1	Run don't walk away from the express breakfast buffet. Way overpriced for inedible food. I've had better free hotel continental breakfasts. This place is horrid.
1	Terrible terrible terrible. This is not a true Vegas breakfast buffet. For 11.99 you get scrambled eggs only, pre-made "omelet" which is and egg with cheese and not much else. To throw salt in the wound they add $2 for coffee and or juice. Rip-Off. You have been warned.
3	Had the breakfast buffet for $11.99. Realized when we went to pay that the drinks were $2 extra. Ok fine. But it wasn't made clear.Breakfast is breakfast. And buffets, especially inexpensive ones, can only do so much. The food here was good. Not all of it was on the buffet line though, my guess is that it's because of space issues. Totally understandable. The guy restocking the food made sure to announce that you get hot and cold cereals, toast, bagels, muffins from your server. (Yet donuts, croissants, Danishes, and muffins were on the line. ) We didn't want any of those things anyway, but our server made sure she asked us anyway. Good communication on this issue. Makes up for the snafu on the drinks.Speaking of drinks.... The orange juice was fresh squeezed. Don't see a lot of that anymore. Which is ok by me because I actually don't like pulp. Oh well. It's a nice touch for some people. I think most of the food seemed to be of good quality. No bathroom inside the restaurant though. It's a short walk into the casino. And, we weren't seated near the buffet either. Matter of fact we weren't even asked if we wanted buffet or regular menu. We had to ask the server about it. The hostess should be a little more interactive. Worth the price. Would eat here again. But nothing to write home about.
3	Had a few comp nights at Bally's a couple weeks ago. Saw the sign for a $11.99 express breakfast buffet and decided to give it a try one morning. Decor is ok. It seemed somewhat busy. I was seated right away since there was no one waiting.The buffet line consists of the main breakfast staples. About a dozen items. Nothing flashy or extravagant. But it's hard to beat $12 buffet on the strip. It is an extra charge if you wanted a beverage aside from water. It did seem to take forever for a server to find me to get a drink. I was done with my 2nd serving before a waitress found my table and I got a water.Just a no-frills cheap eats if staying or near Ballys. It might be some people's thing and some I'm sure would find it horrible. For the price, it's about what I expected and I am well aware how expensive it is to dine at strip casino spots. Of course, the locals weekday 50% off Rio Carnivale buffet is 10x better. Weekday breakfast comes out to around $15 if I recall correctly. Although I know that offer has just recently ended.Could do worse but if one is looking for another option in Ballys. There's Nosh open 24hrs & Java Coast near the front desk for breakfast also.
2	This was hands down our least favorite meal in Vegas. We stopped for lunch as we were passing through. The menu has a good selection but we weren't impressed with the food. The food we got was clearly from frozen and was nothing special. With all the great dining options around, there's surely better good around!
2	I was passing by this place on my way to monorail and got my attention, there was always line. I decided to try on Saturday morning. Line was long as usual. There was a picture which showed all you can eat breakfast buffet for $11.99 at the door. What I did not realize was that this only covers water. Any drink was extra. Coffee was $2 extra. After 20 minutes wait, I got a table. Went to buffet right away (you can also skip buffet and pick something from their menu). Buffet was basic, scrabbled eggs, sausage, ready-cooked cheese omelet, muffin, donuts, some pastries, bacon, sliced watermelon and melon, potatoes. I picked some and came back to my table but there was no silverware, I had to track down my server to get one. I also waited 10 minutes for my server to come and get me a drink. It looked clean, all tasted okay, decor was simple. There are better places for breakfast if you can give couple of dollars more. May repeat if there is no line because of it's low price.
2	Food was ok. The worst service in the entire world I'm sure. They don't refill your drinks or pick up your plate. Five servers were just standing against the wall and they looked mad when I asked for help. Go to another place!!! Save yourself!
3	Yesterday I checked out of Vegas. Since I was staying at Bally's I came here for breakfast. There are two menus for breakfast: regular menu and buffet. For the best value I decided the buffet. Unlike eating at Le Village Buffet at Paris Las Vegas, I wasn't planning to get a lot of plates. I wanted to get just enough plates to satisfy my hunger throughout the whole day as I was leaving from Vegas to LA to San Jose. There aren't a lot of items on this buffet. The items here resemble a continental breakfast buffet at a hotel in Orange County around Disneyland. It's nice for that kind of hotel, but not for a casino and hotel in Vegas. The first plate I got included scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, and country fried steak. For the breakfast buffet toast and cereal was included. So for second plate I got sourdough toast and oatmeal. The second plate was the best plate for the whole buffet. Inside the sourdough toast was moist as if it came right out of the oven. The oatmeal with brown sugar was soothing dish for breakfast. The last two plates I didn't take pictures as I forgot or didn't care. The third plate was portion of cinnamon roll, a donut, and country fried steak. The last plate consisted of fruits like watermelon and pineapple. So if the second plate, which consisted of sourdough toast and oatmeal, was the best plate of the whole buffet why didn't I give this buffet a lower rating? As a Total Rewards Card Member I got about a fifty percent discount for the buffet. Instead of paying about $13 including taxes I paid about $7. Is this buffet worth $13? No. If you're a Total Rewards Card Member is this buffet worth $7? Yes.
4	Reasonably priced for being inside a hotel. The food is decent but service is not so great. Still a good place to eat.
3	I was disappointed to say the least. After being shocked by one other buffet, I will not name! because their ticket price was $70 a head! SERIOUSLY??? What the heck are you servicing for breakfast? No breakfast if worth $70 a head. I might be tempted to pay my grandmother $70 for her breakfast, but that's because I know her cooking is off the page. Plus you can't see the dog gon plate from all of her food.If I'm going to pay $70 a head for breakfast I want more than a couple of blueberries and muffin on my plate!!Anyway... you get what you pay for they say. If you want an inexpensive meal stop in and visit. I still think they could have a better selection of food on their menu for breakfast.
3	Had the breakfast the day we flew home and hoped it would fill us up , it certainly did and $13.99 including coffee is value for money .
3	Buffet food looks okie.  Drink extra but way cheaper than menu price $2 fresh squeeze OJ with the buffet.  I booked through orbitz and got $20 food and drink credit.  Not a poor deal on the strip.
5	Come see Pam!!! Great service! Great attitude!!! All around a great time!!! Thank you Pam for being the BEST server we've had in Vegas anytime!!
1	I ordered a simple stack of pancakes. OMG, they had no flavor and felt like they were previously frozen. How hard is it to make a good pancake! Even the pancakes at McDonalds taste better than these. The syrup was very runny and also had no flavor. I was so hungry I tried to eat them but became nauseated. The coffee was 3.99 a cup and no one offered to fill it and it was not that good either. The servers were arguing about breaks, really? Fill my coffee and stop arguing! Never again and will tell others not to waste their money.
3	That may be a bit generous but depends what you're looking for; decent value but just seems to stale.  Even Denny's gone a bit upscale.Ordered the ham and cheese omelette, nothing great, and the hashbrowns disappointing--no crispy edges, and even a bit soggy from either excess butter or oil lol.Eggs were fine but ham also a bit salty and burnt for the wrong reasons.But it's convenient if you're staying at Bally's and don't want to move outside this insane heat.
1	Pitiful buffet and crappy service. We ate there yesterday and, well, they sure have mastered the are of screwing up a breakfast buffet. Today we went back to try and eat off the menu, and sat for 15 minutes with no service before we left. The front desk did not care. Ballys used to be a nicer hotel, like 20 years ago. These are the reasons they have trouble today, crappy food and bad service.
3	Had breakfast here. Neat little spot inside Bally's. Nothing too exciting about it. The food was decent..., had pancakes, eggs, sausage and hash... The service was pretty good. Overall, a pretty good and inexpensive breakfast spot if your looking for something on the fly and quick.
5	Our group of 7 was impressed by the service. Billy & Sal both treated us as guests in their home. We will be back!!
