5	Waking up to yet another wonderfully gorgeous blue sky and bright warm sun, we got up extra early because we had plans to get into Moorea Beach Club, the adults only "european" beach club at Mandalay Bay. Considered one of the best swim-up bar by Condnast, I was duly impressed when we finally gained entrance. The crowd was at first questionable, but perhaps that's because we got there way early, before the partiers even managed to roll over. By about 11:30, the DJ pumped up the music and the crowd began gathering around the pool. Yes, there were "topless beauties". My hunnie and I kept playing the "are those real?" game. The atmosphere there is definitely WAAAY better than out in the main Mandalay bay beach. Better service and drinks too. oh, and no kids. :P I definitely recommend the Moorea to anyone visiting Vegas. They had these wicked overstuffed four poster beds that you can rent and they have gauzy drapes that can be pulled to give you privacy without taking you away from the scene. Way cool. Spending the full day under the sun was prolly how I got parts previously untouched by the sun burnt to a crisp. (whine) ouchies!
3	Steffy has a great Yelp on this place.  And I can definately see it from her perspective.  The problem is, that it really does depend on the day AND the people.  And finding the right mix is very tough.I have stayed at the Mandalay properties (which by the way - SUCKKKK!!!!) serveral times.  Each time I tried to go to the Moorea area and there was a line for days.  AND, in the line, was 80% dudes.  Now most girls would say - great!  But I am married to a hottie with big , fake chi chi's - and it bites hanging out when my wife is half nekkid in front of the sausage festival.  Completely ruins our time together.On the other hand, we went to a party in the evening here.  And let me tell you - we had a blast!  It was the best party we have ever been to.  Very awesome and no single guys!So, if you catch this place on a good day, you will have a good time.  Hence, the 3 stars.Oh - and why can't the Mandalay hire good looking THIN girls for cocktail serving?  EVERY girl working there was a huge fat ass.
4	entrance to the Moorea Beach Club - $10tropical cocktails throughout the day - $100having no tan lines - PricelessSo, I didn't go topless but that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy the other perks of going to the Moorea Beach Club. Perks include private pool experience where no (b)rats allowed; towel service for when it gets too hot, there's a cabana boy to bring around wet and cool wash clothes; guaranteed cushioned chaise lounges as oppose to searching/fighting for a one near the wave pool.It's exclusive (21 and over; entrance fees: girls $10/guys $50), it's hip (there's a dj, bar and masseuse in the club) and you can talk smack about all the girls who are definitely silicon enhanced. What more can you ask for?
5	Moorea Beach Club is a fun, wild pool party at Mandalay Bay! We were lucky enough to avoid the cover charge. Our bachelorette party of 5 were pulled out of line by a guy whose bachelor party was "lacking in girls", as he said. Nevertheless, as we climbed up the stairs to Moorea, we were taken to a world of implants and insanity, DJs and drinking, shots and shirtless people. This is a great place to spend an afternoon and escape the screaming, splashing children of Mandalay Bay's pool!
3	Moorea Beach Club is nice because you can avoid the crowded pools and masses of children.   However, the wait is extremely long to get in, so you have to wake up early to wait in line before they open.   There is also a $10 charge to get in.  It's fun to go once to check it out, but I wouldn't go back again.  Guys think there will be tons of hot, topless women there...but in reality for every 50 women there, there might be 1 hot one.  And sorry guys, the topless ones are overtanned old ladies with implants.  (Visualize the lady from There's Something About Mary)
4	I have hit it a few times, but this is my first review.We got in line about 10am and waited about 30 minutes.  They were out of lounge chairs as usual, but that was fine.  We were lazy and chose sleep over getting to the pool early.We got towels right next to the edge of the pool, which was great.  The waitress was good with the drinks.  The food sucked, it came out in plastic grocery bags and tasted like airport salads.  It really made me miss my Asian Chicken Salad from the Hard Rock :(.  The atmosphere was great on this day.  The DJ was AMAZING!  Things went on that I won't mention on Yelp, go check it out for yourself.
5	As if Vegas weren't hot enough already... Add in a European-style bathing suit optional (for the femmes only) pool and you've got yourself a pool scene even more scorching than the damn Sun. The line to get into this place is insane... people line up at 8:30 in the morning (do you all not have hangovers??!!) to get prime chair spots for the sexy, sizzling pool scene. They only let as many people in as they have seating, cabanas or beds for... after that it's a revolving door policy. Only as many in as those that come out... so set your alarms if you want to partake in the voyeurism or just let it all hang out, literally. The entrance fee is $50.00 for guys and $10.00 for the ladies. I guess they use this as a control measure to keep the riff raff out, but as we know from the Vegas strip club syndrome guys will pay just about anything to look at some boob. So why bother?? I'll tell you why... The crowd is 10x better at Moorea than the hotel main pools... everyone is of age, no annoying kiddies, quick and friendly pool bar service, amazing DJ pumping great poolside tunes and of course, gorgeous eye candy. From my experience the ogle factor was surprisingly low... although keep your eagle eye out on top of the Beach Casino building next door... the cheapos hang out and drool from up there.
5	I normally avoid laying in the sun all day but I couldn't help it here.  No kids.Great music.Great service.We rented an Opium Bed that came with 2 lounge chairs.  We got there at 10:30ish and had the pick of our bed.  We got water, juices, sodas, and fruit.  Perhaps the best part of having a bed was when we left for lunch we took our stuff and came back and still had a place to sit. As you'll see below in Karen's review (who was with me) we could easily bring our own water bottle filled with alcohol.  The hostess was really helpful and we definitely felt well taken care of.definitely the way to lounge by a pool.
4	Nice pool. Good Music. Nice beds. Really crowded.Not much to say since I didn't really have an AMAZING time, but it was pretty fun. Until everyone got kicked out cause someone yacked in the pool, and you could actually see the pieces of throw up floating around the pool. yuck. note: $50 cover for guys, $10 cover for girls. 21+, bathing suit tops optional (for ladies).
5	This is fun.The end.
5	mmmmmmmm. this is the chillest pool to be at in vegas. i was staying at the luxor (which has the most decent rates for a non-shitty hotel) and my friends and i were tired of the screaming children/overcrowded pool problem. we decided to try our luck and try to get into moorea beach club.usually, you need to be staying there to get in, plus another $10 entry. if you are a guy, you pay $50 to get in, because there are topless ladies walking around and you get a little peep show.my friends and i got in with just our $10 and no mandalay bay room card (yes!!) and prepared to be amazed/relaxed.the pool itself is GORGEOUS, with red shiny tiles and an amazing long rectangular pool. the sound system is amazing...felt like i was in some music video.the guys working there were really nice and attentive (and attractive!)the lounge chairs were super comfy.i wish we rented a cabana but oh well...next time.other than the obese lady walking around topless and thinking she was hot shit (that's how i found out it's a top-tional pool), moorea beach club is amazing and i miss it soooo much.
5	See, if it were socially acceptable for me to walk around half nekked all the time, you bet your britches I would. (Un)fortunately, it's only acceptable in certain small venues. Enter Moorea Beach Club....I heard about this "European style" bathing thing they had going on at Mandalay Bay Beaches... and me being the modest girl with the trashy mouth, I had to get in on it. Thus began my quest to find someone that was staying at Mandalay Bay to get me in sans cover (tee hee hee).My incredible luck led me to a group of girls that had free passes to get me into the beach club for free (thank you to the Gods of Vegas).The whole experience was so awesome. The guy that came around to spray us down also made sure we had adequate towels and water and ice and beverages. We swam in the ultra-cool pool, chilled in the giant hot tub and danced, yes danced. Because really, when it's Vegas and you're living the dream, you should be dancing about it.
5	I feel like I was made for this place, like bring in a tall blonde girl with sexy friends ... ta da... here is a fabulous playground to frolic around in the sun, and drink the day away. This place puts me in a good mood the moment I walk up the stairs, I just smile for a second and think about how good it feels being young and in love with life. Happiness can radiate such amazing confidence. Thumping music, golden reflections off Mandalay Bay. So sweet, man.I've been here with a day bed, opium bed, pavilion aka cabana and with nothing but my credit card in my swimsuit top. All ways are fun! Just get your ass here to party, day parties are what's up. You just have to do it right. Pretty please boys don't over do it with the booze, nothing is more unattractive than the waste case than becomes socially retarded slurring and grunting. Keep things chill rotating every other drink with water. Drink of choice for me is definitely a margarita or champagne only. So I can get buzzy and stay hydrated. it's hot under that strong Las Vegas sun, we're in the desert damn it.Moorea's not a huge place but I like that, I can come and conquer knowing there was nothing I missed. Maybe I'm a little selfish for the spotlight or seeing funny shit happen with drunk people. :)Cute girls: Ask for Tyler, he is the "scout" who has a certain number of free girls he can get in for the day. So get in your girl packs and remember it's a topless pool. Let loose it's summer, maybe you'll catch me in some pasties at the pool ;p
5	Moorea is killer.  Bring lots of money and a good attitude to the pool.  It will be busy, it will be hot, and it will be expensive.  But all of that makes it completely worth it.  The DJ's kick house and hiphop all day, the people are mostly beautiful, and the staff is awesome.
5	We have had the best time every time. The staff is great! Brent, Sarah, Bobby, Stephanie and all the rest made it fantastic!  Cabanas are perfect with the private pool, day beds are amazing, even the lounges are super comfy. We have met amazing people there two from Philly who actually flew out for our wedding reception. If you go with the right attitude you will have a great time. Throw off the top and enjoy yourself. Nobody cares.....See you on September 6-11 (again)
5	As far as Vegas adult pools go, this place is tops. The cover is definitely a good thing as it keeps out the riffraff. People are good looking and I didn't see even one Ed Hardy suit. The pool water is clean and crystal clear. The jacuzzi is almost as big as the pool and kept at about 85 degrees, which was perfect because it was only 75 out. The lounges are comfortable. Our waitress was missing a few brain cells, but that's not what it's about. One strange thing was that if you order food they bring it out in a styrofoam to go container in a bag. Whatever. Definitely come here if you stay at THE Hotel or Mandalay.
5	Ummm, this is a fun, small party with progressive values.
5	Drunken Debauchery occurring all day long in Las Vegas, Why not? How can something so wrong feel so right?? God I love Moorea. I walk right in, skipping the line and I feel right at home. Hello Pool, hello cabana, hello bottle service, hello girls with out their tops on. I like the looks of this. I like the looks of this a lot. Not hard to fall in love with Moorea especially if Rehab is not your scene. Moorea is a smaller version of rehab, minus the dirty brown pool that I wouldn't set a foot in. I actually got in the pool at Moorea and swam around, wait I take that back, walked around, I didn't "swim" technically. Such a great crowd here, everyone is laid back and chill and looking to avoid the whole 5 hour wait, $100 cover, to get into Rehab only to chill with a bunch of meat heads and go go dancers. The best part about Moorea, had to be the Cabana beds. I loved them. Great bottle service. We danced everywhere in there. Took shots from everyone. Didn't have to wait long at the bar or bathroom which is a huge plus. I would definitely go back again! PS. You can take your top of here too ladies!! No shame in that! Don't worry about which of my friends and I did or didn't join in the fun.
5	My partner and I were in vegas with some straight guys for a bachelor party weekend... They went HUGE got wasted and gambled away a lot of cash so they weren't willing to pay the $50 cover... Being the fabulous gay man that I am considered the regular pool area (including the poolside cabanas) to be HELL ON EARTH.  Children running around EVERYWHERE,  screaming parents trying to get them under control, and babies with diapers in the hot tub.. Im beyond sure! Gross! My partner and I gladly paid the $50 each plus slid the host another $50 for getting us a 2 seater poolside. SO WORTH IT! NO SCREAMING  KIDS. NO DIAPERS IN THE HOT TUB, NO TRAGIC PARENTS trying to deal with it all...The Service: Gorgeous waitress that our straight friends would've been stumbling over gave us exceptional, friendly service. The Music: perfect for cocktails poolsideThe Cocktails: Strong just like I like emThe Crowd: Chill, progressive, no haters, 95% had above average looksDid I mention NO KIDS?!We left  Moorea with a perfect buzz, extremely happy with the time spent there and felt like our investment was money well spent....The straight boys? Not so much: They shared crappy  chase loungers surrounded by screaming brats, bad parents (for bringing kids to Vegas Easter weekend) and the painful reality ofbeing overrun by mostly uncivilized Vegas visitors from nowheresville USA.
5	Cover was a little over the top for two.Service a little slow, only two servers on a Thursday and 4 on Friday.98% of the folks there were courteous, however there were a few jackballs taking pics of the ladies.  Staff was very responsive and made the douches erase them off their camera.
3	Oh how I looked forward to visiting this pool! Oh how I wanted to give it a 5 star rating! But I can not...Moorea was having a performance by Ke$ha this past Saturday afternoon, and I had managed to get myself and my husband onto a guestlist, which saved us the $70 cover we would have had to pay to get in. I dislike that Mandalay Bay charges people that stay at their hotel a fee to access part of the pool, considering the $15 resort fee they already charge guests for amenities they may or may not use.  Moorea is an adult only pool that is supposed to allow topless sunbathing... I didn't see anyone doing so though. And that was disappointing, as I was prepared to let my girls out but I was not willing to be the only woman doing so. [Edited to add: I have now seen other reviewers say that Moorea no longer allows topless sunbathing]The pool is rather small in my opinion, and it was probably because of the performance, but it was VERY crowded. There was no place to sit and no place to set your belongings. So make sure if you are going to Moorea for the relaxation many Yelpers have referenced in their reviews, you choose a day when there is nothing special going on. I did have an excellent cocktail, cost was $12. I had to get it myself, I did see multiple waitresses that appeared to be very busy, but no one ever asked me if they could get me anything. Maybe you need to pay for a daybed or cabana to ensure the waitresses check in on you? Maybe they just crammed too many people into the area to properly serve them all?My husband and I decided to go and check out the other part of the pool before the performance started. Will I return? I would love to visit again and hopefully be able to give Moorea a five star rating. I do think the fact that there was a special event (that I personally had no real interest in) may have made me enjoy Moorea less then I would have on a normal day.
5	My friends and I just returned from a guys Vegas trip to celebrate my 40th. We went to Moorea all day on both Saturday and Sunday and had a fabulous time.  On Saturday we rented a daybed and Sunday went for it with a Pavilion.    The vibe was great - just the right mix of tons of energy without over the top crazy, good people, good tunes, and a hard working genuine staff that took care of us all.  Special thanks to Moorea guest services manager Jolene for superior service!  We will be sure to be back next time in town which we've already started to plan :-)
4	We spent last weekend at Moorea, all day.  It was AH-mazing.  A few things:Cover - apparently they charge cover, but on our way out to the pool, a girl stopped us with green wristband and said we could get into Moorea free.  So we walked up, exchanged our green bands for Moorea band and were in cover free.  I'm thinking if you're with a group of (hot!) girls, they'll stop you and give you the bracelets?Topless Pool - previous reviewers said that they could go topless (which we thought too and we were anxiously anticipating) but I guess that is a rule they changed recently because they don't allow it anymore.  Lounge Chairs, Day Beds, Pavilions - All are available to "rent" if you are interested.  If you don't rent one, you can always get pruney and sit in the pool all day and just leave your stuff by the side of the pool.  But honestly, the cost of a lounge chair or day bed isn't terrible.  For a lounge chair (regular pool chair but with cushions) you have a $75.00 minimum food and beverage credit.  So basically you have to spend that much in food or drink the whole day (which is easy with a few buckets of beer, lunch, cocktails, etc).  We had 10 girls and we had an Opium Day bed and the food and beverage credit was $500.  After a full day including lunch, buckets of beer, tropical cocktails, and tip (don't forget the tip!) we each spent about $70 each with no problem.  You may say "$70 that's a lot of money!" but we walked away feeling good, with a nice tan, and not being splashed by kids doing cannonballs into the pool...which brings me to my next point...Adults Only - When we arrived at Mandalay Bay we noticed a TON of kids and families.  When we asked the front desk if the hotel was considered "Kid friendly" he said "Well we do have a wave pool and lazy river, so what do you think?"  And its true, we popped into the regular pool, it looked like a water park.  There were kids everywhere, their ity bity bodies taking up lounge chairs, doing canon balls into the pool, crying, screeching, nearly drowning - which left you with 1) frantic parents trying to coral their kids or worse 2) parents who don't give a &%$*# about their kids and let them run a muck.  Moorea is worth the money just to avoid that whole scene.  Other - the service was decent.  It was busy but our waitress came back a bunch to make sure we were taken care of.  The music was fabulous, the food was decent.
4	Expensive cover charge - around $50.  Like a club, I believe it costs more for guys than girls.  However, we got hooked up with a cabana for free by our friend so entrance & the cabana rental were both FREE - AWESOME!Drinks were ridiculously priced though.  It cost us $18/drink for the small cup size.  But they tasted great!  We had the mojito & the sweet tea.No kids - just blaring loud rockin' music with flat screen tvs inside of the cabana.  Funny thing was, I thought this would be packed with hotties trying to escape the family rat packs in the main wave pool & the lazy river.  No hotties.  Just a bunch of 30 - 40 year olds with money to burn.  Minus one star not 'cos of the pricey parts - it was for the main rectangular stagnant pool.  With so many people in it like sardines & no running/circulating water, the coolness temp just disappeared & it became lukewarm by 1 p.m.We actually escaped to the main wave pool below us to cool down & then took the elevator back up to avoid the screaming kids that were splashing water into our faces.I'll go back only if we get the free cabana hook up again & to lay out.  Otherwise - I might just suffer the screaming horde below & stay cool at the main wave pool.
5	I must first start this review with GSP saw my boobs. And smiled. Then talked to my boyfriend who almost peed his pants to see one of his heros chilling at the pool with us. No crazy fans. No big crowd.... read on! This is one of my favorite Las Vegas must-do highlites. Staying at Mandalay Bay is wonderful....except for the hundreds of screaming kids who're running around the wave pool, terrorizing me and my belongings while their parents get wasted at a bar nearby. Just when I thought the heat was going to kill me unless I found some standing room in the children filled (and therefore pee drenched) main pool, my boyfriend suggested we walk over to this private, cover-charge adult only pool. Ten bucks for me, fifty for him - if he was paying I was ecstatic to try a new scene. As we walk into the pool I instantly saw why he so eagerly suggested it - its a topless pool and bar. Fun? Not quite yet. Despite the saggy boobs or overdone jobs surrounding my face I actually fell in love with Moorea pretty quickly. There were twenty people, tops. All adults. Drinks kept coming and next thing you know - yep I joined the crowd. I was surprised at how professional and comfortable the atmosphere was - due to the high cover there are no creepy guys staring you down and you actually feel way more self conscious covered up. And then yes. Some amazing specimen is swimming next to us and Nolan almost dies with quiet excitement... its GSP! (Georges St. Pierre fyi)Overall this pool is DEF. worth the cover for guys and girls but hopefully not too many people bring cash to the pool cuz I'd be so sad if my favorite get away turned into a crowded mess.
1	My wife and I  first started going to Moorea when they opened 6-7 years ago. Like so many I developed the cult following this pool had. My wife and I would go every month they were open the last Sunday through Wednesday of each month.Billy, Jamell, Tyler and the group were the best. Dee would have the best massage anywhere on the strip pool side. Christina would take care of drinks and each year we would meet new friends and hang out with old friends. After the casino was built it took on a new look.The cabanas built up on top never seemed to work. Everyone wanted to be at the pool for the action.The pool gets a lot of press for being topless. Yes it WAS topless and my wife would love to leave her top at home however that was not the main reason visitors would come. It was the experience created by the pool and staff.In May the weather prevented us from coming to the pool. We geared up for September and made our way to the Mandalay Bay hotel. I had reservations booked for the whole summer. We checked in like always and headed for OUR pool.When we got there we were met by folks we did not recognize. Seems they had ropes lined up for a line that did not exist. We were met by a "promoter" who told us they had taken over the pool and were making it better. I will save my opinion of these guys. They did not charge us to get in telling us we would be hooked once we got it.We went in and there were a few people around the pool. Billy was still there and he let us know there was a new management company running the pool. Then we discovered you had to have a top. My wife had to go to the hotel to buy a top. We then had a drink and watched as our beloved Moorea crashed. We left after two hours with tears in our eyes. We were done. We have since switched to Bare with so many of our Morrea friends however it will never be the same.As this summer comes to a close I only hope Mandalay figures out a way to hire the employees back next summer and returns to the greatness it was.I hear most our gone now. I also hear the pool was a bust this summer. Maybe we have a chance however i am not holding my breath.If management is reading this please take a second look.we miss Moorea Beach Club.
1	I was just about to enter this pool club when someone told me that they recently changed the policy not to allow topless sunbathing.  So, given that you can go to the regular hotel pool for no extra charge, what's the point of paying lots of money for this place?Originally when I heard that Vegas now had topless pool clubs, I thought it would be a novel concept.  I was curious whether it had the cool atmosphere of say South Beach in Miami or maybe even the atmosphere of European beaches.It's too bad this club got scared of breasts and had to revert this pool to yet another of the millions of hotel pools where women have to wear a top in the USA.  How pathetic for a place in Vegas to develop such conformity.I expect that as the customers figure out that this pool club is pointless, this club will have to close down, or maybe stop charging cover.In the meantime, if the rest of the Vegas pool clubs develop breast phobia, maybe some entrepreneur will open the one pool club that offers topless sunbathing and it will be hot.
5	Just to update everyone, Moorea was under new management last year, who decided to get rid of the topless feature of Moorea...BUT this year, 2011, they are bringing back TOPLESS.  And ridding of bad management and their bad decisions.I'm applying to be a server at the pool, and this is what the other servers told me.  So just wanted to relay the message.SO, BACK TO TOPLESS, and all is good in the world again.
1	Well how do I start?....First off The Pool...  a great complex ....BUT.... unless your there after March 7th DON"T expect any pool services....we checked in on Tues.  pool was great not many people weds okay but thur it was closed and we were sent to a different pool......ALL OF THEM ARE CAPABLE OF BEING OPEN..... a photo shoot..... Friday a beautiful day pool was packed....BUT.... not enough seating especially since the pool had many reserved seats enpty and tons of people sitting on concrete with plush seating reserved.......... We waited and got fine padded cots but I watched 2 dozen people come in and leave because NO SEATING.... to top that off  some people sat on the reserved seating anyway NO ROOM.... then security came by and said you must leave or PAY ....these are room guest to Mandalay Bay...... told to leave.... then in a conversation...the security guy told the people to leave or pay $400.00 a day and on Sat, $800.00 a day for a plush seat....?????? they moved but after the conversation the Pool security guy SLAPPED me on the shoulder and SAID you must not be a millionaire to and walked off..... The four seasons pool was empty and the Mandalay pool was jammed packed ........ I AM A WELL PAYING CUSTOMER AND I NOTICED THE STAFF WERE NOT THAT WELL PAYED
4	In Vegas European pool is code for, morbidly obese older women will be the only topless ones.  I wanted to be topless here, really I did.  But there were so many single guys staring already it would have been weird.  I loved the environment of being able to get away from the families and kids and have some alone time with the boyfriend so it wasn't awkward having kids watch our drunk selfs make out at the regular pool.  Expensive drinks, $20 Pina Coladas.  Expensive Cover charge $50 Men $20 women.To go against some of the other reviews, you can be topless here again, but whether you want to or not is the choice.  We walked in and some guy had his escort hit on me as we walked in, that made it tense and weird for  girls around the pool she was offering to rub tanner on.  Freaking Vegas.
4	The general decor, set-up, atmosphere, etc. are rather boring and uninteresting. However, the service warrants an additional star or two.When I initially called to double-check the prices, I was disappointed to hear that local females were not free (which is the case at most other topless pools). However, since the pool was not busy this particular day, they went ahead and added my name to the guest list - which I definitely appreciated (and, frankly, would not have gone otherwise).Getting to the pool itself can be a hike. You kind of have to walk all the way around the main pool complex.When I arrived, the staff were very friendly and very thorough. Quite strict ID check (remove sunglasses, etc.) and bag search (no cameras allowed). After being admitted, one of the staff actually takes you to a particular lounge chair - like being seated at a restaurant.Throughout the two hours or so I was there, almost every staffer came over, introduced themselves, and asked if I needed anything. Very polite and nice. I really appreciated the service.They also have massage therapists that walk around in case you want a massage (just shoulders, back, and feet). If I had been in a position to spend more money, I would have been all about a poolside massage.The patrons - at least on this midweek afternoon - were mostly all single individuals or couples. No large groups of party people. And about 3/4 of the women were topless.Drinks seemed to run about average for a Vegas Strip pool.. $7-$8 for beer and $12-$15 for cocktails.Other than the service, though, there's not much to note about this little pool.
4	Super fun!  Great people watching!  Very nice and attentive staff.  Drinks were good, looked like the food was too!    Like I mentioned AMAZING people watching here.  It's definitely an adult pool, no kids at all.
5	I was there in June during my convention, All I can say its a very nice and cool experience. Super fun!  Great people watching!  Very nice and attentive staff. I saw pretty hot women there. one by the name of Julia was there with her b-day party..Talking about body curves.. Very smart and sexy girl. We had awesome conversation about Star Trek, Stargate and other sci fi shows...
5	Awesome Adults-Only TOPLESS Pool!  They call it TOPTIONAL.  :-)The cover charge varies by the day and time of year... this particular day it was free for ladies who said "toptional" and guys were $25?  We negotiated and got a bed for our group and included the guys' cover.  It's like a restaurant where you get seated and pay extra for beds or a cabana.  We were lucky enough to be invited up to one of the private cabanas and party with some cool people up there.  They had free alcohol and food, so it was a great time!  It was about 50/50 girls/guys and not many of the girls were topless on this particular day.  I can understand why they were nervous because it does seem like everyone stares.  There were about 8 girls I saw topless, most in passing... All were on the smaller side and natural breasts (surprising!).  This is one of those things that really depend on the day you go since it's not a strip club!Complaining about the lack of pictures on Yelp?  I'm shocked there are so many!  That's because there are NO PICTURES at Moorea Beach Club since it is now topless.  Ladies, don't be worried about showing your girls!  The security guards were on top of it anytime someone got out a camera or was trying to take cell phone pictures.  There are signs everywhere too...  It's a really fun pool with adults having fun!Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
3	So we wanted to go to the pool while we stayed at the Mandalay and the only part of the pool that was open was the Moorea during the month of December. It was packed with people in the jacuzzi. Probably because it was the only pool available.  The bar was nice, I got to enjoy some drinks with friends in the pool.  I really wished it wasn't so crowded so that people weren't tripping over each other when they walked into the pool.  After reading this these reviews, I did not realize this was a topless pool. oO! I guess this would probably be a good place to be if you were a dude.  But you do realize that the people that want to be topless are usually the people that shouldn't...right? When I was there, there were children in the pool....so it was a good thing that it wasn't topless. Unfortunately, dudes with Moobs have no shame.
4	Luxury adult pool at Mandalay bay, must be 21 and over to get in. They card very strictly. There are a few adult pools in Vegas, Moorea beach club at Mandalay Bay, Bare pool lounge at Mirage, The Sapphire pool at Rio, The Venus pool at Caesars palace, Liquid adult pool at Aria...., I 'v been to both Mandalay Bay and Rio. I love Mandalay bay the best! It is a big nice pool separated from regular pool side. We had a huge cabana on the top floor of cabana building, we could overlook the entire beach of Mandalay Bay, both regular side and adult side, there is a private pool to ourselves, a private bathroom with shower, mini fridge stocked with refreshments, water, red bull, soda, juice...except alcohol, we had to order from our own waitress, or went to the main bar downstairs. It was interesting that the staffs remembered all the people who had cabanas there, they opened door for us every time we went in, the door was locked all the time, it made us feel more privilege and private. :) The pool is not so big, but it is so nice, there is a main bar on the left side of the pool, and waterfalls, it was packed the entire afternoon. so much fun seeing so many hot topless women, I was a little shy about taking off my top, not to mention I was the only one without huge fake boobs there.... :P We had so much fun at the topless beach at Mandalay Bay, one of my best favorite pool times, minus it was sooo hot. other than that, everything was perfect! our waitress was very friendly and attentive, drinks were strong and food was delicious, all staffs were super nice. I would go back to that topless pool in a heartbeat! Yes this is a place to have some sexy times with your loved ones in Vegas! :)  I don' t know how much it is to get in cause we stayed at THE hotel. The cabana we shared with a few people, it was about $250 plus drinks and food tab. It was not cheap, but it was worth it to have our own private pool & jacuzzi, and the views of the beach at mandalay bay. ps. They only allow cameras at your own cabana and pool. They check bags, and absolutely no outside alcohol is allowed.
5	Went here during Spring Break, I'll let you fill in the blanks.
4	This place was pretty entertaining.  I've never been to an adult pool and I was immediately intrigued.  It is basically a huge party.  We had a blast with the other guests and it is a great place to people watch.  It is a topless pool and all bets are off when it comes to this... we got to see an elderly lady party it up in her sparkly thong and no top.  It was awesome!  The waitresses were super sweet.  Hard to come by in a town where men are favored. My only complaint is with the hosts, welcoming committee or whatever the people in front are called...they were pretty rude.  I wanted to slap them.  Definitely check this place out.
4	This place was fun.  It had a great DJ, very attentitive staff and comfy chairs.  Have to have your ID and pay admission (usually guys) with cash.  The rest of the charges can be on the room/credit card.  This pool does have the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" type of party.
4	Moorea Beach is a topless Beach Club located a bit above the other pools and well-covered so others can't just gaze in.  For females, it's free (at least on the days we went) and for guys, they charged $30 for the days we went.  There's a private area for private parties to the side with their own bungalows with a kitchen/bar area and their own private pool.  For everyone else, there are some reserved beds, some nice lush red seats, a bar area, and a general pool and a jacuzzi right above it.  It's completely chill and everyone is friendly.  The pool seemed a little dirty (we came near the end of the day) but the jacuzzi (which sure...could have been equally as dirty but the nice bubbles/heat made me not notice) was fantastic and looked great.  Bring a beer with you into the jacuzzi, sit on the side, people watch, talk with your friends, meet new people...it's a great atmosphere and is a perfect way to end the day.  And sure...I'm sure someone is asking whether girls are actually topless?  And yes, some are.  And yes, the split between guys/gals were pretty even, even on a weekday.  Cheers!
5	Went to Moorea on a Saturday.  There was a line to get in at 1130am.  I had a reservation for a daybed, so I went to the front and asked about my reservation and they let me right in.  There were no signs about this, but if you don't check in by 12 they give it away, so I wasn't chancing a line. My host was pretty awesome.  She kept my bucket of soda and water full and cold, and she was quick with any other requests.  The venue itself isn't large, but that is a good thing.  The crowd was mixed and but had a good ratio of men/women.  Thankfully, not a lot of annoying college kids.  Topless sunbathing is allowed and I would say 1/4 of the women were topless on and off throughout the day.   The waitress was a little hard to find at times, but the place was packed.  My host was good about sending her over. Overall, this is one of the most fun pool clubs I have been to.  Very laid back, good time.  Service was good, prices were Vegas-esque, and everyone was having a good time.   The only word of caution is when choosing your daybed or chair.  The speakers can get very loud when you are near them... just look for them when choosing a spot.  Cannot wait to go back....
5	Really great pool. Perfect to get away from the noisey kids. It is so pleasent to be able to get a beer or a cocktail and wade through the water on a hot day. The drinks are expensive so I suggest you fill up on something first before going in. The food is moderatly priced so its good. This pool is indeed topless, so do expect to see some ladies baring it all. Though I do believe the club employs women to stay at the club topless. I went there 3 times in a week and saw the same group of women there, They were always topless while a quater of the other ladies were not. Just my thoughts. The place gets crowded so come early and secure a place to sit. The crowd is 3/5 guys and 2/5 ladies. Thats better then I expected. When men hear topless, I would assume they flock to those locations like flies to honey. Word from the wise. Don't ever let that water touch your face. You do not want that water getting in your mouth or any other facial oriface. There is a restroom at the club but its rarely used. So you know that pool has loads of urine in it. The water is great to sit in, just don't dunk your head.
5	LIZ hooks it up!!! Not crowded like some of the other beach/day clubs can be, but still a good amount of people. Prices for food/drinks aren't terrible--you're in Vegas, but hey--you expect that.
4	I came here with my lady friend, and the pool was no disappointment. Beats were playing, drinks were flowing. Keep in mind things add up at this place. You pay a premium for pretty much everything. One example is $100 to make use of an umbrella shade. Not the youngest crowd of the pool clubs but everyone was loose by the afternoon on the weekend I was there. When staying at Mandalay / Four Seasons, I would probably go back.
4	In "Misunderstood" Common says "...at first strippin seemed so empowerin...most every girl wanna do it now & then but bein meat every day is devourin... " Yep. Being topless at Moorea Beach Club is kind of like that. I mean you take off your top because its toptional. You become the duchess of Moorea Beach Club. You sit there sunning and sipping. And then you think hey! For guys, toptional is the norm. They're just getting a free booby show. To me, if you've seen two, you've seen 'em all. But guys, if you want to see 'em all, this is your spot. They're all here. Big, small, tan, not-so-tanned, perky, droopy, and (*cough*) aftermarket. I'm a fan of Moorea Beach Club because I was the reigning Duchess while I was visiting Vegas. There is nothing like this near DC that I know of and the service was impeccable. In retrospect, I don't know if I would do it again or what. Maybe as Otis Redding says "...the thrill is gone..."
5	This place is freakin' awesome!!  I have been to Vegas eight times and this last time was my first time at Moorea, and it was the best time I ever had in Vega$!!
3	My group of 3 girls were staying at thehotel at Mandalay Bay and we decided to check this place out after getting bored with the wave pool. You think a weekend in September wouldn't be swarming with screaming kids but apparently not. We didn't have to pay cover and just plopped down on a cabana and no one said anything.  We spent a few hours there and had a blast. I don't know if its worth coming from another hotel or paying $$ for but it was perfect for us.
5	This is a great adult pool.  Men are expensive (50 bucks on Saturday) to get in.  Food prices are good. Many of the topless women are their 40's and look great.
1	Came here over EDC weekend.Wanted to go to Daylight, but not everyone in our party had tickets, so had to come here.This place is gross!It feels like it's for people that can't afford to stay at Mandalay Bay and go to the hotel pool or plan well enough ahead to get into Daylight.Everyone there just exuded poor life decisions. Guys with tattoos on their faces. Gross topless chicks with and without fake tits.
4	Welcome Ron Jeremy!! How's it hangin' bro? Happy 4th! Lots of fun today. Servers are great. The crowd was fun and festive. Security put the clamps on knuckleheads quickly. Ladies looked lovely and the bros were acting appropriately. Cheers!
5	It's been a while since I have been to vegas and I thought it would be nice to hit up the pool. Little that I knew we wouldn't be going to our pool at the Vdara hotel but a pool party at Mandalay Bay. I thought okay this should be interesting because apparently a dj will be spinning top 40 and EDM. Once we got to the pool area there is two pool entrances, one for the beach  and one for Mooera that is situated near the back. Walking past the beach I noticed a sign that read "toptitional" which I didn't read into it too much. Once entering the pool you are greeted by a pretty girl and since we were on the guestlist, we just had to show our id's. As we strolled our way to the party, you will immediately notice an upscale atmosphere and a relaxed environment, oh and some of the women are topless too.Drinks are not that strong but of course it's expensive like everything else in Vegas. I would not take a picture of the venue because you will be asked to put it away unless you are sneaky. Staff members are pretty much straight forward with you if you do something weird and if you are a woman trying to order drinks topless at the bar, you will be asked to put your top on, because everywhere else is fine except the bar area.Last but not least the pool itself was great but we ended up staying in the jacuzzi the whole day and ended up dancing with a topless girl. All in all a great time out and hopefully we can come back to this place!
5	This is absolutely my favorite party pool on the strip. Its a good time without all the pretense of places like Rehab or Wet. I've gone in mixed guy/girl groups and we have received excellent service and we were all made to feel completely comfortable. Girls in our group who normally would never go topless, did at Moorea. If you want to go to a party pool and you're looking to avoid the spring-break type of atmosphere typical of many of Las Vegas party pools, Moorea is the place for you. Great service great fun and a great way to spend your afternoon.
5	This Toptional beach at Mandalay Bay was awesome! I went with a group of friends and for many countless hours, we hung out on the regular pool side (with the wave pool and all). It was ok but it was super crowded, there were little people every where (Kids) and as we were nearing the end of our pool and tanning adventure, we came upon the Moorea Beach Club. I had never been there so I didn't know it was a topless style pool for adults only. My girlfriends and I decided to go check it out. The music was waaaaay better here! The comfortable looking tanning chairs with the red cushions that had to be reserved on the normal poolside, were the norm in Moorea. There were these couches that sort of looked like beds with mini pillows and again, with that extremely comfortable red cushion. It was not crowded in here at all! We loved it! We only stayed for 20 minutes as our husbands had to pay if they wanted in, $20 per person and $10 for military. Ladies are free. If we had found this place at the beginning of our pool/tan adventure, we definitely would have opted to pay for our hubbies and hang out here. And no, going topless is not mandatory, it's toptional!
5	Pool staffer Allison is so nice and always greets you with a smile .  I love this place.   Bar staff is way cool too.  Mike the bar back and Joe are slinging the drinks with a great vibe.The hot tub is huge with a great view of the west.  It's a great place to have a drink with friends or meet new ones.
4	I had a good time at this pool i like how you can go to the lazy river and the wave pool on the other side of moorea. Some of the chairs at this particular pool are first come first serve. There are very few of them. I liked the mixed drinks and the ladies free entry. Also the hosts were very nice. I would come back again.
5	My wife and I always have lots of fun here. The servers and cabana hosts are awesome. The music is great and varies depending on the DJ. We like to reserve our chairs...we think it is well worth the price. We are already looking forward to our next trip!
5	Lot's of different kinds of people, NO KIDS (this is a fantastic thing for people who get irritated by the zoo at the normal Mandalay Bay pool) and you get poolside service with drinks. I enjoyed my stay at Mandalay Bay but the Moorea Beach Club topped it off.  Yes, it's expensive... it's like a private club that people line up early to get into and they definitely want to make their money during the day by charging cover for men and then for upgraded beds, cabanas, soda and other various drinks.  NO KIDS.  That's my favorite part of this place.  Oh and that it's "toptional".  Yes, if you enjoy sunbathing topless, this is also your place.  Don't worry, it's not awkward, everyone's doing it ;)
5	I showed up on a Monday which is typically slower he staff said. So naturally I expected the hosts to not care , however that is not what happened. All the employees were very attentive and took time to seat me and check on me throughout the day . I will definitely be back
4	After a particularly rough Friday night in Vegas, the next day I wanted to do nothing but lay out and I didn't feel like wearing a top so I called Moorea to see what the deal with this place was.No, you don't have to be a guest at the hotel to go. Ladies are always free, men have to pay a cover (I believe she said $40-$70 but don't quote me on that). And yes, tops are optional. Cool. Let's go.We get there and it was packed. We didn't get there till around 1 pm so get there early to claim a spot. The crowd was a  nice mix of every age (over 21, that is) and ethnicity with like a ratio of 60/40 men/women. Now, like I said, I was all about not having to wear a top and I was with a group of 5 other chicks and only one of them was with me on the topless thing. Did my other friends look out of place just because they didn't want to take their tops off? NOPE. Less than half the women at the pool that day were letting their girls go free. I think that was my favorite part: the fact that even my more modest friends felt comfortable there. Although, there was a nasty pervo who was clearly trying to take a picture, one of the staff was on it and told him to knock it off. I saw someone else being "stealthy" and "checking their phone" but was actually taking pics so I honestly think Moorea management should SERIOUSLY consider a no cell phone policy.  Besides the novelty of the "toptional" aspect of the place, Moorea itself is nothing extraordinary. It's much smaller than I thought it was going to be and the pool gets a "C" if I'm grading. Of course, drinks prices are up there. Oh, and FYI, men can go up to the bar itself without a shirt on but you need to cover your nips if you're a female you want to buy a drink at the bar. Something about "health code" or some such thing. Whatevs.
3	We have been to a few European style pools in Vegas, as well as many other pools. Moorea was nice enough, but not nice enough (if you get what I mean). It's like they couldn't decide if they were a party pool or a lounge type pool. I felt the space was too small for the number of people and there were too many creepy guys waiting for the girls to take their tops off. We go to Bare at the Mirage a lot, and I never feel weird going topless there. And it was hard to get service at Moorea when we went.
5	Best topless pool in Las Vegas! If you're feeling iffy about going topless don't be there's plenty of women doing it so you feel more comfortable!...The venue is very well kept and the staff is super friendly and attentive!!!!The best thing is...LADIES ARE ALWAYS FREE!!!!!!
5	By far one of the funnest pools to go to. Very interesting crowd lots of variety. From young to the elderly everyone just wants to have fun and Moorea is the pool for it. Did i mention its topless if youre just there to chill you get a good amount of eye candy. Im no lady, but my lady friends are ALWAYS FREE!
4	I love the intimacy of Moorea, it's small but not too crowded like some of the other pools can get! My girlfriends and I got in for free, which was nice. We just stayed in or by the pool all day and the music was nice, not blaring like in other places. The staff are also super friendly and helpful. I'd definitely come here again!
1	The people here were gross. I have nothing against an older crowd. In fact, I can appreciate an older crowd but this was an awkward crowd and it was far from a party.
5	We went here on Memorial Day weekend, so we knew it would be expensive, but we didn't care.  Paid $225 for a daybed + umbrella, and about $150 for drinks on top of that.  Had a great time!  Staff was friendly, people were friendly.  At first my wife was the only topless female in the place, but as the day went on and more people came in there were many more.  Great service -- worth the price for a topless pool in Vegas.  Good points:  -No kids!-Not as crowded as the main pool in Mandalay Bay.-Great food and drinks.-Good service.-Good location.Bad points:-No shade.  We had an umbrella - but it was positioned on the east side of our bed.  When the pool opened at 11am we had some shade, but as the day went on we lost all of our shade.-Expensive.  But, for Vegas, it seems comparable..We ended up meeting another couple in the pool there and that subsequently led to a great night -- but that's another story.  Anyway, we highly recommend the Moorea Beach Club!
5	Hattie gives the best service. She is fast friendly and keeps you entertained.
1	I have been swimming my entire life.  But for the first time I got a severe rash after I went into this pool.  It starts on my legs and my arms and is up and down my arms and legs.  It consists of small bumps.  It is so itchy that it usually becomes a more or less continuous rash within days, worst on my upper legs.I went back to the pool the day after and talked with a staff but she told me perhaps it is because of high chlorine and I can check the water first for the chlorine level and it is my choice to use the pool!! But without a measurement device how I can tell it is safe for me or not!If you are looking for a toptional pool it is great but I do not like to have a swimming pool rash again and definitely I will go back to Venus in Cesar Palace like before.
3	My wife and I had a day bed there last weekend and had a great time. The music was good throughout the day. The crowd was a mix of ages and mostly friendly.Our server Kristen was awesome; great personality and there was never a wait for a drink. It was nice to be able to walk upstairs and gamble in my suit while the wife laid out more. It was nice that you did not have to be a guest at the hotel to go there.My only issues were:The day bed was pricey ($575) for not including a food/bev minimum. For that price it should include spend as most other day clubs in Vegas do that. As we were packing up, they had to evacuate the pool for one reason or another.It was smaller than I expected overall (small pool gets crowded)No lockers and the day beds did not have safes or storage drawers under themLimited number of cabanas
5	ok... no need to ask.   I didn't.    however, since I was there I had a blast checkin out all the hot bods.   I'll attach a pic!.     I might go back tomorrow.
5	What a great time we had!!!  My boyfriend & I were there for 4 days and went almost every day...  The service was amazing and Liz was an exceptional host.  I def recommend this topless pool to everyone who comes kid less.  The girls were beautiful and the guys weren't bad either... MUST GO SPOT at Mandalay Bay!!!
4	How do you write a review about a place you would never go to in a million years?  Yet here I am doing a review.  I was with my employer and his wife.  Mrs. K. and I don't exactly live this lifestyle but for 3 days we did.  The cabana we had was the only air conditioned cabana on the property.  So I don't know how much per day this thing cost but ones without air were $800 per day.  Since we were on the 3 level we were in what is considered the "adult" section.  So if you wanted to go without a top no problem.  No one in my group went without a top but there was a group below us that did.I don't know the porn stars name but she was celebrating her 29 birthday.  So nice of her father and mother to hire two female strippers to entertain her and the rest of the party.Pricing lets be honest here I would never pay what was being paid for drinks.  $200 a bottle for cheap rum or vodka, $40 a bucket for 5 beers of Bud light.  $40!!!!!  The servers waited on us like we were kings and queens.  And they were so nice and really did a super job. Kudo's to Mandalay Bay for putting the right people in place.
5	I had a ton of fun here! First topless pool I've ever been to so I wasn't sure what to expect but there were a pretty even number of topless and bikini wearing ladies :)So don't feel nervous or out of place! The music is awesome and I was dancing having a blast in the pool! Drinks were fun too.Best time I've ever had at a hotel pool!Didn't pay anything to get in and neither did my friend (male) so not too sure about prices to get in or when they even start charging! Overall, fun in the sun!
4	My favorite topless pool in Vegas hands down.  Only downside is the cabana or daybed rentals don't come with a food and beverage minimum.  Guys are $50, ladies are free.  If you need more info or help booking this place let me know.Age rage and clientele vary. usually mid to late 20's and up.
5	I am one of the lucky ones who always enjoys the good life while I'm here. I am often lucky enough to be comp'ed a cabana or day bed.  I tend to bring large groups of friends when I am here, keep in mind.  We usually order pitcher after pitcher after pitcher of drinks. We take in the sun and have a blast. We hop from the hot tub to the pool and back and forth and back and forth all day long. The guys working here are fantastic, and I'm not talking about the bar tenders.  As far as the bar tenders go, there are only 2 that I liked and they are both gone.  The reason that I loved those 2 was not because they gave me anything or promised me things. The reason that I loved those 2 guys was because they knew what they were doing back there. They had their own special concoctions that nobody else has been able to replicate. They really commanded the bar and it didn't take them an hour to make something off the top of their head that they knew you'd enjoy.  Andrew and Ricky were the main guys! Not once did I ever have to question or 2nd guess their amazing concoctions.  I always knew that whatever they made for me was going to be amazing.  The folks behind the bar now are very slow and can only follow recipes. So, don't ask for anything too complicated. You might not get your drink frozen, but rather a melty mess.  Sheldon is the head honcho here!  He always knows what events are going on, hot spots to check out and just really knows the scoop on what's going down on the strip for the day and the evening.  Everyone who works that first office space closet sized cubby hole at the entrance of Moorea is so sweeet. They always take care of my friends and me. I can't ask for anything more. Ladies are always free, whenever I have gone. The fee for guys seems to vary, as most venues.  I have been here when it was mostly ladies and that was a blast, especially for the awkwardly gawking guys.  I have also been here when it was mostly disappointed dudes, because there were hardly any ladies. It's a fun spot to chill and photography is NOT permitted. Believe me, I will NOT hesitate to ask you to put your phone away or to point it elsewhere. There is a rule about cell phones. I just hope that everyone knows to follow it.  Taking selfies is one thing but I hope you at least have the common courtesy to not include anyone else in the background who may not want to be seen. The waitresses are super sweet and can pretty much get you anything that you need. As far as food goes, a favorite of any group that I've gone with has always been the chicken tenders platter. For a group, it's just enough and it's low on cost. Split it up and slather on some more sun screen. It'll be a good day at Moorea, no matter the weather.
5	My husband and I had a GREAT time here. We are in our late 20's/early 30's. We arrived at 11:30 (30 mins after opening) and were fortunate enough to get one of the few free lounge chairs. Cover was free for ladies and $50 for my husband. There are probably only about 10-15 free lounge chairs; if you don't have a reserved lounge chair or daybed, you'll just have to put your stuff next to the pool, which isn't a big deal.Service was great. They had a DJ. Ladies started taking their tops off about an hour after we arrived. There were women of all shapes, sizes, and ages. About half removed their tops. The ages at Moorea were mid-20's-50's. It was a really chill vibe, very relaxing, very liberating. ;) Moorea is perfect for adults who want to relax and enjoy some DJ music, but aren't comfortable in the "Daylight" craziness of a day club. Of all my pool experiences in Vegas, this was the best. We will definitely be back.
5	This place is great. I definitely like it more than BARE at the mirage. The staff was friendly and attentive. Drinks are a tad bit expensive though. Ladies are free. Next time I'm in Vegas this is where you'll find me!
4	This place is very chic, the service is amazing and the ambience is super cool.
4	Moorea is a great & relaxing pool, mainly for those late-20s and older.  I went with four other friends (early-20s) and we were able to get four lounge chairs and a daybed for free! (It was a Sunday in October too soooo...) Drinks are expensive but strong & the staff is very friendly!  I would definitely go back if I wanted to relax at a pool.
1	The pool is freezing!  Definitely  not the 84 degrees  as advertised.  So cold my little  girl doesn't  want to swim, and she usually  won't  get out of the water.  Where we sat smells like cat pee. Ufff. What a disappointment.
