4	I had an opportunity to check out this new place last night for a soft opening.  I believe they officially open this weekend.  Good food, good vibe, and a very friendly staff.  As far as food, the highlight of the meal was the BBQ Chicken Lettuce Wraps...awesome, a must try.  We also tried the ribs, the salmon and few sides (great mac n' cheese).  All were very good and had a great presentation.  I will definitely be back to try more when they are officially open.They are set up for live music but didn't have a band playing on this night, however they have a great sound system with a DJ that made for a fun atmosphere.  Above the dining area is a grated catwalk which has a staff of dancers who periodically do a routine right above you.  It's a perfect set up for a place right on the strip.  A useful side note...there currently isn't an entrance from the Monte Carlo Casino.  To get to it, just walk out to the strip, the only access is from Las Vegas Blvd.
4	I love the atmosphere here, easy and high energetic. Very good for groups the relax after work and hang out!
2	Came here for dinner with a rather large group of 12 but the waiters kept forgetting things we ordered such as not bringing my friend's beer that we eventually had to cancel and not bringing half of our group's dinner. Overall the ambiance is fun an the food is good. I highly suggest you get the catfish sandwich
3	On the fence with a mixed bag of deliberation.Let me first commend the hostesses. Great opener to the first-time visitor. Extremely friendly, courteous, and genuinely enthusiastic.We ordered the loaded BBQ nachos, crispy (deep fried") meatloaf, cheddar cheese grits, fried catfish sandwich, crackling pork shank, and BBQ brisket.The best part of the meal was the appetizers. That meatloaf and nacho boulder were a phenom start.... (that meatloaf should be on every deathrow prisoner's bucket list)......... then it went sideways and slightly downhill like a 2-bit skateboard park. The catfish was too salty, brisket too dry, and cheese grits too...... out-of-a-cardboard-box tasting. The one saving grace was the pork shank because....... how the heck can anyone screw up pork at a BBQ place?The live band was very ordinary (seriously, how do you mess up "My Sharona"?), but the highlight throughout the night were the double barrel dancers that kicked their heels throughout the night up in the rafters, as well as waddling and 2-stepping throughout the restaurant...... a very welcomed distraction.Because this is an SBE restaurant, on top of the fact that a Vegas bar is expected to be high at these menu prices (yeah they're not cheap folks), my expectations are high, and therefore rating standards are tough on this one. Cocktails were decent, but ridonkulously high-priced for the small quantity, and Bar service was slow. They also need to work on sound engineering and accoustic construction (waaaaay too much audible turbulence for a restaurant), and the air is far too thick. I think it has something to do with fog machines, but whatever it is, airflow is very stale and we eventually left because of headaches.That said, I won't take away from the general fun atmosphere of the place. The dancers really brought a great dynamic to the place, and there was no shortage of gawking diners. It was sort of reminiscent of the days when the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders could send any place into a high-octane frenzy when they toured the country and were a one-of-a-kind breed back in the day.From a epicurean standpoint, skip this place if you're expecting anything more than a basic BBQ roadhouse joint. But if you're in the mood for group fun, you'll probably like it. Will I come back? For partying? Yes. For food? Meh..... we'll see....
2	I was here on opening night, and despite it being busy, service was friendly and took a reasonable amount of time. Ambiance was lively & fun. Not too impressed with the food. Ribs were OK- pretty tough and very lightly sauce covered. Biscuits and gravy were gross- I couldn't even pinpoint what the watery gravy was seasoned with besides salt. Biscuits themselves were also tasteless. Despite it being busy, there was a lot of standing around I observed from the wait staff, but being new, that is to be expected until they get into stride.
4	Good food excellent location three bars and plenty of scenery!  Great new spot on the strip. The staff is really trying hard to make it cool!  Outdoor seating right on the strip so you can watch all the freaks walk by!!
5	This place is AWESOME!!! Had an amazing meal - buffalo chicken sliders are UNREAL and the nachos are perfect!! We also had some fried pickles that were not on the menu - but were awesome!! Love this place! Will def be going back!!
1	We did not enjoy this place at all.....over priced,not even happy hour specials and the worst service ever. He sat and chatted with customers and ignored us. Just a bad atmosphere. Never again.
3	My wife and I tried this out this weekend. The pulled pork sandwich was really good but the grilled cheese was pretty much flavorless. It needed something more to give it that final kick. The sweet potato fries were also soggy instead of crisp. This place is new and seems like they still have a few bugs to work out. The service was ok but it took forever for us to get our drinks and for our initial visit from our waitress.
2	We stopped here as we heard the drinks were huge and delicious, and we were hungry. The Double Barrel Iced Tea (or whatever its called), doubled up was $24 and while it was large and delicious, no way we were each getting one for that price, so we shared. Waitress was inattentive, left while I was asking her a question and when she came back just said "So are we ready yet?"Being vegetarian, I opted to try the wood-fire grilled portobello mushroom at something like $13, he got the porkchop which was something like $16. Now I understand Vegas, especially the strip was pricey, but my meal was tiny, and on top of that the mushroom came out cold. When I told my waitress, she asked if she could warm it up for me. Sure. No apology though. When the manager came by to check on things, my boyfriend was done eating and I was still waiting on my tiny mushroom. I told her it was being rewarmed as it came out cold and she goes, "Oh, weird! We'll now it will come out better than ever. Sorry about that." At least I got an apology. I know the waitress isn't too responsible for it being cold, but to not offer a "sorry" about it upset me. Boyfriend said the porkchop was very eh. She then avoided our table until we were done with EVERYTHING, drinks down to ice, not a scrap left on the table, so when she came with the check she seemed surprised we wanted dessert. I was still starving! Ordered the deep fried s'moores, which she replied were her favorite. Another BUNK order. Tiny, and gross. Was not good at all, the batter they used was not sweet at all so it tasted like breaded chocolate.We still tipped well and left, heard the place was new so cut it some slack. I even tipped the host as she was the friendliest of the three girls we interacted with.I got much better food, portions, service, etc. EVERYWHERE else on the strip I went. The only good part was the overpriced drink. I hope they improve as they are open longer, but we will not be back on our next trip.
2	I think this restaurant is very cute. I would go to have a drink and maybe an appetizer. We had dinner and weren't very satisfied. The server was very nice. I had the roadhouse nachos. I didn't seem to be able to find anything appetizing on the menu so I chose Nachos. They came on a cookie sheet. On top was cheese, pulled pork in sauce that was to sweet. It said it had baked beans on them as well. I had him put them on the side. They were cold and to sweet. The sour cream had wasabi in it. I truly did not like them. My friend had the mini pulled pork sliders. He said they were good but agreed everything was to sweet. This is a cute place and good for drinks and appetizers only.
1	Worst bar on the strip.  We came to watch the games for March Madness. They have 7 TVs in the bar area all on the same game, and the manager said it was impossible to change even one of the TVs because they were all on a schedule.  Are you kidding me? Don't come here. Bad service, incompetent management, and somehow they ran out of beer by noon.
2	Never write reviews but have to say for this one, since when did bartenders start acting like they're above people and aren't they supposed to be social?I came here for dinner with my friends and the food was good. Hostess was welcoming. Table server was friendly. Recommend the appetizer tower and the HUGE Double Barrel Burger.  However, after dinner we decided to stop by the bar and there was a girl and guy bartender. The girl was nice, blond, smiled at everyone. Unfortunately, we sat on the blond guy's section, he only waited on girls that came by and joked around with his bartender coworker. When we asked for a drink it seemed like it was a drag for him to take our order. Who's hired at this place? If you think your muscles are above everyone, go work at a Gold's Gym buddy, you're nothing special. Not coming here again.So I rated two stars because of the outstanding negative service.
5	This new open air bar is awesome!  It was the perfect place to gather with friends  and watch the basketball games during March Madness over the past weekend.  The service was friendly and quick, and their Bloody Mary is THE BEST in Vegas!  They have a smokey taste that is really unique and just delicious!There are tons of appetizers to share with a big group - be sure to try the sweet potato fries and the appetizer tower.  Getting a few plates to share is the best way to go.The bar faces the strip so you can see what's going on, and it's so nice to have a fun place to hang out that is not inside a casino.  Definitely venture out of the norm and try this place out!  Cheers!  :)
5	I go to Vegas every year for March Madness, and I thought this place was AWESOME.  I refuse to sit in a smoke filled sports bar packed in there like sardines.  We stumbled on to this place on Saturday to watch the third day of games.  Our wait was less than 5 minutes, which to me is fabulous.  We drank 32oz beers (Shock Top) for $14 and ate multiple appetizers for $6.  I should give this place a bad review to scare everyone away that way I can get the same experience next year when I arrive.  With that being said, this place is 10x greater than the location just to the south.... I won't mention the name  but the name is spanish for the DEVIL.
2	I recently had dinner here on a slow night and experienced how different the service is compared to a busy night. The cocktails looked and tasted good, however, I did not like how the bartenders at the bar I was sitting favored some guests more than others. I ordered from what looked like high school jock (blond muscles) and his buddy with odd facial hair. Not only did it take TOO long for them to start my drink because their jokes seemed more important, but I also saw them pour a mason jar full of vodka for their friends across the bar. Being a local, I was shocked to see that happening out in the open at a NEW restaurant on the strip. No managers on a slow night??? The food was good itself, but then again, I was never checked on after. Maybe I will sit at a table where the servers seem friendlier if I ever decide to go back.For future visitors, food and fruity drinks I would recommend, but for the service, you've been warned.
3	We went here for an event for my husbands work. The food was great, and the drinks were really good. I had a Double Barrel Iced Tea. The food was served by the bite. We had the seasoned fries, pulled pork sliders, mac and cheese, crispy chicken sliders. All tasted great. The service was a bit slow, but that's probably because there were several people at this event.
1	Traditionally, food was not that important in the bar business....so it was generally unhealthy, uninspired, and inedible (unless drunk).In the past decade or so, some shrewd restaurateurs figured out that bar-food didn't always have to be crapThis created the concept of the Gastro-Pub, which is essentially artisanal beer and liquor combined with high-end cuisine.Well, the guys at Double Barrel didn't get that memo...because the food here is dreadful.I had the BBQ ribs and my friend had the chicken-fried steak. Both came out 5 minutes after we ordered them, which means they were prepared well-in-advance and were waiting patiently under heat-lamps to be called upon. Nice.On top of that, the place is located right on the strip at the front of the Monte Carlo casino, which requires a 10 minute walk from the parking lot through the casino, to the hostess stand.If you just want beer and big-screen sports, and you like to describe things as "awesome", then this place is for you.But if you're looking for good food worth paying for, then you can skip this place.
3	Food was great but server got order wrong maybe because music is to loud. They play a good mix of music that we like. Over all we would come back here.
1	Really bad service.. We were waiting for the waitress more than 20 minutes and then we left..
2	I would give this more stars if they didn't tax the hell out of everything. The Nachos were different (had a bbq sauce on it) BUT VERY YUMMY and huge. We had a few  beers and this place is huge. We came in late night so sat up close to the stage on the top floor.. band was good and entertaining. We really liked the place until we got our $50 something bill and noticed $23 tax added to it.. There was a service tax, entertainment tax, food tax.. totaling about $23on $50 something bill.. WTH is all that?  If they get rid  of all that extra hidden charges we will be back.. otherwise Never again.. plenty of other fun places to go too. Needless to say we were shocked.. There were only 2 of us too for about 1 1/2 hours..
5	Went in here to have some drinks and we ask then is if they can change the TV to see Mexico vs USA and they were very accommodating.  Our bartender Double D mixed us up some great drinks.  All I had to do was ask him to make me a drink with a certain ingredient and he did! Dude made me drink with balsamic vinegar and that drink was bomb! Overall the prices are a little pricey but who cares your in Vegas right? All in all great customer service by the bartenders and of course great drinks.
4	Great southern food.  We all were very happy with our orders...we had Chicken Fried Steak, Brisket, Pulled Pork Sandwiches, Ribs and Fried Chicken.  The sides were great as well.  They opened recently so there are kinks to work out.  We waited quite a while for our waiter to take our order.  Otherwise we were pleased with our service and it was some of the best food we had on our trip.  I'd definitely recommend it.  Its also great that the restaurant is open to the strip and has a patio area...seems like its more accessible to the strip.
5	WoW!!!  This place is off the hook!   Love, love, LOVED it!  We met up with a group of friends and had the most AMAZING dinner here last night.  We were all SO impressed that they have only been open for 4 weeks and didn't miss a beat.  The service was exceptional, the food was soooo delicious, the portions were perfect, the ambiance was just what we needed to start a fun night in Vegas
3	My wife and I tried this today. She had a burger and I had the chicken breast sandwich. Both were just ok, nothing special. We have had better sandwiches at the celebrity burger places on the strip that were less expensive. With so many places to eat in Las Vegas, this will be the one and only stop here.
5	We had a great  experience. My husband had a grilled cheese. We shared the wings which are outstanding. They smoke them for two days! Service was great. I will be back to try the baked s'mores.
3	Ok so I'm a fan of trying new restaurants.  Went with a 3 other people who did not rave about their dishes.  I didn't mind the food overall, and I sampled most dishes.  I had the fried chicken, however not a big fan of the breading.  I also had the appetizer like pork rolls forgot what they were called but those were bomb.  My friend had a burger and fries they thought was descent, another had the chicken fried steak which was alright not a big fan of gravy though, and my other friend had grilled chicken which was cool.  I would go back to try more stuff.  The customer service was amazing. I came maybe there 2nd week of opening and I have a SBE rewards card, they were not set up to give the discount yet however the manager Matt I think his name was took care of it and was really cool.
5	Excellent food and service.   Busy Friday night, and waters were regularly filled and our server was alway near by.  The BBQ spring rolls, grilled cheese and fried chicken sliders were amazing.  The fried s'more was simply over the top.  A must order!
5	Love the open bar right on the strip. If you order beer get the large. It's more like ordering a pitcher then an actually beer stein. Staff was very friendly. Tvs all round to watch the game. Waitress in shorty shorts. Great prices on drinks, food was reasonable as well. Seems more like a local joint then an over done tourist attraction.
2	Are you hungover? Looking for something to fill your booze-soaked gut? Need a hearty meal to get you back at 100%?Then look elsewhere.After an entire day of liver-wrecking, my buddy & I woke late in the day and thought we needed something more substantial than the usual eggs-and-toast breakfast. Since this place is all shiny and new it acted like a beacon, calling out to us to stop in for a bite. The open air seating was attractive since neither of us felt like being too confined. We needed a constant flow of fresh oxygen, even if it was from Vegas' smoky streets. I ordered up a Bloody Mary to get things going. The waitress warned me it was spicy, which I didn't consider a problem. What WAS a problem was that it just plain sucked. There wasn't much spice to it, just the overwhelming flavor of BBQ sauce, which someone at some point in time thought was an acceptable ingredient in this drink. I'm not one to leave a wounded soldier to die on my table, but I just could not get this drink down my gullet. And I really tried. Both my friend & I ordered the brisket plate. They don't have any lunch specials here, so you're basically forced to order up an entire 1/2 lb. of brisket at once. I opted for the sweet potato fries as a side since everything else looked extremely heavy. When they served it up, we immediately felt a wave of regret wash over us. My friend took one look, had a tiny bite of meat, and then decided he was probably going to puke if he kept at it. I covered his plate with a white sheet (napkin) and laid it to rest. As for my meal, I didn't fare much better. The brisket itself was plentiful... and plenty lukewarm. There were, what, 5 or 6 other tables occupied here. How exactly did my food come out barely hot? The plate also included things like a parsley bunch and a grilled lemon. Function over form, chefs! WTF am I going to do with a grilled lemon? It's a plate of brisket. I asked the waitress and she said it was for presentation. A better idea? Don't waste lemons on a "presentation" that serves no purpose. Even better idea? Don't waste time - and a considerable amount of money - eating here.
2	HOLY COW! First great spot on the strip, great looking place. BAD: The 19 minutes we wait (after we sat down) for any type of service. Now, ok, maybe nobody saw us. OR the fact that 2 managers were talking less than 6 feet away THE ENTIRE TIME didn't see us too. It's vegas, not too many people are in a rush, and neither were we. So I decided to wait, and wait, and wait, and wait...for 19 minutes. THEN I asked the managers, "Is 20 minutes the right number to wait before service"?. They were sorry, comp'ed 1 drink and went along with their day. BEST PART, I happen to run into another manger weeks later and he offered to show me the right service levels. Maybe I go back, but with so many great places on the strip....maybe not.
5	We were visiting from Dallas and had trouble finding a good drink.   Have been here several times.  Great drinks, great food, great service!!! Ty, our bartender,  was awesome.  We will come back next time we are in Vegas.
4	Stopped in last week while in town. Also went to Guy Fieri's and , between the two, would be back here again first.Recently opened about a month ago. Love the open atmosphere overlooking the strip. It's on the west side of LVB (next to Mirage near Diablo's) not east side as the map shows. They've got TVs and a huge screen in the back for sports.Ordered drinks, BBQ chicken lettuce wraps, nachos and chocolate stuffed cookies. Lettuce wraps were not really BBQ flavored, just grilled but the sweet sauce for them was great. Nachos were good and DID have BBQ and shredded beef in them. Tasty. But hands down the chocolate filled cookies were awesome! Came out hot and oozing chocolate. Save some room or just stuff 'em down. Service was prompt, attentive and friendly. Everything came out fast and hot. We'll be back!
4	Good food, good variety on the menu. Service was good and the atmosphere was perfect for a Saturday afternoon. The prices were about what you would expect for the venue.
5	If you're looking for great service, good food and great atmosphere this is the place. The max and cheese is awesome. Here with a large group and they had plenty of room. It won't disappoint.
4	Great new restaurant on the Strip!  The swordfish and collards were amazing.... Awesome beer selection, with a 32oz "mug" as the way to go!  The staff was among the best in Vegas!  We'll be back!
4	Great first impression. There was a gorgeous lady who offered to take our picture before we ate and let us post on Facebook. So fun! We got some blue cocktails. Yummy. And salads are huge! Server was super friendly. Loved the atmosphere and music!
1	One star for the service and the cocktails.  If you want food, go elsewhere!  My boyfriend and I were excited to try this new place on the strip.  We ordered some large spiked iced tea's that were great.....then our food arrived.  We ordered the fried chicken sliders and when my boyfriend bit into one, it was raw in the middle.  We sent back the slider platter and asked to have bbq beef sliders instead, as there is no way he was trying chicken again.  When the beef sliders arrived, they were about 80% fat.  Not good fat either, but flabby, gelatinous fat.  We didn't eat them, asked for our bill and left.  We were not asked why we didn't eat the beef sliders and we were charged for them after they served us raw chicken.  I loved the cocktail, but that is not enough to go back.
2	Bleh. Mediocre at best. The server gave us all these suggestions and we were so excited about it. The catfish was under seasoned and the bread was way too sweet (catfish sandwich). And the macaroni looks cafeteria style and too salty. No one was overly happy with their meals but it's not the worse food I ever had. Nonetheless there are much better places to go eat in Las Vegas.
4	Great atmosphere and great food!  Love the outdoor seating arrangement. Service was great until it came to split the check.  You'd have thought she had to enlist the mayor to break things out.  But overall great service. Will definitely go back next time in town.
4	I went here for a company outing a few weeks ago. The interior is very well made, with TVs laid out in every corner and it was really easy to see the basketball game that was on from any angle. I'd say it's a pretty cool venue to watch a game. I had a Heineken and a Double Barrel Burger that costs roughly $30. It's a venue on the Strip so everything is going to be kind of a rip off. :DThe burger was seriously one of the best I've had. Don't know if it contained kobe meat (probably not) but it was so well made. I would go back just for the burger. Fries are A-OK and nothing special. No garlic fries which is a bummer. I didn't have the tea but my co-worker said it was pretty good. He also said the BBQ sliders were great.If you're wandering in the area and hungry for a bite, I think this is a good choice. I would come for the burger and to catch a game but it was pretty crowded that day. If you don't mind a crowd, then it's a good choice.
4	This place was pretty cool.  What I liked most was the atmosphere.  Completely open to the strip.  It was a little expensive but great appetizers and beer.  The nachos were delicious. Walked by later on and a girl was dancing on the bar.  Missed that show for my meal.
4	If you are looking for a cool place to watch the games on the strip that has great cocktails and really good food, this is it! I love the fact that whether you are seated inside or outside you still have a pretty good  view of all the TV's and you don't feel like you are missing anything. The service is really good and the servers are pretty attentive. I have been there 3 times and will definitely be back. I you happen to go you must have the corn dogs, deviled eggs, wings and nachos!
4	I heard about the recent opening of this restaurant in front of Monte Carlo.  We went last Saturday for dinner with hubby.  It's southern style with lots of TV's everywhere.  Very open space between the patio to inside dining.  The staff are nice. We had a nice waiter, Kevin and suggested some tasty drinks, kiwi something and double barrel drink.  Both drinks were very refreshing in a small mason jars.  The drinks are kinda pricey $14 each and it's nothing new in Vegas,  Next we ordered wings $14 and it taste like honey sweets.  I wished it was fried all well.  Then we ordered catfish sandwiched in texas bread $16 and country fried steak $22.  My sandwich had a nice spicy kick and huge.  My husband's country fried steak looks good and huge with tasty mash potatoes.  Kevin is good on refills and other staff are good at picking up the empty plates.  We also ate a dessert double fried smores $8 and it looked good.  If you need to wash your hands, its a communal sink with each sexes have their own toliets.  I wish the ladies would gabble in the toilet not at the sink.  That was annoying.  Otherwise I had a nice experience there.  Kinda pricey and easy spend over $100 and they accept Mlife card to get points.
3	Great place to watch the game and love music.  Nachos were gross - too sweet! Sweet nachos?
2	You comped us 2 dinners out of 6.  You forgot 2 drinks out 6.  Your busboys were very good but your waiter was in the weeds. Wanted it to be better.
3	I really wanted this place to be amazing, and I'll tell you the food looked amazing it just didn't taste as good. We came here for dinner and drinks and had a nice waiter who must have had a few too many customers to handle, we waited about 20 minutes to get the drinks we ordered. While we waited though we had some great conversation and enjoyed looking around the bar and people watching. We ended up ordering some beers and we were really thrilled that they had Stiegl Grapefruit Radlers here- it's a fantastic beer for the hot Vegas weather. While the drinks were great, we ended up ordering the barrel fried chicken to share after we saw the really cool barrel serving tray they use to display the meal. The chicken came out and smelled amazing, unfortunately it ended up being more breading and fat than chicken. The fries and biscuits were great, but we ended up avoiding the chicken. I want to say I'd give this restaurant another try, but with so many options in Vegas I think I'll pass, unless I want another refreshing radler.
2	Really wanted to love this place but it just didn't happen.  Great decor and wonderful location. Got a seat right up front which was great for people viewing which we did a lot of while we wanted an overly long time for our meal. Drinks were ok. Mine was wrong. Fried chicken was not good.  Far too much breading on tiny pieces of chicken. The chicken was served in a GIANT contraption that totally blocked the view of our dinner companions sitting across from us. When we were done no one bother to clear our plates or take the behemoth serving sculpture away. When I asked for it to be removed, the waitress just looked at me, smiled and said I wish I could, and walked off. Luckily Hodor later came to pick it up. He had made regular appearances throughout the night to spill water and food on us every single time he came to the table. What a shame.  Far too many other great places to eat to try this one again.  However, if you are determined to give it a try, do it quick - I can't see this place being around for too long.
4	I haven't eaten here so cannot attest to their food quality but this place is fun for a bar stop along the strip.  Been here twice and had fun.  Both times the DJ's were pretty good and kept the party going. They have go go dancers handing out shots for tips and dancing on the bar tops.  Drinks are standard...I think $11 for a vodka soda.  Not weak.  The second time we went there was the absolutely obnoxious girl MC'ing, if that's what you can call it.  Talking about virgins and circle jerking?  Um, I get that this is Vegas but she was just weird....like our WHOLE group, all 7 of us, desperately wanted her to shut up.  My advice Double Barrel? Get rid of the annoying girl that never stops talking, keep your DJ's and go go dancers and we'll be back.
1	It looked like a cool spot for drinks n appetizers.  I'm all about customer service and this place was horrible. They seemed so unorganized and our original waiter never came back to take our order.  The current server was nice so I appreciated that.
2	Service was extremely slow. It was 20 minutes before our drinks order was taken. Drinks were very slow to arrive too. Meals arrived and my sliders were cold. No water was available on the table. Overall, quite disappointing. Upside - location was good.
3	Ate here on a Sunday evening and it was ok. Agree with others that the service was lacking, nice enough but took forever and pretty much were never offered refills on our water (which basically meant we each only ordered one drink, so their loss). My spinach salad was good but obscenely large. They could make it smaller and knock the price down a bit, there is no way anyone finishes it. It was nice sitting on the Strip and people watching but due to the poor service I doubt we will be back.
2	Came in on a coupon which read buy one cocktail get one free of equal or lesser value! My friend and I were stoked! We sit down in the bar area and the host quickly tells us we can't sit there because we aren't ordering food. Okay fine whatever so we order some nachos. Literally didn't see the server after that for about 25 minutes and it looked like she was he only server for the ENTIRE place. People were getting up and leaving because they never saw a service. We theeeeeen order our second drink and she tells is she can't give is the same drink for free...it can only be a beer or a regular well drink. I'm confused...it says buy one get one free and I correct?? Odd. The only reason for the two stars is because the nachos were amazing! Good job kitchen...shit front of the house
2	To start, I don't know how the service somewhere can get much worse unless they spit in your food, tell you about it, and tell you to eff off. We ordered 2 grilled cheese sandwiches in an attempt to have a "quick meal" before hitting the pool. We chose this spot on the advice of the MGM concierge, our main criteria being somewhere in walking distance that is "outside with strip view." That pretty much explains the best attribute of the Double Barrel Roadhouse in 4 words. After 30 minutes, we inquired into the existence of our grilled cheeses. I am positive this is when our order first made it to the kitchen. Another 15 minutes later, we had to walk inside to complain about waiting 45 minutes for a grilled cheese. 20 minutes later, still no grilled cheese. You would think they would make it a priority after MULTIPLE complaints. The place was more than half empty. After speaking with the manager, I explained as politely as possible that it's just 4 pieces of bread and cheese with some avocado and bacon inside and not duck a l'Orange. Following such a complaint, it should have been made within 10 minutes. Over an hour after our arrival, and after watching the table next to us sit, order, eat, pay, and leave, we had our sandwiches. I am adding the 2nd star because they actually tasted really good, despite being VERY heavy, and because the manager comped our meal, which included 2 beers. Of course they also got our bill completely wrong, which added to their reasons for comping our meal. The manager claimed he "doesn't know what went wrong" with the hour plus wait for our simple meal. Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food. When this place closes down soon, I will definitely "know what went wrong" with it.
1	Gave this place a try. I had a coupon for buy any cocktail of your choice get 1 free. No exclusions listed. However, I quickly learned from the bitchy bartender that the specialty cocktails were excluded. We ordered bloody marys and they were awful! Tasted like I was drinking bbq sauce with a shot of vodka. Gross. Hated the vibe. Rude service. I wanted to like this place since I stay at the Monte Carlo frequently,  but I predict this place will either close soon or only have the Bud light crowd from the Midwest. I had another coupon and gave it away. A free drink wouldn't keep me at the bar, and I'm a drinker. The bloody mary was so bad, I cannot imagine the food. Dont waste your time or money. Btw, who has a bloody mary specialty and then opens at 11:30? Lame.
4	The Snack Tower is the way to go. Enough for two people, $35 and you get a taste of everything you might be interested in trying. We tried the cojita corn on the cob, the pulled pork nachos, the BBQ baked oysters, BBQ pork quesadillas, and the ahi tuna lettuce wraps.We were pleased to find that the 2 for 1 drinks covered bottled beer and imports, but note that it doesn't cover any of the cocktails listed on the menu, it is only for well cocktails. That said, 2 for 1 Magic Hat No.9... can't go wrong with that!
2	I'm not a fan because it's just a typical themed restaurant/bar with at best average quality offerings. It's just like Diablos. But if you want to just get meh drinks and food that costs more than it's worth, then this should do the trick. Nothing special.
5	Cool Joint.   Not too loose and not too upscale.  Comfortable and cool.  Great staff.  I met the Chefs and they are great folks, and the food is simple and good.  Not so simple its boring, but no nonsense.  Quality ingredients and quality employees bring together a very good dining experience...  Go fancy or casual and they accommodate all levels to and from.  Chef Sandra went out of her way as well to make sure my vegetarian mom and picky kids were as happy as my meat eating self :)
4	Stopped in here on the way back down the strip to Bally's because of the 2 for 1 drink special. I did not try any of the food but it looked good. The bartender here was awesome and made my night. He was a blast. The crowd was pretty weak in here even at about 11pm. That's was the only drawback. The waitresses are very attractive as well, BONUS, and that helped a lot being the crowd was very weak.
3	The environment is casual, the decor obviously cowboy. The 2nd floor was dead and it took over ten minutes to get a drink, being the only ones at the bar. It was pretty weak sauce. Besides that, the pulled pork nachos were tasty but a little on the small side considering the $19 price tag. Makers & lemonade ran me $10.50, not too bad for being on the strip. They also have Stella on tap here so I'm G2G.
5	Double Barrel Roadhouse is by far the best place to party at when your in Vegas. Great atmosphere amazing staff (especially the pretty MC with short dark hair think her name was Emily) she made me feel welcome from the second i walked in with some great games and loads of fun she was worth the trip there alone and i did nt want to leave .  Cant wait for my next trip there i will be going there every night ..
5	Great vibe inside. Beer pong. Beer bongs. Girls dancing on the bar coyote ugly style.  I really enjoyed it.
5	Amazing spot! Live music and more. Easy access and a lot of fun. Right off the strip and will satisfy what you're looking for. Amazing food and more. Beer pong beer bong and lots of fun. With live entertainment.
5	Ordered the chicken sliders..delicious!!!!! In the mood for a good snack def. get them. After dinner turns into an all out saloon of high flying action. Girls on the bar dancing, beer pong , great fun for any local or out of towner.
2	We finally decided to try this place as we had a buy 1 get 1 free my vegas coupon.  I really wanted to like this place as I am a huge fan of Monte Carlo.  When we walked up to be seated, there was a group of 4 guys who were inebriated beyond belief sitting at the first table as you enter.  One of the guys looked my mother straight in face and yelled "my pussy" to her.  I then proceeded to tell the guy to shut the hell up. The hostess seemed very annoyed by this guy and apologized to us. Trust me, I understand its vegas and it happens, but the restaurant should be responsible enough to make sure their patrons feel comfortable.  That should of been our first clue to leave.  We were seated and it took over 10 mins to have our drink orders taken.  I ordered a salad and added shrimp which was good.  My husband ordered a burger and said it was average and my mother ordered the salmon sandwich which made her sick later that day and the next day.  While waiting for our food, there was a huge crowd of people on the patio getting drinks and name tags.  We asked what they were doing and they said a "bar crawl" was starting there.  It was annoying to me that this was going on as it seemed all the attention was going to this group and they were not even eating.  People in the group were coming in and taking tables that others were waiting for.  It just seemed like a real cluster.  Now lets go back to our drunk group of guys who were sitting by the hostess stand.  They proceeded to bother more people as walking in and made passes at girls.  Come to find out, they were apart of the bar crawl and should not of even been sitting where they were.  Management should of taken care of moving these guys outside where they would not bother their patrons.  The guy who yelled "my pussy" to my mom later proceed to go behind the bar outside and pour himself a shot, all while the bartenders were no where to be found. Again, I understand this is vegas and things like this happen, but you should not be subject to this while paying to have a meal.  I guarantee you if this happened inside Monte Carlo, they would be long gone.  Not sure why Double Barrel supports this type of behavior.  Pretty sad that someone who was not even giving them business chased our business away forever.
5	As a Las Vegas local and in the service industry myself, I was really excited to check out this new hot spot. And I wasn't disappointed! First off, they were very busy, but mainly from possibly being under-staffed. But that didn't stop our waitress Nicole from giving exceptional service. She must of had half the tables in there, but she still managed to make recommendations and treat us like we were her only table. The buffalo sliders were the best I've had and every specialty cocktail we tried was amazing. They really took the time to create a unique cocktail list (although, the beer selection could use some work) Overall, besides the small kinks that they need to figure out, this place was awesome and the friendly staff made it that much better!
2	So this was our first experience here.  We were looking for something casual and down to earth to take a break from all the celebrity chef and high-priced stuffier places.   We came across the Double Barrel while waiting for the Blue Man Group show. First the wait.  We waited fifteen minutes for a table for two.  The hostess told us up front about the wait and said we could go sit in the bar area if we didn't want to wait because the full menu was available.   We chose to wait.  There were empty tables in the restaurant while we waited but might have been part of the bar seating.  Either way, we didn't mind waiting and the staff was up front about it. Once we sat down, the service was very slow.  Our server came up to our table as soon as we sat down and asked if we wanted to place our entire order for drinks and food because it was going to take a while.   We weren't ready to order yet, so we waited until she came back a few minutes and placed our order.   Turns out the server was right.  It took a long time for our food to come out.  Well over thirty minutes.   Once we had finished eating, it took another twenty minutes to get our plates cleared and to get the check.  Overall, very slow for a place of this style.  It looked like they might have been understaffed.  The server was working really hard but she had way too many tables.   Needed at least two more servers. The food we ordered all tasted good.  However, for what we ordered the price was way too high and the portions to small for two of the three items.   We ordered the baked BBQ oysters, the pulled pork sliders,  and the garlic fries.  The garlic fries were delicious, the portion was good for two people to share,  and the price was right.  The pork sliders were also delicious, but over priced.  $12 for two small sliders is a bit much.   Lastly, the baked BBQ oysters.  To say I was disappointed would be an understatement.  The portion size is four tiny oysters.  To give you a reference to the size, there was a small piece of bacon on top of each oyster.  The total amount of bacon was less than that of one average strip.  There was less oyster meat than bacon.  Bacon is amazing, but when you're ordering oysters, you don't want the bacon to compliment the oysters, not overpower them.  Third component of this dish, the BBQ sauce tasted good, but there was too much.  In one shell, I couldn't find the oyster in the sauce, even after I removed the piece of bacon.  So yeah, for $12 paid for this dish, I was really disappointed.  Save your money on this one and order something else. Some of the other dishes that I saw people ordering looked substantial and good, but again, overpriced.  $17 for a basic cheeseburger is a bit much.  And while I understand that this is Vegas and things are more expensive, but for a casual place like this, these were a bit too high. To summarize, the food tasted good but the portions were too small for the price paid on the appetizer and main dish and the service was way too slow because they appeared to be understaffed. I would probably go back again because I never write a place off after just one visit, but I won't be back soon until they can work out the kinks.
5	I attended the Danny Vegas networking event last week and decided to try out the food. Normally I don't eat too much on the Strip, but I'm glad I did.  I ordered the Southwestern burger and I can honestly say it was one of the best burgers I ever had in a Strip restaurant. The presentation of the food was very nice. The meat was very flavorful and tasted smoke-cooked like I was attending a back-home barbecue. I also had sweet potato fries, which were also excellent. My waitress was also very sweet and attentive and I was sure to give her a good tip for her service. Everything was worth the money I paid for, which is something not found too often on the Strip.Next time I will come back here for a drink and more grub. A fun, laid-back place to take your friends from out of town or for visitors.
1	The 1 and 2 star reviews below sum it all up. This place has been open for a while and this guy Matthew K responds to the bad reviews saying they will change to improve their business, but actually, they didn't do anything. Back of the house is terrible. Will not go back because i didn't get my food for over 30 minutes. I'm calling Jon Taffer to fix ticket times. Good luck double barrel because your gonna need it
4	The food is amazing.....a little pricey but you are on the strip so what do you expect.We shared the burger with the brisket on it...delish and fries were good too!!! Fried chicken dinner was good....we loved the biscuit but the potato salad was ok (potatoes needed to be cooked longer). Also had the nachos with the pulled pork and baked beans on it.....very interesting but not sure if I would order it again.Cute upscale saloon in a great area....if the weather is cooler you should sit outside.
1	This place is a rip off. It's $30 all you can drink but you can't get red bull in a mixed drink. Only get beer because they water down the hard liquor. Took a shot of fireball and vodka, both went down like water. The bar upstairs refuses to give out shots if you have all you can drink, so it's ridiculous. I ordered a drink and saw the bartender go to the other side of the bar, talk to the other bartender while pointing at me and laughing while pouring my drink. When I got the drink (vodka soda water) it tasted like straight water. This place is a rip off and not worth the time or money. Take your business elsewhere
3	I felt this place was overpriced. My friends and I ordered a snack tower (pork quesadillas, nachos, oysters, chicken wraps, and wings), ribs, and a side of mac and cheese. My friends thought the ribs were pretty good. I was disappointed they did not have the ahi lettuce wraps available since I don't eat meat (but I eat fish). So, I ended up eating a few chips, two oysters, and a tiny scoop of Mac and cheese. They oysters had this weird, thick, slime on them, which was unpleasant. I live in San Diego and get oysters often enough to know that oysters should not have that on them. Ew. The nachos and mac and cheese were pretty standard. Nothing special. The portions were pretty small. My meat-eating friends probably had a better experience. The best part was the watermelon tequila drink I ordered, which was great ($14).Service was a bit slow. Would be willing to give this place another shot, but with so many places on the strip would probably opt to go elsewhere next time.
3	Went for lunch.  Food and atmosphere way better than "The Pub" (inside MC by pool/shops).Took the coupon in for 2 for 1 drinks.  We split $11 lunch special, pork sliders with a garden salad.  Sliders were tasty and salad was very good.Great for strip people watching, would return (use a coupon)
1	I'm not sure if the service here could possibly get any worse.  Came here on a Vegas trip for a quick lunch before our plans.  We chose this spot because of its great location and strip view.  The place was pretty empty, so we were seated as soon as we walked in.  We ordered their grilled cheese, assuming it would come out quick.  Wrong.  So wrong.  After about 30 minutes we asked about our meal and our server said he would go check on it.  Our server pretty much disappeared after this and didn't even come to refill our waters.  About 20 minutes later, we still had no grilled cheese.  This was more than enough time for the food to come out if they had initially totally forgotten about our order and put in the order during our first inquiry.  I had to walk into the restaurant and ask the hostess to find our server and to find out where our food was, especially since we had been there for about 45 minutes at this point.  Another 20 minutes went by and still no server and no grilled cheese.  I went in AGAIN and asked to speak to the manager.  The manager finally came out and we explained to him that 4 pieces of bread with cheese should really not take over an hour to come out.  He assured us the food was being made, which is basically what we had been told the last hour.  We watched about 3 tables sit, order, eat, and leave during the 1.5 hours we waited for our grilled cheese.  90 minutes later the grilled cheese came out.  After all this, I would hope it would've  at least tasted good.  Wrong again.  The only good thing about this sandwich was that I had asked to add avocado to it.  Other than that, it pretty much sucked.  It was super heavy, greasy, and just didn't taste good.  Making a grilled cheese sandwich is so easy and simple.  If they couldn't get this right, I don't know if they have a fighting chance in Vegas.  Then we got our bill, which was totally wrong.  The girl at the front entrance had given us a certificate for 2 for 1 beers.  Of course, we were charged for both these beers.  After yet another visit inside to find an employee, and another complaint, our meal was finally comped.  During this entire ordeal, not one employee, including our server, came to ask us if we needed anything or to refill our waters.  This was possibly the worst service I have had anywhere.
1	Sept.  3rd,  2014... 8:52pm.We were just at this restaurant  with a party of 10 (including  kids)and the reaction from the hostess  stand was enough to make our entire party leave.  The rolling of the eyes and the look of "really?!? " on their faces showed us how much of an inconvenience our party was on them. After booking our room at Hotel 32 at Monte  Carlo..  VIP Room..  32nd floor.. It has been a great day and awesome experience  for our whole family until we went to Double Barrel Roadhouse...  THANK YOU DOUBLE BARREL FOR RUINING OUR AWESOME EXPERIENCE  HERE AT THE STRIP!!!  IF HAVING KIDS WAS SUCH AN INCONVENIENCE TO YOU THEN JUST TELL US. DON'T HUFF AND PUFF, WHILE ROLLING EYES BECAUSE WE DECIDED TO TRY AND EAT AT YOUR ESTABLISHMENT!!!! Will never be back.
3	Good food; customer service sucks!! Server was not attentive. A good variety on the menu, something for everyone. Full bar and creative drink selections....good choice if you want to chill and eat on the strip. Severs and hosts need training to enhance people skills......smiles go a long way
4	Me and my friend came here because a B.O.G.O. Entree offer he received online and decieded to eat here during our stay in Vegas Labor Day Weekend. Have to say it was definitely one of the best decisions of the weekend. Walking into the restaurant I managed snag ANOTHER offer for drinks which made for an extra awesome meal! Interior was pretty nice and modern but I'm sure that's the case with majority of Vegas restaurants you dine in Vegas. Very open and a large bar in the middle of the restaurant. Started off with drinks, bogo was for good for well drinks so I went with my Henny and Coke and my buddy went with his Gin and Tonic. $14 a piece they were pretty damn good size so that was definitely worth it even without the bogo. Was big enough to actually fill a child's to go cup (which we found out later because my buddy couldn't finish his drink) Food: My friend went with the New York Steak with "fries" and I went with the Full Rack of Ribs with Mac and cheese. Steak was the priciest of the two with both meals being just under $30.The Steak was pretty damn good. Quality steak with a quality cook. He ordered medium well which I am personally not a fan of... BUT even with that one piece I took, i had to say it was quite enjoyable. Now the "fries"... I thought these were just going to be your run if the mill steak fries you get at the majority of Chili's/Applebee's... Oh but I was wayyyy mistaken! Truffles fries! Can say I've had Truffle fries that good before this. My ribs. Can't remember the last time I ordered a full rack of ribs, but damn these were huge. Too big for the plate so they had to stack them up on each other. Sauce was on point and the meat were just falling off the bone... What more can you ask from such delicious dead animal?! Even the mac and cheese impressed me. Taste of real cheese, macaroni that were nowhere near overcooked, and that layer of crunch from the breadcrumb topping. I definitely enjoyed myself. With the offer for drinks and entrees, meal came out to $45! But have to say would definitely pay full price if I was in the mood for some Steak and Ribs. Service was also friendly! Our sever joined me as a poked fun at my buddy for asking for a Togo cup for his drink he failed to finish.
1	Terrible service.... Worse food. Server offered a"generic" salad with an entree. I'll warn my friends and will never come back...I must say that the manager was the best part about this place
1	I wish I would have read the reviews before I walked into this place! The service was horrible! We had 7 and a baby. We went in hoping to grab a quick bite and be out. It was pretty empty when we got there but they seated us at a tall table that wouldn't fit the high chair for the baby because they had a party of 25 coming in in 20 minutes. We were there over an hour and that group never showed. They brought water and two glasses were dirty. The food was super slow coming out. The potato salad wasn't done. The potatoes were still raw. Someone ordered salmon and it wasn't cooked. It was raw throughout. We asked them for cooked salmon and they actually threw the one we'd just tore apart back on the grill. Cross contamination much?? They should be shut down!! Who puts food that a customer has touched back on the grill to cook?? What if he had had a major cold or flu and had just infected the rest of the people who are trying to eat there?? They didn't keep our waters full. It was a fifteen minute wait to get anything...from ketchup for the fries to clean silverware. When we asked for our bill, it took them over thirty minutes to get it. It was hot and nobody wanted to be there sitting there waiting all night. It was a horrible experience.
1	The food was pretty good. I recommend the Mac and cheese and the chicken nachos. Everything else was terrible. We had a 9:30 reservation for dinner and the music was at club level--we were told it becomes a club at that time of night. I literally couldn't hear the person sitting next to me at the table, even wen shouting.  Very slow service even though it wasn't busy. I probably would have given it 2 stars but the bill came and they had added an 18% (that's fine) plus a "service charge" on top of that. Management insisted this was normal business practice in Vegas. I call it fraud.
2	2 stars for Amazing ON THE STRIP ambiance and open wall.  But it ends there.  Went here with a big group, and not one thing stood out.  Which sucked. Big Birthday Dinner and I think we nearly ordered everything on the menu.  But, we definitely enjoyed eah other's company more than we did the food.  Except for the Ribeye, that was delicious.
5	I don't know what is with the bad reviews this place is getting; Double Barrel Roadhouse is awesome! So awesome, in fact, that my husband and I ate here 3 times during our 4 day stay.  Part of this was attributed to the fact we were staying at the Monte Carlo and couldn't step foot on the strip without being offered 2-for-1 drink cards for Double Barrel, and part of it was attributed to us just really liking the place.  It reminds me of a frat house.  A clean frat house that serves amazing food.  They have pool, air hockey and beer pong and non-stop upbeat music, mostly top 40s.  We heard Nicki Minaj, Miley, Daft Punk, Beyonce, Usher and the like.Our service was always wonderful and the food always quick.  My husband ordered a burger.  I can't remember which burger it was, but he said it was hands-down the best burger he'd ever eaten, and he got it every time we went there.  I'm not big on red meat, so I didn't try it, but I did sample his steak fries that came with the burger. Delicious and perfectly crisp!  I got the buffalo chicken sliders which came with two tiny sliders for $12, but they were delicious and I got those every time we were there, too.  If you go during lunch, you actually get the same sliders and a half salad for only $11 total, which is an excellent price.They have a bathroom attendant situated between the men's and women's bathrooms where the sinks are located, which I found kind of odd considering the atmosphere of the place, but it's a nice touch.  One of the attendants, who my husband said was named Javier (but he was drunk because hey, it's Vegas!), let him borrow a lighter after he bought a cigarette off of him for a $1 tip.  That was nice and was above and beyond what should be expected.I don't have anything bad to say about this place.  We will definitely visit again on our next Vegas vacation.
3	Good food, extremely slow service , portions VERY small for the price. Here on a weeknight and service was severely lacking! Regardless...food was good.
2	Food was amazing good service however waited almost an hour and a half to eat.  They are only concerned with serving alcohol.
4	This bar has beer pong from 10:00pm to close! We were going to come back for it but realized that the specials and deals in this bar weren't worth it. They had the same deal as the restaurant across the street called Diablos Cantina, "two-for-one." In the end it still only saves you one dollar for two beers since you are unable to use the coupon on happy hour or any special yummy drinks. Has to be rail or beer =( I don't understand why they do this since all of us can get free beer and drinks in the casino, you would think that they would have better deals on the strip to maintain people buying directly from them nonstop. I viewed their menu and was sort of glad that I ate across the street at Diablos. I just wasn't very keen on their food choices. The bartenders were very young--or at least they looked like it. Both were kind and humble except when the one male bartender started to complain to another server about how stupid the two-for-one deal was in front of us. I thought that was unnecessary. Also a quick fun fact: I have never seen bathrooms share a sink. So in between the men's room and women's bathroom doors was a space reserved for washing hands. This tends to be great and awful at the same time. At first I was like "Sweet no line at the sink!" then at second thought "oh god...everyone can see me pick at my face and do my hair."
5	Awesome drink specials, the Chicken nachos and pulled pork quesadilla is the best. Definitely a favorite spot. Night time the offer unlimited drinks for 2 hours for $40.
1	This is my second time eating here and the second time the service sucks.  FIRST TIME SHAME ON THEM THE SECOND TIME SHAME ON ME.  I live in Vegas so I'm always entertaining my clients.  I brought a client here we were a party of two, they were not extremely busy.  It took them 30 minutes to acknowledge us another 30 minutes to get the food.  Now I must say the food was good.  But the service is horrible.  The waitresses have to be told they have a table they are constantly in the back.  My second experience the exact same.  This time I was more aggressive in getting a waiter. He came over took our order brought our drinks and we never saw him again.  I had to ask another waitress for our bill...  Lets say rediculous.  Customer Service is everything...  I even saw customers walk away because of lack of acknowledgement...  I will not setup myself for disaster again no matter how good the food is.
3	Good place, run by people who care about service and food quality. Great atmosphere. I recommend this restaurant for lunch, and specifically the Grilled Street Corn: skewered corn, butter, chila paprika, aji rocoto, cilantro & cotija; and the pulled pork sliders.
1	Horrible. Luke warm beer and horrible service. We are here on a Friday at 4pm and the staff see unhappy and management is no where to be found. Never making the mistake by stopping here again.
5	Huge Fan, Great place to post up at the bar and watch a game, Great food very chill
1	What can I say. The food and service is terrible. We had the "chefs favorite hands down" fried chicken. It was $40. It was flavorless, tiny, heavily breaded, and completely void of spice. The potato salad and biscuits were awful too.  A group of 6 of us all agreed that Popeyes many times better. No one ever asked us how it was and we had a few prices left. We called over the manager who told us "well you are it" and told us she never head that before. Really? we all laughed. There's a huge sign that says satisfaction guaranteed.  They charged us full price and made no apologies. Unless you're just drinking. Go anywhere else. Lots of good food around. The managers name is Leann that said that too. she should be fired.
4	We were staying at the Monte Carlo so we decided to check this place out as our first meal that evening in Vegas. I ordered a burger and garlic fries, my husband had the ribs and mac and cheese. My burger was alright, nothing super special and the garlic fries were definitely garlicy, but they were also dry and over cooked making them unpleasant.My husband gave me a bite of his mac and I was extremely jealous that I did not order it too. Honestly, it is up there with some of the best mac and cheese I've had. I think it would be even better if it had jalapenos in it. So this is my reasoning for giving it 4 stars. because the mac and cheese was awesome! We wanted to come back another night just to have it, but there were too many other options to try out and didn't have time to come back.The drinks were almost the price of the meals, so be forewarned.
2	"That's it?" Is not what you want to say when small quantity of food with a couple handfuls of lettuce called "salad" hits your table? Then stay away. Lunch special sounded like a good idea until nachos were hors d'oeuvre size. Saving grace- it was cheese wiz style. A step up from movie theater. Ahi lettuce wrap was decent. $8 for a beer.
1	The service sucks. Walked in on Friday at 5 and they were not busy which should have been the 1St sign. Was told it would be a 5 minute wait and have a seat at the bar. After 15 minutes we had to go ask when we were going to be seated. Again the place wad not busy. After being seated another 10 minutes went by without anybody stopping at our table. Others who were seated after us had been asked what they wanted. 2 waiters walked right by and didn't say a word. One of them was dancing. Finally a guy comes up and says do u have a question? Yes how long does it take to get served. Just as we were getting up to leave our waitress stops by. She says we were in between shifts. Really and nobody could tell us that. With service like this, they won't be open long.
2	Not a great place, burger was average should of went to In n Out, and their fried chicken lacked flavor.  Good place to watch a football game.
1	I don't usually leave bad reviews, but I gave this place an honest shot, 3 times to be exact & this last time was the worst.I'm a Vegas local & live steps away from this place, came in opening week and had a bad experience, I just kinda though mmmm maybe they're just not ready yet. Gave them some time to maybe get situated, came back for a late dinner the 2nd time about two months after that & service was food was less than mediocre once again. Stayed away for months. Went back again this past weekend, walked up to host stand, waited there about 10 mins with another group, employees were having their own convo, laughing it up, finally we get seated. Ordered some appetizers, the chicken wraps & the nachos, which were both very mediocre & totally not worth the $34 I paid for two apps (better off just stopping in @ Maestros Ocean Club in Crystals & getting some high quality apps for the same price). No straws, no utensils, asked for extra plates twice, two different people, finally came when we were down to the last bite. Asked for check took about 15 mins to get that as well. Felt like the waiter hated working there & really wanted to go home.Great location & venue but operation is poorly ran overall, staff is very inattentive. 3 visits & I haven't seen one bit of improvement since opening. Hope they change something quick, sad to see a new amazing venue fall apart so quick.
3	Got coupon for buy one drink get one for $3. The fine print is that the second drink has to be the less expensive than $13. The first time I had the barrel bloody it was spicy and smokey. Delicious. The second time it wasn't as smokey or good. The Jameson whiskey in a Bloody Mary was actually very good. The garlic fries were so garlicky that you would keep the bugs away if there were any. The shrimp and salmon were ok. Nothing outstanding. The BBQ oysters with bacon were excellent and with barrel bloody were on point. The second time on a different day we came back and had the regular fries that were season with BBQ seasoning rub were excellent. It was $7 for a small order of fries by itself but they were so good.
4	Some very yummy steak, brisket, sweet potato fries and biscuits! Good service. Good place to watch the football game.
3	Stayed at the Monte Carlo so we decided to give this place a try and it was OK; nothing to rave about. We only had drinks and appetizers so I can't comment on the meals. The garlic fries were good but a bit cold and unless you get coupons (they hand them out in the front) for drinks, its not worth the price. Especially knowing you can get free drinks at the hotel even if you just gamble quarters. A plus to this place was the outdoor seating and our server. He was very good even though we only ordered appetizers. We would give it another chance and eat an actual meal so our rating could change.
1	Let me start by saying the food was amazing! Best ribs I've had yet and really great baked beans. Nice environment with a great open strip view. I chose to give this a poor rating because of the servers attitude. The girl who brought our food out had MAJOR attitude problems. Our waitress also checked on us once only after we asked another employee of her where abouts. Leaving for home tomorrow, frequent Vegas quite often. More than likely will not return or suggest.
2	Food is great. . Service sucks.. waited 10 minutes. . No waitress. .had to get up and ask for one. .. hostess came over and took our order.   Brought our drinks and disappeared. .. I had to get up and go to the bar to ask for sugar for my ice tea. .5 minutes later got up again to ask for more ice tea at the bar. .. NO WAITRESS. .. Got our food.. no one came by to see if we needed anything. .. had to ask the bus boy for the check. .10 minutes later. . No check so I got up and went to the hostess and paid my check there. ...a lot of apologies but we didn't even get a discount. Got charged full price for this shitty service. .she didn't even bay an eye when she gave me the check. ..  2 stars. . And that's because the food was good... service Sucked ass...
1	Had the pulled pork nachos and BBQ chicken lettuce wraps.  Food was good, but portions were extremely small for price.  Service was horrible.  Took 45 min to get bill at 4 in the afternoon.
2	There were 4 of us and we stopped in for some drinks on a Friday afternoon. Service is so SLOW!! A good server knows that when your drink is almost gone, to stop by and ask if you'd like another, but apparently our server didn't know this and would just walk by our table when our drinks were empty and we would eventually have to flag him down. After our 2nd round we decided to go elsewhere which is a shame because the ambiance was good. We weren't eating which we think might have disappointed our server, but for the price of drinks, if he would've kept the service going he would've racked up a decent bill. His loss. We should've known after drinking 2 glasses of water provided by the busser before our server ever showed up to take our order.
3	Drink was good.  Sat at bar asked bartender about various items on menu.  Everything we asked he told us wasn't good.  He said chicken to much breading, nachos all items on top and not good, etc.  we then left
2	Came here with a Bar Crawl. I was very disappointed in the bar crawl itself so therefore I am looking forward to giving Double Barrel another chance and updating my review at a later date. Meanwhile...Upon arrival we were given complementary shots that tasted like cough syrup. I was constantly being moved around wherever I sat or stood being told by staff that the tables or seats were needed for other customers. What kind of garbage is that?! Please note that the bartenders were a pleasure to order from and very pleasant. As far as the hostess who fed me that line, not so much.
1	I'm not gonna be nice. I'd read about the comments regarding poor attitudes & customer service. Yep. Got'em both. Showed up at 2:30pm for their daily Happy Hour. Oh, of course. You have to be literally sitting at the bar on one of their 6 total bar stools. And the 10 open bar tables 2 foot away are just too much trouble. All of this was communicated to us with contempt and a smirky attitude by one of the hostesses and bartenders. See ya later...
2	The menu has changed most of the items are no loner available. No more fried s'mores. Maybe 3 desserts are left on the menu. Prices seem higher for much less food options. Huge dissappointment. As a local excited to try this place I am sad to say I will not be going back.
4	I got a good deal with MyVegas - 2 entrees for one price. I went there for dinner on a Saturday night at 6pm. The wait time was 10 minutes. I sat in the patio area with nice ambiance and next to sidewalk. The waiter was nice and good on refills. I ordered 2 $24 steaks with French fries and the steak was tender. I wish there are better side items. The apple crisp with ice cream was delicious. I would come back for lunch or dinner.
5	Tried this place for lunch after arriving in Vegas. We both ordered burgers and they were perfect. Sweet potato fries were the best I've ever had. Atmosphere is stunning!
5	We were there around midnight and all of the staff were really cool.  Gave great service and when the DJ kicked in the place was high energy.  Good times and will definately go back soon.
4	In Vegas for my first day for business. I don't want to say expectations were mediocre, but I'd lie to say they weren't.  So I was pleaseantly surprised by the food at double barrel. Don't come here expecting a broad range of healthy items. Do come expecting killer burgers, fries, massive drinks, fried apps, or other fatty material.  If you *must* err on the side of health, I cannot more heartily recommmend the bbq chix  lettuce wraps. They make them for you in individual holders with l individual dressing distributors (I recognize a photo would help but my phone is not synching). My colleague swore by the burger and fries, which, while expensive, were according to him, out of the park. Music was kind of loud and annnnnnnoying pop country, but otherwise they earn top stars for great food and a nice patio. Definitely a go on the strip for a nice lunch in 50 degree weather (patio heaters were a'firin)
2	Not a bad place, not great either, would not eat here again. We had a group of 4 and sat outside to enjoy the beautiful view they have. That was the only good thing about this place. The service lacked and was slow and our server could barely answer any questions we had about the food other than saying "oh you will love it". Well $18 for sliders l, I better love. But to my surprise, it was a waste. They were small, greasy and a true waste of anything more than $10. We also got the nachos, which you would expect to be shared amongst 3-4 people. Nope, small plate that had greasy store bought cheese that tastes like it was microwaved. And $14-$17 for a cocktail? Go next door to CVS, by a bottle and use that instead. This place is a true vegas rip off and not worth it. Go down the street another block to better eating options which may cost the same, but you actually eat what you paid for.
4	I really enjoyed this place in the multitude of things they had to offer like shrimp and drip grits, smoked chicken wings, Okra, college greens, margaritas were amazing, deviled eggs and salmon , perfect; fried chicken collard greens and and portobello sliders. That drink called the blue orchid was really pretty weird but really pretty. They also have three bars with a floor show that happens overhead in this very industrial looking building. The show is complete  with  really cute dancers who dance above you and there's also an awful lot of Las Vega$$ "people watching" as you watch the crazy tourists walk the Strip just outside of the Roadhouse. I'll be back!
5	I have to say that I was so pleased with not only the food but also with the great atmosphere. Great music and such friendly staff. We had the large draft beers and at 14 each I have to say I felt they were well worth the size. We only ate the app tower and got the hot honey and buffalo wings, chicken nachos (our favorite), pulled pork sliders, and quesadilla. All were fabulous and we were so happy we made reservations for NYE 2015. A definite must for anyone looking for a laid back scrumptious dining experience!
5	Great times and food. Shout out to the best bartender and hostess in Las Vegas!!! Sliders were good and service was attentive and no issues with any of our orders.
4	Great service and delicious food! Good value for money!!Visiting from Australia !! We found it really very welcoming and we like it a lot !!Definitely will recommend to friends !!The host was really nice !!!We will come back any time!!
5	Great food,  delicious food. Awesome service!  This is the place to be on the strip! Very close to MGM and New York New York.
1	DO NOT GO!!!!!! THEY ARE SCAMMERS THAT WILL OVER CHARGE YOUR 38$ bill 300 dollars more!!!!! Only place I had a problem with in entire trip to Vegas. A fat gay Indian guy was are waiter we asked if the sampler tower would be enough for 4 people he smirked and said we could try it. After the platter came out it wasn't even enough for 2 people much less 4 people. Split the 76$ dollar bill 38$ each and gave a bad tip for terrible service. Check my bank account and THEY CHARGED the &78 5 times to my account over $350 in charges. Had too dispute it with my bank, and  a police report with LVPD. Contacted Better Bussiness Bureu too. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE
4	Great drinks.   Awesome music and environment.   Ribs are tough which is unfortunate.   But satisfied with experience.
5	Stopped by double barrel while playing tourist for a quick drink on our way down the strip. What started as one drink, quickly led into quite a few. The bartenders were attentive even while the bar was packed, and not to mention,  very easy on the eyes.(both myself and my wife agreed) We decided on the appetizer tower which was 5 appetizers for a very reasonable price. The smoked chicken wings were my favorite with the pulled pork quesadilla coming in hot in second place. The manager (I think her name was Whitney?) was great and made sure everything was top notch. As a local I rarely frequent the strip, but we will definitely be back for this hidden gem.
