5	Goretorium has to be the best haunted attractions I've ever been in.  The details are over the top and the gore is at it's highest.  This isn't one of those cheesy "Halloween Time" haunted houses that make you jump with shrieks of "HELPPP ME!" This is the real deal, with professional actors to enhance the experience. The back-story behind the Goretorium makes it that much better, and automatically makes you feel like you're a part of the experience. If you're a TRUE horror fan, love GORE and are looking to get the sh*t scared out of you for once, then I HIGHLY suggest visiting Goretorium.
5	GORETORIUM is the best haunt you'll experience EVER!! The amount of time and effort going into this production will leave you shaking and amazed all at once! Being on the LV Strip, you're bound to have a great time full of scares and gore and more!! Send in your request for time off ASAP and get your tickets!! Be the first to see Eli Roth's GORETORIUM in action!!
4	I actually got to attend the pre pre-show party on the 26th, which was more commonly known as the event that was supposed to be two hours long, around 1,000 people showed up, and not many got in.  The fact that I did feels nothing short of a miracle.  From what I gathered, the Facebook invite got leaked, so they got way overbooked, and just couldn't handle the traffic flow.  So a lot of people didn't get in, and a lot of people (understandably) weren't happy.  How that's going to affect the initial impression remains to be seen.Conceptually, this place is very clever.  Simply put: I like theme bars and restaurants.  I still mourn the demise of the Star Trek Experience as it was just great fun, and nothing really has replaced it.Goretorium is a year-round haunted house attraction with a bar.  All those places that pop up this time of year with mazes and blood and people jumping out at you?  This is a 365 day a year version of that.Being the pre-opening, and considering the awkward crowd control, I don't think the place was 100% operational, so it's hard to critique in some ways.  The downstairs bar wasn't open, and it's hard to say if the upstairs bar is accessible to the general public, or just a bonus for the end of the horror experience.As far as costumes go, they have some GREAT ghouls.  Zombies, mad scientists, magicians, and even "Bloody Mary" was really cool.  I've worked a few horror gigs over the years, and I was trying to figure out some of the special effects.  I'd like to see how they interact with the crowd under a "normal" day.The maze was well done.  Plenty of lead up, a couple of nice jumps, lots of blood and trickery.  My friend accidentally walked into a wrong door (I followed, naturally my luck), and it led into a cast holding area.  Oops.  But they held in character, and they teased when we went down the "right" path.  I won't spoil the haunt itself as that's half the fun, but the end of the experience leads hapless wanderers into an upper level bar area with a nice view of the Strip.  They even have a unisex bathroom, so if you walk in, and something doesn't seem right, it actually is.  Someone could have warned me, though.  I had that initial "Oh, crap.  Wrong bathroom" moment, and I couldn't even excuse the mishap on too much liquor.There were a few things I'd make note of.  I think $40 is simply too high a price to charge for the attraction, especially with the economy still being so "meh" right now.  $30?  I could better see that.  Locals discounts?  I'd strongly consider that, otherwise they are going to have to cater exclusively to tourists because unless you love horror, and I mean LOVE horror, the experience is fun, but a one time deal.  Especially for the price.The gift shop wasn't much to look at, either.  Not a varied or wide selection, though it looked like they were selling prop surgical tools.It's unfortunate that Goretorium seemed to have such a rough first night, and hopefully the bad taste will leave people's mouths so they give the place a chance later when it gets some kinks worked out.  I stayed out of all the "political" aspects, and as a customer, I had fun with my group of friends.Goretorium has potential, and I love wacky theme bars, but the prices shouldn't be the scariest thing there.
1	This place is a complete waste.  The ticket price is too much for what you get.  15 minutes guided through some cartoonish looking BS and then led out into an area where you can spend even more money on expensive drinks and a gift shop.
1	I went to a private event held by Seven Magazine.  I had to RSVP for this event.  I RSVPD.  I waited in line for hours.. about 2.  There was a bagpiper outside the venue blaring his pipes.  When we finally got close enough to the door the front area was roped off and the bouncers were staring into the crowd.  The bouncers would not even tell us what if anything was going on.  They would not answer if the space was open, closed, or waiting for people to exit so we could get in.  When I emailed the Goritorium they said they would issue an announcement in a few days.  Since that time they have done everything in their power to silence voices like mine.  No statement was issued.  They will not admit people back in.  The event space seems like it is ran more like a nightclub than a haunted house attraction.
5	I have never been to a haunted house like this. Going through it is just like stepping into an Eli Roth movie set. So disturbing. I loved it!
2	While the makeup and effects are cool the 20 minute tour is light on scare considering the $43 ticket price.  The tour ends at what they call the "Baby Doll Lounge" which was really only a balcony and some tables.  I wouldnt recommend it Im sorry to say.  They could improve the scares with metering the people in smaller batches.
2	This was truly a major-league disappointment.I am a huge fan of the horror genre, and have a great respect for Eli Roth. I took a group of friends to the Goretorium, and I was very excited.This is a classic example of a chain only being as strong as it's weakest link. I had the very highest of hopes, and even gave an extra star based on the money someone clearly poured into this venture. But sadly, it was all soured by the customer service. Yes, the weakest link was the staff. And they were so flippant, and so sarcastically sweet in the way they went about trivializing our experience, that I felt compelled to write this review. It's really too bad, because behind the staff that is ultimately going to be their costly demise, I'm sure there is a well intentioned group of visionaries that will always wonder what happened to their brilliant and well executed idea. Unfortunately, Las Vegas is a customer service driven destination, and to survive here, they are going to need to learn that, quickly. Hopefully, they read these reviews, and learn from them.As such, it is with a heavy heart that I issue 2 stars.I do however hope that they get their act together, since this has the potential of being a great addition to Las Vegas. I will try them again in a month or so, and re-review.
5	I'm a huge Eli Roth fan and when I saw that his Goretorium was opening, I had to check it out!  It was so cool, they have a ton of actors and great special effect makeup.  The maze was so detailed it looks just like walking onto an Eli Roth movie set.  Needless to say I was stoked!  I had an awesome night there!
4	I am going to write a very detailed review of this situation, because I have mixed feelings about this attraction. Please bear with me, this may get long.I am a Texas native and a big fan of Eli Roth, so when I heard about the Goretorium I freaked out and immediately planned a trip to Vegas. I took a horror-loving friend with me and we arrived on October 7; it was their second weekend open to the public.The place is difficult to find, you have to enter a shopping center and go to the upstairs level. Once there, however, the decor is stunning; they've paid a ton of attention to detail and there are surgical instruments, torture devices, prosthetic limbs and more on display as well as gory artwork. You're greeted by The Wall, a huge man standing nearly 7 feet tall who is happy to pose for photos and chat with you about the attraction. The bar, Bloody Mary's, is the first thing you see upon entering; a small, narrow affair, above the bartenders a beautiful woman's torso is displayed before trailing off into plastic tubes. She 'bleeds' Bloody Mary mix while bantering with the audience, and it's a visual delight to see her. However, the drinks are extremely expensive and we were told by one bartender that the gratuity for staff is already added in so he warned us not to tip. The drinks are approximately $15 a cocktail or $20 for a collectors' cup full of the drink of your choice. We had opted for VIP tickets thinking there'd be a big line, but when we got there at 8:30 PM it was a ghost town. We handed our tickets to a staff member and were told to walk around while waiting for our turn. We were finally summoned about ten minutes later and we rode in a red-lit elevator up to the floor where the party begins. A man dressed as a ghoulish concierge gave us a brief history of the attraction (it's themed around a hotel called The Delmont where many people were brutally murdered) and then sent us into the elevator to begin the experience.The haunt itself is nearly perfect. Exquisite details, performers, makeup and design, and all of the jump scares you'd expect from any of the big haunted houses. There is beautiful work in every room and some genuinely freaky moments; don't rush through it, you'll regret not taking time to savor the work put into the attraction.However, it was when we finished that we began to have problems. For one, VIP is supposed to include free admission to the Baby Dolls lounge; this night, no one was paying a cover, so this perk was rendered moot. The 'zombie strippers' we were promised were bored scantily-clad girls with minimal gore makeup on, all of them standing around talking. Two big flat-screens played "Hostel" on loop but the music selection was excellent and the view of the strip was wonderful. My friend and I had a drink of a very sticky cocktail called Eli Roth's Blood and then headed back down to buy souvenirs. Here come the problems:- VIP are supposed to get one free drink ticket each. Even after we handed our VIP passes to the staff, no one knew this/informed us of this, and we had to get a manager involved. He had to go into his office to retrieve the tickets for us. If we hadn't known to ask we wouldn't have received them (this is a $15 value per person, remember!)- If you go VIP, you don't get the full experience: General Admission ticket-holders get to stand in a separate little foyer watching an exclusive movie that outlines the backstory of the Delmont Hotel, and they get treated to a great professional photo-opportunity. VIP members are rushed into the elevator and don't get the souvenir photo op or to view the special video. We requested to take a photo and the girl had to ask her manager if it was okay; they then acted put-out that we wanted a keepsake picture and escorted us to the photo op and back to make sure we didn't try to sneak through the haunt again.- Nothing in the gift shop is priced. There are no price tags or signs on ANYTHING and we had to call a girl over every time we had a question. She was very friendly but it got annoying quickly. The shot glasses have an awful, rushed design and one of the t-shirts looks like they bought a Hot Topic shirt wholesale and then hastily screened a design on it; the 'Goretorium' red ink didn't even match the red on the rest of the design, it looked cheap and tacky. They were out of anything higher than an XL in all of the shirt designs, which made it impossible for me to buy souvenirs for several friends back in Texas. The girl informed me that all of the torture instruments on display were for sale "but we have no idea how much they cost" so she couldn't sell me one. She said they'd received a book outlining the prices but no one could figure out which tool was which so they hadn't 'bothered' with it yet.Lots of kinks to work out from the business/treating their VIP right side of things but overall a great haunted house. And our bartender, an Islander guy, ROCKED.
3	First off it was hard to find. It's in front of Planet Hollywood and you can see the balcony of the upstairs bar from LV Blvd. but it was puzzling how to get to the main attraction from the street, you have to go up an escalator from the outside and then walk inside of like this souvenir mall. very strange. But once you see it you get excited. They have scary guys and zombie chicks walking around scaring people. There's Bloody Mary's bar which had tasty drinks, overpriced, but what do you expect at a Vegas attraction BUT the one thing that reeeeeeally pissed me off is the $5 added tip! WTF?! I thought tipping was optional. Tipping is meant for someone doing a good job and earned it, not for a girl taking bottle caps off of 2 Bud bottles. ABSOLUTELY ridiculous.I honestly don't know how much the actual attraction costs, I got to go for free because my boyfriend's work gave them tickets, but from reading other people's reviews i cannot believe spending that much money to walk through a scary maze for 15 minutes.  I will say that I did enjoy it, it was fun, I got scared. It was more than just people popping out scaring you, there were actual murdering scenes and gross things going on, there seemed to be some interactive areas too.  I wish I had taken more time in each room to really appreciate more of it.  The maze exits to the upstairs bar which had a $10 cover, AGAIN: RIDICULOUS but our friends wanted to sit out there so we did. They were replaying Hostel over and over again, which was cool i guess but the music out there... UGH! horrible trance/dubstep remixes.. WTF?! play some scary music or something that relates to horror or at least some metal. really? Did Eli approve this? headache. When you leave the bar you walk back downstairs to the merch area which was decorated really cool and gory. I liked all the merch except there were no prices on anything.  They should fix that. I think people hate to have to ask how much everything is.Overall, pretty cool if you're willing to spend the cash or if you're just a big Eli fan.
4	I had decided to take my husband to the Goretorium for an early birthday present and had seen on their website that there was a discount for purchasing tickets online, so I had done just that a day or so prior to actually going.  Upon arriving, there was absolutely no line so we walked right up and was lead up the stairs almost immediately (we decided to purchase just the regular tickets).  We had to wait maybe 2-3 minutes at the entrance for another group or two to show up, but that allowed us to get our photo taken, as well as look at the animated images, which were pretty cool.  Once one more group had shown up, we were allowed inside.  I will admit, while I wasn't terrified out of my mind I did thoroughly enjoy myself.  To be honest, though, I feel not being so scared allowed me to view everything that was in the maze a bit more and I ended up enjoying just the scenery of all of the little details that went into it.  There were a few things that were scary, as well, don't let my comment fool you, and I liked that it wasn't a typical jump out and scare haunted attraction.  The fact that things were already occurring when we would walk into a room was such a great way to go about it.  Anyone can jump out and scare someone, but I felt the way this was done made it all that more creepy.  When I exited I was very pleased with my experience.  The bathroom at the exit was hilarious and, upon exiting, there is a noise like a camera taking a picture and a voice says 'Smile for the camera!', not to mention the mirror is almost completely covered in blood!After we had exited the maze, my husband and I spend quite a lengthy bit of time in the gift shop, just viewing all of the crazy items in there.  Again, those little details (bloody hand print on a tv, Eli Roth's decapitated head in a box) really made the experience extremely enjoyable.While my husband and I were waiting to purchase our photo from the evening, we were approached by a man asking how it was inside.  Assuming it was someone wanting to go in (we had been approached by a man and his son earlier), we told him how much we enjoyed it, that it was scary but fun as well, explaining the main parts that we really enjoyed.He then informed us that he was one of the guys that had built the place (Josh was his name) and he was extremely friendly.  He directed us over to the main waiting area again and told us to watch above Bloody Mary's bar to see the show.Even after that fact, as we went back to pick up our picture from the evening, the woman at the counter was very sweet.  Since we had purchased our tickets online, they weren't as amazing looking as the ones you get upon purchasing them at the ticket booth, so we asked if we'd be able to get ones as souvenirs and she had those ready for us, as well!  This particular visit was the Saturday of opening weekend. Seeing all of the craziness that had occurred with some other people, I found it hard to believe that so much had gone wrong because our experience was great.Even before knowing there was a locals discount, we had every intention of going back again and again, after being told there was an annual pass!  Everyone had been very friendly to us and the overall experience was astounding.  Even after the maze we hung around and watched the crowds grow and they seemed to handle it fairly well.We had decided to go back again just this last Tuesday in an effort to get my sister-in-law to go.  Since we couldn't convince her, we decided to sit in the lobby area and allow her to experience all of the scary creatures walking around and have her try one of their drinks (we don't drink so we forced her to!).  She really loved the drink but said it was a bit pricey ($18 for a cup that wasn't very large at all).  Also, while I do love what they did with the Bloody Mary's bar, one thing I think they could work on is how frequently Bloody Mary comes out.  Both times we were there, it took quite a bit of time for her to arrive.  The plus side to waiting so long is that there is so much to look at while you wait.  The real fun is watching people come in and mess with the coffin full of body parts.  Be careful because the lid always falls down and terrifies everyone!  :)We also had spoken with another member of the staff (could have been another owner as he was dressed pretty professional but we didn't get his name) and he had also told us since we had gone the time before that Eli Roth himself had gone through and changed a bunch of things so it's a completely different experience than the first time.All in all, though, both times myself and my husband had great fun.  The small amount of issues that there were weren't at all enough to stop me from going back again and again.  The staff especially have been amazing.
4	This is the type of thing you go to once just to say you did it.My boyfriend being a huge Eli Roth fan and I loving haunted houses in general meant we had to go.The tickets were $43.50 each for general admission. However, if you are a local you get $15 off per person, which left us paying $57 for the both of us.WARNING: They make you go in groups of 7, so come with a group. Or be prepared to get stuck with some randoms. We were stuck with a group of drunk people, who kind of ruined our experience.As everyone else said, the attention to detail was amazing. I can't believe people are saying they didn't get scared, it definitely scared us. Make sure you look at everything in each room. Everything is done so well. I had a hard time telling what was real and what was fake.Would I return? If they changed up the haunted house, though that probably defeats the purpose. $57 for 15 minutes is pricey. And that's with the discount! We didn't bother going to the bar, after hearing about a cover fee and an $18/drink fee. No thanks. I guess this is geared more for tourists. We had a good time though. Worth checking it out at least once.
5	I am a huge horror fan and Goretorium was amazing! Real scares and shocks at every turn. Sets were perfect, looked scarily real. The effects leave one wondering "how did they do that"? The actors were all professionals at the top of their game. The staff before and after the event were all extremely friendly and seemed wholly enthused about the project. Definitely a must for any horror fan who is willing to just have a good time. I'm so happy that Vegas is coming up with this sort of attraction for those of us who are interested in more than gambling, clubbing, and showgirls. I genuinely hope Goretorium is a successful Vegas attraction for a long, long time to come.
2	This is an update to my previous review.....We went again last night, as sort of a "second chance". The first time we went, we never made it into the attraction because they were "closed due to technical difficulties". That was all well and good, but we were a little upset because the website didn't say that, so we made the trip. And management was so flippant, rude, and uncaring about the whole situation, that I gave it a two star review for poor customer service, but vowed to return and re-review once they had worked the kinks out.So, last night, we went back. First-off, the staff was much friendlier this time, which was nice to see. And we did get to experience the attraction this time, which I was extremely excited about, being a huge fan of the genre.The reason I was so excited, was because the trailer that was released, pre-opening, was so amazing, that I honestly thought that this was going to be a different experience than a standard "haunted house" attraction. The barbershop scene was so realistic in that trailer, that this was on my must-do list.Here's the rub......The trailer had absolutely nothing to do with what was actually inside the attraction. And while the walk-through was decent, it had none of the production values of the trailer, so it felt a lot like a bait and switch. It was all your standard rubber body parts and props, the usual air, water, and loud noise scares, and actors working in and out of the sets doing their best to add realism.It wasn't a bad haunt by any means, and it probably would have warranted an extra star, if it wasn't for the price. But the $40 price tag, is what is causing me to keep it at 2 stars, because it just wasn't worth the money. At $15, this would have been a 4 star review, maybe better. But for that price, and with the misleadingly amazing production value of the trailer, I truly expected a lot more. And unless they update it periodically, once you've seen it, there isn't any reason to go a second time.Baby Dolls Lounge had a lovely view, but it was 59 degrees last night, and there were no space heaters, making it too cold to stay too long.
1	I was stoked to go to the Goretorium.  It was $25 for locals so I brought my bf...  Nothing was scary, all was very corny and cheap.  I expected to get scared at least ONCE.  To top off a waste of money the security guards mistaked my bf for someone who apparently assaulted one of the workers and they manhandled him, cuffed him and left 3 large rug burns on his face along w sore shoulders to be let go after 10 minutes without an apology or reason for anything.  I will do my best to turn people away from this place because of my experience.
1	The fact I actually have to offer a star (when this place doesn't even deserve a star) to write a review is proof that YELP! isn't a perfect place to write an accurate review (& have it confirmed later) ... Never-the-less, like many Las Vegas Locals? I was all excited for Eli Roth's Goretorium; only to be let down in too many ways (from the high admission price, to the poor quality theming found throughout, ending at a lackluster lounge / store, and poorly trained security who are rude to Locals, as well as Tourists!) It's too late to offer Local Discounts (when you're an EPIC FAIL? Accept that & allow Haunted Attraction Fans such as myself to spend our hard earned $ someplace worthwhile - such as Knott's Scary Farm, or Fright Dome where you will get your $ 's worth!) It's too late to make improvements (honestly? Goretorium should've never opened, its not providing needed foot traffic that other Businesses nearby can benefit from, nor is it entertaining!)Its too late to make up for the terrible grand opening (Goretorium Management had every opportunity to work via the local media to apologize and make up for the way Vegas Locals were forced to wait and rudely turned away without an explanation!)One can only hope that current Goretorium Employees find "real jobs" that pay a decent wage before this place is permanently shut down (Vegas Locals deserve more jobs that pay real wages, this place is not one of them!)If Eli Roth has any integrity left, he would legally take his name off this place's sign, the
2	Perhaps my expectations were too high, but who wouldn't expect movie-quality special effects from "Hostel" guru Eli Roth. Unfortunately, it wasn't the "pee you pants" experience they advertise. It was rather, well, ho-hum., been-there, seen-that.Now they spared no expense. The plot and elevator entrance is unique and the wedding chapel and feast stunts were well done. Only they seem to want to show it all off because the lighting was too bright killing some of the suspense.In addition, the actors were lackluster and there was little that was new and inventive. Most bits you can find at other haunted houses in town (only cheaper). These were more elaborate sure but that doesn't mean scarier.In the end, your more likey to smile and laugh then shriek in terror. The terrifying part: It cost $40!! If you feel compelled to give it a shot, buy online, it's $35.
2	Kinda disheartens me to write a negative review of this place, but I've gotta be honest.  The Goretorium isn't anything to write home about..especially with the rediculous price they charge.  Perhaps I've been spoiled attending theme park haunted attractions in my youth and presently living in a city where homeless people shouting in your face with oozing sores is the norm, but I wasn't terrified.  I went alone and after three cups of Fat Tuesday, was totally jaded.  I was put in a group with 4 others and was told by the charming Grim Reaper gentleman at the entrance that I was 'totally f****d."  Awesome.  Totally ready!  As I walked through, the actors paid particular attention to me...which I LOVED!  I, in turn, screamed in their faces and laughed like a deranged hyena.  Oh yeah...and the blood looks like strawberry jam...mmmm!I'd go again if it was free or if the experience lasted more than 15 minutes but if I need to look at rubber body parts, I'll stop by my neighborhood Halloween store.  Eli Roth, if you read this, holla!  You need my help.
2	It's a novelty and it's a fun one, but the wait was ridiculous. One of the staff members told me they had let a handful of people head home and were majorly understaffed as a result. We waited about an hour and a half to go through a maze that lasted about 15 minutes max. When you exit the maze you end up at the Baby Doll Lounge where the drinks are crazy expensive and the music is tragic. The view from the balcony bar  however is great.   It's fun in a touristy kind of way and it helped that we were in the All Hallow's Eve spirit, but I've been to better haunted houses that weren't so exorbitantly overpriced. For drinks and the maze we spent a boatload and that's with the locals discounts. Bummer.
1	This place is over priced & over rated. I wouldn't have minded paying these prices if the place was at the very least a good scare. The set design seemed like it was the best part, but I couldn't tell because we were rushed through it. The actors weren't very impressive, and when they startled you or tried to, it seemed like a bunch of cheap tricks. In the end of the long awaited, and short experience of cheesy haunts and tricks I felt ripped off.  It's just another tourist trap on the strip. Don't go.
2	Consider me jaded, but if the Goretorium's goal is to become THE adult haunted house in the nation, they've got a long road ahead.First of all, the place is pretty damn expensive for a 15 minute Vegas attraction, definitely moreso than haunted houses in general. They say it is an "experience" and that you can take your time to truly enjoy the haunt. That's bullshit, considering every single set piece actor basically tells you to go ahead after their done with their act.It seems the Goretorium wants to attract based on a pedigree of violence. The problem is haunted houses have been springing up all over the country based on the same premise; most notably Chambers of Horror in Atlanta, GA. If the Goretorium came around during the height of Roth's popularity, circa 2005, this would have been a new experience. Instead it's just another name on the list of "adult" haunts.What really disappointed me was that I assumed this would be an amazing experience. Everything on Vegas is blown to larger-than-life proportion, so I naturally assumed a brand new haunted house in Vegas done by a recognized genre director would really set the pace.It didn't.I really don't want to spoil things, but there are a TON of just lazy special effects and poorly thought-out set pieces. I'll give a few pretty obvious examples.- In the very beginning of the haunt, there are two elevator shafts they tell you to avoid. Two big problems here: the illusion of an actual elevator shaft is easily discernible by wear around the edge of the mirror that is set into the wall. You basically see the border of the trick, so to speak. In addition, there is a light elevated about 10 feet into the shaft. It perfectly reflects 10 feet below the shaft. When trying to trick someone, you draw attention AWAY from the product causing the illusion, not TO it. This should be really dark, dark enough for you to casually look and think it is a real elevator shaft you might fall down,- There are two set pieces where a bride gets her armed ripped off and a woman gets her head ripped off. The problem is they just sort of pull and off it goes. There isn't any force behind it. It's just lazy. On top of that, the bride has a slight mist of water that sprays out from literally the opposite direction she's standing at. Why would I get sprayed from the left from an action that happened to my right?- There is a fairly cool set piece right afterwards of a zombie attack of the dinner party. There are all these cool gory dinner meals that have maggots on them. The maggots are a light filter above. There is no sense of dimension obviously.- There is what I can only describe as a "tunnel of guts". Netherworld and tons of other haunted houses have the same thing, a spinning tunnel that is meant to make you nauseous  by creating an optical illusion in the tunnel that messes with your depth perception. In addition, they usually mechanically shake the bridge to make it worse. There is no optical illusion with this that I can tell, just a spinning wall of meat you walk through on a fixed bridge.- There is a reliance on LCD screens for WAY too many things, from the ticket line to the exit. The act that occurs in the elevator is totally ruined by the all-too-obvious glow of LCDs. I can only describe it as that awkward feeling when you see bad CG in a movie.Now, on a positive note, the exit is actually pretty cool. I can only describe it as you being birthed to the exit which leads to an overpriced bar and a cool wall of severed baby heads on saws..Frankly the best part was an awesome white t-shirt with a bloody stain around the neck. You can buy that online. If you're a real horror fanatic like I am, maybe if you have nothing better to do you can see it once just to say you did it. Otherwise, save your money.
5	I absolutely loved this place. I wasn't a huge fan of Eli Roth going into it so I wasn't expecting anything crazy (although there was a girl decked out in Eli Roth fan gear....stage 5 clinger for sure!). I'm a huge haunted attraction enthusiast so I did have a high expectation of being scared out of my wits and Goretorium delivered!  They had actors in costume roaming the hallway outside of the entrance as well as a bar that was open.  Just watching grown men get the crap scared out of them made the wait totally worth it.  We only waited about a half hour to get into the haunt but it went by fast.  I won't post spoilers of the haunted house but it was VERY well put together. It was very professionally done with great special effects. Goretorium has by far the best make up artists working for them. The actors looked so realistic that it was scary (seriously....this one guy looked like he spooned out his eyeball...NO idea how they did it). My friends and I are already planning to go back on Halloween. Rumor is Eli Roth will be one of the actors in the haunt and my friend is a huge fan. Should be interesting! I can't wait to go back!P.S. Be sure to check in on facebook and visit the Baby Dolls Lounge...you get a free drink! Cheers Yelpers!
4	I have to say I was impressed with both the production value and the dedication of the cast paid to make you crap your pants. Its hard to write a review without spoiling the secrets so I won't give specifics on the rooms but trust me Ive been to a lot of these haunts and this one is done right.  The best thing I could say about it is it even made me jump once. My GF wouldnt go through with me so I took her 15yr old daughter who grabbed the back of my shirt and screamed till her voice went out.  My friend works there and said it might take a half hour to get through all the rooms but it all depends on how fast you walk. I was being pushed by her and we made it through in under 20 mins. Cost is a little high for some people but trust me it is worth every penny.Oh it doesnt open till 7pm but the gift shop is always open its free of charge and has alot of cool props in it. Make sure to get a photo in the electric chair...its truely shocking!
3	It was decent enough. I think for the money there are better ones out there. We did VIP which was nice to skip the line. Make sure you ask for your drink tickets for baby doll lounge so ya feel like you get something back. The lounge was pretty small but a good view of the strip. I'd just use your tickets and get out unless paying $15 or more for a drink is your thing. The make up and acting were good, good storyline. I think it will get better over time.
2	I went here with my boyfriend on the night of the Zombie walk as we had planned to go after our Zombie trek from Luxor. We lucked out and went on the night of the Zombie walk all dressed up so drinks at the two bars here were only $5 each. I had one Tequila sunrise at the bar downstairs before going into the Goretorium and later two upstairs at baby dolls lounge after. The adventure through the Goretorium is fun and a neat experience. It is not very scary however as I am a big baby and get scared easily. I found that the actors were less scary/horror and more real/normal. A few times I jumped but not the kind of scares that I had hoped for or have been fearing.The experience is fun and we did get our las vegas locals discount for $25 per person. That is a bit steep for what you get as after tax for two of us it was $57 and some change.The best part of the whole experience was taking photos with the staff, characters and that made it worth the trip.Is just too bad that this is one of those things you only need to do once in a lifetime.I think I will go check out what the Freakling Bros here in town have to offer with their haunted house. I am in need of a real scare where I produce those blood curdling screams of horror and terror!The end of your walk through the Goretorium leads you out to the baby dolls lounge where you can stay for a drink or just leave. The baby dolls lounge is one of those places where they cater to the rich and famous. Many sections were roped off for VIP and they had many staff members with their security headsets that just seem to ruin any sort of relaxed lounge feel. We were even booted from the chairs we were seated at, a security fellow comes over rudely and says to us sorry but I am going to "steal" this table and chairs from you. Yes I shit you not he looks at us and says that while seating another couple. That was rude as fuck and I will not be back and I am a local. I am glad we got to check out the Goretorium before they go out of business. After Halloween shall pass their just won't be enough traffic with the price to get in or the snobbish staff at baby dolls lounge to keep it going. It is all about word of mouth and baby my mouth is big!The two stars are for the Awesome characters that are more than happy to stop and take a photo with you. If not for the cool photos we got I would have been super disappointed with the experience!
5	maybe I'm a sissy la la... but this was the scariest haunted house I've ever been too.  nice effects, scary actors and less jumping out of the dark and more following you and whispering creepy shiz.  i don't know if i can return for fear that i will not make it out alive.
2	A group of us went there a couple of weeks ago.  It was a little disappointing.  First of all it takes about 4 minutes to go through the whole attraction.  The actors found it as cheesy as I did because they had a hard time staying in character.  For $ 40 per person there should have at least been a drink included.  And as far as the cocktails, watch out!  Gratuity is included but the bartenders are hesitant to tell you this.  For 3 of us the tab was $45 per round, with tip included, normal for Vegas but a little shady.  The only reason I'm giving a second star is because the view from the lounge is good.  Would I go back?  No.
1	*Terrible Experience* I would not recommend going to this place ever! We where harassed and not only physically pushed by the security but we where violated by them as well. 5 of us locals decided to come to this haunted house to see what the big ordeal was. We heard many mixed feelings about Goretorium but decided to go to experience for ourselves. To make a long story short during the haunted house my friend decided to pull his phone out to take a picture. He was unaware of the no photography policy hence all the excitement that was going on in the beginning. The security guards then yelled at him to put his phone away and that's exactly what he did. The security then followed us out. As we where leaving we heard obnoxious comments from the actors making derogatory remarks about our sexuality. As soon as we got outside the security started yelling at my friend trying to confiscate his phone. My friend argued with him and said  he took no pictures. I wasn't going to get involved but I was not going to let my friend get harassed by idiots so I asked my friend, "did you take a picture?" and his answer was no. That is when I stepped in. We all started exchanging words then they yelled at us to leave. I said I was not leaving until I speak to a manager.As we where walking to meet the manager one of the security guards shoved 2 of us to the side which made me levied!!! I then proceeded to explain to the manager on what just happened. He was trying to be very sympathetic with us but unfortunately the stupid security behind us where Harassing us and pointed fingers at us like they where children in elementary. The manager then asked the security to leave because they where causing more of a scene then us. Nothing really got resolved because things got more heated as we all kept talking. As we left some of the scary actors outside where very nice and apologetic about the whole situation and calmed us down telling us to don't worry about it and they will see how they can help us out being that we are locals. The nice gentlemen asked me for my business card since I did work in that casino and told me he'll see what he can do and will have someone try and contact me.The point I am trying to make is that yes we understand that my friend made the mistake to take out his phone to take a picture however he never did take any photos and followed the security's direction by putting the phone away but they should of never harassed us to leave, shove 2 of us off to the side, and call us derogatory names about our sexuality. This is sad because we are always very generous in helping out fellow local business. We all know in this economy that we should all help each other out to stay in business, however with the kind of experience we received......none of our help will be offered.  All 5 of us work on the strip and I can assure you we will tell not only our friends and family not to go to this place but I can assure you we will tell all our customers, clients and fellow friends in this industry to never come here ever!This place won't last!p.s. Thank you to the 2 scary monsters outside who calmed us down =) you have my business card. Come into any one of my stores and I will take care of you!
5	As a HUGE horror freak and of course Eli Roth fan, I was beyond thrilled to get a chance to check this place out. As soon as I heard it was opening I bought my ticket and booked my trip. Now I won't say anything that might ruin it for you...no spoiler alerts here! The maze is simply awesome for lack of a better word. I go to Universal Studios every Halloween and I love it but they've got nothing on Goretorium. There was just two of us in my party and as the General Manager told me later while chatting "There is safety in numbers" ...let's just say that for a girl who has watched horror movies since a baby and laughs, I'm a bit embarrassed at how much I screamed. I even screamed in the bathroom which is in the lounge and safely out of the maze! Once you make it through the maze you are in the Baby Doll Lounge. The waitresses were all sweet and very friendly. The speciality drinks are a little pricey but I suggest trying at least one (preferably Eli's Blood) because they are delicious! Then you can switch to the regular mixed drinks which are all just as good because they have a great bartender. Also, the lounge has the perfect decor for any horror fan and very pretty view of the strip. There are a couple TVs playing some special clips from classic horror to modern day films.And lastly. I know some people have said it's a one time experience kind of thing but they will be missing out because I hear that they will change it up every so often. Either way, I will be returning every time I'm in Vegas and you should too.  ***They really paid attention to every detail and with the brillliant mind of Eli Roth and amazing staff that I had the pleasure meeting this weekend, I have very high hopes for this place and just know it will only get bigger and better.***
3	For the cost of entry... as well as the overall experience... I have definitely had better.. The actors/actresses were well dressed and the makeup and overall environment screams scary.. however, once the experience was done... it was done.Looking back and going through that maze... it was nice.... but that's it... just nice. nothing extraordinary that popped out.. and with how much it cost to go through that? umm... wow.. not worth it in my opinion.
3	Came here for the grand opening night (free yay! + saw Eli Roth yay!).Things were pretty cool for the most part, but I was kinda expecting more. Coming from the mind of Eli Roth, I was expecting more f'd up shii. There were some rooms that were entertaining (ie. the wedding and reception rooms) but aside from that -- you are kept begging for more imagination.The lounge at the end of the haunted house is alright. The view is nice, but it's not as poppin' as you would expect. The whole place just seems to gimmicky outside of October. However, it was fun watching little people run around and zombie go-go dancers fight.Not sure how long this place is going to be able to stay in business, but they need to figure out how to become relevant year-round.
5	i went here on a whim after filming a zombie movie in the desert. i had heard about it, but didn't know much about it. i ended up having so much fun and loving every second! we showed up around 9 with a group of 11 and ended up staying until it closed! LOVED the decor in the Lounge once you get through (wish I could buy it) and the view of the strip was awesome. I went first in my group and mostly laughed since my friends do this for a living, but I also totally jumped and screamed too. i think the end freaked me out the most. they have some good hiding spots! enjoyed watching the movie clips in the lounge too, made me update my Netflix queue. the bathroom was a nice touch. will definitely be going back next time i'm in town!
5	Do you embrace your dark side? Enjoy the sight of crazed maniacs feasting on the flesh of a still living and screaming victim? Fantasize about being relentlessly chased through a dank basement and into a giant meat grinder by a psycho with a chainsaw? Then the Goretorium will be quite a treat for you.Brainchild of Hostel creator Eli Roth, the Gen X King of Dismemberment, the Goretorium is a wild mash up of every hard "R" horror film you can imagine set in the mysterious basement of the mythical Delmont Hotel, where they check in but they don't check out - at least not with all of their organs intact. I purchased the "Death Row" VIP pass for $55 and found it to be money well spent. Yes, that's a fair chunk of change. Yes, it is only about a 20 minute experience. But what an experience it was! And for my $55 I got to skip the lines and wander the foreboding Delmont all by myself - well, me and about two dozen bloodthirsty monsters and squealing victims. The VIP pass also got me free admission and a drink (a well drink, not specialty drink) at Babydoll's, the attached club. Babydoll's is a great little hangout with panoramic views of the Strip, a caged zombie go-go dancer and drinks served in blood-rimmed cups. In addition to the free drink, I ordered the specialty drink Eli Roth's Blood for $16.22 - $20 with tip. Pricey but quite good. Make a stop by the gift shop on your way out. There you can buy specimens in a jar, severed limbs, and demon dolls. Final verdict? Put this on the top of your to-do list in Vegas. It's not cheap but a better use of your money than flushing it down a slot machine. And it's a great fun - as long as murder and mayhem are your idea of a good time.
3	This is not scary by any means and basically all gore. I was surprised that they split up my group and had to go with people I didn't know. Maybe it helped that I had a little liquid courage heading through this gore fest (hey, its VEGAS) But the main question is...would I do it again? Yes but I wouldn't pay the price of my discounted ticket.
4	I love a good scare.  Being familiar with Eli Roth's work and his penchant for gore, it was a no-brainer to check out his Goretorium conveniently located across the street from where we were staying, the Cosmopolitan, while Carol W and I were in town on vacation.  We had discount passes from Travelzoo, so it made for a much less, almost Vegas local priced, albeit still not cheap, hours worth of entertainment.  I won't give up any spoilers, but suffice it to say, there's good fun from beginning to end.  To be honest, Eli Roth's Goretorium is more shock & gore than actually scary.  The gf and I actually found ourselves laughing, but in a good way, as we enjoyed the clever, "haunted house" that utilized Hollywood-style makeup and special effects to create an immersive "goretorium".  If you want to be scared, then take a pass on this.  If gore mixed with the occasional good startle gets your pulse going, then Eli Roth's Goretorium is for you.  However, check it out now, because I can't see this place staying in business for too much longer since Halloween is a long way away.
4	If you're a horror fan you should definitely check out Goretorium.  It is much scarier than Halloween Horror Nights.  It is somewhat overpriced at $40 but you can pick up 1/2 price tickets at one of the Half-Price show tickets stands along the strip.
4	Most of my fellow Yelpers have covered what I would also say; it's hard to find and a little pricey.  Yes, it's overpriced, but it's Vegas.  Everything is overpriced!That being said, I had a blast there and can't wait to go again during my next Vegas trip.  I'm almost never scared, and this place had me genuinely freaked-out and got me to jump many times!  We had the VIP tickets which included a separate entrance and two drinks at the Baby Doll Lounge.  The view at the Lounge is amazing; nice place to unwind after 15 minutes of terror!
2	So bummed!!!I am a huge horror fan and love Eli Roth's love of gore, so, I had high hopes for this place.  I heard about the opening back a few months ago and made a mental note to not miss it on my next visit to Vegas...which was last week.We walked over shortly after arriving to our hotel just to check it out and make sure we knew where it was...we wouldn't be coming back for the attraction for a couple of days.  I have to say I was a wee bit bummed right from the start.  Many of the props in the main area are very generic...the kind of junk anyone can buy online at Halloween.  I throw a big Halloween party every year so I know that props are very important to setting the mood.  Many of these had seams...someone could have taken a pair of scissors or a blade to them to cut the seam down to make them look more realistic.  Also, the Bloody Mary bar was less than impressive...like an after thought.  The only thing that kept me excited as I walked around was the mean and vulgar Evil Santa.  She was scary in a hysterical, schizo kinda way.  We were given 2 $5 off coupons as we walked out.So, the day comes when I finally get to experience The Goretorium.  I am super pumped and slightly terrified.  We pay our money...which is expensive, but if you are in Vegas you probably shouldn't be counting your every dollar...and are told to proceed up the stairs.  At the top of the stairs there is a rope stopping us from proceeding...we wait...and wait....and wait....and wait.  It felt like a good 5 minutes before my husBAND got irritated and walked back down, but as he turned someone came to greet us.  Weird start, but whatevs.I really thought this was going to be like walking through a giant haunted hotel with elaborate sets, etc.  An attraction that you could, at times, take your time through to marvel at the fantastic gore.  It wasn't.  It was several rooms set up with various themes.  Rooms that you are rushed through at a ridiculous speed.  People are writing that they were in there for 15 minutes...I am positive that I was out in 7 minutes once first greeted at the top of the stairs.  Again, the props inside were mostly kinda meh.  However, the actors are amazingly terrifying!!!  I wish they had not rushed us through so quickly, but I absolutely loved the interactions with them.  They are so mean and twisted and don't hold back with the insults.  LOVE IT!!!  A gazillion stars for these guys and gals!!!At the end of the attraction you stumble upon the Baby Doll bar.  Eh?  It looked like a temporary bar set up in a tiki hut with some fake blood splashed everywhere.  We didn't even stop for a drink.Overall, my impression was that the attraction ran out of money while in the midst of building.  I can see where big dreams started, but then in the end it all appeared kind of thrown together.  A huge let down for something I expected to be the haunted house to end all haunted houses.  The actors are amazing, though...they really get your heart pumping!!!I would probably advise friends to skip it, but I would probably return if they were to add to the attraction and make it longer and slightly more scary.
5	I must admit that I put off going here due to initial unfavorable reviews. My out of town best friend insisted he wanted to give it a shot, so I obliged. When we arrived on a Friday night it was pretty much empty. There was one small group of people ahead of us. We snapped pictures with the naughty evil elf Candy and various body parts that were laying around. We purchased our tickets which came out to $48 for two with local discount including tax. We were ushered up a flight of stairs and told to wait. While waiting, a fake local news story keeps playing on the TV that was mounted to the wall. It talks about a serial killer uncovered in Vegas and all the crazy stuff they found in his home. It reallllly set a creepy vibe for me, even with some liquid courage. We were then taken to the actual haunted house and it was very well done. The actors were on point and great..never once breaking character or being cheesy. You could tell they took their jobs seriously. You can't really take your time to look around and admire all of the details put into this place as you are pushed through at what seems to be a timed pace, but I liked what I did see. When you come out you're in front of the Babydoll Lounge...it is a cool little lounge with a great view of the strip. Ladies, don't let the bathroom freak you out like it did me. When you go into the stall a motion sensor will go off and make a camera shutter noise as if there is a spycam and then a voice will say something to the effect of "we got to stop meeting like this"... I first screamed, then laughed. Well done. We later moved to the Bloody Mary bar where the bartender was friendly enough, but let us enjoy our drinks and conversation in peace. After spending an hour or so at the bar, as we are leaving a member of their management team approached us and asked about our experience. I thought that was a major plus.
4	Being a fan of scary I was looking forward to going to this Haunt on the strip, and I was not disappointed. The haunt was really cool, with so many actors inside it and being themed for the holidays made it so much better!I got to see the Christmas haunt and it is supposed to be up until just after Christmas...may I say run to see it before it is changed back to normal scary...The elves, the gingerbread men and the nutcracker with the machine gun were awesome!!!! Totally funny, scary and wild at the same time.I loved the gory musical chairs happening in the front room, and the people working the place staying in character throughout the experience.The best kept secret on the strip is the babydoll bar/lounge they have set up at the end of the haunt(take the secret passageway to the baby doll lounge through the gift shop) The BEST VIEW of the strip and the wildest entertainment from the haunts characters I had the pleasure of experiencing.The pacing was a bit off, but it is a bit like a play you are in, so it probably has its shows that are good and better.If you can go in smaller groups like 2 or 3 would be best so that the actors can reset.RUN to see this place as soon as you can...it is so much fun!Don't forget the locals discount ;)
5	If you want to have the bejesus scared out of you, this is your place, not a family friendly place. If you want a taste if what awaits you on the inside, just step into bar on the first floor. You will see that the natives are very restless. After you have been initiated in the bar, get your ticket and enter the attraction. After you have been thru and sufficiently disturbed, stop by the Baby Doll Lounge for  a most welcome breath of fresh air, and a most needed touch of the creature, in the form of the many house created cocktails.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I'm a local and come here often. But, not for the haunted house. It's a neat place with plenty to look at. The shop also has a good stock of tops and jewelry. The baby doll lounge upstairs has a nice view; and bathrooms where the lights flicker, the mirrors bleed, and you hear screaming. The Staff, Bartenders, and Characters are also a lot of fun to hang out and chat with. Tim the Bartender, in particular, is awesome and very social with the guests. He'll fix you something great and also experiments and hands out freebies. The entire place can also easily be a photographer's dream as well. The haunted house is the usual haunted house but will still give you a good jump and scream here and there.
5	We tried to trek to the Goretorium before Halloween, but family sickness held us back.  I quickly forgot about the oddity until the End of the World event last week.  I have to say, I'm quite impressed and can't wait to go back again.  I was expecting haunted house + gross gore.  That is essentially what we got.  What I didn't expect were holiday themes!  Since Christmas is just around the corner, rather than being the typical Halloween themed ghost, vampires, zombies, etc., this place was decked out as the workshop of St. Nick's evil brother.  The sets were fantastic, and the attention to detail throughout each room was impressive.   We saw one woman jump and turn around and run out before "the tour" even started (we got a scare that made some  of us jump before we even entered the main event).  If you like haunted houses, this is a treat.  I love the actors wandering around acting quirky and creepy before you enter.  It makes the wait in line nearly as entertaining as the maze itself.  And, the fact that the tour dumps you at a bar that overlooks the strip in all it's ridiculous glory (complete with creepy zombie/demons wandering around) - icing on the bloody cake.  If you hate haunted houses just skip right out to the bar where you can enjoy the juxtaposition of a view of the picture-perfect strip with the tourists and club-goers dressed to the nines, while over your shoulder is a wall of baby doll heads, a virginal sacrifice, and the sweet caress of goblin breath on your neck.
2	Seriously, I was soooo amped! Alas, like a girl dating a man with E.D. I was let down : (Upon trekking 42 miles from Cosmo and walking past the man with who lets you kick him in the balls for 20$ youll find this little gem. Normally I am alll about scary crap, and upon entering I was 50/50. Mainly bc the characters were a little obnoxious... I get it... your a chubby drunk lady.... but what was scary about that? PAUSE... Once I stood in line we were allowed up the stairs and had our little photo op (WE SERIOUSLY HAVE THE BEST PHOTO! CHECK IT OUT!) We have to go through this area and Doug was voted to go first. one fright led to waiting on the stairs, where I was now mysteriously leading, for about 5 minutes. I felt awkward but we were finally let up. Idk if I was more afraid of falling through the floor, or something falling on me but we were directed to stand in the middle. Fast forward to IMHO the scariest part: THE ELEVATOR. I'm hella claustrophobic and scared of elevators in general so I was basically shitting my pants on this one, all whilst April was laughing her ass off... thanks girl!Once again I led, we went through diff things and I wasnt scared. I honestly got kinda bored! I know! WEIRDO!! I think I was more grossed out by things that looked really unsanitary (Ex Health Dept worker lol!) and thought it was funny to see some random backpack over by "sick nick" I like some of the small details they did, even the smells! HOPEFULLY THEY WERE INTENTIONAL! But I wasnt the least bit scared. It was however gorey and bloody which I can appreciate. Towards the end theres a black tunnel looking thing, in order to go through you have to get on your knees (Uhhh sorry, I only get on my knees for one thing hunty!) so I just pushed my way through, yay! That spilled into Babydolls which was ok, the view was awesome but it was chilly and the drinks were weakkkkk!Would I go back? Maybe! But not for 25$!
4	Great value specially with my groupon. However I would not pay full price. They take small groups of 6 through the delmont hotel, some scares but not that many. Honestly I was more scared walking up to the baby doll lounge and using the restroom. Also, we got their at 7:20 and had to wait till 8pm because they were in an intermission.
4	This is only reveiw for the tix booth! I didnt get a chance cuz we found it on our way outta town and didnt have time go check it out...but it will be my first stop back in lv. The decor. Was mad cool...i bought some leather jewelry. If ur into freks and scares CHECK IT OUT! A UNQUE LAS VEGAS THRILL!
1	Just stay away. Dont go. The only thing people are screaming for is their money back. This place has GREAT detail, but is so cheesy and hoaky, it makes morning radio look like it should have an emmy. Even the actors knew it was bad! Bloody Mary couldnt get the crowd any bit excited for a mediocre attraction. The "elevator" employee put his head down in shame. $35 to go through, not even work $5.
5	awesome!!
2	Being an actress at one of the premier haunts in Southern California, I have high expectations for haunts. I went to Las Vegas this past weekend with a fellow horror fan and was THRILLED to hear they had a year round haunt! Once I heard, there was no doubt that I would be going inside.We got there and paid $28.50 to go inside after our $5 off coupon. I was impressed with the pictures on the walls, the music, and the creepy solo actress they had outside as people waited in line. The line was short, but we still waited almost an hour to get in as they only let in groups of 5 or 6 at a time. I was okay with that as I knew it gave each group a chance to really experience the house and have a more intimate experience.Upon entering the house you have to watch a LOOONNNGGG newscast that lost my attention, but I was still excited to get in. After the newscast you go upstairs and are met by a bellhop who gives you some back story. After listening to him you enter an elevator which has an operator... this is where it started going poorly. The actress was trying, but had little to go off of.When you actually get inside the house and start going from room to room the detail in the props is extraordinary. They really put a lot of time and detail into how the place looked, I was looking around to try and get possible ideas for next year at my haunt. I was very impressed with how well the places was decorated.The acting at the Goretorium was a joke, I am a self proclaimed chicken and not hard to frighten and I did not even jump one single time. The girls screams were lame, the one liners were lame and actually made me laugh. I didn't pay to go to a comedy show. They had the same actors from room to room and just NO energy coming from them, It was only 9PM or so, which should have been the peak of the night.They had a couple of cool special effects such as a guy disappearing and a girl legitimately looking cut in half, but even then her screams were forced. They didn't have many actors, and the actors just didn't seem to try. As for the actors' makeup, they might as well not have had any on. For how well the place itself was decorated and being in Las Vegas you would think some time would be put into their makeup, but it wasn't.I would have been more satisfied had it only cost me $10-$15. It left a lot to be desired. I wouldn't waste time going... just not worth it.
4	Came to Vegas on a company bonding trip and headed to the Goretorium on a Sunday night to pee our pants in fear together. If you're into haunted houses and want to do something other than gamble, go to a snobby ass nightclub, or a snobby ass strip club, this is cool alternative. The whole premise of the haunted house revolves around the story of a murderous couple who owned the hotel. Apparently there's also some kind of serial killer on the loose. There was a woman eating her newborn baby's head (umbilical cord still attached and all) and a bunch of messed up randomness that will make you feel oogie. Overall, I thought it was fairly well done. It reminded me one of the mazes at Universal's Halloween Horror Nights, with less professional looking make-up. All the actors in the maze were very into it, even though I'm guessing Sunday night isn't a popular night for them. Oh! There's a cool photo-op before you enter the maze. Might not be worth it if it's just you and a friend, but if it's a group of people, I think it's worth the money to shell out to purchase. I personally look terribly hilarious in the picture and it is now hanging up on our office wall. TIP: There are Goretorium workers hanging out on the street near Planet Hollywood and the bridge that connects that casino with the Aria handing out $5 coupons off the price of admission.
5	I was terrified from start to finish and may or may not have made the wall of fame because of it. Everyone in my group was on the verge of tears so if you're in Vegas and you like to be scared you have to visit. The only downside is that it's rather difficult to find.
4	My girlfriend and I are huge haunted attraction fans, so naturally, Goretorium is of interest to us when we are in town. Coupled with the fact that the G also is home to a bar with a great view of The Strip - Baby Dolls Lounge - it's definitely a spot we like to frequent!Goretorium opened in October last year, and we visited then; this past weekend, we returned to see how it was holding up since opening and post-Halloween season. We were prepared for the worst, but were VERY pleased and excited to see that it's holding up quite nicely, and in several ways, is actually better now than when it first opened!There are deals online as far as discounts go, so do your research before buying.The attraction is a large maze experience with great scenes and fun gory visuals along the way. The budget for this was about $10 million, which is huge for a haunted attraction. For SoCal visitors, I'd equate this to the quality of maze you find each year at Universal Studios Hollywood's Halloween Horror Nights. The length of experience is about 15-20 minutes and the talent (monsters) is really good. Definitely worth a visit, and if you are a haunt fan, this is a must-see when you are in town.At the exit of the maze is Baby Dolls Lounge, the Goretorium's full bar with a startlingly awesome view of the Las Vegas Strip, Cosmopolitan and CityCenter. Heat lamps keep guests toasty on cold nights at this horror-themed bar, which features regular and signature drinks. Eli's Blood is especially tasty, which I recommend, as well as Blue Death! NOTE: Guests wanting to visit Baby Dolls Lounge do NOT have to go through the maze itself; it is open to the public.Goretorium is Vegas' only year-round haunted attraction, so horror fans can get their fix any time they pass through Sin City!By the way - the bathrooms are fully-themed and awesome! No spoilers here; just venture in and experience them for yourself!
3	Good place.  To be honest not worth 48$ for 2 people.  Kind of steep for 10-15 minutes.  Plus the Photo charge.  I know they need to make $ because how many times would a person go back for the same expectations of a chainsaw around the corner (well probably morre than a few).  I just think that if it was cheaper they could attract repeat business.  15$ per person seems reasonable.  Or if they charge $20+ dollars give them a drink ticket at least you will keep them in your establishment drinking.  Overall I did scream a couple times and its a good date spot!
5	This place is great! It is a little on the pricey side for the evening admission (the day time is without monsters and just a walk through) there is a guy out front that hands out a $5 discount, so it's manageable. I asked if there was anything we could do for additional discount because it was my friend's 30th birthday. They couldn't do an additional discount, but they gave us a few 2-for-1 drink discounts. The place was a lot of fun too, it's a decent walk through, with a lot of attention to detail. The actors are really fun and really get into their characters. They're not afraid to be rude to you and fully get into things. A lot of places that do stuff like this hold back, but this one was really a lot of fun. I know some people say it's not worth the price, but if this is the sort of thing you are into you'll appreciate the acting and the details and it IS in fact worth it. Also, the people running it are SUPER nice and awesome. My friend and I both bought a picture at the end and they printer was having issues, so we only got the first picture out and they were working on the printer. It was closing and I felt bad, so I asked if I could just pay the difference and get a hat. They just let me have the hat, mind you, the second picture is only $5 extra and a hat is like $20. So my friend and I leave and we're like 8 stores down the line as they come running out to us because they got the printer working and gave us our picture. So we got a hat for free and they RAN out and found us to give us the picture. I've never had service that nice ANYWHERE. I totally recommend this place, for the scares, the atmosphere, and the AWESOME people!
3	We went shortly after opening so there were not many people there.  The concept is excellent and the draw you in factor was great.  We had never heard of it before but I am a big horror/gore fan.  I thought this was fun, but not spooky.  The effects are elaborate but there was very little of the shock factor.  We saw some of the same characters so many times that we felt like were at a reunion.  For my taste, there was too much interaction/talking by the actors and too little boo!  There were a couple of times we lingered checking out the sets *L*  Good attraction if you have a coupon for it.
4	As one of those rabid horror fans who eats this kind of stuff up, I almost felt obligated to give this 5 stars. But, you know, "in the interest of fairness" and all... I think something around 4 is more than generous. I came here with my gf and a friend around 2pm. $5 BLOODY MARYS! And they're fucking amazing! And it's from a mix, which almost makes it better since most mixes suck,. Anyway, we were informed that the actual attraction won't be open until 5pm, but we had the option of doing a day tour and then coming back later for the big show. Sounded good to me, so we got combo tickets for $28. Do whatever you can to get that good of a deal, because the whole shebang ain't worth full price. The day tour was cool. Our guide told us about the "history" of the hotel - cannibalism, torture, sausage grinders - while we got to see the props and bloody stages before they were dressed for the night. This was definitely worth it if you're a total fucking nerd like me who wants to see the inner working of the maze. We came back later than night for the real deal. After a brief wait, our group was escorted upstairs and off we went. The show they put on was a lot of fun. It isn't so much scary (although my gf would probably disagree) as it was extremely entertaining in a Gran Guignol kinda of way. Lots of theatrics and screaming and bloody murder and cool trick effects. I enjoyed it more than most haunted mazes because you could tell these performers are very much into what they do. There's a lounge outside once it ends, but we walked out to find no one there and it was kinda lame. I'd suggest skipping that and drinking elsewhere.
3	Took me 5 different visits to finally check this place out.  Attempt #1:  With my daughter the day after grand opening. Daughter chickened out.Attempt #2:  My teenager and I came back 4 days later.  She found out that Justin Bieber was here for the grand opening.  That inspired her to give it another try. We arrived and she again chickened out because they told us that the sounds and characters were realistic.Attempt #3:  Homeboy was in town and was down for this.  But too much drinking earlier in the day got him too sick. We were concerned that he'd lose it and create his own Goretorium.Attempt #4:  Yelp event that sounded cool.  I had to cancel because I had to head out of town for work.Attempt 5:  Finally, I made it.  Was at PH with a friend to play poker and ended up here.  After all the attempts, I have to say it was just okay.  Maybe all the hype ruined it for me, but I didn't find it scary at all.  But it's not a haunted house that's meant to scare.  It's more of a gore exhibit created to gross you out.  As you walk in, you're always anticipating something that may pop out. Yes, the blood, props, and gore all looked real.  Some areas are tight and in a way you can feel cramped or claustrophobic.  Overall, would say it was just okay and will probably come back just to see what the next theme is like.  What really brings the rating down is the price, which is about $50 for two.  If it was cheaper, I'd probably rate them a little higher.
3	I went with a few girlfriends for a night out, using groupons that made the entrance fee $17.  We had a fun time, but I probably would have been less thrilled had I paid full price (even at the locals' rate).As echoed by other reviewers, there was much more gore than scare (hence the name, no?).  Pretty much everything that happened was expected, though there were a couple surprises.  The actors were generally ok, though I do wonder how they can scream at the top of their lungs for extended periods!  Bravo!I absolutely loved the lounge that you are "dumped" into at the exit.  The views are spectacular and the bar was decent.  We enjoyed watching people exit the attraction as we sipped on our cocktails.All said, it was a fun experience, yet not one I'm likely to repeat.Here's a tip for those driving: Park in the PH parking garage (I always take Koval to Harmon to Audrie), walk through the miracle mile shops out to LVB, and make a left.  The Goretorium is up the escalator above the Walgreens.  Super easy.
5	The Goretorium is hands down the best "haunt" I've ever been to. It uses many of the same tricks and scares that other haunts have but everything here feels more effective. The main reasons for this is very simple; you walk through the haunted hotel in very small groups where you can take more time to take in the sights and sounds. This also means that the actors have more time to spend with YOU, and this makes a world of difference. The actors here do so much more than just jump out of corners; they actually interact with you. I would say more but I don't want to give anything away!
3	Maybe it was because I went a little early on a Friday night (8 PM), but my friends and I were a little disappointed in the place.  Baby Dolls might have been a better venue if it wasn't  one of the windiest and coolest days (it is outside) we have had in weeks.  The staff were very nice and helpful and we do plan on going back in late spring.
5	Being a massive Eli Roth Fan I could hardly wait to get here! We went out on the strip early and stopped by around noon to look around.  My hands were literally shaking with anticipation!  We purchased two t-shirts and took some pics sitting in the electric chair.    Came back later and went through the haunt with my boyfriend, my daughters and another couple.  It was hard to contain my excitement! I was jumping around and clapping my hands and laughing! I wonder if the talent worried I was the crazy one! My one daughter (age 9) almost freaked out but she's a tough cookie so we all made it through alive, with her even sassing some of the resident psychos of the Delmont Hotel! She came out with a huge smile and so did I! Loved the interactions and every character was great! I won't spoil any of the moments for you but there were some shocking and messy scenes complete with appropriate smells and sounds! Gag worthy for those who aren't used to Gore!   Looking forward to going again and seeing different set ups through different Holidays! Can't wait to go back with my best friend who is an ever bigger Roth fan than myself!  All in all it was an amazing time, we were very entertained and loved the experience! Well worth the trip!! Thank you Goretorium for a great and memorable time!
2	I stumbled upon this place with my girlfriend and after a few drinks it sounded like a fantastic idea. The price was a bit high, but the staff there sure did sell it well, so we decided to go for it.We stood in line for 1 hour and 15 minutes, in a hot stairwell. So needless to say, going through the haunted house, sobering up and bored out of my mind wasn't the most entertaining experience I ever had.Was it worth the $60? Probably not.
5	Another awesome night here! Where else can you go to a fun haunted house in February! Great staff, excellent sets, enthusiastic performers, and it ends in a bar with an awesome view of the strip! What more can you ask for?
3	My husband had a groupon for here and we're huge horror fans so we had to check this out at some point.There were some great parts to the tour like the exorcism in the lobby and the elevator ride but otherwise it was pretty uninspired. It wasn't much different than any other Halloween maze. The actors were fun but most of the scares were the typical jump out at you stuff.The baby doll lounge at the top had an amazing view and the beer prices were great for the strip. That is worth visiting and I will return to that. You can go to that without going on the tour. All in all it was worth going through once at the half off groupon price, not the full price. I expected more from Eli Roth.
2	I think of myself as one who likes a good scare just slightly more than the next and I am highly fascinated with blood, guts and gore, however, Eli Roth you failed to scare me! The sets were fashioned in typical Vegas style (which is better than some scary sets I've experienced, and the actors were enthusiastic enough, but I didn't jump one time- My heart didn't race, I wasn't afraid to enter the next room and I was bummed out by the DISCOUNTED rate of $25 bucks that I paid. I was more afraid walking through Downtown Vegas during the day than I was walking through the Goretorium. Oh... and the bar you exit into was quiet - not happening at all. Took in the nice view for a second then was outta there.If you're a horror fan, like to be scared, fascinated or intrigued by death, go on a ghost tour or something but don't spend your money here.
5	Awesome exhibit.  If you're a horror fan, you have to go, but if you're a horror fan, you would already know that.This is basically your standard haunted house, but done with a much higher degree of special effects and professionalism.I won't spoil what happens inside, but the backstory is that a crazy family used a hotel as a cover for their murderous habits.  The effects are great and the actors inside get really into it and put on a great show.  Copious amounts of blood and simulated mutialation and torture to satiate any jaded gore hound out there, and for the less grizzled, well there's a safe word.The bar, Baby Dolls, is attached to the show.  If you want to sit and watch the strip surrounded by macabre horror decor, that's the place to go.  Just be prepared for strip priced drinks.  Personally, I would just pass on it and either leave or go to the gift shop.One of the things I enjoyed most was talking to the staff afterwards in the gift shop, where I bought a tshirt.  Horror fans all, we had a long discussion about our favorite obscure horror gems.  The three girl staff members and I discussed Romero vs. Fulci, Audition, Cannibal Holocaust, a Serbian film, and other horrific favorites of ours.I heard they change the show around every couple of months, I will definitely return the next time I am in Vegas.
3	I didn't actually go to the Goretorium, I went to the Baby Doll Lounge (named aptly for the huge amount of baby doll heads on the walls) upstairs. So my review is actually for there, but it was not listed as a separate area. You can see the baby doll lounge area if you look straight up walking from the Harley Davidson bridge to the building with the Goretorium in it. When you first walk in to the venue, you can go slightly left of the ticket booth and go up the stairs to the baby doll lounge. Make sure to check out the random interactive horror type stuff in the hallways. Try not to jump when the container jumps at you when you go by!Came here on a Friday night for some friends spinning and had a pretty good time. Most nights here are free with no cover, and I think they have the occasional headliner. Most excellent view from the open balcony with seating along it (mostly comfy little square cubes) and some booths. The bathrooms have a nice attendant, and though small were super clean. I'm guessing they have special hookah nights, because of all the hookahs in the background-they weren't out this night for some reason though.The venue was small as far as venues go, or maybe it extended further but it was roped off this night-I'll have to go back and check some more. I went on a First Friday night to check out the open format EDM, and had a pretty good time, and I'm thinking I'm going to check out the Dance Therapy Monday nights-didn't fully read the flier. The drinks were average price, but I'm sure you could bring a group here and get some special rates. I wish they spent a little more money on a surround sound system that didn't sound so empty in the big balcony area. I also didn't take note if they served food.But like I said, I mainly enjoyed the southern facing view of the strip, had a few drinks, snapped a few pics and continued on with the night. Would I stay there all night? Probably not, but perfectly great place to make  a pit stop on a roving party adventure. Hope that helps! Cheers!~MikeB
3	Hallowing in March!  What could be better?  First of all this place is hidded on a second level that I never knew was there!  I want to go back when I have more time to take it all in.   Visited on a Saturday night and there was a pretty big line....but rest assured there is a bar right there to serve you while you wait.  There is an electric chair when you first walk in-the couple I was with said that it actually shocks you if you try to sit in it for pictures.  Thank goodness I was with someone who had been there before because stupid me would have been the one to get the ass-shock. lol  The music was killer (pardon the pun) but where else can you enjoy some Rage Against the Machine and angry music! :)  While in line you can see the bloody pieces of dismembered bodies to take pictures with.  Gross but fun.  The spook of the thing wasnt too scary but I did scream a few times.  Its just fun.  I totally want to go back.  At the end it leads you to this Babydoll lounge that overlooks the strip.  Nice view to kick back and have a drink...and enjoy the music.  The best part is all the bloody tables and seats which makes you hesitate before sitting down. haha.  All in all a super fun experience.  I definitely recommend the Groupon though....because Im not so sure that the real "tourist" price is justified.  I think they have a local discount if you tell them too.  Check it out...you'll be glad you did. ;)
1	We had a Groupon for this. Still feel we overpaid. Rather boring, not scary. Though some of the props were way cool, the actors were terrible. Not to mention the whole thing lasts roughly 17 minutes. Meh, I wouldn't go back. Can't believe they actually have annual passes for this. Why???? I think this place will close fairly soon.
2	This is a MUST-SEE place for horror fans from around the world, but get here fast because I'll be surprised if it stays open for more than a year. The actual haunted maze is beautiful once you get inside, however there are several factors that make this place a real nightmare to deal with. First - The Price. We bought our VIP tickets online for $60 a piece. $120 for a 15 minute horror maze is too much, unless one of the chicks inside is giving out bloody old fashioneds. The decor is all top notch, but service sucks. Upon arrival we were told to stand in one line, we waited 30 minutes for our VIP access while we watched the regular line moving quickly. After the maze you are kicked out into the Baby Doll Lounge for which there was supposed to be a cover...that's why we paid the extra $$$ but I didn't see anybody paying shit to get in there, so why did we pay then? Makes no sense.Second - The Staff at the Baby Doll Lounge. We were greatest pleasantly by a cute waitress in a doll themed costume - personally I think she should have been a little bloodier- never offered us a drink menu, which we saw other guests being handed. The place was empty. The view of the strip is awesome, but the whole bar is exposed to the outside along one wall, so it will be interesting to see how it does once the wind and rain hit in the winter.  Took us over 20 minutes to get our first round of drinks. The decor is cool, but nowhere near the level of downstairs. Needs more gore, blood, bones to make it more special. The website and everything I've read says there were supposed to be zombie go-go dancers there but we never saw any. Kind of disappointing as I really have a dead chick fetish. We sipped our drinks but after 30 minutes our waitress never returned, other guests around us were bitching about service, so we went to the bar to close our tab and leave. Apparently, according to the staff, a new POS system had been installed but none of the servers could access it, so ordering and paying became a horrific scenario.Third - VIP Experience = Bullshit. We're kitschy people and love having those souvenir photos taken, and we would have dropped the cash for one in a second had we know they even offered this here. From what we can tell if you get in the regular line you get your photo take in front of some red drapes with a scary little person...we had no idea this opportunity even existed until we were leaving and saw the screens by the gift shop, which leads me to the final disappointment...Four - The Gift Shop. All the hype said this was going to be the ultimate gift shop for horror fans. I've been reading Fangoria since issue #3 and Rue Morgue since issue #2...I'm an award winning filmmaker and a horror novelist. I eat, drink, sleep, breath, and shit HORROR. My dick was hard for what the potential slew of merch that awaited me. Now the decor on the shop is wicked, but the shop itself is just a few piles of t-shirts and hoodies with the Goretorium logo. There were a few keychain a scattered about, some shot glasses, one set of shelves filled with dusty Living Dead Dolls, a few books laid on a cart and a few bloody  body parts at the register. Rather disappointing if you ask me. Whoever is stocking this place needs to do some research. If you are truly building a world wide destination for horror fans then put some shit in here we really want. Maybe some autographed Eli Roth stuff, maybe some really high end shit like Goretorium scenes reenacted with dead mice like the chick from Oddities: San Francisco makes, maybe let me buy that headless torso with the great set of tits on it, maybe signed 1st edition horror books, bloody & sexy Baby Doll lounge stuff for our women to wear, maybe Goretorium condoms with packaging that says "You're Fucked"...are you seeing what I'm saying? Every horror fan has their black shirts that we wear to our horror conventions with pride - but give us that crazy knickknack shit those vendors sell that makes us wish we had robbed an armored truck before we got there.Deep in my heart I WANT this place to KICK ASS. I realize that there are some business dealings on the backend and some investments need to be recouped, but I also know without a doubt that unless some shit changes soon that the Bubba Gumps moving in next to you is going to be staring at a vacant storefront next year.Mr. Eli Roth and all the management behind the Goretorium, please prove me the fuck wrong and make me eat my filthy words covered in maggot-strewn filth. But please just don't take my words in vain and think I'm the only severed dick spewing my infectious seed. Read the other reviews around here and learn from your mistakes. Isn't that always the #1 lesson in any good horror film?
3	What can I say, I was pretty disappointed. The effects were pretty awesome or what we saw of them. They rushed us through so quickly that we weren't able to see everything in each scene. We also didn't appreciate being soaked with water in one of the scenes. As we passed through the actor just continuously squirted us with water, to the point that I had water dripping from my hair and my back was soaked. The other people in our group were also soaked. I am very glad we did not pay full price for it. We purchased 2 for 1 Groupon. I would suggest that anyone thinking of going either try to get a Groupon or go to Cheap Tix 4 Tonite. DO NOT PAY FULL PRICE. It's not worth it.
2	Eli Roth is known more for his obsession with torture porn than subtle scares, so I kind of knew what I was getting into. There's even a video upstairs just cycling through the kill and gore scenes from tons of horror movies.You start out on a tour with a guide and everything, but the acting is pretty laughable and the elevator ride/drop/crash (?) is very ineffective.  Once inside the actual labyrinth (a maze has dead ends) there's a moment where you see a giant butcher standing in the fog, just staring at you. It's actually pretty intimidating, and gave me a bit of hope that maybe this would be cool after all, but after that it's all downhill.Most of the walkthrough consists of watching girls getting butchered as the actresses scream and plead for their lives. Occasionally someone will try to pop out from around a corner, but everything feels so staged and ridiculously gratuitous that there's no tension. You're basically just strolling through some random Internet user's sick fantasies, and they're honestly pretty boring.At the end you get sprayed with water and then have to squeeze through a giant rubber anus to get out. This place gets two stars only because of the Baby Doll Lounge, which is the upstairs club exclusive to the Goretorium.I kind of feel like this is one of Las Vegas' best kept secrets, as the open view of the strip is great and there weren't too many people there, even on a Saturday evening. The music and decor was also pretty awesome, so I enjoyed my time there.But as for the Goretorium itself, it was pretty lame, and definitely not worth the hefty price of admission. Just YouTube a montage of death scenes from Hostel and save yourself the trouble.
5	I was compelled to write a review of this attraction after reading some of the poor reviews recently. Lighten up people! You are expecting way too much! My bf and I went this past December and were looking forward to a fun night with some scares. In my opinion we got way more than that. Yes it lives up to classic Vegas pricing, but I think that's fair because everything is pricey in that city. We both had a blast! The actors were horrifying and the scenery was out of my worst nightmares. The acting was genius and I was drenched with sweat from the adrenaline rush. The bar had an awesome view as well. God bless you Eli Roth! You gave us a scare and a fun night. Please stay open so we can get married here!!
5	This was such a fun thing to do in Vegas!  This was very well done and it scared the shit out of me!  Not the typical maze with people popping out at you.  Lots of detail and a story rather than just walking through a dark maze.  The bar upstairs is really cool if you are a horror fan.  The bathroom lights flicker off and on and something screamed at me when I was in the stall.  The mirrors flow blood when the sink comes on.I took my kids they are 12 and 13 and pro's when it comes to haunted houses. I wouldn't recommend this for kids unless they are teenagers.
4	I had a lot of fun here. We did the day and night tour.  Had a little bit of time before it started, so we grabbed the best bloody mary I think I have ever had. I am super gullible and super skiddish.  So I was glad we did the day tour before going back for the night tour, so I could actually look around and enjoy the bloody sights.  For awhile I thought it was actually REAL/true. hahaha but that's me being gullible. We returned at night and it was SO creepy!  The characters were all very into it.  And they could tell I was skiddish and took full advantage of that.  Not sure if I would do it again, but it was fun, and amusing.
5	Being from Los Angeles and having gone to Horror Night at Universal Studios, I did not expect much from a small haunted house. Yet, I had a ton of fun! The amount of detail and the acting that they put in were outstanding. By the end of the maze, you end up at their bar. It has an amazing view of Vegas but  the bar seemed too much like a temporary set up. It felt dead there because of the lack of people at the bar. We went to a bigger bar instead.I think that their full admission price is too much, but it was worth it for the discounted price that I paid. Check out those Half Price Ticket booths around M&M World and Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops to buy your tickets.I would suggest going here if you run out things to do in Vegas or want to try something different in Vegas with a group of friends, and only if you pay for the discounted admission.  Go there without many expectations and just have fun!
4	Great affects, it's like walking through a movie set for a horror film. The only thing I didn't like was that some of the 'zombies' get up in your face and that's fine to make you jump but you kind of lose the scare factor. It's much more effective when you see something quickly instead of it being right there are you walk through. Great bar at the end with an amazing view. Will be back I'm sure.
4	Great fun! A little tipsy by the time we arrived here. It is a little pricey for admission, about $30.00 a person. There is an electric chair in front of the admission counter with 2 zombies next to it, which gives you a zap if you touch it! Based off of the mythical murderous proprietors of the "Delmont Hotel." It has all the typical cheesiness of classic horror films.Inside our tour guide was murdered before he was able to get in the elevator with us. We were stuck in an elevator with the psycho that murdered our tour guide. Then the elevator dropped to the basement. All alone we had to find our way out. We went through a tunnel that made me dizzy. Then I was kidnapped by a crazy murderer that wanted my skin for his girlfriend. Zombies get up in your face, very creepy. Religious sacrifices and a gory torture chair. After you are finished, you have access to a bar with a spectacular view of the strip. Right across the street from the Cosmopolitan. Good music and not overcrowded. You must go in the bathroom for the finale of the experience. After you survive the maze there are creepy sounds in the bathroom and the lights went out on me for a few seconds. Freaked me out! Good kind of scary fun! Even funny and campy at times.
3	If you're a gore/horror fan you'll be disappointed.  If youre easily scared you'll love the place. Best part is the view at the end!!Groupon your ticket!!
4	My review is for the Baby Doll Lounge only, which (of all the many bars I visited in Vegas) was the only spot on the strip where I didn't feel surrounded by the cast of Jersey Shore.
1	After our great experience back in October, my best friend and I decided to head back to Vegas to try it again since we were told that the haunt would change every few months. We planned our trip entirely around a trip to the Goretorium, including staying next door at Planet Hollywood so that it was an easy walk to the attraction. When we were there in October, the haunt closed at 2 AM and we stayed in the beautiful, elegant Baby Doll Lounge until then; therefore, this time we checked into the hotel, ate a relaxing dinner, and changed clothes before heading over around 11. Last time we got there around 8 PM and it didn't get busy until around 11. We got there at 11 and sat at the bar to get a drink. We noticed that the decor in the lobby had gone from much more subtle and classy horror stuff to really cheesy stuff that could be found at any major Halloween store, including really fake cobwebs, robotic zombies, etc. Everything looked more like something you'd see in your neighbor's front yard in October than a world-class 'cutting edge' haunt in Las Vegas. My friend and I were told that they close at midnight on weeknights now and 1 on weekends, which shocked us. We hurriedly drink our drinks (noticing that the trademark 'Bloody Mary' actress who usually sits above the bar heckling customers was not on duty), then get in line for the haunt. There are about ten people in front of us, and since the haunt's about to close, they rush us through in one group--- even the tour guide remarked on how big this group was. We stood in the waiting area for a moment and we didn't get to take the signature photos which are part of the souvenir experience; they were in a hurry to get us out of there, so the photos weren't even being offered. The guide was working off a script, and even though he was a very nice guy, the script was cheesy and incredibly predictable. We were crammed into the elevator with a lot of middle-aged people, including this one housewife who was acting 'hysterical' to get attention and screaming at every little thing. The group was being rowdy and loud so that the few of us who actually WANTED to hear the tour guide couldn't even do so, but he didn't do anything to quiet them or make it more enjoyable for those of us who were obviously being annoyed by the rude guests. We walked through the haunt and immediately I noticed the changes--- THERE WERE NO ACTORS. We were being led through rooms that were completely empty; the big scares came from hydraulic puffs of air or loud bangs that the tour guide made on walls as people walked by. Finally we came to a room where a girl was being 'tortured', but her acting was ridiculously bad and unbelievable and the room was lit so brightly you could see the poor quality of her makeup job. I kept count through the haunt--- there were only five live performers, plus our tour guide, in the entire thing; a maniacal chef (by far the best), the two girls who got tortured to death, a girl standing on a podium in the 'casino' room, and a zombie girl in the very end in the banquet hall.  I wasn't scared ONCE; I was annoyed, yes, and wanted a refund. When we emerged from the end of the haunt, we were in the beautiful and picturesque Baby Doll Lounge, which already had all of the lights turned on, the chairs flipped upside down on the tables, and no staff in sight except a janitor sweeping. We told a bartender in a light but disappointed tone "Aw, we were hoping to stay here and drink!", he said back in a rather snotty voice "Well, there are plenty of other places in Vegas you guys can do that." Yes, we know, but we wanted to spend our money THERE, with the great horror decor and the tasty drinks and the beautiful view of the Strip. In fact, that was the main highlight we had been discussing when planning our trip to Vegas. So to be so rudely dismissed was a little off-putting for two fans like ourselves.We headed back downstairs, where a merchandise girl asked how our experience was. I told her that we were very disappointed and that it had been much better the first time; she said that they'd heard that from a lot of people and that the haunt was 'experimenting' with different techniques to scare people. When we left at midnight, disappointed and disheartened, I emailed the official Facebook page to tell them about our experience. They sent back a very nonchalant "Sorry about your luck, sometimes people don't have fun. We can't control that. Also, sorry you came too late to have a good time; our hours are posted everywhere. Hope you give us a try next time you're in town" email. Yes, they may have changed their hours, but when the Goretorium launched it was promoted as a year-round haunt for Las Vegas. Had we known that the hours had changed since October... Either way, we won't likely be back. We will stick to Universal Horror Nights; at least they know how to treat their VIPs.
1	i got band from goretorium face book page for a bad review i gave about what a rip off it is and only a handful of actors left since openning. not worth the 30+ dollars and at 15.00 a drink (very small) i wouldn't recomend this venue to anyone who is into horror/terror.i would be interested in buying some of the props when they close.
3	Made of point of checking this place out on our recent trip to Vegas. Before getting to it we spoke with a taxi driver who hoped to see us again to hear what we thought of the place as he'd had previous fares state that is was a terrible experience.I can't say that it was terrible, I did however feel that it was cluttered and rushed. I'm glad we visited and also glad we got tickets for 50% off from tix-4-tonite.I did enjoy the babydoll lounge and its overpriced cocktails.
2	I love haunted attractions and i consider myself a Haunted house aficionado hahah.    I am giving this a 2 because of all the hype on it and its failure to deliver. It is a complete let down, as are most haunted attractions in the past few years. The outside is more fun than the inside. They tell you it is 20 min to go through... YEAH RIGHT!!!!  maybe including the  long video they show you 100 times while you are waiting. It was maybe 10 min and I am being VERY generous with that. The themes could be good but i don't know they just fall short. I expected more from a serious horror film maker. The gore doesn't even really look good.  There were a couple of cool scenes but most were just cheesy. I don't recommend this to anyone. We got our tickets for $21 each but they charge $30 at the door. This is maybe worth $5 to $10 at best. Everyone talks about the great view at the end but it really was just average as well. Save your cash.  Check out my many many other Haunted attraction reviews.
1	awfull!!! we paid 53 $ for 5 minutes of what you never pay in any amusement  park...defenetly... t they rying to get the tourism to pay for an awful  experience.... we came from spain and we got that 1000 better in any ammusement park.... very, very  disappointing...and expensive.... probably they they need to amortized.... dont even waist your time...nada que ver! el pasaje del terror del tibidabo 1000 veces mejor! y gratis!!!!.
1	Not very scary.  Just a walking with some gory mannequins and a few people.  Otherwise not long enough and the wait to get in was tremendous.  Waiting almost thirty minutes.
5	Wow! Cannot believe the mixed reviews this place has!!My boyfriend and I went on a trip to Vegas this past week to celebrate our sixth anniversary. We both LOVE horror and we're big fans of Eli Roth (Cabin Fever rules! See it!!) so were so excited to visit the Goretorium.We got our tickets on the Goldstar website, which I highly recommend. The tickets were $30 each including fees for the VIP admission, which includes skipping the line and a drink at the Baby Dolls Lounge. DEFINITELY DO THIS. It's $60 for VIP if you buy it at the door so def get your tickets online at Goldstar first if you can!!The maze itself is super rad. It's about the Delmont Hotel's f**ked up residents. I don't wanna give too much away, but if you are a fan of Hostel you'll be very pleased. And if you are a bit of a scaredy cat being dragged against your will into this scary ass maze by your friend or significant other, it's helpful to know that they do have a safe word (well, technically safe phrase-- Red Red Red!) so in case you flip out TOO much or something you'll be okay. But please don't flip out because it is so awesome you should not miss it. The best thing about this place is the group size-- seven people or less. If you have been to anything like Universal's Halloween Horror Nights, haunted mazes are usually pretty crowded and you usually see people ahead of you in line getting scares so you're not as scared. Not so at the Goretorium!! We, luckily, had another couple with us who were super sweet and we all joined together to trek through the maze as a unit!! (Only four of us total!) It's super fun and pretty damn scary. Be ready for some good spooks. But pay attention because some of the tricks in each room and absolutely amazing! Very theatrical and entertaining. It took us about fifteen or twenty minutes to go through it.At the end of the maze, you're spit out into the Baby Dolls Lounge. The night we went was a Tuesday and for some reason all the groups who left the maze after us walked right by the door and left. DEAR GOD WHY!!?!? Drinks are pricey at $15 a pop but they are delicious and strong, so I think they are worth it. Even if you're not a drinker you should stop by and look out over the strip because it's got a killer (yuk yuk) view of the strip. I tried Eli Roth's Blood cocktail and my boyfriend got the Death Tea. I'd recommend both. PLEASE GO TO THE GORETORIUM!! I really want this place to stay in business so I can go back on my next trip to Vegas. We had an amazing night so I hope you all have a great time there too!!P.S. The yard-long drinks are the strongest on the strip! Look for the guys handing out cards-- we got 2-for-1 yard-longs at $20 flat for two drinks including the souvenir cups. The one with everclear in it is strong as f**k. Happy Haunting! ;)
4	Who doesn't want to get a thrill BEFORE Halloween?! We did and it was well worth the money spent!Admission line: None! We went right at 11:15PM on a weekday and it was quick and easy. We got the military discount price and was directed to be in line by 11:45 which was the last tour. Tour is open until midnight. Event wait line: We had 3 groups in-front of us and we all stood there admiring the gory pictures on the wall as well as the life-sized creepy looking mannequins. Not crowded at all which is a huge plus!Main event: In my opinion, it was way too short. The actors were amazing and scary and so were the rooms. The actors would pop out of nowhere and give you a good scare! It was a bit too dark to see what's in front of you and because of this, I ran right into one of the guys hand in my group with my teeth when I was screaming/rapidly walking away from an actor with the chainsaw. I'm not going to give anything away but the highlight of the entire tour was probably the first two rooms. The rest will make you jump and scream a bit but the tour ended abruptly. =(Store/Photos: The store had nice shirts, tank tops, mugs, cups, and everything you would typically find after an attraction but with a touch of blood. Our photos that was taken right at the beginning was rushed. I didn't even get a chance to turn around to look at the camera before the air came blasting in my mouth; literarily. So our photos didn't capture my face/reaction, it did capture the props covering my head and torso. If the photo showed my face, it would have been an instant buy.Overall: Entertaining, scary, theatrical, gory, and dark. I wouldn't change anything except the way photos were taken only because I'm one of those people who love to buy those souvenirs pics. The rooms and actors are nothing that I've seen/experienced before and that is what makes this Goretorium awesome.
4	I had been curious about this Las Vegas attraction since it opened last year.  It is on the Las Vegas Strip inside the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood.  It opens at 5pm and closes at midnight or 1am depending on the day.  Myself and my husband considered being scared out of our wits to be a pleasant pre-dinner experience so we got there around 6pm.  There were no lines and we went through the experience just the two of us.The reason why I had not been to this attraction earlier is frankly because I am a scaredy-cat.  I had been through the attraction's gift shop previously and that had been quite enough for my delicate disposition.  Anyway, what finally convinced me to go was a Groupon, I can't resist a bargain and whilst a $30 entrance fee might be quite reasonable for a tourist, the locals just do not pay that sort of price (I believe they do have a reduced fee for locals).We did not wait in line and we were greeted by a not-at-all-scary young man who explained that we do not touch the actors and they do not touch us and if we freak out there is a safe word and everything will stop.  Telling me this hugely improved my experience.  It allowed me to be scared just the right amount.  I knew I would never be out of control and that nothing too horrible would happen to me.The story is that we are in a hotel (and casino, it is Vegas, after all) that was owned by crazy, murdering cannibals.  We are told by the excellent actor who greets us that we won't be going down to the blood-soaked basement (so you know straight away that you will) and after that all hell breaks loose.  The element of surprise is what is so fantastic about something like this, so it is not fair to say exactly what happens, but I would say there are around twenty interactions with actors.  I was mostly screaming/laughing/running away, so I cannot be sure, but I think some actors must play several roles.  There are some gory props along the walk, but the real stars are these people jumping out at you and growling in your face (no, really, it is fun).As fabulous as it was to experience this with just my husband, I would love to be a fly on the wall for an hour or so in this place, to see other people's reactions.  You can interact with the actors, although many of them are not too coherent since they are playing torture victims, ghouls, chainsaw-wielding nutters and so on.  Acting on stage is one thing but to act right up close to members of the public and stay in character is really quite impressive and that is what makes this place so unique.  I have never been in a place like this in the US, but I have been to the London Dungeon, where I queued for more than an hour, to be shuffled through a more theatrical-feeling attraction with a huge group of people.  This was way more fun than that.  About halfway through it started to feel like a bit much and I wanted to pause the excitement for a moment have a nice sit down and a drink, but it is relentless, and you do not get a rest until the very end.  The ultimate exit is through the gift shop, as tradition dictates, but this is Vegas, so first you must exit through the bar.  We were done before 7pm so I think it must have been happy hour, so my husband got a beer for $3, pretty good for the Strip with a lovely outside view, which you usually have to pay premium prices for.I am truly amazed at how much fun this was, I am a total wimp and I thought there was a very real danger of me wetting myself, but they somehow manage to hit just the right level of scary-fun.  These people are hugely talented and entertaining and I even learnt something about myself there; I would be utterly useless in a zombie apocalypse situation.  When the creepy murderers attacked us, I mostly just pushed my husband in front of me and cowered behind him.
5	Some people don't really like it but who cares I had fun lol
4	I was excited when I heard of the Goretorium. A "haunted house" on the strip, was too much to pass up so this location shot up to the top of my must see list.The decorations put me in awe, the jump scares had me laughing, the sets were elaborate, and the participants were dedicated to their roles.I can't wait to go back with new friends to watch them scream.
4	I jumped! It was awesome.Some scary guy jumped out out of nowhere and asked us where I was from.  I lied and said, out of town, and when he asked again, specifically where I was from, I confessed that I had lied and that I was a local.He called me a "Lying Vegas Whore".  It was awesome!!  I've never been so scared and turned on at the same time.Tip to all locals: Don't try to use you're "local" discount.  They have better deals most of the time.
2	I went here during my recent trip to Las Vegas. I scare easily and wouldn't normally be up for haunted houses. However, we went to Vegas for my BF birthday and he loves those sort of things. I saw the amazing reviews on Yelp and had high hopes for the place. Before we went in they informed us that the staff wouldn't touch us, and that we couldnt touch them. From there I was instantly less frighten. Going through the haunted house it was quick and you could tell that the props were very fake. When I read how much money went into funding the haunted house I was expecting more.The View at the bar was nice.I would Just cut through to the bar and enjoy a few drinks and the view and not waste my money going through the haunted house.All the other haunted house i've been to have been scary then this.
5	Had a blast!  By and large, I'm cynical of haunted house experiences, insofar as I often find them cheesy.  But, with the encouragement of my travel buddy (and a great discount ticket deal), we decided to check out the Goretorium.After a slight delay getting there (we had a slightly difficult time finding the location, only because we were expecting a stand-alone building), we picked up our tickets and stood in line.  The experience from beginning to end was so much fun!  I admit, I screamed and jumped and got my share of thrills.  The acting was tremendous, the atmosphere was spooky, and I appreciated the little humor ingested (pun intended?)  into the presentation.My only overall complaint was that we were forced to group with a father with his 8 year old daughter, and she was a distraction to the overall experience.  We were stopped because she touched one of the actors (because she was scared - the show clearly states 13+, and she was not prepared for the show), and then she defiantly tried to talk back to one of the actors - I have to give props for the nice improv work that the actress did.Worth your money - go see it!
4	It all started with FREE comedy show tickets. We were late. No seats...So while checking out the hotel and trying to find some sort of reason to be on the Strip in the first place. (We were staying on Fremont) We stumbled upon an ugly sight. The Goretorium. I have heard about it on tv and online, but here it is - The year around Haunted House. Im a horror nut myself, and love a chance to get scared. I'll admit the entry way is a bit lame for Roth and the high budget life; Vegas tries to portray. Inside sets the tone of your adventure, right off the bat. As you wait to gather for the rest of your party to take pictures, you watch old news footage of the hotel of past. Creepy stuff. You enter the hotel lobby.....plenty of gore, hello, ahhh....hmm..that way.....oooh a button.... meh...boo, cool sets - kinda distracting, more stuff. and a stale ending, maybe someone took a day off at the end. Maybe that guy getting arrested outside the exit ruined it. O-well. That baby bar at the end has a great view, check it out - you payed for it.
4	As a fan of horror I had to check this place out. The scenery and decor were great. I only had time for the day tour, which is basically a guided tour through the haunted house without all the special effects and people jumping out at you. Needless to say, it wasn't as thrilling as it would have been while the maze was up and running. I haven't tried their night tour because I already saw what the inside looks like, but I'm sure its a lot of fun when the place is brought to life!
3	Do yourselves a favor before you buy Tickets at the box office or some other site go to Tix4tonight we got 2 tickets there for $40.00. There are parts of this show that really work and parts that dont.  Some of the props do look very gimmicky, like a previous post said though the actors do a fantastic job.  The story line is meh... but I think over all at $20.00 a ticket its worth it, I wouldn't pay more than that though.
3	A fun quick haunted house experience. Certainly not worth the full price entrance but with a prepaid discount (and there are many available if you just search), it was "just right". The actors were great, fun, and interactive.  The baby doll bar that you enter immediately after the tour is over was certainly interesting. Unfortunately, they were getting close to closing and ushered us out which was a little disappointing.Try and go later in the evening. The baby doll bar is located on the roof and is often closed earlier in the day when the weather is too hot (which seems a little ironic - as that would be when a refreshing drink would be most appreciated )Still all in all, a quick unique thing to do on the strip.Definitely get your friends to sit in the electric chair by the front door. They will find it a shocking experience and you will get a great photo.
4	I was very excited to finally go through this. I'd heard about it through some friends who were local to the area, and they were the ones that took us there. It was interactive and totally entertaining, with quality scares as well as comical moments. We got the human sacrifice, although I've been told they also hold a "wedding" sometimes as well in one room. And I'll be honest, our picture looks hilarious. Everyone in our group got scared and it was definitely obvious in the photo!
3	ehhh.... I really wanted to like this place.  If you feel you have to check it out...definitely find discounted tickets online.  We did this, but were really disappointed to find the BAR closed!!! after we walked through, and paid for drinks that we never got.... so ask the hours, we were not informed... I did not find the "haunted house" frighting...and I scare easily.... some of the decor is pretty cool though.
4	What a fun time! We went at about 11 at night after a few drinks and it was a lot of fun.  This is a very unique experience to have on the Vegas strip. This isn't the best haunted house I have ever been in, but I did shriek a few times. I am not one that usually gets easily scared but its a fun way to spend some time and get some awesome pictures. Go to Tix 4 Tonight for tickets for about $20pp. Make sure to sit in the electric chair!
4	Best Haunted House I have been to.   The Goretorium is an awesome experience, one that you probably didn't think you would do while in Vegas. I was lucky to be there in October of '12 during its first months opening, and let me tell you that it did not disappoint.    The Goretorium definitely brings Eli Roths visions to life, almost a first hand experience through his mind. The production value of this place is amazing, from beginning to end. No spoilers here, but the acting was also done very well from all the people working there. Since this is something you have to see for yourself and without spoiling anything, all I can say is that this is for sure a place to get your bells rung and get a good laugh out of it as well. The only downfall is that it might seem a little short, but like I said, the production value makes up for it by a mile. Worth the trip, but please please please, I can't stress it enough, DO NOT bring the kiddos, this is not meant for them in any way. FOR ADULTS ONLY due to the nature and language of this Haunted House.Go Check it out, worth the see!
4	Had a blast, short but fun, get your tickets at tickets4tonight booth for ~50% off.
4	I actually met Eli a few weeks before this exhibit opened in Sept. 2012, & told him how excited I was about it.  Last year I was in LV a month before the exhibit opened, so I was so glad to have the opportunity to go through on my most recent visit a few weeks ago. Pros:* Afraid it would be too scary, my so-called "horror movie-loving" friend chickened out.  This I consider a pro because going through solo, I wound up being at the tail end of the group.  This meant I was the target of the actors in every scenario as we moved through the exhibit!* I absolutely loved that the actors got so close that I could feel their breath on my neck, & they said creepy things in my ear to scare me.  I giggled my way through as I engaged with the actors in a way that other participants didn't have the opportunity to do.Cons:* The decor is pretty good but there isn't enough time to take in all the details.* I was disappointed that Bloody Mary wasn't working the day I went through.  I hear she'd been absent for a few months & had returned, but unfortunately she wasn't working during my visit.Considering this attraction?  Based on my experience I have some recommendations:* Since it's relatively short, in my opinion a discounted standard admission ticket is sufficient to enjoy this attraction. * Actors can't touch you (or vice versa), which should help persuade friends who are ambivalent to join you.* If you really want to scare the pants off of a 'fraidy cat friend, see that they get stuck at the back of the group, hehehe* If you visit in the summer, go at night so that you can experience Baby Dolls Lounge overlooking the Strip without being fried like a vampire in the sun.  It was hot as Hades that day so I didn't experience the Lounge.  (I wasn't alone.  The entire week I was in LV I didn't see anyone sitting out there during the day.)* I was in the first group to go through on a Sunday afternoon.  Luckily there weren't any kids in the group because I'm certain that if they had it would've ruined it for me; you do run this risk if you go through during the day.  (Parents brought young kids on the TMZ Hollywood Tour & it wasn't long before I had murder on my mind...)Do check out Goretorium!
2	I went when it first opened and thought it was pretty lame. I was very excited about it and expected more. My friends had not been yet so I gave it another chance tonight. It's still just as cheesy as the first time and you can tell everything is fake but it was fun with our group of 7 after drinks. :-) Definitely not worth the full price or the locals discount. We found an offer at vegas4locals.com which made each ticket $17. That's a fair price for the 15-minute "scare."
5	I wish I had a camera of my face throughout the whole house....I was scared... I went with 2 of my girlfriends and I held on to them tight the whole way through and prayed for it to be over BUT...when it was over I LOL cause it was sooo fun. Def worth the money use a coupon don't pay full price.
4	This is a haunted house, not a museum.  You follow the path and walk through, when you get to the end, then your done.... if you make it.This is a very well put together horror trek.  There is a neat story to go along with the venue and the experience.  The workers take their job very seriously and put in alot of effort to make it authentic.  You can tell they try hard.  It is a bit much for a haunted house, but its one of the few that go year round.  I would suggest it as a great filler event since you can go through at any time.  Great to KILL some time... ;)
3	I really liked the history behind this place, but wasn't very scary. The guide is the one that scares you by pushing buttons or physically jumping behind you. He really focused on scaring the girls in front of us, so that was entertaining. But, I also felt like we missed out on the experience ourselves because of that. If you're in the area and have 30-45 minutes to spare, it's good entertainment. I wouldn't say it is a must do/see in Las Vegas.
4	this place is cool. something different to do in vegas. dont pay full price since deals are everywhere for it. the bar upstairs has the best view of vegas ive seen yet. their drinks up there are horrid. super sweet. if they were better we would have stuck around longer since the view is downright amazing. its def worth going to though
3	more like BOREtorium.  I'm actually giving this place 2.5 stars because I really haven't "experienced better", but found it very disappointing. And I don't like all those gorey horror movies. I never watched "Hostel" either. I was honestly expecting so much more - like I was going to pee my pants or barf!The set up reminded me of the Hollywood Tower of Terror, which is such a better experience than this place.First, they take your picture in front of some hotel props and right before the picture, this mechanism makes some of the props fly up with a gust of air. It's supposed to make you have a scared reaction in the pic, but I just had a dumb confused look on my face while my BF was all smiles. My BF and I went in with a group of 3 other people who were all together and they were walking in front of us so they got all the people jumping out at them and fake blood dripped on them first so we kinda knew what was coming.The only scary part was in the the little chapel thing where there were "people" sitting at the pews and I was totally expecting one or more of them to jump up and scare one of us - but they didn't.The ending sucked - you walk through this tunnel thing that is a thin vinyl material on both sides that has air puffing them up and then you're outside at the bar. Huh? My BF and I were recently talking about it and he called it "the vagina". LOL which I guess if you go in the day time like we did seemed like we were coming out of the birth canal since it goes from super dark to a light at the end of the tunnel! ps: they kept emphasizing how the characters can't/won't touch us and we couldn't either...which leads me to believe one too many drunk tough guys (or girls) got too touchy there.
4	LOVED THIS!!!  I'm a fan of Eli Roth and the horror genre, so this was right up my alley.  The best way to describe this, is to say it's similar to a haunted house tour.  We went on the tour before the "actors" came on, and it was just fun to hear the story behind the Delmont Hotel.Our tour guide was great, and made me feel like he was part of the "Hostel" crowd.  I will go back when the "actors" are there the next time we go to Vegas.
4	This place was amazing. My cousin and I had such a great time! The house freaked us out!! However, the complaint I have to make is regarding a couple people who work there. Because we were the last ones to go through it, I felt as though they were rushing us to leave. One of the scare actors said "are you going to let me talk or what". Obviously, my cousin and I were screaming and we were scared and I guess we were disrupting her lines that she had to say to us. Then when we were checking out the picture that was taken we were laughing and deciding if we should get it or not and the girl at the register said " are you going to buy it or not?" That made us decide to not purchase it at all. We walked out and couldn't believe both of those people's attitudes. Just plain rude.
4	This was a lot of fun. I'm a horror movie fan and along with my brother and sister-in-law, we were really excited. We scored a 50% off coupon at the entrance spending $16 per person to get in. The horror props are so much fun to look at in the lobby as well as through the attraction. I absolutely loved the hotel lobby once you were inside with the guide. The elevator was really neat, too. Only the 3 of us went through so plenty of scares for us. I'm a screamer so I think they got what they wanted out of me, lol. At the end is a gift shop for lots of fun stuff, too. A must stop for something different on the strip!
2	After spending $90 for my family to be scared out of their minds. I was the only one scared that I just spent that much money in 15 minutes.Props were great! Characters were okay but not too scary. The best money I spent was on drinks at the end. Maybe I should have drank before I went in???? Keep your money and go see something else. Thumbs down for me.
1	After being reassured that their bankruptcy wouldn't effect them being open on our wedding day, and after taking $1300, we got word today that as of Oct 2nd the Goretorium will be CLOSED PERMANENTLY! We paid for our wedding which is only 4 weeks away and now we may not get our money back. There aren't words to describe how disappointed we are. We've been planning this for a year and now we have a few short weeks to find another place.
5	bad news since the goretorium is closing tomorrow, the good news is it's coming back in some other form, i always said the "story" of the goretorium would make a iinsane movie experence
1	they finally met thier demise. at the end they charged 10.00 for the haunt and 2.00 for drinks. seems like when they were in business they priced them selves out of business. and the way they treated people is another story. guests and employees alike were treated like they didn't matter. as for reopening or anything linked to goretorium, i don't think after the thorn they put in peoples craw, will be successfull. especially the venders who didn't get paid for thier contributions will not get involved. i'm sure the word got around to other venders as well. just think, all the venders who supplied goretorium who didn't get paid for services rendered, effects thier bottom line and pay thier employees who inturn have a family to support. thanks to robert fry, all those people lose while he probably profited.
1	Bought groupon tickets.  Called to get directions.  Recording made no mention of being closed.  Drove all the way there only to find it closed down a month ago!  Disappointed?  Yes.  Aggravated?  Definitely.
4	This was fun, but not as long as I thought it would be.
4	We went here in september and it was all kinds of fun! Really had a great time, it was short but it was scary as hell and the actors were really creepy. Maybe it's just because we scare easily but me and my wife had the time of our lifes here. Add a semi-expensive cocktail and the beginning of our vegas night out was a succes!
4	Haunted houses aren't really my thing but this had so much hype and then there was a $17 Groupon so I decided to check it out...It's located in the shopping mall that is across from the Cosmo so parking could be difficult, but we just paid $5 to park at Harley Davidson and walked over the bridge, it was very easy. The entrance and ticket booth is right inside the mall on the middle level, if you are on the pedestrian bridge, it is on that level.It was very easy to get our tickets as it wasn't very crowded since it was a Sunday so that was nice.
