3	Solid 3.5This place is brand new. it is a market and a great place for lunch. My review is for lunch only. Gyro $5.99Fry's and drink $2.50Total $9.22The place is clean and has plenty of help. Everyone is extremely nice and helpful. The food was average, the pita was warm and the gyro meat was good. It is cooked on a spit. The tzatziki sauce was thin and not too flavorful. I have had better. Fries were a thicker type and had a little seasoning on them. They give enough for two to share. The salads looked good as did the "plate" types of meals . I will go back but may skip the fries and drink.
3	I work right across the street from this new place.  The market is very interesting - stocked with a lot of unusual foodstuffs both unidentifiable and unpronounceable! Cuisine seems Greek to me but fairly good.  The decor is pretty basic, sharing as it does the space with the market.  Not true waitress service - your food will be brought to you but it's serve yourself on drinks, place settings, etc.  So, essentially a fast-food experience.You queue up in front of a deli-counter type space and give your order over the glass.  Plenty of friendly banter with the staff; Greeks are always loquacious, or so it seems to me.  They were more than happy to customize my order, which I really appreciated.  I had one of their vegetarian platters and was underwhelmed.  Humus was quite good though.  My lunch companion had a chicken giro and fries, and it disappeared so fast I have to assume it was great!Ownership is very friendly.  Recommended.
4	Returned for a quick lunch and got the classic gyro sandwich with fries.  Nice portion size.  Fries were not over cooked - done just right.  Extra yogurt sauce in a little plastic cup in the to-go box was a nice and welcome touch.Have a selection of unusual drinks and I had a Jaritto (?) mango soda from Mexico.  Tasty - although my colleagues kept teasy me about drinking a beer!  You could tell it was Friday!Also, I tried a few of the little plastic wrapped candies they have in bins near the front of the store.  The nougat with pistachio nuts in it was very good.  The one which is orange with a date center looked better but I was disappointed in the flavor intensity.  Still tasty though.
5	BAKLAVA!!! There BAKLAVA is amazing and they have like 5 kinds which is crazy because I thought there was only one kind(its the walnut one there u will understand if u go!).  Anyway aside from that all the food Is great from gyros to cheeseburgers!  You won't be disappointed, and don't let the market part with odd unlabled things intimidate you, its def worth checking out !
4	I was awakened from my foodie revery of perfectly seasoned babaganooj on home-made bread by an eerie orgasmic humming. I looked up and saw Ken, his eyes glazed over, humming to his glass of iced Turkish coffee, a delight of his own creation. When Tony, the owner (along with his wife Juliette) came over to investigate, he decided he had to have one too.     This took place at Olive Tree Mediterranean Market and Grill in North Phoenix. Unlike most small groceries, Olive Tree is bright, clean and cheerful. The shelves are stocked with fascinating Middle Eastern delights - jars of olives and tahini, an interesting assortment of cheeses, sweet treats that I'd never seen before. You order at the counter   from a good size selection of ethnic dishes, plus a few typical American items. Food is then brought to your table in a sectioned off area.     I had discovered Olive Tree on Restaurant.com. Since we had to order $35 of food from the menu, we ended up with quite an array of dishes. Now that I think of it, the humming started with the above-mentioned baba. This roasted, pureed eggplant concoction is found in most Middle Eastern restaurants, with varying results. It can be very flat tasting if too much tahini (sesame paste) is mixed in, or it may be over-spiced. This baba was beautiful, with all the tastes dancing in our mouths. Julliette makes her own bread to go with it. The texture is very different from pita (even the pita served here was selected with great care), crustier and chewy. A special of the day was stuffed cabbage. About the same size and shape as the stuffed grape leaves (which were delicious), these are lighter and lemony good - a real treat. We shared a combination kebab plate with chicken, kefta, and shish-kebab skewers. This paled in comparison to the other dishes, since the meat was on the dry side. The baklava was quite good, it wasn't soggy with syrup, so the layers of phyllo dough made a satisfyingly crunchy noise.    After lunch we did a little shopping. We got some delicious feta cheese and something called Chicago cheese, which reminded me of mozzarella. I could have bought more, but Ken wisely herded me out the door.
4	Wow the baba was silky smooth with a very pleasing eggplant flavor, and the hummus & falafel were nice as well.  Good presentation and flavors in the food.  This is really a market with a little cafe/grill that has a few tables with chairs, so unless it's outside the rush dining hours I would just plan on getting it to go.  Prices are reasonable as well.  Only negative was the wait time for the food, even when it wasn't very busy.  But I suppose good things come...
4	(I would give them a 5, but they are new and need some time before they rate a 5.)My husband is from Greece, well Crete, actually.  We stumbled on this place on the way home one day and thank goodness we did!  We didn't get a chance to eat in the deli (although the owner kept bringing us samples to try), but we did shop in the market.  It is a very new store, so the shelves aren't full yet, they're trying to figure out what the customers want.  We felt the selection was very good--canned goods, dried beans, fresh fruits and vegetables, frozen meats, and of course olives and feta and desserts.  The prices are very reasonable.  My husband says they're better than anywhere he's seen. We got a leg of lamb and it was the most tasty lamb I've had in a long time.  I'm a fan of sheep feta, whether French or Bulgarian.  I think we got the Bulgarian this time.  Everything we got (except the Baklava-type desserts, I wasn't so crazy about them, and I love dessert!!)  The owner let us try their hummus, tabouli, and falafal -- all were fantastic!!The owner even showed us his catalog and said he would special order anything we wanted!  Super friendly, clean, good menu in the cafe, can't wait to try it!  This is a fantastic jewel of a place on Pinnacle Peak & 19th Ave, just south of Norterra.
4	My husband and I LOVE Mediterranean food and there are so few options on the far north side of town, so we were anxious to try Olive Tree once it opened.  The space is great; light, bright & inviting.  We ordered a gyro platter, a side of hummus and one of the vegetarian combo platters at the counter, chose a seat and were served quickly.  The hummus was flavorful, but we felt it was a little thick - luckily there were several types of oil set out near the drink machine for use at our discretion - including various olive oils and even avocado oil.  We drizzled the hummus with a bit of the regular olive oil and fell in love.  The falafel were wonderful; packed full of flavor, moist and piping-hot.  Hands-down the best item we ordered was the gyro platter.  So, so, so good.  Gyros are the first thing I try at any new Mediterranean joint and I use it as the litmus test for everything else.  These gyros are my new favorites!  We chose fries for a side and were NOT disappointed; these were delicious.Our only real complaint was the pita which came with the hummus; it was run-of-the-mill; straight out of the bag, stiff and bland.  Weird, since the pita which came with the gyro platter was warm, pliable, well-seasoned and delicious!!  The proprietors are super friendly, and the grocery has lots of fun goods to take home.  We picked up a few jars of pickled items and tried two types of the baklava as suggested by Justin V. - LOVED it....great suggestion; don't leave without it!
4	Great gyros
3	Solid 3.5This place is brand new. it is a market and a great place for lunch.My review is for lunch only.Gyro $5.99Fry's and drink $2.50Total $9.22The place is clean and has plenty of help. Everyone is extremely nice and helpful.The food was average, the pita was warm and the gyro meat was good. It is cooked on a spit. The tzatziki sauce was thin and not too flavorful. I have had better.Fries were a thicker type and had a little seasoning on them. They give enough for two to share.The salads looked good as did the "plate" types of meals .I will go back but may skip the fries and drink.
3	MMM Just finished lunch here and already writing my review.  I gave them a 3 star not because the food wasn't delicious, but because the overall experience.  My dad and I got there a few minutes after 12.  We ordered our food and decided to sit outside since it was such a lovely day out and it was very clammy inside.  About 15mins later, I was told that they were out of spinach pies in my vegetarian platter.  I was really bummed, since the platter consisted of pitas, hummus, falafel and a spinach pie.  So another 15mins goes by before our food finally came out.  It was a bit frustrating waiting 30mins when you have an hour for lunch and everyone elses food came out before ours.  They ended up replacing the spinach pie with some herb covered pitas.  Which could have been great, if they weren't so hard. The falafel was amazing, some of the best I've ever had.  The hummus was also really good and comes in a dish with a great presentation, just wish the pitas weren't so hard.I look forward to going back.
5	BEST FALAFELS EVER!  My parents and I have had falafels all around the world and I think these here are actually the best I've ever had.  They're not just your typical lettuce, falafel, and tahini sauce.  The falafels weren't dry and made fresh to order, there was great flavorful homemade sauces and relishes, and even the salad inside was full of lettuce, tomato, and homemade pickled vegetables.  Amazing!!!  Flavorful, spicy, and an amazing deal - they were huge and only 3.99!The market has a great selection of Middle Eastern groceries and is very clean.  The owners treat you like you are their personal guests in their house and love to talk to you about the food, culture, and everything else...very sweet people!It's definitely not the fanciest place but delicious, authentic, flavorful, loving food and this place will definitely become a regular for us!
5	First, I would like to say that this is a deli in a Mediterranean market.  Second, the food at the Olive Tree is as good as or better than all of the Mediterranean sitdown restaurants I have ever eaten. (I really don't know why the previous reviews were so harsh.  This food is good.)Because we had to order $50 worth of food with our restaurant.com gift certificate from a deli, we ordered a lot of food.  Of the items that we tried, all were outstanding.  The Olive Tree used the best ingredients in all of the foods we ate.We asked the woman in charge if we could have our Gyro and Philly Cheesesteak (okay it wasn't all Mediterranean) while we were waiting for the rest of our food to cook.  She immediately turned and asked the cook to make those two items first.  (The man and woman who were in charge were very friendly and professional.)We sat at the tables and enjoyed our first two servings.  We knew right away that we were in for something special.After we got the rest of our food, we drove home and we ate our kebbi and spinach pie and I ate the gyro I ordered (we ordered two gyros).  Delicious.  The bread on the spinach pie was freshly baked and the ingredients in all of the items were fresh and perfectly balanced. (I have been to many Mediterranean delis looking for a great gyro only to be disappointed by a Sysco or similar style gyro.)  I don't know if the meat on this gyro were made in house but it was excellent.Later that night, we had the meat pie with sauce, fettouch salad, shish kabob and some pita bread with the jalepeno hummus.  Outstanding (even though the food had been reheated).  Unfortunately, the pita was stale by the time we got to it, but the flavors were there.  I just wish I had room in my stomach to eat  the pita while it was still fresh.We still have more food to eat tomorrow and probably the next day.Do yourself a favor before going to the restaurant if you are going to use the restaurant.com GC.  Get some friends together, go to restaurant's website olivetreeaz.com and look at the menu.  Order ahead and get the food to go.  Get it home quickly and eat.  This is really great food and it needs to be eaten as soon as possible once it comes off the grill.If you are taking a trip north to Flag or the Grand Canyon, make it a point to stop here and fill up before you start your journey.  It is only a mile or so off of 17 and it is worth the drive.The Olive Tree is a deli and the food is at deli prices.  The food is an outstanding value.Eat at the Olive Tree.  Your palate will thank you and your pocket book will thank you.Postscript:  The market has a huge selection of mediterranean foods and spices at very good prices.
5	We love The Olive Tree! We call it 'the grill' We eat there at least once a week - my littlest one has swim lessons right next door. Both my picky eaters love eating there! We love the chicken kabobs and the chicken shwarma(sp?). Family ran, great food we love it!
5	We were hoping to try out Z's deli, in the same plaza - but arrived late and they were closed. This place was open, so we walked in. It was about 20 minutes before closing, and I'm pretty sure the family (seems like a "family run joint") was just about to break down the kitchen and pack it in. I ordered the gyros plate, Athena went with the kebabs. Beef, to be exact. Our dinners both came with soup or salad. If I recall, there were 3, maybe 4, types of salad and one soup to choose from. We both opted for Greek salads. The owner (I assume he was the owner) took our order and called it out to the cook. Athena conversed with him a bit, putting in an order for some baklava to go, when we left, while I strolled the cheese section of the market. The owner asked if we would like our salads first, and we said yes. I sat down at one of the nine tables, while Athena perused an aisle or two. In addition to delivering our salads to the table, the owner retrieved silverware and napkins for us from the trays located by the drink machine that I was filling drinks at. The brewed ice tea container had already been drained, or was at least empty, and the owner offered to brew fresh for us! We politely declined the offer and opted for soft drinks. No reason to brew fresh for two people when you are trying to close, but so nice to offer!The salads were ultra tasty, with a sprinkling of sheep's milk feta atop a crisp green salad with kalamatas, romas, cukes and plenty of sliced pepperoncini (I'm going to say they were Italian, not Greek ). The salads were perfectly dressed and ultra tasty. Our plates arrived, mine with thick fries cooked in peanut oil, hers with perfectly cooked Basmati rice and a nice yellow color to it. Her kebabs were already removed from the sticks, and all the veggies and steak were charred very nicely. The Tahini sauce was pretty decent.  My Gyros (traditional lamb/beef combo) were cooked very well, with ultra thin slices off the spit. Tzatziki sauce was nice and tangy, I'd guess made with Greek yogurt as opposed to regular yogurt or the sour cream others try to pass off! The fries were a bit on the soft side, but nicely cut and flavorful.As we ate, the cashier closed down the market station and tidied up. The owner continued to stop by and make sure everything was good. It was! He was very friendly, and seemed genuinely concerned with our satisfaction. We assured him we would be back to eat, and to do some shopping, as we had discussed the many types of oils available (you gotta try the avocado oil with lime - along with plenty of other oils available by the silverware). Since they were ready to close, we didn't think now would be the time to peruse the many varieties of dry/canned goods available, or the fresh cheeses. There was an aisle I didn't even go down, so that will be a surprise when we return, which we will.I give this place kudos, and I think it will fill a niche market for groceries to be sure. It should do well - even with 2 other delis in the plaza. Each seems to cater to a slightly different deli crowd.  Definitely check it out. Solid 4 stars on food freshness, and quality. Another star for great service and a nice, clean European grocery.
4	Totally digging this place.  So I've had a gyro, a greek salad, and the chicken kabobs and every single one of them were EXCELLENT.  I highly recommend those chicken kabobs.I love how they have a market right next to it, complete with the hookah selection. :)
5	I'm upgrading Olive Tree to 5 stars.  This place just rules it.  Tony and Juliet are super friendly and extremely talented cooks.  I want them to live at my house and cook all my meals.  The shawarma, hummus, tabbouleh, gyros, falafel, foul, soup, kifta....everything is incredible.  They have this spicy sauce called "Shatta" (lol) for sale in the market section. I think it's just red peppers & olive oil, but it's pretty much my new favorite thing.
5	Well over due for an update. The owners 5 StarsThe market 5 starsThe food darn near 5 starsI had the burger the other day..way impressed. It was double thin patties with hummus and cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion if you wish. It wasgood and filling. Today I had the Gyro with salad and a drink.
4	This is a nice discovery on the North Phoenix landscape.  They have a good variety of mediterranean options.  I think everything should be about one dollar cheaper since it's just over the counter service.   However, they use real plates and silverware, which is a definite plus.The food is very good.  I eat here all the time during the work day and I'm never disappointed.  I get the soups a lot, which are always good.  The hummus is really good, too.  I'm a fan of the chicken shawarma and shish kabob as well.  The adjoining market is a nice addition and can make the trip more worthwhile.  I've been very happy with the veggie platters.  I think vegetarians will find plenty of options either with the platters or by building up sides.I'll continue to frequent this place because I work close by and this is far more interesting than most of the food in the area.  They never let me down.
4	I had the Philly Cheesesteak with the onions and peppers topped with a little cheese. I will be back to try some other menu items.
4	An excellent place to get Greek food. Love the Gyros plates as well as the Baklava. So glad that we have an authentic Greek restaurant/market so close to home. Most definitely a regular eatery for us.
4	This is a family (Jordanian Back round) owned and operated store with over 30 years  Food experience from Chicago . The Owners are MORE THAN NICE as they are cheerful friendly and offered me a taste of the exotic produce such as green almonds and tiny green plums that look like green cherries how interesting and rare is that !The Foods we tried were Great and Flavorful . We had the vegetarian plate #2 and beef kabob platter .The hummus and babaghrooj (I used same spelling as menu) were so neat and pretty with a tasty oil dip built in and some sort of grind-ed  mildly spicy pickled green pepper in the middle,these were the most delish I've had and the felafel's were so light but crispy on the outside  I wasn't sure if they were made with fava beans or a combo since they were green and the tahini sauce was the very best I've ever had all these were seasoned so perfect that is what made them so good . The beef kabob plate was great too great tasty beef nicely cooked onions and peppers with rice ,pita and a salad .We had to share one of their desserts it was a tiny pastry filled with pistachios and dipped in chocolate.This place is not fancy but it appears to be clean . This is a Halal so no pork is in this market . This is (almost fast casual but you do eat on real plates the food is made fresh to order a few minutes) and it is very reasonably priced .This Place is FIVE STARS Special if you are open to this kind of food you will agree .
4	After reading some of the post for this restaurant I decided to give it a try. I tried one of the vegetarian plates. Spinach pie, hummus &falafel, and a Greek salad on the side. Very very good. The spinach pie and the Greek salad yum yum.This is a great little place, I will be back every time I come to town. The price is right, and good food. Nice family owned restaurant, give them a try, you won't regret it.
4	Excellent spot for lunch if you work in the area. This is a great alternative to The same old chain restaurants, crazy packed and overpriced Norterra spots. They always have lunch specials and you get a lot of food for a very reasonable price. It is a grocery store/cafe and the owners are very nice. Has all the normal mediterranean/middle eastern items that one would except along with some other basic grocery items. They open early so I can grab some fruit in the morning and they stay late till 7 or 8pm so i can get some shisha or hookah coals on my way home. Chicken schwarma plate and gyro plate are my favorite so far. Plus get the spicy sauce, it's awesome!
5	This is the real deal, totally authentic and so so tasty.  A casual place with about 15 or so tables inside a quaint market that you can peruse while you food is being made,  I saw some past reviewers complain about how long it took to get your food, while yes there is a wait it is because your meal is being made on the spot when you order it, anyway walking through the market is a great way to spend that wait.  Hummus was good and the Greek salad is my new favorite,  we also split the combo plate, the chicken shwarma was hands down the best I have ever had and should be dipped in the oh so amazing tazilki sauce,  The chicken kabob should not be missed,  husband had gyros and he was moaning a little inappropriately while eating them.  The guy that owns is not only totally genuine but probably one of the nicest men on the planet.
4	Five times I have been here and have yet to be disappointed. The foodis reasonably priced, always served hot, and the service is great.There is always an elderly gentleman there when I go, and his infectiously good attitude almost makes my day. The gyros combo with fries and a drink at $6.99 is a good deal. I love soup and their homemade lentil soup is very good. The place reminds me of cozy neighborhood joints growing up in Cleveland. An Old World kind of feel. They make you feel like old friends.
5	Bomb hummus and falafals! Super friendly owners that are genuine in earning your business. Love it.
4	Good quality, tasty, and generous portions.
2	I've been to the Olive Tree Mediterranean Market and Grill a couple of times now for lunch.  This is small Mediterranean market with a restaurant on the side.  This review is for the grill area. On my last visit I ordered and Gyros combo, which was their featured item  of the day at $6.99 for a Gryos, fries and drink which was posted outside.  I asked if I could get the combo but substitute the fries for a small salad?  She said "yes, but there is an additional charge of $3"...  Since a really wanted a side salad and not fries I paid the extra charge.    I decided to order just the Gyros sandwich and a small side salad.  She stated "that will be $11.45, did you want a drink with that?  I stated "I thought a drink came it", she stated "no, that's an additional charge"...  This place is way too expensive for the quality of food you get when compared to any of the Greek restaurants around Phoenix.The upside to this somewhat expensive lunch was the food was very good.  My Gyros was just OK, but my Greek salad was very good!  It was also served on a glass dish with real flatware which is a plus for me.
5	I could eat here every day! The food is always exceptional. The owners are another big reason to come back often. They remember exactly what I like and are always so pleasant. It's the type of place you can go to order a Jordanian coffee and the owner will make one for himself as well to join you and have a nice conversation while you wait for your food. If you want the real deal and to support a great group of people make this your go to place!
4	Great little mediterranean deli.  I had gyros, falafel and a salad.  All were terrific.  The market side of the place had lots of interesting stuff such as marinated peppers and the like.
5	We tried The Olive Tree tonight after many positive reviews from friends. It was so good. My husband had the Gyro plate and spinach pie and I had the #1 veggie plate (hummus, falafel and babaghnooj). My husband had told them it was our anniversary and they brought us some tabbooli salad to share while we waited. We had baklava for dessert. The service was excellent. Overall a great experience-we will be going back for sure!
4	I have been to Olive Tree Mediterranean Market several times, yet I have only had a few items on their menu because they are sooo good!  The babaganoush,  hummus, and falafel platter is really good.  My friend and I generally get it with an extra side of falafel and it is more than enough to feed two.  The falafel, hands down, is the best I've ever had.  The atmosphere is nice as well.  The owners are pleasant and they recognize us, which is a plus.  The market is pretty interesting as well.
5	If you're looking for authentic, family style Middle Eastern food and market, I think you're going to have a hard time finding better than The Olive Tree.It's run by a Jordanian family that couldn't be nicer or more on top of their food game.  They're making cheeses, curing olives, baking baklava...all the good stuff you want from a specialty market.  The market itself is clean, well stocked and appears to have solid turnaround on their products.The grill can't be beat...the best kebab I've had (in the US).  Everything is super fresh and made to order.  The tabouli is awesome! Get the combo plate - choice of any three meats with basmati rice, salad, pita and garlic sauce.  The breakfast options are great too, for all you early birds. Stop searching for good Greek/Mid-East/Kebab, you've found the right place!
5	This beats out Greek Pita (which is right up the street) any day of the week. The gyro meat is flavorful and not dry, the spinach pie is flaky and delicious, and the baklava is AWESOME. The family who owns it are so friendly and nice, it's a pleasure every time we go there. My only regret is that they had been there almost 2 years before I went! Love it!
5	Great value and authentic food. Always prepared well and tastes great. Awesome lunchtime spot and a pretty good market selection.
5	Very nice place with authentic Mediterranean food.  The food is served on real plates (not in plastics baskets or paper plates) and I think that's a nice touch and better for the environment.The owners are very charming and will offer samples if you are unsure about what to order.
5	Great food, great service! Very impressed with this place and will be back!
5	Great food especially gyros
4	I've been to this place a few times in the past two years and stopped in again today for a quick lunch. The lady at the register says, "haven't seen you in a while!" I was taken aback that she remembered me! I'm happy to say that I really like this little family-run market/deli and their fantastic selection of foreign groceries. While I wait for my order I love looking at their strange and wonderful selection of canned and dried goods, most especially their sweets! Very good customer service and the little man with glasses is seemingly always sprightly and comical. I get their Gyros and it's always fresh and tasty. I'm sure I'll be back many more times.
4	I've had the Falafel sandwich and the lamb and beef gyro.  Both were very tasty.  The environment is great--there is a market attached where you can buy a whole bunch of international groceries.  The staff is wonderful and attentive.  They checked on us a couple times to see if we needed anything while we ate.  I'll definitely be back.
4	I am a big fan of this place.  We first went when we were moving nearby and the food was great.  I have been satisfied every time we go.  I like that it is a small family-owned restaurant and they are always very nice.  They are very nice to our kids when we bring them in, and help them with their selections.  I think this is a great place to take the family and it is not very expensive.
5	Excelent Falafel - check Great hummus - checkAwesome spanakopita - check**Warning** Beware that veggie doesn't always mean good for you.While I normally try to skip the cabs, I just couldn't stop stuffing myself with those perfect triangles of warm pita covered with their garlic pepper hummus; it was just the right amount of spice with a more than right amount of awesome!I don't eat falafel too often, but this was definitely the most interesting and tasty falafel I have had. Cover it with whatever that creamy sauce was and you're in vegan junk food heaven!If you're wondering how the spanakopita (spinach pie) was, you just can't go wrong with this option. I was plesantly surprised when the spinach didn't taste like you're average cafeteria bitter blah, whatever-ness like I was half expecting. They perfectly topped the spinach with fresh feta - which was some of the better feta I've had in a while. Covered with flaky layers of filo dough and baked til perfection --- mmm its so good.Olive Tree is super authentic with my only regret being that I didn't try the Gyro, I have a personal goal to find the valley's best gyro and have had one at close to 10 - 14 places thus far. For some reason, on my only visit here I was just feeling vegetarian, go figure. :/I don't imagine I will be back too soon, since I hail from CenPho and this place is like 15 miles away, but it will definitely be a destination if I'm within a few miles around mealtime!Quoted in weekly Yelp newsletter 7-25-2012: http://www.yelp.com/weekly?editorial_id=0YYMd5auwMs-83hardCBZA
5	Shwarema plate, pistachio baklava, salad, and coffeeGyro plate, salad, and pistachio baklavaThe baklava at this comfortable market was a revelation to me. I have apparently never had exceptional baklava, this is now fixed.
5	My sister in law introduced me to this place. Best gyros I have ever had!  Amazing house made baklava.  The owners are absolutely lovely.  Gyro plate is delicious.  Highly recommend!
4	OUTSTANDING semi quick Very Casual not fancy Mid East/ Greek style Grill.I've been pleased with everything I tried here over the years and the Olive Tree Market & Grill is really at the TOPS for a Grill of it's kind and it's a must stop to kind of place if you are in the area.The falafels are among the best in the valley and the sauces and dips are outstanding. They bake at least one of the breads in house I think it was the pitas. The salad here is the BEST I've had at any of these kind of places by a long shot. Kabobs are delicious and I like their shawerma more than others I've tried. Portions are large and prices are low. The food has always been fresh.They sell some produce and hard to find jarred and dry items and lots of variety of bulgur including the whole grain style.The owners are exceptionally nice and sweet you are always made to feel very welcome here.A Gem in this area for sure.4.5 stars
5	Some of the best ground beef I've ever had.  I will definitely return.
5	This place is absolutely delicious! I was raised on Mediterranean food, so I'm extremely picky... so when I took that first bite of falafel, I was in heaven! It was then followed by some of the most spectacular hummus I've ever experienced (that uses exceptional olive oil), and the baklava... scrumptious! Along with the food being as great as it is, the service is wonderful! The lovely people there were so friendly and wonderful! This is definitely going to be my go-to place!
5	deeeelishhhhh....bummed they arent open Sundays :{
5	Very good middle eastern food. A combined restaurant and grocery, the type of fare is standard for middle eastern food: grilled meats, rice, and a "greek" kind of salad.Their meals meet or exceeds the quality of other Phoenix area middle eastern restaurants, but they really stand out for their hummus.I eat hummus as a major staple in my diet and have tried dozens of different brands and restaurants; theirs is quite good, and comes served with a very authentic green zhug which is very hard to find outside of a true middle eastern kitchen.It is worth coming here for the hummus alone, and they sell it as a grocery item; just ask for the green zhug "hot sauce" to supplement it.
1	I don't know what planet the other reviewers are from, but I just got back from the Olive Tree Market and Grill and it was TERRIBLE. My lunch partner had the "classic" gyro combo and I had the chicken "schwarma" combo.  There isn't anything good to say about this place.  Neither of us finished our lunches.  The fries were oversalted, the cold chicken schwarma was pre-cooked, sliced chicken breast with the WORST tzatziki sauce. His gyro was not fresh, it was room temperature, the meat was below average and the produce wasn't fit for rodents, all of it very sub-par.  The place was dirty, grimy and just overall disgusting. That's what we get for trying a different Mediteranean place.
4	Good and easy on the wallet.
4	This is definitely a hidden neighborhood gem.  It reminds me of Haji Baba in Tempe - part grocery store, part delicious eats.  The gentleman behind the counter (presumably the owner?) was extremely friendly and welcoming.  We ordered the chicken kabobs and the vegetarian platter which included hummus, falafel and the eggplant dip which I won't even attempt to spell.  The chicken was juicy, flavorful and delicious.  The peppers that accompanied it were cooked to perfection as well.  The hummus was tahini-rich which makes it a winner for me.  They top it with a spicy green sauce which I thought was an interesting twist but the husband did not care for it too much.  The falafel and eggplant dip were delicious as well.  We ended our meal with baklava.  I don't know if it's made in house (we think maybe not) but either way, it's delicious.  If you need to stock up on tahini, this is the place to do it.  It's fun to poke around in the grocery area while waiting for your food.  Wonderful experience and we will defiitely be back!
4	I was hungry for Gyro.I checked Yelp and saw a place I had not heard of before. It is a nice market and restaurant. I wanted to sample a couple of menu items of my typical Mediterranean cravings. Gyro - Lamb and beef and grilled. Decent portion too.Hummus was very good.Grape leaves are really good. The filling is seasoned well like they should be. Not the tasteless wrapped in a grape leaf. I could make a meal of these alone.I am glad I found them.
5	Great authentic food!
4	Hidden gem in a business area where few good restaurants exist. The Jordanian owners are always very nice and friendly. I love both vegetarian platters (mostly because I appreciate the variety of falafel, baba, hummus, and/or spanakopita), but when in a carnivorous mood, the basic gyro platter is also yummy, though nothing out of the ordinary. The grocery part of the store is fantastic if you're a foodie like me, always intrigued by items not found in the megamart. Affordable Mediterranean staples, like tahini, and decent produce prices too (though quality/availability is hit or miss). Cons: Tabbouli could have more flavor (more lemon, less bulgar, maybe?), service can be slow if you are in a hurry during lunch. Overall, worth a trip if you're in the mood for something more authentic in this area of suburban, crappy chain restaurants.
3	The shawarma was good; the meat was tender, and the slices of pickled beets were a nice surprise. I also liked the blend of spices they used; I asked for it to be spicy, and was definitely given what I wanted. The baba ganoush, on the other hand, was flavorless, and had an odd texture. I threw about half of it away, and I love baba ganoush. I also ordered a piece of bakalava, which was tiny, and nothing to write home about. The owner was very nice, and friendly, and the service at the counter was quick. I was happy to be able to buy labne, a favorite food from when I lived in the Middle East, though I would have liked fresh pita to go with it, which I am able to get at  my usual restaurant/market.
4	I must admit that I'm a regular to this place and I usually stick to a side of Falafel and Hummus. Not that their gyros and sandwiches are bad or ordinary, it's just that you can easily tell that their Falafel and Hummus are freshly made and very savory. I've tried most of the items on the menu and the gyro sandwich, which everyone seems to like here, comes a close second to the falafel. I wouldn't rate their Chicken Shwarema very high since I've had better ones - especially at Biaz Market -   but the other items on the menu like the Baklava or their Spinach pie are very good indeed. The Olive Tree and Market is run by a Jordanian duo who are very friendly, if not sometimes subservient, and in general give this place a very nice and homely vibe.  Should checkout definitely.
5	Great place! Breakfast lunch and dinner. It has a small grocery for you to get middle eastern delights. They do some of there own pastries and it was delicious. We had something that came with honey on top and served warm. I'm unsure of the spelling but highly recommend it!
5	I am going to pay for this meal, but I don't care.  I will run a few extra miles because it was so worth it.  My shawarma chicken was to die for.  The chicken was marinated to perfection.  I also had a side of baba ganoush, omg, so delicious. I also ended up eating half of my hubby's lentil soup.   I wish I had enough space for the spanakopita.  I had the baklava "to go" for later.  It didn't even make it to I 17.  It was freaking delicious, the honey and pistachios were so prevalent in the taste.  I am still dreaming about it.  I also shopped for a few items at the market.  What a cool place.  Can't wait to take the hike back to the west side.
4	Great food, and love picking up something new from the market every time I eat there.
5	wow!  what an amazing place!  The owners are sooooo nice, and the food is delicious.  The food is authentic and well priced.  The market has some interesting food as well.
4	Better to eat their wonderful food in house. $5 delivery charge is not cool. Fresh and flavorful food. Hummus, tabouli, babagnooj, spinach pie and baklava all excellent. X-New Yorker
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! :) The food is amazing and the market is a great place to browse while waiting for your order. Our first visit the older couple working the counter were so sweet and helpful. They offered us samples of everything - baklava, lentil soup, hummus, etc. The hummus is addicting, I could eat it daily.
4	Finally had a chance to go here for lunch; I drive by it every day on my way to work. A group of us went here for an end of year lunch meeting. I think the pricing is very fair with the amount of food you receive. You order at the counter and they have a pick up area; although when we went they just brought the food direct to our table. Nice choices plus they have a mini-market which is a good place to find more cultural items you don't find in stardard grocery stores. Plenty of seating in the place if you have a larger group too; I'd say in total the place can seat up to 100 ppl. The staff was very friendly and quickly corrected a couple mis-orders. I will go back again soon; I predict my 4 stars will change to 5-star after a couple more visits.
4	Just stumbled upon this place, tucked away in a small strip mall in a business area behind a hotel. Stopped in real quick and bought hummus, tabbouleh and pita. The hummus is yummy! Very tangy...tabbouleh is great too. The pita is packaged elsewhere, but very fresh and delish.This super casual restaurant has a small market with tons of nuts, hard to find middle eastern canned favorites and a small freezer section with phyllo and it looked like meat pies etc.Their deli area wasn't opened for lunch yet, as I was there in the morning, but the menu looks like it has a great variety such as Kibbei, soups, salads,gyros, kabobs, shawarma, burgers...and they have a kids menu with burgers, dogs, chicken tenders and gyros.Looking forward to eating lunch here soon. Seems like a really nice mom and pop middle eastern market and grill.
5	Great food and great service!  Highly recommended. Very short detour off of freeway headed toward Phoenix. We will be back
2	Chicken kabob was bland and chicken was a little dry. My friend's chicken Shwarma tasted like Indian food not Shwarma. Not typical middle eastern/Greek food. Hummus and dolmades were good though.
5	I spent two weeks in beautiful Phoenix at the end of Feb/ Beginning of March and work put me up in the Hilton Happy Valley Garden Inn.  I was exhausted after my first day on the new job and didn't feel like going out, so I ordered some take out from the Mediterranean place next to the hotel.  The owners and people who work there are all super sweet and the food...  Oh man, is it delicious!  My ex-husbands family is from Lebanon and all love to cook an eat, so I know what real Middle Eastern food should taste like, and I have to say, this is the real deal!I have tried most of the menu and my top recommendations are Kibbeh (seriously, the best I've ever had.  You MUST try it!), tabbouleh (also made to perfection), the Vegetarian platter #1 with the delicious Spinach Pie, Falafel (flavorful and moist on the inside, cripsy on the outside with perfect texture), the very best Hummus I have ever tasted (and I have tasted so much hummus), pita and a delicious tahini with onion and spices mixed in.  The Pistachio Baklava is amazing too, but I don't recommend trying it because you will dream about it and have to fight the urge to order it daily.-Great Food-Very reasonably priced-Very generous portions-FriendlyServiceMy only negative feedback is that they close at 7, so there were days I wanted to order take out, but didn't finish up at work in time to make it.Now I want Kibbeh and Tabooli from Olive Tree but I'm stuck here in rainy Washington. Boo!
5	So far, one visit, one large Greek Salad with Gyro meat on it.  Delicious!!  The Tzatiki sauce was tangy, creamy and fresh tasting.  The salad was well made--perfect sizing on the chop with flavorful salad dressing.  I can't wait to have it again.I'm looking forward to trying other items reviewers have mentioned but in the meantime, I'm a super fan.
5	Love the food! Always fresh, hot and perfectly cooked! My favorite is the Lamb Kabob! The owners are great too! They always greet you with a smile and a hello! I will be a customer for as long as I live here!
5	First time to eat here! Wow, what a great find! This is a restaurant and a market that is in a little strip mall/shopping area. The inside is open with plenty of seating. You order at the counter and your food is brought to you when it's done. We ordered a gyro, Greek salad, and the spanikopita. The food came out quickly. It was delicious! Everything was fresh. The dressing for the salad was homemade. The meat on the salad and in the gyro was tender and had just the right amount of seasoning. The gyro was huge. The spanikopita had a flakey crust and went well with our meal. Prices are good. Portion sizes just right. Service was excellent! Quick to take our order and bring our food. Definitely will go back to try other menu items.
5	Ordered Greek salad with gyro meat and WOW!  Interesting place, restaurant and market combo.  Neat to walk around and browse  Mediterranean food while waiting for your order.  Family run establishment, casual atmosphere, and excellent food.I will be back.
5	Best breakfast. Loved the veggie omelette with hash brown. Tony the owner is very nice and friendly.
5	My family and I ate here on 9/11/2014 for the first time. I will cut to the chase and just say this place is delicious. I ordered the kebabs and my brother got the Gyro Plate with an appetizer hummus/pita. The flavors are wonderful and the salad dressing is oh so tasty. The owners were nice and lets just say we will be back to eat here again. I will be bringing my own container to buy that wonderful dressing for home :)
4	Stopped by for lunch today and ordered the Chicken Shawarma. Food is very flavorful and the Shawarma had just the right balance of yellow curry! I would definitely stop by again. My only criticism would be the price for what you get seems a little off. I was happy to not feel stuffed after eating, but I also wasn't full. For the price, I would suggest maybe adding a second Shawarma/Gyro.
5	My wife and I eat gyros and falafels here regularly.  The food is consistently good and the service is friendly and prompt.  We frequently find interesting things while browsing the shelves in the market.
5	I will agree! absolute hidden gem. Friendly staff, clean place, reasonable prices. The small mart/restaurant has plenty of seating. They also advertise they now sell breakfast, I'm curious.Has a Gyro and Pistachio baklava. The Gyro uses well proportion pita bread and good amount of meat. I don't like other places that use thicker bread and less meat giving you the illusion of a good sandwich. One of the owners guaranteed I would be back for the Pistachio baklava alone... I'm sold. One of the best I've had, anywhere
5	We were in a late meeting and needed to order lunch for delivery. We called and the woman was super friendly. Ordered the chicken shawerma plate. The chicken and rice had tons of flavor. The garlic sauce is fresh and adds to the flavor without overpowering the chicken flavor. The delivery guy was super sweet!
5	The hubby and wife who run this place are most adorable and the food is delicious. The highlight for me here is the hummus. I am obsessed with it and actually will order the appetizer and then get some to go for the week. I won't get hummus from the grocery store anymore. So delicious. Their pita sandwiches are pretty good as well as the plates.
5	Love this place!  They have been catering dinners, parties, and work events for us for years.  Food, service, prices are amazing.  Did I mention the food is amazing?  They offer authentic Middle Eastern food and a small grocery to purchase items hard to find in regular grocery stores.  They always deliver the orders on time no matter how big or small - 10 people or 300 people.  We also frequent there for lunch.
5	Best Mediterranean Market I've ever been to!! Very friendly staff and great fast service! Staff is very helpful with any questions you have. The market is fully stocked with all Greek, Lebanese, and Mediterranean food. The grill and food is very authentic and yummy. This market and grill is very clean also! I will continue to always go to this grill and market. Thank you Olive Tree so happy I found you!
