3	Heart attack grill offers a simple menu of burgers ranging from the Single Bypass Burger through the wheelchair-to-car-included Triple Bypass Burger and the unlisted Quadruple Bypass Burger.  In theory you could get your leftovers to go (and you will have leftovers) but in practice the staff recommends against this.  The single bypass burger is more burger than you care to eat.  Price is by burger size and includes lard-fried fries and a beer or soda, as well as taxes figured up front..  The burgers are tasty, with lots of fixings (onion, lettuce, tomoto, special sauce, bacon, ...) but if you come here for the food you're missing the point.Waitstaff are dressed in slinky nurse's outfits, the gimmick of this prototype of what will prove to be a successful franchise business.
1	Are you kidding me?  Seriously.If you like less than mediocre food while porn is being thrown in your face, you'll find it here.  Seriously.We never would have gone in here if we had any idea.  Seriously.Corporate Suits in town wanted to take a few folks from my office to lunch and chose this place.  There's an hour of my life I'll never get back.  Seriously.This place makes Hooters look very upscale and classy.  Seriously.  And the food.  Huge burgers and fries are the only choices.  The burgers?  Think Encore Frozen Salisbury Steaks on a bun.  Seriously.We left with the unanimous agreement that none of us would ever see the inside of this place again.  Seriously.
1	Horrible Food that has only one thing going for it - a "view" if you are into the "Hooters on Steroids" atmosphere.  This is a place for men, and I mean it.  Leave the kids at home, and make sure to come hungry.  This place has everything needed for success - CONTROVERSY!
1	I walked in with my sister and my boyfriend.  We wanted to see a menu before sitting down.  We were greeted by someone in a way-too-tight nurse's costume.  Every single man in the place turned around and stared at us.  Every man in there sat alone at the counter with a beer.  I wondered if we had accidentally walked into a strip club, based on the layout, the customers, and the wait staff.  The little nurse politely but loudly told us the menu was painted on the wall.  Heart attack burgers, "flat line fries", unfiltered lucky strikes and buckets of beer.  That's it.  So we turned around and politely walked out as fast as we could.
4	Wow!  Are there no reviews of this place, yet?  Okay, this is a funky, fun concept for a restaurant.  First of all I need to let you all know the food is great, although one might not want to eat it every day.  The menu fits on one business card, so the choices are simple. Nothing is diet at all, and the french fires are fired in lard.  BUT, the food is soooo good.  The concept is cute too.  The cooks are dressed as doctors, and the waitresses are dressed as nurses a la Tim Curry as he was dressed in the Rocky Horror Picture Show.  It sounds weird, but I recommend everyone who loves a great burger try the Heart Attack Grill in Phoenix.  Get thee there!  Yum!
2	' So how many pounds do you think I'll gain from one of their burgers? oohh... and with their lard fries?? ..I guess I'll take the chance!'These are the words that I said to pump myself up for what I thought would be a burger worth the weight gain..That didn't quite happen, not because I have a good metabolism but because they had NO BEEF!This was on a Saturday afternoon.. This was strike one.Strike two:Went back, pumped myself up again, had the burger and was completely disappointed.The atmosphere was lacking, the fries were not memorable and the beef was just off in flavor.All this unhappiness and I am still trying to work out the extra pounds.2 stars for effort.
3	I give them credit for originality & creativity. this place is worth going to just for that experience to say that you have actually been there. The burgers are huge and come with an egg on them. I'm not a fan off eggs but its thin and the taste is light. The waitresses are what you would expect to find at some strip club and often flirt with the guests. Oh, and if you couldn't guess, this isn't a place for the kids. haha. The meat on the burger is good, but i have better many times before, and the fries are ok. I hope they stay open just because the idea is so inventive, but i don't know if i will be going back anytime soon.
5	Please stop reading my Yelp and go here. NOW.  The food is pretty good, the fries are fried in LARD, which may sound disgusting but is 'Effing delish.  The waitresses are cute little naughty nurses, barely dressed,  that will sit and flirt with you no matter how fat n' ugly you are. They have burgers, fries, coke, beer, a full bar (?) and smokes (lucky strikes baby).  This is not a kid friendly place nor is it a good idea to bring the Mrs. here for your aniversary dinner.  But go, and you shall be rewarded.  Also if you finish (or attempt at the very least) a double, triple or quadruple bypass burger they wheelchair you out to your car.  Awesomeness ; free of charge.
1	This place = Failtown, USA.My friends and I went in a while back to check out what all the hype was about this place.  Sure, it seemed like it was a Hooters knockoff (replace wings with burgers), but we had some hope that this establishment would be legit. WRONG.The waitress informs one of my buddy's that if he finishes some sort of monster glutton burger then the meal was on the house.  Well sometime later, after putting that entire burger away, we get the check and notice the burger was still on the check.  We bring it up with the waitress who beats around the bush.  We then ask for the manager, who was VERY non-compliant.  After the discussion turns into an argument (wow real professional on your part Heart Attack Grill), he threatens to "call the cops if we don't leave and we better or else he's going to jump over the counter and punch us in the face."SO MUCH FAILRegardless of whether the food was good or not (nothing spectacular), I am NEVER going back there again nor would I recommend anyone else to do so.  There's a Red Robin a mile west on Warner that has a full bar and burgers just as gluttonous with unlimited steak fries to boot.  If I could give this place 0 stars (along with AIDS, Herpes, Cancer, and a slow fiery death), I would.DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE
1	Yes, as someone stated before, this place makes hooters look like a classy restaurant. You walk in, and the nurse tells you to sit wherever you want at this enormous awkwardly shaped table (a cross). I'm sure the owner or whoever designed it thought it was brilliant, but it was really awkward seating for our 6 person group. You sit on the outside of the cross, and the "nurses" work on the inside, taking orders/serving, etc. The inner lining of the cross also has mirrors, so you can check out your ugly nurses' asses from a variety of unflattering angles. And you end up staring and being stared at by other patrons of the restaurant, since you have to sit facing them.The food is really disappointing. Seriously, you expect the food at HAG to be like a "guilty pleasure," but for being that unhealthy, it has no flavor. Apparently, all they really intend is to clog your arteries, not to feed you something delicious. You can't justify putting that food in your mouth, because it tastes like soggy mush. Each patty is a half pound of unseasoned beef, cheese is optional. You have to go up and get your own tomatoes/onions/pickles (no lettuce), and also your own fries (which they charge extra for, and only put out in small batches, so you have to wait in line to get them since they run out so quickly). The fries, yes you would expect them to be delicious for being fried in lard, but no, they are soggy and gross. It was basically eating some disgusting potato and ketchup casserole. Oh, and all beverages come in a bottle, including water, which is another way for this cheap restaurant to charge you. Our "nurse" (i.e. waitress) was also 40+ years old, and should not have been wearing that skimpy outfit, and the other nurse was too fat for her job. I guess they make the ugly nurses work during weekdays (jk..not really). The service was terrible too. Seriously, there was barely anyone there, and the nurses acted like they were busy doing something, and never tended to us or followed up with us. Like dumbas$es we still paid tip.Anyway, go to hooters if you want better tasting food, better service, and better looking waitresses. I'm sure it's equally unhealthy, so don't feel bad. If you want burgers however, Red Robin has a tasty selection,, and their fries are absolutely delicious (and they bring them to you, so you're not standing in line like an a$$). Come to think of it, I think HAG stole their menu from In-N-Out. The burgers are the same, just bigger and flavorless. At In N Out, you can order a hamburger, a cheeseburger, a double-double, and then the "secret menu" of increasing cheeseburger sizes, and  which is exactly what HAG does. Basically, the way HAG runs its restaurant is to cut corners. Make you serve yourself, while still bringing your food to you to collect tip. The huge table is easy to service, cuz hey, it's just one huge table. You're not really engaged in what is supposed to be an amazing and awesomely unhealthy experience to remember. Nothing is fun about being at HAG. They don't live up to the theme of the restaurant than say, 5&Diner where you get the feel that you're in a 50s diner. Oh, and the music sucks.Bottom line, go to this restaurant if you want to clog your arteries. That's all you'll get out of your experience. That and regret.
1	Ahhh the infamous Heart Attack Grill. Listen, I am all for food that is bad for you. There is a place in this world for it, and I will defend that place in the world as I would defend my own country from invasion. However, when food is not good for you, it better taste good. This is the failure of the Heart Attack Grill. -When a burger is 8000,6000,4000, or 2000 calories, it better be in the top 10 of all time burgers. This is more like the bottom 10. The burgers here are SOOOOOO GREASY. If I went back I'd ask them for some burger with my grease. Now let me say, I'm not that guy who wipes off his greasy food with a napkin and THEN eats. When I seek out grease, bring it on. But the burger is so thoroughly and completely greased inside and out that there is no burger taste. Pure disappointment. -The fries, cooked in pure lard, were actually excellent. I almost gave this place 2 stars for that, but then I realized this is actually why I am giving it 1 star. -I do like the coke bottled in Mexico with actual sugar, not corn syrup or whatever the hell we use here. That was a plus. -I don't smoke, so I did not partake of the unfiltered lucky strike lung darts. -The wait staff. Wow, they aren't wearing much. We had a cute waitress, who would sit on the counter, and my sister realized that more of her butt was in contact with the counter than not. She was playing the role well. Flirty, dingy. There were some other waitresses that were probably 20 years her elder. I will not comment further for fear it may incriminate me. -The atmosphere.....White and Red, like In N Out or 5 Guys Burgers. Wheelchairs for people who eat triple or quadruple bypasses. What no Lipitor? I would bet money that the scary dude who sat next to us ogling the cute waitress for an hour was registered in the state as a sex offender, or at least on some FBI watch-list. I will leave you with the following thought as you ponder my lack of recommendation for The Heart Attack Grill. Someone said this place makes Hooters look classy. ACTUALLY this place makes the Crazy Horse Too in Las Vegas look classy.
1	One of the WORST experiences of my life.  My friends and I decided to go and check this place out as the local radio kept talking about it.  So the day we decide to go, the guy from the Colbert report was there mocking the restaurant also.  We go in and we thought, "hey wow, this is kinda cool" as they talked about monster proportions of burgers and fries fried in lard.  However, once the food arrived we sat down and although the wait staff was scantily clad, all of them had "cottage cheese" legs and thighs.  We sat down, and my friend decides to take their super burger challenge, she said if he finished his 2 lbs burger, his meal would be on the house.  He kills it, and when we ask why his burger wasn't free, we could no longer find out waitress and the owner says to us "you either pay or i come over the counter" he threatened us with violence, which is stupid as all we were doing was asking what about what the waitress had told us.  We will never ever go there again.  Being Asian, he also spewed racial slurs at us, calling us to go back to where we came from.  ALL of us were born and raised in Arizona so I don't know where we would go.  Anyways, don't go here.  Also, all of the patrons, ALL of them were middle aged men, who instead of paying attention to their wives and kids were hiding away at a nasty restaurant who's burgers aren't even really grilled.  the frozen patties from costco are placed on a machine that rolls the burgers through, so you can't even want a medium burger, they are all torched.  The fries although fried in lard, are crap.  All in all, if you're a lonely loser, this is the place for you.  If you're a classy kinda guy that wants REAL food, go to any other generic burger place and you will be more satisfied.
3	The novelty of this place garners it some brownie points, and you definitely don't come here for the food. Yes, scantily clad nurses will serve you your food, cheerfully chat you up, and be agreeable to a photo shoot at the end of your meal. You'll also appreciate the little things Heart Attack Grill does (i.e. conveniently placed mirrors at ass-level behind all the counters for any patron's ogling pleasure), and there's no shortage of little quirks that definitely give the place character (i.e. their refusal to serve any diet sodas).The food kinda sucks, though. I'll admit I liked the huge and considerately chilled Coke bottle, but that's about it. The fries were quite...flaccid and stale, the burger didn't seem so fresh or special, and it was relatively pricey for the amount of sustenance you get. Even so, you don't need more than a single bypass burger, unless you're itching to be useless for the next few hours, or if you are a gorilla. Yet the clever presentation of what might sound like a practical joke with poor taste makes this place worth visiting with some friends. You'll have fun, and you'll be plenty full by the end of it!
2	I saw the Heart Attack Grill on television and knew they had scantily clad nurses and lard induced food. What you don't realize is the restaurant is really going for more than the lard version of Hooters.  They want to give you the feeling that you are eating in a strip club.  By that, I'm not suggesting that the nurses are inappropriate or wearing too little clothing. It's just that you walk in and they have long tables shaped like a bar with stools. It's like a cheap inside joke, they are TRYING to be the ultimate guys hangout: lard burgers and fries, waitresses who are dressed like stripper nurses, no veggies, no diet coke,  all the lard drenched steak fries you can eat, corona's and regular coke served in bottles.  Yeah, I'm fine with all of that and I understand this place is going for that theme. So in short, the concept is fun but the execution is horrible. Here are the problems1. Food: the burgers tasted as if they went to Food City and bought the cheapest meat they could buy and dump it in some lard. The lard didn't not make the food taste any different with the exception that I felt really full and heavy at the end of my meal. The food was very disappointing. 2. Scantilly clad women in nurses outfits are fine as long as the women wearing the outfits are attractive. That wasn't the case here. They are not even Hooters quality in terms of attractiveness.3. Yes, I want greasy food but I don't want to feel like I'm standing next to the fryer as I eat the food. The floor had so much grease that had condensed from the air that I almost slipped several times. The place had a bad odor and it just stank from the lard. You felt like you were eating in the kitchen.4. Lack of service: the nurses chat with you and are friendly but they don't serve you. It's like Fudruckers. You get your own fries. You put toppings on your own burger. You fill out your own order/check at the end. The waitress only takes your drink order and points to a wall and aks you to pick out a burger5. Scary crowd: the people eating at the restaurant reminded me of people on the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. We are talking major rednecks here!  It was mostly middle aged guys sitting by themselves and eating as if they were at a strip club I also saw a bunch of kids eat here and they looked as if they running moonshine between Kentucky and Ohio in the 1920's.6. No credit cards.  They have an ATM in the place if you lack cash7. Expensive.  I paid 14 dollars for a beer and a burger.  For the cheap a$#$ environment, you woud think the prices would be less but you
4	This place is aces!!! Girls, don't be afraid to take your man here, even though the girls wear slutty nurses outfits they really take time to befriend the girls that come here!!! not to mention how hot is the doctor thing!!!! the burgers have good flavor and you got all the T and A you can handle... have fun!!! this place is great!!!!!
1	I ate hear and the waitresses were cute but looked like they were on strung out on meth. The burger was good for the first 2 bites then the taste became very monotonous, I would not go here again.
4	If you aren't easy big greasy cheeseburgers, cold beer and hot waitresses who really turn on the charm then stay away from this place.  It isn't for those with weak stomaches and narrow minded chain driven people.  A little bit pricey but well worth it.
5	In a word fantastic.
1	I LOVE the concept.  It's close by.  The owner is a nice guy.  But there's a huge problem here, as others have opined - the burgers are HORRIBLE.  The bun is disgusting (if you can't even get the bun right, that's pretty sad) and the fried burger patty is bland, fatty, greasy, and not the least bit appetizing.  The fries are OK, helped taste-wise by the fact they're cooked in lard.  But they're nothing to write home about.  Everything else is all about the gimmick.. beer, booze, broads, cigarettes.  The burgers are EXPENSIVE.  Sorry, but I just can't come back.  If the burgers were even half-decent, I think this place would be a huge success.  But they're not, and I'd bet that repeat business is not nearly what it could be.
1	I went to Heart Attack Grill after seeing it in the national nursing media headlines (they were putting this place down for creating a demeaning/sexualized view of nurses). So, of course, I had to go and see what the fuss was about. I walked in to the very small location, to find only 2 other tables with customers (older, unhygienic, obese men). The two waitresses on staff were less than appealing (and I'm the kind of girl that can look at an attractive woman and admit it) and the "cook" behind the counter, in the scrubs/doctor uniform looked like his clothes and hair hadn't been washed in more than a week. Went ahead and ordered anyways. Their menu consists of 4 burgers (single, double, tripple, or quadruple bypass bugers), flatliner fries, and soda... but no diet soda. Oh, you can also order a pack of Camel filterless cigarettes if your stash is running low. I ordered a single bypass burger, flatliner fries, and a coke. The burger was sub-par... very greasy and the fries were soggy and half cooked. The only positive thing I have to say is that I enjoyed drinking a Coke out of a cold glass bottle. I'd rather go to Hooters to see hot, half-dressed chicks... and I'd rather go ummmmm... ANYWHERE else to eat.
4	For the uninitiated, the place is called Heart Attack Grill and makes no secret of its active use of lard in everything they make. So for the girls in the audience (yes you, sissy boys who think lard is "icky"), this is food meant for people whose genes will still be around in a thousand years.THE FOODI had a double bypass, my buddy had a single bypass and so did my girlfriend. We also shared a basket of fries.The burgers were as promised, meaty and greasy. There was no lack of cheese and the bun did not fall apart like Carl's Jr. buns always do. There is also no mistake that real meat was used in creation of this diet buster. The double bypass will certainly test the limit of an average person, but it is quite tasty to those of us that do not survive on soy-based diet. The fries are unquestionably greasy, but are crispy and compare well to most fries out there. I'd certainly choose these over In-n-Out fries.SETTINGYes, the girls are scantly clad and keep your wait time pleasurable. Our waitress was quite friendly and spent quite a bit of time talking to us. So I understand why the girls are rating this place poorly. The place was relatively full when we dropped by at 2 in the afternoon and people ranged from well dressed middle aged couples to never-use-the-shower early 20-somethings. And of course, a couple of drooling teenagers.I would give higher rating if the hours were more convenient for me.OVERALL: I can do this once every quarter or whenever I have a friend visiting from out of town. More often and your guts will hate you.
2	Yeah it kind of sux! Burgers aint that great (Though not terrible), girls aint that hot (At all :( ), place aint very exciting (or clean).Yeah it is kind of cool that they are dressed as nurses and you get a little hospital bracelet with their name and such. However, putting on mandatory hospital gown is odd and kind of off putting (To me anyhow). They also do have a bar and sell unfiltered stogies of some kind. They also do not take CC!!! WTF I say! Is is a bit too much "Old times charm" for my taste. There is an ATM right in there so there is no real need to bring cash with you. I do not know, whole thing kind of odd. It would fit my better in like Greer or Page or something, rather then in Chandler.
4	Mmmmm now that's a tasty burger..... And of course the nurses were very nice too
4	We went there on a Sunday morning in June.Had seen it on TV before.  Were not disappointed with the real thing.  Friendly young ladies who looked good in their uniforms. Good service. Burgers weren't bad. The have a large condiment bar where you can add good things like tomatoes, pickles, onions, jalapenos. Just can't understand why they don't have milkshakes  -- wouldn't milkshakes be more conducive to heart attacks than Coke?  They also have beer and wine. We would visit again if we ever get back to the Phoenix area.
4	Hungry?  Thirsty?  Lazy?  In need of sexy scenery?  Well, there's a one-stop shop for all your needs down in Chandler, AZ.  It's called, Heart Attack Grill and lemme tell ya, it lives up to it's name.  You can take care of your hunger with a double, triple, or quadruple bypass burger and an all-you-can-eat French fry bar, ease your thirst with an old-fashioned coca-cola straight outta the glass bottle (from Mexico even so it's real sugar), and even get your lazy butt wheeled out to your car by sexy nurse waitresses after you've finished (if you order the giant burger)! What could go wrong you ask?  Well, very little, imo.  I went to Heart Attack grill fully expecting a greasy, over-the-top experience and I was not let down.  First impression, the bright red and white emergency motif, nurses in cute uniforms, good oldies kinda music and powerful smell of... lard? LoL  My friend and I both ordered the single bypass burger, cokes and he got the all-you-can-eat fries (no sharing allowed but that's ok because it's cheap - 1.85 per person).  Our burgers came out a little while later and lemme tell ya, even the buns were coated in grease.  I noticed not everyone had that slick shiney bun though so people in the know must order without the extra juice.  Really, I could've done without the extra slippery lard buns but other than that, it was a decent burger and a fun experience.Things I liked - the old videos playing on flat screens above me, the waitresses who bent over while talking to other customers so I could check out their bootays, the almost all female staff (only 1 male), and the funny sad fact that anyone over 350lbs eats for free.  Gross.Things I didn't like - it was pretty messy... I guess cute cosplay waitresses don't really clean as well as regular waitresses do, the waitresses could've been more curvy (of course I like girls a lil think anyway), the greasy buns that fall apart a lil while u try to eat em, AND... the funny sad fact that anyone over 350lbs eats for free.  Gross.If I lived in Arizona, I'd probably go every once in a while, just for fun and of course, to entertain guests.  Not a good date spot. LoL  The manager guy was really nice though... he even played 'California Lovin' for me over the flat screens.  I told him if he opens a joint in Tokoyo, I'll go be 'head nurse' for him!  Another cool thing, starting in October, they're going to have a live band on Saturday's from 2-7.   I guess some of the guys in the band have history with Alice Cooper and kinda with Metallica.  Neat.  I'll be back to AZ in November and I'll have to come by and check it out again.  See ya there!
4	Awsome food!If you're looking for fancy, dainty, or any adjective other than basic - forget it.Real back to fundamentals food!Burger - beef, fried, nothing else. (with cheese is default)No special sauce or secret seasonings, just real meat.They do have a "garnish" bar - but don't look for the lettuce.Fries - potatoes, fresh cut before your eyes, then fried - in lard.Coke - cold, in a glass bottle, made with real sugar.Enjoy your burger, fries, and a Coke unadulterated!
3	There are quite a few unique things about this place, drinks are bottled water, bottled coke, Corona or Bud (there is no tap water as they have no glasses). There are really only two things on the menu, a burger (either Single, Double, Triple or Quadruple Bypass) with or without cheese and an endless order or fries. They had a toppings bar with pickles, jalapenos, tomatoes and onions but no lettuce (it's considered health food). There is mustard, mayonnaise, ketchup and vinegar but no hot sauce.For $499 you can get a membership and can eat 3 meals a day every day of the year if you'd like. Another schitck they have is if you weigh in excess of 350 lbs your meal is on the house (you can eat there 3 times a day if you please). And there is currently an eating challenge for an individual to complete a Quadruple Bypass in a single sitting but I don't think you receive anything. They have the fasted time at around 2:30 minutes currently.I ordered a Single Bypass with cheese and the french fries. The fries were tasty but not nearly as crispy as I'd like. They were quite limp which actually made it somewhat hard to dip them in the ketchup. They were extremely fresh though, they cut and make them almost non-stop throughout the day. However they are fried in lard and are extremely greasy.The burger was good but certainly nothing I couldn't whip up at home. Mine was slightly undercooked for my liking but not enough to have them recook it. They use a 70/30 beef to fat patty, which for me is too much. On top of that they add pork fat while cooking and dip the buns in  pork fat as well. As you can tell they're very much into excess here. For all the added calories there is not sufficient added taste.The whole thing is over-the-top and cheesy but I guess you can say you come here for the experience more than anything and for that it's more than worth the $10 and the food is at least acceptable. It's really more of a show than anything else. I was hoping to get to see someone attempt the Quadruple Bypass but sadly I didn't get to witness one. It's somewhat strange but families, with young children, tend to eat here a lot too. I don't know how I'd feel about bringing my kids here, not quite the right place. The staff and the crowd was quite enjoyable. I'd eat here occasionally if I lived near by, if only for a good time.I have photos and a more in depth review on my personal blog.
2	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service5 Atmosphere7 ValueThe stars seem disjointed from the scores.  That's because if you eat here you will lose months off your life each time.  People that say it doesn't taste good can't get past the mental block of how greasy and unhealthy it is.  If you can, it's delicious.  But if you think about what you're eating too long, even just the thoughts will make your left arm tingle.
1	I saw this place on a show and me, and my husbend decided to check it out. I thought it would be fun to take my mother inlaw along as well. When we got there, we were blown away by how the place was set up. Was real creative. Our server took good care of us.Our food came pretty fast. It was neat to be able to build your own. However, half way through our meals, we had enough. The food was way to greased up. We all ended up getting sick after. I think it might be because we were not used to eating that much junk food in one sitting. It is worth checking out at least once, but be careful what you order.
4	Its no pretending here.  Its a bad for you burger.  Its almost old fashioned before non hydrogenated whats its oils and crap.  Its meat, lard, bun.  REAL sugar cokes and frys done in lard.  Yes you can get monster burgers here and that is their "fame" but they are also good.  I have never had any issues at all about servce, and never promised, read or anything about a free burger if you eat it.  Give it a shot to find out what food is suppose to be before the invention of artificial everything (just not often).
4	This place is heavy on gimmick, but I'll tell you the burgers are phenomenal!  I think it wouldn't kill the theme to have Diet Cokes, but that's a small issue.  I plan on visiting again on my next visit to the valley.
1	not.that.good. verging on bad. but you cannot say no to the kid who wanted badly to go.
2	My husband, 6-year old son, friends & their kids ended up eating lunch here last Sunday.    It was a severe "cheat" day for my Weight Watchers diet.   On the good side, I LOVED the fries!!!!   I love soft, greasy, skinny, non-crispy not quite cooked french fries....these were SO good!  I couldn't get enough!    First time I had something like that in a really really long time.    Also, it was a fun and unique atmosphere...made you feel OK to eat really, really bad for that one occasion.    I wouldn't recommend bringing kids normally but I like the hosptial aprons for their messes.On the other side, the burgers were average to below average (the buns were good though) but better than a fast food joint.   I split one wtih my 6-year old son.  Our waitress was very nice and helpful, but if you are a guy looking for some super artificial hot chics to serve you (I'm not) then you're at the wrong place.  Its one of those places that you do once to say you went and that's it.   I don't know that I would visit again unless I was taking out of town guests that really wanted to go.
4	Don S's review below is right on point. I love places that are out of the norm and this place fits the bill. I heard about it quite some time ago on the Food Network and pledged to eat there one day. Well, today I was in Phoenix and my brother drove us.  We had a great time. Huge, GREASY, 1/2 poind patties on large, GREASY, buns served with GREASY cheese. You won't find lettuce here, but you can add all the pickles, jalapenos, tomatoes and onions you want. Fries? They were GREASY.... but fried in REAL GREASE. Fries cooked in hot lard. I don't know what trans-fat looks like but I'm sure these fries are the poster children for unhealthily cooked food.We each had a Double Bypass and they were great. I'd recommend leaving off all the condiments and veggies so you can just savor this GREASE soaked piece of heaven. I could have gone for a Triple, but in retrospect, my heart is probably happy that I didn't. If you order the Quadruple, they wheel you out in a wheelchair. (seriously, they do)Sugar laden Coca-Cola in large bottles, water and Margaritas are your choices for drinks.All in all, this is a unique food joint that you have to experience at least once in your life. It was fun, tasty, GREASY and reasonably priced. You will never forget it. I know I won't.
1	And now ladies and gentlemen... the single worst establishment I've ever had the pleasure of eating at. Heart Attack Grill has ZERO redeeming qualities. There is not a single reason for me to even get close to giving this place anything more than one star. This is one place that makes me wish Yelp would allow a zero or negative star rating. Now, to preface this review... I'm not an idiot... I know that this place is "The Heart Attack Grill" so I went in prepared for greasy and unhealthy food but hoped it'd be fun and even though unhealthy, maybe taste alright. Whoa, was I ever wrong to hope for that. They group their burgers by how many patties there are... starting out with the Single Bypass burger (one pattie) and going up to the Quadruple Bypass burger (four patties). Being a little more on the conservative end, I went with the Single Bypass burger and a side order of fries. My Dad came along for the fun and he got the same... for the purposes of this review I should tell you that my Dad is a machine, he can eat... and he doesn't mind a little grease. Right as they bring our food out, I immediately get intimidated. The patty of the burger was dripping with fat and the meat used was such low quality (extremely high fat/meat ratio) that the patty didn't even appear to be beef... it had this whitish tint to it that you'd have to see to believe. I've never seen such an unhealthy piece of beef in my life... it doesn't help that they cook it in pure lard either. This was beyond unhealthy, it was disgusting. I feel like if you're making something blatantly unhealthy there should at least be a method to the madness; there should be some attempt at wanting to make it actually taste good (it is food by the way). It just seemed like they were pushing the grease and lard to the absolute maximum just to see how far they can take it. Well I'm not impressed... I took one bite and was instantly grossed out, I actually almost threw up it was so bad. My Dad who can hang with the best of 'em was able to stomach about three bites until he could no longer continue. The second we left the place I turned to my Dad and said "that's the worst single piece of food I've ever put in my mouth". I'm not exaggerating when I say that I'd rather eat a dried up piece of dog shit between two buns than a Heart Attack Grill burger. The only thing worse than the food is the tacky and over the top waitresses. They wander around in little nurses outfits often times with their underwear quite visible, and their whole bar area has a slanted mirror to actually encourage you to look up their skirts. That'd be fine and all, except I didn't want to look up these skirts. If you're going to have your wait staff dress sexy, you better make sure they're worth looking at in the first place. These girls were a little rough around the edges... most of them had that 'ex-stripper' look; and I could have sworn that one of them had bullet wounds on her stomach... that's not a joke.P.S. I actually dry heaved while writing this review just thinking about my fat drenched burger. DO NOT GO HERE.
4	Ever since this place opened up while I was attending ASU, I've always been tempted to try it out. But my recent visit to Phoenix for birthday related festivities, and my new favorite TV show, Man vs. Food, inspired me to step up to the challenge!My first visit to the Heart Attack Grill, I had to tackle the 8,000 calorie, Quadruple Bypass Burger; in honer of Adam and food challengers everywhere!First things first, the establishment is a riot! I can't picture people NOT having fun there. The outfits, the blood pressure machine, the margaritas... The atmosphere is incredibly fun.I had to get an order of their "Flat-Liner" Fries... never tasted deep friend lard before. But to be honest, I wasn't impressed. The photo on the menu made them look a lot more appetizing then I felt they were. I've had better for a lot fewer calories... but because you get UNLIMITED Flat-Liner Fries, I'm still satisfied.But the hamburger... Amazing! One of the best hamburgers I've tasted! Despite the size of this 2 lb. beast, I was able to wrap my jaws around it and take some full bites. Delicious! Cheese drips everywhere and flavor just explodes in your mouth.I was victorious with the challenge, despite being slow with time (took me 25 minutes... I heard the record is 1 min. 47 sec.). It definitely was a challenge. The first 10 minutes were cheese burger heaven. But by the end of the meal I was tired of eating, changing the flavor of hamburger with the occasional tomato or pickle (also, an excellent condiment bar to build your burger how ever you like it). But I persevered, and I was happily removed from the building by my sexy waitress Nurse Mary in a wheel chair.A thanks goes out to my friend Amberly who joined me and gave me support when I was slowing down. Her optimism definitely helped me finish this race.Next time, I will definitely order a smaller burger...
4	This place isn't as bad as a lot of people make it seem. I didn't eat much, just a single bypass but my boyfriend and my brother had that and flat liner fries as well. To be honest the fries didn't look all that desirable but they kept going back for seconds.My burger was nummy however! They didn't seem to drench it in lard too much, it was certainly a 3 napkin burger though. The meat itself was tasty and the cheese was so good. To be honest it was probably the best burger I had that was under $10.The girls themselves were pretty cute and weren't dressed that skanky. They seemed to of changed the outfits since the time they aired on various shows, except for the ample cleavage and the slits on  the back that got you peeks of red undies. You go in thinking your gonna be proper and not take a look ... but it kind of happens anyway. I'm a girl and I am not complaining. They look a lot more natural and girls next doorish then the hard boobed plastic Hooters gals.They only got 4 stars from me because the service was almost nonexistent. Maybe because there was a girl in the group? I feel sorry for the boys that the girls didn't spend any time to flirt with them like they did with most dudes there. I would of like to of been asked if I wanted something else to drink. But oh well. They also seem to close a bit early for a Friday night.Don't know if I would go again, maybe if I am feeling spontaneous ... Mostly because I am moving next month. But if I ever come back to visit I would probably look them up.P.S. Bring cash. I didn't know they didn't accept cards until I got there. There was an ATM but I used the bank in the same shopping center.
5	This place is everything it's promised to be.  Greasy giant burgers.How can some of these people give it 1 star because of it's grease?   It's the Heart Attack Grill!  If you don't like grease, stay away from it!This was an amazing burgers and I really liked the fries.  Amazing cheese / meat ratio on a triple burger.  I finished it all but I didn't feel good afterwards.ALSO MAKE SURE THEY DON'T OVERCHARGE YOU!  Waitress tried to charge me $10 more than what the total should be.  They count the total up in their head.
5	I drove from LA to Chandler with my roommate just try the heart attack grill. Naturally I had pretty high standards. Heart attack grill met my wildest (and naughtiest) dreams. First off the decor is amazing. Outside, inside, it was just great to be there and it felt so unique. The food amazing. I finished the quadruple bypass in 9 minutes and enjoyed every bite. I could have eaten another double bypass but instead made a return trip to the all you can eat french fry bar. Which serves delicious fries. Plus the coke made with real sugar was delicious. Now I know why everyone from my dads generation always raves about the original coke. Last but definitely not least was the nurses. Between the food and the nurses I felt like I would definitely be needing mouth to mouth by the end of the experience. The nurses are very attractive and friendly. Not to mention that the uniforms are a great sight. I will definitely be making a return trip over the summer with more of my friends so they can experience the joy of the heart attack grill.
4	This place is literally a heart attack waiting to happen.  I was in Arizona visiting one of my best friends and he wanted to take me to Heart Attack Grill because he heard about it on Travel Channel's Best Places to Pig Out and had never gone.  As a consumer of large foods, I went for the quadruple bypass burger and it was indeed large.  They cook everything in lard, so it was extra greasy and had complete flavor.  I was actually very impressed with the taste.  My first bit was delicious...granted, there were many more bites after.  I loved it and was able to finish the monster of a burger.  I did add some pickles to the burger since I needed it to get through all four layers and 2lbs of burger.  The fries were pretty good too.Minus one star because the "hot nurses" were not that hot except for one (our server) who was kinda a B****.  She wasn't just that, but not even attentive when I needed an extra water.Oh well...in the contest between Rube vs Heart Attack Grill's quadruple bypass burger...RUBE WINS!
1	Great idea, but fail execution.Well... I don't know about great, but it is certainly an interesting idea. Almost clever. Going here was my friend's idea - it was either this or get that gastronomical abomination from KFC where they give you a bacon and cheese sandwich and then replace the bread with deep fat fried chicken. I don't like KFC, so I went with this. My choices might as well have been a kick in the face or a stomp on the nuts.I didn't know what to expect. We walk past the ambulance into the restaurant. The air was thick inside. Oily. I quickly notice that everyone is wearing hospital gowns while devouring their meals. If peopleofwalmart.com was a movie - this would be the cast. We found ourselves seats and were greeted by a sweet young girl who put a hospital wristband on us and then came around to put on our gowns. The place is staffed with cute girls in nurse costumes. I look down at the menu and the choices are called bypass - the severity varied by how many slabs of meat they put on. It was all kind of fun at first.I ordered the lightest thing on the menu - a single 1/2 pound burger - also an order of fries (which are unlimited refills) and a water... outside of water, my choices are sugar drinks or beer. My friend ordered a Double Bypass which was a pound of meat, also fries and also beer. The fries were cooked in lard - they didn't taste too bad, but were not crispy or special at all. They just weren't worth getting up for seconds. Soggy, floppy and flavorless... just something to deliver salt to my stomach.The burger arrived in a paper tray looking like a sad heap of grease. The bun was glistening - soaked with grease. Butter? Lard? Motor oil? I couldn't be sure, but the first bite told me I didn't want a second. I peeled the top bun from the burger and plopped it in the tray. I attempted to take another bite or two, but couldn't take it. The meat was sub-par shitty, fatty grocery store beef. The cheese was cheap tasting as well. Not that I expected wine and caviar, but for food this cheap and shit tasting, I wouldn't expect to pay so much. I didn't eat more than a few bites of the burger and I didn't touch the fries much, but I still felt both full and hungry at the same time. I pretty much just ate a few pickle slices and drank a bottle of water. The waitress asked how I liked it - my friend loved it and said he would've had seconds. I said it was terrible and that I was dissatisfied. I didn't ask for any money off the bill and she didn't offer it either. Even though I didn't eat it, she charged me 12 bucks or whatever it was. I wasn't entitled to not having to pay or anything - I mean, I ordered it. I should've known what I was getting into. Still, many restaurants would've bent over backwards to make me happy. I can't really bust them down a star for this, but even if I could there's no option for negative stars. Heart Attack Grill served me one of the worst burgers I've ever had. The novelty of it wore off as soon as my food arrived. If you want to eat an unhealthy yet savory burger/fries meal - go to in'n'out burger.I will never eat here again. I like greasy food sometimes, but I would rather eat a stick of butter and wash it down with bacon grease. Seriously - fuck this place. Then again... my friend loved it, so you never know.
4	had heard about this place for several years, and it seems like not a week goes by that some reader doesn't suggest it to me. Motoring across the Southwest today, and finding myself on I-10 in Phoenix at lunchtime, it was the perfect opportunity for me to check out the Heart Attack Grill.This place screams "fun" and "man cave" from the moment you walk in. One of the "nurses" approaches each patron at the door with the requisite hospital gown and wrist bracelet which "must" be worn in the "operating room". Your choice of seating include a counter, tables, or an outdoor patio.The menu is placed in front of you, and the choices are few: a single, double, triple, or quad bypass burger; a buffet of fries (fried in pure lard, the sign says). The server was quick to point out they have no diet drinks or iced tea, just real coke (what, not Mexican coke?), Jolt, or PBR. For real men, they sell Lucky Strikes and Camel Straights.I ordered the quad, for effect, they offer you a choice of cheeses, but otherwise, the decorating is up to you, at the ample fixins bar. (Which have some of the best dill chips I have ever had, anywhere).It's help yourself to the lard fries, too (small extra charge), which are dumped into a bin up front, hot, fresh, and very frequently.My "nurse" Alicia, brought my quad out to the table, and stopped for a second for a photo op. Yes, there IS a burger in that photo, folks.She said "you are really going to enjoy eating this," to which I could only reply, "hell, I can't eat it, I'm just going to admire it!"I went back to the fixins' bar for more pickles to much on the side.I managed to work my way through one of the patties before tossing in the towel (gown?). The burger is full-flavored, and holds together well, indicating a pretty high fat content, which would be appropriate for the venue. It's like when people ask you if you like your chicken 'wet or dry." If you like your burgers "wet", this is the place for you.The service is over the top amazing, with the cheery girls, and knowledgeable kitchen staff that interacts with the patrons. This place has been around for several years, and I don't know why the landscape isn't dotted with them, certainly more "fun"and unique that the any of the recent burger expansions, IMHO. Why hasn't Hooters bought this to prop up their ailing concept?If you happen to be in Phoenix, or are just passing through, make the Heart Attack Grill an "emergency stop."
2	Went here two weeks ago with the family, as we wanted to experience the lard burgers first hand.Really, the burgers here are just okay and the fries are not good. Coke in a bottle is nice, so they got that going for them.If you need to test belly room with triple or quadruple size burgers, go for it. Believe I'll head elsewhere for a good single.
3	I had a decent 1lb double burger that was not juicy, it was sopping wet. Fries cooked in animal fat have good flavor, but they were a little limp and not very crispy. I had a PBR and a real sugar bottled Coke, which are really good.If you haven't been to this place you should go, it's a fun place to visit. I went on a Saturday and I thought the young 'nurses' were some quality eye candy. I'm not going back because I respect my health to some degree. However, I was entertained and liked that the place doesn't pull any punches. Just go once, and cross it off your local bucket list.
2	Decided to meet some friends today for lunch...and frankly, heard enough about it to make me want to try it.Really, the only thing that earned the stars for me was the waitress.  She was funny, just engaging enough, and she actually made me feel as if she was interested in talking to me.  The fries were okay - but unlike the other reviews, I didn't taste much in them.  I'm okay with a meal like this (blatantly unhealhy) once in a while...but this really wasn't worth the trouble.Maybe I am spoiled, but the burger was tasteless and the bun was soaked in butter but not toasted.  I really enjoy Diet Coke with any meal (I know, I know...not unhealthy) and had to settle for water.  The fries were not cooked through (you know, when they are hard in the middle but soft on the outside)...and just not worth it.And, really, I hate the "cash only" places.  I'll skip it next time.
4	Hooters comes to mind when you think of a place like this. Yes. Hooters with hamburgers. Now that I think about it. Hooters and good food have nothing in common. Where as the Heart Attack Grill has pretty good burgers. But you know you're walking into a situation where the servers are going to be running with the theme of a hospital and be dressed as nurses. Let me quote Animaniacs and say  "Helloooooooooo Nurse!" From the get go they tell you that eating here is not good for your health. It says it on the front of the door. It's like a cactus with spikes pointed out just telling you "This will hurt if you touch it!" But hell, who doesn't want a hamburger named after a medical procedureYou walk in and the place is set up like a huge bar made out of a giant red cross logo in the middle. Inside of which the dressed in nurse gear servers take your order while sports play on television. This place is delightfully tacky. burgers vary and a bypass is considered a half pound patty. So there's a single bypass, double bypass, triple bypass and quadruple bypass. You get the deal. They have fries that are cooked with lard. Sounds healthy, right?It wasn't till about half way into the meal that I realized that the inner red cross symbol of a counter had mirrors that were angled up. This caught me off guard, like - wait, why am I looking up skirts while enjoying a burger? But sure enough they're there on purpose to give you a better view of the underwear of the waitresses. Oh man, that's when the misogyny was in full bloom, right? Before feeling like a tool of the Patriarchy I looked over at the margarita bar and there was two couples that had to be in their 70's or early 80's. All of them eating the single bypass. And I really just thought to myself that this place couldn't be so bad if they are able to attract those elderly people here. Either that or I need to rethink what I know about the elderly. This may be a case of Benny Hill syndrome and I'm just not hearing the Yakity Sax playing in the background.During the course of the meal they also had someone weigh in at the proper 350 pounds and surly enough, he got his food for free and the people in the place were screaming and egging him on. I would like to think that while they encourage you to let it all go. In fact making it so that if you suffer from Systemic and Diabetic II levels, you get your meal for free, that there's some sort of life lesson to be learned here.Maybe coming here and getting put center stage causes you to re-evaluate your weight problems. after your gluttonous burger and up-skirt adventure you'll change your ways.. So how was the food? The burger was really juicy for being a massive pound and a half of meat between the burns. It has a salad bar of condiments. So they pretty much give you the burger with bread and meat. You put the tomatoes and lettuce on it. I imagine they wouldn't want to encourage eating veggies. It would ruin their street cred. They have real bottled sodas here, so that's a plus. Over all, if you can get past the whole idea that they're encouraging obesity (Well, not really - just being honest about their food) and move past the fact that you have short skirt wearing servers, then it's a stop worthy venture to come out to the Heart Attack Grill.
4	I was a bit creeped out the first time I ate here. I took my wife's younger brothers because they had seen it on the Travel Channel, so I thought I'd try it out. Being a large man, I got to eat for free (score!), but only had one single and some fries, but enjoyed watching my teenage brother-in-laws try to finish their doubles (haha). I've been back several times with mixed experiences. It really depends on your nurse: sometimes you get a nurse who is very talkative and makes sure your order comes out real fast and hot, and sometimes you get a nurse who is watching the clock. It's not the best hamburger I've ever had, but I enjoy the do-it-yourself condiments (jalapeno and mustard for me), and the fact that you know you are going to get CHEESE and BEEF, and in good portions. The fries are tasty, but inconsistent. Sometimes they're crispy and tasty, sometimes they're flat and soggy. I guess they could work on consistency.
2	On our way to Sedona, my bf and I decided on making a stop by the Heart Attack Grill. We were intrigued by this restaurant since it was featured on the Foodnetwork and the Travel Channel. Also, we're not in AZ often so we decided to check it out.The restaurant itself is located in a dying strip mall. The signage outside does not stand out at all so if you're not keeping an eye out for it you may miss it.When you walk in the door, you're greeted by the smell of lard and cheerful waitresses dressed in nurses outfits. I was a little grossed out by lard smell but it was barely noticeable after a while. Haha.My bf and I ordered a single bypass burger and fries. I didn't care to much for the fries. It was bland and soggy so I only had a few from the unlimited fries bar. The burger is delivered to you plainly as a cheeseburger and there's a condiment bar with pickles, jalapenos, onions, etc. LOVED the fresh pickles. It definitely made my burger eating experience more pleasurable. I was 2/3 done with my burger when my bf tells me to not watch the video playing on the screen which shows the cooking process of the burger. What do most people do when you hear something like that? You check it out due to curiosity, right? I wish I hadn't seen it because I completely lost my appetite upon seeing the video. *shudder* I sort of knew and remembered the cooking process from the foodnetwork or travel channel shows but seeing it and actually eating it grossed me out. I'm glad I tried it but I doubt I'd be coming back again if I'm in the Arizona area. I value my arteries a little too much to subject it to such grease/lard again.
5	The Heart Attack Grill is definitely one of the gems of the valley. For all of the negative reviews about the food being greasy and bad for you, I'm not sure what you were expecting. They are exactly what they advertise - a deliciously quick trip to the grave. The burgers are dripping with lard, making them tantilizingly juicy. Of course this is not the place for someone looking for a light, healthy lunch, but for those of us who enjoy indulging in what might be our last meal, a double bypass burger is a worthy choice. Personally i love the gimmick of the naughty nurses (who i may add are more than willing to sit on your lap while you sweat through a burger and fries) and Dr. Jon.The Heart Attack Grill is well deserving of their recent fame. Ignore the whiners and try it out!
4	This place is fun and unique.  Although the food is... well.... not all that healthy, it's a great place to go for an occasional outing.  A must see!
2	They say to never judge a book by it's cover and never judge a restaurant by their sign outside it's doors, but in this case, you pretty much can since the "Heart Attack Grill" sign did not really stand out, therefore making it quite plain like it's calorific burgers. From the moment I stepped into this burger joint, I just couldn't feel the good vibe in the air. Three friends and I went here on our way to our grand road trip from Chicago to Los Angeles to Las Vegas and back. The consequences of not coming here were that (1) we could have eaten some steak at Big Texan Ranch at Amarillo, TX and/or (2) we could have visited the Grand Canyon. Let's just say at the end, we would have rather done the other options instead. Although we still saw the giant chasm on our way home, we still missed out on some potentially good steak in Amarillo. So as soon as we walked in the HAG, I just had this weird feeling like when you're watching a scary movie and someone is about to die. But in this case, I walked in and had this feeling that these burgers aren't going to be that great.One thought came to mind when I first heard of this restaurant: "Hooters with Unhealthy Burgers?" I decided to come here because this place was #39 on the Travel Channel's "Chow Down Countdown" list; also because the waitresses are dressed as naughty nurses. From the segment, the place looked like a party. It was quite the opposite when my friends and I went. It seemed dead, although to HAG's defense, we came there on a Tuesday at 6:30, 2 hours before the restaurant closes. There were only two young nurses working as well as the head (older) nurse. The two young nurses were attractive but one of them was quite snobby. OK now to the burger. It was cooked real well and full of calories, lard, fat, and did I mention calories? I must say it was an "okay" burger but not in the "Got to have again!" category. With the unlimited fries that swam in lard, it's the same concept. I wasn't a big fan of getting my own condiments in the condiments bar. The same "CNN Heart Attack Grill portion" clips was being played over and over on a loop throughout their big screens, rather than them showing sports. The aroma of a real hospital and the smell of lard also didn't help the cause. I had the Triple Bypass Burger and I was only able to eat it halfway. Overall, I can try to justify my 2-star rating because in my opinion, these burgers were not that great to me. My three other friends would definitely agree with me. Let me explain: Keep in mind that we were driving from Chicago to pass by Chandler non-stop. I don't know about my friends but I came through HAG's doors after being in a car for over 24 hours on a lightly filled stomach. Maybe it was the lard fries or the sugar Coke filling me up a little, but I didn't get the satisfaction from eating half of my burger. I actually got a better satisfaction from eating a Big Mac throughout the years. When it comes down to it, you eat here once and you'll probably not come back again, unless (1) you weigh over 350 lbs. and can eat for free, (2) You have paid the $500 annual membership fee to have 3 daily paid meals, or (3) you just want to check out the "nurses." I think my friends still have not forgiven me for taking them here. But to me, it's one of those, "Place wasn't so great, but I'm glad I still came here for I would have never known how it is." The Heart Attack Grill just didn't fill me up in the right way.
2	F this place.  Seriously...  Well, maybe not. The staff is really really cool and the chicks in the nurses outfits are hot.  But, seriously... wtf?!?!?!?I felt so sick after eating at this pit.  I really don't ever want to go back. And really... shame on me. I knew that it would happen.  It is the only solution to a burger and fries cooked in Lard.  I won't go back, but I will tell anyone that is over 350 pounds they will feed you for free in this place. Seriously..WTF?!?!?!
2	Well, We knew what we were getting our self into when we decided to try this joint! And we were right, Besides the good looking girls, this place is not that great! Burger was OK, I made it better with the condiments, fries were OK, I did though liked their shakes! Glad we tried it, probably will not come back! But seriously, you get what they advertise!!
4	I took two vacation days off from work to visit Phoenix for the first time with a friend. Our primary objective for this trip was mostly to visit Heart Attack Grill. I became intrigued after hearing about it from various people and watched videos on Youtube about it.Anyway, the day after we arrived, we drove to Chandler to find the place. We entered the restaurant just a little after 11am, and were greeted by the waitresses. After sitting down, both of us ordered the Quadruple Bypass burger, which is 4 half-pound patties, 4 slices of american-cheese with lard spread on the buns. In addition, we ordered the limitless fries (which are cooked in lard), and 2 Mexican cokes (which are created using real cane sugar). We were also compelled to don "medical gowns" as part of our stay and given wristbands. It's pretty silly but the over-the-top-ness of it all was pretty cool.The fries were great. Crispy and nicely salted, the prior knowledge of it being cooked in lard was not a deterrent; rather I was looking forward to food tasting better with more fat and grease involved. The burger arrived not too long after finishing my first set of fries. It smelled great and glistened with grease, oil, and fat. I was disappointed that it did not come with any bacon. Maybe this is added by request but I did not see this option either on the menu or on the pictures of the burgers which adorn the walls.The burger required a strategy in order to eat. There was simply no way to just pick it up and eat it as is. After picking up some additional ingredients (onions, ketchup, mustard, tomatoes), and splitting the burger in half I began feasting away. The meat was delicious and cooked perfectly, and the melted cheese and added condiments/ingredients supplemented the flavor of the meat without being overwhelming. I did finish the burger eventually, but by the time I hit the halfway mark I was slowing down, visibly sweating from the grease, and everything started to taste like meat; even the Coke!I should note that by noon-time, the restaurant was packed full and there were people from all walks of life: the elderly, people in business casual attire, construction workers, etc. I also noticed that none of these people other than my friend and I had anything bigger than a single and the limitless fries.  This is probably the best way to go if you are regular here. I thought the burger was great but like everything else in life; overdoing a good thing only makes it bad. No points deducted for this at all because it was my first time in Phoenix and I probably won't be back for a while but the Quadruple Bypass was something to be tried.After finishing we paid our bill (Heart Attack Grill only accepts cash), took pictures with our "nurse" and Dr. Jon (the owner), and we were both wheeled out to our car in the lot.Heart Attack Grill is not meant to be taken seriously at all. In fact, they deliberately tell you that it's not good for you. In the end it's the consumer that makes their choice as they walk through that door to sit down for their meal. I thought the food was great for the price (so long as you don't do anything bigger than a double and hurt yourself), and the staff was very friendly. This is worth a return visit the next time I'm in town.
3	Great place for tourists.  I love bringing my out of town friends here. There's nothing like it.   The whole "heart attack" theme is entertaining. Cheesy but enteraining.We saw a guy 350 get on the scale and ring the bell, yeah ! he eats FREE.  We had to wear the patient gown, (Except my wise 6 yr old, "I'm not wearing that!").  Funny!  And grateful when the grease drips. Burgers were outrageaously greasy good. Had to split with my daughter that's how filling they were.  SHAKES ARE TO DIE FOR!!   God knows how may calories are in those, but if you like butter - order one!!!!!   The strawberry shake tastes like butter pecan w/ strawberries.  mmmm. OK I suppose I have to mention the girls in the nurses outfits, it has a Hooters feel to it, but I would rather eat the food here than Hooters any day.   KIDS are welcome.  It's not as sleezy as Hooters.   It's like a 50's diner with a Hooters twist. I would bring my out of state friends here again.
3	Not the best burger I've ever had, but a fun place to try with the coworkers on a Friday afternoon. I had the quadruple bypass and a few helpings from the all-you-can-eat fry station. Better than BK/McD's, but nothing to write home about. The waitresses were hot and they happily wheeled me out to my car in a wheelchair! But it's more of an attraction than anything else.
1	A lot has changed at this place in the 18 months since my first visit when I loved this place.  The sexy costumes are GONE,   the PBR on ice is GONE,  the "A Team" of cute and entertaining waitresses is gone.  The last two times I went there for lunch I was greeted with grenades and boring beers.  Not worth the extra cost and calories anymore.   For what ever reason this place has lost its MOJO.
2	This place was a bit of a let down. You hear so much about it, then you walk in the door and you feel underwhelmed. It seems a bit run down, the place has definitely seen better days. The food has seen better days too. The burger wasn't anything to write home about. The fries were ok. Not bad, not good, just average. I did enjoy the strawberry shake, though. That was pretty above average. My overall feeling? It's a tourist trap. Literally. Heaven help you if you don't have cash. Who doesn't take debit cards anymore? Seriously? And the price is pretty absurd. If I'm paying that much for something, your establishment should look better for sure, and the food should be of a higher caliber.
4	Ok, I know I shouldn't even go to this place, but how can you not pass up a place called The Heart Attack Grill?Im a big burger lover and the burgers here are just delicious.  Yes, I am aware of how they make the burgers and what they use on the buns and fries.  If you sit and think about what you're eating, you wont enjoy a thing.  if you just sit back, enjoy your surroundings and food, you're gonna have a helluva time.Ive been here three times...  Loved it each time.  TIP: Try not to go here but once a month.  It is a shit ton of calories you're taking in.
3	I was in Chandler, Arizona today for business and tried this place out after hearing about it online.My opinion? it's a simply "meh" place.1) the nurses aren't gorgeous... they were pretty and friendly enough girls who did their job well and had their schtick down cold but noone was hot enough that I would kill myself by dining here regularly for. Sorry, ladies.2) The burger itself isn't anything special. Greasy, yes. Premiumly priced, but nothing outstanding. For a greasy burger, I would totally recommend 5 guys (even though its a chain from VA - there's one in Fremont, CA now) over this place. One highlight was definitely the bun (not necessarily the preparation). I'd say a star was earning in the Yelp rating for this bun. The bun is a quality, flaky piece of bread... but even with a 1/2 LB single bypass, the poor bun couldn't hold up to the grease it was subjected to. The fries were pretty good but again, greasy for the sake of being greasy. They are tasty but nothing special. I'm lactose intolerant so I cannot comment on the whole buttermilk shakes thing.The lard manifests itself in a greasiness that is still in your mouth after you've eaten. It's fairly decent marketing job (congrats to the owner) but honestly, it's a schtick that where you will go there once and laugh (kinda like Casa Bonita in Denver)... but it's not some place any (normal) person could go to regularly. Also, if you can eat for free because you are a big boy, you have no business going to this joint. The extra calories to be had here probably aren't worth the reduction in your life expectancy.Verdict: Good to try but NOT worth making a trip out here to dine. -g
3	A unique burger joint with a humorous experience.Didn't go for the food, went for the experience.I walked in and grabbed a seat at the bar.The friendly head nurse gives you a admittance bracelet and dresses you in a hospital gown.There are creepy manequins standing around the restaurant.The head nurse told me she did shots off one of the guy surgeon manequins LOL.A really hot waitress dressed in a super tight nurse costume showing lots of cleavage and lots of legs.Small menu to choose from.As I don't eat beef, here is what I chose:1.83 all you can eat fries... cooked in lard4.55 30 oz butterfat strawberry shake.The fries are usually fresh cooked and pretty good.The Shake,... it was very sweet, not the best thing I had but I enjoyed about 2/3 of it and then had to leave it because I was getting headache and dehydration.I saw my man finish the quadruple bypass (four patties ewww).He got wheeled out to the car by the head nurse.His opinion: Very greasy, not the most flavorful.Friendly service. The staff is all dressed up. and You're required to wear hospital gowns like a patient lolThere's entertaining stuff on the TV, stuff related to their restaurant.Local culture presented in a fun fashion.This place is humorous, worth going to for the experience at least once... but expect to crave some salad or some fruits/veggies afterwards cuz the grease/fat content will make you feel icky.
2	Ok, so..... I expected to come here and eat the food with the understanding that it was going to be lardy and fatty.I will admit, the shake was really good, and the fries were also alright..... but the burger..... UGHI ate 2 single burgers (I got to eat for free since I'm a big guy).They sat in my gut, like a hot wet towel. I was not impressed nor was I feeling good after this.Yep, the hot nurses make up for it.Nope, I will not be going back, one time experience.Yep, I'm glad I experienced this once in my life.Oh yeah, and it's cash only. No credit cards.
3	As with a lot of people, I found out about this place through the Travel Channel and made it a point to come and experience the awesomeness that is the Heart Attack Grill. My brief stay in Arizona, I couldn't pass up the chance.My first visit was...well...ok. Nothing amazing to say the least but did bring a smile 'cause it was THE Heart Attack Grill. Burger - was actually pretty good. I got the double-bypass cheese burger which I killed in 10mins. Should have gotten the triple. It came nicely put together and I added tomato, pickles, red onions, and mustardFries - ....eh. sounds amazing fried in lard, but was under par for me. was kinda limp, wasn't crispy and i think the few batches that were in the tray were over cooked. loved the fry bar concept though.Experience - wasn't as expected, granted that we went for lunch on a Tues, the waitresses weren't exactly "hot" (like on TV...LOL) they were very friendly and attentive tho. I would think the best times would be more the weekends. if you want that experience and "eye-candy"if you love burgers...like experiencing themed places. definitely check this place out at least once. i hope to return one day... on a weekend.My overall, rating is 3.5 stars. :)
3	First off, I love In-N-Out so that's my baseline.  This is more of an experience restaurant than a good burger joint.  The burger was a little dry, and the fries were great for my first serving but soggy for the second.  But it's the atmosphere.  Our server was great- not super hot, but cute.  But very professional, stayed in her "role" for the expeience as our nurse and she took care of us.  I only got a single but was amazed at this girl across from us who must have weight a buck-o-five and she downed a double.  when she came in she was all cheerful but when she was done eating she looked all haggard... I guess that's a good thing.
2	A novelty.  2  orders of soggy all you can eat fries, 2 single cheese burgers, 1 -1.82 water, and 1 coke. $24.00 . CASH ONLY! Lobbys has a much better burger.  I wish we would have went out for anything else!
3	This is one of those unique famous places that any food nut wants to try once in their life.  I went there on my first visit to Arizona last year, and it pretty much was what I expected based off of tv specials and internet videos and interviews.  You get a decent burger at a decent price, and then you go up to the fry-bar and grab some fries and add some toppings to your burger.  There's something rewarding about going into a place that says it will kill you, and walking out alive afterwards.  The experience comes complete with having to wear a hospital gown, and being waited on by "nurses".  The angled mirrors on the inside of the serving area are a nice touch ; )Now that I moved to Arizona, I'm sure I'll be back each and every time a new friend or family member comes to town to visit me.
4	So I went with a friend from Tucson who wanted to check out the Heart Attack Grill on Sat,  since it was my 1st time their my friends  pre-warned me that this place cooks in lard, everything with lard so I went prepared.Walked in and was shock to see that everyone eating wears a hospital gown but I got accustomed to that pretty fast seeing how everyone was wearing one to not wear one I would stand out.  The waitresses where cute nurses ready to help with our procedures and the cooks where Dr's. The place was decked out nice, but you definitely are not coming to Heart Attack Grill for fat free food.The menu was simple, 4 different burgers to choose from, unlimited fries (which you can't share) drinks are tall bottle of Coke or water (guess that's the closest your getting to diet) or 2 types of bottled beers to choose from and a crazy thick milkshake.  The fixings for burgers are near the grill, you choose from pickles, onions, tomatoes and jalapenos; next to the fry station were also the condiments of catsup, mayo and mustard. I ordered a single bypass with cheese and of course the fries and a coke.  The fries I have to say are the best fries I have had in a long time, man they where good.  The burger, even though it was good I found it lacking in seasoning, maybe it could have been hit with some salt or pepper. My friend ordered the triple bypass and he thought it was great!     Yes I would go back again!!
1	If it was possible to give this place a half of a star, I would. Tacky, unattractive waitresses. Poor concept. And the fact they are actually promoting poor health is extremely sad.  But then a again the owner is short and bald which explains everything. You have to try to get attention somewhere. It is no wonder some of the other branches are closing their doors.
3	My chest hurts.Heart attack grill is a fun idea and the theme is cool, but do I need to watch videos about the heart attack grill while I am sitting at the heart attack grill?  The fries were really good.  I guess the lard makes the difference, also they were hot and salty, so that is a major plus.  The burger was OK but not great.  I had the double, which is 1 lb. total.  The meat was alright, not awesome, not bad.  I would have preferred if they had more options (like bacon, different cheeses, grilled onions, onion rings to go on top, that type of stuff).  The shake was meh.  I had to stir in my own chocolate syrup(!?), and it was a little too thick to be refreshing.  I was really thirsty in the end.   Also, my friend doesn't do red meat and there was nothing for her.  Come on, I know you have a theme going, but not offering anything at all is just kind of douche-y.  How about a fried chicken sandwich, or a giant grilled cheese?  Overall, I'd say it was a three star experience.
3	Authors note: Don't come here & then bitch about the obesity crises. You know what you're getting yourself into, this is a business, people like burgers. Come in with a burger craving & a light heart...for it shall be soon filled with the lard you agreed to consume. :)Themed restaurants are always thee shit. Promotes poor health with HUMOR-the theme is super clever. 350 pounders eat free, everything is double the size, 'refillable'  fries, young ladies as nurses that drape you in hospital gowns asking 'are you a new patient?' These gals are super sweet but being exploited...just peep the waist level mirrors & their short costumes...you'll know what i mean...i liked the T.V.'S central to the eating area...they played old- school videos, cameo's of the place featured on food network....made to make you feel even more lazy- again with the cohesiveness! My cousin who also had to take a trip to the restroom also mentioned the decor: pictures of the waitresses above the urinals pointing down with quote bubbles joking about sizes. Genius. Also with no registers, all change is made with the 'nurses' little boxes...which reminds me of the strip club by the way....including the pictures people insisted on taking...poor girls. Heart attack foods: A single bypass w/ a coke. The all you can eat fries aren't nothing to write about-BURNT lard masking the taste of the potato itself. i would've liked my lardy potato's a golden brown thank you very much! I only had one serving which is sad considering how I'm a fan of FRIES. The beef patty itself was mediocre at best...They can definitely step their game up for theme pricing they charge-they're very lucky to be blasted on the Food Network. The food network  for foodies is just like being blasted on Oprah, suddenly business is booming.Though i would've loved to give this place more stars for the food, 3 Stars for the theme.
1	Man what can we say about this place? Karen and I went there of course due to seeing it from Travel Channel and we were both excited but left so disgusted and very disappointed. The lard on the burger buns? Wow that's just nasty and don't get me started on the smell of that.Pretty cool place to visit and take photos though but dont eat there if you don't have to.
2	I am in the area for a baseball camp and my buddy suggested that we visit the Heart Attack Grill for their famous quadrupal bypass burger.  I wasn't in mood to eat it all so I got the double bypass burger.  Didn't finish it.  The texture of the burgers and bun and cheese got to me so I stopped eating.  My friend finished the quadrupal and took a picture with the nurse and doctor while sitting in the wheelchair.  The more I think about this restaurant, the more I think that this is Arizona's version of Hooters (girls in skimpy clothing serving food that is just ok).  The fries there were a funny color...not golden brown.  We wanted to watch the game today but they have no tv.  Instead you get to watch a bunch of videos about the Heart Attack Grill as well as some old videos such as "Fat" by Weird Al, "In the Navy" by the Village People, and "I Got You Babe" by Sonny and Cher.  The best thing I can say is that they serve Cokes in big glass bottles.  Lots of creativity...but I think it is overkill.  At some point, you have to be concerned with the quality of food being served.Oh yea, I forgot to mention that the cook is dressed in a scrubs, the waitresses are either in nurse outfits or scrubs, the owner was in a doctor's labcoat...and the customers...well, we get to wear gowns.
4	The picture says it all.  Doctors and nurses serving you a burger and fries.  How can you go wrong with that type of a theme restaurant?  Surprisingly, the burgers were pretty good.  Juicy and cooked just right.  I ordered a double bypass (no cheese) and could not finish it.  While I was there I watched someone eat a quadruple bypass.  Not a pretty sight but memorable.  I love the customer service here.  The nurses were all very friendly.  Always willing to pose for pictures and chat.
3	Definitely the most unhealthy place to eat and they are proud of it.  Over 350 pounds and you eat for free.  Nurses are nice too.The success here is built on their novelty, but with a little ingenuity it could be a real star attraction.CASH ONLY!!!!
2	I travel with a competitive speech team. We were recently in Arizona for a competition, and my team HAD to stop at the Heart Attack Grill- a member of my team is doing a speech about it, we couldn't get away without seeing the place firsthand!Upon arrival, we were immediately greeted by a smell that can accurately be described as "Fat, grease, and charred death." You know the smell that sometimes comes out of a burger restaurant- the slightly-singed, but otherwise-delicious smell of meat being grilled? This was a sick amplification of that. The smell alone was enough to drive several members of our party to pursue other options for dinner.As far as decor, the restaurant does a good job of sticking to an anti-doctor theme, with signs plastered all over the restaurant warning you of the unhealthy nature of their food, mandatory patient gowns for all diners, and waitresses dressed as cute nurses. But the food itself could be summed up with the word "Sickening," which actually works metaphorically and literally. Their shakes are incredibly sweet, but actually filled with ice cream, pure cream, and butter. Their fries are cooked in lard, and their burgers are excessively heavy and fattening. A burger and fries is really enough to fill up a fully-grown man, but the sensation of being completely filled by lard, meat, and grease is almost as disgusting as seeing one of the obese regulars scarf down a triple-bypass burger for free.The next morning, most of us who'd eaten there were still full. One of my friends said he "felt like [he] just blew the Hamburglar." Starting with the smell, and lasting all the way to the aftertaste the next morning, this anti-hospital is as novel as it is grotesque and excessive. I seriously almost threw up twice before I even tried anything, but I like to exercise and eat healthy. Other people didn't seem as disturbed by the place as I did, and to HG's credit, the things they serve actually maintain a stronger semblance to edible food than some other places I've eaten. It will definitely fill you up, and the theme is kind of cute.Nonetheless, I can't walk away from a restaurant feeling like I just destroyed my body and recommend it. I almost feel like the place is unethical for its  choice to give such flagrantly unhealthy meals. At the same time, the place is called HEART ATTACK Grill, and they don't make any effort to pretend they're doing anything other than providing the most unhealthy and disgusting food possible. With that, and the friendly service in mind, I can't justify any rating lower than 2/5. I'd definitely like this place more if they just used fresh ingredients, didn't cover everything in nastiness, and just stuck to making good burgers, fries, and shakes...but I realized that would just make them In-N-Out, and would kind of ruin everything this restaurant stands for.Disgusting? Yes.Necessary? No.Immoral? Decidedly no, since they clearly warn you about what you're getting in to.I'd eat here once, and NEVER again. It's a place fueled by novelty- go there only if you're inspired after watching Epic Meal Time on youtube.
3	Having heard of this place on TV (Food network, I think) and my son who goes to school in AZ, the whole family, including my vegetarian only wife, just 'had' to try the place. I would say that the place pretty much lives up to its name as being a gut busting, caloric inducing burger joint. Not for the faint of heart, I just got a single burger (is that what they call them?), fries, a coke, and shared my wife's Vanilla shake.  I must have ate/drank over 3k worth of calories in one sitting. I am an avid runner with a half marathon, 10k's, etc under my belt and I just had to run a full marathon (26.2 miles) the next day to cleanse myself of what I ate the day before. I really didn't run a marathon the next day, but like one reviewer said, "The next morning, most of us who'd eaten there were still full." Would I eat there again? Sure, next year as its a great place to go to check out if you are in the area, but part of your regular diet, no way! But don't think my review is all about hating the joint, it's a great place. I even talked to the "doctor' himself and had dreams of expanding. With America's gluttony, I think he might even be successful at it in places like Dallas, Memphis, Orlando, New Orleans, etc...San Francisco? Hmmm, all of us healthy foodies would drive him outta town :-)
3	The burger was good, the fries were ok, but once you mentally process that they were deep fried in lard, then what was tasting really good turned into a really guilt-loaded dinner. But it is what it says it is. A truly American restaurant, proud of its decadence.
4	I will just be straight upfront; are they unhealthy, yes!! Is the fries cooked in pure lard, yes! Is the coke made from real sugar, yes!But you know what, even though this place is unhealthy it is defiantly a place to experience once in your life time. Where else can you go where waitresses dress up like nurses and serve you food, or doctors as cooks? A place where you have to where a hospital gown and a wrist band and there is no exceptions? Their really isn't any other place like this.It is true though it is really bad for you it sure does taste good! So if your in need of a good burger and fries and an experience to go with it this is the place to go!
2	This was the second food adventure I had while visiting AZ for the past weekend with my friends.I'm not that big into burgers, but I had to try this place ever since I've seen it on the Travel Channel.  I was a little scared since this place cooks everything in LARD, but when in Rome...This place gets a 2 stars for a couple of reasons.  First, the burger I had wasn't that great.  It tasted like a back yard bbq session.  I was expecting a little bit more.  Second, after we got done eating my other friends felt like crap the whole day.  I believe they spent some time with the porcelain seat back at our hotel...The only thing that saved this place from the 1 star is the Fries and the Shakes.  The fries are pretty good and its bottomless.  Maybe it was the LARD it was cooked in but the fries had a unique taste.  The Vanilla Shake I had was good.  My friends had the Strawberry Shake and can attest to its goodness as well.The best part of the Heart Attack Grill is........THE NURSES!  If it wasn't for them, I would have walked out of this place as soon as I bit into my burger.  Good Gimmick bad burger!
2	Novelty - 8/10 - Go once to tell people you've been there.  And duh your going to see sexy nurses and a unique restaurant concept that is telling you to eat so unhealthy it will kill you.  Its expensive for the food you receive but worth the novelty of it and the few pictures you leave with. Food - 3/10 - Take my word and other yelp comments the burger is nothing special.  The meat is very bland and has no memorable seasoning or sauce (yawn).  For a "burger" joint when calories are no concern you think it was the most amazing flavor ever.  It's not.  Burger Guru's go elsewhere.  The fries were a huge disappointment as well.  I went with 6 other people.  We all blamed the soggy fries on being the "bottom" of the pan.  We got more unlimited fries when a fresh batch came out and no one loved them at all.  Its funny cause there is a video playing on flat screens and when we saw the crispy looking fries on screen we were like 'we want those!'.  The milkshakes were also disappointing because people expected more flavor like thick ice cream.  It was a very generic base that they just pump flavored syrup into, no blenders.  Also, people that dined the same day as us found a hair ball in the double burger.  It was pretty gross when he held it up and the nurses came running to replace!  I cant wait for his review!Who will go again?  0 out of 6 of us.Who is talking about this place to their friends and family? 6 out of 6 of us.Who felt a little sick to their stomachs? 4 out of 6 of us.Overall go once have fun.  But if you want a great tasting burger and some calories that may lead to an eventual heart attack find a gourmet burger spot with some crispy bacon, blue cheese crumbles, special sauce, and maybe even a fried egg on top.  A good burger is good til the last bite, this was not.
2	Been to all the theme restaurants: Hooters, Eat At Ed's, Farrells, Heart Attack Grill...the common theme here is to enjoy the experience, not necessarily the food..saw the story on Nightline the other night.  Didnt know this place existed in the Phoenix region but went right over there.  It's "just ok" .  Shared the smallest burger and fries...Your not gonna die if you don't eat this crap everyday....folks!!So Let's Review:Food ...ehexperience...goodGotta pay cashambiance....PRICELESS
3	I went because of the novelty and hype.  I've even had out-of-towners ask for this place specifically.  I found that people over 350 lbs. eat for free, and now I have a new goal.  The burger was OK, and the unlimited fries were a nice touch.  I can see why this place gets so much press.  Now for the big 3:Service:  kind of sad.  The waitress seemed like she was put out to help us with our order, and she was often missing.  For example, I'd finished my soda, and waited over 5 mins. before she realized I was ready for more.  She never seemed happy to be there, regardless of the skimpy outfit she was dressed in.  Please don't expect playful or pleasing conversation from the wait staff.Price:  It was 150% of what I expected.  A 1/2 lb. burger's avg. retail price is like, $5, and this is definitely more.  This alone will keep me from intentionally coming back, although, for the kitch of the place, I may bring out-of-towners.  It's definitely a once-in-a-lifetime experience.  (double-down on the once part)Taste:  It's a good burger.  Nothing notable, exciting, or overwhelming.  It's what you'd expect from a flat grill.In the end, this place lives up to the hype.  It's cool to go once to say that you've been there.  The prices are too high for this to be a place for a regular customer base, so take pleasure in visiting this during your one time.  If you're over 350 lbs., then their pricing makes this the coolest place ever, for as long as your physicians will allow you to go.Viva la Heart Attack Grill!
4	Wow I was recommended by this and didnt get a chance to look it up on yelp so when I got here I was shocked of was just out of my expectations. I liked that they did play to the theme a lot. The theme is a hospital type the servers are good looking nurses and the owner is the surgeon. When u walk in you get served and you wear a gown. They also have made up news stories on the TVs talking about there place. Overall it was a different experience so it was good.
2	I heard about this place from some of my friends and of course on TV. So when I had the chance to visit AZ, I just had to hit it up, since I LOVE burgers. As you walk in the door, you are greeted by good looking girls in skimpy nurses outfits. When you are seated, everyone must put on a hospital robe before ordering. There are even mirrors behind the counter that are angled up for a view of the waitress's sexy nurse costumes. So far so good.... My expectations were very high but they did nothing but disappoint with their burger. Their all you can eat fries on the other hand were absolutely amazing (I even went back for 2nds). They do have a great concept here, but they just have to work on their burger recipe.
5	love the food and the services ,but you neesd to weight at 350ib to eat the burgers for free, the burgers are big and jucey
3	So yes, while I was in AZ I had to try the Heart Attack Grill. Simplified menu makes the place more of a novelty and gimmicky. The burger was good, the bun was one of the best parts of the meal and getting the all you can eat fries cooked in lard was good. Not much more beyond that, just scantily clad women serving burger, coke or PBR.
1	This is by far the single worst restaurant experience of my entire life. I rarely ever write a review, but in this case, I wanted to make sure that anyone considering going to the disguising place is forewarned.First, the "food". I took my family here because i thought it would be a fun, novelty experience. It was definitely different. Could have been cool, but instead, the place is a complete dump. The "food" was utterly disgusting. With burgers being the only thing on the menu, i would think that they could figure out how to make a good burger. Nope. Just a nasty grilled piece of the lowest quality beef they could find. Yuk.Second, we had the displeasure of meeting the owner. He came across as a total sleeze ball which wasn't much of a surprise given the quality of his restaurant.Eating here is probalby pretty close to what it must feel like to eat in a scummy strip joint. Do yourself a favor. Go anywhere else but here.
4	About a year ago, my friend and I watched an episode of Extreme Pig-Outs where it featured a restaurant called the Heart Attack Grill. We have been dying to go check it out ever since. I especially wanted to try it because it's right here in the Valley and we wouldn't have to travel too far. Finally, a year after we first heard about it, we made the trip to Chandler to give it a try. As we're walking up to the restaurant, we noticed a warning sign on the door about the food being unhealthy, which I found slightly amusing. There was also a cash only sign. We walked inside and a friendly waitress immediately seats us at the cross shaped bar. She then proceeds to put both my friend and I in hospital gowns. Afterwards, she put paper bracelets on our wrists that said "I had a BYPASS at the HEART ATTACK GRILL." I was definitely intrigued. I assume the novelty of it all was to make the restaurant a memorable experience.  The waitress gave us our menu, and we took a look. The menu featured the Single Bypass Burger (1/2 pound) priced at $7.27, the Double Bypass Burger (1 pound) priced at $9.09, the Triple Bypass Burger (1.5 pounds) priced at $10.91 and last, but not least, the Quadruple Bypass Burger (2 pounds) priced at $12.73. They also offer an unlimited buffet of their Flatliner Fries, priced at $1.82 per person. They sell no-filter cigarettes, water ($1.82), Coca-Cola ($1.82), and Pabst Blue Ribbon (beer at $2.73). The only other thing offered on the menu is a ButterFat Shake (pure cream at $4.55). The back of the menu talks about the Heart Attack Grill Diet Program being "focused upon keeping your weight in an extremely stable, gradual, and constant upward slope." The Heart Attack Grill also promises that if you are over 350 pounds, you get to eat for free! The entire experience highly amused me and my friend and we found it very intriguing. When we were seated, it was around 4:00 p.m. on a Tuesday, an apparently slow time at the restaurant. I chose to get the Double Bypass Burger while my friend chose the Triple Bypass Burger; he wanted to try to the Quadruple, but first wanted to see if he could even finish the Triple. We both got Cokes, which are 500ml and made with real sugar. I was disappointed with the minimal selection of beverages because personally, I am a Mountain Dew drinker, and I absolutely love my Mountain Dew. Unfortunately, I had to settle for a Coke instead. We also ordered fries with our burgers. Our waitress, Cheryl, was really nice and chatted with us while we were waiting on our food. The uniforms were different from when we saw the TV program; they aren't as revealing now, but are still cute nurse outfits. The two waitresses that we saw were both attractive and very friendly, which made the wait time for our burgers go by faster. The fries were brought out immediately, like an appetizer. When the burgers did come out, it was just bun, meat, and cheese, there is a condiment bar where you can dress your burger up pretty much however you like. The burgers looked really scrumptious, and tasted pretty decent. They weren't the best burgers ever, but still pretty good. I definitely recommend not filling up on the fries because the burgers and enormous and filling. I wasn't even able to finish half of mine. My friend did manage to finish the Triple Bypass and plans to get the Quadruple next time, minus the fries of course, so he'll have more room for the burger! We were able to keep the menu and the Coke bottles for souvenirs! Overall, I was satisfied with The Heart Attack Grill, I thought the food was good, the layout of the restaurant is really cool, and the customer service was fantastic! If you like unhealthy foods, covered in lard, and are ready for an interesting experience, I definitely recommend trying The Heart Attack Grill!
3	I am a sucker for a theme restaurant. I have been wanting to visit this place for a while because of their whole gimmick. When you arrive a nurse checks you in, gives you a hospital wrist band, and dresses you in a hospital gown. Seriously, I love a gimmick more than the next person but the Heart Attack Grill is 100% gimmick and only 60% good food. The menu consists of burgers which vary only in the number of patties, french fries fried in lard, shakes, pure sugar coke, and PBR. They have a strict no sharing policy which completely bummed us out because we wanted to order the huge 20 patty burger and split it 3 ways. We ordered 2 single bypass burgers (one of our trio boycotted the burger because of the no sharing policy,) all you can eat lard fries, a vanilla shake, full sugar coke and a PBR. The burgers were ordinary, the fries were ordinary, and the service (aside from being dressed as naughty nurses) was ordinary. The only win was the delicious butterfat filled vanilla shake. The bill came to around $30, which is a bit pricey because remember only two of us actually had food. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it. It is a gimmick. Heart attack, fat, lard, waitresses dressed as nurses, cook dressed as doctors, sugar, beer...whatever. It gets old pretty fast.
3	I have been to both locations you know were Putsy's use to be now that place was the best place I sure do miss Putsy's ... But back to the review in my mind I go to a place to eat good food and this was not what I had in mind... You enter the place to be taken over by some Halloween nurse to band you and gown you... The fries are good and keep in mind it's endless so eat up the burger was so greasy they dip the buns in butter... I was like wow I had to use 35 napkins it was a good meal but... I think I will be back when I am 50 and have no interaction with Halloween nurses that seems like that right time.
5	The Heart Attack Grill was the best!!
1	The 575 pound spokesman for this abomination died in March at the age of 29.http://abcnews.go.com/Health/HeartHealth/blair-river-hefty-heart-attack-grill-spokesman-dies/story?id=13056400http://today.msnbc.msn.com/id/41899470/ns/today-food/t/heart-attack-grill-spokesman-dies/
5	Drove from LA to chander just to eat here and it did not dissapoint me. So worth the 12 hour round trip drive.
2	I am a burger fanatic. I travel all over the world looking for a great burger. Now that always depends on price/value for me to rate the place. Heart Attack is a fun concept. The bottomless fries are a nice touch. The nurses are a nice distraction, but let me know digress. I went there for the burger. For value, nope.For taste, nope.For hype, yep. For concept, yep.For execution, nope.For price/value, nope.For me the burger did not compare to Five Guys or In N Out.If you are going to hype a great burger then deliver a great burger.If the prices were lower then my expectation would have been lowered as well.Instead, the prices are  high. The smell of grease is over whelming.The biggest disappointment was they they sold nothing to show others I survived.So great concept. Worth one visit to take some photos in the wheel chair with the nurses. Other wise go to the In N Out and order an animal protein style with fries well done. If you can't find an In N Out then go to Five Guys. Either way you get a better burger at a better price.
5	So fattening. SO unhealthy. SO DELICIOUS! It was worth the drive from LA to AZ.
1	Go figure that this place would close. I've been to the original one and that one was a million times better than the one here in Dallas. The fries were mushy and gross, the burger didn't taste half as good, and the entire place was simply dirty looking. I couldn't even finish my burger and fries when I was there. I kept thinking over and over on how much the original one was so much fun from the moment I entered, to walking up the fry station, to leaving stuffed.Oh well... I guess everything is worth the try.
