1	Let me start off by saying the service was sooooo bad I couldnt believe what I was experiencing.   It took over 1.5 hours to get our food.  The salads were ok, but the main food was less then average.  The service was horrible.  Remember its Saturday night and the restaurant from inside only had two tables full with people, including us, at the time of our order.  The outside patio was full of people, but we couldnt believe how they just forgot about us inside.  We never had our diet cokes refilled ONCE?  My mom and wife complained to the manager while I was watching my son outside, but he just shrugged them off.  Then I spoke to the manager and he said this was the average wait time to get food.  I didnt want to get into it with him, so I let it be.  I guess the other restaurants we visited in Montreal had a different version to that storyline, lol.   I was the last to get my food out of the 6 of us.  When it came it was horrible. I asked the waiteress if I could change it, but she never came back and confirmed I could get the chicken gyro.  That took another 25 minutes!! Really, 25 minutes to make a GYRO sandwich, hahaha.....They knew they were wrong b/c they gave us 10% off of the original bill.  Never will we come back here!
5	I really have no idea what Sharif from Washington, DC is talking about. I have never (and I mean never) experienced anything close to what his experience was like at Universel. In fact, I love this restaurant for breakfast. And lets not kid ourselves folks this is the main attraction: breakfast/brunch. The lunch menu is good but the star of the show--all Montrealais who frequent this place already know this--is breakfast. Its so CHEAP and SO GOOD. I usually get the two eggs with bacon order which comes with hash browns (chunky seasoned potatoes) with fresh fruit and toast (four pieces) and free coffee. I believe its $5.95 ... uh, yea. CHEAP, let me emphasize that. Unlimited coffee refills too. I have also had the eggs benedict which are also super fantastic. They are a little pricer but worth it: huge serving, unreal Hollandaise sauce, and many different options (smoked salmon, asparagus, etc.) A lot of people opt for the eggs benny. And the service is fast. I've never waited more than 10 minutes to get my food, and really it shouldn't take much longer than that for  bacon an eggs. But do be patient because this place gets hopping on the weekends. This my go to place when I'm hungover from a night out on the town in Montreal. Like any good Canadian I go to soak up the alcohol with some greasy goodness. The staff know the routine on Saturday mornings and are quick to offer you coffee, which is much appreciated. If you can: opt for a banquette seat which are comfy for those in your group who can sang one of the booth seats (love those!). There is sometimes a wait--not usually more than 5 minutes--but there is a nearly year-round heated (and they really mean heated) patio. Its nice to sit outside in the summer, and in the fall you really are not effected by the chill. So if you're a tourist: this is the go-to place to nurse that hang-over or if you're from Montreal make use of this little gem to get all the bacon and eggs you could ever want. Also the decor is much, much better than your typical diner. They modernized rather recently and the design is ultra-chic :) Popular with McGill students too. Check it out.
3	I went their recently with my colleagues, and I found the food decent, the prices ok. I think the service is lacking since they place is so PACKED with customers. We went at lunch (with explains the rush), but I feel that the restaurant was great.I haven't been there for breakfast, but I would like to!
3	There is definitely no wow factor in this restaurant!Everything about this place is middle of the road. The food we ordered was far from being creative, and the service was certainly not attentive. I really hate having to chase after my waitress for a coffee refill. At least come and check on me every 15 minutes or so. Please!But being middle of the road means that it wasn't horrible. I'll probably return one day. My friend works across the street. PS: am I the only person who worries about writing mediocre reviews to restaurants that I go to? LOL.
5	At the advice of a local I had met earlier in my travels, I came here for breakfast.  It was the last day of my vacation, and I was determined to end it on a high note.     They had predicted rain, so the buildings "rain attire" was on. (the roof pulled out, and their plastic windows were up and attached. I'd have preferred it open, but I can't control the weather, or people's predictions of it. But regardless, we asked to be seated outside, and we were seated outside.  It was pretty empty outside. there were only two or three tables being used (including our own.)      After perusing the menu I settled upon the "Mexican breakfast" but asked if I could not get guacamole. I also ordered "L'Asteroide" which ended up being a berry smoothie. My friends ordered their regular healthy fare.      Before too long our food arrived. My Mexican breakfast wasn't very Mexican, but it was very delicious. L'Asteroide smoothie was also delicious. Several berry flavors danced on my palate before sliding down to my belly.     Waitress was great, hostess was great, place was very clean, and everybody was great.   I'll definitely be back.            After this place, I went back to the hotel, packed up my stuff and left Montreal.     This was a nice place to end my vacation.
3	Wandering up the street in need of a decent but not expensive restaurant, we found that Universel (which has the Universal logo) was pretty much the last choice before Peel becomes residential housing. After a look at the menu, we decided that this was the place. Because the weather was nice, we sat outside.A "special" menu offered a selection of different mussels and I chose one of those. A massive pile and served with the usual frites, I ate every one and then poured the left over frites into the sauce. Really excellent.My friend had the steak he's been wanting for a few days and enjoyed it with a glass of their house red wine. While it was cooked a little longer than he wanted, he was still quite pleased with it.Service was decent. It was a good meal in a nice restaurant and the price was okay. Was it the best? No. Was it good? Yes. Would I return? Probably yes.
2	Once before I had joined a potential employer at Universel for an interview over breakfast, and decide I wanted to try breakfast here again on my own.When I arrived at the door, I waited almost 3 to 4 minutes for someone to greet me, several servers had passed without so much as a "Hi" or "Someone will be right with you".  Finally, I was shown to a table on the front terrace.I think it's important to note that the restaurant did not seem that busy.  I noticed 5 or 6 occupied tables on the inside, and there was only one other table on the terrace with a party of one, with plenty of staff on the floor.Once I was seated, there was no server in sight for almost ten minutes; no one came out to offer coffee, a beverage, or to take my ordered.  I also noticed that no one was checking on the one other table either.  There was a bus boy, who completely ignored the fact there was a new table, and didn't bother notifying a server. It appears that neither did the hostess.After waiting nearly 10 minutes, a server finally came to my table to take my order.  I order a simple 2 eggs, bacon and sausage, coffee, and OJ breakfast.  A couple of minutes later, another table of one arrived, and were seated at the table in front of me.  A different server promptly took his order.  A couple of other tables arrived in the meantime as well.After what seemed like an a long time after ordering, I still have not been served my simple breakfast, the gentleman that arrived after me was served his breakfast, and then a table that arrived after him was also served their breakfast.  At this point, I was about to stand to find out what was going on, and the server come out with my order.  She served the breakfast, but had forgotten the toast, as here MO was not to be available; I had to ask the hostess for the toast.As for the food, it was good, everything was cooked perfectly, and satisfied my hunger for a full breakfast, but it was not so exceptional to make it worth the wait for 2 eggs, bacon and sausage, coffee, and OJ.When I finished eating, the server was of course prompt with the bill, the only thing that was promptly delivered the entire experience.  Then, again I was waiting to pay the bill, at this point I was impatient, and eventually had to get up and go to hostess station, where the manager had to give me the change for my bill. I quickly mentioned to the manager about my experience, but he did not seem to care much, so I dropped it and left.
5	Wow. I came here for breakfast one morning and was thoroughly impressed by the service and the food. Amahzing.So I got some eggs benedict which came with potatoes and fruit. Was about $14, not bad for the amount! Also, I think they used a delicious montreal bagel in place of the english muffin, yum!My friend got a breakfsast platter which included everything, including cretons which i have never tried, but found out that it is delicious and the amounts of food were very generous especially for the price.
4	Came here for lunch and loved it. I can't give it 5 stars because some of the servers were not that friendly. They seated me within 5 minutes on a crowded Labor Day, but once seated it took about 10 minutes for us to even get the menus despite several of the servers passing by my table. With that said, the food was delicious. I had the Universel for lunch which is a perfectly poached egg, bacon on a bagel. that came with home fries and a side of fruit. The ambiance was nice - they have outdoor seating. This appears to be a trendy place, but the prices were reasonable. I would definitely come back.
4	Located in the heart of downtown, Universel is a great place for quality casual dining. I came for dinner, and was quickly seated. The decor is nice, and the restaurant kept very clean. A waitress came to me in a timely fashion, and I ordered the seafood fettuccine. My Caesar Salad came minutes after I had made my order. The salad was nice. Croutons were homemade and not too much dressing (as experienced in other places). Minutes after I had finished my salad, my pasta came out piping hot. Sauce was delicious (slightly messy, but that was my fault), and there was ample amounts of seafood (includes shrimp, scallops, clams, and mussels). Pasta was slightly overcooked, but no huge complaints. The price is fair for what I got. Overall, good service, good food, fair price. A great place to hangout after work in the downtown area.
3	Came here for an office party and wasn't totally impressed. There was good and bad.The good: The place was nice, the bathroom clean, and the mussels were tasty.I ordered the roast beef sandwich and onion rings, it was good the  rings were sweet the beef was tender but not moist. My meal came with a vegetable puree soup, lacked salt and any real flavor, but it was passable.The Bad: The calamari were something you would get out of a frozen box. The Nachos burnt, and when I left my seat for about 15 minutes to go chat with co-workers at the other end of the table, the other half of my sandwich was taken away.  The waitress didn't even ask anyone if I was done, or bothered to see if I was around to ask if I was done or if I wanted it to be boxed to go.Though the sandwich was not toooo expensive, I ended up paying 20 bucks for half a sandwich. In any other circumstances I would have said something or not left a tip but it is the holidays and she did have 18 other people to tend to. So, I let it go.Would I go back again? Probably not.It was nothing special, with so many other places to go downtown, I wouldn't settle for this place. But hey, that's just me.
3	If I'm too lazy to leave my lil' downtown nook and I'm craving breakfast or brunch, I'll come to Universel. It is by no means a favourite of mine, but definitely not bad either. There's nothing particularly special about this place and the food is just in the 'fine' range, but the place itself looks nice and is never quite empty so it offers a decent ambiance, a reasonable price, and is within proximity to everything downtown. So it's okay, I guess, meh.
4	Brunch is okay, good portions but basic menu. Diner is very tasty & love the deco ! Service is great.
3	Good breakfast place with a patio.  Good Customer service, clean and modern.
4	Man, I went there today and wow!  I personally loved this place...it reminded me of a few cafes back home in Dallas, Tx.  If you're looking for a good breakfast place...go to this place!!!  You won't regret it!!!  :)
4	This restaurant came highly recommended and I'm happy to report it lived up to its reputation. I needed to organize a work lunch for thirty or so people ... on a couple of day's notice! Universal to the rescue! Afterwards I received many positive comments on the choice, it seemed there really was something for everyone. I liked the fact that one can choose between breakfast OR lunch and dinner. I had the Mexican breakfast and was very happy with my choice: two burritos (actually more like enchiladas, but hey, this isn't a Mexican restaurant so who really cares) filled with scrabbled eggs, beans and cheese, topped with cheese (not a gross excessive amount though, just enough), guacamole and salsa, and served with home fries and fruit (an actual little bowl of fruit, not the couple of sad pieces of fruit some places serve). My only complaint is that the place is packed and loud.  But that's to be expected when the food is decent and the people happy. The staff had no problem managing so many people, and that's what counts.
5	This restaurant has one of the most respectable and professional staff I have ever seen! They make southern hospitality look weak. They know how to make a mean breakfast. I grabbed the sampler because I wanted to try everything. I can tell you this, it's worth every dollar. Highly recommended. It will be a place I without question will return when I am back in Montreal.
4	I went there for lunch with a friend. The restaurant was busy which is a good sign. Food was excellent and so was the service. I give 4 stars for the wait to be seated
3	I like the St Denis version of this place ok, and I certainly like the location on Peel and the charming gents who took me there, and the staff was friendly and without fault, and in general, you know, a-ok. But I ordered a salad and it was a pile of soggy blackened mesculn and that.. I frankly can't abide. It was clearly prepped hours before, and tasted tasted like poison, and if I never see box salad mesculn again it'll be too soon. And I guess. That's The End.
4	I read that service was slow, on this Wednesday morning at 8:40am it was not the case, they were efficient and friendly.Filter coffee was good, and universal fruit jive excellent.
5	Had the breakfast universal!!!!! It was perfection!!!!HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
3	We went here for New Year's Breakfast today and got the following items:-Cafe Au Lait (bowl)-L'Univers Fruit Juice-Apple, Bacon, and Cheddar Crepe-Ham and Swiss CrepeBoth crepes were pretty tasty, although I personally liked the apple/bacon/cheddar one better.  However, my bf liked the ham/swiss crepe better.  I thought both crepes were a little bland and needed a little more oomf in flavor.  For example, the ham wasn't very salty and there wasn't much bacon to add saltiness. Having said that, I really liked that the crepes themselves were thick yet fluffy.As for the drinks, the juice was a bit sour for my taste but I still enjoyed it and emptied my glass.  I'm not really a coffee person but the bf seemed impressed by the cafe au lait.Extra props to them for being open on New Years though!!
5	Ahhh! I love it! The food I very good! Nice outdoor terasse. My favorite waiter is MathieuI love my happy Friday at Universal !
4	Pretty good, especially during the summer. Good for the central location
4	Went at about noon on a weekday, with a baby and a stroller, and they were very accommodating and welcoming.  They even gave me a 4-person table so that I'd have lots of room, even though I was the only paying customer at the table, and the restaurant was full and busy.The staff were friendly.  My fruit crepe with custard hit the spot.  My only pet peeve: I ordered a tea, and they brought me a cup of hot water, with a tea bag on the side.  Restaurants need to know: the tea just doesn't brew when you have to put the bag in the tea.  It is a way better cup of tea if you pour the water on the bag.  So either bring it pre-poured, or bring the water in a little teapot, so that it can be poured over the bag into the mug.
3	Great hangover cure. The eggs Benedict are delicious. The home fries and really nude. Don't forget to have a smoothy with your meal (although you may want to split it with someone). Decided to try out the breakfast burrito and was unimpressed with the fillings. The beans tasted like baked beans from a can and the guacamole was average.
4	One of those places where when on vacation you don't have to find another eatery because they have everything you need from great food to great service. The seat I had allowed me to look straight into the bar area where the bartender prepared all drinks, fruit bowls and desserts. It was nice to see him cut and prepare fresh fruit for the fruit bowls and cleaned up after himself after every task. So pleased with the cleanliness of the establishment. I am very particular and am good for sending something back at least once. EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT & IT'S HARD FOR ME TO SAY THAT!!! This is a definite recommend and so happy that I only had to exit the Omni Mont Royal's door on Peel, walk 15 ft and experienced heaven in my mouth. BTW, I had the black olive, tomato, red onion and feta omelet which comes with home potatoes,  fresh fruit,  toast, and a cup of tea I added a fresh fruit juice (l'univers) prepared upon order (delish). The waiter was attentive and didn't act like it was a bother to speak to me in English. Shhhhhh, don't tell I'm on my way over now for breakfast before I hit the road back to the states. #goodeats #mustdo #tryityoulllikeit #dontcheatyourself
5	This was one of, if not the best, eggs benedict I've ever had. I travel a lot for my company and always treat myself to eggs benny. The version I got here was called the Billy Goat which had goat cheese, spinach, capers, and salmon. It was delicious. The homefries were great as well in terms of taste and crispiness, albeit a little salty. The eggs also came with a nice plate of fresh fruit.The staff was friendly and courteous even though my French is atrocious, haha. They came over several times refilling coffee and water.The booth I sat in was huge and comfy with a great view of both the televisions inside and the street outside. What a nice place to eat breakfast while traveling.
4	Walked in the doors, there was a line up (as expected). But what was unexpected, was that we were seated almost immediately. Seating is cozy yet comfortable. You're quite close to your neighbours however, the atmosphere makes the closeness almost forgotten. Table was adorned with all the necessities for a perfect coffee and all the condiments for a perfectly seasoned meal. The ambiance is quite trendy here. Plastic chandeliers adorn the ceiling, textured green wall paper lines the walls and green velvet covers the booth seating. It's a very 'hip' place to walk into. It took a little longer than average to be greeted by our server, however it did not bother me. It's a busy place but seems very well managed. The server was very nice and seemed genuinely interested in our morning. Our order was taken promptly, our coffees served and our water glasses refilled. The meal came VERY quickly! I'm talking less than 7 minutes quickly. But! Nothing about my plate looked rushed. The meal (combination eggs benedict) was well prepared: eggs benedict cooked perfectly to my liking, potatoes browned to perfection and a fruit bowl so appealing I had to eat it first! My coffee was refilled over breakfast, my water refilled multiple times and the server did pay attention to our needs. Overall, this was a wonderful experience... Now, if you'll excuse me... I'm going to get back to my coffee :)
5	Let me set the scene... It a Saturday morning, the second day of spring, there is a blizzard outside, and of all weekends... we choose this one to have a girls only romp in Montreal.But we are troopers... and did I mention hungry? We find a restaurant that catches our attention 11 minutes from where we are staying and begin our trek in the snow storm. Wet and cold we arrive and are blown away by the gem we found. Quaint and sophisticated, Universel is not your boring breakfast spot. House music plays in the background, MuchVibe on the TVs and the decor is mix of retro chic, and modern. The breakfast menu is HUGE, service is amazing, and the food came out in less than 10 minutes (which is good cause we were starving).All in all amazing breakfast vibe.I would make this my regular spot if I lived here.Prices are a little higher than a Cora's but well worth the price. If you find yourself in MTL in a snowstorm and feel your day has been ruined with ever additional flake, this place will warm your belly and your soul.
5	Eggs Benedict was great, had the universal (bacon, sausage, mushroom, gruyere cheese on a bagel) for $14. Came with a bowl of Fresh fruit :) I recommend checking this place out
5	We found this place via Yelp's nearby search. The restaurant looks very nice and it was quite packed for brunch. Since we were two, we were seated fairly quickly. Service and food were excellent. We would go back if in the area again.
3	Summary: Great atmosphere, good service and okay food. I had the combination eggs Benedict which was as straight forward as a Benedict gets. It came with potatoes and fruit. That and a mimosa was $26. My friend got the universal breakfast that came with 2 eggs, 2 large crepes, potatoes, bacon, beans, some weird pate of some sort and bread. She also got a waffle. That and orange juice totaled about $36. The hollandaise sauce on my benefit was pretty plain so I did use a lot of salt, and my friend said her crepes were too rubbery and heavy. Even though the food was okay, I would definitely come back and try something else on their menu. Our waitress was very nice and the place was very busy with a fun, modern feel.
4	Price - Quality is very good. Eggs and home made potatoes are great. Nice friendly service, even if you are by your own.
4	Universel was a little bit of a walk from the hotel but it was a Saturday morning after a night out and we were looking for a good quality breakfast.  The reviews on Yelp said this was the place to go so we headed over.When we got there, it wasn't exactly what I expected; I was picturing more of a breakfast diner.  This place was huge with a big indoor and outdoor section and the entire place was packed.  We managed to get a table quickly but a line formed soon after we sat down.The menu was impressive.  There were probably 8 different eggs Benedict and all of them looked awesome.  I ordered a fruit smoothie to start and it was delicious.  For breakfast I had an eggs Benedict that came with salmon, spinach, and cream cheese.  It was pretty amazing.  I didn't take advantage but it seemed like they had a pretty impressive drink menu.  The 20+ person bachelor party sitting behind me was taking full advantage with breakfast shots.Overall I bumped this down to four stars because of the atmosphere.  It was a little larger and more crowded than I would have liked for a breakfast place, but the food was very good and the service was decent.
5	I see many people on here calling this a diner. In NYC, this place would be considered somewhat upscale for the consistent cleanliness, quality of their staff, and oh my god...the food...If this is a "diner," then please explain to this humble New Yorker how come I haven't gotten sick even once after eating here. How come the staff is well-dressed, ridiculously nice, competent, AND incredibly good-looking?! I don't think I've ever even seen that combination of qualities in a New York establishment's staff before.This place is wonderful. If it was closer to my apartment, I would come here every single day.
4	We stopped in for breakfast and immediately liked this place. Plenty of tables, including ones outside so on nice days you can dine al fresco. The menu is extensive, so you are bound to find something you like here.I had the Universel Omelet, loaded with bacon, sausage, ham, red onions, mushrooms and cheddar cheese (I passed on the green peppers). I could barely finish this tasty behemoth. My friends had the apple, bacon and cheddar crepe (delicious, huge, hard to stop eating) and the basic ham and eggs (good job with the classic).Service was very prompt and attentive, and the coffee cups were never empty for long.The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is the price - $15 for an omelet - but it was really good so we went back again.
5	Easily one of the best brunches I have ever had. Long story short: great service, food was fast and delicious, they catered to a few minor changes in the dish, and overall absolutely worth it.I had the classic eggs benedict with ham substituting the default cheese to goat cheese. It came out loaded with hollandaise sauce, with some fresh fruit and house fries (see posted pictures from other users). I crushed all of it, while my girlfriend only had half of her eggs bene with salmon and spinach - not because of taste, but rather it was so filling. Recommended!
4	Had salmon Benedict which was pretty tasty and the side potatoes were great.  The real surprise was was the fruit bowl that came with breakfast - best I've ever had!
4	Depending on what impress you, if you are more impressed by size thats a definite place to go :)   Quality and the price are adjusted and it has a better ambiance than lot of other places.
5	Mexican and Breakfast Pizza .... mmmm
5	Insane how busy this place is on the weekends but for good reason. We arrived half an hour late to or reservations and despite telling us we would have to wait in line we were surprised to only wait 5 minutes or so for a table for six.This was one of the best brunch places I've been to in years. The prices were slightly higher than I would've liked but quality of homemade comfort breakfast food was phenomenal. Make sure to order dishes with a cup of fruit or get an add on because everything was super sweet and fresh. The orange juice wasn't worth it. But the rest of the food was amazing. I ordered a smoked salmon eggs benedict which came with a cup of fruit and potatoes. The potatoes were awesome, perfectly fried to a crispy exterior with a soft interior. The hollandaise sauce was tasty but subtle and the poached eggs were perfectly done.Friends got universal breakfast which was well worth it and even without a cup of fruit had some fruit to munch on on the side. Everything was just done to perfection and as one of the few places that takes reservations this is a must go.
4	This place was great.  The brunch was delicious.  The service was friendly.  Almost at the heart of downtown.  I look forward to returning.
2	Do not come here if you have gluten issues. We were seated rather quickly and started to peruse our menu. When the waiter came over to ask us if we were ready (in French) I could sense his annoyance with the fact that we did not speak French. His annoyance became apparent when he ignored us to tend to another table(French speakers) which was seated after us. He brought them all their coffee while forgetting about the drinks we ordered. I had to ask the person who brought me my food if I could have my coffee and my daughter could have her chocolate milk. We didn't see the waiter again until he brought me my bill.  I would not recommend this place and in fact would send you over to Ben and Florentine one block over.
4	Food was pretty good, service was great, milkshake was not so great since they didn't add any ice to it and it came to me lukewarm (I took ice from my ice water and all was good with the world again).Location is nice, but you should seriously consider redesigning your sign/logo outside. It makes your restaurant feel cheap and not worth going inside, but as soon as we went inside we were pleasantly surprised by the decor.
4	Great choices - crepes, eggs and much more. Large portions - easily split between two people. Nice seating outdoors. Speedy service.
4	Universel is a great way to start the day. The restaurant is in close proximity to several hotels and was a great place to grab a solid breakfast. The portions are generous and are much larger than they appear in photos. The prices is reasonable considering the amount of food that you get and the quality of ingredients used. The cappuccino was spot on and I made sure to savor every stop. Service with a smile always makes the food taste even better and makes for happy diners.
3	It's a fun place to chill.If I were the decision maker, I would have added more healthy options on the menu for breakfast - most options were heavy to handle lol1 negative thing was that the waitresses work too hard take away dishes and clean up, sometimes they walk all around you which is a bit annoying.
2	I'm surprised that this place has the rating it has...There was about a 30min wait at noon for 3 people.We sat at the bar for coffee, which was amazing.  As all the servers passed the food looked amazing!That was short lived.  I ordered the ham and cheese crepe.  First of all, this was the most dense crepe, it was more like a stuffed pancake....My friend had a grilled cheese sandwich and salmon egges beni.Immediately when the grilled cheese came I knew it was going to be bad. The cheese wasnt even melted....The salmon eggs beni was salty and terrible....This probably is a tourist spot, music is loud, decor is nice, its in the city.....if i lived in montreal i would never go here....
4	Universel was great! We made reservations for 9 AM on a Saturday, and when we arrived, there were a number of people outside but not too many inside. It's worth noting that by the time we left, the inside had filled up, and there were a ton of people inside. I ordered an egg white omelet, which was flavorful and well cooked, and the portions were quite large. The other benedicts and omelets at the table were deemed okay (nothing spectacular but tasty).
2	I don't really see what the fuss is all about for this place.We asked for a table for 8 people, on a sunday at 12, so of course you can expect to wait for a table, but what I really REALLY don't like is when the waitress tells you :" - It's going to be a 10mn wait Comes back 25mn later - 5 more minutes guys 50mn after we entered the place, we have our table"From 10 to 50 minutes, excuse me but ... Fuck off.Food wise ...Well it's not bad and the plate is full for a reasonable price, my breakfast Burrito was ok, but that's the thing : I had way better in places not so packed. It's big, noisy, absolutely no atmosphere whatsoever so.... Yeah I just don't get it.
4	I really enjoyed our breakfast here. We got here about 10:30 on a Saturday and were seated right away.  Good coffee, good food (both had combos of eggs and crepes) and good service.  I would definitely come here again.
4	Great place for breakfast.  Came here twice on our long weekend in Montreal.  Servings are enormous, so the second time I just got two sides and was still sufficiently stuffed.  The crepes are on the thick side, but still delicious; waffles are light and fluffy; home fries are nicely seasoned and the hollandaise sauce on the eggs benedict was fantastic.  Was only disappointed in the hot chocolate- it was watery even though it looked super chocolately.
4	Another great recommendation by our hotel's concierge. Went here for Sunday brunch. It looked as though many people were waiting for tables but we were fortunately seated at a table for 2 within 5 minutes. The service was great. The omelettes were huge. The meal was really delicious and filling.
4	Great meal and atmosphere!We wanted to start our day off right and you know that can only mean one thing: delicious brunch! This place did not disappoint.The place was packed and we got seated on the second-to-last table available.Excellent price to quality ratio. I can eat a lot and rarely leave a restaurant full but I did today. These guys are not stingy with their portions.Quality is right up there with any other brunch I've been to. I had an omelette and it came complete with a healthy amount of fruit, bread, beans and potatoes. We threw in another plate of fruit and two smoothies, the latter being so fresh and so delicious.Service was outstanding. Our waiter was super friendly, patient and informative.Would definitely be back next time I'm in the neighborhood!
5	So good, we returned twice in one weekend!I'd heard about Universel from a couple of Yelpers so we planned to stop in for breakfast on our trip to Montreal. But we loved it so much the first time, we decided to stop in again 2 days later!On our first visit, we had a very late lunch after driving down from Mont Tremblant. They've got a very large menu with so many diverse choices. I opted for the Tortellini Gigi with 3 cheeses as it sounded quite hearty. It ended up being a great choice! Stuffed with 3 cheeses and soaked in a creamy tomato sauce and topped with mushrooms, every bite was oh so good!On the second visit, we stopped in for a late breakfast. I was torn between sweet and hearty as I wanted the energy of protein but sweet things like french toast and crepes were calling my name. I read up and down the crepe options and saw a few with protein. I opted for the bacon, apple, and cheddar crepes which quite honestly seemed like an odd combination. The crepes came out a tad on the thick side but it didn't matter because they were so good. The cheddar, apple, and bacon combination was delicious! I scarfed every bit down!Service was friendly on both visits and the warm atmosphere was a nice break from the cold. The decor is hip and contemporary with lots of green, mirrored surfaces, and large booths. It's a great place to host a large group with plentiful space. The great reviews bestowed upon Universel are well deserved. It was a huge hit for us.....twice! It's must do, at least once, on your Montreal visit.
4	We had a lovely brunch here. Being Sunday late morning, they were crazy busy. With that said, they got us in right away and hustled to get everyone served quickly. We sat in an outdoor area which was covered, so it was warm. The food was good and serving size was massive. I ordered eggs Benedict and held the cheese, but added mushrooms. Yum!! It was served with some delicious breakfast fries and a huge bowl of fruit. The one downfall was the eggs were cooked all the way through, so there was no runny yolk. I'm not a local, so maybe that's how this dish would be served throughout the region?!? Regardless, you should check this place out!
3	Good local joint for good local food , the tables are a little too close to the neighbors but it makes it fun , u can enjoy you're meal while u Ease drop next table over or people watch ...the servers are nice and friendly food was a bit cold but still tasty 3  stars for the cold food ,,, 4 stars for the staff n service ...
