1	BEWARE! DEALER IS UNSCRUPULOUS, SCANDALOUS, AND DECEPTIVE! Not only do they misrepresent the cars they sell, the service department gives exaggerated damage claims, does not honor warranty, overcharges and lies about what is wrong with the car. They claimed to make repairs and replace parts that a reputable mechanic later proved they did NOT repair NOR replace yet they charged big $$ for this Do yourself a favor and do not go here!
4	this is the dealer i bought my car from and the one i get it serviced at . this is a great place , they have two diff. service areas . one for minor services , and one for major services , warranty or repairs. the minor service part is fast if you have apt. , or if they are not bzy that day. can have a long wait if you pull up and there is a lot of people in frt. of you. if you got to the snack counter while in for service they will give you free stuff while you wait. they also found the tire air leak that 3 tire stores could not find !!! yes its free to repair at tire store but if they cant fix it is it worth the price ? would recommend this dealer for anything you need on a Toyota .
1	Those jerks left a old part floating in my gas tank. It caused problem with my gas gauge and I ran out of gas and had to walk for 2 hours in the middle of night against 30 MPH wind. Here is the story: My "check engine" light was on, so I took my 2002 Camry to this place. One hour later, they call me and told me some valve in the gas tank needed to be replaced. It's $500. If I decide not to fix it, it's $110 for checking the car. And they recommended a lot of other "repairs" I might want to do. All together would be $1500. What is this?? Somebody call the police. I am being robbed. I told them to just take care of the "check engine" light problem first. I picked up my car within one hour. And it's $500 for one hour of work. I started reading the bill, they charged me a new gas cap for $55 and that's before the labor cost. That's when I swore to myself never again coming to dealership to repair anything. One year later, I took the car to the repair sho to fix the gauge after the 2 hours walk home. They told me some body left behind a piece of old part broke off from a valve floating in the gas tank. Unbelievable!!!
1	Horrible, dishonest salespeople -- including John Barr himself. He and other guys there lied to me, tried a bait and switch with the contract, stalled things trying to wear me out. After four hours, and about to close the deal, I noticed a new $250 fee that was not there before and we had already agreed what the fees would be. When I brought it up, they basically said pay it or else, so I walked out. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH JOHN BARR OR ANY FINDLAY DEALERSHIP. I also suspect most of the high ratings on here are shills.
3	My rating is only on the service side as I'm the  owner of an 11-year old Corolla that just needs some love as it cruises gracefully into its twilight years. After years of making the stupid (but economical) choice of taking my car to Sears, I decided it was time to take my car into the dealership because I was tired of getting jerked around by folks who don't even specialize in the make of the car.Although it was painful to pay more than twice what I usually do for a radiator flush, I was semi-confident that the car was in good hands (I'm always wary of mechanics for the simple fact I'm a woman and they never fail to perpetuate the stereotype when it comes to women and car troubles.) I'd been suffering brake troubles since having my brake pads replaced at Sears nearly a year ago and every time I'd gone in, they'd chalk it up to dust or some made up diagnosis and send me away with noisy brakes again and again. After checking them out at Toyota, my sales rep told me simply that the brake pads weren't made for Toyotas, weren't going to cause any harm to the car, but were going to keep being noisy unless I replaced them with Toyota brakes. He didn't push me on the subject, just gave his recommendations and reminded me that it wasn't going to cause long term damage to the car. He was very personable and broke everything down for me, even took me out to show me what the actual problem was with the brakes (as if I could tell!).I liked that he was honest and didn't try and upsell a problem and take advantage of the fact that I was clearly stressed over this. Although I'm not thrilled with having my wallet raped, I can rest easy that my car was in good hands and I very likely wasn't lied to. Also, they threw a car wash in there which was excellent seeing as my car has been bathing au naturale (rain) as of late.
1	Those jerks left a old part floating in my gas tank. It caused problem with my gas gauge and I ran out of gas and had to walk for 2 hours in the middle of night against 30 MPH wind. Here is the story: My "check engine" light was on, so I took my 2002 Camry to this place. One hour later, they call me and told me some valve in the gas tank needed to be replaced. It's $500. If I decide not to fix it, it's $110 for checking the car. And they recommended a lot of other "repairs" I might want to do. All together would be $1500. What is this?? Somebody call the police. I am being robbed. I told them to just take care of the "check engine" light problem first. I picked up my car within one hour. And it's $500 for one hour of work. I started reading the bill, they charged me a new gas cap for $55 and that's before the labor cost. That's when I swore to myself never again coming to dealership to repair anything. One year later, I took the car to the repair sho to fix the gauge after the 2 hours walk home. They told me some body left behind a piece of old part broke off from a valve floating in the gas tank. Unbelievable!!!Afterwards, I told the service dept. what had happened. Not only they won't take responsibility, this person Steve the manager was rude and start talking about "court of laws". Those jerks!!
1	I have had 2 atrocious experiences here.  They're your salesy salesmen and rather than listening to you and what you are looking for/need (which is a sign of a good salesman), they launch into their wants in what you have to trade, finance/monthly payments, down money, etc.  Before you even look at a single vehicle!  Their approach is awful, their customer service and listening skills leave a great deal to be desired and they gie you zero feeling of comfort or trust.  How they've become such a large dealership is beyond me, they must dupe a lot of uneducated people into buying.  They overcharge and add lots of superfluous "additions" to the cars and as it turns out, John Barr won't "do anything to sell you a car."  They lost my business and Centennial Toyota earned it.
4	After months of searching for a car, and multiple trips back and forth to dealerships, I finally bunkered down and picked out a Toyota Prius.  I dealt with Kody and Antwaun, and they were both exceptionally helpful!  They answered all of my questions, even the phone calls after business hours when I had forgotten prices for the extended warranties and so on.  I also changed my mind over the last few weeks from a used Yaris to a new Yaris, to a new Corolla, to a used Prius, and finally to the new Prius. They didn't even try to upsell, I did it on my own!  I really appreciated their patience with my constant changes.  I have yet to get anything serviced so I can't give any advice on that front, but if you are looking for friendly staff they are definitely top notch.
1	Heading back to LA and our Toyota dies, 60 miles out of Vegas at around 5:30PM. We had it towed with our AAA towing company to Findlay Toyota for $512. even with a AAA discount. No sooner had we droppped off the car after the service was closed than the sales 'manager' and an accomplice drive up and almost immediately try and sell us a new Toyota. We nicely decline and mention we just need our car evaluated first thing in the AM when the service opens and possibly repaired and we would be on way. These attempts to sell a new car were tried via cell phone all into the next day, 3 times total to sell us a car we could neither afford or want. The only silver lining in this company was the the service technician 'Chuck Griffin' was a prince to deal with. Although we decided to shop the service a little, he was a good and honest man to talk and deal with. We had our car towed again to another location for less than half what the repairs were quoted and needless to say we will never return to this place again nor do we recommend them.
2	Had my Taco' in for service five times since I owned it:1. First day owning it I was getting an engine warning I found I had no gas cap - they gave me a new one, but forgetting to include a gas cap?  2. First week owning I had a tire air pressure warning - took them four visits to fix the leak over a two week period3. Oil change with an appointment - took 2 hours while I sat and waited  4. Oil change dropped it off  - when I returned it took them a half an hour to find my truck, and they forgot to wash it as offered5. Oil change dropped it off  - had to wait over a half hour for the 'valet' to get my truck.  Oh yeah, they forgot to wash as offered again. They asked if I wanted to wait while they 'washed it up'.  I think not.Service here is awful in my experience.  The only reason I gave them a two star is the oil changes are free.
1	Findlay repair shop sucks! Recently had my car in for A/C fan repair. The fan was not blowing well (intermittent). Service guy called & said they couldn't find anything wrong, but my air filter was dirty, and that might be the problem.  He said it was $24. I told him to change it. He told me my rear brakes needed replacing, and that they were under 1mm, almost metal on metal.First off, I just had my brakes checked the week before, & the guy there told me the brakes were fine & did not need changing. Findlay also charged me $25 for changing the filter (1/4 hour labor). Brought it back to my brake guy who removed the tires & showed me the braked had over 4mm left....plenty good.Looks like they were just out to rob me at Findlay!P.S. they didn't find anything wrong with the A/C fan, but today it stopped working completely.
1	Came to Findlay Toyota to sell my car. The offer was to low which is fine. I gathered my things and asked for my registration. I was only here for 45 minutes and now they have lost my registration. My 45 minutes has turned into 1 hr 45 minutes. A few people looked around the desk while Tony disregarded my time. Guess what Tony if you cared about customers you would have seen my registration under your nose.
4	I'm impressed.  After leasing a new Camry from them, a few months passed, and I wondered why I hadn't yet received my license plates, so I gave them a call.  They told me that they mailed a letter to me about a week after I got the car, telling me to come in to get the papers I needed to sign for registration.  I told them I never received such a letter, and that they should have contacted me after time passed and I hadn't come in to sign the papers.  I told them that because of that, I thought they should pay for the penalty and late fees from the DMV.  To my shock, they agreed -- $84.  They may have dropped the ball in the beginning, but they certainly made right by me.  Everyone I've spoken with has been nice.  I highly recommend them.
5	Ouch I don't know why with all the bad reviews. I on the other hand have to give them a 5 star to the service dept. I was out at Vegas on a trip with my Toyota Prius and the check engine came on I went to see a guy name Rick Jenkins and he was more than happy to tell me all the information I needed and they will take a look at it but it might run into the AM before there was any news since it was about 4pm. However I needed a ride back to my hotel on the strip since I'm here on a vacay and they didn't have anyone at that moment to take me there they said but I was ok with that knew it wasn't too close. However 20 mins in waiting there service drive manger? Noah Dresener was willing to give me a ride out there since Ive been waiting for awhile and he was on his way to the airport to pick up someone. So sweet took that deal a manger going out his way to give me a ride! The next day Rick called me back and told me that I had a misfire on cylinder 3 and recommend to replace coil pack number 3 I said that is okay. Got that replace went back to pick up my car and I met there service mangers Tommy and Doug awesome fella I just wanted to thank them for having such an amazing employee and seeing that they look young there doing something right! Much better than the dealer back my home in the BayArea. Highly recommend too get your vehicle service here!! This is also one of those rare service dept that have regular office seat and you actually sit down with them instead of getting look down on like other dealership! Kudos Findlay Toyota!!
1	I do the majority of work on our two cars. A 2001 Nissan Xterra and a 2005 Toyota Scion Xb. It started about three weeks ago I lost the brakes on my Scion xb. I do manage to get the car home. So I bought a master cylinder from Findlay Toyota. Cost me $300 bucks!. So I get it home and Im getting ready to install it. Toyota included this measruing gauge to measure whether the clearance for brake booster is adjusted correctly for the master cylinder shaft. For one thing ive never heard of this before. So i call toyota and they tell me the only way to adjust the booster rod is to bring it in. i cant buy the tool to adjust it and they wont let me borrow it. ok fine. so they quote me $160. im already pissed because installing the master cylinder takes like 5 minutes and thats with my coffee break included! so i have the car towed there and they tell me theyll call me when the jobs done. so i get a call from Chuck in the service department and he tells me the brake booster is bad because they found brake fluid in it. They want $1100. I said no and had the car towed back home. so i install the master cylinder and by the way i didnt find any brake fluid in the booster. i didnt even have to bleed the cylinder or the system! car stops great and im so glad i didnt waste my money. before you have a shop, any shop do some work please get a second opinion.
1	I went in to this dealership to purchase a vehicle. At first, everything was fine. They checked my credit rating and said it was so good, I could purchase 3 vehicles if I wanted. The only problem was that they didn't have the particluar vehicle I wanted. No problem, they said. We can order one. It will take 4 to 6 weeks. Fine, I said. And I gave them $500.00 in good faith.  8 weeks later, still no car! Texted the salesman the next day to find out what the story was. He texted back it would take another 6 weeks! Are you kidding me? Seriously!  The following day, I went to get a refund!  I told the salesman that I'm still going to buy a car but not from this dealership! On a funny note, the guy who's always in those commercials saying " I'LL DO ANYTHING TO SELL YOU A CAR! '  was standing just 2 ft. in front of me as I asked for my refund of $500.00. He looked straight at me and walked away! Apparently, HE WON'T DO ANYTHING TO SELL YOU A CAR! LOL!
1	Loved my Toyota - can't stand this dealership! I've gone looking at cars there several times only to be met by rude salesmen - and now, they have the NERVE to invite dog killer Michael Vick to their dealership and then act surprised that people are upset! When I called to complain, nicely I might add, the guy hung up! What jerks! Spend your money elsewhere!
4	I've had a fair amout of experience with Findlay Toyota and they have all been pretty positive.  My wife and I leased a car from here about a year and a half ago.  We ended up dealing with Richard Kaye and had a good experience.  I feel when you're going to get a car at a dealership you have to understand you're dealing with car salesmen.  There's a certain way about them you just have to understand those going to be a little bit of haggling.  In the end, Richard met our price for what we were willing to pay and we were very happy.Flash-forward a year when we hit some debris on the interstate that completely wrecked the engine of our Rav4.  Tresia in the service department was amazing!  She did everything she could to keep us updated and get our car back to us as soon as possible.  Needless to say, the car never felt the same and we had a few problems with it (our insurance company refused to okay the payment for a few parts that needed to be replaced).  A couple of times we brought the car in to Buddy and again, he was amazing!  We finally decided to trade it back in and re-lease an upgraded vehicle (we have a baby now).  I didn't know this was allowed but they really made it very easy.  Again, we dealt with Richard who met our price and was very accommodating.  Another gentlemen who helped us out was named Paul and you couldn't find a nicer guy.I think it's important to put all these names in here so anyone who's thinking of going to Toyota knows who to deal with.  All of these folks met our expectations and made the experiences very easy.
4	3.5 stars overall for excellent repair work, good customer service, but high prices and a lot of unfortunate up-selling. [Review is solely for repair shop]The Service Dept. at a Toyota dealership was my last choice for a place to fix my Camry.  Not because a dealer's repair shop doesn't know its business, but because I am a frugal man (read: cheap cheap) and dealer service departments are notorious for over-charging for labor and manufacturer parts.  That said, I finally brought my car into the Toyota service department after 2 other mechanics had tried and failed to get the check engine light to turn off.  It was a re-occurring problem with the exhaust system that would break again about a month after I paid for repairs.It took the Toyota service department about 2 hours to diagnose the problem and call me with a quote.  They solved the exhaust issue that day and its never broken again (so I can actually pass the smog test).  I have no complaints with the work.  They seem to have fixed it right.The price?  I'm flinching as I write this remembering how much they charged for labor and parts.  That said, some folks might argue the high prices are due to the level of expertise of their mechanics and that Toyota parts work better because they were designed for your car.  Hmmm . . . I guess.  But the cost still seems a little high.  Know that going in here and you probably won't be disappointed.My only negative experience was with the up-selling from the customer service representative.  It's expensive enough to get a car repaired at the dealer, but the customer service rep. ran off a list of cosmetic and minor fixes that he recommended be done (Get some perspective, man.  It's an 11 yr old car and a Camry -- how much do I care about keeping up its appearance?).  Each suggested repair would have driven the total cost higher and higher.  I get that up-selling is a part of the business, but it takes away some of the trust earned from the excellent repairs.  And a trusted mechanic is worth more over time than a one time $300 up-sell.  So, I'm ranking the Service Dept. at 3.5 stars for quality work.  4 stars for the repair minus 1/2 a star for up-selling that made me doubt their trustworthiness.  No subtraction for the cost of the repairs.  I knew what I was getting when I came here and high cost of repairs aside, they gave me exactly what I asked for: a long term repair for my car.
1	I just recently purchased a used Toyota Tacoma from this dealership, and it was a HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!!!! When we purchased the vehicle they told us that the smoker smell in the car would come out and they would detail and shampoo everything to get the smell out. I went in a few days later and it still smelled like and ashtray, so they said they would clean it again. Four days later the car still smelled!! We asked what our options were and they said they would clean it again or they would trade it in for $9,000 less than we paid. Meanwhile, the whole time they had our car, we didn't get a loaner car. We also asked to have another company clean the car and they refused. The inside of the car was haphazardly cleaned and dog hair, dirt, smeared food was still visible in the car. We asked to speak to a manager and they didn't even do that for us.NEVER PURCHASE A CAR FROM THIS DEALERSHIP!!!!!
1	I took my Prius to the service department when the warning lights came on.  The car was originally purchased from this dealer, I bought it at another Findlay dealer, and was very satisfied.  On this trip they diagnosed two water pumps, one repair 471 one 371, bad battery 271, ac evacuation and refill 189.  I towed it to another shop, both pumps(toyota parts) and labor, 441 total.  Nothing wrong with the battery, AC needed one can of freon.  Will not return.
5	I bought my FR-S here sight unseen. Worked with Carlos, internet sales I think. He was very patient with me and all my questions and was always professional. Very easy to get in touch with and always returned my calls. It was a very easy buying process, although it did take longer than expected, through no fault of Carlos. Car was delivered right to my doorstep at the exact time the transporter said he'd arrive.
1	My review Im writing goes back to 2010 and i had the worst experience! Long story short, I got a car said i was approved knowing i was not, they called me 3 weeks later telling me i need to put more money down, when i went to return my car they tried to get me into a scion that smelled of cigarette smoke. While i got to my old car they told me it wont last another 2 months because they had someone "examine it"... Went back 1 week later for my check everyone was nice to me until they found out i didnt get approved for my new card.RUDE RUDE RUDEOHHHH and its 2012 still driving my car that is suppose to break down on me! and it never has!!! I will never go back, worst experience that i still remember 2 yrs later
5	Always great service!  Wont go any where else
2	I've had worse, but seen WAY better.My First visit - simple, basic 5,000 interval service (oil change, rotation safety check etc) - check in and waited 2 hours, was called to check out only to see they serviced the wrong car.... not only had my car NOT been serviced yet, but they performed the services I needed on someone else's car.  - the service manager apologized and we rescheduled (I was new to the area and didnt know of any reputable mechanics and I was still covered for free maintenance at the dealership).Second Visit - went better than the first, while they were doing the work on my car, I decided to buy a new truck - done deal.Third Visit - 5,000 mile service on new truck - waited two hours for an oil change and tire rotation - absolutely uncalled for!  Service was great by my pet monkey could have done it faster - but it was included at no chargeFourth Visit - 10,000 mile service on new truck - pulled in to check it in, was advised it was another 2+ hour waiting time. I expressed my growing concern with the advisor and drove off.  I spent $100 elsewhere for the service and was on my way in 30 minutes.I only have 2 more interval-based visits left on my Toyota Care maintenance plan.  Although the people are nice, the place is an absolute waste of valuable time.  Great place to buy a vehicle from, avoid the service department at most costs!
1	http://pinterest.com/joevintage/broken-scion-tc-s-xbs/Hundreds of Thousands of 2005 - 2011 Scion xB & tC owners around the world have a common problem, hatch garnish breaks from normal repeated use. Hydraulic shocks that assist the heavy truck hatch to pop open, go out & the weak plastic clips break off causing garnish & hatch release cable mechanism to dangle. Owners are forced to tape/glue garnish into place which causes safely issues in covering brake lights.Toyota knows of issue but refused to compensate owners & take financial responsibility.
1	Went again for a routine oil change - made an appointment.  When I went in for service I had to wait 10 minutes before anyone even looked at me.  Finally sat down to fill out the service order. I cannot understand why they do this by hand each time.  I bought the truck here, why don't you have my information in the computer?  After filling it all out the service rep says "it will be ready in about 2 and 1/2 hours""I had an appointment" I replied.  He shrugged his shoulders so I left.  Every time I have been to this place for service there has been a gaff.
5	Talk about a CAR DEALER experience.. LETS. After being ridiculously disappointed at CENTENNIAL Toyota. If you want details, shoot me a message. I firmly told John G., internet sales, that I'm coming down to buy a car, listed my wants, and up to a no bs deal/negotiation panel of Toyota employees.I didn't leave disappointed. I left with the car of MY CHOICE that agreed to my liking down to monthly payment. I didn't BS much as I was getting either the $1000k rebate or the 0% APR. I came, John saw and we both conquered.Don't waste your time seeing other dealers. Come see John first to see what you can get. No fuss. No muss.
1	liars, thieves, dont keep their word and are worse in customer service. i will never return again and neither will my friends or family. i love toyota vehicles, but i will have to invest in a honda.
5	I spoke with Steve about 9 months ago about needing to get a car.  My 2000 Camry had a blown engine. He offered $1,500 trade in value for the car but I had no money to make a down payment and I was unable to pay much of a monthly either.  Steve kept working with me over the next month trying to find me a car I could afford.  I finally decided that I would have to wait till tax time to have enough money for a car.  This weekend I went back and talked to Steve and updated him on my my situation.   He honored the $1,500 trade in value from 9 months ago even though the value of the car has gone down and was able to get the a 2013 Corolla for a grand under the MSRP.  Steve spent a lot of time fighting for me with the guys upstairs to get me the best deal.   I have good credit but a a high DTI (Debt to Income Ratio) so having a high payment is not an option for me.  I do have a lot of debt but I do pay all me bills on time.   I would not have been able to get this car with out Steve's help.If you are looking for a good car and need some one to fight for you talk to Polish Steve :)Steve Borkowski566-2000
1	After 10 years of being a customer here and paying top dollar for service and labor, I am no longer coming here for any service or even to purchase a Toyota ever again.The charged me once for an air filter & I caught it before I left. I was mad so they gave me a free future oil change.The kicker for me was this:   My older 4Runner was in an accident so I purchased an older Lexus but was taking it here for oil changes instead of Lexus where they charge double.I guess Findlay got tired of doing this and they told me from now on it was going to cost me $60. For an OIL CHANGE. Not Synthetic oil or anything. Goodbye Findlay ..Enjoy less customers.
5	I had been driving my 2001 Corolla for forever and I was in desperate need of a new car. I went in to Findlay Toyota one day with absolutely no intention of buying a car. i just wanted to test drive to get an idea of what I wanted. It's important to note that I was SO not looking forward to the car buying experience. I was nervous and honestly didn't want to deal with any of the salespeople outside. Luckily, we went right into Rick G.'s office, who was so awesome and set me up with Mike H., the internet sales manager,  to take me out test driving cars. Mike was really really cool and I immediately felt comfortable with him. I told them I wasn't really interested in another Toyota, and instead of hassling me, they sent me over to Volkswagon to find something I wanted. I found a great Jetta so we drove it back to Toyota to talk to Rick. While I was looking at Jetta's, he had found a 2010 Audi A4 that had JUST been traded in over at the Acura dealer. Rick figured that since I thought I wanted a Jetta, I'd obviously want an Audi! (Talk about someone who listens to their customers!) Long story short, I fell in love with the A4, but kept test driving a few more to make sure I really wanted it. I was expecting a lot of nonsense haggling and pressure, but there was absolutely none of that...ever! Mike and Rick were extremely courteous and professional at all times! In fact, it almost seemed like Mike was having as much fun as I was! At no point was he pushy or arrogant. Like I said, I initially had no intention of buying a car on that day, but after working with Mike all day, I WANTED to buy a car from him. Even if I wasn't going to buy a car from him that day, I was going to buy a car from him another day.Eventually, I drove home with a car that I never knew I could love so much! I can't say enough about how great my experience with Rick and Mike was and how much I absolutely LOVE the A4 they found for me! Mike even followed up with me a few times after I bought the car to see how everything was going! I loved that and think it's awesome that he knows that I left happy, but that a few weeks later, he made sure I was STILL happy! I would absolutely recommend Findlay Toyota to anyone who is looking for a new car. I had heard only negative things about buying a car, but I can honestly say, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience and now, I have a positive perspective because I know if I ever need another car, I've got two people at Toyota that will take care of everything I need!
4	I used to take my car anywhere cheap for oil changes, then I had to pay $6k last year to replace the engine on my 4 yr old car supposedly thanks to some effen moron overfilling the oil. Expensive lesson learned, I now only take my car to the dealership since they'll theoretically honor the warranty if they somehow eff up too. Yes dealerships charge more, but at least for me, it's worth paying for quality service and just peace of mind after my last experience. They don't take service reservations over the phone, so I was expecting a wait, but I was helped right away on a Saturday afternoon. Raul the service consultant was extremely nice and helpful. Took about an hour for an oil change, tire rotation, and whatever else they usually do. They ran diagnostics on my brakes, and didn't give me the usual BS about how my brakes are about to go out and I may die if I don't spend $500 to change them right now. He said front is fine, back probably should be changed next time in November. Once you have a service consultant I guess they can schedule appointments for you, so yay for next time. I didn't see free beverages like dealerships usually have, it looked like a pay snack bar. But free wifi at least. Oh and free external car wash too
5	first off this was my first dealership purchase and i was looking for a used car in my price range and my first time here wasn't so good they tried to lease me a brand new car when I couldn't afford it and they told me I wasn't going to find a used car in my price range and that I was wasting my time... So I went in a week later and spoke to josh (Brillo) smith and he lined up 5 cars in my price range and he showed me every car, the car I chose also has a  bumper to bumper warranty, josh showed me just how a dealership experience should be and I urge anyone looking for a used car to get into contact with josh I won't regret it that's for sure! Thanx josh and Toyota
5	I have purchased cars many times, but nothing can come close to the positive experience I had at Findlay Toyota of Henderson most recently. First of, let me start by saying that I did my homework and carried out comprehensive research that included fieldwork and many visits to Honda, Volkswagen, and Nissan. I must emphasize that professionalism, friendliness, seriousness, and the kind of promotions and deals available were an important part of my decision-making process, besides the superior quality and specs of the car I ended up buying! I would most certainly recommend people to stay away from Honda across the Las Vegas Valley, as they are consistently and universally rude and unprofessional and treat one badly! Although I had initially liked the new Honda Accord, they made sure that I didn't buy it! The funny thing is that I had had the same negative experience at every Honda dealership back in 2007 when I purchased one of my previous cars! So, I will give it to them! They are pretty consistently awful!As to Toyota, I had turned to them back in 2007, and then in 2011 when I purchased used cars. They were friendly and professional back then, they were extremely professional, friendly, and courteous now! That is, I guess, why I keep buying my cars from them. They provided me with the specific information I requested, didn't overwhelm, pressure, or harass me. Gave me space so that I could think and form a decision. And finally, gave me an unbelievably good deal! They were very helpful.Here is the deal they gave me:- couple of grands off of the MSRP,- free protection package that included door guards- free window tinting- five year, NO INTEREST loan through Toyota financing- free full tank - free season pass for the Wet'n'Wild water park!-a free and brand new loaner for the day they had to take care of my new car's window tinting etc.I specifically would like to acknowledge JACOB HENN, the finance manager, and RAFAT ABUZAID, car salesperson, for making my car purchase effortless, truly enjoyable, and fun. Make sure that you work with Jacob and Rafat. They make you feel like they are your long-term friends or family...I highly recommend Findlay Toyota for your used or new car purchase!
2	First dealer experience and I was sold a toyota tacoma that was certified with no proof and a fake car fax report when the vehicle had clearly been in some kind of front end damage.  Also it had a broken driver window switch that was supposed to be replaced as GUARANTEED and stool this day hasn't been repaired.They think you have a week to leave a car there for repair when you just bought it "certified" lol. What a joke!Damn check engine light came on after two years causing me smog headaches. Point, I doubt they do anything at all to do much other that put this certified sticker on your car to charge you more money like car max.
5	This is the best Toyota dealership in town. If you are looking to buy, call Gay. She is AMAZING!! I will never buy a car from anyone else. We have purchased many cars from her and she always gives us great deals. We love Toyota and have never bee disappointed with any of our vehicles. They are so reliable and they offer great service here. If you make an appointment, it is much better and you won't have to wait as long.But it is a Toyota , and as long as you do regular required maintenance you should never have a problem and need major service. I highly recommend this dealership and Gay. You will love her and never buy a car anywhere else.
1	Two hours for an oil change??? I asked to get an appraisal of my SUV to possibly trade it in, that never happened. Then they tell me my vehicle needs over $600.00 worth of maintenance; I think not.
1	I took my car into the dealership to get the first oil change (new FR-S I bought in February). I also mentioned that the air pressure light would randomly come on but it was no longer on and the tire pressure was fine in all of the tires. The service staff member carefully looked at all of the tires and also stated they look fine, no noticeable issues with pressure, and he did not see any nails. He said they would change the oil and look at the tire pressure light issue.About 45 minutes later he approached me in the waiting area stating that there was a nail in my tire and that they took it out and tried to fix it but then they realized it was a little close to the wall of the tire and they could not repair it so I needed to purchase a new tire. Then he handed me an invoice for almost $300 for one new tire. I explained to him that I did not authorize anyone to take the nail out of the tire and asked him why they would do that without first consulting me? I did not authorize such work in the service agreement I signed. I have never had a situation where a service shop would do something like that without my consent. I explained to him that Findlay's actions were not authorized and that I am now being forced to purchase a new tire which sounds a little like a scam to me. His response was that if I didn't purchase a new tire they could put the spare on for me and send on my way. I asked if the spare was a true spare or a donut and he said he would go check.About 30 minutes later he came back and guess what.....all of a sudden the story changed. Seems the service guy did NOT take the nail out after all and he is just going to pump the tire up and put it back on the car. Without even getting into how much of a SCAM this is, I told him the tire was not flat, or even low, when I brought it in so I don't understand why the guy had to "pump it up". He had no answer for me.  I fully believe this was a scam to lead me to believe that I HAD to buy a new tire. Had I not questioned the actions of the service and blindly took them at their word that the nail was removed, they tried to fix it but after it was out they couldn't, I would have been forced to spend $300 on a new tire for THEIR unauthorized work. To further my belief that this I a total scam, only after I refused to blindly pay $300 and questioned their actions did it come out that in fact they had NOT done the work they originally claimed to have done.I don't know if it was because I was a single female and they thought they had a sucker on the line, or if this is status quo for Findlay but either way it is so wrong.I got my car and I left.  At that moment they lost me as customer and forever lost my recommendation.
5	It may be due to the right time. But I purchased a Toyota Corolla 2013 just last week. The sales rep I dealt with were two gentlemen named Carlos & JP. They were great. Not pushy and gave me space to make the right decision for myself.I did all my research in buying a car and was ready to bargain. They were able to sell me the car below MRSP and for the price I wanted to pay. No haggling and it was one of the best experiences I had purchasing a 'big ticket item.'  Not only were they great expediting paperwork and car under 2 hours.  The follow up has been great ever since.If you want to get a new Toyota, I would go to the Findlay Toyota in Henderson first and get a good deal and work with Sales Reps like Carlos and JP that want you to have the very best car for you and your family.
5	So far, absolutely fantastic experience from start to present time.  Brand new car, thanks to Izzy, the Internet SalesWonder.   No pressure - just a lot of information to help me narrow down my search and find my dream car.  He spent the time that I needed and indulged my zillion questions and requests.  Now that I have the car, I had a question about the air conditioner.  I didn't think it was working correctly, so upon taking it to the service center, I was greeted by smiles and offers of cold water by 3 people before I even got out of my car!  Richard R, my service guy tested the a/c in the service bay, then said they'd look at it somewhere else.  I was offered a ride to wherever I wanted to go, again offered a cold bottle of water, and said they'd call me when they were finished. Turns out, the a/c is running fine.  My car was washed, my issues addressed and I was on my way.  Kudos to all of this Findlay operation.  I have nothing even close to negative to say.
5	Bought a Prius from Tai and Gilberto last month - both my wife and I were very impressed with how relaxed the entire process was: it was polite, efficient and low-pressure. We ended up getting a very good price after cross-shopping with 2 other dealers in the area, and they gave me a very good price for my trade-in as well. I like how I was treated throughout the process, and recommend Tai and Gilberto to anyone who are interested in getting a Toyota - they seem like good, honest folks.
3	The only person who is worth a star, is a sales person Michael Walker. He is very knowledgeable , nice and well mannered. I cant say anything about his manager, can't remember the guys name, he was skinny, early bold and with goatee beard. Being a manager, I would expect some manners and intelligence. I brought cash to get a new car, and he wouldn't listen to what I really want. He was  only talking to my friend(guy) , when I am the one who signs a check;) . After all he told me to go to Honda, and I did) Paid mostly the same, got what I need and a good service.Thank u for advice. Feel sorry for their sales people , cause he was super nice.
5	I went for my 20,000 mile maintenance and the lady told me it would take a few hours. well I was surprised when Cathy Solorzano called my name and said your vehicle is ready, we did an oil change and washed the car. Wow!!! Thank you!!! I was out in 1 hour!! Cathy Solorzano is awesome!!
5	The service here is phenomenal! I came in via referral from someone who recently bought a car from here,  and all the great things she said about the place was an under statement.  The guys in finance really work hard to make sure that every deal that is made,  is in your favor.  That's a hard thing to come by in the sales world.
5	I had an amazing experience at Findlay Toyota, though I did not leave with a car, I was "pre-looking", not sure what I wanted. Gay, the customer service manager and Darryl were very patient with me. I went through several test drives and several different financing options. In the end, I decided to wait a few more months to get my "dream car" but the experience was TOP-NOTCH. John Barr even took time out to talk to me and believe me, he is one great conversationalist!I plan on returning within the next few months to make my final decision and will recommend the dealership to my friends and family. I have lived in Las Vegas for 20+ years and know A LOT of people, I don't recommend on a whim.Car-buying has come a long way and the customer service offered at Findlay is the best I have come across in a very LONG time!!!
1	Horrible service. When you tell me your going to call me back in 10 minutes dont take 200 minutes. And im not just speaking about sales,this also happened with a manager.If I were the owner I would get rid of all of them,shameful service. I decided to go back to lexus.More expensive but I just cant stand the "sellomillionpeople" mentality at toyota. As a side note the first time i showed up at toyota they have their salespeople standing outside waiting to ambush you the second you get out of your car.1.its amatuer hour to do that. 2. It was probably about 25 degrees outside with windchill and they make them stand outside for that? seriously thats employee abuse,shame on the dealership. no wonder your turn over is higher then pop in fresh. If my manager told me to do that i would tell him to take that low paying job and shove it. Anyways the boys over at lexus wanted me to thank you for being so inept at your job they appreciate the business.
3	Disappointed for a coguple of reasons. I called very early in the morning to see if I could get a service appointment the same morning and all they had was late afternoon. My service engine light came on so I figured I'd give it a shot and drop in. They did get me in right away. Turns out the light came on to advise me I needed my 60k mile service, which is $400! The advisor tried to get me to do an oil change but I wasn't due until February. This was a wasted trip and felt like they were trying to scam me. I was disappointed since all my other visits here were so much better.
1	Just AWFUL!!!I had an appointment for 1 pm and arrived 30 minutes early for a major service, alignment, balance and brakes.  I had driven 100 miles from Kingman, AZ because there was no closer dealership. I explained this and the fact that I have difficulty seeing to drive at night. I was assured that i would have the car back in time.First of all, there were no functioning restrooms in the building. No running water. No signage to indicate this. People continued to use the facilities and the stench was awful. Oddly, despite the lack of running water, their "cafe" continued serving food... YUCK.At 2:30 pm, I was informed that the service would be delayed and the car " might" be ready at around 6 pm. Apparently no one was available for the balance and alignment. They hadn't even started the rest of the service! Needless to say, i asked for my car back figuring i would take my chances with a local place in Kingman. I also asked to speak with a manager. Td him the story, told him I wanted my car back immediately. He made a couple of calls, found a tech to do the work with the exception of brakes and the alignment and I would have the car back by 4 pm.At 345pm the car was "done" but I was informed that it needed a water pump and they could do it in the morning. That did it for me. I insisted they bring me my vehicle immediately...  Had they started the work on time, they would have found this issue early enough for me to make arrangements to find care for my Mom in Kingman for the night.I made one call to TNT car repair in Kingman, arranged for the water pump and had the work done there.I will NEVER go back to Findlay for anything, EVER.St
5	Came in a few weeks ago and left with a brand new Corolla LE Eco! we had amazing service and great help from their financing department. They offer great deals on service and maintenance and I couldn't be happier!
3	I want to first say that this review is 5 stars for the sales team.  I purchased 2 vehicles from Robert Anderson within a year. He is a great salesman and will do what he can to make a deal. He BS's little and is to the point with dealing, which is what I like. Financing is ONE star. I have awesome credit and did not have a hard time at all getting financing. The financing person was extremely rude and almost ruined the deal. He was so obnoxious and insulted my family ( he was Hispanic and my family is Asian, he made some remarks about how Asian people are cheap and stingy, because I did not want to buy an extended warranty). Just because of the treatment I got I have now traded in both of my vehicles ( a Rav4 and 4runner) and purchased a $101000 between 2 new vehicles at another brand in the valley auto mall.Service is ONE star. I love Toyota Vehicles, and have had very few problems, infact I only had one problem which I consider a warranty problem. The service dept wanted money upfront for a warranty repair and told me to submit it to Toyota corporate, which they (Corp) agreed it was a warranty repair and mailed a check, but why did I have to go submit a claim when that it  service job. Also just to get an oil change done is an all day affair. Consider this as you will waste a whole day off.Toyota is a great product, and the sales team here is nice and fair. Before you buy if this is the dealer you will be financing and servicing from, please be prepared to be miss treated after the purchase.
5	It's good that they give you free beverages while you wait for your car to be serviced.
3	Took my 4Runner in with the "check engine light" on. They ran a diagnostic test ($100) and said it was the catalytic converter and that it'd cost $2000 to fix. My car being 10 years old, it doesn't have a warranty. And I don't have $2000. Took it to my husband's friend's shop (which I should've done in the first place). He ran a diagnostic test (no charge) and came to the conclusion that it just needed spark plugs, oil change and new air filter. Cost me all of $340. So unless you have a warranty or like to spend crazy money on wrong repairs, take your Toyota somewhere else. I gave it 3 stars because the people were super nice and the facility is beautiful and comfortable.
1	Ripoff! Never coming back. I made an appointment for an oil change and they tried to charge me $210. Then they marked my front bumper as having damage where there is none! I'd give 0 stars if I could. I'll drive to another state if I have to.
2	Came in to grab a quote on a lease. Let me just say the car salesman are out in the guest parking lot like hawks just waiting. A little too scary if you ask me. James came towards us and we introduced ourselves.  Fill out the necessary paperwork and waited for our quote.  He was extremely helpful.By the time we got our quote we were thinking about it. We weren't hooked but we were curious for sure. Grabbed his name and number and as soon as we were about to leave an older gentleman came to us and introduced himself.I forget his name but he started throwing our numbers and such, like any salesman. My husband responded what he would like our patent to be and all of a sudden, "so you don't care whey car you have just as long as you have that payment." He said this while staring at my husband and me, who is heavily tattooed, and both us equally tired from working 20 something odd days straight. James looked mortified and was waiting obviously for my husband's backlash. He just said we would think about it and left. After James ran out to the parking lot to apologize, which he didn't have to because it wasn't his fault, we left for honda instead. Toyota lost a sale, honda gained one, and I'll get that mans name because it was just beyond rude how he looked and judged us based on our look. We had down payment in hand,... And were pretty set on a scion.  Fuck you!
5	I purchased a Scion here a few months ago and the sales staff was friendly, attentive, and easy to work with. Every staff member was on the same page and delivered a wonderful experience.I highly recommend anyone to visit this dealership to purchase their next vehicle. Carlos and Kevin are great guys to work with!
4	Ok, so like I said with my check in. As son as you park you get all these sales people just clamoring at you before you get out your vehicle. But we were there to buy a car and new what we wanted. So we pointed at the car, test drove and bought all in a 1.5 hours. Mind you this was 730pm and didnt want to wait. We left car at dealership to be inspected and detailed, so we can pick up the next day. Here's where my "OCD" and selfishness kicked in. We purchased a Camry X LE, it was nice and I was sold. Again trying to be practical and not buying a 7 series BMW. We went to pick up the Camry in the morning and then I looked at the Avalon Limited. Well it was bigger, had all the doodads that a luxury vehicle offered and it just felt much nicer. Needless to say my manfriend aka husband looked at me with that "are you f#!*#&* kidding me?" look. He resigned all the paperwork and we drove off with the Avalon within 30 min. We saved so $$$ on a nice car and it still feels like  a luxury vehicle. My man friend didn't leave the dealership crying this time. I thought it was the best compromise ever!
5	So to start I will say that this is the second time I have purchased a vehicle from Findlay Toyota and also the second time I have purchased a vehicle from Jamie N. in the internet sales department. Jamie is great he streamlined the whole process beginning to end and made the whole experience great.We purchased a 2014 Corolla S. It is a truly great redesign of the corolla model line from previous years.If you are in the market for a great car and don't want to deal with high pressure sales then you need to make an appointment to see Jamie N in the internet sales dept. We have purchased 2 cars from him with no regrets he is awesome!
5	Great Place!! I went on the internet and did a live chat with Chandler and the same day got the exact 4runner we were looking for!! Earlier that day we went to Dave Wilson's Toyota and walked out because the Salesman was telling us to call in sick to work to make a deal on a car they didn't even have in stock, and was trying to sell us on a Red 4Runner when we were looking for white.. Stick with Findlay, I will be back to buy my next Toyota there!!
5	One name - Mark Anderson. This guy has to be the most knowledgeable, patient and hard working person I have ever met when it comes to Toyota. Mark not only educated us on leasing vs buying, but worked with his manager to provide us compensation and deposit flexibility for a trade in that we were unable to reclaim from a CarMax transaction that went horribly wrong. Shake this guy's hand if you ever see him!I will be working with Mark Anderson at Findlay Toyota from now on.
5	I had a great experience here at Toyota. Jayson Wells and Kody G helped me. I went on the last day of the month, they got me in a car within 3 hours. I ended up getting something I didn't even think I could afford and am still so happy I got it. I will definitely only be coming here from now on for all of my vehicles, just like the rest of my family. We refuse to go to Toyota dealership closer to our house because we've always had great experiences at this location.
2	My husband is always impeccable with the maintenance on his vehicle.  It was that time of year again for the oil change.  He doesn't put many miles on it annually which is why we don't need maintenance often.  We have been here before for the oil change without any issues.  With the mileage getting up there, they suggested a few more other fluid changes.  To keep the truck running perfectly we thought it was a good idea since it was due.  We picked up the vehicle when it was done and just drove home.  The next morning the vehicle had a shutter and shake.  This was not good- especially since there has never been any problems before.  I was just glad we didn't plan a long road trip after this.  The mechanic went for a drive with us to see if we could repeat the problem.  He suggested maybe they used the wrong balance of fluids.  Um ok - aren't you supposed to be professionals? So we left it there again but overnight this time.  Since getting the truck back it's been fine.  I just don't think there should have been any issues from a routine maintenance in the first place.  Getting service from a dealership is never cheap.  It's very inconvenient to have to make additional trips.  I'd be cautious bringing your vehicle to this location.
5	Bought a new car Saturday, was in out and happy in about two hours and my car is amazing! They were very quick to make sure I got the color and make I wanted, and the parts department made sure my extras were there( sun visor, dash cover, dog cover). Brought my last 2 cars here for almost all their maintenance and was always done efficiently and never tried to add extra work that wasn't necessary. Will continue to keep coming back!
4	When you roll in for service, be sure to ask for Ryan Rabdau, one of the Service Consultants in a red shirt. He was friendly and very professional, giving me unsolicited updates about the status of my car which was in the service bay. I appreciated knowing what was going on, since I ended up waiting for 2 hours for its completion.
5	Can't think of enough positive things to say about our experience here!!! See Kenn "Beautiful" Walker and Rob Martin for anything you need. They kept it comfortable, not pushy, and even cracked a "that's what she said" joke. Thank you guys for an amazing car buying experience!!!!
1	Sales is a joke.If there is one thing I hate most, it is liars. Lost a sale but oh well...Ended up purchasing from BMW of Las Vegas.  Thank you BMW of Las Vegas for not BULLSHITTING.
5	I needed my front brakes fixed really bad. I drove in around 2:00 without an appointment and threw it out there that I needed to leave by 4:15 at the latest. They said it would be plenty of time, and that I didn't need to come back a different day. I didn't catch the names of the dudes that helped in the beginning, but everyone rocks at this dealer. Cathy Solorzano is by far the best service advisor I have ever worked with. I have lived in many states, and always used a Toyota dealer for my service, over private companies. I trust that she won't screw me over. I know if I go in for a routine maintenance, that she won't tell me that there is a unicorn in my engine and at a certain mileage that I should re paint, and change out the seats. She knew it was getting close to 4:15 and put a rush on them getting my car to me. Her persistence was very much appreciated. I made it to work on time, and the strip doesn't hear my car stop from a mile away! It is just nice to see someone care, and not just give a price and have a "take it or leave it" attitude, which is what I have normally dealt with in other dealers.
5	Purchased a 2015 Avalon Hybrid.  Got an incredible deal.  These guy's make it comfortable with purchasing.  If you have not purchased many new cars, here is some useful tips. . I have purchased many. 1. Know exactly what you can afford. 2. Know the condition of your credit. 3. Know exactly what vehicle you want within your budget. 4. Have a lower level and higher level choice ready. 5. Go on line and use USAA auto program. 6. Print out the certificate for all the level of choices. 7. Use carmax for your trade estimate, if you have one. . . . This will help your negotiations with your trade or sell to carmax if this is the best offer.  This is my way, since I don't like private sales. 8.  USAA pricing is usually as low as you can get.  9.  Be patient and have willingness to work on it for several days, if needed. 10.  TRY TO Use these guy's as good people are hard to find and any of these guys are easier to deal with. Rick Glenn, Steve Borkowski, and Carlos Aldenese .  They will do a good job trying to make it work,  but you better have done your home work, they are there to make money and you are there to save money. . I believe that you will find them in the front line for your business. . . Have fun with it and don't be a jerk, if that is your style, as this will not serve you well if you don't have the power of cash. .
5	When you roll in for purchase a vehicle, be sure to ask for Michael Wilson and Rolo, two of the Sales Consultants . They were friendly, very motivate to work with you on the purchase price, and very professional.  I purchased a 2015 Toyota Sienna from them and got an incredible deal.  They streamlined the whole process beginning to end and made the whole experience great.
5	You really can't get as big of a selection of vehicles at any other dealership in town.  We worked with Robert Anderson (the internet sales manager) and we received exceptional service.  He is the tell it like it is type of person, which works well with me since that is how I prefer to roll as well.  Also, if you're a guy and want to talk to a fellow football fanatic, he's your guy.He showed us all the cars they had in stock and even took us to the back lot to search for any that had come in recently.  Unfortunately, they did not have the color/model in the Highlander I wanted.  So he looked up the incoming inventory and we put a hold on the model and color we wanted.  He kept us updated on when the car was to arrive even during the busy holiday season.  My husband ended up doing most of the paperwork with Robert and he felt he received exceptional service.  My husband was going back and forth with me via text in regards to options and details, to the point that his phone started to die.  Robert was kind enough to go up to his office, retrieve a charging cable for my husband, so we could continue communicating. The finance office was nice enough, but unfortunately they just can't compete with auto loans through credit unions.  Definitely would purchase a car from Findlay again.  It also doesn't hurt that they have a nice size cafe in the dealership as well.
5	Just bought my first Toyota Tundra at this dealership. I had a wonderful experience working with Mike Wilson. He was very honest with me and upfront about everything. Nothing shady like most car dealerships these days. Mike really went out of his way to help me out and I will certainly be buying another car from him in the future. If your looking for a new car, ask for Mike Wilson. He will take care of you.- DB
