5	A serious favorite.They have the best wings I've ever had, and plenty of other good food.  They have a variety of tasty sauces to choose from for your wings & the price is good.  They have discounts throughout the week ($1 wing buckets, $1 beers, etc)  Potato skins, fries - pretty much all complimentary items are tasty.  I've also been told that the chicken wraps, burgers and sandwiches are quite scrumptious.  I don't reccomend the salads though - why are you eating salad at a wing joint?  It's pretty high energy, with sports events on the tv, an interactive trivia game available to patrons via controller and television, and a variety of beer and other drinks to choose from.Verdict:  Great wings.  Great fun.  Great all around.  If you want wings and a casual, sports bar atmosphere - this is the ultimate.NOTE: As far as locations, I go to this one when we're on our way back from the race track, but otherwise the other location is closer.  Honestly, there is no real difference between the two. Pretty much the same size, same feel, same food.  Which, in my opinion, is a sign of greatness.
4	I've eaten at this place and I've gotten carryout. The carryout service can be a bit slow late on weekends. My only complaint, however, is that sometimes they don't put enough barbecue sauce on the wings -it's like they are careless about dipping the wings in the sauce and half the wings may have nothing on them.  I've taken to asking them for extra sauce on the side (even though it's always lukewarm), but sometimes they'll screw up the order and give me sauce on the side but none on the wings!  Egads.  I eat a mostly vegetarian diet these days but if I wanted wings, I'd still come back here. I'd just check the order before leaving! ;-) OH- I should add that they have a TV-based series of trivia games that patrons can play from their tables using these electronic units.  Some people are pretty addicted to these games; there are different ones on different days of the week, and all of the BWW restaurants across the country are ranked live on the screen.  It's kinda fun, if you like that.
3	Sometimes the wings are bad, sometimes they're just delicious.  So I don't know what to make of it except to give a mediocre rating.  It's fun sometimes drinking here except on big game days where it's just ridiculously crowded, and service stinks on these days.  The days with the specials are the days to definitely go.  I've just had up and down days from this place.
4	This weekend we were in Vegas so we hit up Buffalo Wild Wings.  It worked out perfectly because we had planned on taking a trip up to Temecula to taste these highly talked about wings.  Some friends of ours are from the Northeast and say that in college they lived off these suckers.We went out on Saturday night and so we were killed on Sunday morning.  I didn't feel much like getting off the couch, but we HAD to.  The thought of not going in Vegas and having to drive to Temecula motivated me to go.  When we got there we were sat quickly which was nice considering the state I was in, standing for too long may have caused me to pass out from my headache and weak knees.  I was able to convince my husband to order Medium this time, I was in no condition to deal with the pain from sauce any hotter than that.  Our friend ordered the spicy garlic sauce.  If you haven't been here before, know that there are lots of sauces to choose from for your wings or boneless wings.  I also ordered the fish sandwich and a basket of fries smothered in cheese for the table.  When the wings came out they didn't look as good as all the others we've tried.  The sauce was very orange and the wings were a bit on the small side.  The taste however made up for the appearance...like that saying "things aren't always as they appear."  The wings were yummy, so good in fact that at the moment we thought that they had surpassed the Moondoggies wings in San Diego.  After eating all the wings, the general consensus was that Moondoggies were better but these are a close second.  Their Blue Cheese dressing was good too, but not as good as the Moondoggies dressing.  The fries were awesome though, the best fries we've had during Wing-tober.  The fish sandwich was just ok, there was a lot of fish and it was fried to crisp perfection.  I think I just needed more tartar sauce.  We also got a basket of mini corn dogs "on the house."  Those were just ok also.  They were super crispy on the outside, but you could hardly taste the hot dog inside, needless to say, we didn't finish the basket.  The server was very nice and attentive to us, which is always a plus.
4	I ate here about a year ago and remembered that the food was just ok.  I previously ordered the popcorn shrimp and the wedge potatoes and like I said before, it was just ok.Well, today, my co-worker was raving about the boneless wings and the sauce and I decided to give it another try.  I ordered the boneless wings with honey bbq sauce and onion rings. Both were delicious.  I would recommend ordering ahead, since I waited 20 minutes for my food.  At least you know that its made to order and not sitting under a heat lamp somewhere.
2	There is almost no reason to go to BWW unless you're jonesing to play NTN trivia.  I used to be a regular here, sometimes coming as often as 3-4 times a week, and I one of their first customers on the day of their grand opening.  But better competition has moved into the Eastern Avenue market and BWW refuses to adapt.  The drinks are cheaper at Inn Zone down the street.  The food is better at Stadium Grille across the street.  The gambling comps are better at Doc Holiday's which has two locations in the area.  Every time I come in one of the four big TV's doesn't work.  And what kind of place doesn't serve you fries with your burger?  You have to order fries separately.  I still stop here periodically (usually when I want to play trivia) but to be honest, there are now better choices in the area.
3	Typical BW3's. Noisy, typical sports bar atmosphere. 40 year old guys with baseball caps on backwards, shades hanging off the back of their Vikings jerseys, yelling at the jerk who just dropped an easy pass because, you know, if he was playing he could have done much better... bahgood wings (get them extra crispy) service was good. I've never really had slow service at the bar area, the sit down area though i think is quite a bit slower. Our waitress was nice and talked with us for a bit.I've always like the BW3's in Centennial Hills better though, not sure why....
3	The wings were good.  the choice of sauces is a nice change of pace from say Hooter's.  It seems like a nice place to watch the game, whichever game that might.  They're also open 24 hours, why I don't know, but this is Vegas, and everyone loves where they can drink, smoke and play video poker..
1	I like buffalo wild wings but this place was not good either of the two times I was there.  My girlfriend lived in this area and she joneses for BWW more than I do so this was the one nearby.  It is busier than the one I go to so for that atmosphere it is good for a good time but the food and service was horrible.  The wings were cold when they came out and I order cajun style buffalo chips which came out with no seasoning and it took me to ask the waitress 2 times for her to bring it.  Then she brought a pinch more than a pinch of seasoning.  We were there for over an hour and it was like trying to pull teeth to get another beer.  The waitress was chatting up a table 2 down from us but didn't seem to care that she had other tables.  I wish I remembered her name.  The table next to us was chatting with us on how horrible she was.  This is the first time in years that I remember wanting to not leave a tip at all.  My girlfriend made sure we didn't and left her a note as well.  I mean two beers in over an hour at a bar I could get more than that at church and probably better food.
3	For the food they have to get 5 stars because I do love the wings.For the gambling they get 1 star.  They have terrible comps.  You have to be playing max coins to get a free beer.  I guess that explains why whenever I go there no one is gambling.    Too much corporate culture there.  Will go somewhere else.
4	just got to try this out while my brothers and i were looking for a place close by our rental home to watch game 3 of the nba finals.we only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table (original estimate was 30min- 1 hour because of the stanley cup and nba finals) and our waitress rosalie was very kind in changing some of the televisions in our area to the game. from where we were sitting a giant wall was blocking the projection screen and my 5'0 stature is a bit short of several inches to even attempt to look over. we ordered only 36 wings for the 3 of us because we still had dinner with the rest of the family to go to. the 4 flavors consisted of parmesan garlic, asian zing, spicy garlic, and mango habanero. i dont really have a stomach for alot of really spicy foods and didn't try the mango habanero however my brothers were disappointed that the spicy garic had more kick than it. according to them the mango habanero had some kick but was more sweet than anything. the parmesan garlic kept reminding us of garlic bread but overall the asian zing with its sweet sort of teriyaki flavoring with a hint of zing was my favorite of the four. it was my first time there at a buffalo wild wings and i know they have some in southern california so maybe if i ever stop by again i'll try another round of their many flavors but for now its asian zing all the way
3	Wings and booze, need I say more? Oh and it's a great place to watch sports to but your butt may get sore from sitting in their flat wooden booths after awhile. Maybe drink more?
3	This Buffalo's has a very neighborhood feel to it, however, it lacks the size and service qualities that have served me well at various Buffalo's in town.  The wings are always decent and the drinks are usually well put together.  This location is hit or miss depending on the time of day and the amount of people inside.
4	I love BWW. (see review under the galleria mall ring circle location) however upon going to this location the service was just weird. We had just gotten our appetizer, minutes later got our wings. Literally minutes later about 3 min. - she came by and asked us how everything was (typical, ok..) and then gives us the check.??? wtf??? are you serious? I havent even tried the wing yet, im still eating the appetizer you know we ordered.  And you're already asking me for the plastic?? Kinda pissed me off. Then we rationalized she must be leaving. Nope.  I'd never go back to this location. But they get 4 stars for good food.
3	I do enjoy their .45 cent wing Tuesdays and their easy convenient to-go area, but otherwise his place is pretty low on the chicken wing food chain! *Chicken wings taste as they've been fried ahead of time and sitting around in a warming drawer. Explains why they are chewy, tough, and dry. *Wings are TINY. Somehow they find the tiniest chickens on earth.I do love their new dry rubs - in particular the salt & vinegar. Despite this, I prefer sticking to Mom and Pop type places with bigger wings at a lower price. Hard to justify giving your money to a chain with so many better options in this city!
4	Good food! Good service! I had a burger and a salad and my husband had the two hottest sauces put on his wings and loved it! Four stars as opposed to five only because we were there at an off time and the place was not busy or crowded but our food took forever to come out. However, once it came it was worth the wait! Husband liked the TVs all over the place.  Don't go here with spouse/significant other if you are hoping to have conversation (ha-ha). We will be going back again!
4	Great array of sauces for wing lovers, like myself...  The service was good but the food was better!  The type of wings ordered were Caribbean jerk, honey BBQ, spicy garlic, and Asian zing.  My favorites were Spicy Garlic and Caribbean jerk.  The mini corn-dogs are a hit with children, as my daughter ate the whole order by herself!  I ordered a Malibu Bay Breeze, which I had to explain to the server that it was a cocktail and the drink itself could use some more Malibu.  Overall, great place to have your beer, wings and big screens to watch sports!  :)
2	Went here for drinks on a Saturday night and the place was not extremely busy but for some reason it was like pulling teeth to have my beer filled.  Maybe the bartenders were having an off night but after 5 minutes of the bartenders walking by i had to flag them down for a cocktail.  We ordered 12 of the boneless wings that came out extremely quickly...maybe 2 quickly.  The chicken totaly dry, the sauce didn't even seem present.  Perhaps said chicken had been from a previous order or cooked before ordered. If you're just looking for a place to watch a game and do not care about service, food, and drinks this would be a great choice as they did have many games on.
3	My cousins, their friend, and I went here for a late dinner around 9pm on New Years Eve. We were expecting it to be crowded, but it was empty, which was good for us because we were hungry and didn't want to have to wait too long for our food to come out (as I'd experienced other times when the restaurant was busy).  Anyways, we ordered Mini Corn Dogs, 8 Boneless Wings with Asian Zing sauce, and 24 Traditional Wings with half covered in Medium sauce and the other half covered in Asian Zing sauce. Here is a breakdown of the food we ordered:Mini Corn Dogs- Yummy. The cornbread coating was crunchy yet soft on the inside while the hotdog was hot. The accompanying spicy mustard sauce was good too. My cousin noticed that the recipe changed, saying that the new recipe was better as the cornbread coating was less doughy than before. Boneless Wings- More meat than Traditional Wings, but a little more expensive. I enjoyed the crispy coating and the moist white meat inside, but I did find the coating a little too salty.  Traditional Wings- Mini drumsticks and wings deep-fried to perfection. I found some of the wings to be too fatty, but at least the meat wasn't dried out or tough. I also preferred the drumsticks to the wings because there was more meat to eat. I am in love with the Asian Zing sauce. It's the perfect blend of spicy and sweet, and matches so well with the fried wings. The Medium sauce was too salty in my opinion. Celery- Yay for negative calories! I wish some of the celery pieces had been cleaned more thoroughly to remove the hard-to-remove dirt spots. Also, some of the pieces of celery didn't seem fresh as they weren't as crunchy as I like my celery to be. Overall, we had an enjoyable time at this Buffalo Wild Wings eating, talking, and watching sports on the big screen TVs. Usually it's too loud to have a decent conversation at Buffalo Wild Wings, but this night proved different.
3	If you've been to one Buffalo Wild WIngs you've been to them all, and this one was no different.  I tried to Queso Burger this time (I usually stick to wraps or their wings) and it was the messiest burger I have tried, good though.This is a great place to catch your favorite team play.  Prices are average, Tuesdays and Thursdays are the best days to go.  Tuesdays are 50 Cent Wings I believe and Thursdays are 50 Cent Boneless Wings.  50 Cents or half off, either way its a cheap place for wings on the two lovely days of the week.Wing Stop is still my favorite to go grab wings however (Lemon Pepper are the shiz-nit!).  We went about 6ish and parking was pretty hard to find.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!!Warning!It is dirty loud and the management do not have a clue how to run the place with providing great service. My husband and I went here to watch a nhl playoff game recently. We usually head to our watering hole Steiner's though decided to switch it up! Totally bad mistake. We sat in the bar and after about a 20 minute wait for our order of drinks we asked if they can change a tv to show our game . That took another 20 minutes. Then the unthinkable happened. We noticed a staff member getting off duty (still in uniform) getting a seat at the bar. She sat and chatted with a couple servers while we waited for our drinks and the game. then it happened! after chatting with a couple servers, one  of them went over to the tv programming area and turned up the NBA game so loud the whole bar was looking around . they left the volume at such a high volume everyone in the bar just spoke louder. It was sooo loud! We asked the supervisor to please turn it down and she said the manager requested it be this loud. then we asked if they could make an exception since there was 4 or more games on the big screens going on and who wants to hear this blaring volume! she shrugs and walks away. Then we decided to leave. We can celled our wing order and left. Then my husband asked to speak to the manager . Angie (the worst manager I have ever met) comes over and we explain (more like yell!) and express that there should be more staff in behind the bar and also to respect every ones ears and preferences of games they are watching in the bar.  - not just the manager who is off duty and sitting in a uniform in the bar! how unprofessional. she shrugs and says in a snarky voice " well, I am sending backup staff!" turns her back and walks over to the off uniformed duty staff that's watching the game in the bar rolling her eyes.  we are about the leave the restaurant and I grab the GM (Maggie's) business card. We ask the hostess to speak to her. She comes over, friendly and timid and apologizes for the lack of professionalism and horrible service. She then tells us she has only been on the job for 2 weeks and I can see why! Poor girl has a big job in front of her and I wish her the best with that staff . We will not come back and do not recommend this place at all!
5	I come here all the time so this review is long overdue....Great Food, Great Service, Great Staff!!!  The food here is always great.  The service at this location can take a little longer than one may hope but that's the choice you make when going to a sports bar during a major sporting event. (of course the food will take longer when the restaurant is full of fans)We sat at the bar and ordered our food.  I asked the bartender if she could change one of the screens to the hockey game.  She was very attentive and did it almost immediately.  She also continued to check on us to make sure we were happy with everything. Will continue to be a frequent patron at this location.BTW: Captain Morgan sauce is back!!!  It says for a limited time only so I hope to get my fix before its gone!
4	BW3 (as it used to be called) is a solid sports bar that I try to frequent maybe once a month or so.  It doesn't get five stars due to the fact that sometimes the bathrooms are a bit dirty and the prices are only average, not really a steal.One thing that I don't see mentioned in these reviews is their stance on smoking.  I only go to this one location but I hope ALL BW3 locations in the Vegas area are like this one on Eastern.  There is NO SMOKING!!!Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't an indoor non-smoking ordinance pass for Clark County??  Why then do I have to breath in dirty smoker's 2nd-hand smoke when visiting some of BW3's competitors......most notably PT's!?!?Kudos to Buffalo Wild Wings for enforcing the non-smoking rules, unlike those spineless idiot managers at PT's!!!  I'm slowly turning my friend's toward Buffalo Wild Wings even though they've been fans of PT's for years.  The bottom line is that as long BW3's does the right thing and keeps the place completely non-smoking, they have a customer in me!Also, I think for the summer, they have an all-you-can-eat lunch wing special that I would recommend trying out.  My friend and I did the boneless unlimited special last week and I was able to eat 24 boneless wings for what essentially was the price of approximately 14!!  After your initial order of 12, they bring them out 6 at a time so you can get everything fresh, try multiple flavors and don't accidentally over-order!  It worked out awesome and my drink was never empty either.The very first BW3 location was across the street from the Ohio State University, which was a favorite college hang-out for me.  Now that I've moved to Nevada, its nice to be able to keep going back to this place and, once again, enjoy good food in a 100% smoke-free environment!
2	The food is always the same. Naked tenders are super small and overpriced. Takes wayyyyyyyy to long to get your beers or drinks from the bar when you sit in the dining room. But the wings are better than hooters and don't have as many creeps in there so we always go back. Would be better rating but the fact it takes 20 minutes every time to get a beer annoys me. Go to the bar for your own drinks is a simple solution
5	This is my favorite wings place, but the service is top notch.  We always sit at the bar and they have the best bartenders in town.  They are always friendly, remember my wife and I, remember what we like to drink and even make fun of me because I order the same thing every time.
1	Just walked out of this place. Wait staff flat out refused to serve me. They were too busy arguing over whose turn it was to wait on customers and I stood there for 10 minutes at the host podeum while they argued. Then they all left and ignored the customers. This is what happens when you employ 21 year old blond bimbos to run your restaurant.
4	Great place to watch sports. The food is good and there are always drink specials. Last time we were there, we had a really great server, Christina. There is a lot of stimulation with all the TVs but that's why you go, right?
3	I am here to use the WiFi connection and hopefully to get some food.  The place is PACKED!  The football games are keeping the crowd in the store pumped up.  If you are looking for a quiet place to work this is NOT it...lol.I was seated at a table near the register so I get a lot of foot traffic of servers.  It will be interesting to see if they can keep my drink refilled.  When I sat down my table was dirty.  It took a bit before my server was able to come back to me.  When she did I pointed out the dirty table.  She apologized and cleaned it.  I started off with an order of a side salad without the onion and tomato with dressing on the side.  My order came out quickly.  The salad looks ok but not overly fresh.  The lettuce in the  salad is a bit wilted.  The server was nice and said she would be back in a bit to give me time to start my salad.  I opened my silverware.  The silverware here has changed since I was last here (a long time ago).  It is thin and very cheap.  The silverware also had water spots on them.  Not bad but not appealing either.  I ordered Boneless Asia Zing wings.  They were good but a bit dry.  There were places on the wings that were not covered with sauce.  I later ordered mozzarella sticks.  They were ok.  I personally like them cooked darker so the cheese is nice and melted.  There was also not enough marrina sauce.  The little cup they brought out was only half full so the last two sticks of mozzarella were dry.  My waitress on the other hand was very pleasant.  She kept my drink refilled and was attentive without being a pest.  The best kind of waitress!This is the first time I have every had my computer out writing a review as I was eating my meal.  The staff was nice in letting me plug my computer in but be warned.  There is internet access here but there are only one or two places where you could plug in your computer and work.  If you want to work I would suggest going North on Eastern and going to Starbucks.  Lots of plugs there and free internet but you will have to fight for a table.  The students from Touro Unviersity take that place over during the school year!
3	The food is standard compared to other Buffalo Wild Wings. The service is attentive enough for bar food, but overall this location is dirtier than others. Maybe it was just the fact that it was on a Sunday and they got hit with the football crowd, but there was trash all over the ground. One friend had not eaten dinner yet, so we stopped by to get her fed and two of us just snacked while watching the end of the game. An order of soft pretzels was piping hot and soft. The cheese sauce is nothing amazing, but you can ask for any of the wing sauces for dipping. The new Thai Curry Sauce is interesting. Good for a few, but cannot see getting a large quantity of it. It will not surpass my love of Mango Habanero, Caribbean Jerk, or Spicy Garlic. Our server, Rose, was nice and kept our drinks full at all times. She checked up on us regularly as well.
4	I have been to this BWW quite a bit. It's close to the high school I went to, so friends and I were always there. Every Thursday my friend and I used to go there to eat. We would order the wings we like to eat, then order a new flavor sauce. The only sauces we haven't tried are Thai Curry, Jammin Jalapeno and Spicy Garlic. Can't go wrong with sweet BBQ or teryaki. If you want a little kick and some sweet, order Asian Zing. If you want a big kick and sweet, order Mango Habanero. I like hot food, so I tried Blazin. My lips were sure blazin all right! But they were really good. I don't like paying .50 for ranch. I've been tempted to bring my own because I use so much.As far as service and cleanliness goes, they are always very attentive and the place is always clean. There was only 1 time when I wasn't too pleased with the service, but the waitress was new. Other than that, they have been cool. My friend usually picks songs from the jukebox and we sit there, eat and sing. Occasionally we will play the game that's on the screen or attempt to watch and understand the games on television. Game nights the place is packed. Get there early if you want a seat.
5	Great place to watch Sunday football, hang with family and friends and enjoy some good fattening foods.  The nachos were good as well as the wings.  I have not had anything bad here and Rachel our server two weeks in a row is an extremely hard worker and they should be very proud of her.  I have not seen anyone hussle and work as hard as this girl does on Sundays.  If you get her as your server make sure you tip her well because this young lady always makes sure you drink is full.
2	Wow, it was packed, I really don't see why this place is so popular!  Ohhh yea, football!I got the sampler platter, the nachos were ok, I'm glad I didn't just get the nachos!  The onion rings taste like onion rings, the fried cheese, like the onion rings, nothing to hoop and holler about.The spicy garlic is really spicy....and I like spicy, almost too spicy for me, I wasn't expecting that.  It was ok, but wayyyyyy over priced for what we got!  They won't be seeing me there anymore!
4	I eat here fairly often during baseball season. The happy hour is a good deal, $3 tall beers and $3 appetizers. The wings are pretty tasty, but not as great as the name makes them out to be. Plenty of TV's to watch the games on. Service is quick, I've never waited long for a refill. The chili con queso is by far the best happy hour deal they have. I would stay away from the corn dog nuggets and the onion rings aren't very filling for the price.
4	This one is way better than the one on Las Vegas Blvd.We spent a great comfortable late lunch there yesterday, and played trivia.Bring on the jammin jalapeno!
5	RJ is the shizzzznit!!!! Drinks are always prompt.... And delish!!! Bartender Joe is funny and entertaining!!!!  Always good service!!!
4	It not often drive too this side of town but every year come Match Madness tradition meet some friends we drink and watch games all day. IF UNLV is in the tournament this is THE PLACE too be! It amazes me the past two years many Rebel fans come out support not just watch but vocal too. Lots of flat screens all around the bar in different sizes so watch any game on great spot. The bar area not that big space so if its packed like aka Rebels game go early. The dining area is decent size area mostly table not many booths. The parking lot not problem in shopping mall so plenty too go around. The food always been fan of their food especially the boneless wings and variety of sauces you can choose from my favorite is the mango sauce. Selection of draft beers is always good. It not no yard house but over 20 or more beers too choose from on tap. Something there you can enjoy.
3	Great bartender and attentive service..... but really?! Really?! No champagne on a Sunday?! What about mimosas?
1	I had the worst experience. The service was extremely slow and my wing's did not have any of the salt & vinegar rub. When I spoke to the mgr she said the kitchen was "careless" and forgot. She offered me a box so I could shake the rub on myself. I declined. She finally asked if I wanted new wings. I was on lunch so I could not wait. She gave me a credit for the NEXT visit. I will not be going back to this location.
5	BWW you get wings and you're happy!! great for watching sports. i get the parm-garlic and salt vinegar traditional wings. RANCH!! love this place.
3	I'm a sucker for the boneless wings. Great variety of sauces (and now dry seasoning!) for wings, with and without bones. Tuesdays are 50 cent wing nights, I think. Thursdays are 60 cent boneless wing nights, for sure. The other foods are fine. I'm partial to the Southwest Chicken Wrap.The service can be a bit slow, especially when there's a football game on. I would be remiss if I didn't warn you that your stomach will not be happy with you after your meal.
3	When I came in to eat here I was under the notion that it was 50 cent wing tuesday, seeing signs outside even telling me that as well as inside. But when I sat down they told me they had raised the price on it, so it was now more. It was annoying but it didn't stop me from eating.I had the hot wings (As you should at a place known for wings). I am too use to hit things so these little babies had little to no effect. The wings were very small so there wasn't a lot of meat to each wing. It was extremely hard to flag down my waiter to get a refill, plus he was very rude to me.All in all though the wings tasted good and thats all that really matters in the end.
4	We came to BWW last night to watch the most disappointing game in Packers history.  Trust me, that's another story and something that's too hard for me to revisit LOL.I like this location.  It's on a busy, high traffic area, however, lots of space.  BWW does a great job separating the dining area versus the bar area.  I usually go there for the beer and games because the bar has huge projector screen TVs.  Great clarity and everywhere, so you're not missing anything!  From 5-7pm, they have a great happy hour.  Domestic draft beers in a tall (I think it's either 18 or 24 ounces) for only $3.  Great deal.  Their happy hour also includes food, but I'm never in the mood for that.  Drinks only for me!If you're ever thinking about a convenience venue for the game, come down and check this place out.
2	We normally love BWW but this location always seems to have a problem getting the right amount of sauce on the wings. One time, they will have very little sauce and the next time the wings will be drenched (which is ok with me!). The last time we ordered take-out from this location (I really mean the last time!) we got home and noticed they forgot to put any sauce on our 2 orders of wings. Even though it's closer, we are no longer frequenting this location. The Las Vegas Blvd. location is much more consistent (and quieter).
2	This is a review I've meant to be writing for a long time, but haven't gotten around to. I've been here three times over the past year, only when my friends come into town and want to catch the NFL games all in one spot. I hate writing negative reviews, because every business has a bad day, but I've never seen it with such consistency.The service is just terrible. Every time, it's been full of disinterested servers. Busy days and fuller tables with a lot of needs get a pass from me, but the last time I was in, the restaurant wasn't even half full. I showed up to meet a friend, and it took literally 20 minutes to get a waitress in range that could take a drink order for me. And even then, she wasn't old enough to take beer orders, so she had to go tell someone else what I wanted. The beer took another 10 minutes to show, and the bartender had to bring it to me herself. For some reason, all of the servers hung out at the entrance to the kitchen and avoided giving any service at all.My beer showed, and then I had to wait another 20 minutes to put in an order for some wings, and had finished my drink, sitting and waiting for a refill. This was again from a different server.Then the game with the audio on ended, and switched to infomercials while two other games were sitting in overtime. We listened to the audio for some new orthopedic shoe while the games played out, and had a laugh about seeing how long it would take until someone noticed. They didn't until the games were over, and the TV was switched over to NBC's coverage.We got our bill from a completely different server again, and I don't know if anyone was ever actually assigned to the table. Or the entire section. We seriously couldn't tell.I'm giving it an extra star because the food was pretty standard for a Buffalo Wild Wings, and I don't have any complaints there. Nothing wrong with the franchise overall, I'd just skip this particular location if you can find somewhere else.
4	It was game day..Niners vs. Green Bay, and the time was 4:15pm.  My fiance woke me up so we can get to BWW for the 5:30pm game.  I was sooooo sleepy but when we arrived at BWW, I was so glad he woke me up to get there early.  The place was already crowded for the Broncos/Ravens game.  We waited for 15 mins before we got tables to seat 7.  After we were seated, I realized how we got there just in the nick of time because there were tons of groups after us.The server was very attentive and friendly.  She made sure our drinks were always half full.  At a time like this, half full is good enough for me.  She came by many times to ensure we ordered everything we need.  My favorite are the lemon pepper bone-in wings.  Fiance and I shared 18 wings.  I was stuffed after 6.Will we come back...Heck Yeah! Awesome place to hang out for drinks, wings, and the accompaniment of other fans.
5	Love this place!  Great Bloody Mary's, Wings, and watching football.
4	Buffalo Wild Wings beats the heck out of "Other wing restaurants" any day of the week. Their wings are insanely good. They have about a dozen different sauces ranging from mild to "Blazin". I love their craft beer selection. That's actually my downfall there, I could try a different beer every visit. Carbo-load!They show UFC with NO cover-- bonus points. Last night, we decided to "try something new". We usually go for their mango habanero and hot wings. We went with their "Asian Zing" and "Carribean Jerk". The Asian wings were delicious. We asked for them well done, They came out in 18 minutes--a little long for a wing ticket time-- I've been in the restaurant business for years. Wings should only take 8 minutes, or 10 for well done. The Carribean Jerk, on the other hand were yucky. They tasted like clove and cinnamon. I'm not used to carribean flavors, so I'm not sure if that's an acceptable flavor but to me-- never again. Cinnamon belongs in dessert, not dinner. We also ordered their triple play nachos, three different types of nachos in one huge heaping pile of fattening delicious-ness. Prices: They have a killer happy hour. Beer is either $3. $4. or $5. and all of their apps are half off.
4	This is my favorite little place to come down over to after a long night of work. Great specials to be found ( 60cent boneless wings on thursdays and 60 cent bone in or boneless on Tuesdays) usally a very rowdy crowd but its always fun. Best of all its a 24 hour location.
5	B Dubbs never lets you down, I love the Mango Habanero wings, always my go to flavor and will usually try another but have not found another that I liked nearly as much.
4	I love B Dubs!  ThIs location has some of the friendly staff I have seen. The managers know me because I am in there so much so I guess it is time to bust out the disguise. :). I took one star off because the last few times I ordered my wings, they have not been consistent with size or taste. I get the boneless because sometimes I am lazy and don't want to take the work to eat the chicken off the bone. The boneless pieces range from golf ball size to the size of a nickel and no, I am not kidding. We always order from here and my order is always spot on, all the way down to the ranch and silverware. It gets packed on big game days so plan accordingly!
3	I always manage to spend more money here than I anticipate.  I usually try to hit them up on Tuesdays or Thursdays to get their special pricing on bone-in & boneless wings.  I simply order too much food every time.  With all the different options for sauces/dry rubs, it's hard to stick to only a few.I routinely order the sweet BBQ, parmesan garlic, chipotle, asian zing, desert heat, carribean jerk, thai curry & lemon pepper.  Add a couple rounds of beer, bleu cheese, celery, plus tip & you are looking at an $80+ tab easy.  Damn!  So much for a cheap meal of chicken wings.  This place use to be better years ago.  Maybe I'm just burnt out on it or I over do it?  I use to consider them 4 star, but through the years they have managed to lose one.  FYI...the blazin' sauce is inedible.  Only order it if you have company/relatives you don't like joining  you.  It will be an experience they will not forget.  =)
1	Zero. 15 people in dinning room. Took half an hour for appetizers. Still waiting on the main course. N took 10 min to get a beer. Shouldn't half to wait an hour to get a burger. Never again.
5	Brian our server was INCREDIBLE!!!!  Thanks for a wonderful meal!
2	You know I use to go here all the time, its been a couple years and now that I've  moved back to vegas and started going here again I don't think there that great.. they don't put as much sauce as they used too and quality isn't worth the price. I would say overall "OK", but u might as well just go to applebees this is nothing special.
1	This BWW always manages to screw up the order if you call it in to pick it up. Why Bdubs doesn't let you order online like their competition, I'll never know but it gets really old having to wait everytime you go in for them to fix the mistake and deal with poor customer service.
4	Not sure what they put in the wings here, but every so often I am overwhelmed with a craving to go in and scarf wings like there is no tomorrow.  Is it crack?  Is it something worse?  I don't know (I don't care) I love it!Only negative is the new way they are doling out wings.  You used to be able to order 12 or 18 or 50 etc, and now it's by weight and it just didn't seem as hearty as before. Excellent appetizers (fries with salt/vinegar powder and pretzels with cheese sauce).Great service from Veronica and as usual a really loud, fun environment.
1	Tonight we ordered two very simple meals.  A Chicken Wrap and a Burger.  We asked for Deep Fried Mushrooms to be added to the burger.  The Server checked with the Manager and they decided it could be done.  We waited 45 minutes for our food to come to the table.  During that time our Server never stopped by the table for refills or updates.  (It wasn't busy either)  Also, the building was FREEZING cold.  So, we were cold and hungry, not fun.  When our food arrived the burger was made wrong.  Our Server noticed it was wrong and went to get it fixed.  He came back and said that the Manager said there wasn't anything she could do since it was a special order anyway.  We politely explained that we were disappointed with the wait time and the fact that we didn't even get what we ordered.  We sent the food back and decided to leave.  The Server again spoke with the Manager about our decision to leave.  She shrugged her shoulders and walked away.  Very unprofessional!  We weren't angry or mean.  We were just disappointed.  We won't be going back.
4	Better than average BDubs here.  Service is good and beer is nice and cold.
3	The food was only okay. I had appetizers: boneless wings and slammers etc. The meat on the slammers were flavorless. The options on sauces were a plus. The service was not great. Our waitress was not attentive and took long to check us out. I never complain to managers about waiters but I actually contemplated this one. The service alone was not enough to make me return.
3	They have Ms Pac-Man!We came here recently to watch the 49ers lose to the Saints--aargh!  It was a good game until the end.  I think.  I'm not really a football fan, but the b/f is, so when in Rome.  I'm learning a lot, though.  Like, people love them some football and if you're going to watch a game, BWW is the place to go.Customers and employees are decked out in football jerseys or their favorite team's t-shirts.  Even I was sporting a 49er shirt and I only have half a clue what's going on on the field.  The place was packed!  There were dozens of flatscreens playing every football game in the U.S., or so it seemed. We were seated next to Saints' fans and one lady kept giving us the evil eye--is there going to be a rumble?  I'm sure she was happy her team won.  Me?  I played a game of Galaga and Ms PacMan, 50 cents a game.FOOD:  I shared the soft pretzels and  a small order of the boneless parmesan garlic wings with the b/f, with a side mac & cheese.  The pretzels were good and so were the wings, but the mac & cheese was runny. We were there for more than two hours and our server was attentive the whole time, checking up on us throughout the game.  The best part of this place is that it's not smoky, so that's enough to bring us back for more wings and video games.  Oh, and football.
5	Five stars for sports and beer . 2 stars for service . We felt like we were bugging our waitress everything we ask for napkins or celery wasn't bought out or our food was wrong just wasn't a good vibe.
2	This place sucks for takeout.  This is the second time I have gotten to the restaurant and waited 30 min after calling the order in.  Never again.
4	My local Bdubs. Great service and excellent food. Never had a problem at this location and always got great service. Coming from Ohio where BW3'S was started, this place is my favorite restaurant/bar!
5	I absolutely love this place!!! For years I always order the buffalo chicken wrap. I have been going here for years with my boyfriend and by far one of my favorite places to go to! I would defiantly recommend going here!!!
5	I came here because I love the buffalo wild wings back at home. I didn't have high expectations since I came in and the place was pretty much empty. But we got greated by the most uplifting server I have ever met!!! This girl was on top of it, had so much spunk and made me and my husband peeing in our pants! (Martika) the best thing that's happened to us in Vegas so far. The food was amazing like always but with a kick of awesome service. I feel Vegas service should have a little bit of martika in their step, people come here for entertainment and that's what we got even far from the strip! Food can be dull or delicious but service is key in my book. I will be back! Food: wings were decent size (can't beat traditional wing Tuesday) but its all in the flavor Service: if its slow don't doubt. Hopefully Martika serves you!Cleanliness: tables were clean, floor had no trash, bathrooms were cleaned and stocked. A+++ I love Vegas Buffalo Wild Wings!
1	As is the norm with the Buffalo Wild Wings chain, the food was great. That said, the customer service at this particular location was absolutely ATROCIOUS,  and the reasoning behind this poor review. We arrived two hours early for a fight night event, and were informed that if we sat in the main dining hall there was a possibility of having strangers seated at the table with us because they were seating to capacity. We were given the option of sitting at the bar, and told that at the bar it would be first come first serve, and we wouldn't have to worry about sitting with anyone who was not in our party. We opted to do that instead. We were there early, very few people in the bar, so we asked our server if it would be possible to push two tables together to accommodate the amount of food we plan to buy and the two extra people that would be meeting us there. We were told that that would be fine, and the server actually helped to push the tables together for us. We changed out our hard wooden chairs for more comfortable chairs, again with the permission of the person operating the bar, ordered the first of our food, & Sat comfortably for the first hour and a half that we were there. After that change of shift occurred, and all of a sudden we couldn't have the chairs that we were using because they were saved for those who were gambling at the bar, and the two tables that currently held all of our food where suddenly not supposed to be together and we were forced to separate them. We asked to speak with a manager, who apologized for the inconvenience, acknowledged that her team should have been on the same page, and offered a meeting at another table that was larger and would accommodate our party, but  gave us a poor view of the monitor that we sat there for in the first place. I have never been to a place where the management's had so little control of their employees, and we're still unwilling to accommodate us in light of their poor communication with the team. On top of everything else, we got our food and were never brought silverware. Thank god for finger foods. We will NEVER be dining at this restaurant again. Very poor service.
5	Me and a select group of friends come here every single Tuesday for "Traditional Tuesday" where they have 60 cent wings. (We call it Wang Tuesday.) I feel it's the best day of the week. The atmosphere with all the sports on, which is always my favorite sports, and the friendly demeanor of the waiters/waitresses is very impressive! They always remember my group, and how we prefer a booth over a table, and our beverage orders. Heather specifically is very kind and funny, but that seems to be the personality of everyone there. I always get the Huckleberry lemonade, and I actually don't know what it's supposed to taste like, because it always tastes different to me, but it's still a sweet yummy beverage nonetheless. As for the wings, I usually get either salt and vinegar or lemon pepper, which go fantastically together, but when I try other wings (mild, Caribbean jerk, etc.) I've never tasted one that was less than great. They have so many different flavors it's hard to pick! All in all, no matter what kind of week I'm having, I can count on the welcoming crew at bdubs to make it a little better.
3	Love coming for happy hour,  angry orchard on draft + so many more! Salt and vinegar fries are my favorite, although they are always stingy with the queso dip.... sometimes too runny, other times not enough chili always disappointed with that.....everything else is good!  Bartender and servers are always friendly
3	Came here to watch the Heat vs. Spurs game. Good thing it wasn't to packed. The service is good everyone was friendly. It's been a while since we last been here since I prefer Wing Stop but I figured I'll give it a try again. Ordered 30 wings and honestly the change in their menu with the pricing and what not is kinda disappointing considering the fact that their quality isn't that great. It's about $1 per wing and about 10 out of the 30 wings we ordered where broken, small, and just not what we expected. The amount of business they get for everyone who comes by to grab a beer and watch a game is already extra money they need to invest more on the menu items especially now that they charge more. Good thing I prefer Wing Stop cause I probably won't be back here for a while...
4	After reading a few yelp reviews I hesitated in going to this location, but still gave it a chance because it's the closest yo my home...I have to say the service was GREAT! Jade was our server (we sat in the bar area), she was quick, friendly, approachable and attentive.  So I wanted to drop in and write a review to offset some of the "bad service" reviews placed on here.  The food hasn't changed..chicken gud ....and it's even better when it's wing Tuesday (can't beat that price!) So with that, I gave the place 4 stars!   I'm very stingy with my 5s :).
4	Usually sit at the bar, friendly bartenders. Great machines! Love the Wings!
4	Great service Food came out extremely fast Machines odds are horrible, 4 star and that's the only reason why
3	I always choose to come here instead of the one on las Vegas Blvd., just because it gets way too packed there. Usually come on a Tuesday during happy hour to get the best of both worlds... wings Tuesday plus happy hour. Service is alright. Got our drinks quick but food takes a pretty long time. And it's a hit or miss on how much sauce they put on the wings. I sometimes have to get extra just cause the wings come out dry.
4	My boyfriend and I were torn on where to go for a bite to eat and have a casual nite out.... and we decided Buffalo Wild Wings- this was a great choice! We had a fun time! We sat at the bar and Jason was our bartender/waiter, he was great! We had great conversation, and then my boyfriend and I were able to play the silly trivia game they have and enjoy some good competition. The food was good, but chicken wings are their specialty here- so they know how to make them!
4	BWW has maintained its standard over the years I've been with them.  Classic sports bar look with great friendly service.  Although the kitchen messed up our order, but Tyler made a speedy recovery and provided excellent customer service.
1	WORST service I've ever received. I say this based on multiple experiences..Only come here if you have 4 hours to dedicate to eating chicken wings. The last 2 times I've been here they've forgotten my appetizer and took 40 min to bring my food. The bartender only tends to you if you are obNoxiously flagging him down. Their excuse was that they were "too busy" in a room full of maybe 5 people tops. He never game back to ask if we wanted more drinks long after we finished our first one. Took us another 40 min to finally receive our tab, and the disrespectful bartender gave excuses rather than apologies and didn't even ask if we needed boxes for the multiple uneaten items on our table. Don't waste your time here. Especially don't waste your time with the disrespectful male bartender always wearing a sweat band around his head.
4	This is by far my favorite Dubs. The service is always friendly and fast and the food is always good. I don't stray far from wings, but they are fresh and cooked to order and they never skimp on the sauce. It's very close to my boyfriend's home and open 24 hours a day, so very convenient for our completely opposite Vegas working schedules. We can meet late night for a bite and our favorite beers. It's pretty straight forward. It's your run of the mill BDubs, nothing extraordinary to write home about, BUT they are consistently good.
2	Everyone knows what Buffalo Wild Wings is  so there's not much to review that you already don't know except I haven't been here in years and I can see why. The food has gone completely downhill from what I remember. It's as though chains start off great and slowly just go downhill. The tv game for football is still good, but this place is only good for drinking and game watching. Outside of that, if you're hungry do yourself a favor and just go get Chipotle 30 ft away and then come back. I couldn't even finish my food here even if I was Roberto's drunk...that's bad.
2	Not a fan of this location. The food was subpar each time I've been.
5	Brian in the bar was awesome. Never forgot anything even though we know he was busy. Most of us work at yard house and we feel we got great service. We had a great time.
2	Good food. Lots of T.V.'s for games. Staff was friendly unless you sit at the bar. I ordered 2 beers and they came quick. When I ordered water from 1 of the 2 bartenders, who asked what I wanted to drink, I never got it. I had to wait 5 minutes to ask the other bartender. I have been overcharged for beers here too, by same crappy bartender. He has said I ordered more then I drank. And yes I keep track, even while gambling.
3	We're regulars at BWW but this is the first time we've heard of their new "Table Captain" promotion.  A server introduces themselves and tells us they are there to enhance our BWW experience. They say they will let us sample up to two beer tastings each, taste different sauces, host our table if we decide to do the Blazing Challenge, etc. they were very polite, as usual, but once we tried the beers (Tasting was decent) and sauces (Couple of drops of sauces and some fries to dip in them), they never returned to ask if we liked it or how to improve it. Not impressed with the promotion but good to see them thinking outside the box.
3	Came in to watch the MSU game because my bf thought this was an MSU bar. Well, it was not so, but we stayed anyway. We sat in the bar and wasn't greeted by anyone at first, but then the bartender finally came over and cleaned our table and took our orders. Fried pickles, YUM! Our wings also came out fresh and hot. Then we suddenly had a server, which was nice, but we were done eating. LOL.
1	Me and a group of friends were unsatisfied about the service at this particular BWW. After thinking about it I don't blame the bartender. I blame the shift manager.Shaun's station is the bar and he served his people at the bar well. Hot chick got served quickly as well as everyone else around the bar. As for the floor and us. Yeah not so well. But as we were leaving I saw a bunch of waitress girls in the kitchen and in dining area not doing anything. Except the two girls in the dining area setting up napkins and utensils. That's were I blame the manager. Poor observation of restaurant and delegation of staff.
5	Buffalo Wild Wings haven't disappoint me ever. I always comeback here! Foods amazingly good and the pricing is reasonable. People are so nice and friendly
3	I like the menu here. The food gets the three stars. There are better wings, burgers and beers in town, but BWW has trivia and lots of TVs. It's safe and comfortable, but by no means extraordinary.  The service here however, is terrible. I've sat in the restaurant and had no problems,  but if you're in the bar, I hope for your sake you know the bartender. Otherwise, you'll wait to be acknowledged, wait moee to order, wait longer to get your drinks and wait forever to get your food. Sorry I'm not a regular, but that's the reason why.
1	I was at the bar playing max bets and got my bill and was charged full price for my drinks?  Nothing comped.  Left as an unhappy customer.You would think blowing a couple hundred buck at video poker would at least comp me a few drinks.  Nope.
1	Food here is great but service is sketchy at best. I just left after sitting for 15 minutes at a high top with no one offering me a drink or checking on me. Apparently 5, yes I counted, 5 servers would rather hang out at their main terminal checking Facebook than serve their customers. Lucky for me, five guys is in the same commercial center.
2	Paulette took my order over the phone for our office lunch. Good phone voice, read my order back correctly, pleasant phone convo. I get there and my grilled chicken sandwiches turned into buffalo ranch chicken sandwiches. Yeah I didn't order that. She brings her manager over, nice guy, says they can fix it. As I am waiting, I can see and hear her talking to her coworkers about the situation. You messed up, not a big deal. You talk crap after? Now I'm upset. Another girl offered me water while I wait, but I feel this needs to be posted.  Fix the guests order...talk crap after I leave. Two stars for the nice manager and hostess.
1	Went to BWW last night and can't imagine returning any time soon.  The food is what it always is, which is very good, but the service was beyond slow and the atmosphere horrible.  TV's were crazy loud, prohibiting any kind of conversation.  Had to scream our order to our server.  It was freezing too.  We were shivering while eating our food.  When I complained to our server about it, I was told that the thermostat was controlled someplace else and there was nothing they could do about it.  Lastly, in the middle of our meal we were solicited to make a donation to some charity.  The cause may be a good one, and I'm not opposed to the solicitation, but the timing of it was awful.  I'm not going to stop eating, clean my hands and get into my purse.  Ask when I'm seated or ask when I'm paying (the better option) but not in the middle of my meal. The one star was for the meal.  I do like the wings and the spicy garlic sauce.  Everything else was a major fail last night.
4	Food is pretty decent, had the chicken with the Caribbean Jerk sauce and good as usual.  Got the buffalo chips with cheese and Cajun seasoning to go with it and that was tasty.  The waitress we had, Katarina, was super attentive and provided excellent service.
2	This place is a nightmare. YOU ARE SERVING CHICKEN WINGS, NOT GOLD NUGGETS. The price is outrageous. 2 people, no alcohol, dinner menu. With tip- $60. What are you people thinking???? I hear you can get some good deals on the lunch menu. Will not be finding out. Need to take a second mortgage to eat here. Not worth the expense. Go anywhere else.
2	Their wings are decent, unfortunately I don't remember the couple of sauces that I wasn't please with. The thing that bothers me THE MOST though is the fact that they are going to nickel & dime customers over ranch & blue cheese. ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? Now, I don't eat wings often, however isn't bleu cheese ALWAYS served with wings? I can understand charging for extras, but I stand by my assessment that this practice is ridiculous.  Based on this, I would only ever eat here on Tuesday, .60 cent wing night.
3	Its what you expect, hot wings, beer, sports nothing to write home about but not bad either.
1	Owner should thank his lucky stars I'm not posting a picture of my completely raw chicken I was served last night. I dont mean a little undercooked, I mean as raw as when they bought it! After the manager agreed to fix my order I got it "to go" (because all my friends were done eating) and this time they made sure they weren't raw by burning them to a crisp and drenching them in so much sauce it was sickening to look at. I threw them away. Manager comped my meal only, and looked more frustrated than sympathetic. I suppose this is an error with the chef,  and not so much the rest of the staff.
3	Just gotta get a bunch of wings on game day every now and then and this is my go to place, although it's just A OK. Nothing too exciting to write about. They have a ton of TV's going but I wondered how to get them to let us hear a certain TV -- but wasn't interested in the game enough to ask. I remember a sports bar that had a little speaker on your table and you could tune into whatever TV you wanted to hear but I didn't see anything what-so-ever like that here . Asian Zing wings are the best....sweet/spicy
1	I come here with friends every now and then and every time the service sucks. We always go in and wait to be seated yet the waitresses always just keep passing by  not wanting to seat us. Last night we had to wait until the manager came to seat us. After that it tool forever to get our drink orders down, and of course it took an eternity for the drinks to come. The restaurant was pretty empty too so I can't even imagine how bad the service is on a game night. Of course it took ages for our food order to be taken and for our food to get to the table which is strange to me as when I walk by the kitchen the fryer is always full of pre cooked wings. It shouldn't take an hour to spin pre cooked wings in sauce. As for the food, the wings are usually really dry, maybe because they sit for so long? Anyways I do not recommend coming to this BWW.
5	David (the bartender) was great! He served our party quickly and made sure our drinks were not empty. This will definitely be our go to place for late night food and drinks!
2	I frequent this location often-We usually order online or phone it in and get food to go- and usually pay with a credit/debit card. BE AWARE ----my husband gave a five dollar tip (granted, he should have given more, but in his defense it wasn't a big order and it was to-go) and his card was charged with a 40 dollar tip. Only because I was looking over my account regarding another issue did I question the large purchase at BWW. I called and spoke to a manager, and was told it would be looked into. The extra 35 dollars was refunded several days later, but I never received a call back, or any apology of any sort. That is extremely shady- and stealing! To not even get at least an apology is poor business practice.
1	Where to begin? Have you ever ordered wings "small, medium, large" never. Who does that? It's 6,12, etc. how about the beers? Did you know they have a requirement of a huge head so you get less beer? If the head fizzles out they use a straw to "fluff" it up. Corporate policy. They have signs on the machines at the bar restricting those seats to players only. Too bad no one is playing and all seats are taken. Finally sat at a machine, put my money in and the machine doesn't work. Bartender told me to wait because sometimes they are slow? What a joke. This place sucks. Haven't tried the carry out food yet. I would imagine I'll be equally disappointed.
1	I been there a lot of time ....Now whit Shuons gone the bartender. .. the bar service  total bs the machine's  total rip off ...I put few 20$ and I got charge for my beers (2) ...I did  order from the want to be bartender new girl ... At the bar ...Then I always happy hour mozzarella sticks I even asked her with of the happy hour menu on my hand next thing I know I charge  are more than double..... And of course then manager  came up pull some bs of the and the show  me I place my order at 9.58 lest that 90seconds from happy hour ......I go there a lot more that 10 times a month Just no good if you don't Read the fine print.....lolThey don't comps your drinks like the should on sorry a55 machines Well a couple good thing s The beer was cold ..Wing double hot ...Temperature  and spice ...Lol
3	Holy trinity of blazing wings, football, and bad customer service. Food is typical, no complaints, but the staff is bit rude. If you want a good placed for wings and football then this is the place to go, customer service needs improvement.
2	Ugh. I keep on thinking that some day this place will be decent. But alas, it never is. And this seems to be an even lower end location than other BW3 locations. The wings are just flat out disgusting to me. They are small, undercooked, have lots of dark meat and red lines, and are majorly under-sauced (even when requesting them "wet"). And while they offer numerous sauces of varying heats, none of particularly tasty or hot. The only things I can tolerate here are the appetizers. They are edible, but far from tasty or desirable. The staff are alright. But they always seem to prefer socializing with other staff and friends that come in than actually doing their jobs. Napkins and silverware are never provided unless very specifically requested at least 3x. The beer offerings are alright. Not great, but better than like PT's. All in all, skip it.
